UID,Searchword,API,URL,Title,Summary,Article,Title_Sentiment,Title_Positive,Title_Neutral,Title_Negative,Article_Sentiment,Article_Positive,Article_Neutral,Article_Negative,Verified,Language,Topics,Date,Load_Date,Source
42827,Euroclear,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2024/06/17/2899352/0/en/Sampo-plc-Notice-of-the-Extraordinary-General-Meeting.html,Sampo plc: Notice of the Extraordinary General Meeting,SAMPO PLC                STOCK EXCHANGE RELEASE        17 June 2024 at 10:00 am  Sampo plc: Notice of the Extraordinary General Meeting Notice is given...,SAMPO PLC STOCK EXCHANGE RELEASE 17 June 2024 at 10:00 amSampo plc: Notice of the Extraordinary General MeetingNotice is given to the shareholders of Sampo plc (“Sampo” or the “Company”) of the Extraordinary General Meeting to be held on 9 July 2024 at 2.00 p.m. (all times referred to herein EEST) at the Helsinki Hall of Culture  Aalto Hall  Sturenkatu 4  00510 Helsinki  Finland. The reception of shareholders who have registered for the meeting will start at 12.30 p.m. No refreshments will be served.The Board of Directors of Sampo has convened the Extraordinary General Meeting to authorise the Board of Directors to resolve upon the issuance of shares in connection with Sampo’s recommended best and final public exchange offer to the shareholders in Topdanmark A/S (“Topdanmark”)  as announced on 17 June 2024 by way of a stock exchange release.Shareholders have the opportunity to exercise their voting rights also by voting in advance. The instructions regarding the advance voting are presented in Section C.5 herein.A. Items on the agenda of the Extraordinary General MeetingThe information and proposals of agenda items 1 to 5 concerning the formal organisational matters of the Extraordinary General Meeting are included in a separate organisational document published on Sampo’s website at www.sampo.com/egm  which document also constitutes a part of this notice. The document may be supplemented at the meeting with any information that is not available before the Extraordinary General Meeting.At the Extraordinary General Meeting  the following items will be considered:1. Opening of the meeting2. Calling the meeting to order3. Election of persons to scrutinise the minutes and to supervise the counting of votes4. Recording the legality of the meeting5. Recording the attendance at the meeting and adoption of the list of votes6. Authorising the Board of Directors to resolve upon the issuance of shares in connection with Sampo’s recommended public exchange offer to the shareholders in Topdanmark A/S6.1 IntroductionOn 17 June 2024  Sampo announced that Sampo and Topdanmark had entered into a combination agreement (the “Combination Agreement”)  pursuant to which Sampo will make a recommended best and final public exchange offer to acquire all of the outstanding shares in Topdanmark not already owned by Sampo (the “Offer”). Following completion of the Offer  Sampo intends to integrate Topdanmark into If P&C Insurance Ltd (publ) to strengthen its position as one of the leading insurers in the Danish P&C insurance market and to consolidate Sampo Group’s leadership position in the Nordics. Reference is made to the public announcement on the Offer on 17 June 2024 for further information about the rationale and details of the Offer.The shareholders of Topdanmark will be offered 1.25 new A shares in Sampo as share consideration for each share in Topdanmark validly tendered in the Offer (not including Topdanmark shares already owned by Sampo and Topdanmark treasury shares) (the “Share Consideration”). In aggregate  up to a total of 57 468 782 new A shares in Sampo will be issued as Share Consideration. Subject to all Topdanmark shares (not including Topdanmark shares already owned by Sampo) being tendered in the Offer  the Topdanmark shareholders will receive new A shares representing in aggregate an approximate ownership of 10.3 per cent in Sampo.The Offer is currently expected to be settled and completed during September 2024. Following completion of the Offer  if Sampo holds the requisite number of Topdanmark shares under the Danish Companies Act (i.e.  more than 90 per cent of the Topdanmark shares and votes  not including any Topdanmark treasury shares)  Sampo expects to initiate and complete a compulsory acquisition of the remaining minority Topdanmark shares held by Topdanmark shareholders in accordance with the Danish Companies Act.The Board of Directors of Sampo has unanimously concluded that the Offer is in the best interests of Sampo and its shareholders  and proposes that the Extraordinary General Meeting of Sampo approve the share issue authorisation to the Board of Directors.6.2 Authorising the Board of Directors to resolve upon the issuance of sharesIn order to enable the issuance of A shares in Sampo to holders of Topdanmark shares as consideration for the acquisition of shares in Topdanmark (including in the Offer  in a subsequent compulsory acquisition of the remaining minority Topdanmark shares pursuant to sections 70 to 72 of the Danish Companies Act and otherwise)  the Board of Directors proposes that the Extraordinary General Meeting resolves to authorise the Board of Directors to resolve  on one or several occasions  upon the issuance of up to a maximum of 57 468 782 new A shares in Sampo  which corresponds to approximately 11.5 per cent of all the A shares in the Company on the date of this notice  in deviation from the shareholders’ pre-emptive rights (directed share issue). The authorisation may be used only for the issuance of A shares of Sampo to the holders of and against conveyance of Topdanmark shares.The Board of Directors shall be authorised to decide on all other terms relating to the issuance of new A shares in the Company  including the distribution of shares against consideration in kind or set-off.The authorisation is proposed to remain valid until 30 June 2025 and  if granted  this authorisation will not revoke the authorisation to resolve upon a share issue without payment granted to the Board of Directors by the Annual General Meeting held on 25 April 2024.7. Closing of the meetingB. Documents of the Extraordinary General MeetingThis notice is available on Sampo plc’s website at www.sampo.com/egm. Other documents  which according to the Finnish Companies Act shall be kept available for the shareholders  will be available on the above-mentioned website as of 17 June 2024 at the latest. The above-mentioned documents will also be available at the Extraordinary General Meeting. The minutes of the Extraordinary General Meeting will be available on the above-mentioned website on 23 July 2024 at the latest.C. Instructions for the participants in the Extraordinary General Meeting1. Shareholders registered in the shareholders’ registerEach shareholder who is registered on 27 June 2024 in the shareholders’ register of Sampo plc held by Euroclear Finland Oy has the right to participate in the Extraordinary General Meeting. A shareholder  whose shares are registered on their personal Finnish book-entry account  is registered in the shareholders’ register of the Company.The registration for the Extraordinary General Meeting and the advance voting will commence on 17 June at 10.00 a.m. A shareholder who is registered in the shareholders’ register of the Company and who wants to participate in the Extraordinary General Meeting shall register for the meeting by 3.00 p.m. on 2 July 2024 by giving a prior notice of participation  which must be received by the Company no later than on the above-mentioned date.Further information and instructions on the advance voting are provided below in Section C.5.Registration for the Extraordinary General Meeting may be carried out:a) On the Company’s website at www.sampo.com/egmFor natural persons  electronic registration requires secure strong electronic authentication with personal online banking credentials or a mobile certificate. For shareholders that are legal entities  electronic registration does not require strong electronic authentication. However  the shareholder shall provide its business ID  number of its book-entry account and other required information. If a shareholder uses the electronic Suomi.fi authorisation  the registration requires strong electronic authentication with online banking credentials or a mobile certificate.b) By email to yhtiokokous@euroclear.com or regular mail to Euroclear Finland Oy  Extraordinary General Meeting / Sampo plc  P.O. Box 1110  00101 Helsinki  Finland.c) By telephone +358 20 770 6907 Mon-Fri 9.00 a.m.–3.00 p.m.Registration must be received by 3.00 p.m. on 2 July 2024 irrespective of the registration method.In connection with the registration  the shareholder shall notify their name  personal identification number or business ID  address  telephone number  as well as the name of a possible assistant  proxy representative or statutory representative  and the personal identification number of the proxy representative or statutory representative. When registering a proxy on the internet the shareholder’s book-entry account number is also required.The personal data given to Sampo plc is used only in connection with the Extraordinary General Meeting and with the processing of related registrations.The shareholder  their authorised representative or proxy representative shall  where necessary  be able to prove their identity and/or right of representation at the Extraordinary General Meeting.2. Holder of nominee-registered sharesHolders of nominee-registered shares have the right to participate in the Extraordinary General Meeting by virtue of shares based on which they would be entitled to be registered in the shareholders’ register of the Company held by Euroclear Finland Oy on the record date of the Extraordinary General Meeting on 27 June 2024. In addition  the right to participate in the Extraordinary General Meeting requires that the shareholder has been registered on the basis of such shares into the temporary shareholders’ register held by Euroclear Finland Oy at the latest by 10.00 a.m. on 4 July 2024. As regards nominee-registered shares  this constitutes due registration for the Extraordinary General Meeting.A holder of nominee-registered shares is advised to request without delay necessary instructions regarding the registration in the temporary shareholders’ register of the Company  the issuing of proxy documents and voting instructions as well as registration for the Extraordinary General Meeting from their custodian bank. The custodian bank shall register a holder of nominee-registered shares who wants to participate in the Extraordinary General Meeting into the temporary shareholders’ register of the Company at the latest by the date stated above.Further information on these matters can also be found on the Company’s website www.sampo.com/egm.3. Holder of Swedish depository receiptsHolders of Swedish depository receipts (SDRs) have the right to participate in the Extraordinary General Meeting by virtue of shares represented by the SDRs based on which they would be entitled to be registered in the shareholders’ register of the Company held by Euroclear Finland Oy on the record date of the Extraordinary General Meeting on 27 June 2024. In addition  the right to participate in the Extraordinary General Meeting requires that the holder of SDRs has been registered  on the basis of such shares represented by the SDRs  into the temporary shareholders’ register held by Euroclear Finland Oy at the latest by 10.00 a.m. on 4 July 2024  and the request regarding such registration must be delivered to the issuer of the SDRs and all necessary actions taken at the latest by 10.00 a.m. on 28 June 2024. As regards holders of SDRs  this constitutes a due registration for the Extraordinary General Meeting.A holder of SDRs is advised to request without delay necessary instructions regarding the registration in the temporary shareholders’ register of the Company and the issuing of proxy documents from their custodian bank which the holder of the SDRs has appointed to hold the SDRs on their account. Said custodian bank shall take necessary actions to the effect that a holder of SDRs who wants to participate in the Extraordinary General Meeting is registered into the temporary shareholders’ register of the Company at the latest by 10.00 a.m. on 4 July 2024.Further information on these matters can also be found on the Company’s website www.sampo.com/egm.4. Proxy representative and powers of attorneyA shareholder may participate in the Extraordinary General Meeting and exercise their rights at the meeting by way of proxy representation. A proxy representative shall produce a dated proxy document or otherwise in a reliable manner demonstrate their right to represent the shareholder at the Extraordinary General Meeting. When a shareholder participates in the Extraordinary General Meeting by means of several proxy representatives representing the shareholder with shares on different securities accounts  the shares by which each proxy representative represents the shareholder shall be identified in connection with the registration for the Extraordinary General Meeting.Possible proxy documents shall be delivered primarily through email to agm@sampo.fi or as originals to the address Sampo plc  EGM  Fabianinkatu 27  00100 Helsinki  Finland before the end of the registration period.Delivering of a proxy to the Company prior to the end of the registration period is considered as registration for the meeting if all required information for registration described above is given.Shareholders may also use the electronic Suomi.fi authorisation service instead of a traditional authorisation. In such case  the Shareholder authorises a representative in the Suomi.fi service at www.suomi.fi/e-authorizations by using the category “Representation at a general meeting”. The representative shall in connection with the registration to Euroclear Finland Oy’s general meeting service identify oneself through strong electronic identification. After that  the electronic authorisation will be proofed automatically. Online banking credentials or a mobile certificate may be used for strong electronic identification. More information is available at www.suomi.fi/e-authorizations and Sampo plc’s website at www.sampo.com/egm.5. Advance votingShareholders with a Finnish book-entry account may vote in advance on certain matters on the agenda of the Extraordinary General Meeting during the period from 17 June 2024 at 10.00 a.m. until 2 July 2024 at 3.00 p.m.A shareholder who has voted in advance may only request information under the Finnish Companies Act  request a vote at the Extraordinary General Meeting or vote on a possible counterproposal  if they or their proxy representative participates in the Extraordinary General Meeting at the meeting venue.Advance voting can be done in the following ways:a) On the Company’s website at www.sampo.com/egmFor natural persons  electronic advance voting requires secure strong electronic authentication with personal online banking credentials or a mobile certificate. For shareholders that are legal entities  electronic advance voting does not require strong electronic authentication. However  the shareholder shall provide its business ID  number of its book-entry account and other required information. If a shareholder uses the electronic Suomi.fi authorisation  the advance voting requires strong electronic authentication with online banking credentials or a mobile certificate.b) A shareholder may submit the advance voting form available on the Company’s website or corresponding information by email to yhtiokokous@euroclear.com or regular mail to Euroclear Finland Oy  Extraordinary General Meeting / Sampo plc  P.O. Box 1110  00101 Helsinki  Finland.The advance votes must be received by the end of the advance voting period.If a shareholder participates in the Extraordinary General Meeting by submitting the votes in advance to Euroclear Finland Oy  submission of the votes before the end of the registration and advance voting period constitutes due registration for the Extraordinary General Meeting  provided that they contain the above-mentioned information required for the registration.On the part of nominee-registered shareholders (including holders of SDRs)  the advance voting takes place through their custodian bank. The custodian bank may vote in advance on behalf of the nominee-registered shareholders represented by it in accordance with the provided voting instructions within the registration period set for nominee-registered shareholders.The agenda items subject to advance voting are deemed to be presented unchanged at the Extraordinary General Meeting. Instructions regarding the advance voting  and the terms related to the electronic advance voting are also available on the Company’s website at www.sampo.com/egm.6. Other instructions and informationPursuant to Chapter 5  Section 25 of the Finnish Companies Act  a shareholder who is present at the Extraordinary General Meeting has the right to request information with respect to the items to be considered at the meeting.Any changes in the ownership of shares that have occurred after the record date of the Extraordinary General Meeting do not affect the right to participate in nor the number of votes of the shareholder at the Extraordinary General Meeting.On the date of this Notice of the Extraordinary General Meeting the total number of shares in Sampo plc is 501 596 752 A shares  representing 501 596 752 votes  and 200 000 B shares  representing 1 000 000 votes  i.e. a total of 501 796 752 shares and 502 596 752 votes. At the Extraordinary General Meeting  each A share carries one vote and each B share carries five votes.All of Sampo plc’s B shares are owned by a shareholder independent from the Company. Based on Sampo plc’s articles of association  each B share can be converted into an A share at the request of the holder of the B share. Subject to the Finnish Limited Liability Companies Act  the general meeting may resolve upon a directed acquisition of own shares  decide on the amendment of the articles of association to the effect that share classes are combined or otherwise reduce share class rights only provided such a proposal is supported by at least two thirds of the votes and shares  per share class  represented at the meeting. Thus  the authority to decide on the combination of Sampo plc’s share classes does not rest with the Company.Helsinki  17 June 2024SAMPO PLCBoard of DirectorsFor further information  please contact:Sami TaipalusHead of Investor Relationstel. +358 10 516 0030Maria SilanderCommunications Manager  Media Relationstel. +358 10 516 0031Distribution:Nasdaq HelsinkiNasdaq StockholmLondon Stock ExchangeFIN-FSAThe principal mediawww.sampo.comImportant noticeThis notice is not for publication  distribution or release  in whole or in part  directly or indirectly  in or into Australia  Hong Kong  Japan  New Zealand  South Africa or Singapore or any other jurisdiction in which publication or distribution would be unlawful. This notice is neither an offer to sell nor the solicitation of an offer to buy any securities and shall not constitute an offer  solicitation or sale in any other jurisdiction in which such offering  solicitation or sale would be unlawful.This notice is not an offer of Share Consideration in the United States and it is not intended for distribution in any jurisdiction in which such distribution would be prohibited by applicable law. The Share Consideration referred to in this release has not been  and will not be  registered under the United States Securities Act of 1933  as amended (the “U.S. Securities Act”)  or the securities laws of any state of the United States (as such term is defined in Regulation S under the U.S. Securities Act) and may not be offered  sold or delivered  directly or indirectly  in or into the United States absent registration  except pursuant to an exemption from  or in a transaction not subject to  the registration requirements of the U.S. Securities Act and in compliance with any applicable state and other securities laws of the United States.This notice has been prepared on the basis that any offer of the Share Consideration in the United Kingdom will be made pursuant to an exemption under the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 (as amended  the “FSMA”) from the requirement to produce a prospectus for offers of the Share Consideration. Accordingly any person making or intending to make an offer of the Share Consideration in the United Kingdom may only do so in circumstances in which no obligation arises for Sampo to publish a prospectus pursuant to section 85 of the FSMA or supplement a prospectus pursuant to Article 23 of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 as it forms part of domestic law in the United Kingdom by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018  in each case  in relation to such offer. Sampo has not authorised  nor does it authorise  the making of any offer of the Share Consideration in circumstances in which an obligation arises for Sampo to publish a prospectus for such offer. In the United Kingdom  this notice is only addressed to and directed at persons who (i) are investment professionals falling within Article 19(5) of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 (Financial Promotion) Order 2005 (as amended  the “Order”)  (ii) are high net worth entities or other persons falling within Article 49(2)(a)-(d) of the Order  or (iii) are persons to whom an invitation or inducement to engage in investment activity (within the meaning of section 21 of the FSMA in connection with the issue or sale of any securities may otherwise lawfully be communicated or caused to be communicated (including on the basis that the transaction to which this notice relates will fall within article 62 of the Order  to which the provisions of section 21 of the FSMA do not apply) (all such persons together being referred to as “Relevant Persons”). Any investment or investment activity to which this notice relates is available only to Relevant Persons in the United Kingdom and will only be engaged with such persons.The Share Consideration will be issued to Canadian shareholders of Topdanmark pursuant to a prospectus exemption in accordance with applicable Canadian securities laws. The Share Consideration has not  however  been qualified for distribution by way of a prospectus in Canada and no Canadian securities regulatory authority has expressed an opinion about the Share Consideration and it is an offence to claim otherwise. The Share Consideration has not been and will not be listed on a Canadian securities exchange and neither Sampo nor Topdanmark intends to take any action to facilitate a market in the Share Consideration in Canada.,neutral,0.05,0.93,0.02,negative,0.04,0.34,0.62,True,English,"['Extraordinary General Meeting', 'Sampo plc', 'Notice', 'Danish P&C insurance market', 'P&C Insurance Ltd', 'SAMPO PLC STOCK EXCHANGE RELEASE', 'final public exchange offer', 'remaining minority Topdanmark shares', 'Danish Companies Act', 'formal organisational matters', 'Extraordinary General Meeting', 'directed share issue', 'separate organisational document', 'subsequent compulsory acquisition', 'Topdanmark treasury shares', 'share issue authorisation', '1.25 new A shares', '57,468,782 new A shares', 'shareholders’ pre-emptive rights', 'Section C', 'public announcement', 'voting rights', 'A. Items', 'outstanding shares', 'Aalto Hall', 'following items', 'combination agreement', 'leading insurers', 'approximate ownership', '10.3 per cent', 'requisite number', '90 per cent', 'several occasions', '11.5 per cent', 'Topdanmark A/S', 'share consideration', 'Helsinki Hall', 'advance voting', 'agenda items', 'leadership position', 'Topdanmark shareholders', 'best interests', 'Sampo Group', '00510 Helsinki', 'Notice', 'Company', '9 July', 'EEST', 'Culture', 'Sturenkatu', 'Finland', 'reception', 'refreshments', 'Board', 'Directors', 'issuance', 'connection', '17 June', 'way', 'opportunity', 'instructions', 'information', 'proposals', 'website', 'part', 'Opening', 'Election', 'persons', 'minutes', 'counting', 'votes', 'legality', 'attendance', 'adoption', 'list', 'Introduction', 'completion', 'If', 'Nordics', 'Reference', 'rationale', 'details', 'aggregate', 'total', 'September', 'accordance', 'order', 'sections', 'one', 'maximum', 'date', 'deviation', '10:00', '2.00', '12.30']",2024-06-17,2024-06-18,globenewswire.com
42828,Euroclear,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/ROYAL-KPN-N-V-6287/news/Royal-KPN-N-Offering-Circular-KPN-500m-4-875-Green-Hybrid-Securities-XS2824778075-46986882/,Royal KPN N : Offering Circular KPN 500m 4.875% Green Hybrid Securities (XS2824778075),(marketscreener.com)   OFFERING CIRCULAR DATED 14 JUNE 2024   KONINKLIJKE KPN N.V.   (Incorporated in the Netherlands as a public limited company   with its corporate seat in Rotterdam  the Netherlands)   €500 000 000 Perpetual Fixed Rate Resett…,"OFFERING CIRCULAR DATED 14 JUNE 2024 KONINKLIJKE KPN N.V. (Incorporated in the Netherlands as a public limited company with its corporate seat in Rotterdam  the Netherlands) €500 000 000 Perpetual Fixed Rate Resettable Capital Securities ______________________________________ Issue Price: 99.682 per cent. ______________________________________ The €500 000 000 Perpetual Fixed Rate Resettable Capital Securities (the Securities) will be issued by Koninklijke KPN N.V. (the Issuer) on 18 June 2024 (the Issue Date). The Securities will bear interest on their principal amount from (and including) the Issue Date to (but excluding) 18 September 2029 (the First Reset Date) at a rate of 4.875 per cent. per annum  payable annually in arrear on 18 September in each year  except that the first payment of interest  to be made on 18 September 2024  will be in respect of the period from (and including) the Issue Date to (but excluding) 18 September 2024 and will amount to €12.25 per €1 000 in principal amount of the Securities. Thereafter  unless previously redeemed  the Securities will bear interest from (and including) 18 September 2029 to (but excluding) 18 September 2034 at a rate per annum which shall be 1.972 per cent. above the Reset Reference Rate (as defined in the Terms and Conditions of the Securities (the Conditions)) for the relevant Reset Period (as defined in the Conditions)  payable annually in arrear on 18 September in each year. From (and including) 18 September 2034 to (but excluding) 18 September 2049 the Securities will bear interest at a rate per annum which shall be 2.222 per cent. above the Reset Reference Rate for the relevant Reset Period  payable annually in arrear on 18 September in each year. From (and including) 18 September 2049 the Securities will bear interest at a rate per annum which shall be 2.792 per cent. above the Reset Reference Rate for the relevant Reset Period payable annually in arrear on 18 September in each year  all as more particularly described in ""Terms and Conditions of the Securities - Interest Payments"". If the Issuer does not elect to redeem the Securities in accordance with Condition 6(g) following the occurrence of a Change of Control Event (as defined in the Conditions)  the then prevailing interest rate per annum (and each subsequent interest rate per annum otherwise determined in accordance with the Conditions) shall be increased by 5 percentage points per annum with effect from (and including) the date on which the Change of Control Event occurred  see ""Terms and Conditions of the Securities - Interest Payments - Step-up after Change of Control"". The Issuer may  at its discretion  elect to defer all or part of any payment of interest on the Securities as more particularly described in ""Terms and Conditions of the Securities - Optional Interest Deferral"". Any amounts so deferred  together with further interest accrued thereon (at the interest rate per annum prevailing from time to time)  shall constitute Arrears of Interest (as defined in the Conditions). The Issuer may pay outstanding Arrears of Interest  in whole or in part  at any time in accordance with the Conditions. Notwithstanding this  the Issuer shall pay any outstanding Arrears of Interest  in whole but not in part  on the first Mandatory Settlement Date  all as more particularly described in ""Terms and Conditions of the Securities - Optional Interest Deferral - Mandatory Settlement"". The Securities will be perpetual securities in respect of which there is no fixed redemption date and shall be redeemable (at the option of the Issuer) in whole but not in part at any time from (and including) 18 June 2029 (the First Call Date) to (and including) the First Reset Date  and thereafter  on each applicable Interest Payment Date (as defined in the Conditions)  at the principal amount of the Securities  together with any accrued and unpaid interest up to (but excluding) such date and any outstanding Arrears of Interest. Following the exercise by the Issuer at any time other than during the period from (and including) the First Call Date to (and including) the First Reset Date or upon any subsequent Interest Payment Date  of the Make-whole Redemption  the Securities may be redeemed  in whole but not in part  at their Make-wholeRedemption Amount (as defined in the Conditions). In addition  upon the occurrence of an Accounting Event  a Change of Control Event  a Rating Event  a Substantial Repurchase Event  a Tax Deduction Event or a Withholding Tax Event by the Issuer (each such term as defined in the Conditions)  the Securities shall be redeemable (at the option of the Issuer) in whole but not in part at the prices set out  and as more particularly described  in ""Terms and Conditions of the Securities - Redemption  Exchange and Variation"". In addition  subject to certain conditions  the Issuer may exchange the Securities for new securities or vary the terms of the Securities without any consent of the Holders upon the occurrence of a Tax Deduction Event  an Accounting Event  a Rating Event or a Withholding Tax Event as more particularly described in ""Terms and Conditions of the Securities - Redemption  Exchange and Variation"". The Securities will be unsecured securities of the Issuer and will constitute subordinated obligations of the Issuer  all as more particularly described in ""Terms and Conditions of the Securities - Status""  and ""Terms and Conditions of the Securities - Subordination"". Payments in respect of the Securities shall be made free and clear of  and without withholding or deduction for  or on account of  taxes of the Netherlands  unless such withholding or deduction is required by law. In the event that any such withholding or deduction is made  additional amounts may be payable by the Issuer  subject to certain exceptions as are more fully described in ""Terms and Conditions of the Securities - Taxation"". This Offering Circular does not comprise a prospectus for the purposes of Article 8 of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 (the Prospectus Regulation). Application has been made to The Irish Stock Exchange plc trading as Euronext Dublin (Euronext Dublin) for the approval of this Offering Circular as Listing Particulars. Application has been made to Euronext Dublin for the Securities to be admitted to the official list (the Official List) and to trading on the Global Exchange Market of Euronext Dublin (GEM). References in this Offering Circular to the Securities being ""listed"" (and all related references) shall mean that the Securities have been admitted to the Official List and have been admitted to trading on GEM. GEM is the exchange regulated market of Euronext Dublin and is not a regulated market in the EEA for the purposes of Directive 2014/65/EU. The Securities have not been and will not be registered under the Securities Act of 1933  as amended (the Securities Act) or under any securities laws of any state or other jurisdiction of the United States and are subject to U.S. tax law requirements. The Securities may not be offered  sold  transferred or delivered  directly or indirectly  within the United States or to  or for the account or benefit of  U.S. persons except pursuant to an applicable exemption from  or in a transaction not subject to  the registration requirements of the Securities Act and applicable state and other securities laws of the United States. There will be no public offer of the Securities in the United States. The Securities are being offered and sold in offshore transactions in compliance with Regulation S under the Securities Act (Regulation S). The Securities will initially be represented by a temporary global security (the Temporary Global Security)  without coupons or talons  which will be deposited with a common depositary on behalf of Euroclear Bank SA/NV (Euroclear) and Clearstream Banking  S.A. (Clearstream  Luxembourg) on or about the Issue Date. The Temporary Global Security will be exchangeable for interests in a permanent global security (the Permanent Global Security and  together with the Temporary Global Security  the Global Securities)  without coupons or talons  on or after a date which is expected to be 28 July 2024  upon certification as to non-U.S. beneficial ownership. See ""Summary of Provisions relating to the Securities while in Global Form"". The Securities are expected to be rated BB+ by S&P Global Ratings Europe Limited (S&P) and BB+ by Fitch Ratings Ireland Ltd. (Fitch) (each a Rating Agency). Each of S&P and Fitch is established in the European Union and is registered under Regulation (EC) No. 1060/2009 (as amended) of the European Parliament and of the Council of 16 September 2009 on credit rating agencies (the CRA Regulation). A rating is not a recommendation to buy  sell or hold securities and may be subject to suspension  reduction or withdrawal at any time by the assigning rating agency. The determination of the Reset Reference Rate in respect of the Securities is dependent upon the mid-swap rate for euro interest rate swaps with a term of 5 (five) years as displayed on Reuters screen ""ICESWAP2"" as at 11:00 a.m. (Central European time) provided by ICE Benchmark Administration Limited and the 6- month EURIBOR rate administered by the European Money Markets Institute. As at the date of this Offering Circular  the European Money Markets Institute is included in the register of administrators and benchmarks established and maintained by the European Securities and Markets Authority (ESMA) pursuant to Article 36 of Regulation (EU) No 2016/1011  as amended (the EU Benchmarks Regulation).ICE Benchmark Administration Limited does not appear on the register of administrators and benchmarks established and maintained by ESMA pursuant to Article 36 of the Benchmarks Regulation. However  the transitional provisions in Article 51 of the Benchmarks Regulation apply  such that ICE Benchmark Administration Limited is not currently required to obtain recognition  endorsement or equivalence. Prospective investors should have regard to the factors described under the section headed ""Risk Factors"" in this Offering Circular. Joint Lead Managers ABN AMRO BNP PARIBAS Goldman Sachs Bank Europe SE ING IMI - Intesa SanpaoloThe Issuer accepts responsibility for the information contained in this Offering Circular. To the best of the knowledge of the Issuer (which has taken all reasonable care to ensure that such is the case)  the information contained in this Offering Circular is in accordance with the facts and does not omit anything likely to affect the import of such information. This Offering Circular is to be read in conjunction with all the documents which are incorporated herein by reference (see ""Documents Incorporated by Reference""). This Offering Circular does not constitute an offer of  or an invitation by or on behalf of the Issuer or the Joint Lead Managers (as defined in ""Subscription and Sale"" below) to subscribe or purchase  any of the Securities. The distribution of this Offering Circular and the offering of the Securities in certain jurisdictions may be restricted by law. Persons into whose possession this Offering Circular comes are required by the Issuer and the Joint Lead Managers to inform themselves about and to observe any such restrictions. For a description of further restrictions on offers and sales of Securities and distribution of this Offering Circular  see ""Subscription and Sale"" below. No person is authorised to give any information or to make any representation not contained in this Offering Circular and any information or representation not so contained must not be relied upon as having been authorised by or on behalf of the Issuer or the Joint Lead Managers. Neither the delivery of this Offering Circular nor any sale made in connection herewith shall  under any circumstances  create any implication that there has been no change in the affairs of the Issuer since the date hereof or the date upon which this Offering Circular has been most recently amended or supplemented or that there has been no adverse change in the financial position of the Issuer since the date hereof or the date upon which this Offering Circular has been most recently amended or supplemented or that the information contained in it or any other information supplied in connection with the Securities is correct as of any time subsequent to the date on which it is supplied or  if different  the date indicated in the document containing the same. To the greatest extent permitted by law  the Joint Lead Managers  the Agents and the Trustee accept no responsibility whatsoever for the contents of this Offering Circular or for any other statement  made or purported to be made by a Joint Lead Manager  the Agents or the Trustee or on its behalf in connection with the Issuer or the issue and offering of the Securities. Each of the Joint Lead Managers  the Agents and the Trustee accordingly disclaims all and any liability whether arising in tort or contract or otherwise (save as referred to above) which it might otherwise have in respect of this Offering Circular or any such statement. THE SECURITIES REFERENCED IN THIS DOCUMENT MAY NOT BE DISTRIBUTED IN OR INTO THE UNITED STATES OR JAPAN. ANY FORWARDING  REDISTRIBUTION OR REPRODUCTION OF THIS DOCUMENT IN WHOLE OR IN PART IS UNAUTHORISED. FAILURE TO COMPLY WITH THIS NOTICE MAY RESULT IN A VIOLATION OF THE SECURITIES ACT OR THE APPLICABLE LAWS OF OTHER JURISDICTIONS. NOTHING IN THIS OFFERING CIRCULAR CONSTITUTES AN OFFER OF SECURITIES FOR SALE IN THE UNITED STATES OR JAPAN OR ANY OTHER JURISDICTION WHERE IT IS UNLAWFUL TO DO SO. THE SECURITIES HAVE NOT BEEN AND WILL NOT BE REGISTERED UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OR WITH ANY SECURITIES REGULATORY AUTHORITY OF ANY STATE OR OTHER JURISDICTION OF THE UNITED STATES OR IN ANY OTHER JURISDICTION AND MAY NOT BE OFFERED  SOLD  PLEDGED OR OTHERWISE TRANSFERRED EXCEPT (1) IN THE UNITED STATES EXCEPT IN ACCORDANCE WITH AN APPLICABLE EXEMPTION FROM THE REGISTRATION REQUIREMENTS OF THE SECURITIES ACT OR (2) IN AN OFFSHORE TRANSACTION IN ACCORDANCE WITH RULE 903 OR RULE 904 OF REGULATION S 4UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT  IN EACH CASE IN ACCORDANCE WITH ANY APPLICABLE SECURITIES LAWS OF ANY STATE OF THE UNITED STATES OR PURSUANT TO AN EXEMPTION FROM  OR IN A TRANSACTION NOT SUBJECT TO  THE REGISTRATION REQUIREMENTS OF THE SECURITIES ACT AND APPLICABLE STATE OR LOCAL SECURITIES LAWS. MIFID II product governance / Professional investors and ECPs only target market - Solely for the purposes of each manufacturer's product approval process  the target market assessment in respect of the Securities has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the Securities is eligible counterparties and professional clients only  each as defined in Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended  MiFID II); and (ii) all channels for distribution of the Securities to eligible counterparties and professional clients are appropriate. Any person subsequently offering  selling or recommending the Securities (a distributor) should take into consideration the manufacturers' target market assessment; however  a distributor subject to MiFID II is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Securities (by either adopting or refining the manufacturers' target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels. PRIIPs Regulation / Prohibition of sales to EEA retail investors - The Securities are not intended to be offered  sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered  sold or otherwise made available to any retail investor in the European Economic Area (EEA). For these purposes  a retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or (ii) a customer within the meaning of Directive 2016/97/EU (the Insurance Distribution Directive)  where that customer would not qualify as a professional client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II. Consequently no key information document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 (as amended  the PRIIPs Regulation) for offering or selling the Securities or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the EEA has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Securities or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the EEA may be unlawful under the PRIIPs Regulation. UK PRIIPs Regulation / Prohibition of sales to UK retail investors - The Securities are not intended to be offered  sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered  sold or otherwise made available to any retail investor in the United Kingdom (UK). For these purposes  a retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it forms part of domestic law of the UK by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (EUWA); or (ii) a customer within the meaning of the provisions of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 (FSMA) and any rules or regulations made under the FSMA to implement Directive (EU) 2016/97  where that customer would not qualify as a professional client  as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law of the UK by virtue of the EUWA. Consequently no key information document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 as it forms part of domestic law of the UK by virtue of the EUWA (the UK PRIIPs Regulation) for offering or selling the Securities or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the UK has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Securities or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the UK may be unlawful under the UK PRIIPs Regulation. The Joint Lead Managers do not accept any responsibility for any third party social  environmental and sustainability assessment of any Securities or makes any representation or warranty or assurance whether the Securities will meet any investor expectations or requirements regarding such ""green"" or similar labels. The Managers are not responsible for the monitoring of the use of proceeds for the Securities. No representation or assurance is given by the Joint Lead Managers as to the suitability or reliability of the Issuer's Green Finance Framework (as defined herein) or any opinion or certification of any third party made available in connection with an 5issue of Securities and any such opinion or certification is not a recommendation by any Joint Lead Manager to buy  sell or hold any such Securities. In the event any such Securities are listed or admitted to trading on a dedicated ""green"" or other equivalently-labelled segment of a stock exchange or securities market  no representation or assurance is given by the Managers that such listing or admission will be obtained or maintained for the lifetime of the Securities. The Issuer's exposure to Environmental  Social and Governance (ESG) risks  and the related management arrangements established to mitigate those risks has been assessed by several agencies  including Carbon Disclosure Project  Dutch Sustainable Brand Index  Ecovadis and MSCI  through environmental  social and governance ratings (ESG ratings). ESG ratings may vary amongst ESG ratings agencies as the methodologies used to determine ESG ratings may differ. The Issuer's ESG ratings are not necessarily indicative of its current or future operating or financial performance  or any future ability to service the Securities and are only current as of the dates on which they were initially issued. Prospective investors must determine for themselves the relevance of any such ESG ratings information contained in this Offering Circular or elsewhere in making an investment decision. Furthermore  ESG ratings shall not be deemed to be a recommendation by the Issuer or any other person to buy  sell or hold the Securities. Currently  the providers of such ESG ratings are not subject to any regulatory or other similar oversight in respect of their determination and award of ESG ratings. For more information regarding the evaluation methodologies used to determine ESG ratings  please refer to the relevant ratings agency's website (which website does not form a part of  nor is incorporated by reference in  this Offering Circular). The Securities may not be a suitable investment for all investors. Each potential investor in the Securities must determine the suitability of that investment in light of its own circumstances. In particular  each potential investor should: have sufficient knowledge and experience to make a meaningful evaluation of the Securities  the merits and risks of investing in the Securities and the information contained or incorporated by reference in this Offering Circular or any applicable supplement; have access to  and knowledge of  appropriate analytical tools to evaluate  in the context of its particular financial situation  an investment in the Securities and the impact the Securities will have on its overall investment portfolio; have sufficient financial resources and liquidity to bear all of the risks of an investment in the Securities  including where principal or interest is payable in one or more currencies  or where the currency for principal or interest payments is different from the potential investor's currency; understand thoroughly the terms of the Securities and be familiar with the behaviour of the relevant financial markets and of any financial variable which might have an impact on the return on the Securities; and be able to evaluate (either alone or with the help of a financial adviser) possible scenarios for economic  interest rate and other factors that may affect its investment and its ability to bear the applicable risks. The Securities are complex financial instruments and such instruments may be purchased by potential investors as a way to reduce risk or enhance yield with an understood  measured  appropriate addition of risk to their overall portfolios. A potential investor should not invest in the Securities unless it has the expertise (either alone or with a financial adviser) to evaluate how the Securities will perform under changing conditions  the resulting effects on the value of the Securities and the impact this investment will have on the potential investor's overall investment portfolio. 6Prospective investors should also consult their own tax advisers as to the tax consequences of the purchase  ownership and disposition of the Securities. The investment activities of certain investors are subject to legal investment laws and regulations  or review or regulation by certain authorities. Each potential investor should consult its legal advisers to determine whether and to what extent (1) the Securities are legal investments for it  the Securities can be used as collateral for various types of borrowing and (3) other restrictions apply to its purchase or pledge of any of the Securities. Financial institutions should consult their legal advisers or the appropriate regulators to determine the appropriate treatment of Securities under any applicable risk-based capital or similar rules. Unless otherwise specified or the context requires  references to €  EUR and euro are to the lawful currency introduced at the start of the third stage of European Economic and Monetary Union pursuant to the Treaty establishing the European Community and references to U.S.$  USD and dollars are to the lawful currency of the United States of America. References to the Issuer and KPN are to Koninklijke KPN N.V. and  as the context requires  any or all of its subsidiaries and consolidated joint ventures. Any forward looking statements contained in this Offering Circular speak only as at the date of this Offering Circular. Without prejudice to any requirements under applicable laws and regulations  the Issuer expressly disclaims any obligation or undertaking to disseminate after the date of this Offering Circular any updates or revisions to any forward looking statements contained herein to reflect any change in expectations thereof or any change in events  conditions or circumstances on which any such forward looking statement is based. In connection with the issue of the Securities  ING Bank N.V. (the Stabilisation Manager) (or any person acting on behalf of the Stabilisation Manager) may over-allot Securities or effect transactions with a view to supporting the market price of the Securities at a level higher than that which might otherwise prevail. However  stabilisation may not necessarily occur. Any stabilisation action may begin on or after the date on which adequate public disclosure of the terms of the offer of the Securities is made and  if begun  may cease at any time  but it must end no later than the earlier of 30 days after the issue date of the Securities and 60 days after the date of the allotment of the Securities. Any stabilisation action or over-allotment must be conducted by the Stabilisation Manager (or any person acting on behalf of the Stabilisation Manager) in accordance with all applicable laws and rules. 7DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE The following documents (together  the Documents Incorporated by Reference) which have previously been published or are published simultaneously with this Offering Circular and have been filed with Euronext Dublin shall be incorporated by reference in  and form part of  this Offering Circular: the articles of association of the Issuer (the Articles of Association ) which are available at https://ir.kpn.com/files/corporate_gov_docs/20180420_Koninklijke_KPN_NV_AoA.pd f ; the publicly available report on the Q1 2024 quarterly results of the Issuer published on 24 April 2024  (the Q1 2024 Results Press Release ) which is available at https://ir.kpn.com/files/doc_financials/2024/q1/KPN-Q1-2024-Press-release.pdf ; the publicly available audited consolidated annual financial statements of the Issuer for the financial year ended 31 December 2023 (prepared in accordance with International Financial Reporting Standards as adopted by the EU ( IFRS-EU ) and with Part 9 of Book 2 of the Dutch Civil Code) which appear on pages 105 to 172 (inclusive) of the KPN Integrated Annual Report 2023 (the 2023 Annual Report https://www.jaarverslag2023.kpn/downloads/KPN-IR-2023-Single-navigation.pdf and the independent auditor's report which appears on pages 188 to 194 (inclusive) of the 2023 Annual Report; the publicly available audited consolidated annual financial statements of the Issuer for the financial year ended 31 December 2022 (prepared in accordance with IFRS-EU and with Part 9 of Book 2 of the Dutch Civil Code) which appear on pages 104 to 166 (inclusive) of the KPN Integrated Annual Report 2022 (the 2022 Annual Report ) which is available at https://www.jaarverslag2022.kpn/downloads/KPN-IR-2022-Single- navigation.pdf and the independent auditor's report which appears on pages 176 to 185 (inclusive) of the 2022 Annual Report. The Issuer will provide  without charge  upon request of such person  a copy of any or all of the documents which are incorporated herein by reference. Requests for such documents should be directed to the Issuer at its registered office set out at the end of this Offering Circular. Copies of documents incorporated by reference in this Offering Circular can also be obtained from http://ir.kpn.com. In each case  unless stated otherwise  the entire document is incorporated by reference into this Offering Circular. Notwithstanding the foregoing  where the documents incorporated by reference themselves incorporate information by reference  such information does not form part of this Offering Circular. Potential investors should only rely on the information that is provided in this Offering Circular or incorporated by reference into this Offering Circular. No other documents or information  including the contents of KPN's website (https://www.kpn.com) or of websites accessible from hyperlinks on that website  form part of  or are incorporated by reference into  this Offering Circular. 8TABLE OF CONTENTS Page Documents Incorporated by Reference 8 Risk Factors 10 Overview 34 Terms and Conditions of the Securities 43 Summary of Provisions Relating to the Securities While in Global Form 73 Use of Proceeds 75 Description of the Issuer 79 Taxation 93 Subscription and Sale 97 General Information 101 9",neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,negative,0.01,0.29,0.7,True,English,"['Green Hybrid Securities', 'Royal KPN N', 'Circular KPN', 'Perpetual Fixed Rate Resettable Capital Securities', 'KONINKLIJKE KPN N.V.', 'first Mandatory Settlement Date', 'applicable Interest Payment Date', 'subsequent Interest Payment Date', 'public limited company', 'Reset Reference Rate', 'First Reset Date', 'First Call Date', 'Substantial Repurchase Event', 'Tax Deduction Event', 'Withholding Tax Event', 'relevant Reset Period', 'subsequent interest rate', 'Optional Interest Deferral', 'perpetual securities', 'first payment', 'Issue Date', 'Accounting Event', 'Rating Event', 'redemption date', 'Control Event', 'OFFERING CIRCULAR', 'corporate seat', 'Issue Price', 'principal amount', '5 percentage points', 'Interest Payments', 'outstanding Arrears', 'Redemption Amount', '4.875 per cent', '2.222 per cent', 'The Securities', 'new securities', 'whole Redemption', '2.792 per', '14 JUNE', 'Netherlands', 'Rotterdam', 'Issuer', '18 June', '18 September', 'annum', 'year', 'respect', 'Terms', 'Conditions', 'accordance', 'occurrence', 'Change', 'effect', 'discretion', 'part', 'amounts', 'time', 'accrued', 'unpaid', 'exercise', 'Make', 'addition', 'prices', 'Variation', 'consent', 'Holders', '99.682', '€']",2024-06-17,2024-06-18,marketscreener.com
42829,Euroclear,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/BARCLAYS-PLC-9583556/news/Barclays-Securities-due-May-2029-46988056/,Barclays : Securities due May 2029,(marketscreener.com)   Final Terms   PROHIBITION OF SALES TO EEA RETAIL INVESTORS - The Securities are not intended to be offered  sold or otherwise made available to  and should not be offered  sold or otherwise made available to  any retail investor in…,"Final Terms PROHIBITION OF SALES TO EEA RETAIL INVESTORS - The Securities are not intended to be offered  sold or otherwise made available to  and should not be offered  sold or otherwise made available to  any retail investor in the European Economic Area (""EEA""). For these purposes  a retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended  the ""MiFID II""); (ii) a customer within the meaning of Directive (EU) 2016/97  as amended  where that customer would not qualify as a professional client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of the MiFID II; or (iii) not a qualified investor as defined in Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 (as amended  the ""EU Prospectus Regulation""). Consequently  no key information document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 (as amended  the ""EU PRIIPs Regulation"") for offering or selling the Securities or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the EEA has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Securities or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the EEA may be unlawful under the EU PRIIPs Regulation. PROHIBITION OF SALES TO SWISS RETAIL INVESTORS - The Securities are not intended to be offered  sold or otherwise made available to and may not be offered  sold or otherwise made available to any retail investor in Switzerland. For these purposes a ""retail investor"" means a person who is not a professional or institutional client  as defined in article 4 para. 3  4 and 5 and article 5 para. 1 and 2 Swiss Federal Act on Financial Services (""FinSA"") of 15 June 2018  as amended. Consequently  no key information document required by FinSA for offering or selling the Securities or otherwise making them available to retail investors in Switzerland has been prepared and therefore  offering or selling the Securities or making them available to retail investors in Switzerland may be unlawful under FinSA. None of the Securities constitute a participation in a collective investment scheme within the meaning of the Swiss Act on Collective Investment Schemes (""CISA"") and are neither subject to the authorisation nor the supervision by the Swiss Financial Market Supervisory Authority FINMA (""FINMA"") and investors do not benefit from the specific investor protection provided under the CISA. [The Securities may not be publicly offered  directly or indirectly  in Switzerland within the meaning of FinSA and no application has or will be made to admit the Securities to trading on any trading venue (exchange or multilateral trading facility) in Switzerland. Neither the Base Prospectus  the Final Terms nor any other offering or marketing material relating to the Securities constitutes a prospectus pursuant to the FinSA  and neither the Base Prospectus  the Final Terms nor any other offering or marketing material relating to the Securities may be publicly distributed or otherwise made publicly available in Switzerland. Neither the Base Prospectus nor these Final Terms or any other offering or marketing material relating to the Securities constitute a prospectus pursuant to the FinSA  and such documents may not be publicly distributed or otherwise made publicly available in Switzerland  unless the requirements of FinSA for such public distribution are complied with. The Securities documented in these Final Terms are not being offered  sold or advertised  directly or indirectly  in Switzerland to retail clients (Privatkundinnen und -kunden) within the meaning of FinSA (""Retail Clients""). Neither these Final Terms nor any offering materials relating to the Securities may be available to Retail Clients in or from Switzerland. The offering of the Securities directly or indirectly  in Switzerland is only made by way of private placement by addressing the Securities (a) solely at investors classified as professional clients (professionelle Kunden) or institutional clients (institutionelle Kunden) within the meaning of FinSA (""Professional or Institutional Clients"")  (b) at fewer than 500 Retail Clients  and/or (c) at investors acquiring securities to the value of at least CHF 100 000. The Securities have not been  and will not be  at any time registered under the U.S. Securities Act of 1933  as amended (the ""Securities Act"")  or with any securities regulatory authority of any state or other jurisdiction of the United States. The Securities may not be offered or sold within the United States  or to  or for the account or benefit of  U.S. persons (as defined in Regulation S under the Securities Act (""Regulation S"")) (""U.S. persons"")  except in certain transactions exempt from the registration requirements of the Securities Act and applicable state securities laws. Trading in the Securities has not been approved by the U.S. Commodity Futures Trading Commission under the U.S. Commodity Exchange Act of 1936  as amended (the ""Commodity Exchange Act"")  and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder. The Securities are being offered and sold outside the United States to non-U.S. persons in reliance on Regulation S. BARCLAYS BANK PLC (Incorporated with limited liability in England and Wales) Legal Entity Identifier (LEI): G5GSEF7VJP5I7OUK5573 1USD 1 850 000 Securities due May 2028 pursuant to the Global Structured Securities Programme (the ""Tranche 1 Securities"") Issue Price: 100.00 per cent. The Securities are not intended to qualify as eligible debt securities for purposes of the minimum requirement for own funds and eligible liabilities (""MREL"") as set out under the Bank Recovery and Resolution Directive (EU) 2014/59)  as implemented in the UK (or local equivalent  for example TLAC). This document constitutes the final terms of the Securities (the ""Final Terms"") described herein for the purposes of Article 8 of the Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (as amended) and regulations made thereunder (as amended  the ""UK Prospectus Regulation"") and is prepared in connection with the Global Structured Securities Programme established by Barclays Bank PLC (the ""Issuer""). These Final Terms complete and should be read in conjunction with GSSP Preference Share Linked Base Prospectus which constitutes a base prospectus drawn up as separate documents (including the Registration Document dated 27 March 2024 and the Securities Note relating to the GSSP Preference Share Linked Base Prospectus dated 12 April 2024) for the purposes of Article 8(6) of the UK Prospectus Regulation (the ""Base Prospectus""). Full information on the Issuer and the offer of the Securities is only available on the basis of the combination of these Final Terms and the Base Prospectus. A summary of the individual issue of the Securities is annexed to these Final Terms. The Base Prospectus  and any supplements thereto  are available for viewing at https://www.home.barclays/investor-relations/fixed-income-investors/prospectus-and-documents/structured- securities-prospectuses/ and during normal business hours at the registered office of the Issuer and the specified office of the Issue and Paying Agent for the time being in London  and copies may be obtained from such office. These Securities are FinSA Exempt Securities as defined in the Base Prospectus. Words and expressions defined in the Base Prospectus and not defined in the Final Terms shall bear the same meanings when used herein. BARCLAYS Final Terms dated 22 May 2024 2PART A - CONTRACTUAL TERMS (a) Series number: Tranche number: Currency: Securities: Aggregate Nominal Amount as at the Issue Date: Tranche: Series: Specified Denomination: Minimum Tradable Amount: Calculation Amount: Issue Price: Issue Date: Scheduled Redemption Date: Preference Share linked Securities: Underlying Preference Share(s) and Underlying Preference Share Reference Asset(s): Final Valuation Date: Valuation Time: Additional Disruption Event: Change in Law: Currency Disruption Event: Extraordinary Market Disruption: Optional Additional Adjustment Event(s): Insolvency Filing: Insolvency: Preference Share AdjustmentEvent: Form of Securities: NX00399973 1 U.S. Dollar (""USD"") USD 1 850 000.00 USD 1 850 000.00 USD 1 000.00 USD 1 000.00 USD 1 000.00 100% of par. 22 May 2024 22 May 2028 Underlying Preference Share: 1 Preference Share linked to FTSE 100 INDEX  S&P 500 Index and EURO STOXX 50® Index (the ""Underlying Preference Share Reference Assets"") issued by Teal Investments Limited (Class number: PEISC696) 15 May 2028  subject as specified in General Condition 5.3 (Relevant defined terms) As specified in General Condition 5.3 (Relevant defined terms) Applicable as per General Condition 22.1 (Definitions) Applicable as per General Condition 22.1 (Definitions) Applicable as per General Condition 22.1 (Definitions) Applicable as per General Condition 22.1 (Definitions) Applicable Applicable Applicable Global Bearer Securities: Permanent Global Security TEFRA: Not Applicable NGN Form: Not Applicable Held under the NSS: Not Applicable CGN Form: Applicable CDIs: Not Applicable 3Trade Date: 871(m) Securities (i) Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail Investors: (ii) Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors: Early Cash Settlement Date: Early Redemption Notice Period Number: Business Day: Determination Agent: Registrar: CREST Agent: Transfer Agent: (a) Names of Manager:(b) Date of underwriting agreement: Relevant Benchmarks: 4 15 May 2024 The Issuer has determined that the Securities (without regard to any other transactions) should not be subject to U.S. withholding tax under Section 871(m) of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986  as amended  and regulations promulgated thereunder. Not Applicable Applicable - see the cover page of these Final Terms As specified in General Condition 22.1 (Definitions) For the purposes of a Preference Share Termination Event pursuant to General Condition 6 which includes  but is not limited to  the occurrence of an autocall event in respect of the Underlying Preference Share  the Securities will be redeemed on the applicable Early Cash Settlement Date. The Early Cash Settlement Date(s) corresponding to the relevant Early Cash Settlement Valuation Date(s) are set out in the table below: Early Cash Early Cash Settlement Settlement Date(s) Valuation Date(s) 15 May 2025 22 May 2025 15 August 2025 22 August 2025 17 November 2025 24 November 2025 17 February 2026 24 February 2026 15 May 2026 22 May 2026 17 August 2026 24 August 2026 16 November 2026 23 November 2026 16 February 2027 23 February 2027 17 May 2027 24 May 2027 16 August 2027 23 August 2027 15 November 2027 22 November 2027 15 February 2028 23 February 2028 Applicable as per General Condition 22.1 (Definitions) As defined in General Condition 22.1 (Definitions) Barclays Bank PLC Not Applicable Not Applicable Not Applicable Barclays Bank PLC Not Applicable Amounts payable under the Securities may be calculated by reference to FTSE 100 INDEX which is provided by FTSE International Limited (the""Administrator""). As at the date of these Final Terms  the Administrator appears on the register of administrators and benchmarks established and maintained by the Financial Conduct Authority (""FCA"") pursuant to article 36 of the Benchmarks Regulation (Regulation (EU) 2016/1011) as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the European (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (as amended) (as amended  the ""UK Benchmarks Regulation""). Amounts payable under the Securities may be calculated by reference to S&P 500 Index which is provided by S&P Dow Jones Indices LLC (the ""Administrator""). As at the date of these Final Terms  the Administrator does not appear on the register of administrators and benchmarks established and maintained by the Financial Conduct Authority (""FCA"") pursuant to article 36 of the Benchmarks Regulation (Regulation (EU) 2016/1011) as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the European (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (as amended) (as amended  the ""UK Benchmarks Regulation""). As far as the Issuer is aware the transitional provisions in Article 51 of the UK Benchmarks Regulation apply  such that S&P Dow Jones Indices LLC is not currently required to obtain authorisation or registration (or  if located outside the United Kingdom  recognition  endorsement or equivalence). Amounts payable under the Securities may be calculated by reference to EURO STOXX 50® Index which is provided by STOXX Limited (the ""Administrator""). As at the date of these Final Terms  the Administrator does not appear on the register of administrators and benchmarks established and maintained by the Financial Conduct Authority (""FCA"") pursuant to article 36 of the Benchmarks Regulation (Regulation (EU) 2016/1011) as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the European (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (as amended) (as amended  the ""UK Benchmarks Regulation""). As far as the Issuer is aware the transitional provisions in Article 51 of the UK Benchmarks Regulation apply  such that STOXX Limited is not currently required to obtain authorisation or registration (or  if located outside the United Kingdom  recognition  endorsement or equivalence). 5PART B - OTHER INFORMATION 1. LISTING AND ADMISSION TO TRADING (a) Listing and Admission to Trading: Application will be made by the Issuer (or on its behalf) for the Securities to be listed on the Official List and admitted to trading on the Regulated Market of the London Stock Exchange on or around the Issue Date. (b) Estimate of total expenses related GBP 395.00 to admission to trading: (c) Name and address of the entities Not Applicable which have a firm commitment to act as intermediaries in secondary trading  providing liquidity through bid and offer rates and a description of the main terms of their commitment: 2. RATINGS Ratings: The Securities have not been individually rated. INTERESTS OF NATURAL AND LEGAL PERSONS INVOLVED IN THE ISSUESave for any fees payable to the Manager and save for any trading and market-making activities of the Issuer and/or its affiliates in the Underlying Preference Share and/or the Underlying Preference Share Reference Assets  the hedging activities of the Issuer and/or its affiliates and the fact that the Issuer/an affiliate of the Issuer is the Determination Agent in respect of the Securities and the determination agent in respect of the Underlying Preference Share  so far as the Issuer is aware  no person involved in the offer of the Securities has an interest material to the issue. REASONS FOR THE OFFER  ESTIMATED NET PROCEEDS AND TOTAL EXPENSES (a) Reasons for the offer: Making profit and/or hedging purposes (b) Use of Proceeds: Not Applicable (c) Estimated net proceeds: Not Applicable (d) Estimated total expenses: Not Applicable PERFORMANCE OF THE UNDERLYING PREFERENCE SHARE AND OTHER INFORMATION CONCERNING THE UNDERLYING PREFERENCE SHAREThe value of the Securities will depend upon the performance of the Underlying Preference Share.The Preference Share Value in respect of each Underlying Preference Share will be published on each Business Day at https://barxis.barcap.com/GB/1/en/home.app .Details of the past performance and volatility of the Underlying Preference Share Reference Assets may be obtained from Bloomberg Screen: UKX in respect of FTSE 100 INDEX  SPX in respect of S&P 500 Index and SX5E in respect of EURO STOXX 50 ® Index.See also the Annex - ""ADDITIONAL PROVISIONS NOT REQUIRED BY THE SECURITIES NOTE RELATING TO THE UNDERLYING"" POST ISSUANCE INFORMATIONThe Issuer will not provide any post-issuance information with respect to the Underlying Preference Share(s)  unless required to do so by applicable law or regulation. OPERATIONAL INFORMATION 6(a) ISIN Code: XS2772506759 (b) Common Code: 277250675 (c) Name(s) and address(es) of any clearing Not Applicable system(s) other than Euroclear Bank S.A./N.V. and Clearstream Banking  société anonyme  and the relevant identification number(s): (d) Delivery: Delivery free of payment (e) Intended to be held in a manner which No since unsecured debt instruments issued by credit would allow Eurosystem eligibility: institutions established outside the European Union are not Eurosystem eligible. (f) Green Structured Securities: No (g) Green Index Linked Securities: No 7SUMMARY INTRODUCTION AND WARNINGS The Summary should be read as an introduction to the Prospectus. Any decision to invest in the Securities should be based on consideration of the Prospectus as a whole by the investor. In certain circumstances  the investor could lose all or part of the invested capital. Where a claim relating to the information contained in the Prospectus is brought before a court  the plaintiff investor might  under the national law  have to bear the costs of translating the Prospectus before the legal proceedings are initiated. Civil liability attaches only to those persons who have tabled the Summary  including any translation thereof  but only where the Summary is misleading  inaccurate or inconsistent when read together with the other parts of the Prospectus or it does not provide  when read together with the other parts of the Prospectus  key information in order to aid investors when considering whether to invest in the Securities. You are about to purchase a product that is not simple and may be difficult to understand. Securities: USD 1 850 000.00 Securities due 22 May 2028 pursuant to the Global Structured Securities Programme (ISIN: XS2772506759) (the ""Securities""). The Issuer: The Issuer is Barclays Bank PLC. Its registered office is at 1 Churchill Place  London  E14 5HP  United Kingdom (telephone number: +44 (0)20 7116 1000) and its Legal Entity Identifier (""LEI"") is G5GSEF7VJP5I7OUK5573. The Authorised Offeror: Not Applicable Competent authority: The Base Prospectus was approved on 12 April 2024 by the United Kingdom Financial Conduct Authority of 12 Endeavour Square  London  E20 1JN  United Kingdom (telephone number: +44 (0)20 7066 1000). KEY INFORMATION ON THE ISSUER Who is the Issuer of the Securities? Domicile and legal form of the Issuer: Barclays Bank PLC (the ""Issuer"") is a public limited company registered in England and Wales under number 1026167. The liability of the members of the Issuer is limited. It has its registered and head office at 1 Churchill Place  London  E14 5HP  United Kingdom (telephone number +44 (0)20 7116 1000). The Legal Entity Identifier (LEI) of the Issuer is G5GSEF7VJP5I7OUK5573. Principal activities of the Issuer: Barclays is a diversified bank with five operating divisions comprising: Barclays UK  Barclays UK Corporate Bank  Barclays Private Bank and Wealth Management  Barclays Investment Bank and Barclays US Consumer Bank  supported by Barclays Execution Services Limited  the Group-wide service company providing technology  operations and functional services to business across the Group. The Group comprises of Barclays PLC together with its subsidiaries  including the Issuer. The Issuer's principal activity is to offer products and services designed for larger corporate  private bank and wealth management  wholesale and international banking clients. The term the ""Group"" mean Barclays PLC together with its subsidiaries and the term ""Barclays Bank Group"" means Barclays Bank PLC together with its subsidiaries. Major shareholders of the Issuer: The whole of the issued ordinary share capital of the Issuer is beneficially owned by Barclays PLC. Barclays PLC is the ultimate holding company of the Group. Identity of the key managing directors of the Issuer: The key managing directors of the Issuer are C. S. Venkatakrishnan (Chief Executive and Executive Director) and Anna Cross (Executive Director). Identity of the statutory auditors of the Issuer: The statutory auditors of the Issuer are KPMG LLP (""KPMG"")  chartered accountants and registered auditors (a member of the Institute of Chartered Accountants in England and Wales)  of 15 Canada Square  London E14 5GL  United Kingdom. What is the key financial information regarding the Issuer? The Issuer has derived the selected consolidated financial information included in the table below for the years ended 31 December 2022 and 31 December 2021 from the annual consolidated financial statements of the Issuer for the years ended 31 December 2022 and 2021 (the ""Financial Statements"")  which have each been audited with an unmodified opinion provided by KPMG. The selected financial information included in the table below for the six months ended 30 June 2023 and 30 June 2022 was derived from the unaudited condensed consolidated interim financial statements of the Issuer in respect of the six months ended 30 June 2023 (the ""Interim Results Announcement""). Certain of the comparative financial metrics included in the table below for the six months ended 30 June 2022 were restated in the Interim Results Announcement. Consolidated Income Statement As at 31 December 12023 2022 (£m) Net interest income 6 653 5 398 Net fee and commission income 5 461 5 426 Credit impairment charges / (releases) (1 578) (933) Net trading income 5 980 7 624 Profit before tax 4 223 4 867 Profit after tax 3 561 4 382 Consolidated Balance Sheet As at 31 December 2023 2022 (£m) Total assets 1 185 166 1 203 537 Debt securities in issue 45 653 60 012 Subordinated liabilities 35 903 38 253 Loans and advances  debt securities at amortised cost 185 247 182 507 Deposits at amortised cost 301 798 291 579 Total equity 60 504 58 953 Certain Ratios from the Financial Statements As at 31 December 2023 2022 (%) Common Equity Tier 1 capital 12.1 12.7 Total regulatory capital 19.2 20.8 UK leverage ratio (BBPLC sub-consolidated)12 6.0 - 1 No comparatives are provided for leverage as this is the first reporting year for Barclays Bank PLC sub- consolidated. 2 Although the leverage ratio is expressed in terms of T1 capital  the countercyclical leverage ratio buffer (CCLB) and 75% of the minimum requirement must be covered solely with CET1 capital. The CET1 capital held against the 0.2% CCLB was £1.8bn. What are the key risks that are specific to the Issuer? The Barclays Bank Group has identified a broad range of risks to which its businesses are exposed. Material risks are those to which senior management pay particular attention and which could cause the delivery of the Barclays Bank Group's strategy  results of operations  financial condition and/or prospects to differ materially from expectations. Emerging risks are those which have unknown components  the impact of which could crystallise over a longer time period. In addition  certain other factors beyond the Barclays Bank Group's control  including escalation of global conflicts  acts of terrorism  natural disasters  pandemics and similar events  although not detailed below  could have a similar impact on the Barclays Bank Group. • Material existing and emerging risks potentially impacting more than one principal risk: In addition to material and emerging risks impacting the principal risks set out below  there are also material existing and emerging risks that potentially impact more than one of these principal risks. These risks are: (i) potentially unfavourable global and local economic and market conditions  as well as geopolitical developments; (ii) the impact of interest rate changes on the Barclays Bank Group's profitability; (iii) the competitive environments of the banking and financial services industry; (iv) the regulatory change agenda and impact on business model; (v) the impact of benchmark interest rate reforms on the Barclays Bank Group; and (vi) change delivery and execution risks. • Climate risk: Climate risk is the impact on financial (credit  market  treasury and capital) and operational risks arising from climate change through physical risks and risks associated with transitioning to a lower carbon economy. • Credit and Market risks: Credit risk is the risk of loss to the Barclays Bank Group from the failure of clients  customers or counterparties  to fully honour their obligations to members of the Barclays Bank Group. The Barclays Bank Group is subject to risks arising from changes in credit quality and recovery rates for loans and advances due from borrowers and counterparties. 2",neutral,0.01,0.98,0.01,negative,0.01,0.13,0.87,True,English,"['Barclays', 'Securities', 'U.S. Commodity Futures Trading Commission', 'Swiss Financial Market Supervisory Authority', 'U.S. Commodity Exchange Act', 'applicable state securities laws', 'U.S. Securities Act', 'U.S. persons', '2 Swiss Federal Act', 'European Economic Area', 'key information document', 'collective investment scheme', 'multilateral trading facility', 'securities regulatory authority', 'specific investor protection', 'SWISS RETAIL INVESTORS', 'EU PRIIPs Regulation', 'Swiss Act', 'EU Prospectus Regulation', 'Regulation S', 'EEA RETAIL INVESTORS', 'Financial Services', 'trading venue', 'qualified investor', 'retail client', 'Final Terms', 'MiFID II', 'institutional client', 'marketing material', 'public distribution', 'private placement', 'professionelle Kunden', 'institutionelle Kunden', 'other jurisdiction', 'United States', 'Base Prospectus', 'other offering', 'offering materials', 'The Securities', 'Directive 2014/65/EU', 'professional client', 'registration requirements', 'PROHIBITION', 'SALES', 'purposes', 'point', 'Article', 'customer', 'meaning', 'Switzerland', 'FinSA', '15 June', 'None', 'participation', 'CISA', 'authorisation', 'supervision', 'FINMA', 'application', 'documents', 'Privatkundinnen', 'way', 'fewer', 'value', 'CHF', 'time', 'account', 'benefit', 'transactions', 'rules', 'regulations']",2024-06-17,2024-06-18,marketscreener.com
42830,Clearstream,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/ROYAL-KPN-N-V-6287/news/Royal-KPN-N-Offering-Circular-KPN-500m-4-875-Green-Hybrid-Securities-XS2824778075-46986882/,Royal KPN N : Offering Circular KPN 500m 4.875% Green Hybrid Securities (XS2824778075),(marketscreener.com)   OFFERING CIRCULAR DATED 14 JUNE 2024   KONINKLIJKE KPN N.V.   (Incorporated in the Netherlands as a public limited company   with its corporate seat in Rotterdam  the Netherlands)   €500 000 000 Perpetual Fixed Rate Resett…,"OFFERING CIRCULAR DATED 14 JUNE 2024 KONINKLIJKE KPN N.V. (Incorporated in the Netherlands as a public limited company with its corporate seat in Rotterdam  the Netherlands) €500 000 000 Perpetual Fixed Rate Resettable Capital Securities ______________________________________ Issue Price: 99.682 per cent. ______________________________________ The €500 000 000 Perpetual Fixed Rate Resettable Capital Securities (the Securities) will be issued by Koninklijke KPN N.V. (the Issuer) on 18 June 2024 (the Issue Date). The Securities will bear interest on their principal amount from (and including) the Issue Date to (but excluding) 18 September 2029 (the First Reset Date) at a rate of 4.875 per cent. per annum  payable annually in arrear on 18 September in each year  except that the first payment of interest  to be made on 18 September 2024  will be in respect of the period from (and including) the Issue Date to (but excluding) 18 September 2024 and will amount to €12.25 per €1 000 in principal amount of the Securities. Thereafter  unless previously redeemed  the Securities will bear interest from (and including) 18 September 2029 to (but excluding) 18 September 2034 at a rate per annum which shall be 1.972 per cent. above the Reset Reference Rate (as defined in the Terms and Conditions of the Securities (the Conditions)) for the relevant Reset Period (as defined in the Conditions)  payable annually in arrear on 18 September in each year. From (and including) 18 September 2034 to (but excluding) 18 September 2049 the Securities will bear interest at a rate per annum which shall be 2.222 per cent. above the Reset Reference Rate for the relevant Reset Period  payable annually in arrear on 18 September in each year. From (and including) 18 September 2049 the Securities will bear interest at a rate per annum which shall be 2.792 per cent. above the Reset Reference Rate for the relevant Reset Period payable annually in arrear on 18 September in each year  all as more particularly described in ""Terms and Conditions of the Securities - Interest Payments"". If the Issuer does not elect to redeem the Securities in accordance with Condition 6(g) following the occurrence of a Change of Control Event (as defined in the Conditions)  the then prevailing interest rate per annum (and each subsequent interest rate per annum otherwise determined in accordance with the Conditions) shall be increased by 5 percentage points per annum with effect from (and including) the date on which the Change of Control Event occurred  see ""Terms and Conditions of the Securities - Interest Payments - Step-up after Change of Control"". The Issuer may  at its discretion  elect to defer all or part of any payment of interest on the Securities as more particularly described in ""Terms and Conditions of the Securities - Optional Interest Deferral"". Any amounts so deferred  together with further interest accrued thereon (at the interest rate per annum prevailing from time to time)  shall constitute Arrears of Interest (as defined in the Conditions). The Issuer may pay outstanding Arrears of Interest  in whole or in part  at any time in accordance with the Conditions. Notwithstanding this  the Issuer shall pay any outstanding Arrears of Interest  in whole but not in part  on the first Mandatory Settlement Date  all as more particularly described in ""Terms and Conditions of the Securities - Optional Interest Deferral - Mandatory Settlement"". The Securities will be perpetual securities in respect of which there is no fixed redemption date and shall be redeemable (at the option of the Issuer) in whole but not in part at any time from (and including) 18 June 2029 (the First Call Date) to (and including) the First Reset Date  and thereafter  on each applicable Interest Payment Date (as defined in the Conditions)  at the principal amount of the Securities  together with any accrued and unpaid interest up to (but excluding) such date and any outstanding Arrears of Interest. Following the exercise by the Issuer at any time other than during the period from (and including) the First Call Date to (and including) the First Reset Date or upon any subsequent Interest Payment Date  of the Make-whole Redemption  the Securities may be redeemed  in whole but not in part  at their Make-wholeRedemption Amount (as defined in the Conditions). In addition  upon the occurrence of an Accounting Event  a Change of Control Event  a Rating Event  a Substantial Repurchase Event  a Tax Deduction Event or a Withholding Tax Event by the Issuer (each such term as defined in the Conditions)  the Securities shall be redeemable (at the option of the Issuer) in whole but not in part at the prices set out  and as more particularly described  in ""Terms and Conditions of the Securities - Redemption  Exchange and Variation"". In addition  subject to certain conditions  the Issuer may exchange the Securities for new securities or vary the terms of the Securities without any consent of the Holders upon the occurrence of a Tax Deduction Event  an Accounting Event  a Rating Event or a Withholding Tax Event as more particularly described in ""Terms and Conditions of the Securities - Redemption  Exchange and Variation"". The Securities will be unsecured securities of the Issuer and will constitute subordinated obligations of the Issuer  all as more particularly described in ""Terms and Conditions of the Securities - Status""  and ""Terms and Conditions of the Securities - Subordination"". Payments in respect of the Securities shall be made free and clear of  and without withholding or deduction for  or on account of  taxes of the Netherlands  unless such withholding or deduction is required by law. In the event that any such withholding or deduction is made  additional amounts may be payable by the Issuer  subject to certain exceptions as are more fully described in ""Terms and Conditions of the Securities - Taxation"". This Offering Circular does not comprise a prospectus for the purposes of Article 8 of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 (the Prospectus Regulation). Application has been made to The Irish Stock Exchange plc trading as Euronext Dublin (Euronext Dublin) for the approval of this Offering Circular as Listing Particulars. Application has been made to Euronext Dublin for the Securities to be admitted to the official list (the Official List) and to trading on the Global Exchange Market of Euronext Dublin (GEM). References in this Offering Circular to the Securities being ""listed"" (and all related references) shall mean that the Securities have been admitted to the Official List and have been admitted to trading on GEM. GEM is the exchange regulated market of Euronext Dublin and is not a regulated market in the EEA for the purposes of Directive 2014/65/EU. The Securities have not been and will not be registered under the Securities Act of 1933  as amended (the Securities Act) or under any securities laws of any state or other jurisdiction of the United States and are subject to U.S. tax law requirements. The Securities may not be offered  sold  transferred or delivered  directly or indirectly  within the United States or to  or for the account or benefit of  U.S. persons except pursuant to an applicable exemption from  or in a transaction not subject to  the registration requirements of the Securities Act and applicable state and other securities laws of the United States. There will be no public offer of the Securities in the United States. The Securities are being offered and sold in offshore transactions in compliance with Regulation S under the Securities Act (Regulation S). The Securities will initially be represented by a temporary global security (the Temporary Global Security)  without coupons or talons  which will be deposited with a common depositary on behalf of Euroclear Bank SA/NV (Euroclear) and Clearstream Banking  S.A. (Clearstream  Luxembourg) on or about the Issue Date. The Temporary Global Security will be exchangeable for interests in a permanent global security (the Permanent Global Security and  together with the Temporary Global Security  the Global Securities)  without coupons or talons  on or after a date which is expected to be 28 July 2024  upon certification as to non-U.S. beneficial ownership. See ""Summary of Provisions relating to the Securities while in Global Form"". The Securities are expected to be rated BB+ by S&P Global Ratings Europe Limited (S&P) and BB+ by Fitch Ratings Ireland Ltd. (Fitch) (each a Rating Agency). Each of S&P and Fitch is established in the European Union and is registered under Regulation (EC) No. 1060/2009 (as amended) of the European Parliament and of the Council of 16 September 2009 on credit rating agencies (the CRA Regulation). A rating is not a recommendation to buy  sell or hold securities and may be subject to suspension  reduction or withdrawal at any time by the assigning rating agency. The determination of the Reset Reference Rate in respect of the Securities is dependent upon the mid-swap rate for euro interest rate swaps with a term of 5 (five) years as displayed on Reuters screen ""ICESWAP2"" as at 11:00 a.m. (Central European time) provided by ICE Benchmark Administration Limited and the 6- month EURIBOR rate administered by the European Money Markets Institute. As at the date of this Offering Circular  the European Money Markets Institute is included in the register of administrators and benchmarks established and maintained by the European Securities and Markets Authority (ESMA) pursuant to Article 36 of Regulation (EU) No 2016/1011  as amended (the EU Benchmarks Regulation).ICE Benchmark Administration Limited does not appear on the register of administrators and benchmarks established and maintained by ESMA pursuant to Article 36 of the Benchmarks Regulation. However  the transitional provisions in Article 51 of the Benchmarks Regulation apply  such that ICE Benchmark Administration Limited is not currently required to obtain recognition  endorsement or equivalence. Prospective investors should have regard to the factors described under the section headed ""Risk Factors"" in this Offering Circular. Joint Lead Managers ABN AMRO BNP PARIBAS Goldman Sachs Bank Europe SE ING IMI - Intesa SanpaoloThe Issuer accepts responsibility for the information contained in this Offering Circular. To the best of the knowledge of the Issuer (which has taken all reasonable care to ensure that such is the case)  the information contained in this Offering Circular is in accordance with the facts and does not omit anything likely to affect the import of such information. This Offering Circular is to be read in conjunction with all the documents which are incorporated herein by reference (see ""Documents Incorporated by Reference""). This Offering Circular does not constitute an offer of  or an invitation by or on behalf of the Issuer or the Joint Lead Managers (as defined in ""Subscription and Sale"" below) to subscribe or purchase  any of the Securities. The distribution of this Offering Circular and the offering of the Securities in certain jurisdictions may be restricted by law. Persons into whose possession this Offering Circular comes are required by the Issuer and the Joint Lead Managers to inform themselves about and to observe any such restrictions. For a description of further restrictions on offers and sales of Securities and distribution of this Offering Circular  see ""Subscription and Sale"" below. No person is authorised to give any information or to make any representation not contained in this Offering Circular and any information or representation not so contained must not be relied upon as having been authorised by or on behalf of the Issuer or the Joint Lead Managers. Neither the delivery of this Offering Circular nor any sale made in connection herewith shall  under any circumstances  create any implication that there has been no change in the affairs of the Issuer since the date hereof or the date upon which this Offering Circular has been most recently amended or supplemented or that there has been no adverse change in the financial position of the Issuer since the date hereof or the date upon which this Offering Circular has been most recently amended or supplemented or that the information contained in it or any other information supplied in connection with the Securities is correct as of any time subsequent to the date on which it is supplied or  if different  the date indicated in the document containing the same. To the greatest extent permitted by law  the Joint Lead Managers  the Agents and the Trustee accept no responsibility whatsoever for the contents of this Offering Circular or for any other statement  made or purported to be made by a Joint Lead Manager  the Agents or the Trustee or on its behalf in connection with the Issuer or the issue and offering of the Securities. Each of the Joint Lead Managers  the Agents and the Trustee accordingly disclaims all and any liability whether arising in tort or contract or otherwise (save as referred to above) which it might otherwise have in respect of this Offering Circular or any such statement. THE SECURITIES REFERENCED IN THIS DOCUMENT MAY NOT BE DISTRIBUTED IN OR INTO THE UNITED STATES OR JAPAN. ANY FORWARDING  REDISTRIBUTION OR REPRODUCTION OF THIS DOCUMENT IN WHOLE OR IN PART IS UNAUTHORISED. FAILURE TO COMPLY WITH THIS NOTICE MAY RESULT IN A VIOLATION OF THE SECURITIES ACT OR THE APPLICABLE LAWS OF OTHER JURISDICTIONS. NOTHING IN THIS OFFERING CIRCULAR CONSTITUTES AN OFFER OF SECURITIES FOR SALE IN THE UNITED STATES OR JAPAN OR ANY OTHER JURISDICTION WHERE IT IS UNLAWFUL TO DO SO. THE SECURITIES HAVE NOT BEEN AND WILL NOT BE REGISTERED UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OR WITH ANY SECURITIES REGULATORY AUTHORITY OF ANY STATE OR OTHER JURISDICTION OF THE UNITED STATES OR IN ANY OTHER JURISDICTION AND MAY NOT BE OFFERED  SOLD  PLEDGED OR OTHERWISE TRANSFERRED EXCEPT (1) IN THE UNITED STATES EXCEPT IN ACCORDANCE WITH AN APPLICABLE EXEMPTION FROM THE REGISTRATION REQUIREMENTS OF THE SECURITIES ACT OR (2) IN AN OFFSHORE TRANSACTION IN ACCORDANCE WITH RULE 903 OR RULE 904 OF REGULATION S 4UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT  IN EACH CASE IN ACCORDANCE WITH ANY APPLICABLE SECURITIES LAWS OF ANY STATE OF THE UNITED STATES OR PURSUANT TO AN EXEMPTION FROM  OR IN A TRANSACTION NOT SUBJECT TO  THE REGISTRATION REQUIREMENTS OF THE SECURITIES ACT AND APPLICABLE STATE OR LOCAL SECURITIES LAWS. MIFID II product governance / Professional investors and ECPs only target market - Solely for the purposes of each manufacturer's product approval process  the target market assessment in respect of the Securities has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the Securities is eligible counterparties and professional clients only  each as defined in Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended  MiFID II); and (ii) all channels for distribution of the Securities to eligible counterparties and professional clients are appropriate. Any person subsequently offering  selling or recommending the Securities (a distributor) should take into consideration the manufacturers' target market assessment; however  a distributor subject to MiFID II is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Securities (by either adopting or refining the manufacturers' target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels. PRIIPs Regulation / Prohibition of sales to EEA retail investors - The Securities are not intended to be offered  sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered  sold or otherwise made available to any retail investor in the European Economic Area (EEA). For these purposes  a retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or (ii) a customer within the meaning of Directive 2016/97/EU (the Insurance Distribution Directive)  where that customer would not qualify as a professional client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II. Consequently no key information document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 (as amended  the PRIIPs Regulation) for offering or selling the Securities or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the EEA has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Securities or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the EEA may be unlawful under the PRIIPs Regulation. UK PRIIPs Regulation / Prohibition of sales to UK retail investors - The Securities are not intended to be offered  sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered  sold or otherwise made available to any retail investor in the United Kingdom (UK). For these purposes  a retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it forms part of domestic law of the UK by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (EUWA); or (ii) a customer within the meaning of the provisions of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 (FSMA) and any rules or regulations made under the FSMA to implement Directive (EU) 2016/97  where that customer would not qualify as a professional client  as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law of the UK by virtue of the EUWA. Consequently no key information document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 as it forms part of domestic law of the UK by virtue of the EUWA (the UK PRIIPs Regulation) for offering or selling the Securities or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the UK has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Securities or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the UK may be unlawful under the UK PRIIPs Regulation. The Joint Lead Managers do not accept any responsibility for any third party social  environmental and sustainability assessment of any Securities or makes any representation or warranty or assurance whether the Securities will meet any investor expectations or requirements regarding such ""green"" or similar labels. The Managers are not responsible for the monitoring of the use of proceeds for the Securities. No representation or assurance is given by the Joint Lead Managers as to the suitability or reliability of the Issuer's Green Finance Framework (as defined herein) or any opinion or certification of any third party made available in connection with an 5issue of Securities and any such opinion or certification is not a recommendation by any Joint Lead Manager to buy  sell or hold any such Securities. In the event any such Securities are listed or admitted to trading on a dedicated ""green"" or other equivalently-labelled segment of a stock exchange or securities market  no representation or assurance is given by the Managers that such listing or admission will be obtained or maintained for the lifetime of the Securities. The Issuer's exposure to Environmental  Social and Governance (ESG) risks  and the related management arrangements established to mitigate those risks has been assessed by several agencies  including Carbon Disclosure Project  Dutch Sustainable Brand Index  Ecovadis and MSCI  through environmental  social and governance ratings (ESG ratings). ESG ratings may vary amongst ESG ratings agencies as the methodologies used to determine ESG ratings may differ. The Issuer's ESG ratings are not necessarily indicative of its current or future operating or financial performance  or any future ability to service the Securities and are only current as of the dates on which they were initially issued. Prospective investors must determine for themselves the relevance of any such ESG ratings information contained in this Offering Circular or elsewhere in making an investment decision. Furthermore  ESG ratings shall not be deemed to be a recommendation by the Issuer or any other person to buy  sell or hold the Securities. Currently  the providers of such ESG ratings are not subject to any regulatory or other similar oversight in respect of their determination and award of ESG ratings. For more information regarding the evaluation methodologies used to determine ESG ratings  please refer to the relevant ratings agency's website (which website does not form a part of  nor is incorporated by reference in  this Offering Circular). The Securities may not be a suitable investment for all investors. Each potential investor in the Securities must determine the suitability of that investment in light of its own circumstances. In particular  each potential investor should: have sufficient knowledge and experience to make a meaningful evaluation of the Securities  the merits and risks of investing in the Securities and the information contained or incorporated by reference in this Offering Circular or any applicable supplement; have access to  and knowledge of  appropriate analytical tools to evaluate  in the context of its particular financial situation  an investment in the Securities and the impact the Securities will have on its overall investment portfolio; have sufficient financial resources and liquidity to bear all of the risks of an investment in the Securities  including where principal or interest is payable in one or more currencies  or where the currency for principal or interest payments is different from the potential investor's currency; understand thoroughly the terms of the Securities and be familiar with the behaviour of the relevant financial markets and of any financial variable which might have an impact on the return on the Securities; and be able to evaluate (either alone or with the help of a financial adviser) possible scenarios for economic  interest rate and other factors that may affect its investment and its ability to bear the applicable risks. The Securities are complex financial instruments and such instruments may be purchased by potential investors as a way to reduce risk or enhance yield with an understood  measured  appropriate addition of risk to their overall portfolios. A potential investor should not invest in the Securities unless it has the expertise (either alone or with a financial adviser) to evaluate how the Securities will perform under changing conditions  the resulting effects on the value of the Securities and the impact this investment will have on the potential investor's overall investment portfolio. 6Prospective investors should also consult their own tax advisers as to the tax consequences of the purchase  ownership and disposition of the Securities. The investment activities of certain investors are subject to legal investment laws and regulations  or review or regulation by certain authorities. Each potential investor should consult its legal advisers to determine whether and to what extent (1) the Securities are legal investments for it  the Securities can be used as collateral for various types of borrowing and (3) other restrictions apply to its purchase or pledge of any of the Securities. Financial institutions should consult their legal advisers or the appropriate regulators to determine the appropriate treatment of Securities under any applicable risk-based capital or similar rules. Unless otherwise specified or the context requires  references to €  EUR and euro are to the lawful currency introduced at the start of the third stage of European Economic and Monetary Union pursuant to the Treaty establishing the European Community and references to U.S.$  USD and dollars are to the lawful currency of the United States of America. References to the Issuer and KPN are to Koninklijke KPN N.V. and  as the context requires  any or all of its subsidiaries and consolidated joint ventures. Any forward looking statements contained in this Offering Circular speak only as at the date of this Offering Circular. Without prejudice to any requirements under applicable laws and regulations  the Issuer expressly disclaims any obligation or undertaking to disseminate after the date of this Offering Circular any updates or revisions to any forward looking statements contained herein to reflect any change in expectations thereof or any change in events  conditions or circumstances on which any such forward looking statement is based. In connection with the issue of the Securities  ING Bank N.V. (the Stabilisation Manager) (or any person acting on behalf of the Stabilisation Manager) may over-allot Securities or effect transactions with a view to supporting the market price of the Securities at a level higher than that which might otherwise prevail. However  stabilisation may not necessarily occur. Any stabilisation action may begin on or after the date on which adequate public disclosure of the terms of the offer of the Securities is made and  if begun  may cease at any time  but it must end no later than the earlier of 30 days after the issue date of the Securities and 60 days after the date of the allotment of the Securities. Any stabilisation action or over-allotment must be conducted by the Stabilisation Manager (or any person acting on behalf of the Stabilisation Manager) in accordance with all applicable laws and rules. 7DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE The following documents (together  the Documents Incorporated by Reference) which have previously been published or are published simultaneously with this Offering Circular and have been filed with Euronext Dublin shall be incorporated by reference in  and form part of  this Offering Circular: the articles of association of the Issuer (the Articles of Association ) which are available at https://ir.kpn.com/files/corporate_gov_docs/20180420_Koninklijke_KPN_NV_AoA.pd f ; the publicly available report on the Q1 2024 quarterly results of the Issuer published on 24 April 2024  (the Q1 2024 Results Press Release ) which is available at https://ir.kpn.com/files/doc_financials/2024/q1/KPN-Q1-2024-Press-release.pdf ; the publicly available audited consolidated annual financial statements of the Issuer for the financial year ended 31 December 2023 (prepared in accordance with International Financial Reporting Standards as adopted by the EU ( IFRS-EU ) and with Part 9 of Book 2 of the Dutch Civil Code) which appear on pages 105 to 172 (inclusive) of the KPN Integrated Annual Report 2023 (the 2023 Annual Report https://www.jaarverslag2023.kpn/downloads/KPN-IR-2023-Single-navigation.pdf and the independent auditor's report which appears on pages 188 to 194 (inclusive) of the 2023 Annual Report; the publicly available audited consolidated annual financial statements of the Issuer for the financial year ended 31 December 2022 (prepared in accordance with IFRS-EU and with Part 9 of Book 2 of the Dutch Civil Code) which appear on pages 104 to 166 (inclusive) of the KPN Integrated Annual Report 2022 (the 2022 Annual Report ) which is available at https://www.jaarverslag2022.kpn/downloads/KPN-IR-2022-Single- navigation.pdf and the independent auditor's report which appears on pages 176 to 185 (inclusive) of the 2022 Annual Report. The Issuer will provide  without charge  upon request of such person  a copy of any or all of the documents which are incorporated herein by reference. Requests for such documents should be directed to the Issuer at its registered office set out at the end of this Offering Circular. Copies of documents incorporated by reference in this Offering Circular can also be obtained from http://ir.kpn.com. In each case  unless stated otherwise  the entire document is incorporated by reference into this Offering Circular. Notwithstanding the foregoing  where the documents incorporated by reference themselves incorporate information by reference  such information does not form part of this Offering Circular. Potential investors should only rely on the information that is provided in this Offering Circular or incorporated by reference into this Offering Circular. No other documents or information  including the contents of KPN's website (https://www.kpn.com) or of websites accessible from hyperlinks on that website  form part of  or are incorporated by reference into  this Offering Circular. 8TABLE OF CONTENTS Page Documents Incorporated by Reference 8 Risk Factors 10 Overview 34 Terms and Conditions of the Securities 43 Summary of Provisions Relating to the Securities While in Global Form 73 Use of Proceeds 75 Description of the Issuer 79 Taxation 93 Subscription and Sale 97 General Information 101 9",neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,negative,0.01,0.29,0.7,True,English,"['Green Hybrid Securities', 'Royal KPN N', 'Circular KPN', 'Perpetual Fixed Rate Resettable Capital Securities', 'KONINKLIJKE KPN N.V.', 'first Mandatory Settlement Date', 'applicable Interest Payment Date', 'subsequent Interest Payment Date', 'public limited company', 'Reset Reference Rate', 'First Reset Date', 'First Call Date', 'Substantial Repurchase Event', 'Tax Deduction Event', 'Withholding Tax Event', 'relevant Reset Period', 'subsequent interest rate', 'Optional Interest Deferral', 'perpetual securities', 'first payment', 'Issue Date', 'Accounting Event', 'Rating Event', 'redemption date', 'Control Event', 'OFFERING CIRCULAR', 'corporate seat', 'Issue Price', 'principal amount', '5 percentage points', 'Interest Payments', 'outstanding Arrears', 'Redemption Amount', '4.875 per cent', '2.222 per cent', 'The Securities', 'new securities', 'whole Redemption', '2.792 per', '14 JUNE', 'Netherlands', 'Rotterdam', 'Issuer', '18 June', '18 September', 'annum', 'year', 'respect', 'Terms', 'Conditions', 'accordance', 'occurrence', 'Change', 'effect', 'discretion', 'part', 'amounts', 'time', 'accrued', 'unpaid', 'exercise', 'Make', 'addition', 'prices', 'Variation', 'consent', 'Holders', '99.682', '€']",2024-06-17,2024-06-18,marketscreener.com
42831,Clearstream,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/BARCLAYS-PLC-9583556/news/Barclays-Securities-due-May-2029-46988056/,Barclays : Securities due May 2029,(marketscreener.com)   Final Terms   PROHIBITION OF SALES TO EEA RETAIL INVESTORS - The Securities are not intended to be offered  sold or otherwise made available to  and should not be offered  sold or otherwise made available to  any retail investor in…,"Final Terms PROHIBITION OF SALES TO EEA RETAIL INVESTORS - The Securities are not intended to be offered  sold or otherwise made available to  and should not be offered  sold or otherwise made available to  any retail investor in the European Economic Area (""EEA""). For these purposes  a retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended  the ""MiFID II""); (ii) a customer within the meaning of Directive (EU) 2016/97  as amended  where that customer would not qualify as a professional client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of the MiFID II; or (iii) not a qualified investor as defined in Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 (as amended  the ""EU Prospectus Regulation""). Consequently  no key information document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 (as amended  the ""EU PRIIPs Regulation"") for offering or selling the Securities or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the EEA has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Securities or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the EEA may be unlawful under the EU PRIIPs Regulation. PROHIBITION OF SALES TO SWISS RETAIL INVESTORS - The Securities are not intended to be offered  sold or otherwise made available to and may not be offered  sold or otherwise made available to any retail investor in Switzerland. For these purposes a ""retail investor"" means a person who is not a professional or institutional client  as defined in article 4 para. 3  4 and 5 and article 5 para. 1 and 2 Swiss Federal Act on Financial Services (""FinSA"") of 15 June 2018  as amended. Consequently  no key information document required by FinSA for offering or selling the Securities or otherwise making them available to retail investors in Switzerland has been prepared and therefore  offering or selling the Securities or making them available to retail investors in Switzerland may be unlawful under FinSA. None of the Securities constitute a participation in a collective investment scheme within the meaning of the Swiss Act on Collective Investment Schemes (""CISA"") and are neither subject to the authorisation nor the supervision by the Swiss Financial Market Supervisory Authority FINMA (""FINMA"") and investors do not benefit from the specific investor protection provided under the CISA. [The Securities may not be publicly offered  directly or indirectly  in Switzerland within the meaning of FinSA and no application has or will be made to admit the Securities to trading on any trading venue (exchange or multilateral trading facility) in Switzerland. Neither the Base Prospectus  the Final Terms nor any other offering or marketing material relating to the Securities constitutes a prospectus pursuant to the FinSA  and neither the Base Prospectus  the Final Terms nor any other offering or marketing material relating to the Securities may be publicly distributed or otherwise made publicly available in Switzerland. Neither the Base Prospectus nor these Final Terms or any other offering or marketing material relating to the Securities constitute a prospectus pursuant to the FinSA  and such documents may not be publicly distributed or otherwise made publicly available in Switzerland  unless the requirements of FinSA for such public distribution are complied with. The Securities documented in these Final Terms are not being offered  sold or advertised  directly or indirectly  in Switzerland to retail clients (Privatkundinnen und -kunden) within the meaning of FinSA (""Retail Clients""). Neither these Final Terms nor any offering materials relating to the Securities may be available to Retail Clients in or from Switzerland. The offering of the Securities directly or indirectly  in Switzerland is only made by way of private placement by addressing the Securities (a) solely at investors classified as professional clients (professionelle Kunden) or institutional clients (institutionelle Kunden) within the meaning of FinSA (""Professional or Institutional Clients"")  (b) at fewer than 500 Retail Clients  and/or (c) at investors acquiring securities to the value of at least CHF 100 000. The Securities have not been  and will not be  at any time registered under the U.S. Securities Act of 1933  as amended (the ""Securities Act"")  or with any securities regulatory authority of any state or other jurisdiction of the United States. The Securities may not be offered or sold within the United States  or to  or for the account or benefit of  U.S. persons (as defined in Regulation S under the Securities Act (""Regulation S"")) (""U.S. persons"")  except in certain transactions exempt from the registration requirements of the Securities Act and applicable state securities laws. Trading in the Securities has not been approved by the U.S. Commodity Futures Trading Commission under the U.S. Commodity Exchange Act of 1936  as amended (the ""Commodity Exchange Act"")  and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder. The Securities are being offered and sold outside the United States to non-U.S. persons in reliance on Regulation S. BARCLAYS BANK PLC (Incorporated with limited liability in England and Wales) Legal Entity Identifier (LEI): G5GSEF7VJP5I7OUK5573 1USD 1 850 000 Securities due May 2028 pursuant to the Global Structured Securities Programme (the ""Tranche 1 Securities"") Issue Price: 100.00 per cent. The Securities are not intended to qualify as eligible debt securities for purposes of the minimum requirement for own funds and eligible liabilities (""MREL"") as set out under the Bank Recovery and Resolution Directive (EU) 2014/59)  as implemented in the UK (or local equivalent  for example TLAC). This document constitutes the final terms of the Securities (the ""Final Terms"") described herein for the purposes of Article 8 of the Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (as amended) and regulations made thereunder (as amended  the ""UK Prospectus Regulation"") and is prepared in connection with the Global Structured Securities Programme established by Barclays Bank PLC (the ""Issuer""). These Final Terms complete and should be read in conjunction with GSSP Preference Share Linked Base Prospectus which constitutes a base prospectus drawn up as separate documents (including the Registration Document dated 27 March 2024 and the Securities Note relating to the GSSP Preference Share Linked Base Prospectus dated 12 April 2024) for the purposes of Article 8(6) of the UK Prospectus Regulation (the ""Base Prospectus""). Full information on the Issuer and the offer of the Securities is only available on the basis of the combination of these Final Terms and the Base Prospectus. A summary of the individual issue of the Securities is annexed to these Final Terms. The Base Prospectus  and any supplements thereto  are available for viewing at https://www.home.barclays/investor-relations/fixed-income-investors/prospectus-and-documents/structured- securities-prospectuses/ and during normal business hours at the registered office of the Issuer and the specified office of the Issue and Paying Agent for the time being in London  and copies may be obtained from such office. These Securities are FinSA Exempt Securities as defined in the Base Prospectus. Words and expressions defined in the Base Prospectus and not defined in the Final Terms shall bear the same meanings when used herein. BARCLAYS Final Terms dated 22 May 2024 2PART A - CONTRACTUAL TERMS (a) Series number: Tranche number: Currency: Securities: Aggregate Nominal Amount as at the Issue Date: Tranche: Series: Specified Denomination: Minimum Tradable Amount: Calculation Amount: Issue Price: Issue Date: Scheduled Redemption Date: Preference Share linked Securities: Underlying Preference Share(s) and Underlying Preference Share Reference Asset(s): Final Valuation Date: Valuation Time: Additional Disruption Event: Change in Law: Currency Disruption Event: Extraordinary Market Disruption: Optional Additional Adjustment Event(s): Insolvency Filing: Insolvency: Preference Share AdjustmentEvent: Form of Securities: NX00399973 1 U.S. Dollar (""USD"") USD 1 850 000.00 USD 1 850 000.00 USD 1 000.00 USD 1 000.00 USD 1 000.00 100% of par. 22 May 2024 22 May 2028 Underlying Preference Share: 1 Preference Share linked to FTSE 100 INDEX  S&P 500 Index and EURO STOXX 50® Index (the ""Underlying Preference Share Reference Assets"") issued by Teal Investments Limited (Class number: PEISC696) 15 May 2028  subject as specified in General Condition 5.3 (Relevant defined terms) As specified in General Condition 5.3 (Relevant defined terms) Applicable as per General Condition 22.1 (Definitions) Applicable as per General Condition 22.1 (Definitions) Applicable as per General Condition 22.1 (Definitions) Applicable as per General Condition 22.1 (Definitions) Applicable Applicable Applicable Global Bearer Securities: Permanent Global Security TEFRA: Not Applicable NGN Form: Not Applicable Held under the NSS: Not Applicable CGN Form: Applicable CDIs: Not Applicable 3Trade Date: 871(m) Securities (i) Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail Investors: (ii) Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors: Early Cash Settlement Date: Early Redemption Notice Period Number: Business Day: Determination Agent: Registrar: CREST Agent: Transfer Agent: (a) Names of Manager:(b) Date of underwriting agreement: Relevant Benchmarks: 4 15 May 2024 The Issuer has determined that the Securities (without regard to any other transactions) should not be subject to U.S. withholding tax under Section 871(m) of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986  as amended  and regulations promulgated thereunder. Not Applicable Applicable - see the cover page of these Final Terms As specified in General Condition 22.1 (Definitions) For the purposes of a Preference Share Termination Event pursuant to General Condition 6 which includes  but is not limited to  the occurrence of an autocall event in respect of the Underlying Preference Share  the Securities will be redeemed on the applicable Early Cash Settlement Date. The Early Cash Settlement Date(s) corresponding to the relevant Early Cash Settlement Valuation Date(s) are set out in the table below: Early Cash Early Cash Settlement Settlement Date(s) Valuation Date(s) 15 May 2025 22 May 2025 15 August 2025 22 August 2025 17 November 2025 24 November 2025 17 February 2026 24 February 2026 15 May 2026 22 May 2026 17 August 2026 24 August 2026 16 November 2026 23 November 2026 16 February 2027 23 February 2027 17 May 2027 24 May 2027 16 August 2027 23 August 2027 15 November 2027 22 November 2027 15 February 2028 23 February 2028 Applicable as per General Condition 22.1 (Definitions) As defined in General Condition 22.1 (Definitions) Barclays Bank PLC Not Applicable Not Applicable Not Applicable Barclays Bank PLC Not Applicable Amounts payable under the Securities may be calculated by reference to FTSE 100 INDEX which is provided by FTSE International Limited (the""Administrator""). As at the date of these Final Terms  the Administrator appears on the register of administrators and benchmarks established and maintained by the Financial Conduct Authority (""FCA"") pursuant to article 36 of the Benchmarks Regulation (Regulation (EU) 2016/1011) as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the European (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (as amended) (as amended  the ""UK Benchmarks Regulation""). Amounts payable under the Securities may be calculated by reference to S&P 500 Index which is provided by S&P Dow Jones Indices LLC (the ""Administrator""). As at the date of these Final Terms  the Administrator does not appear on the register of administrators and benchmarks established and maintained by the Financial Conduct Authority (""FCA"") pursuant to article 36 of the Benchmarks Regulation (Regulation (EU) 2016/1011) as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the European (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (as amended) (as amended  the ""UK Benchmarks Regulation""). As far as the Issuer is aware the transitional provisions in Article 51 of the UK Benchmarks Regulation apply  such that S&P Dow Jones Indices LLC is not currently required to obtain authorisation or registration (or  if located outside the United Kingdom  recognition  endorsement or equivalence). Amounts payable under the Securities may be calculated by reference to EURO STOXX 50® Index which is provided by STOXX Limited (the ""Administrator""). As at the date of these Final Terms  the Administrator does not appear on the register of administrators and benchmarks established and maintained by the Financial Conduct Authority (""FCA"") pursuant to article 36 of the Benchmarks Regulation (Regulation (EU) 2016/1011) as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the European (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (as amended) (as amended  the ""UK Benchmarks Regulation""). As far as the Issuer is aware the transitional provisions in Article 51 of the UK Benchmarks Regulation apply  such that STOXX Limited is not currently required to obtain authorisation or registration (or  if located outside the United Kingdom  recognition  endorsement or equivalence). 5PART B - OTHER INFORMATION 1. LISTING AND ADMISSION TO TRADING (a) Listing and Admission to Trading: Application will be made by the Issuer (or on its behalf) for the Securities to be listed on the Official List and admitted to trading on the Regulated Market of the London Stock Exchange on or around the Issue Date. (b) Estimate of total expenses related GBP 395.00 to admission to trading: (c) Name and address of the entities Not Applicable which have a firm commitment to act as intermediaries in secondary trading  providing liquidity through bid and offer rates and a description of the main terms of their commitment: 2. RATINGS Ratings: The Securities have not been individually rated. INTERESTS OF NATURAL AND LEGAL PERSONS INVOLVED IN THE ISSUESave for any fees payable to the Manager and save for any trading and market-making activities of the Issuer and/or its affiliates in the Underlying Preference Share and/or the Underlying Preference Share Reference Assets  the hedging activities of the Issuer and/or its affiliates and the fact that the Issuer/an affiliate of the Issuer is the Determination Agent in respect of the Securities and the determination agent in respect of the Underlying Preference Share  so far as the Issuer is aware  no person involved in the offer of the Securities has an interest material to the issue. REASONS FOR THE OFFER  ESTIMATED NET PROCEEDS AND TOTAL EXPENSES (a) Reasons for the offer: Making profit and/or hedging purposes (b) Use of Proceeds: Not Applicable (c) Estimated net proceeds: Not Applicable (d) Estimated total expenses: Not Applicable PERFORMANCE OF THE UNDERLYING PREFERENCE SHARE AND OTHER INFORMATION CONCERNING THE UNDERLYING PREFERENCE SHAREThe value of the Securities will depend upon the performance of the Underlying Preference Share.The Preference Share Value in respect of each Underlying Preference Share will be published on each Business Day at https://barxis.barcap.com/GB/1/en/home.app .Details of the past performance and volatility of the Underlying Preference Share Reference Assets may be obtained from Bloomberg Screen: UKX in respect of FTSE 100 INDEX  SPX in respect of S&P 500 Index and SX5E in respect of EURO STOXX 50 ® Index.See also the Annex - ""ADDITIONAL PROVISIONS NOT REQUIRED BY THE SECURITIES NOTE RELATING TO THE UNDERLYING"" POST ISSUANCE INFORMATIONThe Issuer will not provide any post-issuance information with respect to the Underlying Preference Share(s)  unless required to do so by applicable law or regulation. OPERATIONAL INFORMATION 6(a) ISIN Code: XS2772506759 (b) Common Code: 277250675 (c) Name(s) and address(es) of any clearing Not Applicable system(s) other than Euroclear Bank S.A./N.V. and Clearstream Banking  société anonyme  and the relevant identification number(s): (d) Delivery: Delivery free of payment (e) Intended to be held in a manner which No since unsecured debt instruments issued by credit would allow Eurosystem eligibility: institutions established outside the European Union are not Eurosystem eligible. (f) Green Structured Securities: No (g) Green Index Linked Securities: No 7SUMMARY INTRODUCTION AND WARNINGS The Summary should be read as an introduction to the Prospectus. Any decision to invest in the Securities should be based on consideration of the Prospectus as a whole by the investor. In certain circumstances  the investor could lose all or part of the invested capital. Where a claim relating to the information contained in the Prospectus is brought before a court  the plaintiff investor might  under the national law  have to bear the costs of translating the Prospectus before the legal proceedings are initiated. Civil liability attaches only to those persons who have tabled the Summary  including any translation thereof  but only where the Summary is misleading  inaccurate or inconsistent when read together with the other parts of the Prospectus or it does not provide  when read together with the other parts of the Prospectus  key information in order to aid investors when considering whether to invest in the Securities. You are about to purchase a product that is not simple and may be difficult to understand. Securities: USD 1 850 000.00 Securities due 22 May 2028 pursuant to the Global Structured Securities Programme (ISIN: XS2772506759) (the ""Securities""). The Issuer: The Issuer is Barclays Bank PLC. Its registered office is at 1 Churchill Place  London  E14 5HP  United Kingdom (telephone number: +44 (0)20 7116 1000) and its Legal Entity Identifier (""LEI"") is G5GSEF7VJP5I7OUK5573. The Authorised Offeror: Not Applicable Competent authority: The Base Prospectus was approved on 12 April 2024 by the United Kingdom Financial Conduct Authority of 12 Endeavour Square  London  E20 1JN  United Kingdom (telephone number: +44 (0)20 7066 1000). KEY INFORMATION ON THE ISSUER Who is the Issuer of the Securities? Domicile and legal form of the Issuer: Barclays Bank PLC (the ""Issuer"") is a public limited company registered in England and Wales under number 1026167. The liability of the members of the Issuer is limited. It has its registered and head office at 1 Churchill Place  London  E14 5HP  United Kingdom (telephone number +44 (0)20 7116 1000). The Legal Entity Identifier (LEI) of the Issuer is G5GSEF7VJP5I7OUK5573. Principal activities of the Issuer: Barclays is a diversified bank with five operating divisions comprising: Barclays UK  Barclays UK Corporate Bank  Barclays Private Bank and Wealth Management  Barclays Investment Bank and Barclays US Consumer Bank  supported by Barclays Execution Services Limited  the Group-wide service company providing technology  operations and functional services to business across the Group. The Group comprises of Barclays PLC together with its subsidiaries  including the Issuer. The Issuer's principal activity is to offer products and services designed for larger corporate  private bank and wealth management  wholesale and international banking clients. The term the ""Group"" mean Barclays PLC together with its subsidiaries and the term ""Barclays Bank Group"" means Barclays Bank PLC together with its subsidiaries. Major shareholders of the Issuer: The whole of the issued ordinary share capital of the Issuer is beneficially owned by Barclays PLC. Barclays PLC is the ultimate holding company of the Group. Identity of the key managing directors of the Issuer: The key managing directors of the Issuer are C. S. Venkatakrishnan (Chief Executive and Executive Director) and Anna Cross (Executive Director). Identity of the statutory auditors of the Issuer: The statutory auditors of the Issuer are KPMG LLP (""KPMG"")  chartered accountants and registered auditors (a member of the Institute of Chartered Accountants in England and Wales)  of 15 Canada Square  London E14 5GL  United Kingdom. What is the key financial information regarding the Issuer? The Issuer has derived the selected consolidated financial information included in the table below for the years ended 31 December 2022 and 31 December 2021 from the annual consolidated financial statements of the Issuer for the years ended 31 December 2022 and 2021 (the ""Financial Statements"")  which have each been audited with an unmodified opinion provided by KPMG. The selected financial information included in the table below for the six months ended 30 June 2023 and 30 June 2022 was derived from the unaudited condensed consolidated interim financial statements of the Issuer in respect of the six months ended 30 June 2023 (the ""Interim Results Announcement""). Certain of the comparative financial metrics included in the table below for the six months ended 30 June 2022 were restated in the Interim Results Announcement. Consolidated Income Statement As at 31 December 12023 2022 (£m) Net interest income 6 653 5 398 Net fee and commission income 5 461 5 426 Credit impairment charges / (releases) (1 578) (933) Net trading income 5 980 7 624 Profit before tax 4 223 4 867 Profit after tax 3 561 4 382 Consolidated Balance Sheet As at 31 December 2023 2022 (£m) Total assets 1 185 166 1 203 537 Debt securities in issue 45 653 60 012 Subordinated liabilities 35 903 38 253 Loans and advances  debt securities at amortised cost 185 247 182 507 Deposits at amortised cost 301 798 291 579 Total equity 60 504 58 953 Certain Ratios from the Financial Statements As at 31 December 2023 2022 (%) Common Equity Tier 1 capital 12.1 12.7 Total regulatory capital 19.2 20.8 UK leverage ratio (BBPLC sub-consolidated)12 6.0 - 1 No comparatives are provided for leverage as this is the first reporting year for Barclays Bank PLC sub- consolidated. 2 Although the leverage ratio is expressed in terms of T1 capital  the countercyclical leverage ratio buffer (CCLB) and 75% of the minimum requirement must be covered solely with CET1 capital. The CET1 capital held against the 0.2% CCLB was £1.8bn. What are the key risks that are specific to the Issuer? The Barclays Bank Group has identified a broad range of risks to which its businesses are exposed. Material risks are those to which senior management pay particular attention and which could cause the delivery of the Barclays Bank Group's strategy  results of operations  financial condition and/or prospects to differ materially from expectations. Emerging risks are those which have unknown components  the impact of which could crystallise over a longer time period. In addition  certain other factors beyond the Barclays Bank Group's control  including escalation of global conflicts  acts of terrorism  natural disasters  pandemics and similar events  although not detailed below  could have a similar impact on the Barclays Bank Group. • Material existing and emerging risks potentially impacting more than one principal risk: In addition to material and emerging risks impacting the principal risks set out below  there are also material existing and emerging risks that potentially impact more than one of these principal risks. These risks are: (i) potentially unfavourable global and local economic and market conditions  as well as geopolitical developments; (ii) the impact of interest rate changes on the Barclays Bank Group's profitability; (iii) the competitive environments of the banking and financial services industry; (iv) the regulatory change agenda and impact on business model; (v) the impact of benchmark interest rate reforms on the Barclays Bank Group; and (vi) change delivery and execution risks. • Climate risk: Climate risk is the impact on financial (credit  market  treasury and capital) and operational risks arising from climate change through physical risks and risks associated with transitioning to a lower carbon economy. • Credit and Market risks: Credit risk is the risk of loss to the Barclays Bank Group from the failure of clients  customers or counterparties  to fully honour their obligations to members of the Barclays Bank Group. The Barclays Bank Group is subject to risks arising from changes in credit quality and recovery rates for loans and advances due from borrowers and counterparties. 2",neutral,0.01,0.98,0.01,negative,0.01,0.13,0.87,True,English,"['Barclays', 'Securities', 'U.S. Commodity Futures Trading Commission', 'Swiss Financial Market Supervisory Authority', 'U.S. Commodity Exchange Act', 'applicable state securities laws', 'U.S. Securities Act', 'U.S. persons', '2 Swiss Federal Act', 'European Economic Area', 'key information document', 'collective investment scheme', 'multilateral trading facility', 'securities regulatory authority', 'specific investor protection', 'SWISS RETAIL INVESTORS', 'EU PRIIPs Regulation', 'Swiss Act', 'EU Prospectus Regulation', 'Regulation S', 'EEA RETAIL INVESTORS', 'Financial Services', 'trading venue', 'qualified investor', 'retail client', 'Final Terms', 'MiFID II', 'institutional client', 'marketing material', 'public distribution', 'private placement', 'professionelle Kunden', 'institutionelle Kunden', 'other jurisdiction', 'United States', 'Base Prospectus', 'other offering', 'offering materials', 'The Securities', 'Directive 2014/65/EU', 'professional client', 'registration requirements', 'PROHIBITION', 'SALES', 'purposes', 'point', 'Article', 'customer', 'meaning', 'Switzerland', 'FinSA', '15 June', 'None', 'participation', 'CISA', 'authorisation', 'supervision', 'FINMA', 'application', 'documents', 'Privatkundinnen', 'way', 'fewer', 'value', 'CHF', 'time', 'account', 'benefit', 'transactions', 'rules', 'regulations']",2024-06-17,2024-06-18,marketscreener.com
42832,Clearstream,Bing API,https://www.lelezard.com/en/news-21421976.html,Republic of Peru Announces Stand-Alone Tender for Existing Bonds and Issuance of New Bonds,"Holders whose Old USD Bonds are held through Euroclear Bank S.A./N.V.  as operator of the Euroclear System (""Euroclear"") or Clearstream Banking  S.A. (""Clearstream"") must provide instructions for the use of ATOP and observe their applicable deadlines.","Holders whose Old USD Bonds are held through Euroclear Bank S.A./N.V.  as operator of the Euroclear System (""Euroclear"") or Clearstream Banking  S.A. (""Clearstream"") must provide instructions for the use of ATOP and observe their applicable deadlines.",neutral,0.04,0.96,0.01,neutral,0.01,0.98,0.0,True,English,"['Stand-Alone Tender', 'Existing Bonds', 'New Bonds', 'Republic', 'Peru', 'Issuance', 'Euroclear Bank S.A./N.V.', 'Old USD Bonds', 'Euroclear System', 'Clearstream Banking', 'applicable deadlines', 'Holders', 'operator', 'instructions', 'use', 'ATOP']",2024-06-18,2024-06-18,lelezard.com
42833,Deutsche Boerse,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/HERTZ-ENERGY-INC-165640985/news/Hertz-Energy-Announces-Engagement-of-IR-Provider-46988085/,Hertz Energy Announces Engagement of IR Provider,(marketscreener.com) Hertz Energy Inc.  is pleased to announce that it has entered into a service agreement dated May 31  2024 with Aktien Check .Pursuant to the terms and conditions of the Service Agreement  Aktien has agreed to provide the Company with Euro…,"Vancouver  British Columbia--(Newsfile Corp. - June 17  2024) - Hertz Energy Inc. (CSE: HZ) (OTCQB: HZLIF) (FSE: QX1) (the ""Company"" or ""Hertz"") is pleased to announce that it has entered into a service agreement dated May 31  2024 (the ""Service Agreement"") with Aktien Check (""Aktien"").Pursuant to the terms and conditions of the Service Agreement  Aktien has agreed to provide the Company with European marketing awareness  including (a) preparing editorial write-ups  (b) completing an email marketing campaign  (c) search engine marketing  (d) a social media campaign  and (e) distribution of the editorial write-ups via atkiencheck.de and other distribution methods. Aktien will provide its services for a period of six months commencing on May 31  2024 and ending on November 30  2024. In accordance with the terms and conditions of the Service Agreement and as consideration for the services provided by Aktien  the Company has agreed to pay Aktien a cash fee of €20 000.For almost 26 years  Aktien and its affiliates have managed an online financial platform that hosts trading  technical analysis and news in Germany. Aktien and its principals are arm's length from the Company and do not have any interest  direct or indirect  in the Company or its securities nor do they have any right or intent to acquire such an interest. Aktien's business is located at Bad Marienberg  Rheinland-Pfalz  Germany. Mr. Stefan Lindam  CEO can be reached by telephone at +49 170 7328111 or by email at Stefan.lindam@aktiencheck.de.Hertz trades in Germany on the Frankfurt Stock Exchange (the ""FSE"") under the trading symbol QX1. The FSE is one of the world's largest international trading centers for securities. Operated by the Deutsche Boerse AG  FSE  is the largest of Germany's seven stock exchanges  and is responsible for approximately 90 percent of all securities traded in Germany. The FSE facilitates advanced electronic trading  settlement and information systems and enables cross-border trading for international investors.About the CompanyThe Company is a British Columbia based junior exploration company primarily engaged in the acquisition and exploration of energy metals mineral properties. The Company's lithium exploration projects include the Lucky Mica Lithium Project  the AC/DC Lithium Project  and the Patriota Lithium Project. The Lucky Mica Project is 939 hectares located within the Arizona Pegmatite Belt in the Maricopa County of Arizona  USA. The AC/DC Project is 26 500 hectares located in the renowned James Bay Lithium District in Quebec  Canada  just 26kms southeast of the Covette Lithium Project owned by Patriot Battery Metals and is contiguous to Rio Tinto's Kaanaayaa project claims. The Patriota Lithium Project is 2 963 hectares located within the Eastern Brazilian Pegmatite Province in Minas Gerais  Brazil and hosts similar geology as Sigma's ""Green Lithium Mine"". The Company's uranium projects include the Cominco Uranium Project located in Bathurst Inlet  Nunavut  Canada and its recent applications for Exclusive Prospecting Licenses in Namibia.For further information  please contact Mr. Kal Malhi or view the Company's filings at www.sedarplus.ca.On Behalf of the Board of DirectorsKal MalhiChief Executive Officer and DirectorPhone: 604-805-4602Email: kal@bullruncapital.caNeither the Canadian Securities Exchange nor its Regulation Services Provider accepts responsibility for the adequacy or accuracy of this news release.Cautionary Statement Regarding ""Forward-Looking"" InformationThis news release includes certain statements that may be deemed ""forward-looking statements."" All statements in this new release  other than statements of historical facts  that address events or developments that the Company expects to occur  are forward-looking statements. Forward-looking statements are statements that are not historical facts and are generally  but not always  identified by the words ""expects""  ""plans""  ""anticipates""  ""believes""  ""intends""  ""estimates""  ""projects""  ""potential"" and similar expressions  or that events or conditions ""will""  ""would""  ""may""  ""could"" or ""should"" occur. Although the Company believes the expectations expressed in such forward-looking statements are based on reasonable assumptions  such statements are not guarantees of future performance and actual results may differ materially from those in the forward-looking statements. Factors that could cause the actual results to differ materially from those in forward-looking statements include market prices  continued availability of capital and financing  and general economic  market or business conditions. Investors are cautioned that any such statements are not guarantees of future performance and actual results or developments may differ materially from those projected in the forward-looking statements. Forward-looking statements are based on the beliefs  estimates and opinions of the Company's management on the date the statements are made. Except as required by applicable securities laws  the Company undertakes no obligation to update these forward-looking statements in the event that management's beliefs  estimates or opinions  or other factors  should change.To view the source version of this press release  please visit https://www.newsfilecorp.com/release/213350",neutral,0.05,0.94,0.01,negative,0.01,0.39,0.6,True,English,"['Hertz Energy', 'IR Provider', 'Engagement', 'British Columbia based junior exploration company', 'renowned James Bay Lithium District', 'Eastern Brazilian Pegmatite Province', 'energy metals mineral properties', 'Lucky Mica Lithium Project', 'The Lucky Mica Project', 'largest international trading centers', 'The Patriota Lithium Project', 'AC/DC Lithium Project', 'Covette Lithium Project', 'Patriot Battery Metals', 'Green Lithium Mine', 'Kaanaayaa project claims', 'European marketing awareness', 'search engine marketing', 'social media campaign', 'online financial platform', 'Frankfurt Stock Exchange', 'Deutsche Boerse AG', 'seven stock exchanges', 'Exclusive Prospecting Licenses', 'Chief Executive Officer', 'The AC/DC Project', 'lithium exploration projects', 'Cominco Uranium Project', 'Arizona Pegmatite Belt', 'advanced electronic trading', 'Hertz Energy Inc.', 'other distribution methods', 'Mr. Stefan Lindam', 'Mr. Kal Malhi', 'Canadian Securities Exchange', 'applicable securities laws', 'email marketing campaign', 'Regulation Services Provider', 'Stefan.lindam', 'international investors', 'uranium projects', 'trading symbol', 'cross-border trading', 'The Company', 'The FSE', 'Newsfile Corp.', 'service agreement', 'editorial write-ups', 'atkiencheck.de', 'six months', 'cash fee', 'technical analysis', 'Bad Marienberg', 'Maricopa County', 'Rio Tinto', 'Minas Gerais', 'similar geology', 'Bathurst Inlet', 'recent applications', 'Cautionary Statement', 'new release', 'historical facts', 'similar expressions', 'reasonable assumptions', 'future performance', 'actual results', 'continued availability', 'general economic', 'information systems', 'news release', 'Forward-Looking"" Information', 'looking statements', 'market prices', 'Aktien Check', 'business conditions', 'Vancouver', 'June', 'CSE', 'HZ', 'OTCQB', 'QX', 'May', 'terms', 'period', 'November', 'accordance', 'consideration', '26 years', 'affiliates', 'Germany', 'principals', 'arm', 'length', 'interest', 'right', 'intent', 'Rheinland-Pfalz', 'CEO', 'telephone', 'aktiencheck', 'world', '90 percent', 'settlement', 'acquisition', '939 hectares', 'USA', '26,500 hectares', 'Quebec', 'Canada', '2,963 hectares', 'Sigma', 'Nunavut', 'Namibia', 'filings', 'sedarplus', 'Behalf', 'Board', 'Directors', 'bullruncapital', 'responsibility', 'adequacy', 'accuracy', 'events', 'developments', 'words', 'expects', 'plans', 'potential', 'expectations', 'guarantees', 'Factors', 'financing', 'beliefs', 'estimates', 'opinions', 'management', 'date', 'obligation']",2024-06-17,2024-06-18,marketscreener.com
42834,Deutsche Boerse,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/SFC-ENERGY-AG-473477/news/SFC-Energy-AG-receives-EUR-4-million-follow-up-order-for-EFOY-fuel-cells-and-accessories-from-Fuel-C-46982368/,SFC Energy AG receives EUR 4 million follow-up order for EFOY fuel cells and accessories from Fuel Cell Systems Ltd.,(marketscreener.com) EQS-News: SFC Energy AG / Key word: Incoming OrdersSFC Energy AG receives EUR 4 million follow-up order for EFOY fuel cells and accessories from Fuel Cell Systems Ltd. 17.06.2024 / 07:30 CET/CESTThe issue…,EQS-News: SFC Energy AG / Key word(s): Incoming OrdersSFC Energy AG receives EUR 4 million follow-up order for EFOY fuel cells and accessories from Fuel Cell Systems Ltd.17.06.2024 / 07:30 CET/CESTThe issuer is solely responsible for the content of this announcement.SFC Energy AG receives EUR 4 million follow-up order for EFOY fuel cells and accessories from Fuel Cell Systems Ltd.Brunnthal/Munich  Germany  June 17  2024 – SFC Energy AG (“SFC”  F3C:DE  ISIN: DE0007568578)  a leading provider of hydrogen and methanol fuel cells for stationary  portable and mobile hybrid power solutions  announced another significant order success following HANNOVER MESSE 2024. Fuel Cell Systems Ltd. (FCSL) has signed a new framework contract totalling EUR 4 million for the delivery of EFOY methanol fuel cells and accessories. The significant increase in order value reflects the continued growth in demand for low-emission or emission-free fuel cell solutions from SFC Energy.Additionally  an intensification of cooperation and business expansion in the hydrogen and hydrogen fuel cell sector has been agreed upon. Both companies have been very active in this field for years with growing success and plan to combine their expertise in hydrogen fuel cells and hydrogen supply.Fuel Cell Systems operates in the United Kingdom and recently in the Netherlands as a distributor and project developer for fuel cell solutions for decentralized power generation in various applications. Through the continuously expanded partnership over more than 15 years  FCSL has evolved into not only a key customer and distribution partner for SFC  but also a brand ambassador and driver of ideas for product development and optimization through intensive contact with end users.Lee Juby  CEO of Fuel Cell Systems Ltd.: “We  and more importantly our customers  continue to be impressed by the EFOY fuel cell technology from SFC Energy. The products are flexible  reliable and offer an environmentally friendly solution for off-grid power needs. We look forward to continued growth in partnership with SFC Energy  as customer demand for their innovative products increases.”Dr. Peter Podesser  CEO of SFC Energy AG: “The significantly expanded order volume from Fuel Cell Systems confirms the increasing need for sustainable  emission-free energy generation solutions. Fuel cells are an established and efficient way to achieve this goal. In our partnership with FCSL we have built a leading market position in the UK – together we stand for the highest product quality  reliability and strict customer orientation – striving to set standards in the industry.”Further information on SFC Energy's Clean Energy and Clean Power Management solutions can be found at sfc.com.About SFC Energy AGSFC Energy AG (www.sfc.com) is a leading provider of hydrogen and methanol fuel cells for stationary  portable and mobile hybrid power solutions. With the Clean Energy and Clean Power Management business segments  SFC Energy is a sustainably profitable fuel cell producer. The Company distributes its award-winning products worldwide and has sold more than 65 000 fuel cells to date. The Company is headquartered in Brunnthal/Munich and has operating subsidiaries in Canada  India  the Netherlands  Romania  the United Kingdom  and the United States of America. SFC Energy AG is listed on the Deutsche Boerse Prime Standard and has been part of the selection index SDAX since 2022 (GSIN: 756857  ISIN: DE0007568578).About Fuel Cell Systems Ltd.Fuel Cell Systems Ltd. (FCSL) is the UK’s leading fuel cell integrator  consultancy and distributor with more than a thousand fuel cells installed in a wide range of applications. The team at FCSL has been applying fuel cells to real life tasks since 2003. More recently  FCSL has developed a range of hydrogen systems including hydrogen production  storage and refuelling products to help address the infrastructure gap in the UK. This includes HyTruck  a mobile hydrogen refuelling vehicle and HyQube an affordable  scalable and redeployable refuelling product. Our services are often called upon for funded projects from the EU and from the UK government’s Innovate programme  as well as by industry for early stage advice on the best approach to using this technology.SFC Investor Relations and Press:CROSS ALLIANCE communication GmbHSusan HoffmeisterPhone: +49 89 125 09 03-33Email: susan.hoffmeister@sfc.comWeb: sfc.comFuel Cell Systems Ltd. Contact:Henry MillsTel: +44 1488 507050Email: hmills@fuelcellsystems.co.ukWeb: fuelcellsystems.co.uk,neutral,0.01,0.98,0.0,positive,0.61,0.38,0.01,True,English,"['EUR 4 million follow-up order', 'Fuel Cell Systems Ltd', 'EFOY fuel cells', 'SFC Energy AG', 'accessories', 'sustainable, emission-free energy generation solutions', 'Clean Power Management business segments', 'Deutsche Boerse Prime Standard', 'CROSS ALLIANCE communication GmbH', 'mobile hybrid power solutions', 'emission-free fuel cell solutions', 'Clean Power Management solutions', 'profitable fuel cell producer', 'EUR 4 million follow-up order', 'Fuel Cell Systems Ltd', 'a thousand fuel cells', 'leading fuel cell integrator', 'hydrogen fuel cell sector', 'EFOY fuel cell technology', 'mobile hydrogen refuelling vehicle', 'EFOY methanol fuel cells', 'decentralized power generation', 'EFOY fuel cells', 'grid power needs', 'new framework contract', 'environmentally friendly solution', 'Dr. Peter Podesser', 'real life tasks', 'early stage advice', 'leading market position', 'highest product quality', 'redeployable refuelling product', 'hydrogen fuel cells', 'strict customer orientation', 'SFC Investor Relations', 'significant order success', 'SFC Energy AG', '65,000 fuel cells', 'Clean Energy', 'hydrogen systems', 'business expansion', 'order value', 'order volume', 'leading provider', 'refuelling products', 'product development', 'significant increase', 'growing success', 'key customer', 'hydrogen supply', 'hydrogen production', 'Key word', 'Incoming Orders', 'F3C:DE', 'stationary, portable', 'HANNOVER MESSE', 'continued growth', 'United Kingdom', 'project developer', 'distribution partner', 'brand ambassador', 'end users', 'Lee Juby', 'increasing need', 'efficient way', 'Further information', 'United States', 'selection index', 'infrastructure gap', 'affordable, scalable', 'Innovate programme', 'best approach', 'Henry Mills', 'customer demand', 'innovative products', 'award-winning products', 'various applications', 'intensive contact', 'The Company', 'wide range', 'UK government', 'Susan Hoffmeister', 'EQS-News', 'accessories', 'CEST', 'issuer', 'content', 'announcement', 'Brunnthal/Munich', 'Germany', 'June', 'FCSL', 'delivery', 'low-emission', 'intensification', 'cooperation', 'companies', 'field', 'years', 'expertise', 'Netherlands', 'distributor', 'partnership', 'driver', 'ideas', 'optimization', 'CEO', 'customers', 'goal', 'reliability', 'standards', 'industry', 'date', 'subsidiaries', 'Canada', 'India', 'Romania', 'America', 'SDAX', 'GSIN', 'ISIN', 'consultancy', 'team', 'storage', 'HyTruck', 'HyQube', 'services', 'projects', 'Press', 'Phone', 'Email', 'hmills', 'fuelcellsystems', 'Web', '07', '30']",2024-06-17,2024-06-18,marketscreener.com
42835,Deutsche Boerse,Bing API,https://www.cnbctv18.com/auto/toyota-shareholders-retain-akio-toyoda-grandson-of-founder-as-chairman-despite-testing-scandal-19429762.htm,Toyota shareholders retain Akio Toyoda  grandson of founder  as chairman despite testing scandal,The annual meeting  held at company headquarters in Toyota city  central Japan  has drawn attention because Toyota and other major domestic makers have been embroiled in a scandal centered around fraudulent certification tests for vehicles.,"Toyota shareholders voted Tuesday in support of all the company's proposals  including keeping Akio Toyoda  grandson of the Japanese automaker's founder  as chairman on the board.Details on the vote tallies were not immediately available. But the company confirmed the majority voted in support of its positions. A shareholder proposal requesting that Toyota issue an annual report on its climate-related lobbying activities was rejected.The annual meeting  held at company headquarters in Toyota city  central Japan  has drawn attention because Toyota and other major domestic makers have been embroiled in a scandal centered around fraudulent certification tests for vehicles.The cheating did not result in recalls or safety problems. A shareholder proposal requesting that Toyota issue an annual report on its climate-related lobbying activities was rejected.Still  it's a major embarrassment for a manufacturer with a reputation for quality whose production methods are studied around the world. Some individual shareholders asked about the scandal during the meeting.Toyota  which makes the Prius hybrid  Camry sedan and Lexus luxury models  is at times seen as dragging their feet on climate change.Under Toyoda  it has pushed a ""multi-pathway"" approach to ecological vehicles  emphasizing hybrids  which have both a gasoline engine and electric motor  and using hydrogen for fuel instead of focusing on battery electric vehicles.""The group considers climate change measures to be one of its important management tasks and is fully concentrated on realizing carbon neutrality by 2050 "" Toyota said in explaining its recommendation on the shareholders' vote.It stressed its multi-pathway strategy and argued it was transparent and sincere about various environmental efforts.The results were expected because Toyota's biggest shareholders among nearly 1 million are Japanese companies such as banks  insurers and financial institutions that would be unlikely to challenge the automaker  at about 39% ownership of the total shares.Other corporate entities make up 25%  foreign corporate entities nearly 22% and individual shareholders about 14%. Toyota Industries Corp.  a group company  is the No. 2 shareholder. Parts maker Denso Corp. is the sixth biggest shareholder.Last year  Toyoda won re-election with nearly 85% of the vote. That was down from 96% in 2022. How much he received this year is still unclear.Toyota officials have repeatedly apologized for the fraudulent vehicle testing  and Chief Executive Koji Sato reiterated the apology at the shareholders' meeting.Among proxy groups that wanted a vote against Toyoda was Institutional Shareholder Services  majority owned by the German capital market company Deutsche Borse Group  which advises investors.ISS said in its proxy report that Toyoda ""should be considered ultimately accountable"" because his promises for change did not involve reshuffling of the board  which it believed was needed to prevent a recurrence of errant tests.It did not oppose the appointments of other board members  including Sato.Another major shareholder  proxy advisory company Glass Lewis & Co.  recommended voting against the reappointments of Toyoda and Shigeru Hayakawa  another top executive  citing similar reasons over the faulty tests that it said raised doubts about the company's governance and corporate culture.Hayakawa oversaw appointments of board members  and more independent board members should be added  according to Glass Lewis  based in San Francisco.In the fiscal year that ended in March  Toyota's profits doubled from the previous year to 4.9 trillion yen ($31.9 billion)  exceeding its own projections  as vehicle sales surged and a weak Japanese yen inflated its overseas earnings. Toyota remains the world's leading automaker  with sales of 9.4 million vehicles in the fiscal year that ended in March.Toyota's stock prices had tripled over the last five years to nearly 3 800 yen ($24) before cascading downward amid its latest troubles. Its shares are now trading at above 3 000 yen ($20).The improper checks on vehicles  including collision tests  started surfacing last year and were found at Toyota group companies Daihatsu Motor Co.  which makes small models  truckmaker Hino Motors and Toyota Industries  a manufacturer of forklifts and other machinery.The violations were also at Japanese automakers that aren't part of the Toyota group  such as Honda Motor Co.  Mazda Motor Corp. and Suzuki Motor Corp.""The issues we are facing today  including carbon neutrality  are challenges that everyone on earth needs to join forces in mind and spirit to tackle together "" Toyoda said ahead of the meeting.""If we simply don't know the right answer  let's start by doing what we think is best.”",negative,0.03,0.47,0.5,negative,0.01,0.15,0.84,True,English,"['Toyota shareholders', 'Akio Toyoda', 'testing scandal', 'grandson', 'founder', 'chairman', 'Toyota group companies Daihatsu Motor Co.', 'German capital market company', 'other major domestic makers', 'Chief Executive Koji Sato', 'Honda Motor Co.', 'Mazda Motor Corp.', 'Suzuki Motor Corp', 'climate-related lobbying activities', 'important management tasks', 'various environmental efforts', 'last five years', 'Deutsche Borse Group', 'Other corporate entities', 'foreign corporate entities', 'Lexus luxury models', 'fraudulent vehicle testing', 'Institutional Shareholder Services', 'fraudulent certification tests', 'sixth biggest shareholder', 'other board members', 'independent board members', 'climate change measures', 'proxy advisory company', 'battery electric vehicles', 'Toyota Industries Corp.', 'weak Japanese yen', 'Japanese companies', 'electric motor', 'major shareholder', 'top executive', 'other machinery', 'group company', 'Denso Corp.', 'major embarrassment', 'corporate culture', 'biggest shareholders', 'small models', 'shareholder proposal', 'No. 2 shareholder', 'proxy groups', 'proxy report', 'errant tests', 'faulty tests', 'collision tests', 'Japanese automakers', 'annual report', 'company headquarters', 'central Japan', 'safety problems', 'production methods', 'individual shareholders', 'Prius hybrid', 'Camry sedan', 'multi-pathway"" approach', 'gasoline engine', 'carbon neutrality', 'multi-pathway strategy', 'financial institutions', 'Parts maker', 'Glass Lewis', 'similar reasons', 'San Francisco', 'fiscal year', 'previous year', 'vehicle sales', 'overseas earnings', 'stock prices', 'latest troubles', 'improper checks', 'Hino Motors', 'right answer', 'ecological vehicles', '9.4 million vehicles', 'Toyota shareholders', 'Toyota city', 'Toyota officials', '4.9 trillion yen', 'leading automaker', 'vote tallies', 'annual meeting', ""shareholders' vote"", 'total shares', ""shareholders' meeting"", 'Shigeru Hayakawa', 'Akio Toyoda', '3,800 yen', '3,000 yen', 'support', 'proposals', 'grandson', 'founder', 'chairman', 'Details', 'majority', 'positions', 'attention', 'scandal', 'cheating', 'recalls', 'manufacturer', 'reputation', 'quality', 'world', 'times', 'feet', 'hybrids', 'hydrogen', 'fuel', 'recommendation', 'results', 'banks', 'insurers', '39% ownership', 'election', 'apology', 'investors', 'ISS', 'promises', 'reshuffling', 'recurrence', 'appointments', 'doubts', 'governance', 'March', 'profits', 'projections', 'truckmaker', 'forklifts', 'violations', 'challenges', 'everyone', 'earth', 'forces', 'mind', 'spirit', '96']",2024-06-18,2024-06-18,cnbctv18.com
42836,Deutsche Boerse,Bing API,https://business.inquirer.net/464318/grandson-of-toyota-founder-wins-shareholders-ok-to-stay-in-leadership,Grandson of Toyota founder wins shareholders’ OK to stay in leadership,Toyota shareholders voted Tuesday in support of all the company's proposals  including keeping Akio Toyoda  grandson of the Japanese automaker’s founder  as chairman on,TOKYO  Japan — Toyota shareholders voted Tuesday in support of all the company’s proposals  including keeping Akio Toyoda  grandson of the Japanese automaker’s founder  as chairman on the board.Details on the vote tallies were not immediately available. But the company confirmed the majority voted in support of its positions.ADVERTISEMENTA shareholder proposal requesting that Toyota issue an annual report on its climate-related lobbying activities was rejected.The annual meeting  held at company headquarters in Toyota City  central Japan  has drawn attention because Toyota and other major domestic makers have been embroiled in a scandal centered around fraudulent certification tests for vehicles.The cheating did not result in recalls or safety problems.READ: Toyota shareholders demand vote against chairman ToyodaStill  it’s a major embarrassment for a manufacturer with a reputation for quality whose production methods are studied around the world. Some individual shareholders asked about the scandal during the meeting.Toyota  which makes the Prius hybrid  Camry sedan  and Lexus luxury models  is at times seen as dragging its feet on climate change.Under Toyoda  it has pushed a “multi-pathway” approach to ecological vehicles  emphasizing hybrids  which have both a gasoline engine and electric motor  and using hydrogen for fuel instead of focusing on battery electric vehicles.ADVERTISEMENT“The group considers climate change measures to be one of its important management tasks and is fully concentrated on realizing carbon neutrality by 2050 ” Toyota said in explaining its recommendation on the shareholders’ vote.Multi-pathway strategyIt stressed its multi-pathway strategy and argued it was transparent and sincere about various environmental efforts.The results were expected because Toyota’s biggest shareholders among nearly 1 million are Japanese companies such as banks  insurers  and financial institutions that would be unlikely to challenge the automaker  at about 39 percent ownership of the total shares.Other corporate entities make up 25 percent  foreign corporate entities nearly 22 percent  and individual shareholders about 14 percent. Toyota Industries Corp.  a group company  is the No. 2 shareholder. Parts maker Denso Corp. is the sixth biggest shareholder.Last year  Toyoda won re-election with nearly 85 percent of the vote. That was down from 96% in 2022. How much he received this year is still unclear.READ: Japan automakers including Toyota hit by testing scandalToyota officials have repeatedly apologized for the fraudulent vehicle testing  and Chief Executive Koji Sato reiterated the apology at the shareholders’ meeting.Among proxy groups that wanted a vote against Toyoda was Institutional Shareholder Services  majority owned by the German capital market company Deutsche Borse Group  which advises investors.ISS said in its proxy report that Toyoda “should be considered ultimately accountable” because his promises for change did not involve a reshuffling of the board  which it believed was needed to prevent a recurrence of errant tests.It did not oppose the appointments of other board members  including Sato.Another major shareholder  proxy advisory company Glass Lewis & Co.  recommended voting against the reappointments of Toyoda and Shigeru Hayakawa  another top executive  citing similar reasons over the faulty tests that it said raised doubts about the company’s governance and corporate culture.Hayakawa oversaw appointments of board members  and more independent board members should be added  according to Glass Lewis  based in San Francisco.Profits doubledIn the fiscal year that ended in March  Toyota’s profits doubled from the previous year to 4.9 trillion yen ($31.9 billion)  exceeding its own projections  as vehicle sales surged and a weak Japanese yen inflated its overseas earnings. Toyota remains the world’s leading automaker  with sales of 9.4 million vehicles in the fiscal year that ended in March.READ: Toyota looks to overhaul EV strategy as new CEO takes chargeToyota’s stock prices had tripled over the last five years to nearly 3 800 yen ($24) before cascading downward amid its latest troubles. Its shares are now trading at above 3 000 yen ($20).The improper checks on vehicles  including collision tests  started surfacing last year and were found at Toyota group companies Daihatsu Motor Co.  which makes small models  truckmaker Hino Motors  and Toyota Industries  a manufacturer of forklifts and other machinery.The violations were also at Japanese automakers that aren’t part of the Toyota group  such as Honda Motor Co.  Mazda Motor Corp.  and Suzuki Motor Corp.“The issues we are facing today  including carbon neutrality  are challenges that everyone on earth needs to join forces in mind and spirit to tackle together ” Toyoda said ahead of the meeting.Your subscription could not be saved. Please try again. Your subscription has been successful. Subscribe to our daily newsletter SIGN ME UP“If we simply don’t know the right answer  let’s start by doing what we think is best.”,neutral,0.38,0.61,0.02,mixed,0.05,0.16,0.79,True,English,"['Toyota founder', 'Grandson', 'shareholders', 'leadership', 'Toyota group companies Daihatsu Motor Co.', 'German capital market company', 'other major domestic makers', 'Chief Executive Koji Sato', 'Honda Motor Co.', 'Mazda Motor Corp.', 'Suzuki Motor Corp.', 'climate-related lobbying activities', 'important management tasks', 'various environmental efforts', 'last five years', 'Deutsche Borse Group', 'Other corporate entities', 'foreign corporate entities', 'Lexus luxury models', 'Institutional Shareholder Services', 'fraudulent certification tests', 'fraudulent vehicle testing', 'sixth biggest shareholder', 'other board members', 'independent board members', 'climate change measures', 'proxy advisory company', 'battery electric vehicles', 'weak Japanese yen', 'Toyota Industries Corp.', 'Japanese companies', 'electric motor', 'major shareholder', 'top executive', 'other machinery', 'group company', 'Denso Corp.', 'major embarrassment', 'corporate culture', 'biggest shareholders', 'small models', 'shareholder proposal', 'No. 2 shareholder', 'proxy groups', 'proxy report', 'errant tests', 'faulty tests', 'collision tests', 'Japanese automakers', 'annual report', 'company headquarters', 'safety problems', 'production methods', 'individual shareholders', 'Prius hybrid', 'Camry sedan', 'multi-pathway” approach', 'gasoline engine', 'carbon neutrality', 'Multi-pathway strategy', 'financial institutions', 'Parts maker', 'Glass Lewis', 'similar reasons', 'San Francisco', 'fiscal year', 'previous year', 'vehicle sales', 'overseas earnings', 'EV strategy', 'new CEO', 'stock prices', 'latest troubles', 'improper checks', 'Hino Motors', 'daily newsletter', 'right answer', 'testing scandal', 'ecological vehicles', '9.4 million vehicles', '4.9 trillion yen', 'Toyota shareholders', 'Toyota City', 'Toyota officials', 'central Japan', 'Japan automakers', 'leading automaker', 'annual meeting', 'total shares', 'shareholders’ meeting', 'Shigeru Hayakawa', 'vote tallies', 'shareholders’ vote', 'Akio Toyoda', '39 percent ownership', 'chairman Toyoda', '3,800 yen', '3,000 yen', '25 percent', '22 percent', '14 percent', '85 percent', 'TOKYO', 'support', 'proposals', 'grandson', 'founder', 'Details', 'majority', 'positions', 'ADVERTISEMENT', 'attention', 'cheating', 'recalls', 'READ', 'manufacturer', 'reputation', 'quality', 'world', 'times', 'feet', 'hybrids', 'hydrogen', 'fuel', 'recommendation', 'results', 'banks', 'insurers', 'election', 'apology', 'investors', 'ISS', 'promises', 'reshuffling', 'recurrence', 'appointments', 'doubts', 'governance', 'Profits', 'March', 'projections', 'charge', 'truckmaker', 'forklifts', 'violations', 'challenges', 'everyone', 'earth', 'forces', 'mind', 'spirit', 'subscription', '96']",2024-06-18,2024-06-18,business.inquirer.net
42837,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/exploring-three-dividend-stocks-euronext-050635938.html,Exploring Three Dividend Stocks On Euronext Amsterdam,Amidst a backdrop of political uncertainties and fluctuating market conditions across Europe  the Euronext Amsterdam remains a focal point for investors...,Amidst a backdrop of political uncertainties and fluctuating market conditions across Europe  the Euronext Amsterdam remains a focal point for investors seeking stability through dividend stocks. In this context  understanding the intrinsic qualities that contribute to a robust dividend stock becomes crucial  especially in an environment where economic indicators and investor sentiment are rapidly evolving.Top 5 Dividend Stocks In The NetherlandsName Dividend Yield Dividend Rating Acomo (ENXTAM:ACOMO) 6.58% ★★★★★☆ ABN AMRO Bank (ENXTAM:ABN) 9.90% ★★★★☆☆ Randstad (ENXTAM:RAND) 5.02% ★★★★☆☆ Signify (ENXTAM:LIGHT) 6.77% ★★★★☆☆ Koninklijke Heijmans (ENXTAM:HEIJM) 4.41% ★★★★☆☆ Koninklijke KPN (ENXTAM:KPN) 4.29% ★★★★☆☆Click here to see the full list of 6 stocks from our Top Euronext Amsterdam Dividend Stocks screener.Here's a peek at a few of the choices from the screener.Simply Wall St Dividend Rating: ★★★★★☆Overview: Acomo N.V. operates in the sourcing  trading  processing  packaging  and distribution of conventional and organic food ingredients for the food and beverage industry across Europe  North America  and other international markets  with a market capitalization of approximately €517.72 million.Operations: Acomo N.V.'s revenue is generated from several segments including Tea (€120.62 million)  Edible Seeds (€257.29 million)  Food Solutions (€24.07 million)  Spices and Nuts (€429.96 million)  and Organic Ingredients (€436.38 million).Dividend Yield: 6.6%ACOMO's dividend yield of 6.58% ranks well in the Dutch market  but its dividend history shows volatility and unreliability over the past decade. Despite this  dividends are sustainably covered by earnings with a payout ratio of 85.7% and strongly supported by cash flows at a low cash payout ratio of 26.1%. However  concerns about ACOMO's high debt levels might caution dividend-focused investors  especially considering its unstable track record in maintaining consistent payouts.ENXTAM:ACOMO Dividend History as at Jun 2024Simply Wall St Dividend Rating: ★★★★☆☆Overview: Koninklijke Heijmans N.V. operates in property development  construction  and infrastructure sectors primarily in the Netherlands  with a market capitalization of approximately €541.88 million.Operations: Koninklijke Heijmans N.V. generates revenue through several segments  including Real Estate (€411.79 million)  Van Wanrooij (€124.76 million)  Infrastructure Works (€800.03 million)  and Construction & Technology (€1.08 billion).Story continuesDividend Yield: 4.4%Koninklijke Heijmans has shown a volatile dividend history over the past decade  with fluctuations in payments and a recent 1:1.1236 stock split announced for May 7  2024. Despite this instability  the dividends are reasonably covered by both earnings and cash flows  with payout ratios of 37.1% and 59% respectively. Earnings have grown at 19.4% annually over the last five years and are expected to increase by about 10.21% per year moving forward. However  its current dividend yield of €4.41 is below the top quartile in the Dutch market at €5.71.ENXTAM:HEIJM Dividend History as at Jun 2024Simply Wall St Dividend Rating: ★★★★☆☆Overview: Koninklijke KPN N.V. is a telecommunications and IT service provider in the Netherlands  with a market capitalization of approximately €13.74 billion.Operations: Koninklijke KPN N.V. generates revenue through three primary segments: Business (€1.84 billion)  Consumer (€2.93 billion)  and Wholesale (€0.70 billion).Dividend Yield: 4.3%Koninklijke KPN offers a modest dividend yield of 4.29%  below the top quartile in the Dutch market. Despite a volatile history  dividends have shown growth over the past decade. The current payout is supported by both earnings and cash flows  with payout ratios of 78.4% and 59.6% respectively  suggesting reasonable coverage but highlighting potential concerns about sustainability given its high level of debt and unstable track record. Recent strategic moves include forming TowerCo with ABP to optimize infrastructure assets  potentially enhancing long-term shareholder value without affecting employment levels; this includes an upfront payment of €120 million to NOVEC/OTC's shareholders and expected impacts on KPN’s EBITDA AL by approximately €30 million for 2024.ENXTAM:KPN Dividend History as at Jun 2024Seize The OpportunityAccess the full spectrum of 6 Top Euronext Amsterdam Dividend Stocks by clicking on this link.Invested in any of these stocks? Simplify your portfolio management with Simply Wall St and stay ahead with our alerts for any critical updates on your stocks.Elevate your portfolio with Simply Wall St  the ultimate app for investors seeking global market coverage.Ready To Venture Into Other Investment Styles?This article by Simply Wall St is general in nature. We provide commentary based on historical data and analyst forecasts only using an unbiased methodology and our articles are not intended to be financial advice. It does not constitute a recommendation to buy or sell any stock  and does not take account of your objectives  or your financial situation. We aim to bring you long-term focused analysis driven by fundamental data. Note that our analysis may not factor in the latest price-sensitive company announcements or qualitative material. Simply Wall St has no position in any stocks mentioned.Companies discussed in this article include ENXTAM:ACOMO ENXTAM:HEIJM and ENXTAM:KPN.Have feedback on this article? Concerned about the content? Get in touch with us directly. Alternatively  email editorial-team@simplywallst.com,neutral,0.02,0.98,0.0,negative,0.01,0.19,0.8,True,English,"['Three Dividend Stocks', 'Euronext Amsterdam', 'Top Euronext Amsterdam Dividend Stocks screener', 'Simply Wall St Dividend Rating', '6 Top Euronext Amsterdam Dividend Stocks', 'Dividend Yield Dividend Rating', 'Koninklijke Heijmans N.V.', 'Koninklijke KPN N.V.', 'low cash payout ratio', 'Top 5 Dividend Stocks', 'Acomo N.V.', 'other international markets', 'unstable track record', 'last five years', 'IT service provider', 'Recent strategic moves', 'long-term shareholder value', 'Other Investment Styles', 'modest dividend yield', 'robust dividend stock', 'volatile dividend history', 'KPN Dividend History', 'current dividend yield', 'recent 1:1.1236 stock split', 'three primary segments', 'fluctuating market conditions', 'ABN AMRO Bank', 'ACOMO Dividend History', 'HEIJM Dividend History', 'global market coverage', 'organic food ingredients', 'high debt levels', 'top quartile', 'volatile history', 'Organic Ingredients', 'current payout', 'cash flows', 'reasonable coverage', 'high level', 'employment levels', 'payout ratios', 'several segments', 'market capitalization', 'Dutch market', 'political uncertainties', 'focal point', 'intrinsic qualities', 'economic indicators', 'investor sentiment', 'full list', 'beverage industry', 'North America', 'Edible Seeds', 'Food Solutions', 'past decade', 'consistent payouts', 'property development', 'infrastructure sectors', 'Real Estate', 'Van Wanrooij', 'Infrastructure Works', 'infrastructure assets', 'upfront payment', 'The Opportunity', 'full spectrum', 'critical updates', 'ultimate app', 'historical data', 'analyst forecasts', 'unbiased methodology', 'financial advice', 'potential concerns', 'portfolio management', 'The Netherlands', 'dividend-focused investors', '6 stocks', 'backdrop', 'Europe', 'stability', 'context', 'environment', 'Name', 'ENXTAM', 'Randstad', 'LIGHT', 'peek', 'choices', 'Overview', 'sourcing', 'trading', 'processing', 'packaging', 'distribution', 'conventional', 'Operations', 'revenue', 'Tea', 'Spices', 'Nuts', 'volatility', 'unreliability', 'dividends', 'earnings', 'Jun', 'construction', 'Technology', 'fluctuations', 'payments', 'May', 'telecommunications', 'Business', 'Consumer', 'Wholesale', 'growth', 'sustainability', 'TowerCo', 'ABP', 'NOVEC/OTC', 'shareholders', 'impacts', 'EBITDA', 'link', 'alerts', 'article', 'nature', 'commentary', 'recommendation', 'account', 'obj', '10.', '2024']",2024-06-17,2024-06-18,finance.yahoo.com
42838,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://consent.yahoo.com/v2/collectConsent?sessionId=1_cc-session_74b3fae5-fdee-4c45-bd5a-fb33a822ced0,Exploring Three Potentially Undervalued Stocks On Euronext Amsterdam,,If you click 'Accept all'  we and our partners  including 238 who are part of the IAB Transparency &amp; Consent Framework  will also store and/or access information on a device (in other words  use … [+678 chars],neutral,0.01,0.93,0.06,neutral,0.02,0.97,0.01,True,English,"['Three Potentially Undervalued Stocks', 'Euronext Amsterdam', 'IAB Transparency', 'Consent Framework', 'other words', 'partners', 'information', 'device', '678 chars']",2024-06-17,2024-06-18,consent.yahoo.com
42839,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://consent.yahoo.com/v2/collectConsent?sessionId=1_cc-session_d7c55449-26fe-44b2-b06c-eb41bdd03989,Euronext Amsterdam Showcases Three Growth Companies With High Insider Ownership,,If you click 'Accept all'  we and our partners  including 238 who are part of the IAB Transparency &amp; Consent Framework  will also store and/or access information on a device (in other words  use … [+678 chars],neutral,0.05,0.94,0.01,neutral,0.02,0.97,0.01,True,English,"['Three Growth Companies', 'High Insider Ownership', 'Euronext Amsterdam', 'IAB Transparency', 'Consent Framework', 'other words', 'partners', 'information', 'device', '678 chars']",2024-06-17,2024-06-18,consent.yahoo.com
42840,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/exploring-three-top-growth-companies-050348486.html,Exploring Three Top Growth Companies With High Insider Ownership On Euronext Amsterdam,Amidst the broader European market's challenges  including political uncertainties and fluctuating bond yields  the Netherlands stands out with its robust...,Amidst the broader European market's challenges  including political uncertainties and fluctuating bond yields  the Netherlands stands out with its robust corporate sector. In this context  exploring growth companies with high insider ownership on Euronext Amsterdam offers a unique perspective on firms deeply rooted in their management's commitment to success.Top 5 Growth Companies With High Insider Ownership In The NetherlandsName Insider Ownership Earnings Growth BenevolentAI (ENXTAM:BAI) 27.8% 62.8% Envipco Holding (ENXTAM:ENVI) 15.1% 68.9% Ebusco Holding (ENXTAM:EBUS) 31.4% 115.2% MotorK (ENXTAM:MTRK) 35.8% 105.8% Basic-Fit (ENXTAM:BFIT) 12% 66.1% PostNL (ENXTAM:PNL) 30.8% 24.2%Click here to see the full list of 6 stocks from our Fast Growing Euronext Amsterdam Companies With High Insider Ownership screener.Let's take a closer look at a couple of our picks from the screened companies.Simply Wall St Growth Rating: ★★★★★☆Overview: Envipco Holding N.V. specializes in designing  developing  manufacturing  and selling or leasing reverse vending machines for recycling used beverage containers  operating mainly in the Netherlands  North America  and Europe with a market cap of approximately €351.91 million.Operations: The company primarily generates revenue through the design  development  manufacture  and sale or lease of reverse vending machines in the Netherlands  North America  and Europe.Insider Ownership: 15.1%Earnings Growth Forecast: 68.9% p.a.Envipco Holding N.V. has shown promising growth  with earnings expected to increase by 68.9% annually  significantly outpacing the Dutch market's 16.4%. Despite trading at 76.7% below its estimated fair value and experiencing high share price volatility recently  the company's revenue growth also exceeds market expectations at an annual rate of 33.6%. Notably  Envipco turned profitable this year with a substantial increase in sales to €27.44 million in Q1 2024 from €10.41 million the previous year  alongside a shift from a net loss to a net income of €0.147 million.ENXTAM:ENVI Ownership Breakdown as at Jun 2024Simply Wall St Growth Rating: ★★★★★☆Overview: MotorK plc operates as a provider of software-as-a-service solutions for the automotive retail industry across Italy  Spain  France  Germany  and the Benelux Union  with a market capitalization of approximately €272.10 million.Story continuesOperations: The company generates its revenue primarily from software and programming services  totaling €42.94 million.Insider Ownership: 35.8%Earnings Growth Forecast: 105.8% p.a.MotorK  amidst recent executive changes  is poised for notable growth with its revenue forecast to rise by 24% annually  outpacing the Dutch market average of 9.5%. Despite a slight decline in Q1 2024 revenues to €11.25 million from €11.43 million year-over-year and shareholder dilution over the past year  earnings are expected to surge by approximately 105.85% annually over the next three years as it moves towards profitability.ENXTAM:MTRK Earnings and Revenue Growth as at Jun 2024Simply Wall St Growth Rating: ★★★★☆☆Overview: PostNL N.V. offers postal and logistics services across the Netherlands  Europe  and globally  with a market capitalization of approximately €0.69 billion.Operations: The company's revenue is generated from two primary segments: Packages (€2.25 billion) and Mail in the Netherlands (€1.35 billion).Insider Ownership: 30.8%Earnings Growth Forecast: 24.2% p.a.PostNL  despite a challenging first quarter in 2024 with sales dropping to €763 million and a net loss of €20 million  is anticipated to see earnings growth outpace the broader Dutch market. Expected annual profit growth is forecasted at 24.2% per year against the market's 16.4%. However  revenue growth projections remain modest at 3.4% annually  below the Dutch average of 9.5%. The company recently engaged in sustainable bond offerings totaling nearly €300 million  underscoring its commitment to sustainability despite financial volatility and high debt levels.ENXTAM:PNL Earnings and Revenue Growth as at Jun 2024Next StepsClick here to access our complete index of 6 Fast Growing Euronext Amsterdam Companies With High Insider Ownership.Have a stake in these businesses? Integrate your holdings into Simply Wall St's portfolio for notifications and detailed stock reports.Simply Wall St is your key to unlocking global market trends  a free user-friendly app for forward-thinking investors.Interested In Other Possibilities?This article by Simply Wall St is general in nature. We provide commentary based on historical data and analyst forecasts only using an unbiased methodology and our articles are not intended to be financial advice. It does not constitute a recommendation to buy or sell any stock  and does not take account of your objectives  or your financial situation. We aim to bring you long-term focused analysis driven by fundamental data. Note that our analysis may not factor in the latest price-sensitive company announcements or qualitative material. Simply Wall St has no position in any stocks mentioned.The analysis only considers stock directly held by insiders. It does not include indirectly owned stock through other vehicles such as corporate and/or trust entities. All forecast revenue and earnings growth rates quoted are in terms of annualised (per annum) growth rates over 1-3 years.Companies discussed in this article include ENXTAM:ENVI ENXTAM:MTRK and ENXTAM:PNL.Have feedback on this article? Concerned about the content? Get in touch with us directly. Alternatively  email editorial-team@simplywallst.com,neutral,0.05,0.94,0.01,negative,0.01,0.29,0.7,True,English,"['Three Top Growth Companies', 'High Insider Ownership', 'Euronext Amsterdam', 'Name Insider Ownership Earnings Growth BenevolentAI', 'Fast Growing Euronext Amsterdam Companies', 'Simply Wall St Growth Rating', 'high share price volatility', 'High Insider Ownership screener', 'latest price-sensitive company announcements', 'Envipco Holding N.V.', 'high debt levels', 'Top 5 Growth Companies', 'fluctuating bond yields', 'robust corporate sector', 'reverse vending machines', 'automotive retail industry', 'recent executive changes', 'PostNL N.V.', 'two primary segments', 'challenging first quarter', 'sustainable bond offerings', 'free user-friendly app', 'annual profit growth', 'next three years', 'Earnings Growth Forecast', 'broader European market', 'global market trends', 'ENVI Ownership Breakdown', 'detailed stock reports', 'long-term focused analysis', 'revenue growth projections', 'broader Dutch market', 'Dutch market average', 'promising growth', 'notable growth', 'Ebusco Holding', 'Dutch average', 'financial volatility', 'annual rate', 'revenue forecast', 'Next Steps', 'market cap', 'market expectations', 'MTRK Earnings', 'PNL Earnings', 'political uncertainties', 'unique perspective', 'full list', 'closer look', 'beverage containers', 'North America', 'fair value', 'substantial increase', 'net loss', 'net income', 'service solutions', 'Benelux Union', 'programming services', 'slight decline', 'shareholder dilution', 'logistics services', 'complete index', 'thinking investors', 'Other Possibilities', 'historical data', 'analyst forecasts', 'unbiased methodology', 'financial advice', 'financial situation', 'fundamental data', 'qualitative material', 'previous year', 'Q1 2024 revenues', 'past year', 'MotorK plc', 'The Netherlands', 'challenges', 'context', 'firms', 'management', 'commitment', 'success', 'ENXTAM', 'BAI', 'Basic-Fit', 'BFIT', '6 stocks', 'couple', 'picks', 'Overview', 'recycling', 'Operations', 'design', 'development', 'manufacture', 'sale', 'lease', 'trading', 'shift', 'Jun', 'provider', 'software', 'Italy', 'Spain', 'France', 'Germany', 'Story', 'profitability', 'postal', 'Packages', 'Mail', 'sustainability', 'stake', 'businesses', 'holdings', 'portfolio', 'notifications', 'key', 'forward', 'article', 'nature', 'commentary', 'recommendation', 'account', 'objectives', 'posit', '24.2', '16.']",2024-06-17,2024-06-18,finance.yahoo.com
42841,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/euronext-paris-growth-stocks-insider-143402780.html,Euronext Paris Growth Stocks With Insider Ownership And Minimum 11% Revenue Increase,Amidst a backdrop of political uncertainty and fluctuating market sentiments across Europe  the French market has shown resilience  with particular interest ...,Amidst a backdrop of political uncertainty and fluctuating market sentiments across Europe  the French market has shown resilience  with particular interest in growth companies that boast high insider ownership. These firms not only demonstrate confidence from those closest to the helm but also offer intriguing prospects for revenue growth  aligning well with current market dynamics where investors are keenly focused on sustainable earnings potential.Top 10 Growth Companies With High Insider Ownership In FranceName Insider Ownership Earnings Growth VusionGroup (ENXTPA:VU) 13.5% 25.2% Groupe OKwind Société anonyme (ENXTPA:ALOKW) 24.8% 30.6% La Française de l'Energie (ENXTPA:FDE) 20.1% 37.7% Adocia (ENXTPA:ADOC) 12.1% 104.5% OSE Immunotherapeutics (ENXTPA:OSE) 25.6% 79.3% Icape Holding (ENXTPA:ALICA) 30.2% 26.1% Arcure (ENXTPA:ALCUR) 21.4% 42.4% Munic (ENXTPA:ALMUN) 29.4% 150% WALLIX GROUP (ENXTPA:ALLIX) 19.8% 101.6% MedinCell (ENXTPA:MEDCL) 16.4% 74.6%Click here to see the full list of 21 stocks from our Fast Growing Euronext Paris Companies With High Insider Ownership screener.Let's explore several standout options from the results in the screener.Simply Wall St Growth Rating: ★★★★☆☆Overview: Lectra SA specializes in industrial intelligence solutions targeting the fashion  automotive  and furniture sectors across Northern Europe  Southern Europe  the Americas  and Asia Pacific  with a market capitalization of approximately €1.03 billion.Operations: The company generates revenue from the Americas and Asia-Pacific regions  amounting to €170.33 million and €110.28 million respectively.Insider Ownership: 19.6%Revenue Growth Forecast: 11.3% p.a.Lectra  a French growth company with high insider ownership  recently reported a slight decline in net income and earnings per share for Q1 2024  with sales increasing to €129.56 million. Despite this dip  the firm is trading at 36.7% below its estimated fair value and analysts predict a significant price increase of 30.8%. Expected to outpace the French market  Lectra's revenue and earnings are forecasted to grow by 11.3% and 28.6% per year respectively  though its projected return on equity remains low at 13.3%.ENXTPA:LSS Earnings and Revenue Growth as at Jun 2024Simply Wall St Growth Rating: ★★★★★☆Overview: MedinCell S.A. is a French pharmaceutical company specializing in the development of long-acting injectable medications across multiple therapeutic areas  with a market capitalization of approximately €405.10 million.Story continuesOperations: The company generates its revenue primarily from the pharmaceuticals segment  totaling €11.95 million.Insider Ownership: 16.4%Revenue Growth Forecast: 42.9% p.a.MedinCell  a French biotech firm with high insider ownership  faces challenges and opportunities. Despite a recent earnings report showing decreased sales and revenue  the company's net loss improved from EUR 32.01 million to EUR 25.04 million year-over-year. MedinCell is actively engaging in significant collaborations  like the one with AbbVie potentially worth up to US$1.9 billion in milestones  highlighting its innovative long-acting injectable technology platform's potential across various therapeutic areas. However  the company has less than one year of cash runway and has experienced shareholder dilution over the past year  underscoring some financial vulnerabilities amidst its growth trajectory.ENXTPA:MEDCL Ownership Breakdown as at Jun 2024Simply Wall St Growth Rating: ★★★★★★Overview: VusionGroup S.A. is a company that offers digitalization solutions for commerce across Europe  Asia  and North America  with a market capitalization of approximately €2.14 billion.Operations: The company generates revenue primarily through the installation and maintenance of electronic shelf labels  contributing €801.96 million.Insider Ownership: 13.5%Revenue Growth Forecast: 21.9% p.a.VusionGroup S.A.  a French company with high insider ownership  has shown robust growth with earnings surging by 320.8% last year and revenues up from €620.86 million to €801.96 million. Forecasts suggest earnings will grow by 25.24% annually  outpacing the French market's 11.1%. Despite this strong performance  the company's share price remains volatile  presenting potential risks for investors. Analysts predict a significant price increase of 41.6%  reflecting confidence in its future prospects despite market challenges.ENXTPA:VU Ownership Breakdown as at Jun 2024Summing It All UpUnlock our comprehensive list of 21 Fast Growing Euronext Paris Companies With High Insider Ownership by clicking here.Are any of these part of your asset mix? Tap into the analytical power of Simply Wall St's portfolio to get a 360-degree view on how they're shaping up.Simply Wall St is your key to unlocking global market trends  a free user-friendly app for forward-thinking investors.Ready For A Different Approach?This article by Simply Wall St is general in nature. We provide commentary based on historical data and analyst forecasts only using an unbiased methodology and our articles are not intended to be financial advice. It does not constitute a recommendation to buy or sell any stock  and does not take account of your objectives  or your financial situation. We aim to bring you long-term focused analysis driven by fundamental data. Note that our analysis may not factor in the latest price-sensitive company announcements or qualitative material. Simply Wall St has no position in any stocks mentioned.The analysis only considers stock directly held by insiders. It does not include indirectly owned stock through other vehicles such as corporate and/or trust entities. All forecast revenue and earnings growth rates quoted are in terms of annualised (per annum) growth rates over 1-3 years.Companies discussed in this article include ENXTPA:LSS ENXTPA:MEDCL and ENXTPA:VU.Have feedback on this article? Concerned about the content? Get in touch with us directly. Alternatively  email editorial-team@simplywallst.com,neutral,0.02,0.97,0.01,mixed,0.19,0.19,0.62,True,English,"['Euronext Paris Growth Stocks', 'Minimum 11% Revenue Increase', 'Insider Ownership', 'Groupe OKwind Société anonyme', 'innovative long-acting injectable technology platform', 'Fast Growing Euronext Paris Companies', 'Name Insider Ownership Earnings Growth VusionGroup', 'Simply Wall St Growth Rating', 'La Française de', 'High Insider Ownership screener', 'ENXTPA:MEDCL Ownership Breakdown', 'Top 10 Growth Companies', 'acting injectable medications', 'VusionGroup S.A.', 'several standout options', 'multiple therapeutic areas', 'various therapeutic areas', 'electronic shelf labels', 'free user-friendly app', 'VU Ownership Breakdown', 'industrial intelligence solutions', 'significant price increase', 'fluctuating market sentiments', 'current market dynamics', 'global market trends', 'recent earnings report', 'Revenue Growth Forecast', 'MedinCell S.A.', 'French biotech firm', 'sustainable earnings potential', 'French growth company', 'French pharmaceutical company', 'growth trajectory', 'robust growth', 'French market', 'significant collaborations', 'digitalization solutions', 'market capitalization', 'LSS Earnings', 'share price', 'political uncertainty', 'particular interest', 'intriguing prospects', 'Icape Holding', 'WALLIX GROUP', 'full list', 'furniture sectors', 'Asia-Pacific regions', 'slight decline', 'net income', 'fair value', 'projected return', 'pharmaceuticals segment', 'net loss', 'cash runway', 'shareholder dilution', 'financial vulnerabilities', 'North America', 'strong performance', 'potential risks', 'future prospects', 'comprehensive list', 'asset mix', 'analytical power', '360-degree view', 'Different Approach', 'historical data', 'unbiased methodology', 'French company', 'market challenges', 'one year', 'past year', 'OSE Immunotherapeutics', 'Northern Europe', 'Southern Europe', 'Asia Pacific', 'analyst forecasts', 'Lectra SA', 'thinking investors', 'backdrop', 'resilience', 'firms', 'confidence', 'helm', 'France', 'ALOKW', 'Energie', 'FDE', 'Adocia', 'ALICA', 'Arcure', 'ALCUR', 'Munic', 'ALMUN', '21 stocks', 'results', 'Overview', 'fashion', 'automotive', 'Americas', 'Operations', 'Q1', 'sales', 'dip', 'analysts', 'equity', 'Jun', 'development', 'Story', 'opportunities', 'AbbVie', 'milestones', 'less', 'commerce', 'installation', 'maintenance', 'revenues', 'portfolio', 'key', 'forward', 'article', 'nature', 'commentary', '19.', '30.']",2024-06-17,2024-06-18,finance.yahoo.com
42842,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://consent.yahoo.com/v2/collectConsent?sessionId=1_cc-session_af3a3996-1fcd-4b26-be7b-622fb31138d0,Delfingen Industry And Two More Top Dividend Stocks On Euronext Paris,,If you click 'Accept all'  we and our partners  including 238 who are part of the IAB Transparency &amp; Consent Framework  will also store and/or access information on a device (in other words  use … [+678 chars],neutral,0.05,0.94,0.01,neutral,0.02,0.97,0.01,True,English,"['Two More Top Dividend Stocks', 'Delfingen Industry', 'Euronext Paris', 'IAB Transparency', 'Consent Framework', 'other words', 'partners', 'information', 'device', '678 chars']",2024-06-17,2024-06-18,consent.yahoo.com
42843,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/kaufman-broad-two-additional-stocks-060237647.html,Kaufman & Broad And Two Additional Stocks Estimated To Be Undervalued On Euronext Paris,Amidst a backdrop of political uncertainty and fluctuating market indices  the French stock market has experienced notable volatility  reflecting broader...,Amidst a backdrop of political uncertainty and fluctuating market indices  the French stock market has experienced notable volatility  reflecting broader trends seen across European financial markets. In such an environment  identifying undervalued stocks such as Kaufman & Broad becomes crucial  as these may present opportunities for investors seeking value in a turbulent market landscape.Top 10 Undervalued Stocks Based On Cash Flows In FranceName Current Price Fair Value (Est) Discount (Est) Vente-Unique.com (ENXTPA:ALVU) €14.70 €29.25 49.7% Airbus (ENXTPA:AIR) €143.82 €218.99 34.3% Kaufman & Broad (ENXTPA:KOF) €27.90 €53.14 47.5% Lectra (ENXTPA:LSS) €27.30 €43.10 36.7% Groupe OKwind Société anonyme (ENXTPA:ALOKW) €18.52 €34.09 45.7% Vivendi (ENXTPA:VIV) €9.50 €15.41 38.4% Tikehau Capital (ENXTPA:TKO) €21.20 €32.14 34% ENENSYS Technologies (ENXTPA:ALNN6) €0.58 €1.11 47.8% Thales (ENXTPA:HO) €150.30 €258.88 41.9% Groupe Airwell Société anonyme (ENXTPA:ALAIR) €3.88 €6.72 42.3%Click here to see the full list of 17 stocks from our Undervalued Euronext Paris Stocks Based On Cash Flows screener.Let's review some notable picks from our screened stocksOverview: Kaufman & Broad S.A. is a French property developer and builder with a market capitalization of approximately €575.52 million.Operations: This French property developer generates its revenue from various construction and development projects across France.Estimated Discount To Fair Value: 47.5%Kaufman & Broad S.A. recently reported a significant drop in quarterly sales and net income  with figures falling to €228 million and €11.05 million respectively from higher values last year. Despite this downturn  the company is perceived as undervalued based on discounted cash flow analysis  trading at 47.5% below the estimated fair value of €53.14. Analysts expect an earnings growth of 13.41% per year  outpacing the French market's forecast of 11.1%  and project a potential stock price increase of 21.3%. However  its dividend track record remains unstable.ENXTPA:KOF Discounted Cash Flow as at Jun 2024Overview: Lectra SA specializes in industrial intelligence solutions for the fashion  automotive  and furniture industries across Northern Europe  Southern Europe  the Americas  and Asia Pacific  with a market capitalization of approximately €1.03 billion.Operations: Lectra's revenue is primarily generated from the Americas and Asia Pacific regions  with contributions of €170.33 million and €110.28 million respectively.Story continuesEstimated Discount To Fair Value: 36.7%Lectra SA  despite a slight decline in net income and EPS in its recent quarterly report with earnings of €7.17 million and EPS at €0.19  shows promise as an undervalued stock based on cash flows. Currently trading at €27.3  significantly below the estimated fair value of €43.1  it offers good value relative to peers and industry benchmarks. Analysts forecast robust annual earnings growth at 28.6% and revenue growth at 11.3%  both surpassing the French market averages  supporting a potential price increase of 30.8%.ENXTPA:LSS Discounted Cash Flow as at Jun 2024Overview: Tikehau Capital is a private equity and venture capital firm that offers a variety of financing products such as senior secured loans  equity  and mezzanine; it has a market capitalization of approximately €3.67 billion.Operations: The firm generates revenue through two main segments: Investment Activities  which brought in €179.19 million  and Asset Management Activities  contributing €322.32 million.Estimated Discount To Fair Value: 34%Tikehau Capital  trading at €21.2  is valued below its fair value of €32.14  indicating a potential undervaluation by 34%. Despite a dividend increase to €0.75 per share in May 2024  the payout is poorly supported by cash flows. Profit margins have declined from last year's 53.2% to 35.2%  and while earnings are expected to grow significantly at an annual rate of about 31%  this growth surpasses the French market's average of 11.1%. Revenue forecasts also exceed local market trends but fall short of the ambitious 20% threshold.ENXTPA:TKO Discounted Cash Flow as at Jun 2024Where To Now?Get an in-depth perspective on all 17 Undervalued Euronext Paris Stocks Based On Cash Flows by using our screener here.Already own these companies? Bring clarity to your investment decisions by linking up your portfolio with Simply Wall St  where you can monitor all the vital signs of your stocks effortlessly.Enhance your investing ability with the Simply Wall St app and enjoy free access to essential market intelligence spanning every continent.Curious About Other Options?This article by Simply Wall St is general in nature. We provide commentary based on historical data and analyst forecasts only using an unbiased methodology and our articles are not intended to be financial advice. It does not constitute a recommendation to buy or sell any stock  and does not take account of your objectives  or your financial situation. We aim to bring you long-term focused analysis driven by fundamental data. Note that our analysis may not factor in the latest price-sensitive company announcements or qualitative material. Simply Wall St has no position in any stocks mentioned.Companies discussed in this article include ENXTPA:KOF ENXTPA:LSS and ENXTPA:TKO.Have feedback on this article? Concerned about the content? Get in touch with us directly. Alternatively  email editorial-team@simplywallst.com,negative,0.06,0.4,0.55,mixed,0.15,0.27,0.59,True,English,"['Two Additional Stocks', 'Euronext Paris', 'Kaufman', 'Broad', 'Groupe OKwind Société anonyme', 'Groupe Airwell Société anonyme', 'Simply Wall St app', 'Undervalued Euronext Paris Stocks', 'potential stock price increase', 'Current Price Fair Value', 'robust annual earnings growth', 'LSS Discounted Cash Flow', 'potential price increase', 'industrial intelligence solutions', 'senior secured loans', 'two main segments', 'long-term focused analysis', 'French property developer', 'fluctuating market indices', 'turbulent market landscape', 'essential market intelligence', 'dividend track record', 'recent quarterly report', 'Asset Management Activities', 'European financial markets', 'Top 10 Undervalued Stocks', 'French market averages', 'cash flow analysis', 'local market trends', 'Broad S.A.', 'Asia Pacific regions', 'French stock market', 'venture capital firm', 'Cash Flows screener', 'dividend increase', 'potential undervaluation', 'annual rate', 'market capitalization', 'broader trends', 'quarterly sales', 'Investment Activities', 'financial advice', 'financial situation', 'Tikehau Capital', 'good value', 'political uncertainty', 'notable volatility', 'ENENSYS Technologies', 'full list', 'notable picks', 'various construction', 'development projects', 'significant drop', 'net income', 'higher values', 'furniture industries', 'Northern Europe', 'Southern Europe', 'slight decline', 'industry benchmarks', 'financing products', 'Profit margins', 'ambitious 20% threshold', 'depth perspective', 'investment decisions', 'vital signs', 'investing ability', 'free access', 'Other Options', 'historical data', 'analyst forecasts', 'unbiased methodology', 'revenue growth', 'Lectra SA', 'private equity', 'Revenue forecasts', 'last year', '17 stocks', 'backdrop', 'environment', 'Kaufman', 'opportunities', 'investors', 'France', 'Name', 'Unique', 'ENXTPA', 'ALVU', 'KOF', 'ALOKW', 'Vivendi', 'TKO', 'ALNN', 'Thales', 'ALAIR', 'Overview', 'builder', 'Operations', 'figures', 'downturn', 'company', 'Analysts', 'Jun', 'fashion', 'Americas', 'contributions', 'Story', 'EPS', 'promise', 'peers', 'variety', 'mezzanine', 'share', 'May', 'payout', 'companies', 'clarity', 'portfolio', 'continent', 'article', 'nature', 'commentary', 'recommendation', 'account', 'objectives', 'fundamenta']",2024-06-17,2024-06-18,finance.yahoo.com
42844,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://consent.yahoo.com/v2/collectConsent?sessionId=1_cc-session_a5d4539e-60e5-46c3-a263-bc011c341d30,Euronext Paris Growth Stocks With High Insider Ownership And 11% Revenue Increase,,If you click 'Accept all'  we and our partners  including 238 who are part of the IAB Transparency &amp; Consent Framework  will also store and/or access information on a device (in other words  use … [+678 chars],neutral,0.12,0.88,0.01,neutral,0.02,0.97,0.01,True,English,"['Euronext Paris Growth Stocks', 'High Insider Ownership', '11% Revenue Increase', 'IAB Transparency', 'Consent Framework', 'other words', 'partners', 'information', 'device', '678 chars']",2024-06-17,2024-06-18,consent.yahoo.com
42845,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://consent.yahoo.com/v2/collectConsent?sessionId=1_cc-session_5f531836-5fc1-4797-b8ca-8a9416e68f82,Italian trade unions call first strike at Milan bourse,"Italian banking sector trade unions on Monday announced the first ever strike at Milan's stock exchange  accusing bourse owner Euronext of ""constant  systematic and overall disinvestment from Italy"". Euronext has owned Borsa Italiana since April 2021. Trade u…","Italian banking sector trade unions on Monday announced the first ever strike at Milan's stock exchange  accusing bourse owner Euronext of ""constant  systematic and overall disinvestment from Italy"". Euronext has owned Borsa Italiana since April 2021. Trade u…",neutral,0.04,0.6,0.36,negative,0.03,0.22,0.75,True,English,"['Italian trade unions', 'first strike', 'Milan bourse', 'Italian banking sector trade unions', 'stock exchange', 'bourse owner', 'constant, systematic', 'overall disinvestment', 'Borsa Italiana', 'Monday', 'first', 'strike', 'Milan', 'Euronext', 'Italy', 'April']",2024-06-17,2024-06-18,consent.yahoo.com
42846,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/EURONEXT-N-V-16725768/news/Italian-trade-unions-call-first-strike-at-Milan-bourse-46986449/,Italian trade unions call first strike at Milan bourse,"(marketscreener.com) Italian banking sector trade unions on Monday announced the first ever strike at Milan's stock exchange  accusing bourse owner Euronext of ""constant  systematic and overall disinvestment from Italy"".  Euronext has owned Borsa Italiana si…","ROME (Reuters) - Italian banking sector trade unions on Monday announced the first ever strike at Milan's stock exchange  accusing bourse owner Euronext of ""constant  systematic and overall disinvestment from Italy"".Euronext has owned Borsa Italiana since April 2021.Trade unions Fabi  First Cisl and Fisac Cgil  denouncing ""the emptying out of Italian structures"" by Euronext  scheduled the strike for the last two working hours of June 27  followed by other forms of worker protests in the following days.A spokesperson for Fabi said unions are demanding a wage hike for their members of about 400-600 euros ($430-640) a month. He said he expected the strike to have some impact on trading.""Euronext and the Borsa Italiana Group work constructively with trade union representatives to achieve the growth objectives of Italian companies and the group "" Euronext responded in a statement.The stock exchange operator  which also runs bourses in Paris  Amsterdam and elsewhere in Europe  said it had over the last year created more than 100 jobs in Italy and invested heavily in training and workers' bonuses.It said it was confident it would manage to engage in a ""constructive dialogue"" with unions.($1 = 0.9334 euros)(Reporting by Romolo Tosiani; Editing by Alvise Armellini and Jan Harvey)",neutral,0.04,0.6,0.36,negative,0.06,0.33,0.61,True,English,"['Italian trade unions', 'first strike', 'Milan bourse', 'Italian banking sector trade unions', 'last two working hours', 'trade union representatives', 'Trade unions Fabi', 'stock exchange operator', 'first ever strike', 'Borsa Italiana Group', 'Italian structures', 'Italian companies', 'last year', 'First Cisl', 'bourse owner', 'constant, systematic', 'overall disinvestment', 'Fisac Cgil', 'other forms', 'worker protests', 'following days', 'wage hike', 'growth objectives', ""workers' bonuses"", 'constructive dialogue', 'Romolo Tosiani', 'Alvise Armellini', 'Jan Harvey', '400-600 euros', '0.9334 euros', 'ROME', 'Reuters', 'Monday', 'Milan', 'Euronext', 'Italy', 'April', 'June', 'spokesperson', 'members', 'impact', 'trading', 'statement', 'bourses', 'Paris', 'Amsterdam', 'Europe', '100 jobs', 'training', 'Editing']",2024-06-17,2024-06-18,marketscreener.com
42847,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2024/06/17/2899933/0/en/Quadient-SA-Approval-of-all-resolutions-by-the-combined-Shareholders-meeting-of-14-June-2024.html,Quadient SA - Approval of all resolutions by the combined Shareholders’ meeting of 14 June 2024,Approval of all resolutions by the combined Shareholders’ meeting of 14 June 2024  Paris  17 June 2024  Quadient (Euronext Paris: QDT) is a...,Approval of all resolutions by the combined Shareholders’ meeting of 14 June 2024Paris  17 June 2024Quadient (Euronext Paris: QDT) is a French-based intelligent automation company with c.15% of its revenues in France and mainly exposed to North American  where it generated 57% of its revenue during the fiscal year 2023. With three synergistic activities and a mainly subscription-based business model  the Company generates 70% of its sales in the form of recurring revenues. Following the conclusion of its Back to Growth strategy  announced in March 2024  Quadient will publish its new strategic plan on 19 June 2024. Full details are available on the Group's website: Capital Markets Day.The combined Annual General Meeting of Quadient was held on 14 June 2024  under the chairmanship of Mr. Didier Lamouche. All submitted resolutions were ratified  with an attendance rate of 74.19% (quorum for ordinary and extraordinary resolutions).The Annual General Meeting approved the renewal of the three-year terms of directorship of Hélène Boulet-Supau  Geoffrey Godet  Richard Troksa. Vincent Mercier’s directorship was renewed for an 18-month term  until 31 December 2025. The Annual General Meeting also approved the co-option and approved the renewal for a three-year term of Bpifrance Investissement  represented by Emmanuel Blot.Following the Annual General Meeting  at a meeting held on the same day  the Board of Directors reappointed Geoffrey Godet as Chief Executive Officer for the duration of his directorship and decided on the composition of the Board's committees.The composition of the Board of Directors and its committees is as follows:Didier Lamouche  director and Chairman of the Board of directors;Geoffrey Godet  director and Chief Executive Officer;Martha Bejar  director and chairwoman of the Appointments and remuneration committee;Hélène Boulet-Supau  director and chairwoman of the Audit committee;Richard Troksa  director and chairman of the Strategy & ESG committee;Bpifrance Investissement  represented by Emmanuel Blot  director and member of the Strategy & ESG committee;Éric Courteille  director and member of the Audit and Strategy & ESG committees;Paula Felstead  director and member of the Audit committee;Vincent Mercier  director and member of the Appointments and remuneration committee;Nathalie Wright  director and member of the Strategy & ESG and Appointments & remuneration Committees;Valérie Colin  employee representative director;Christophe Liaudon  employee representative director.The Annual General Meeting approved the resolutions concerning the remuneration for fiscal year 2023 and the remuneration policy for fiscal year 2024 for the Chairman of the Board of Directors  the Chief Executive Officer and all directors.The Annual General Meeting also approved the appointment of Ernst & Young et Autres and Mazars S.A. as Statutory Auditors in charge of certifying sustainability information.The Annual General Meeting also renewed all delegations of authority and financial authorizations granted to the Board of Directors. The Annual General Meeting also approved the payment of a cash dividend of 0.65 euro per share. The dividend will be paid in a single instalment on 7 August 2024.Consolidated voting results are available on the Quadient Investor Relations website (https://invest.quadient.com/en/annual-general-meetings).AgendaOn 23 September 2024  Quadient will publish its first half-year 2024 results.About Quadient®Quadient is the driving force behind the world’s most meaningful customer experiences. By focusing on three key solution areas  Intelligent Communication Automation  Parcel Locker Solutions and Mail-Related Solutions  Quadient helps simplify the connection between people and what matters. Quadient supports hundreds of thousands of customers worldwide in their quest to create relevant  personalized connections and achieve customer experience excellence. Quadient is listed in compartment B of Euronext Paris (QDT) and is part of the CAC® Mid & Small and EnterNext® Tech 40 indices. Quadient shares are eligible for PEA-PME investing.For more information about Quadient  visit https://invest.quadient.com/ContactsCatherine Hubert-Dorel  Quadient+33 (0)1 45 36 30 56c.hubert-dorel@quadient.comfinancial-communication@quadient.comCaroline Baude  Quadient+33 (0)1 45 36 31 82c.baude@quadient.com OPRG FinancialIsabelle Laurent / Fabrice Baron+33 (0)1 53 32 61 51 /+33 (0)1 53 32 61 27isabelle.laurent@oprgfinancial.frfabrice.baron@oprgfinancial.frAttachment,neutral,0.12,0.87,0.01,neutral,0.04,0.95,0.01,True,English,"['Quadient SA', 'Shareholders’ meeting', 'Approval', 'resolutions', 'combined', '14 June 2024', 'Hélène Boulet-Supau', 'three key solution areas', 'The Annual General Meeting', 'combined Annual General Meeting', 'French-based intelligent automation company', 'Quadient Investor Relations website', 'three synergistic activities', 'subscription-based business model', 'new strategic plan', 'Chief Executive Officer', 'Valérie Colin', 'Mazars S.A.', 'Consolidated voting results', 'first half-year 2024 results', 'meaningful customer experiences', 'Intelligent Communication Automation', 'relevant, personalized connections', 'customer experience excellence', 'EnterNext® Tech 40 indices', 'Capital Markets Day', 'Parcel Locker Solutions', 'Mr. Didier Lamouche', 'employee representative director', 'Shareholders’ meeting', 'same day', 'Mail-Related Solutions', 'North American', 'fiscal year', 'Full details', 'attendance rate', 'three-year terms', 'Geoffrey Godet', 'Richard Troksa', 'Vincent Mercier', '18-month term', 'Bpifrance Investissement', 'Emmanuel Blot.', 'Martha Bejar', 'Éric Courteille', 'Paula Felstead', 'Nathalie Wright', 'Christophe Liaudon', 'Statutory Auditors', 'financial authorizations', 'single instalment', 'driving force', 'compartment B', 'CAC® Mid', 'PEA-PME investing', 'OPRG Financial', 'remuneration committee', 'remuneration policy', 'ESG committee', 'Euronext Paris', 'Audit committee', 'recurring revenues', 'sustainability information', 'cash dividend', 'Catherine Hubert-Dorel', 'Caroline Baude', 'extraordinary resolutions', 'Quadient shares', 'Growth strategy', 'Isabelle Laurent', 'Fabrice Baron', 'committees', 'Quadient®', 'Approval', '14 June', '17 June', 'QDT', 'sales', 'conclusion', 'Back', 'March', '19 June', 'Group', 'chairmanship', 'quorum', 'renewal', 'directorship', '31 December', 'option', 'Board', 'duration', 'composition', 'chairwoman', 'Appointments', 'member', 'Young', 'Autres', 'charge', 'delegations', 'authority', 'payment', '0.65 euro', '7 August', 'annual-general-meetings', 'Agenda', '23 September', 'world', 'people', 'hundreds', 'thousands', 'customers', 'quest', 'Small', 'Contacts', 'oprgfinancial', 'Attachment', '74.']",2024-06-17,2024-06-18,globenewswire.com
42848,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2024/06/17/2899869/0/en/ASM-share-buyback-update-June-10-14-2024.html,ASM share buyback update June 10 – 14  2024,Almere  The Netherlands June 17  2024  5:45 p.m. CET     ASM International N.V. (Euronext Amsterdam: ASM) reports the following transactions  conducted......,Almere  The NetherlandsJune 17  2024  5:45 p.m. CETASM International N.V. (Euronext Amsterdam: ASM) reports the following transactions  conducted under ASM's current share buyback program.Date Repurchased shares Average price Repurchased value June 10  2024 150 € 683.59 € 102 538 June 11  2024 150 € 694.03 € 104 105 June 12  2024 150 € 697.12 € 104 568 June 13  2024 150 € 697.45 € 104 618 June 14  2024 150 € 686.34 € 102 950 Total 750 € 691.71 € 518 779These repurchases were made as part of the €150 million share buyback program which started on May 15  2024. Of the total program  38.7% has been repurchased. For further details including individual transaction information please visit: www.asm.com/investors/dividends-share-buybacks .About ASM InternationalASM International N.V.  headquartered in Almere  the Netherlands  and its subsidiaries design and manufacture equipment and process solutions to produce semiconductor devices for wafer processing  and have facilities in the United States  Europe  and Asia. ASM International's common stock trades on the Euronext Amsterdam Stock Exchange (symbol: ASM). For more information  visit ASM's website at www.asm.com.This press release contains inside information within the meaning of Article 7(1) of the EU Market Abuse Regulation.,neutral,0.02,0.98,0.0,negative,0.01,0.3,0.69,True,English,"['ASM share buyback update', 'EU Market Abuse Regulation', 'current share buyback program', '€150 million share buyback program', 'Euronext Amsterdam Stock Exchange', 'ASM International N.V.', 'common stock trades', 'individual transaction information', 'total program', 'following transactions', 'Average price', 'process solutions', 'semiconductor devices', 'wafer processing', 'United States', 'press release', 'The Netherlands', 'Almere', 'June', 'CET', 'Date', 'shares', 'repurchases', 'part', 'May', 'details', 'investors/dividends', 'share-buybacks', 'subsidiaries', 'manufacture', 'equipment', 'facilities', 'Europe', 'Asia', 'symbol', 'website', 'meaning', '5:45']",2024-06-17,2024-06-18,globenewswire.com
42849,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2024/06/17/2899908/0/fr/Vastned-Retail-and-Vastned-Belgium-announce-the-signing-of-the-joint-merger-proposal-for-their-reverse-cross-border-legal-merger.html,Vastned Retail and Vastned Belgium announce the signing of the joint merger proposal for their reverse cross-border legal merger,Today  Vastned Retail (Vastned Retail N.V.  Euronext Amsterdam: VASTN) and its Belgian listed subsidiary  Vastned Belgium (Vastned Belgium NV  Euronext Brussels: VASTB  a public regulated real estate company (GVV/SIR)) announce the signing of the common draft…,Today  Vastned Retail (Vastned Retail N.V.  Euronext Amsterdam: VASTN) and its Belgian listed subsidiary  Vastned Belgium (Vastned Belgium NV  Euronext Brussels: VASTB  a public regulated real estate company (GVV/SIR)) announce the signing of the common draft terms of the cross-border merger (Joint Merger Proposal) for the proposed reverse cross-border legal merger in which Vastned Retail would merge with and into Vastned Belgium (Merger).Full press release:Pièce jointe,neutral,0.04,0.96,0.0,neutral,0.07,0.89,0.05,True,English,"['reverse cross-border legal merger', 'joint merger proposal', 'Vastned Retail', 'Vastned Belgium', 'signing', 'public regulated real estate company', 'Vastned Retail N.V.', 'Belgian listed subsidiary', 'common draft terms', 'Full press release', 'Pièce jointe', 'Joint Merger Proposal', 'Vastned Belgium NV', 'cross-border legal merger', 'cross-border merger', 'Euronext Amsterdam', 'Euronext Brussels', 'VASTB', 'GVV/SIR', 'signing', 'reverse']",2024-06-17,2024-06-18,globenewswire.com
42850,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2024/06/17/2899908/0/en/Vastned-Retail-and-Vastned-Belgium-announce-the-signing-of-the-joint-merger-proposal-for-their-reverse-cross-border-legal-merger.html,Vastned Retail and Vastned Belgium announce the signing of the joint merger proposal for their reverse cross-border legal merger,Today  Vastned Retail (Vastned Retail N.V.  Euronext Amsterdam: VASTN) and its Belgian listed subsidiary  Vastned Belgium (Vastned Belgium NV  Euronext Brussels: VASTB  a public regulated real estate company (GVV/SIR)) announce the signing of the common draft…,Today  Vastned Retail (Vastned Retail N.V.  Euronext Amsterdam: VASTN) and its Belgian listed subsidiary  Vastned Belgium (Vastned Belgium NV  Euronext Brussels: VASTB  a public regulated real estate company (GVV/SIR)) announce the signing of the common draft terms of the cross-border merger (Joint Merger Proposal) for the proposed reverse cross-border legal merger in which Vastned Retail would merge with and into Vastned Belgium (Merger).Full press release:Attachment,neutral,0.04,0.96,0.0,neutral,0.05,0.91,0.04,True,English,"['reverse cross-border legal merger', 'joint merger proposal', 'Vastned Retail', 'Vastned Belgium', 'signing', 'public regulated real estate company', 'reverse cross-border legal merger', 'Vastned Retail N.V.', 'Belgian listed subsidiary', 'common draft terms', 'Full press release', 'Joint Merger Proposal', 'Vastned Belgium NV', 'cross-border merger', 'Euronext Amsterdam', 'Euronext Brussels', 'VASTB', 'GVV/SIR', 'signing', 'Attachment']",2024-06-17,2024-06-18,globenewswire.com
42851,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2024/06/17/2899866/0/en/Euronext-announces-completion-of-share-repurchase-programme-as-part-of-its-long-term-incentive-plan.html,Euronext announces completion of share repurchase programme as part of its long-term incentive plan,Contacts MediaContact Investor RelationsAmsterdam+31 20 721 4133Brussels+32 26 20 15 01+33 1 70 48 24 17Dublin+39 02 72 42 62 13Lisbon+351 91 777 68......,"Contacts Media Contact Investor Relations Amsterdam +31 20 721 4133 Brussels +32 26 20 15 01 +33 1 70 48 24 17 Dublin +39 02 72 42 62 13 Lisbon +351 91 777 68 97 Milan +39 02 72 42 67 56 Oslo +47 41 69 59 10 Paris +33 1 70 48 24 45Euronext announces completion of share repurchase programme as part of its long-term incentive planAmsterdam  Brussels  Dublin  Lisbon  Milan  Oslo and Paris – 17 June 2024 – Euronext  the leading pan-European market infrastructure  today announced that it has completed the repurchase of 100 000 of its own shares at an average price of €93.18.This repurchase programme was carried out within the scope of the Euronext Long-Term Incentive plan by an independent agent from 6 June 2024 to 13 June 2024 and in accordance with the conditions of the authorisation granted by the General Meeting of Shareholders of Euronext on 15 May 2024.CONTACTSANALYSTS & INVESTORS – ir@euronext.com Investor Relations Aurélie Cohen +33 1 70 48 24 17 ir@euronext.com Clément Kubiak +33 1 70 48 26 33 ir@euronext.comAbout EuronextEuronext is the leading pan-European market infrastructure  connecting European economies to global capital markets  to accelerate innovation and sustainable growth. It operates regulated exchanges in Belgium  France  Ireland  Italy  the Netherlands  Norway and Portugal. With nearly 1 900 listed issuers and around €7.1 trillion in market capitalisation as of end of March 2024  it has an unmatched blue-chip franchise and a strong diverse domestic and international client base. Euronext operates regulated and transparent equity and derivatives markets  one of Europe’s leading electronic fixed income trading markets and is the largest centre for debt and funds listings in the world. Its total product offering includes Equities  FX  Exchange Traded Funds  Warrants & Certificates  Bonds  Derivatives  Commodities and Indices. The Group provides a multi-asset clearing house through Euronext Clearing  and custody and settlement services through Euronext Securities central securities depositories in Denmark  Italy  Norway and Portugal. Euronext also leverages its expertise in running markets by providing technology and managed services to third parties. In addition to its main regulated market  it also operates a number of junior markets  simplifying access to listing for SMEs. For the latest news  go to euronext.com or follow us on Twitter (twitter.com/euronext) and LinkedIn (https://www.linkedin.com/company/euronext)DisclaimerThis press release is for information purposes only: it is not a recommendation to engage in investment activities and is provided “as is”  without representation or warranty of any kind. While all reasonable care has been taken to ensure the accuracy of the content  Euronext does not guarantee its accuracy or completeness. Euronext will not be held liable for any loss or damages of any nature ensuing from using  trusting or acting on information provided. No information set out or referred to in this publication may be regarded as creating any right or obligation. The creation of rights and obligations in respect of financial products that are traded on the exchanges operated by Euronext’s subsidiaries shall depend solely on the applicable rules of the market operator. All proprietary rights and interest in or connected with this publication shall vest in Euronext. This press release speaks only as of this date. Euronext refers to Euronext N.V. and its affiliates. Information regarding trademarks and intellectual property rights of Euronext is available at www.euronext.com/terms-use.© 2024  Euronext N.V. - All rights reserved.The Euronext Group processes your personal data in order to provide you with information about Euronext (the ""Purpose""). With regard to the processing of this personal data  Euronext will comply with its obligations under Regulation (EU) 2016/679 of the European Parliament and Council of 27 April 2016 (General Data Protection Regulation  “GDPR”)  and any applicable national laws  rules and regulations implementing the GDPR  as provided in its privacy statement available at: www.euronext.com/privacy-policy. In accordance with the applicable legislation you have rights with regard to the processing of your personal data: for more information on your rights  please refer to: www.euronext.com/data_subjects_rights_request_information. To make a request regarding the processing of your data or to unsubscribe from this press release service  please use our data subject request form at connect2.euronext.com/form/data-subjects-rights-request or email our Data Protection Officer at dpo@euronext.com.Attachment",neutral,0.06,0.93,0.01,negative,0.01,0.22,0.77,True,English,"['share repurchase programme', 'long-term incentive plan', 'Euronext', 'completion', 'part', 'leading electronic fixed income trading markets', 'Investor Relations Aurélie Cohen', 'Euronext Securities central securities depositories', 'Media Contact Investor Relations', 'leading pan-European market infrastructure', 'data subject request form', 'Euronext Long-Term Incentive plan', 'General Data Protection Regulation', 'Data Protection Officer', 'Clément Kubiak', 'unmatched blue-chip franchise', 'strong diverse domestic', 'international client base', 'total product offering', 'global capital markets', 'Exchange Traded Funds', 'multi-asset clearing house', 'applicable national laws', 'main regulated market', 'press release service', 'share repurchase programme', 'Euronext N.V.', 'intellectual property rights', 'The Euronext Group', 'General Meeting', 'market capitalisation', 'The Group', 'market operator', 'junior markets', 'personal data', 'funds listings', 'applicable legislation', 'derivatives markets', 'average price', 'independent agent', 'European economies', 'sustainable growth', '1,900 listed issuers', 'transparent equity', 'largest centre', 'Euronext Clearing', 'settlement services', 'managed services', 'third parties', 'latest news', 'investment activities', 'reasonable care', 'financial products', 'European Parliament', 'privacy statement', 'applicable rules', 'regulated exchanges', 'proprietary rights', 'information purposes', 'Contacts', 'Amsterdam', 'Brussels', 'Dublin', 'Lisbon', 'Milan', 'Oslo', 'Paris', 'completion', '17 June', 'shares', 'scope', '6 June', '13 June', 'accordance', 'conditions', 'authorisation', 'Shareholders', '15 May', 'ANALYSTS', 'INVESTORS', 'innovation', 'Belgium', 'France', 'Ireland', 'Italy', 'Netherlands', 'Norway', 'Portugal', 'March', 'debt', 'world', 'Equities', 'FX', 'Warrants', 'Certificates', 'Bonds', 'Commodities', 'Indices', 'custody', 'Denmark', 'expertise', 'technology', 'addition', 'number', 'access', 'SMEs', 'Twitter', 'LinkedIn', 'Disclaimer', 'recommendation', 'representation', 'warranty', 'kind', 'accuracy', 'content', 'completeness', 'loss', 'damages', 'nature', 'publication', 'obligation', 'creation', 'respect', 'subsidiaries', 'interest', 'date', 'affiliates', 'trademarks', 'terms', 'order', 'processing', 'Council', '27 April', 'GDPR', 'regulations', 'privacy-policy', 'regard', 'www', 'rights-request', 'dpo', 'Attachment']",2024-06-17,2024-06-18,globenewswire.com
42852,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/SAS-AB-9058794/news/SAS-OSLO-BORS-STATUS-COMPANIES-PLACED-IN-RECOVERY-BOX-AND-PENALTY-BENCH-46982766/,SAS : OSLO BØRS - STATUS COMPANIES PLACED IN RECOVERY BOX AND PENALTY BENCH,(marketscreener.com)   OSLO BØRS - STATUS COMPANIES PLACED IN RECOVERY BOX AND PENALTY BENCH      17 Jun 2024 08:30 CEST    Subscribe     Issuer   SAS AB     Currently the following companies are placed in...https://www.marketscreener…,OSLO BØRS - STATUS COMPANIES PLACED IN RECOVERY BOX AND PENALTY BENCHCurrently the following companies are placed in Recovery Box:SAS AB (since 03.06.2022)Nova Austral S.A. (since 20.06.2023)IOG plc (since 29.09.2023)Recreate ASA (since 20.03.2024)Astrocast SA (Since 12.04.2024)Recovery Box is a special compartment where Oslo Børs can place securities wherethe Issuer is subject to circumstances that make pricing of the securitiesparticularly uncertain. Recovery Box is regulated in section 2.10.2 of Oslo RuleBook II (Oslo Børs and Euronext Expand) and section 3.8.2 of Euronext GrowthOslo Rule Book Part II. The relevant security will remain in the Recovery Boxuntil the circumstances for the allocation to the Recovery Box are no longerpresent.Currently the following companies are placed in Penalty Bench:IOG plc (since 01.09.2023)Aqua Bio Technology ASA (since 02.05.2024)Solis Bond Company DAC (since 02.05.2024)Akobo Minerals AB (since 03.06.2024)Alternus Energy Plc (since 03.06.2024)Astrocast SA (since 03.06.2024)Barramundi Group Ltd. (since 03.06.2024)Nordic Unmanned ASA (since 03.06.2024)Recreate ASA (since 03.06.2024)TECO 2030 (since 03.06.2024)Envipco Holding N.V (since 04.06.2024)Penalty Bench is a special compartment where the securities of Issuers that failto comply with the Rules are placed.Penalty Bench is regulated in section 2.10.3 of Oslo Rule Book II (Oslo Børs andEuronext Expand) and section 3.8.3 of Euronext Growth Oslo Rule Book Part II.Oslo Børs will remove a security from the Penalty Bench and allocate thesecurity to the normal compartment when the issuer has corrected the violationof the Rules that was the reason for allocating the security to the PenaltyBench.More information:Access the news on Oslo Bors NewsWeb site,neutral,0.03,0.81,0.16,negative,0.18,0.36,0.46,True,English,"['OSLO BØRS', 'STATUS COMPANIES', 'RECOVERY BOX', 'PENALTY BENCH', 'SAS', 'Nova Austral S.A.', 'Solis Bond Company DAC', 'Envipco Holding N.V', 'Oslo Bors NewsWeb site', 'Oslo Rule Book II', 'Aqua Bio Technology ASA', 'Oslo Rule Book Part', 'Euronext Growth Oslo Rule', 'OSLO BØRS', 'Barramundi Group Ltd.', 'Akobo Minerals AB', 'Alternus Energy Plc', 'Nordic Unmanned ASA', 'SAS AB', 'IOG plc', 'STATUS COMPANIES', 'RECOVERY BOX', 'PENALTY BENCH', 'following companies', 'Astrocast SA', 'special compartment', 'normal compartment', 'More information', 'relevant security', 'securities', 'Issuer', 'circumstances', 'pricing', 'section', 'allocation', 'TECO', 'Rules', 'violation', 'reason', '0.2', '01.', '02', '03.', '10.']",2024-06-17,2024-06-18,marketscreener.com
42853,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://biztoc.com/x/11b26d2e6fdc2261,Paris loses spot as Europe’s largest equity market to London,Value of Euronext Paris stocks falls by about $258bn in week after Macron’s announcement of snap electionsParis has lost its spot as Europe’s largest equity market to London  as investors reacted to political turmoil in France in the week since Emmanuel Macr…,Value of Euronext Paris stocks falls by about $258bn in week after Macron’s announcement of snap electionsParis has lost its spot as Europe’s largest equity market to London  as investors reacted to political turmoil in France in the week since Emmanuel Macron called snap…This story appeared on theguardian.com   2024-06-17.,neutral,0.03,0.61,0.36,negative,0.02,0.24,0.74,True,English,"['largest equity market', 'Paris', 'spot', 'Europe', 'London', 'largest equity market', 'Euronext Paris stocks', 'snap elections', 'political turmoil', 'Emmanuel Macron', 'Value', 'week', 'announcement', 'spot', 'Europe', 'London', 'investors', 'France', 'story', 'theguardian.']",2024-06-17,2024-06-18,biztoc.com
42854,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/SOFINA-SA-5960/news/Sofina-Transactions-on-own-shares-17-06-2024-46987266/,Sofina : Transactions on own shares – 17/06/2024,(marketscreener.com)   PRESS RELEASE   In the framework of the Share Buyback Programme announced in a press release dated 10 May 2024 Sofina has carried out the following share buyback transactions on Euronext Brussels during the period from 10 June  …,PRESS RELEASEIn the framework of the Share Buyback Programme announced in a press release dated 10 May 2024 Sofina has carried out the following share buyback transactions on Euronext Brussels during the period from 10 June2024 to 14 June 2024:PURCHASE DATE NUMBER OF SHARES AVERAGE PRICE MAXIMUM PRICE MINIMUM PRICE TOTAL (EUR) (EUR) (EUR) (EUR) 10/06/2024 2 100 217.33 218.40 215.00 456 384.60 11/06/2024 2 100 217.20 218.60 216.20 456 113.91 12/06/2024 2 000 222.43 225.00 217.20 444 859.00 13/06/2024 2 100 221.19 224.80 219.40 464 508.87 14/06/2024 2 200 216.66 219.80 214.00 476 648.80 TOTAL 10 500 218.91 225.00 214.00 2 298 515.18In the framework of the liquidity agreement entered into between Sofina and Kepler Cheuvreux on 11 April 2024  Kepler Cheuvreux carried out on behalf of Sofina the following transactions on Euronext Brussels during the period from 10 June 2024 to 14 June 2024.Buybacks of own shares:PURCHASE DATE NUMBER OF SHARES AVERAGE PRICE MAXIMUM PRICE MINIMUM PRICE TOTAL (EUR) (EUR) (EUR) (EUR) 10/06/2024 1 700 216.36 217.60 214.80 367 812.00 11/06/2024 1 200 216.97 217.80 216.20 260 364.00 13/06/2024 2 200 220.77 222.60 219.20 485 694.00 14/06/2024 2 800 216.70 219.40 214.00 606 760.00 TOTAL 7 900 217.80 222.60 214.00 1 720 630.00SOFINA SA | Rue de l'Industrie  31 - 1040 Brussels | RLE Brussels: 0403.219.397Listed on Euronext Brussels (ISIN BE0003717312) | www.sofinagroup.com,neutral,0.01,0.98,0.01,neutral,0.02,0.97,0.01,True,English,"['Sofina', 'Transactions', 'shares', 'SHARES AVERAGE PRICE MAXIMUM PRICE MINIMUM PRICE TOTAL', 'Share Buyback Programme', 'PURCHASE DATE NUMBER', 'share buyback transactions', 'PRESS RELEASE', 'liquidity agreement', 'Kepler Cheuvreux', 'Rue de', 'Euronext Brussels', 'RLE Brussels', 'SOFINA SA', '1040 Brussels', 'framework', 'period', '10 June', '14 June', '11 April', 'behalf', 'Buybacks', 'ISIN', 'sofinagroup']",2024-06-17,2024-06-18,marketscreener.com
42855,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/RACING-FORCE-S-P-A-129457864/news/Racing-Force-S-p-a-Periodic-disclosure-on-the-buyback-program-46987016/,Racing Force S.p.a. :  Periodic disclosure on the buyback program,(marketscreener.com)  Ronco Scrivia   June 17th  2024 - Racing Force S.p.A.   the parent company of Racing Force Group  which is specialized in the development  production  and marketing of safety components for motorsports worldwide  listed on the Euronext…,"Ronco Scrivia (GE  Italy)  June 17th  2024 - Racing Force S.p.A. (the “Company” or “RFG”)  the parent company of Racing Force Group  which is specialized in the development  production  and marketing of safety components for motorsports worldwide  listed on the Euronext Growth segment in Milan (RFG) and Paris (ALRFG)  with regards to the treasury buy-back program authorized by the Shareholders' Meeting of April 29th  2024  announces that between June 10th and June 14th  2024  it acquired on the Euronext Growth Milan segment no. 2.504 RFG shares  equal to 0.0097% of the share capital  at an average price of Euro 3.82 per share for a total of Euro 9 556.18.The purchases were made through the intermediary Equita SIM S.p.A.  LEI code 815600E3E9BFBC8FAA85.Details of the daily purchase transactions on the market are reported below.In accordance with Article 2  paragraph 3 of the Delegated Regulation (EU) 2016/1052  attached the detailed list of purchases made on ordinary shares RFG (ISIN code IT0005466963) in the aforementioned period  based on the information provided by the intermediary in charge of the execution of the buyback program.Following the above stated purchases  RFG currently holds 8 502 treasury shares  equal to 0.0331% of the share capital.This publication embed ""🔒 Actusnews SECURITY MASTER "".- SECURITY MASTER Key: xZpxYJWZk2eWm2yclphnm2ppZ2pokpbIamqdx2icZsjJbWpolJtnm8jJZnFnmGZp- Check this key: https://www.security-master-key.com .Regulated information:Acquisition or disposal of the issuer's own shares:- Description of the buyback programme Full and original press release in PDF: https://www.actusnews.com/news/86313-rfg-treasury-share-buy-back-announcement-06.17.2024.pdfReceive by email the next press releases of the company by registering on www.actusnews.com   it's free© 2024 ActusNews",neutral,0.02,0.97,0.01,neutral,0.04,0.94,0.02,True,English,"['Racing Force S.', 'Periodic disclosure', 'buyback program', 'Equita SIM S.p.A.', 'Racing Force S.p.A.', 'Euronext Growth Milan segment', 'Racing Force Group', 'Euronext Growth segment', 'daily purchase transactions', 'original press release', 'next press releases', 'LEI code 815600E3E9BFBC8FAA85', 'treasury buy-back program', 'SECURITY MASTER Key', 'Actusnews SECURITY MASTER', 'ordinary shares RFG', 'ISIN code', 'buyback program', '8,502 treasury shares', 'Ronco Scrivia', 'safety components', ""Shareholders' Meeting"", 'April 29th', 'average price', 'Delegated Regulation', 'detailed list', 'June 10th', 'June 14th', 'share capital', '2.504 RFG shares', 'Regulated information', 'parent company', 'Italy', 'development', 'production', 'marketing', 'motorsports', 'Paris', 'ALRFG', 'regards', 'total', 'purchases', 'intermediary', 'Details', 'accordance', 'Article', 'paragraph', 'period', 'charge', 'execution', 'publication', 'xZpxYJWZk2eWm2yclphnm2ppZ2pokpbIamqdx2icZsjJbWpolJtnm8jJZnFnmGZp', 'Acquisition', 'disposal', 'issuer', 'Description', 'Full', 'PDF', '3-rfg-treasury-share-buy', 'announcement', 'email', '0.0', '2024']",2024-06-17,2024-06-18,marketscreener.com
42856,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/CAIRN-HOMES-PLC-22428998/news/Cairn-Homes-Plc-Transaction-in-Own-Shares-46982528/,Cairn Homes Plc: Transaction in Own Shares,(marketscreener.com) Cairn Homes Plc Cairn Homes Plc: Transaction in Own Shares 17-Jun-2024 / 07:00 GMT/BST17 June 2024 Cairn Homes plc Transaction in own shares  The Company announces that on 14th of June 2024 it purchas…,"17 June 2024Cairn Homes plc (the “Company”)Transaction in own sharesThe Company announces that on 14th of June 2024 it purchased a total of 235 000 of its ordinary shares of EUR 0.001 each (the ""ordinary shares"") on Euronext Dublin and the London Stock Exchange through the Company's broker Goodbody Stockbrokers UC (“Goodbody”)  as detailed below. The repurchased shares will be cancelled.Euronext Dublin London Stock Exchange Number of ordinary shares purchased 190 000 45 000 Highest price paid (per ordinary share) €1.6800 £1.4040 Lowest price paid (per ordinary share) €1.6120 £1.3600 Volume weighted average price paid (per ordinary share) €1.6405 £1.3803The purchases form part of the Company’s share buyback programme announced on 3 March 2023.Following settlement and cancellation of the above purchases  the Company's total number of ordinary shares in issue shall be 644 384 440 ordinary shares  each carrying the right to one vote. The Company holds nil ordinary shares in treasury.In accordance with Article 5(1)(b) of Regulation (EU) No 596/2014 (the Market Abuse Regulation)  the detailed breakdown of individual trades made by Goodbody on behalf of the Company as part of the share buyback programme is set out below.Contacts:Cairn Homes plc +353 1 696 4600Tara Grimley  Company SecretaryAppendixTransaction DetailsIssuer Name Cairn Homes plc LEI 635400DPX6WP2KKDOA83 ISIN IE00BWY4ZF18 Intermediary Name Goodbody Stockbrokers UC Intermediary Code GDBSIE21XXX Timezone BST Currency EUR & GBPEuronext DublinNumber of Shares Price per Share (EUR) Trading venue Time of transaction Transaction Reference Number 731 1.6800 XDUB 08:06:49 00029009944TRDU1 1 062 1.6800 XDUB 08:06:49 00029009945TRDU1 686 1.6800 XDUB 08:06:49 00029009946TRDU1 1 033 1.6800 XDUB 08:06:49 00029009947TRDU1 931 1.6760 XDUB 08:17:56 00029010017TRDU1 464 1.6760 XDUB 08:17:56 00029010018TRDU1 353 1.6760 XDUB 08:17:56 00029010019TRDU1 3 750 1.6680 XDUB 08:19:04 00029010024TRDU1 524 1.6780 XDUB 08:48:46 00029010127TRDU1 1 400 1.6780 XDUB 08:48:47 00029010128TRDU1 4 402 1.6780 XDUB 08:48:47 00029010129TRDU1 1 628 1.6780 XDUB 08:51:51 00029010153TRDU1 1 500 1.6780 XDUB 08:56:52 00029010164TRDU1 483 1.6780 XDUB 08:56:52 00029010165TRDU1 2 986 1.6720 XDUB 09:02:32 00029010198TRDU1 2 408 1.6720 XDUB 09:02:32 00029010200TRDU1 1 832 1.6620 XDUB 09:17:37 00029010272TRDU1 1 772 1.6620 XDUB 09:17:37 00029010273TRDU1 1 400 1.6640 XDUB 09:48:07 00029010522TRDU1 1 923 1.6640 XDUB 09:48:07 00029010523TRDU1 1 400 1.6640 XDUB 09:48:07 00029010524TRDU1 2 771 1.6640 XDUB 09:48:07 00029010525TRDU1 3 420 1.6640 XDUB 09:48:07 00029010526TRDU1 1 238 1.6560 XDUB 10:06:41 00029010773TRDU1 453 1.6560 XDUB 10:06:41 00029010774TRDU1 2 035 1.6540 XDUB 10:06:41 00029010775TRDU1 3 452 1.6580 XDUB 10:34:24 00029011095TRDU1 3 552 1.6580 XDUB 10:34:24 00029011096TRDU1 2 013 1.6580 XDUB 10:34:24 00029011097TRDU1 1 866 1.6540 XDUB 10:56:39 00029011316TRDU1 1 801 1.6540 XDUB 10:56:39 00029011317TRDU1 752 1.6500 XDUB 11:00:13 00029011368TRDU1 358 1.6500 XDUB 11:00:13 00029011369TRDU1 882 1.6500 XDUB 11:00:13 00029011370TRDU1 1 720 1.6460 XDUB 11:20:33 00029011690TRDU1 1 785 1.6420 XDUB 11:23:47 00029011730TRDU1 1 826 1.6420 XDUB 11:23:47 00029011731TRDU1 457 1.6420 XDUB 11:23:47 00029011732TRDU1 1 243 1.6420 XDUB 11:23:47 00029011733TRDU1 1 779 1.6420 XDUB 11:45:16 00029011930TRDU1 1 775 1.6420 XDUB 11:49:58 00029011991TRDU1 1 762 1.6400 XDUB 11:51:03 00029011997TRDU1 3 437 1.6400 XDUB 11:51:03 00029011998TRDU1 1 766 1.6300 XDUB 12:13:45 00029012206TRDU1 1 763 1.6300 XDUB 12:13:45 00029012207TRDU1 1 400 1.6400 XDUB 12:36:27 00029012364TRDU1 388 1.6400 XDUB 12:36:27 00029012365TRDU1 400 1.6400 XDUB 12:38:36 00029012370TRDU1 1 739 1.6400 XDUB 12:40:20 00029012373TRDU1 382 1.6400 XDUB 12:46:50 00029012401TRDU1 1 500 1.6400 XDUB 12:46:50 00029012402TRDU1 62 1.6400 XDUB 12:46:50 00029012403TRDU1 1 933 1.6360 XDUB 12:51:38 00029012444TRDU1 1 696 1.6360 XDUB 12:51:38 00029012445TRDU1 1 812 1.6360 XDUB 13:07:51 00029012494TRDU1 1 733 1.6340 XDUB 13:13:16 00029012506TRDU1 129 1.6340 XDUB 13:13:16 00029012507TRDU1 1 600 1.6340 XDUB 13:13:16 00029012508TRDU1 1 742 1.6340 XDUB 13:13:16 00029012509TRDU1 163 1.6260 XDUB 13:18:35 00029012536TRDU1 1 701 1.6260 XDUB 13:25:05 00029012541TRDU1 1 748 1.6260 XDUB 13:25:05 00029012542TRDU1 1 703 1.6320 XDUB 13:41:45 00029012659TRDU1 269 1.6320 XDUB 13:41:45 00029012660TRDU1 491 1.6320 XDUB 13:51:10 00029012721TRDU1 1 866 1.6320 XDUB 13:51:10 00029012722TRDU1 1 789 1.6320 XDUB 13:51:10 00029012723TRDU1 198 1.6320 XDUB 13:51:10 00029012724TRDU1 1 443 1.6320 XDUB 13:51:10 00029012725TRDU1 1 540 1.6320 XDUB 13:51:10 00029012726TRDU1 1 500 1.6320 XDUB 14:09:26 00029012823TRDU1 2 1.6320 XDUB 14:09:26 00029012824TRDU1 542 1.6320 XDUB 14:09:26 00029012825TRDU1 773 1.6320 XDUB 14:14:43 00029012842TRDU1 650 1.6320 XDUB 14:14:43 00029012843TRDU1 282 1.6320 XDUB 14:14:43 00029012844TRDU1 5 207 1.6280 XDUB 14:15:42 00029012850TRDU1 144 1.6280 XDUB 14:15:42 00029012851TRDU1 2 031 1.6200 XDUB 14:26:03 00029012979TRDU1 1 834 1.6180 XDUB 14:26:15 00029012982TRDU1 400 1.6260 XDUB 14:38:49 00029013084TRDU1 1 945 1.6340 XDUB 14:42:01 00029013128TRDU1 235 1.6340 XDUB 14:42:01 00029013129TRDU1 1 500 1.6340 XDUB 14:42:01 00029013130TRDU1 4 1.6340 XDUB 14:42:01 00029013131TRDU1 1 115 1.6340 XDUB 14:42:01 00029013132TRDU1 1 525 1.6340 XDUB 14:42:01 00029013133TRDU1 295 1.6340 XDUB 14:42:01 00029013134TRDU1 744 1.6340 XDUB 14:42:01 00029013135TRDU1 371 1.6340 XDUB 14:42:01 00029013136TRDU1 1 129 1.6340 XDUB 14:42:01 00029013137TRDU1 169 1.6340 XDUB 14:42:01 00029013138TRDU1 940 1.6300 XDUB 14:44:04 00029013148TRDU1 1 049 1.6300 XDUB 14:44:04 00029013149TRDU1 1 787 1.6260 XDUB 14:52:05 00029013248TRDU1 1 796 1.6260 XDUB 14:52:05 00029013249TRDU1 249 1.6200 XDUB 14:56:16 00029013440TRDU1 1 117 1.6240 XDUB 15:03:58 00029013891TRDU1 785 1.6240 XDUB 15:03:58 00029013893TRDU1 824 1.6240 XDUB 15:03:58 00029013895TRDU1 4 483 1.6240 XDUB 15:03:58 00029013897TRDU1 363 1.6220 XDUB 15:10:53 00029014068TRDU1 1 404 1.6220 XDUB 15:10:53 00029014069TRDU1 1 747 1.6220 XDUB 15:10:53 00029014070TRDU1 1 122 1.6220 XDUB 15:23:21 00029014246TRDU1 1 707 1.6220 XDUB 15:23:21 00029014247TRDU1 1 940 1.6220 XDUB 15:23:21 00029014248TRDU1 764 1.6220 XDUB 15:23:21 00029014249TRDU1 1 773 1.6220 XDUB 15:23:21 00029014250TRDU1 1 721 1.6200 XDUB 15:23:23 00029014255TRDU1 1 282 1.6180 XDUB 15:32:57 00029014357TRDU1 739 1.6180 XDUB 15:32:57 00029014358TRDU1 1 925 1.6180 XDUB 15:32:57 00029014359TRDU1 1 226 1.6160 XDUB 15:38:51 00029014438TRDU1 600 1.6160 XDUB 15:39:37 00029014446TRDU1 1 768 1.6160 XDUB 15:39:37 00029014447TRDU1 32 1.6160 XDUB 15:39:37 00029014448TRDU1 1 008 1.6120 XDUB 15:42:22 00029014469TRDU1 875 1.6120 XDUB 15:43:38 00029014490TRDU1 2 737 1.6260 XDUB 16:09:25 00029014723TRDU1 2 551 1.6260 XDUB 16:09:25 00029014724TRDU1 1 400 1.6260 XDUB 16:09:25 00029014725TRDU1 1 400 1.6260 XDUB 16:09:25 00029014726TRDU1 1 400 1.6260 XDUB 16:09:25 00029014727TRDU1 1 400 1.6260 XDUB 16:09:25 00029014728TRDU1 352 1.6260 XDUB 16:09:25 00029014729TRDU1 1 400 1.6260 XDUB 16:09:25 00029014730TRDU1 444 1.6260 XDUB 16:09:25 00029014731TRDU1 1 048 1.6260 XDUB 16:09:25 00029014732TRDU1 1 508 1.6260 XDUB 16:09:25 00029014733TRDU1 1 284 1.6260 XDUB 16:09:25 00029014734TRDU1 3 611 1.6300 XDUB 16:18:29 00029015014TRDU1 104 1.6300 XDUB 16:18:29 00029015015TRDU1 1 705 1.6300 XDUB 16:18:29 00029015016TRDU1 952 1.6300 XDUB 16:21:15 00029015051TRDU1 805 1.6300 XDUB 16:21:15 00029015052TRDU1 1 069 1.6300 XDUB 16:27:13 00029015222TRDU1 417 1.6300 XDUB 16:27:13 00029015223TRDU1 989 1.6300 XDUB 16:27:13 00029015224TRDU1London Stock Exchange",neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,negative,0.01,0.41,0.58,True,English,"['Cairn Homes Plc', 'Own Shares', 'Transaction', 'LEI 635400DPX6WP2KKDOA83 ISIN IE00BWY4ZF18 Intermediary Name Goodbody Stockbrokers UC Intermediary Code GDBSIE21XXX Timezone BST Currency EUR', 'Euronext Dublin London Stock Exchange Number', 'Volume weighted average price', 'transaction Transaction Reference Number', 'Issuer Name', 'Trading venue Time', 'Cairn Homes plc', 'share buyback programme', 'Market Abuse Regulation', 'nil ordinary shares', 'total number', 'Transaction Details', 'Highest price', 'Lowest price', 'Shares Price', '644,384,440 ordinary shares', 'one vote', 'EU) No', 'detailed breakdown', 'individual trades', 'Tara Grimley', 'The Company', 'Company Secretary', 'June', '14th', 'purchases', 'part', '3 March', 'settlement', 'cancellation', 'right', 'treasury', 'accordance', 'Article', 'behalf', 'Contacts', 'Appendix', 'GBP', 'XDUB', '00029009944TRDU1', '00029009945TRDU1', '00029009946TRDU1', '00029009947TRDU1', '00029010017TRDU1', '00029010018TRDU1', '00029010019TRDU1', '00029010024TRDU1', '00029010127TRDU1', '00029010128TRDU1', '00029010129TRDU1', '00029010153TRDU1', '00029010164TRDU1', '00029010165TRDU1', '00029010198TRDU1', '00029010200TRDU1', '00029010272TRDU1', '00029010273TRDU1', '00029010522TRDU1', '00029010523TRDU1', '00029010524TRDU1', '00029010525TRDU1', '00029010526TRDU1', '00029010773TRDU1', '00029010774TRDU1', '00029010775TRDU1', '00029011095TRDU1', '00029011096TRDU1', '00029011097TRDU1', '00029011316TRDU1', '00029011317TRDU1', '00029011368TRDU1', '00029011369TRDU1', '00029011370TRDU1', '00029011690TRDU1', '00029011730TRDU1', '00029011731TRDU1', '00029011732TRDU1', '00029011733TRDU1', '00029011930TRDU1', '00029011991TRDU1', '00029011997TRDU1', '00029011998TRDU1', '00029012206TRDU1', '00029012207TRDU1', '00029012364TRDU1', '00029012365TRDU1', '00029012370TRDU1', '00029012373TRDU1', '00029012401TRDU1', '00029012402TRDU1', '00029012403TRDU1', '00029012444TRDU1', '00029012445TRDU1', '00029012494TRDU1', '00029012506TRDU1', '00029012507TRDU1', '00029012508TRDU1', '00029012509TRDU1', '00029012536TRDU1', '00029012541TRDU1', '00029012542TRDU1', '00029012659TRDU1', '00029012660TRDU1', '00029012721TRDU1', '00029012722TRDU1', '00029012723TRDU1', '00029012724TRDU1', '00029012725TRDU1', '00029012726TRDU1', '00029012823TRDU1', '00029012824TRDU1', '00029012825TRDU1', '00029012842TRDU1', '00029012843TRDU1', '00029012844TRDU1', '00029012850TRDU1', '00029012851TRDU1', '00029012979TRDU1', '00029012982TRDU1']",2024-06-17,2024-06-18,marketscreener.com
42857,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/ASM-INTERNATIONAL-N-V-6312/news/ASM-share-buyback-update-June-10-14-2024-46986960/,ASM share buyback update June 10 – 14  2024,(marketscreener.com) Almere  The Netherlands June 17  2024  5:45 p.m. CET ASM International N.V. reports the following transactions  conducted under ASM's current share buyback program. Date Repurchased shares Average price Repurchased value June 10  2024 150…,Almere  The NetherlandsJune 17  2024  5:45 p.m. CETASM International N.V. (Euronext Amsterdam: ASM) reports the following transactions  conducted under ASM's current share buyback program.Date Repurchased shares Average price Repurchased value June 10  2024 150 € 683.59 € 102 538 June 11  2024 150 € 694.03 € 104 105 June 12  2024 150 € 697.12 € 104 568 June 13  2024 150 € 697.45 € 104 618 June 14  2024 150 € 686.34 € 102 950 Total 750 € 691.71 € 518 779These repurchases were made as part of the €150 million share buyback program which started on May 15  2024. Of the total program  38.7% has been repurchased. For further details including individual transaction information please visit: www.asm.com/investors/dividends-share-buybacks .About ASM InternationalASM International N.V.  headquartered in Almere  the Netherlands  and its subsidiaries design and manufacture equipment and process solutions to produce semiconductor devices for wafer processing  and have facilities in the United States  Europe  and Asia. ASM International's common stock trades on the Euronext Amsterdam Stock Exchange (symbol: ASM). For more information  visit ASM's website at www.asm.com.This press release contains inside information within the meaning of Article 7(1) of the EU Market Abuse Regulation.ContactInvestor and media relationsVictor BareñoT: +31 88 100 8500E: investor.relations@asm.comInvestor relationsValentina FantigrossiT: +31 88 100 8502E: investor.relations@asm.comAttachment,neutral,0.02,0.98,0.0,negative,0.01,0.3,0.69,True,English,"['ASM share buyback update', 'media relations Victor Bareño T', 'EU Market Abuse Regulation', 'current share buyback program', '€150 million share buyback program', 'Euronext Amsterdam Stock Exchange', 'ASM International N.V.', 'Valentina Fantigrossi T', 'common stock trades', 'individual transaction information', 'total program', 'Investor relations', 'following transactions', 'Average price', 'process solutions', 'semiconductor devices', 'wafer processing', 'United States', 'press release', 'The Netherlands', 'Almere', 'June', 'CET', 'Date', 'shares', 'repurchases', 'part', 'May', 'details', 'investors/dividends', 'share-buybacks', 'subsidiaries', 'manufacture', 'equipment', 'facilities', 'Europe', 'Asia', 'symbol', 'website', 'meaning', 'Contact', 'Attachment', '5:45']",2024-06-17,2024-06-18,marketscreener.com
42858,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/GROUPE-BRUXELLES-LAMBERT--5953/news/Groupe-Bruxelles-Lambert-Transactions-on-GBL-shares-from-June-10-2024-until-June-14-2024-includ-46986995/,Groupe Bruxelles Lambert : Transactions on GBL shares from June 10  2024 until June 14  2024 (included),(marketscreener.com)   June 17  2024 - After 5:45pm CET   Regulated information   Delivering meaningful growth   Transactions on GBL Shares   Disclosure of transaction on GBL shares from June 10  2024 until June 14  2024    Implementation of …,"The share buyback program by an independent financial institution on the basis of a discretionary mandate (until August 2  2024) in the central order book of a regulated market or MTF: 120 335 GBL sharesGBL  directly and through its subsidiaries  acquired during the period from June 10  2024 until June 14  2024 included  as part of:Implementation of the authorization of the Extraordinary General Shareholders' Meeting of April 28  2020Disclosure of transaction on GBL shares from June 10  2024 until June 14  2024 (included)SalesGBL  directly and through its subsidiaries  sold during the period from June 10  2024 until June 14  2024 included  as part of:The liquidity agreement: 0 GBL shareAs of June 14  2024  GBL holds directly and through its subsidiaries 9 903 273 GBL shares representing 7.2% of the issued capital  and holds no shares under the liquidity agreement. On that date  18.0% of the seventh share buyback program is executed1.Following GBL's decision to use the safe harbour2 regime for the on-the-market share buybacks in the context of a EUR 500 million envelope  the liquidity contract with an independent financial institution has been suspended for an indefinite period.For more information  please contact: Xavier Likin Alison Donohoe Chief Financial Officer Head of Investor Relations Tel: +32 2 289 17 72 Tel: +32 2 289 17 64 xlikin@gbl.com adonohoe@gbl.comAbout Groupe Bruxelles LambertGroupe Bruxelles Lambert (""GBL"") is an established investment holding company  with seventy years of stock exchange listing and a net asset value of €17.0bn at the end of March 2024. As a leading and active investor in Europe  GBL focuses on long-term value creation with the support of a stable family shareholder base. As a responsible company and investor  GBL perceives ESG factors as being inextricably linked to value creation.GBL aims to grow its diversified high-quality portfolio of listed  private and alternative investments.GBL is focused on delivering meaningful growth by providing attractive returns to its shareholders through a combination of growth in its net asset value per share  a sustainable dividend and share buybacks.GBL is listed on Euronext Brussels (Ticker: GBLB BB; ISIN code: BE0003797140) and is included in the BEL20 index.cf. http://www.gbl.com/en/transactions-gbl-shares Provided for in Regulation (EU) No. 596/2014 of 16 April 2014 on market abuse and Delegated Regulation (EU) No. 2016/1052 of 8 March 2016 with regard to regulatory technical standards for the terms of buyback programs and stabilization measuresRegulated information of June 17  2024 // Page 2 / 2 // For more information: www.gbl.com",neutral,0.0,0.99,0.0,negative,0.01,0.27,0.72,True,English,"['Groupe Bruxelles Lambert', 'GBL shares', 'Transactions', 'June', 'Xavier Likin Alison Donohoe Chief Financial Officer Head', 'stable family shareholder base', ""Extraordinary General Shareholders' Meeting"", 'seventh share buyback program', 'independent financial institution', 'central order book', 'safe harbour2 regime', 'EUR 500 million envelope', 'Groupe Bruxelles Lambert', 'stock exchange listing', 'diversified high-quality portfolio', 'regulatory technical standards', 'net asset value', 'investment holding company', 'long-term value creation', 'market share buybacks', 'buyback programs', 'responsible company', 'regulated market', 'market abuse', 'discretionary mandate', 'liquidity agreement', 'liquidity contract', 'seventy years', 'ESG factors', 'listed, private', 'alternative investments', 'attractive returns', 'sustainable dividend', 'Euronext Brussels', 'GBLB BB', 'ISIN code', 'BEL20 index', 'stabilization measures', '0 GBL share', 'Investor Relations', 'active investor', 'meaningful growth', 'Delegated Regulation', 'indefinite period', 'Regulated information', '120,335 GBL shares', '9,903,273 GBL shares', 'basis', 'August', 'MTF', 'subsidiaries', 'June', 'part', 'Implementation', 'authorization', 'April', 'Disclosure', 'transaction', 'Sales', 'The', 'capital', 'decision', 'context', 'adonohoe', 'March', 'leading', 'Europe', 'support', 'combination', 'Ticker', 'gbl-shares', 'No.', 'terms', 'Page']",2024-06-17,2024-06-18,marketscreener.com
42859,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.etfdailynews.com/2024/06/17/klepierre-otcmktsklpef-realty-income-nyseo-financial-review/,Klépierre (OTCMKTS:KLPEF) & Realty Income (NYSE:O) Financial Review,Klépierre (OTCMKTS:KLPEF – Get Free Report) and Realty Income (NYSE:O – Get Free Report) are both finance companies  but which is the better investment? We will contrast the two companies based on the strength of their institutional ownership  risk  analyst r…,"Klépierre (OTCMKTS:KLPEF – Get Free Report) and Realty Income (NYSE:O – Get Free Report) are both finance companies  but which is the better investment? We will contrast the two companies based on the strength of their institutional ownership  risk  analyst recommendations  profitability  dividends  valuation and earnings.ProfitabilityThis table compares Klépierre and Realty Income’s net margins  return on equity and return on assets.Get Klépierre alerts:Net Margins Return on Equity Return on Assets Klépierre N/A N/A N/A Realty Income 17.74% 3.26% 1.32%Earnings and ValuationThis table compares Klépierre and Realty Income’s gross revenue  earnings per share and valuation.Gross Revenue Price/Sales Ratio Net Income Earnings Per Share Price/Earnings Ratio Klépierre $1.62 billion N/A $208.54 million N/A N/A Realty Income $4.40 billion 10.57 $872.31 million $1.08 49.42Risk & VolatilityRealty Income has higher revenue and earnings than Klépierre.Klépierre has a beta of 1.49  meaning that its stock price is 49% more volatile than the S&P 500. Comparatively  Realty Income has a beta of 0.94  meaning that its stock price is 6% less volatile than the S&P 500.Analyst RecommendationsThis is a summary of current recommendations for Klépierre and Realty Income  as reported by MarketBeat.com.Sell Ratings Hold Ratings Buy Ratings Strong Buy Ratings Rating Score Klépierre 1 2 0 0 1.67 Realty Income 0 8 6 0 2.43Realty Income has a consensus price target of $61.35  indicating a potential upside of 14.95%. Given Realty Income’s stronger consensus rating and higher possible upside  analysts clearly believe Realty Income is more favorable than Klépierre.Insider & Institutional Ownership70.8% of Realty Income shares are held by institutional investors. 0.1% of Realty Income shares are held by insiders. Strong institutional ownership is an indication that hedge funds  large money managers and endowments believe a company will outperform the market over the long term.SummaryRealty Income beats Klépierre on 10 of the 11 factors compared between the two stocks.About Klépierre(Get Free Report)Klépierre SA is the European leader in shopping malls  combining property development and asset management skills. The Company's portfolio is valued at 19.3 billion at December 31  2023  and comprises large shopping centers in more than 10 countries in Continental Europe which together host hundreds of millions of visitors per year. Klépierre SA holds a controlling stake in Steen & Strøm (56.1%)  Scandinavia's number one shopping center owner and manager. Klépierre SA is a French REIT (SIIC) listed on Euronext Paris and is included in the CAC Next 20 and EPRA Euro Zone Indexes. It is also included in ethical indexes  such as Euronext CAC 40 ESG  Euronext CAC SBT 1.5  MSCI Europe ESG Leaders  FTSE4Good  Euronext Vigeo Europe 120  and features in CDP's A-list. These distinctions underscore the Group's commitment to a proactive sustainable development policy and its global leadership in the fight against climate change.About Realty Income(Get Free Report)Realty Income  The Monthly Dividend Company  is an S&P 500 company and member of the S&P 500 Dividend Aristocrats index. We invest in people and places to deliver dependable monthly dividends that increase over time. The company is structured as a real estate investment trust (""REIT"")  and its monthly dividends are supported by the cash flow from over 15 450 real estate properties (including properties acquired in the Spirit merger in January 2024) primarily owned under long-term net lease agreements with commercial clients. To date  the company has declared 644 consecutive monthly dividends on its shares of common stock throughout its 55-year operating history and increased the dividend 123 times since Realty Income's public listing in 1994 (NYSE: O).Receive News & Ratings for Klépierre Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Klépierre and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.",neutral,0.01,0.98,0.01,positive,0.54,0.44,0.02,True,English,"['Klépierre', 'Realty Income', 'Financial Review', 'OTCMKTS', 'KLPEF', 'NYSE', 'Strong Buy Ratings Rating Score Klépierre', 'Klépierre N/A N/A N/A Realty Income', 'number one shopping center owner', 'S&P 500 Dividend Aristocrats index', 'EPRA Euro Zone Indexes', 'proactive sustainable development policy', 'long-term net lease agreements', 'MSCI Europe ESG Leaders', 'FREE daily email newsletter', 'real estate investment trust', 'Get Klépierre alerts', 'The Monthly Dividend Company', 'Ratings Buy Ratings', 'stronger consensus rating', 'Earnings Ratio Klépierre', 'Strong institutional ownership', 'Get Free Report', 'large shopping centers', 'Klépierre Daily', 'large money managers', 'Klépierre SA', 'asset management skills', '15,450 real estate properties', '55-year operating history', 'Euronext CAC 40 ESG', 'Euronext Vigeo Europe', 'Euronext CAC SBT', 'consensus price target', 'dependable monthly dividends', '644 consecutive monthly dividends', 'higher possible upside', 'S&P 500 company', 'concise daily summary', 'Net Income Earnings', 'Realty Income shares', 'Net Margins Return', 'Gross Revenue Price', 'shopping malls', 'Sales Ratio', 'Sell Ratings', 'property development', 'The Company', 'Continental Europe', 'ethical indexes', 'email address', 'higher revenue', 'Euronext Paris', 'CAC Next', 'potential upside', ""analysts' ratings"", 'stock price', 'institutional investors', 'OTCMKTS:KLPEF', 'finance companies', 'two companies', 'analyst recommendations', 'current recommendations', 'MarketBeat.com', 'hedge funds', 'long term', 'two stocks', 'European leader', 'controlling stake', 'Strøm', 'global leadership', 'climate change', 'cash flow', 'Spirit merger', 'commercial clients', 'common stock', 'public listing', 'related companies', 'Share Price', 'NYSE:O', 'French REIT', 'latest news', 'Equity Return', 'strength', 'risk', 'profitability', 'valuation', 'table', 'assets', 'Volatility', 'beta', 'Insider', 'indication', 'endowments', '11 factors', 'portfolio', 'December', '10 countries', 'hundreds', 'millions', 'visitors', 'Steen', 'Scandinavia', 'SIIC', 'FTSE4Good', 'features', 'CDP', 'A-list', 'distinctions', 'Group', 'commitment', 'fight', 'member', 'people', 'places', 'time', 'over', 'January', 'date', '14.']",2024-06-17,2024-06-18,etfdailynews.com
42860,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2024/06/17/2899909/0/fr/Vastned-Belgium-Application-of-article-7-97-BCAC-by-the-Board-of-Directors-of-Vastned-Belgium.html,Vastned Belgium: Application of article 7:97 BCAC by the Board of Directors of Vastned Belgium,The board of directors of Vastned Belgium NV (Euronext: VASTB  “Vastned Belgium” or the “Company”) has requested the committee of independent directors of the Company (the “Committee”) to issue an opinion in application of article 7:97 of the Belgian Companie…,The board of directors of Vastned Belgium NV (Euronext: VASTB  “Vastned Belgium” or the “Company”) has requested the committee of independent directors of the Company (the “Committee”) to issue an opinion in application of article 7:97 of the Belgian Companies and Associations Code (the “BCAC”) on the adoption of common draft terms of the cross-border merger (the“Merger Proposal”) between the Company and Vastned Retail N.V  a listed public limited liability company incorporated under Dutch law  having its corporate seat in Amsterdam  the Netherlands  and its principal place of business at Mercuriusplein 11  2132 HA Hoofddorp  the Netherlands and registered in the trade register of the Dutch Chamber of Commerce (Kamer van Koophandel) under number 24262564 (“Vastned Retail” and together with the Company  the “Parties” and  together with their affiliated companies  the “Group”).Full press release:Pièce jointe,neutral,0.03,0.97,0.01,neutral,0.03,0.93,0.04,True,English,"['Vastned Belgium', 'Application', 'article', '7:97 BCAC', 'Board', 'Directors', 'Vastned Retail N.V', 'public limited liability company', 'common draft terms', 'Kamer van Koophandel', 'Full press release', 'Pièce jointe', 'Vastned Belgium NV', 'Belgian Companies', 'Associations Code', 'cross-border merger', 'Merger Proposal', 'Dutch law', 'corporate seat', 'principal place', '2132 HA Hoofddorp', 'trade register', 'Dutch Chamber', 'affiliated companies', 'independent directors', 'board', 'VASTB', 'committee', 'opinion', 'application', 'article', 'BCAC', 'adoption', 'Amsterdam', 'Netherlands', 'business', 'Mercuriusplein', 'Commerce', 'number', 'Parties', 'Group']",2024-06-17,2024-06-18,globenewswire.com
42861,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/VASTNED-BELGIUM-5942/news/Vastned-Belgium-Application-of-article-7-97-BCAC-by-the-Board-of-Directors-of-Vastned-Belgium-46987336/,Vastned Belgium: Application of article 7:97 BCAC by the Board of Directors of Vastned Belgium,(marketscreener.com) The board of directors of Vastned Belgium NV has requested the committee of independent directors of the Company to issue an opinion in application of article 7:97 of the Belgian Companies and Associations Code on the adoption of common d…,The board of directors of Vastned Belgium NV (Euronext: VASTB  “Vastned Belgium” or the “Company”) has requested the committee of independent directors of the Company (the “Committee”) to issue an opinion in application of article 7:97 of the Belgian Companies and Associations Code (the “BCAC”) on the adoption of common draft terms of the cross-border merger (the“Merger Proposal”) between the Company and Vastned Retail N.V  a listed public limited liability company incorporated under Dutch law  having its corporate seat in Amsterdam  the Netherlands  and its principal place of business at Mercuriusplein 11  2132 HA Hoofddorp  the Netherlands and registered in the trade register of the Dutch Chamber of Commerce (Kamer van Koophandel) under number 24262564 (“Vastned Retail” and together with the Company  the “Parties” and  together with their affiliated companies  the “Group”).Full press release:Attachment,neutral,0.03,0.97,0.01,neutral,0.04,0.94,0.02,True,English,"['Vastned Belgium', 'Application', 'article', '7:97 BCAC', 'Board', 'Directors', 'Vastned Retail N.V', 'public limited liability company', 'common draft terms', 'Kamer van Koophandel', 'Full press release', 'Vastned Belgium NV', 'Belgian Companies', 'Associations Code', 'cross-border merger', 'Merger Proposal', 'Dutch law', 'corporate seat', 'principal place', '2132 HA Hoofddorp', 'trade register', 'Dutch Chamber', 'affiliated companies', 'independent directors', 'board', 'VASTB', 'committee', 'opinion', 'application', 'article', 'BCAC', 'adoption', 'Amsterdam', 'Netherlands', 'business', 'Mercuriusplein', 'Commerce', 'number', 'Parties', 'Group', 'Attachment']",2024-06-17,2024-06-18,marketscreener.com
42862,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/JCDECAUX-SE-4664/news/IGPDecaux-wins-a-13-year-contract-for-Rome-Metro-buses-and-tramways-in-Italy-46986916/,IGPDecaux wins a 13-year contract for Rome Metro  buses and tramways in Italy,(marketscreener.com) IGPDecaux wins a 13-year contract for Rome Metro  buses and tramways in Italy Paris  June 17th  2024 – JCDecaux SE   the number one outdoor advertising company worldwide  announces that IGPDecaux has won the Metro  buses and tramways cont…,IGPDecaux wins a 13-year contract for Rome Metro  buses and tramways in ItalyParis  June 17th  2024 – JCDecaux SE (Euronext Paris: DEC)  the number one outdoor advertising company worldwide  announces that IGPDecaux has won the Metro  buses and tramways contract in Rome (population: 2.8 million). IGPDecaux is a company that is 60% owned by JCDecaux SE and 40% by the du Chène de Vère family.Following a competitive tender awarded by ATAC  the city’s public transport company  thanks to a Project Financing proposal  the 13-year contract covers the upgrade of the Rome Metro Line A through a major regeneration of the stations that will also include the enhancement of the metro's advertising assets (Lines A  B-B1  as well as Line C that had no advertising previously). IGPDecaux will also continue to operate the advertising on Rome’s buses and tramways. The Rome Metro  buses and tramways carry nearly 2.6 million passengers per day  totalling 940 million each year.This intervention is part of a detailed plan by the Municipality of Rome to enhance the urban environment and introduce innovative services ahead of the Jubilee year in 2025  when millions of pilgrims and tourists are expected to visit Rome and the Vatican City. This contract is based on a hybrid model where Capex will be financed by a public subsidy and through advertising.IGPDecaux will handle the detailed design and requalification works at 4 stations on Line A (Spagna  Ottaviano  Cipro by 2024  and San Giovanni by 2026). For the remaining 23 stations on Line A  IGPDecaux will conduct technical and economic feasibility studies  with ATAC directly carrying out the works.Additionally  IGPDecaux will oversee the artistic direction for all 27 stations  ensuring a cohesive design that will respect each station’s unique artistic and structural characteristics while maintaining a consistent stylistic identity. This approach aims to enhance both the functionality and aesthetic appeal of the metro environments for users.The refurbishment will also address wall coverings  which may include cleaning  restoration  and the installation of new materials as needed. Flooring upgrades will feature state-of-the-art  non-slip materials designed for easy maintenance  balancing functionality and design quality.The project also includes technological upgrades and a complete overhaul of the signage system  featuring a uniform design across the entire line. The modernisation of the layout  based on detailed passenger movement analysis  aims to optimise the selection and organisation of information for clear  effective  and accessible communication  while transforming Rome’s metro into a digital hub. In addition  special pathways will be created to assist visually impaired passengers.This renovation aims to improve the quality of services offered as well as the travel experience of metro users  benefiting both passengers and advertisers with renovated environments and more innovative and impactful advertising installations. The new layout  which also covers the B-B1 and C lines in addition to the A line  includes the high-profile digitisation of advertising sites  including more than 60 cross-track digital screens  over 166 iVision digital screens with increased station coverage  and the installation of LED wall systems of various sizes to create immersive areas in the mezzanine/lobby level of Spagna and Cipro stations. More than 300 analog spaces in a variety of different formats complete the metro’s offering.In line with JCDecaux’s Climate strategy targeting Net Zero Carbon by 2050  Rome’s Metro contract aims to reduce carbon emissions through the use of renewable energy in the production phase (indirect emissions) and the power used by these newly installed virtuous products (lighting and digital).Alberto Zorzan  General Director of ATAC  said: “The renovation of the metro A stations  which is an integral part of the tender that ATAC has awarded  has a high strategic value that is part of the profound modernisation of the Capital's transport assets to which ATAC is dedicated. We are confident  moreover  that IGPDecaux  a company with considerable experience behind it  will be able to best interpret our needs by optimally performing the works that are the subject of its proposal. The transformation of the metro A stations will make them more welcoming and functional  being one of the qualifying points of the Jubilee plan. Our customers will be able to leverage benefits over a duration that goes beyond the Holy Year.”Jean-Charles Decaux  Chairman of the Executive Board and Co-CEO of JCDecaux  said: “We are very proud to have been awarded this iconic contract in the Italian Capital  as we approach the Jubilee year in 2025. We would like to thank ATAC  one of the leading urban mobility operators in Italy and one of the largest Local Public Transport companies in Europe  for its confidence in IGPDecaux’s ability to successfully deliver Rome’s Metro contract. The project to upgrade an urban public space such as the metro aligns with our mission to sustainably improve the quality of life for all citizens through proximity and mobility. Our Group will bring its technical  aesthetic  service-oriented and environmental expertise to offer advertisers a powerful communication platform in Italy’s Capital City  including digital displays that will benefit local residents and tourists alike.”Key Figures for JCDecaux2023 revenue: €3 570.0m (a)N°1 Out-of-Home Media company worldwideA daily audience of 850 million people in more than 80 countries1 056 833 advertising panels worldwidePresent in 3 918 cities with more than 10 000 inhabitants11 650 employeesJCDecaux is listed on the Eurolist of Euronext Paris and is part of the Euronext 100 and Euronext Family Business indexesJCDecaux is recognised for its extra-financial performance in the FTSE4Good (3.4/5)  CDP (A)  MSCI (AAA)  Sustainalytics (13.7)  and has achieved Gold Medal status from EcoVadis1st Out-of-Home Media company to join the RE100Leader in self-service bike rental scheme: pioneer in eco-friendly mobilityN°1 worldwide in street furniture (630 196 advertising panels)N°1 worldwide in transport advertising with 153 airports and 258 contracts in metros  buses  trains and tramways (319 081 advertising panels)N°1 in Europe for billboards (85 743 advertising panels worldwide)N°1 in outdoor advertising in Europe (708 620 advertising panels)N°1 in outdoor advertising in Asia-Pacific (165 292 advertising panels)N°1 in outdoor advertising in Latin America (91 682 advertising panels)N°1 in outdoor advertising in Africa (25 337 advertising panels)N°1 in outdoor advertising in the Middle East (21 300 advertising panels)(a) Adjusted revenueFor more information about JCDecaux  please visit jcdecaux.com .Join us on Twitter   LinkedIn   Facebook   Instagram and YouTube.Communications Department: Albert Asséraf+33 (0) 1 30 79 79 10 – albert.asseraf@jcdecaux.comInvestor Relations: Rémi Grisard+33 (0) 1 30 79 79 93 – remi.grisard@jcdecaux.comAttachment,neutral,0.06,0.94,0.01,positive,0.75,0.24,0.01,True,English,"['13-year contract', 'Rome Metro', 'IGPDecaux', 'buses', 'tramways', 'Italy', 'du Chène de Vère family', 'largest Local Public Transport companies', 'leading urban mobility operators', 'detailed passenger movement analysis', 'one outdoor advertising company', 'urban public space', 'economic feasibility studies', 'consistent stylistic identity', 'high strategic value', 'public transport company', 'LED wall systems', 'Net Zero Carbon', 'Rome Metro Line A', '60 cross-track digital screens', '166 iVision digital screens', 'impactful advertising installations', 'The Rome Metro', 'Project Financing proposal', 'metro A stations', 'transport assets', 'public subsidy', 'urban environment', 'A line', 'detailed plan', 'detailed design', 'Lines A', 'wall coverings', 'carbon emissions', 'digital hub', 'Line C', 'entire line', 'metro environments', 'June 17th', 'major regeneration', 'advertising assets', 'Jubilee year', 'hybrid model', 'San Giovanni', 'artistic direction', 'cohesive design', 'unique artistic', 'structural characteristics', 'aesthetic appeal', 'new materials', 'Flooring upgrades', 'slip materials', 'easy maintenance', 'technological upgrades', 'complete overhaul', 'signage system', 'uniform design', 'accessible communication', 'special pathways', 'travel experience', 'renovated environments', 'C lines', 'high-profile digitisation', 'advertising sites', 'various sizes', 'immersive areas', 'mezzanine/lobby level', '300 analog spaces', 'different formats', 'Climate strategy', 'renewable energy', 'production phase', 'indirect emissions', 'virtuous products', 'Alberto Zorzan', 'General Director', 'considerable experience', 'qualifying points', 'Jubilee plan', 'Holy Year', 'Jean-Charles Decaux', 'Executive Board', 'Metro contract', '13-year contract', 'remaining 23 stations', 'iconic contract', 'metro users', 'JCDecaux SE', 'Euronext Paris', 'competitive tender', 'Vatican City', 'balancing functionality', 'design quality', 'new layout', 'station coverage', 'profound modernisation', 'Italian Capital', 'Cipro stations', '2.6 million passengers', 'requalification works', 'integral part', 'tramways contract', 'innovative services', '4 stations', '27 stations', 'IGPDecaux', 'buses', 'Italy', 'number', 'population', 'ATAC', 'enhancement', 'B-B', 'day', 'intervention', 'Municipality', 'millions', 'pilgrims', 'tourists', 'Capex', 'Spagna', 'Ottaviano', 'technical', 'approach', 'refurbishment', 'cleaning', 'restoration', 'selection', 'organisation', 'information', 'addition', 'impaired', 'renovation', 'advertisers', 'More', 'variety', 'offering', 'power', 'lighting', 'needs', 'subject', 'transformation', 'customers', 'benefits', 'duration', 'Chairman', 'CEO', 'Europe', 'confidence', 'ability']",2024-06-17,2024-06-18,marketscreener.com
42863,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://fortune.com/europe/2024/06/17/london-paris-europes-largest-stock-market-emmanuel-macron-snap-france-election-investors/,London snatches the crown from Paris as Europe’s largest stock market after Emmanuel Macron’s snap election sends investors into a spin,London lost its position as the leading stock market last time following political chaos under former Prime Minister Liz Truss.,It’s been a turbulent week in France since President Emmanuel Macron suddenly announced snap elections and dissolved the National Assembly.The news rocked the French stock markets  prompting the worst sell-off in two years. High-profile victims included BNP Paribas and Société Générale. Roughly $258 billion was erased from France’s market capitalization. Even the euro fell in response to Macron’s plan.Those events have toppled Paris from its throne as Europe’s biggest stock market  paving the way for London to take the helm on Monday for the first time in nearly two years.London Stock Exchange’s market cap stands at $3.18 trillion  just slightly above Euronext Paris’ at $3.13 trillion  Bloomberg reported. France’s CAC 40 Index  comprising the stock market’s biggest companies  has wiped out all its 2024 gains so far.The U.K. could use the boost as it navigates a slowdown in IPOs and lingering macroeconomic uncertainties. The country once had a $1.5 trillion lead against the French capital in 2016  which has narrowed in recent years. The last time the country lost its prestigious position as the leading stock market to France  it was amid eye-popping inflation of 10.7% (now down to 2.3%) following political chaos under former Prime Minister Liz Truss.Julia Hoggett  the CEO of London Stock Exchange. Hollie Adams—Bloomberg/Getty ImagesThe news came as the LSE’s CEO Julia Hoggett was named a Dame in the King’s Birthday Honours list. Commenting on the recognition  Hogett said in a statement:“Whilst I recognise that this is an individual honour  I feel it is very much for the team of people at the London Stock Exchange who do such remarkable work to support the companies  investors and intermediaries in our markets.”The U.K. markets  rich with oil and mining companies  were more exposed to the volatility of economic forces during the pandemic. At the same time  Paris was gaining ground with the rise of luxury giants like LVMH and Hermès owing to pandemic-fueled spending.This confluence of events ultimately pushed London below Paris in its ranking as Europe’s most valuable stock market—until political chaos in France propped it back up again.The rivalry between the two financial centers has been long-running. For instance  London lost its top spot as home to the most Fortune Global 500 companies last year. Surprise  surprise: Paris rose to beat the British capital.London has also suffered other blows to its reputation as a business hub  with Cambridge-based semiconductor company Arm Holdings choosing to list in New York instead. Still  IPO and merger activity are picking up  which helps bolster the LSE’s position. Raspberry Pi  a personal computer company  recently launched its IPO  and its shares soared over 50% in less than a week  making it one of London’s best-performing tech listings in recent memory.France’s political problemAt the recent European Parliamentary elections  the rise of the right-wing vote clearly indicated the popularity of President Macron’s competitor  Marine Le Pen  in France.If Le Pen’s Euroskeptic National Rally (NR) party ascends to power  it could mean a broader shift in parliamentary power and French politics. For the markets  that means more expensive France-centric policies  driving up spending and national debt  which have been piling up on a rickety financial system.As a result  French government bonds saw their risk premiums shoot up to the highest since 2017. The difference between these and the benchmark German bonds reflects the premium investors demand to hold French government bonds  given the risk attached to them.Bruno Le Maire  France’s finance minister  warned last week that the country “would face guaranteed economic collapse” if parties on the extreme right or left rose to power. He also warned that if Le Pen is elected  France could face a Truss-style debt crisis  sparked by a slew of proposed unfunded tax cuts that led to a bond sell-off in the U.K.Whatever happens  France will have an eventful few weeks in the lead-up to the elections  due to be held on June 30 and July 7.,neutral,0.15,0.79,0.06,mixed,0.13,0.31,0.56,True,English,"['largest stock market', 'Emmanuel Macron', 'snap election', 'London', 'crown', 'Paris', 'Europe', 'investors', 'spin', 'Société Générale', 'Cambridge-based semiconductor company Arm Holdings', 'former Prime Minister Liz Truss', 'Euroskeptic National Rally (NR) party', 'recent European Parliamentary elections', 'The U.K. markets', 'personal computer company', 'lingering macroeconomic uncertainties', 'Birthday Honours list', 'performing tech listings', 'expensive France-centric policies', 'rickety financial system', 'benchmark German bonds', 'unfunded tax cuts', 'French government bonds', 'Bruno Le Maire', 'Truss-style debt crisis', 'leading stock market', 'valuable stock market', 'two financial centers', 'Fortune Global 500 companies', 'premium investors demand', 'biggest stock market', 'Marine Le Pen', 'French stock markets', 'London Stock Exchange', 'President Emmanuel Macron', 'CEO Julia Hoggett', 'national debt', 'finance minister', 'National Assembly', 'recent years', 'recent memory', 'French capital', 'French politics', 'market capitalization', 'biggest companies', 'President Macron', 'snap elections', 'two years', 'parliamentary power', 'turbulent week', 'worst sell-off', 'High-profile victims', 'BNP Paribas', 'first time', 'CAC 40 Index', '$1.5 trillion lead', 'eye-popping inflation', 'political chaos', 'Hollie Adams', 'Bloomberg/Getty Images', 'individual honour', 'remarkable work', 'mining companies', 'economic forces', 'same time', 'luxury giants', 'Hermès', 'top spot', 'British capital', 'other blows', 'business hub', 'New York', 'merger activity', 'Raspberry Pi', 'a week', 'political problem', 'right-wing vote', 'broader shift', 'economic collapse', 'extreme right', 'bond sell-off', 'eventful few', 'prestigious position', 'pandemic-fueled spending', 'risk premiums', 'Euronext Paris', 'news', 'response', 'plan', 'events', 'throne', 'way', 'helm', 'Monday', '2024 gains', 'boost', 'slowdown', 'IPOs', 'country', 'LSE', 'King', 'recognition', 'Hogett', 'statement', 'team', 'people', 'intermediaries', 'oil', 'volatility', 'ground', 'rise', 'LVMH', 'confluence', 'rivalry', 'instance', 'home', 'reputation', 'shares', 'less', 'popularity', 'competitor', 'result', 'difference', 'parties', 'slew', 'weeks', 'lead-up', 'June', 'July', '2.']",2024-06-17,2024-06-18,fortune.com
42864,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2024/06/17/2899876/0/en/Voltalia-SA-Total-number-of-shares-and-voting-rights-in-the-share-capital-as-of-May-31-2024.html,Voltalia SA: Total number of shares and voting rights in the share capital as of May 31  2024,Total number of shares and voting rights in the share capital as of May 31  2024 (Articles L. 233-8 (II) of the French Commercial Code and 223-16 of the General Regulations of the French Financial Markets Authority),Total number of shares and voting rights in the share capitalas of May 31  2024(Articles L. 233-8 (II) of the French Commercial Code and 223-16 of the General Regulations of the French Financial Markets Authority)Date Total number of shares in the capital Number of theoretical voting rights Number of exercisable voting rights 05/31/2024 131 318 716 197 646 680 196 920 338Next on the agenda: Turnover for the 2nd quarter of 2024  24 July 2024 (after market close)About Voltalia (www.voltalia.com) Voltalia is an international player in the renewable energy sector. The Group produces and sells electricity generated from wind  solar  hydraulic  biomass and storage facilities that it owns and operates. Voltalia has generating capacity in operation and under construction of more than 3 GW and a portfolio of projects under development representing total capacity of 16.6 GW.Voltalia is also a service provider and supports its investor clients in renewable energy projects during all phases  from design to operation and maintenance.As a pioneer in the corporate market  Voltalia provides a global offer to private companies  ranging from the supply of green electricity and energy efficiency services to the local production of their own electricity.The Group has more than 1 850 employees and is present in 20 countries on 3 continents and is able to act worldwide on behalf of its clients.Voltalia is listed on the regulated market of Euronext Paris  compartment B (FR0011995588 – VLTSA) and is part of the Enternext Tech 40 and CAC Mid & Small indices. The Group is also included in the Gaïa-Index  an index for socially responsible midcaps. VoltaliaInvestor Relations: invest@voltalia.comT. +33 (0)1 81 70 37 00 Seitosei ActifinPress Contact: Jennifer JulliaEmail: jennifer.jullia@seitosei-actifin.comT. +33 (0)1 56 88 11 19Attachment,neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,neutral,0.02,0.98,0.01,True,English,"['Voltalia SA', 'Total number', 'voting rights', 'share capital', 'shares', 'May', 'French Financial Markets Authority', 'French Commercial Code', 'renewable energy sector', 'energy efficiency services', 'theoretical voting rights', 'exercisable voting rights', 'renewable energy projects', 'share capital', 'General Regulations', '2nd quarter', 'international player', 'The Group', 'hydraulic, biomass', 'storage facilities', 'generating capacity', 'total capacity', 'service provider', 'global offer', 'private companies', 'local production', 'Euronext Paris', 'Enternext Tech', 'CAC Mid', 'Small indices', 'Gaïa-Index', 'responsible midcaps', 'Investor Relations', 'Press Contact', 'Total number', 'capital Number', 'corporate market', 'regulated market', 'investor clients', 'Seitosei Actifin', 'green electricity', 'Jennifer Jullia', 'shares', 'May', 'Articles', 'Date', 'agenda', 'Turnover', 'Voltalia', 'operation', 'construction', '3 GW', 'portfolio', 'development', '16.6 GW.', 'phases', 'design', 'maintenance', 'pioneer', 'supply', '1,850 employees', '20 countries', '3 continents', 'behalf', 'compartment', 'VLTSA', 'T.', 'Email', 'Attachment']",2024-06-17,2024-06-18,globenewswire.com
42865,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2024/06/17/2899341/0/en/Exor-Press-Release-Periodic-Report-on-the-Buyback-Program.html,Exor Press Release - Periodic Report on the Buyback Program,Amsterdam  17 June 2024  EXOR N.V.: PERIODIC REPORT ON THE BUYBACK PROGRAM    Exor N.V. (AMS: EXO) (“Exor” or the “Company”) announces that  under the......,Amsterdam  17 June 2024EXOR N.V.: PERIODIC REPORT ON THE BUYBACK PROGRAMExor N.V. (AMS: EXO) (“Exor” or the “Company”) announces that  under the first tranche of the share buyback program of up to €125 million announced on 15 April 2024 (the “first tranche”)  the Company has completed the following transactions on Euronext Amsterdam  CBOE DXE and Turquoise Europe:EURONEXT AMSTERDAMTrading Date Number of ordinary shares purchased Average price per share excluding fees (€) Total consideration excluding fees (€) 10 June 2024 20 624 99.40 2 050 097.78 11 June 2024 20 958 99.15 2 077 885.10 12 June 2024 20 616 99.55 2 052 283.63 13 June 2024 21 089 99.47 2 097 655.35 14 June 2024 21 022 97.20 2 043 397.26 TOTAL 104 309 10 321 319.12CBOE DXETrading Date Number of ordinary shares purchased Average price per share excluding fees (€) Total consideration excluding fees (€) 10 June 2024 11 811 99.41 1 174 164.58 11 June 2024 12 591 99.13 1 248 186.12 12 June 2024 12 625 99.50 1 256 174.88 13 June 2024 13 161 99.47 1 309 152.31 14 June 2024 13 177 97.19 1 280 638.37 TOTAL 63 365 6 268 316.25TURQUOISE EUROPETrading Date Number of ordinary shares purchased Average price per share excluding fees (€) Total consideration excluding fees (€) 10 June 2024 695 98.76 68 635.84 11 June 2024 796 99.52 79 220.47 12 June 2024 850 99.04 84 186.72 13 June 2024 972 100.36 97 548.75 14 June 2024 907 97.78 88 685.64 TOTAL 4 220 418 277.42After these purchases  the total invested amount under the first tranche is approximately €93 million for a total amount of 914 768 ordinary shares purchased.As of 17 June 2024  the Company held in total 5 812 312 ordinary shares in treasury (2.63% of total ordinary issued share capital)1.A comprehensive overview of the transactions carried out under the share buyback program  as well as the details of the above transactions  are available on Exor’s corporate website under the Share Buyback section.1 This corresponds to 0.81% of the total issued share capital including both ordinary shares and special voting shares.Attachment,neutral,0.01,0.98,0.01,neutral,0.02,0.94,0.03,True,English,"['Exor Press Release', 'Periodic Report', 'Buyback Program', 'special voting shares', 'EXOR N.V.', 'Share Buyback section', 'Trading Date Number', 'share buyback program', 'ordinary shares', 'PERIODIC REPORT', 'first tranche', 'CBOE DXE', 'Turquoise Europe', 'Average price', 'share capital', 'comprehensive overview', 'corporate website', 'Euronext Amsterdam', 'Total consideration', 'total ordinary', 'following transactions', 'total amount', '17 June', 'THE', 'Company', '15 April', 'fees', '10 June', '13 June', '14 June', 'purchases', 'treasury', 'details', 'Attachment']",2024-06-17,2024-06-18,globenewswire.com
42866,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/LHYFE-137697440/news/First-for-France-Lhyfe-delivers-350-kg-of-green-hydrogen-to-Geomethane-Engie-group-for-a-salt-c-46985206/,First for France: Lhyfe delivers 350 kg of green hydrogen to Géométhane (Engie group) for a salt cavern storage test,(marketscreener.com)   Storing green hydrogen is a lever for energy independence.   Salt caverns are already being used to store natural gas.   The hydrogen was delivered and injected into the system on Thursday 13 June.     Nantes   17 June 2024…,"Storing green hydrogen is a lever for energy independence.Salt caverns are already being used to store natural gas.The hydrogen was delivered and injected into the system on Thursday 13 June.Nantes (France)  17 June 2024 - 2 pm - Lhyfe (EURONEXT: LHYFE)  one of the world's pioneers in the production of green and renewable hydrogen delivered 350 kg of green hydrogen to natural gas expert Géométhane  last Thursday  for it to test injecting hydrogen into salt caverns at its Manosque site in the south of France. The injection  which was completed within the day  is a key test for the next stage of a major project led by the DLVAgglo urban community and Géométhane  which aims to accelerate the decarbonisation of the Marseille-Fos-Sur-Mer industrial site (in the south of France)  in particular using green hydrogen.With this experiment  Géométhane  which currently stores natural gas in salt caverns  seeks to test injecting hydrogen into these same caverns  in order to study how hydrogen behaves. The hydrogen was injected into the natural gas system to reach a storage well and will remain there for observation for several weeks  before being extracted and analysed.Storing hydrogen in salt caverns will contribute to local energy independence by helping to balance the production and use of different energy sources - hydrogen can be extracted on demand to cope with peaks in consumption  or re-injected to store surplus energy supplied by nuclear power stations and renewable energy at times when energy use is lower.Matthieu Guesné  Founder and CEO of Lhyfe: ""We are proud to be contributing to this trial  which demonstrates the extent of the possibilities offered by hydrogen  not only in terms of decarbonising mobility and industry  but also in terms of energy storage  which is a necessary component of our energy independence. As more and more sites begin to produce green hydrogen  the question of storage will become central. The use of salt caverns is a serious option being considered all over Europe. This trial will provide initial feedback on the subject!""For an interview with the spokespersons  please contact the press department.Click to access the Lhyfe Media Kit (press releases and visuals)About LhyfeLhyfe is a European group devoted to energy transition  and a producer and supplier of green and renewable hydrogen.Its production sites and portfolio of projects seek to provide access to green and renewable hydrogen in industrial quantities  and enable the creation of a virtuous energy model capable of decarbonising entire sectors of industry and transport.In 2021  Lhyfe inaugurated the first industrial-scale green hydrogen production plant in the world to be interconnected with a wind farm. In 2022  it inaugurated the first offshore green hydrogen production pilot platform in the world.In 2023  it inaugurated two new sites  and currently has several sites under construction or expansion across Europe.Lhyfe is represented in 12 European countries and had 195 staff at the end of December 2023. The company is listed on the Euronext market in Paris (ISIN: FR0014009YQ1 - LHYFE). Lhyfe.comClick to access the Lhyfe Media Kit (press releases and visuals)ContactsLhyfeIndustry Press Relations: Nouvelles Graines - Clémence ReboursTéléphone : +33 (0)6 60 57 76 43 |c.rebours@nouvelles-graines.comFinancial Press Relations: ACTUS - Manon ClairetTéléphone : +33 (0)1 53 67 36 73 |mclairet@actus.frInvestor Relations: Lhyfe - Yoann Nguyeninvestors@lhyfe.com",neutral,0.04,0.96,0.01,positive,0.62,0.37,0.01,True,English,"['salt cavern storage test', 'Géométhane', 'green hydrogen', 'Engie group', 'France', 'Lhyfe', '350 kg', 'first offshore green hydrogen production pilot platform', 'first industrial-scale green hydrogen production plant', 'Géométhane', 'DLVAgglo urban community', 'nuclear power stations', 'Téléphone', 'different energy sources', 'virtuous energy model', 'Financial Press Relations', 'natural gas expert', 'two new sites', 'Clémence Rebours', 'local energy independence', 'Lhyfe Media Kit', 'natural gas system', 'Industry Press Relations', 'production sites', 'Investor Relations', 'press department', 'press releases', 'surplus energy', 'renewable energy', 'energy transition', 'renewable hydrogen', 'Salt caverns', 'Manosque site', 'key test', 'next stage', 'major project', 'same caverns', 'several weeks', 'Matthieu Guesné', 'necessary component', 'serious option', 'initial feedback', 'European group', 'industrial quantities', 'entire sectors', 'wind farm', 'several sites', '12 European countries', 'Nouvelles Graines', 'Manon Clairet', 'Yoann Nguyen', 'energy storage', 'storage well', 'energy use', 'Thursday 13 June', 'Euronext market', 'lever', 'Nantes', 'France', 'world', 'pioneers', '350 kg', 'south', 'injection', 'decarbonisation', 'Marseille-Fos', 'experiment', 'order', 'observation', 'demand', 'peaks', 'consumption', 'times', 'Founder', 'CEO', 'extent', 'possibilities', 'terms', 'decarbonising', 'mobility', 'question', 'subject', 'interview', 'spokespersons', 'visuals', 'producer', 'supplier', 'portfolio', 'projects', 'access', 'creation', 'transport', 'construction', 'expansion', '195 staff', 'December', 'company', 'Paris', 'FR0014009YQ1', 'Contacts', 'nouvelles-graines', 'ACTUS', 'mclairet', '6']",2024-06-17,2024-06-18,marketscreener.com
42867,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/EAGLE-FOOTBALL-GROUP-42519/news/Eagle-Football-Group-COMPLETION-OF-THE-SALE-OF-SEATTLE-REIGN-FC-46982557/,Eagle Football Group :  COMPLETION OF THE SALE OF SEATTLE REIGN FC,(marketscreener.com)  Lyon  June 17  2024 – 8.00 am. Eagle Football Group announces the completion of the sale of its entire stake in the american franchise Seattle Reign FC   representing 97% of the club's share capital  to a group including the Seattle …,"Lyon  June 17  2024 – 8.00 am.Eagle Football Group announces the completion of the sale of its entire stake in the american franchise Seattle Reign FC (formerly OL Reign)  representing 97% of the club's share capital  to a group including the Seattle Sounders and global investment firm Carlyle.This transaction follows on from the agreement signed between the parties on March 18  after approval by the NWSL (National Women's Soccer League) and MLS (Major League Soccer) Boards of Governors.The sale price is $58 million (currently around €54 million) for 100% of the shares.In line with the Group's strategy announced on October 25  in particular the refocusing on men's football  this transaction should enable Eagle Football Group to recognize a capital gain on the sale in the 2023/2024 financial statements  after deducting current account advances committed to the club's development and the impact of accumulated results since the acquisition of the American franchise in January 2020.Tel: +33 4 81 07 55 00Fax: +33 4 81 07 45 65Email : finance@eaglefootballgroup.comwww.finance.eaglefootballgroup.com Euronext Paris - segment CIndices: CAC All-Share - CAC Consumer DiscretionaryISIN code: FR0010428771Reuters: EFG.PA (ex OLG.PA)Bloomberg: EFG FP (ex OLG FP)ICB : 40501030 Recreational servicesThis publication embed ""🔒 Actusnews SECURITY MASTER "".- SECURITY MASTER Key: lJtyZJpqlGeVnXKbYpVnnJWWZplqlpHJbJKdm2ScZpycaHGRyWlqm5aaZnFnmGVn- Check this key: https://www.security-master-key.com .Regulated information:Inside Information:- Operations of the issuer (acquisitions  salesÃ¢Â€Â¦) Full and original press release in PDF: https://www.actusnews.com/news/86301-240617-cp-closing-vente-ol-reign-en.pdfReceive by email the next press releases of the company by registering on www.actusnews.com   it's free© 2024 ActusNews",neutral,0.06,0.93,0.01,neutral,0.03,0.95,0.01,True,English,"['Eagle Football Group', 'SEATTLE REIGN FC', 'COMPLETION', 'THE', 'SALE', 'global investment firm', '2023/2024 financial statements', 'current account advances', 'segment C Indices', 'original press release', 'next press releases', 'Seattle Reign FC', 'Major League Soccer', 'CAC Consumer Discretionary', 'Eagle Football Group', 'SECURITY MASTER Key', 'Actusnews SECURITY MASTER', 'Soccer League', 'OL Reign', 'Seattle Sounders', 'entire stake', 'american franchise', 'share capital', 'National Women', 'capital gain', 'Euronext Paris', 'ISIN code', 'EFG FP', 'Recreational services', 'Regulated information', 'Inside Information', 'EFG.PA', 'OLG FP', 'sale price', 'OLG.', '2024 ActusNews', 'Lyon', 'June', 'completion', 'club', 'Carlyle', 'transaction', 'agreement', 'parties', 'March', 'approval', 'NWSL', 'MLS', 'Boards', 'Governors', 'shares', 'line', 'strategy', 'October', 'refocusing', 'development', 'impact', 'results', 'acquisition', 'January', 'Tel', 'Fax', 'Email', 'eaglefootballgroup', 'Reuters', 'Bloomberg', 'ICB', 'publication', 'lJtyZJpqlGeVnXKbYpVnnJWWZplqlpHJbJKdm2ScZpycaHGRyWlqm5aaZnFnmGVn', 'Operations', 'issuer', 'salesÃ', 'Full', 'PDF', 'vente', 'company', '8.00', '33 4 81']",2024-06-17,2024-06-18,marketscreener.com
42868,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/AQUILA-HOLDINGS-ASA-61175209/news/Aquila-share-buyback-program-status-46982276/,Aquila : share buyback program status,(marketscreener.com)   Aquila Holdings share buyback program status      17 Jun 2024 07:00 CEST    Subscribe     Issuer   AQUILA HOLDINGS ASA     17 June 2024  Reference is made to the stock...https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/st…,"Aquila Holdings share buyback program status17 June 2024Reference is made to the stock exchange notice from 10 June 2024 announcing ashare buyback program for Aquila Holdings ASA (the ""Company""). From 10 June 2024through 14 June 2024  Pareto Securities AS has bought 240 693 shares on thebehalf of the Company at an average price of NOK 0.9112 and a total value of NOK219 312.62. Additional information on the buyback program: the program consistsof share purchases up to NOK 5 million and may be ended at the Company'sdiscretion prior to fulfilment. The shares are purchased in accordance with theauthorization granted at the Company's Annual General Meeting on 23 May 2024.After the completion of the abovementioned transactions  the Company holds atotal of 20 573 000 own shares  equal to 8.58% of the Company's share capital as per the attached document.For further information  please contact:Nils Haugestad  Interim CEO & CFOnils.haugestad@aquilaholdings.no+47 977 04 439About Aquila HoldingsAquila Holdings ASA (""AQUIL"") is a Norwegian seismic multi-client and investmentcompany listed on Euronext Expand. Aquila Holdings specializes in 3D oceanbottom node seismic multi-client data for near-field exploration. The companyholds two key seismic multi-client assets  one in Norway and one in Egypt.Aquila Holdings also has an investment arm  with focus on investments in listedcompanies as well as companies expected to be listed.More information on www.aquilaholdings.noThis information is made public in accordance with the EU Market AbuseRegulation and is subject to the disclosure requirements pursuant to Section5-12 of the Norwegian Securities Trading Act.More information:Access the news on Oslo Bors NewsWeb site621609_AQUIL Transaksjonsoversikt 14.06.pdf",neutral,0.13,0.86,0.01,negative,0.02,0.26,0.73,True,English,"['share buyback program status', 'Aquila', 'bottom node seismic multi-client data', 'two key seismic multi-client assets', 'Oslo Bors NewsWeb site', 'Norwegian Securities Trading Act', 'Norwegian seismic multi-client', 'Pareto Securities AS', 'stock exchange notice', 'Annual General Meeting', 'EU Market Abuse', 'buyback program status', 'Aquila Holdings ASA', 'share buyback program', 'share purchases', 'share capital', 'average price', 'attached document', 'Interim CEO', 'CFO nils', 'Euronext Expand', '3D ocean', 'field exploration', 'investment arm', 'disclosure requirements', 'Additional information', 'More information', 'total value', 'Nils Haugestad', 'AQUIL Transaksjonsoversikt', 'investment company', 'June', 'Reference', '240,693 shares', 'behalf', 'NOK', 'discretion', 'fulfilment', 'accordance', 'authorization', '23 May', 'completion', 'abovementioned', 'transactions', 'aquilaholdings', 'Norway', 'Egypt', 'focus', 'investments', 'companies', 'Regulation', 'Section', '20,573,000']",2024-06-17,2024-06-18,marketscreener.com
42869,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.hospitalitynet.org/news/4122451.html,Almost every hotel or resort customer reads guest reviews,A staggering 97% of hotel guests have consulted guest reviews when looking to book a stay in a hotel or resort  according to a new report from Accor  a world leading hospitality group.,A staggering 97% of hotel guests have consulted guest reviews when looking to book a stay in a hotel or resort  according to a new report from Accor  a world leading hospitality group.The report  based on research1 carried out amongst 5 000 travellers across five European countries who stayed in a hotel or resort during the last 12 months  reveals that almost four in ten (38%) guests do so every time they book a stay  and a further 38% do so most of the time.According to the study  guest reviews and ratings are the second most important factor in the booking decision process  ranking just behind rooms and amenities  and surpassing criteria such as food and dining options  Wi-Fi/internet connection  and health and hygiene standards.Respondents across all five countries like to check in depth when reading reviews. On average  guests read nine reviews (8.63) for each hotel or resort they’re looking to stay at  with those in Poland reading the most (10.58).Cleanliness the most important factorThe information respondents are most interested in before booking a stay is how clean a hotel or resort is. When asked to identify three areas they would most want to read about  52% stated that cleanliness was the most important factor  followed by value for money (27%)  bedrooms (26%)  location (21%) and staff friendliness (19%).Reviews are more important for couples and families than solo travellers. Of those who read reviews  85% of those looking to book a trip away with a partner believe customer reviews are important. Almost as many (82%) say reviews are important when booking a family holiday. Even when booking a solo trip  66% said that reading reviews is a crucial part of the decision-making process  with 55% of business travellers in agreement.A majority of those reading reviews (63%) try to take a balanced approach  being sure to acknowledge both positive and negative reviews  with respondents in the UK being most likely to do so.More than two-thirds (67%) of people who read reviews will ignore those that are more than six months old  confirming the importance of recent reviews.Poles the most prolific review writersAfter staying at a hotel or resort  nearly six out of ten people (57%) say they write reviews themselves for at least half of their stays. 10% of those surveyed do so after every stay and another 30% do so most of the time. The report reveals that travellers from Poland are most likely to write reviews  with 95% having done so. They are followed by those from Spain (94%)  Germany (85%)  and France (84%)  with UK guests (79%) being least likely to do so.Members of travel loyalty programmes are most likely to round off their stay at a hotel or resort with a review  with 94% writing them against 79% of non-members.According to the study  71% of respondents appreciate hotels taking the time to respond to reviews  as it demonstrates that customer feedback is highly valued. This sentiment was strongest in Spain  with 78% of respondents agreeing  and lowest in the UK  with 59%. However  12% expressed they were not in favour of hotels or resorts replying to customer reviews  stating that it can appear to be insincere or just a business requirement.Guest reviews are not just a reference point but a key decision-making tool for travellers  influencing buying decisions and perceptions of hotels  resorts and brands. Our guests pay close attention to each other  and hoteliers must pay close attention to them too as part of their marketing strategies. Reviews are people power in action and it is vital that those in the industry harness that power by taking them on board and continually improving – for the benefit of our own businesses as well as our guests. Antoine Dubois  Senior Vice President  Sponsoring  Marketing  Loyalty & Guest Experience for Europe & North AfricaTo read the full report  go to www.accoreuropeantrends.com.About Accor  a world-leading hospitality groupAccor is a world leading hospitality group offering experiences across more than 110 countries  with 5 600 properties  10 000 food & beverage venues  wellness facilities or flexible workspaces. The Group has one of the industry's most diverse hospitality ecosystems  encompassing more than 45 hotel brands from luxury to economy  as well as Lifestyle with Ennismore. Accor is committed to taking positive action in terms of business ethics & integrity  responsible tourism  sustainable development  community outreach  and diversity & inclusion. Founded in 1967  Accor SA is headquartered in France and publicly listed on Euronext Paris (ISIN code: FR0000120404) and on the OTC Market (Ticker: ACCYY) in the United States. For more information  please visit group.accor.com or follow us on X  Facebook  LinkedIn  Instagram and TikTok.Silvia de CandiaAccor,neutral,0.02,0.97,0.01,mixed,0.44,0.27,0.29,True,English,"['resort customer', 'guest reviews', 'hotel', 'world leading hospitality group', 'diverse hospitality ecosystems', 'world-leading hospitality group', 'Senior Vice President', 'Silvia de Candia', 'booking decision process', 'key decision-making tool', 'prolific review writers', 'travel loyalty programmes', 'five European countries', 'decision-making process', 'The Group', 'five countries', 'last 12 months', 'important factor', 'dining options', 'Wi-Fi/internet connection', 'hygiene standards', 'three areas', 'staff friendliness', 'family holiday', 'balanced approach', 'customer feedback', 'business requirement', 'reference point', 'buying decisions', 'close attention', 'Antoine Dubois', 'North Africa', 'beverage venues', 'wellness facilities', 'flexible workspaces', 'business ethics', 'responsible tourism', 'sustainable development', 'community outreach', 'Euronext Paris', 'ISIN code', 'OTC Market', 'United States', 'ten people', 'new report', 'solo trip', 'crucial part', 'marketing strategies', 'full report', 'nine reviews', 'customer reviews', 'negative reviews', 'recent reviews', 'solo travellers', 'business travellers', 'guest reviews', 'people power', 'Accor SA', 'positive action', '45 hotel brands', 'information respondents', 'UK guests', 'hotel guests', '110 countries', '5,000 travellers', 'stay', 'resort', 'research1', 'time', 'study', 'ratings', 'second', 'rooms', 'amenities', 'criteria', 'food', 'health', 'depth', 'Poland', 'Cleanliness', 'value', 'money', 'location', 'couples', 'families', 'partner', 'agreement', 'majority', 'More', 'two-thirds', 'importance', 'half', 'Spain', 'Germany', 'France', 'Members', 'hotels', 'favour', 'perceptions', 'hoteliers', 'industry', 'board', 'benefit', 'businesses', 'Sponsoring', 'Experience', 'accoreuropeantrends', '5,600 properties', 'luxury', 'economy', 'Lifestyle', 'terms', 'integrity', 'diversity', 'inclusion', 'Ticker', 'ACCYY', 'Facebook', 'LinkedIn', 'Instagram', 'TikTok']",2024-06-17,2024-06-18,hospitalitynet.org
42870,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/INNATE-PHARMA-35620/news/Innate-Pharma-Shares-Updated-Results-From-the-Sanofi-Developed-Blood-Cancer-Phase-1-2-SAR443579-IPH6-46982241/,Innate Pharma Shares Updated Results From the Sanofi Developed Blood Cancer Phase 1/2 SAR443579/IPH6101 Trial,(marketscreener.com) SAR443579/IPH6101  ANKET® platform lead asset  is a first-in-class NKp46/CD16-based NK cell engager targeting CD123 from a joint research collaboration between Innate Pharma and Sanofi  under development by Sanofi in R/R AML  B-ALL and …,"SAR443579/IPH6101  ANKET® platform lead asset  is a first-in-class NKp46/CD16-based NK cell engager targeting CD123 from a joint research collaboration between Innate Pharma and Sanofi  under development by Sanofi in R/R AML  B-ALL and HR-MDS SAR443579/IPH6101 continues to show clinical benefit and durable responses along with a favorable safety profile in patients with R/R AML  with 5 complete remissions (4 CR / 1 CRi) achieved at 1 mg/kg  with durable CR (>10 months) observed in 3 patientsRegulatory News:Innate Pharma SA (Euronext Paris: IPH; Nasdaq: IPHA) (“Innate” or the “Company”) announced today that updated efficacy and safety results from the dose-escalation part of the Phase 1/2 study with SAR443579/IPH6101 (SAR'579)  an investigational CD123 targeting NKp46/CD16-based Natural Killer Cell Engager (NKCE)  from a joint research collaboration between Innate Pharma and Sanofi and ANKET® platform lead asset  were shared in an oral presentation at the European Hematology Association 2024 Congress in Madrid  Spain on Sunday  June 16 at 11:45 CEST.The study  led by Sanofi  tests SAR’579 as a monotherapy for the treatment of blood cancers with high unmet needs  including relapsed or refractory acute myeloid leukemia (R/R AML)  B‑cell acute lymphoblastic leukemia (B-ALL) and high-risk myelodysplasia (HR-MDS). SAR’579 has FDA Fast Track Designation for the treatment of acute myeloid leukemia.“We are pleased to see that SAR’579 continues to show promising and durable clinical efficacy along with a favorable safety profile. The ongoing Phase 1/2 study has recently progressed to the Phase 2 stage  marking a significant milestone in its development. We look forward to the continued progress of this multi-specific NK Cell Engager which holds great potential to benefit patients suffering from various blood cancers ” says Dr Sonia Quaratino  Chief Medical Officer of Innate Pharma.Fifty-nine patients (58 R/R AML and 1 HR-MDS) across 11 dose levels (0.01 – 6mg/kg) were treated. Patients had received a median of 2 (1 – 10) prior lines of treatment. A maximum response rate was observed at a final target dose of 1 mg/kg every week with 5 AML patients achieving a CR (4 CR/1 CRi)1. The median treatment duration was 7.9 weeks  with durable CR (>10 months) observed in 3 patients with 2 remaining on maintenance therapy as of the data cutoff. SAR’579 was well tolerated up to doses of 6 mg/kg every week. These data will form the basis for selection of recommended doses for development in the Phase 2 portion of the trial.“We are excited about the emerging results from our development of SAR’579. Ongoing studies are focused on further demonstrating the potential of the NK cell engager in patients with leukemia. We look forward to sharing data from these trials at future scientific meetings ” says Peter Adamson  Global Development Head  Oncology  Sanofi.About ANKET®ANKET® (Antibody-based NK cell Engager Therapeutics) is Innate's proprietary platform for developing next-generation  multi-specific natural killer (NK) cell engagers to treat certain types of cancer. This versatile  fit-for-purpose technology is creating an entirely new class of molecules to induce synthetic immunity against cancer.About the Innate-Sanofi research collaboration and licensing agreementsThe Company has a research collaboration and license agreement with Sanofi to apply Innate’s proprietary technology to the development of innovative multi-specific antibody formats engaging NK cells through the activating receptors NKp46 and CD16 to kill tumor cells.Under the terms of the 2016 research collaboration and license agreement  Sanofi is responsible for the development  manufacturing and commercialization of products resulting from the research collaboration  which includes SAR443579/IPH6101 (Trifunctional anti-CD123 NKp46xCD16 NK cell engager) and SAR445514/IPH6401 (Trifunctional anti-BCMA NKp46xCD16 NK cell engager). As part of the 2016 agreement  Innate Pharma is eligible to up to €400m in development and commercial milestone payments as well as royalties on net sales.As part of the license agreement entered in December 2022  Sanofi licensed IPH62 and IPH67 and has the option for one additional target. Under the terms of the 2022 agreement  Innate Pharma is eligible to up to €1.35bn in development and commercial milestone payments as well as royalties on net sales.About Innate PharmaInnate Pharma S.A. is a global  clinical-stage biotechnology company developing immunotherapies for cancer patients. Its innovative approach aims to harness the innate immune system through therapeutic antibodies and its ANKET® (Antibody-based NK cell Engager Therapeutics) proprietary platform.Innate’s portfolio includes lead proprietary program lacutamab  developed in advanced form of cutaneous T cell lymphomas and peripheral T cell lymphomas  monalizumab developed with AstraZeneca in non-small cell lung cancer  as well as ANKET® multi-specific NK cell engagers to address multiple tumor types.Innate Pharma is a trusted partner to biopharmaceutical companies such as Sanofi and AstraZeneca  as well as leading research institutions  to accelerate innovation  research and development for the benefit of patients.Headquartered in Marseille  France with a US office in Rockville  MD  Innate Pharma is listed on Euronext Paris and Nasdaq in the US.Learn more about Innate Pharma at www.innate-pharma.com and follow us on LinkedIn and X.Information about Innate Pharma sharesISIN code FR0010331421 Ticker code Euronext: IPH Nasdaq: IPHA LEI 9695002Y8420ZB8HJE29Disclaimer on forward-looking information and risk factorsThis press release contains certain forward-looking statements  including those within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. The use of certain words  including “believe ” “potential ” “expect” and “will” and similar expressions  is intended to identify forward-looking statements. Although the company believes its expectations are based on reasonable assumptions  these forward-looking statements are subject to numerous risks and uncertainties  which could cause actual results to differ materially from those anticipated. These risks and uncertainties include  among other things  the uncertainties inherent in research and development  including related to safety  progression of and results from its ongoing and planned clinical trials and preclinical studies  review and approvals by regulatory authorities of its product candidates  the Company’s commercialization efforts and the Company’s continued ability to raise capital to fund its development. For an additional discussion of risks and uncertainties which could cause the company's actual results  financial condition  performance or achievements to differ from those contained in the forward-looking statements  please refer to the Risk Factors (“Facteurs de Risque"") section of the Universal Registration Document filed with the French Financial Markets Authority (“AMF”)  which is available on the AMF website http://www.amf-france.org or on Innate Pharma’s website  and public filings and reports filed with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (“SEC”)  including the Company’s Annual Report on Form 20-F for the year ended December 31  2023  and subsequent filings and reports filed with the AMF or SEC  or otherwise made public  by the Company.This press release and the information contained herein do not constitute an offer to sell or a solicitation of an offer to buy or subscribe to shares in Innate Pharma in any country.1 CR: complete remission; CRi: CR with incomplete hematological recoveryView source version on businesswire.com: https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20240616126553/en/",neutral,0.01,0.89,0.1,positive,0.78,0.2,0.01,True,English,"['Sanofi Developed Blood Cancer Phase', 'Innate Pharma Shares', 'IPH6101 Trial', 'Results', 'Trifunctional anti-CD123 NKp46xCD16 NK cell engager', 'Trifunctional anti-BCMA NKp46xCD16 NK cell engager', 'Antibody-based NK cell Engager Therapeutics', 'NKp46/CD16-based Natural Killer Cell Engager', 'B‑cell acute lymphoblastic leukemia', 'ANKET® multi-specific NK cell engagers', 'NKp46/CD16-based NK cell engager', 'next-generation, multi-specific natural killer', 'cutaneous T cell lymphomas', 'peripheral T cell lymphomas', 'FDA Fast Track Designation', 'innovative multi-specific antibody formats', 'refractory acute myeloid leukemia', 'lead proprietary program lacutamab', 'small cell lung cancer', 'global, clinical-stage biotechnology company', 'ANKET® platform lead asset', 'NK) cell engagers', 'Innate Pharma S.A.', 'ongoing Phase 1/2 study', 'European Hematology Association', 'high unmet needs', 'Dr Sonia Quaratino', 'Chief Medical Officer', 'maximum response rate', 'future scientific meetings', 'one additional target', 'commercial milestone payments', 'final target dose', 'joint research collaboration', 'various blood cancers', 'Innate-Sanofi research collaboration', 'innate immune system', 'Global Development Head', 'multiple tumor types', 'Innate Pharma SA', 'favorable safety profile', 'durable clinical efficacy', 'median treatment duration', 'NK cells', 'proprietary platform', 'Ongoing studies', '2016 research collaboration', 'innovative approach', 'Phase 2 stage', 'Phase 2 portion', 'significant milestone', 'clinical benefit', '11 dose levels', 'proprietary technology', 'tumor cells', 'safety results', 'The Company', 'durable responses', 'R/R AML', '5 complete remissions', 'Regulatory News', 'Euronext Paris', 'oral presentation', 'high-risk myelodysplasia', 'continued progress', '2 (1 – 10) prior lines', 'maintenance therapy', 'emerging results', 'Peter Adamson', 'purpose technology', 'synthetic immunity', 'licensing agreements', 'activating receptors', 'net sales', 'therapeutic antibodies', 'advanced form', 'trusted partner', 'biopharmaceutical companies', 'durable CR', 'license agreement', 'investigational CD123', 'great potential', 'new class', 'dose-escalation part', 'Fifty-nine patients', '5 AML patients', 'data cutoff', 'cancer patients', '2016 agreement', '2022 agreement', '3 patients', 'B-ALL', 'HR-MDS', 'IPH6101', '1 CRi', '1 mg', '>10 months', 'Nasdaq', 'IPHA', 'SAR', 'NKCE', '2024 Congress', 'Madrid', 'Spain', 'Sunday', 'June', '45 CEST', 'monotherapy', 'promising', '6mg', '7.9 weeks', 'doses', '6 mg', 'basis', 'selection', 'trial', 'Oncology', 'molecules', 'terms', 'manufacturing', 'commercialization', 'products', 'IPH6401', 'royalties', 'December', 'IPH62', 'IPH67', 'option', 'immunotherapies', 'portfolio', 'monalizumab', 'AstraZeneca']",2024-06-17,2024-06-18,marketscreener.com
42871,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.investing.com/news/press-releases/innate-pharma-shares-updated-results-from-the-sanofi-developed-blood-cancer-phase-12-sar443579iph6101-trial-93CH-3486128,Innate Pharma Shares Updated Results From the Sanofi Developed Blood Cancer Phase 1/2 SAR443579/IPH6101 Trial,Innate Pharma Shares Updated Results From the Sanofi Developed Blood Cancer Phase 1/2 SAR443579/IPH6101 Trial,"SAR443579/IPH6101  ANKET ® platform lead asset  is a first-in-class NKp46/CD16-based NK cell engager targeting CD123 from a joint research collaboration between Innate Pharma and Sanofi (NASDAQ: )  under development by Sanofi in R/R AML  B-ALL and HR-MDSSAR443579/IPH6101 continues to show clinical benefit and durable responses along with a favorable safety profile in patients with R/R AML  with 5 complete remissions (4 CR / 1 CRi) achieved at 1 mg/kg  with durable CR (>10 months) observed in 3 patientsMARSEILLE  France--(BUSINESS WIRE)--Regulatory News:Innate Pharma SA (OTC: ) (Euronext Paris: IPH; Nasdaq: IPHA) (Innate or the Company) announced today that updated efficacy and safety results from the dose-escalation part of the Phase 1/2 study with SAR443579/IPH6101 (SAR'579)  an investigational CD123 targeting NKp46/CD16-based Natural Killer Cell Engager (NKCE)  from a joint research collaboration between Innate Pharma and Sanofi and ANKET ® platform lead asset  were shared in an oral presentation at the European Hematology Association 2024 Congress in Madrid  Spain on Sunday  June 16 at 11:45 CEST.The study  led by Sanofi  tests SAR'579 as a monotherapy for the treatment of blood cancers with high unmet needs  including relapsed or refractory acute myeloid leukemia (R/R AML)  B‘cell acute lymphoblastic leukemia (B-ALL) and high-risk myelodysplasia (HR-MDS). SAR'579 has FDA Fast Track Designation for the treatment of acute myeloid leukemia.We are pleased to see that SAR'579 continues to show promising and durable clinical efficacy along with a favorable safety profile. The ongoing Phase 1/2 study has recently progressed to the Phase 2 stage  marking a significant milestone in its development. We look forward to the continued progress of this multi-specific NK Cell Engager which holds great potential to benefit patients suffering from various blood cancers  says Dr Sonia Quaratino  Chief Medical Officer of Innate Pharma.Fifty-nine patients (58 R/R AML and 1 HR-MDS) across 11 dose levels (0.01 “ 6mg/kg) were treated. Patients had received a median of 2 (1 “ 10) prior lines of treatment. A maximum response rate was observed at a final target dose of 1 mg/kg every week with 5 AML patients achieving a CR (4 CR/1 CRi)1. The median treatment duration was 7.9 weeks  with durable CR (>10 months) observed in 3 patients with 2 remaining on maintenance therapy as of the data cutoff. SAR'579 was well tolerated up to doses of 6 mg/kg every week. These data will form the basis for selection of recommended doses for development in the Phase 2 portion of the trial.We are excited about the emerging results from our development of SAR'579. Ongoing studies are focused on further demonstrating the potential of the NK cell engager in patients with leukemia. We look forward to sharing data from these trials at future scientific meetings  says Peter Adamson  Global Development Head  Oncology  Sanofi.About ANKET ®ANKET ® (Antibody-based NK cell Engager Therapeutics) is Innate's proprietary platform for developing next-generation  multi-specific natural killer (NK) cell engagers to treat certain types of cancer. This versatile  fit-for-purpose technology is creating an entirely new class of molecules to induce synthetic immunity against cancer.About the Innate-Sanofi research collaboration and licensing agreementsThe Company has a research collaboration and license agreement with Sanofi to apply Innate's proprietary technology to the development of innovative multi-specific antibody formats engaging NK cells through the activating receptors NKp46 and CD16 to kill tumor cells.Under the terms of the 2016 research collaboration and license agreement  Sanofi is responsible for the development  manufacturing and commercialization of products resulting from the research collaboration  which includes SAR443579/IPH6101 (Trifunctional anti-CD123 NKp46xCD16 NK cell engager) and SAR445514/IPH6401 (Trifunctional anti-BCMA NKp46xCD16 NK cell engager). As part of the 2016 agreement  Innate Pharma is eligible to up to €400m in development and commercial milestone payments as well as royalties on net sales.As part of the license agreement entered in December 2022  Sanofi licensed IPH62 and IPH67 and has the option for one additional target. Under the terms of the 2022 agreement  Innate Pharma is eligible to up to €1.35bn in development and commercial milestone payments as well as royalties on net sales.About Innate PharmaInnate Pharma S.A. is a global  clinical-stage biotechnology company developing immunotherapies for cancer patients. Its innovative approach aims to harness the innate immune system through therapeutic antibodies and its ANKET ® (Antibody-based NK cell Engager Therapeutics) proprietary platform.Innate's portfolio includes lead proprietary program lacutamab  developed in advanced form of cutaneous T cell lymphomas and peripheral T cell lymphomas  monalizumab developed with AstraZeneca (NASDAQ: ) in non-small cell lung cancer  as well as ANKET ® multi-specific NK cell engagers to address multiple tumor types.Innate Pharma is a trusted partner to biopharmaceutical companies such as Sanofi and AstraZeneca  as well as leading research institutions  to accelerate innovation  research and development for the benefit of patients.Headquartered in Marseille  France with a US office in Rockville  MD  Innate Pharma is listed on Euronext Paris and Nasdaq in the US.Learn more about Innate Pharma at www.innate-pharma.com and follow us on LinkedIn and X.Information about Innate Pharma sharesISIN code FR0010331421 Ticker code Euronext: IPH Nasdaq: IPHA LEI 9695002Y8420ZB8HJE29Disclaimer on forward-looking information and risk factorsThis press release contains certain forward-looking statements  including those within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. The use of certain words  including believe  potential  expect and will and similar expressions  is intended to identify forward-looking statements. Although the company believes its expectations are based on reasonable assumptions  these forward-looking statements are subject to numerous risks and uncertainties  which could cause actual results to differ materially from those anticipated. These risks and uncertainties include  among other things  the uncertainties inherent in research and development  including related to safety  progression of and results from its ongoing and planned clinical trials and preclinical studies  review and approvals by regulatory authorities of its product candidates  the Company's commercialization efforts and the Company's continued ability to raise capital to fund its development. For an additional discussion of risks and uncertainties which could cause the company's actual results  financial condition  performance or achievements to differ from those contained in the forward-looking statements  please refer to the Risk Factors (Facteurs de Risque"") section of the Universal Registration Document filed with the French Financial Markets Authority (AMF)  which is available on the AMF website http://www.amf-france.org or on Innate Pharma's website  and public filings and reports filed with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC)  including the Company's Annual Report on Form 20-F for the year ended December 31  2023  and subsequent filings and reports filed with the AMF or SEC  or otherwise made public  by the Company.This press release and the information contained herein do not constitute an offer to sell or a solicitation of an offer to buy or subscribe to shares in Innate Pharma in any country.1 CR: complete remission; CRi: CR with incomplete hematological recoveryView source version on businesswire.com: https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20240616126553/en/For additional information  please contact:InvestorsInnate PharmaHenry WheelerTel.: +33 (0)4 84 90 32 88Henry.wheeler@innate-pharma.frMedia RelationsNewCapArthur RouillÃ©Tel.: +33 (0)1 44 71 00 15innate@newcap.euSource: Innate Pharma SA",neutral,0.01,0.89,0.1,positive,0.86,0.13,0.01,True,English,"['Sanofi Developed Blood Cancer Phase', 'Innate Pharma Shares', 'IPH6101 Trial', 'Results', 'Trifunctional anti-CD123 NKp46xCD16 NK cell engager', 'Trifunctional anti-BCMA NKp46xCD16 NK cell engager', 'Antibody-based NK cell Engager Therapeutics', 'NKp46/CD16-based Natural Killer Cell Engager', 'B‘cell acute lymphoblastic leukemia', 'ANKET ® multi-specific NK cell engagers', 'NKp46/CD16-based NK cell engager', 'next-generation, multi-specific natural killer', 'cutaneous T cell lymphomas', 'peripheral T cell lymphomas', 'European Hematology Association 2024 Congress', 'FDA Fast Track Designation', 'innovative multi-specific antibody formats', 'refractory acute myeloid leukemia', 'lead proprietary program lacutamab', 'small cell lung cancer', 'global, clinical-stage biotechnology company', 'ANKET ® platform lead asset', 'NK) cell engagers', 'Innate Pharma S.A.', 'ongoing Phase 1/2 study', 'high unmet needs', 'Dr Sonia Quaratino', 'Chief Medical Officer', 'maximum response rate', 'future scientific meetings', 'one additional target', 'favorable safety profile', 'commercial milestone payments', 'final target dose', 'joint research collaboration', 'various blood cancers', 'Innate-Sanofi research collaboration', 'innate immune system', 'Global Development Head', 'multiple tumor types', 'Innate Pharma SA', 'durable clinical efficacy', 'median treatment duration', 'NK cells', 'proprietary platform', 'Ongoing studies', '2016 research collaboration', 'innovative approach', 'Phase 2 stage', 'Phase 2 portion', 'safety results', 'significant milestone', 'clinical benefit', '11 dose levels', 'proprietary technology', 'tumor cells', 'The Company', 'durable responses', 'R/R AML', '5 complete remissions', 'BUSINESS WIRE', 'Regulatory News', 'Euronext Paris', 'oral presentation', 'high-risk myelodysplasia', 'continued progress', '2 (1 “ 10) prior lines', 'maintenance therapy', 'emerging results', 'Peter Adamson', 'purpose technology', 'synthetic immunity', 'licensing agreements', 'activating receptors', 'net sales', 'therapeutic antibodies', 'advanced form', 'durable CR', 'license agreement', 'investigational CD123', 'great potential', 'new class', 'dose-escalation part', 'Fifty-nine patients', '5 AML patients', 'data cutoff', 'cancer patients', '2016 agreement', '2022 agreement', '3 patients', 'NASDAQ', 'B-ALL', 'HR-MDS', 'IPH6101', '1 CRi', '1 mg', '>10 months', 'MARSEILLE', 'France', 'OTC', 'IPHA', 'SAR', 'NKCE', 'Madrid', 'Spain', 'Sunday', 'June', 'CEST', 'monotherapy', 'promising', '7.9 weeks', 'doses', '6 mg', 'basis', 'selection', 'trial', 'Oncology', 'molecules', 'terms', 'manufacturing', 'commercialization', 'products', 'IPH6401', 'royalties', 'December', 'IPH62', 'IPH67', 'option', 'immunotherapies', 'portfolio', 'monalizumab', 'AstraZeneca']",2024-06-17,2024-06-18,investing.com
42872,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/QUADIENT-S-A-4674/news/Quadient-SA-Approval-of-all-resolutions-by-the-combined-Shareholders-meeting-of-14-June-2024-46987637/,Quadient SA - Approval of all resolutions by the combined Shareholders' meeting of 14 June 2024,(marketscreener.com) Approval of all resolutions by the combined Shareholders’ meeting of 14 June 2024 Paris  17 June 2024 Quadient is a French-based intelligent automation company with c.15% of its revenues in France and mainly exposed to North American  whe…,Approval of all resolutions by the combined Shareholders’ meeting of 14 June 2024Paris  17 June 2024Quadient (Euronext Paris: QDT) is a French-based intelligent automation company with c.15% of its revenues in France and mainly exposed to North American  where it generated 57% of its revenue during the fiscal year 2023. With three synergistic activities and a mainly subscription-based business model  the Company generates 70% of its sales in the form of recurring revenues. Following the conclusion of its Back to Growth strategy  announced in March 2024  Quadient will publish its new strategic plan on 19 June 2024. Full details are available on the Group's website: Capital Markets Day.The combined Annual General Meeting of Quadient was held on 14 June 2024  under the chairmanship of Mr. Didier Lamouche. All submitted resolutions were ratified  with an attendance rate of 74.19% (quorum for ordinary and extraordinary resolutions).The Annual General Meeting approved the renewal of the three-year terms of directorship of Hélène Boulet-Supau  Geoffrey Godet  Richard Troksa. Vincent Mercier’s directorship was renewed for an 18-month term  until 31 December 2025. The Annual General Meeting also approved the co-option and approved the renewal for a three-year term of Bpifrance Investissement  represented by Emmanuel Blot.Following the Annual General Meeting  at a meeting held on the same day  the Board of Directors reappointed Geoffrey Godet as Chief Executive Officer for the duration of his directorship and decided on the composition of the Board's committees.The composition of the Board of Directors and its committees is as follows:Didier Lamouche  director and Chairman of the Board of directors;Geoffrey Godet  director and Chief Executive Officer;Martha Bejar  director and chairwoman of the Appointments and remuneration committee;Hélène Boulet-Supau  director and chairwoman of the Audit committee;Richard Troksa  director and chairman of the Strategy & ESG committee;Bpifrance Investissement  represented by Emmanuel Blot  director and member of the Strategy & ESG committee;Éric Courteille  director and member of the Audit and Strategy & ESG committees;Paula Felstead  director and member of the Audit committee;Vincent Mercier  director and member of the Appointments and remuneration committee;Nathalie Wright  director and member of the Strategy & ESG and Appointments & remuneration Committees;Valérie Colin  employee representative director;Christophe Liaudon  employee representative director.The Annual General Meeting approved the resolutions concerning the remuneration for fiscal year 2023 and the remuneration policy for fiscal year 2024 for the Chairman of the Board of Directors  the Chief Executive Officer and all directors.The Annual General Meeting also approved the appointment of Ernst & Young et Autres and Mazars S.A. as Statutory Auditors in charge of certifying sustainability information.The Annual General Meeting also renewed all delegations of authority and financial authorizations granted to the Board of Directors. The Annual General Meeting also approved the payment of a cash dividend of 0.65 euro per share. The dividend will be paid in a single instalment on 7 August 2024.Consolidated voting results are available on the Quadient Investor Relations website (https://invest.quadient.com/en/annual-general-meetings).AgendaOn 23 September 2024  Quadient will publish its first half-year 2024 results.About Quadient®Quadient is the driving force behind the world’s most meaningful customer experiences. By focusing on three key solution areas  Intelligent Communication Automation  Parcel Locker Solutions and Mail-Related Solutions  Quadient helps simplify the connection between people and what matters. Quadient supports hundreds of thousands of customers worldwide in their quest to create relevant  personalized connections and achieve customer experience excellence. Quadient is listed in compartment B of Euronext Paris (QDT) and is part of the CAC® Mid & Small and EnterNext® Tech 40 indices. Quadient shares are eligible for PEA-PME investing.For more information about Quadient  visit https://invest.quadient.com/ContactsCatherine Hubert-Dorel  Quadient+33 (0)1 45 36 30 56c.hubert-dorel@quadient.comfinancial-communication@quadient.comCaroline Baude  Quadient+33 (0)1 45 36 31 82c.baude@quadient.com OPRG FinancialIsabelle Laurent / Fabrice Baron+33 (0)1 53 32 61 51 /+33 (0)1 53 32 61 27isabelle.laurent@oprgfinancial.frfabrice.baron@oprgfinancial.frAttachment,neutral,0.03,0.96,0.01,neutral,0.04,0.95,0.01,True,English,"['Quadient SA', ""Shareholders' meeting"", 'Approval', 'resolutions', 'combined', '14 June 2024', 'Hélène Boulet-Supau', 'three key solution areas', 'The Annual General Meeting', 'combined Annual General Meeting', 'French-based intelligent automation company', 'Quadient Investor Relations website', 'three synergistic activities', 'subscription-based business model', 'new strategic plan', 'Chief Executive Officer', 'Valérie Colin', 'Mazars S.A.', 'Consolidated voting results', 'first half-year 2024 results', 'meaningful customer experiences', 'Intelligent Communication Automation', 'relevant, personalized connections', 'customer experience excellence', 'EnterNext® Tech 40 indices', 'Capital Markets Day', 'Parcel Locker Solutions', 'Mr. Didier Lamouche', 'employee representative director', 'Shareholders’ meeting', 'same day', 'Mail-Related Solutions', 'North American', 'fiscal year', 'Full details', 'attendance rate', 'three-year terms', 'Geoffrey Godet', 'Richard Troksa', 'Vincent Mercier', '18-month term', 'Bpifrance Investissement', 'Emmanuel Blot.', 'Martha Bejar', 'Éric Courteille', 'Paula Felstead', 'Nathalie Wright', 'Christophe Liaudon', 'Statutory Auditors', 'financial authorizations', 'single instalment', 'driving force', 'compartment B', 'CAC® Mid', 'PEA-PME investing', 'OPRG Financial', 'remuneration committee', 'remuneration policy', 'ESG committee', 'Euronext Paris', 'Audit committee', 'recurring revenues', 'sustainability information', 'cash dividend', 'Catherine Hubert-Dorel', 'Caroline Baude', 'extraordinary resolutions', 'Quadient shares', 'Growth strategy', 'Isabelle Laurent', 'Fabrice Baron', 'committees', 'Quadient®', 'Approval', '14 June', '17 June', 'QDT', 'sales', 'conclusion', 'Back', 'March', '19 June', 'Group', 'chairmanship', 'quorum', 'renewal', 'directorship', '31 December', 'option', 'Board', 'duration', 'composition', 'chairwoman', 'Appointments', 'member', 'Young', 'Autres', 'charge', 'delegations', 'authority', 'payment', '0.65 euro', '7 August', 'annual-general-meetings', 'Agenda', '23 September', 'world', 'people', 'hundreds', 'thousands', 'customers', 'quest', 'Small', 'Contacts', 'oprgfinancial', 'Attachment', '74.']",2024-06-17,2024-06-18,marketscreener.com
42873,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/VASTNED-RETAIL-N-V-27316/news/Vastned-Retail-N-signing-of-merger-proposal-regulated-information-46987230/,Vastned Retail N : signing of merger proposal - regulated information,(marketscreener.com)   About the Vastned group:The Vastned group comprises a Dutch publicly listed property company and a Belgian public regulated real estate company . The Vastned group focuses on the best property in the popular shopping areas of selected…,"About the Vastned group:The Vastned group comprises a Dutch publicly listed property company (Euronext Amsterdam: VASTN) and a Belgian public regulated real estate company (Euronext Brussels: VASTB). The Vastned group focuses on the best property in the popular shopping areas of selected European cities with a historic city centre where shopping  living  working and leisure meet. The Vastned group's property clusters have a strong tenant mix of international and national retailers  food & beverage entrepreneurs  residential tenants  and office tenants.Legal NoticeThe information in this press release is not intended to be complete. This press release is for information purposes only and does not constitute an offer  or any solicitation of any offer or any invitation  to sell  buy or subscribe for any securities. Shareholders are urged to read the prospectus and other materials to be published by Vastned Retail and Vastned Belgium in connection with the Merger carefully when they become available because they will contain important information about the Vastned group and the Merger. This press release is not for release  publication or distribution  in whole or in part  in or into  directly or indirectly  any jurisdiction in which such release  publication or distribution would be unlawful. The distribution of this press release may  in some countries  be restricted by law or regulation. Accordingly  persons who come into possession of this document should inform themselves of and observe these restrictions. To the fullest extent permitted by applicable law  Vastned Retail and Vastned Belgium disclaim any responsibility or liability for the violation of any such restrictions by any person. Any failure to comply with these restrictions may constitute a violation of the securities laws of that jurisdiction. Neither Vastned Retail or Vastned Belgium  nor any of their advisors assumes any responsibility for any violation of any of these restrictions. Any shareholder of Vastned Retail or Vastned Belgium who is in any doubt as to his or her position should consult an appropriate professional advisor without delay.Certain statements in this press release may be considered forward-looking statements. These forward-looking statements may discuss goals  intentions and expectations as to future trends  plans  events  results of operations or financial condition  or state other information relating to the Vastned group  based on current beliefs of management as well as assumptions made by  and information currently available to  management. Forward-looking statements generally will be accompanied by words such as ""anticipate "" ""believe "" ""plan "" ""could "" ""estimate "" ""expect "" ""forecast "" ""guidance "" ""intend "" ""may "" ""possible "" ""potential "" ""predict "" ""project"" or other similar words  phrases or expressions. These forward-looking statements speak only as of the date of this press release. By their nature  forward-looking statements involve risks and uncertainties because they relate to events and depend on circumstances that may or may not occur in the future  and Vastned Retail and Vastned Belgium cannot guarantee the accuracy and completeness of forward-looking statements. A number of important factors  not all of which are known to Vastned Retail and Vastned Belgium or are within their control  could cause actual results or outcomes to differ materially from those expressed in any forward-looking statement. Potential risks and uncertainties include  but are not limited to  the occurrence of any change  event or development that could give rise to the termination of the merger protocol entered into in connection with the Merger  failure to satisfy completion conditions with respect to the Merger on the proposed terms and timeframe  the possibility that the Merger does not close when expected or at all  the response to the Merger in the marketplace  the effect of the announcement or completion of the Merger on the ability of the Vastned group to retain key personnel  the occurrence of any unforeseen tax liabilities or developments in tax regimes  the ability to achieve the anticipated benefits from the Merger  and the effect of general economic or political conditions. Vastned Retail and Vastned Belgium expressly disclaim any obligation or undertaking to publicly update or revise any forward-looking statements  whether as a result of new information  a change in expectations or for any other reason.",neutral,0.02,0.98,0.01,negative,0.01,0.28,0.71,True,English,"['Vastned Retail N', 'merger proposal', 'regulated information', 'signing', 'Belgian public regulated real estate company', 'historic city centre', 'strong tenant mix', 'appropriate professional advisor', 'unforeseen tax liabilities', 'popular shopping areas', 'The Vastned group', 'other similar words', 'property company', 'tax regimes', 'other materials', 'other reason', 'Vastned Retail', 'Vastned Belgium', 'Dutch publicly', 'Euronext Amsterdam', 'Euronext Brussels', 'best property', 'European cities', 'property clusters', 'national retailers', 'beverage entrepreneurs', 'residential tenants', 'office tenants', 'Legal Notice', 'fullest extent', 'financial condition', 'current beliefs', 'important factors', 'looking statement', 'key personnel', 'general economic', 'political conditions', 'other information', 'press release', 'information purposes', 'important information', 'new information', 'applicable law', 'securities laws', 'future trends', 'actual results', 'Potential risks', 'completion conditions', 'merger protocol', 'statements', 'VASTB', 'leisure', 'international', 'food', 'offer', 'solicitation', 'invitation', 'Shareholders', 'prospectus', 'connection', 'publication', 'distribution', 'part', 'jurisdiction', 'countries', 'regulation', 'persons', 'possession', 'document', 'restrictions', 'responsibility', 'liability', 'violation', 'failure', 'advisors', 'doubt', 'position', 'delay', 'goals', 'intentions', 'expectations', 'plans', 'events', 'operations', 'management', 'assumptions', 'forecast', 'guidance', 'project', 'phrases', 'expressions', 'date', 'nature', 'uncertainties', 'circumstances', 'accuracy', 'completeness', 'number', 'control', 'outcomes', 'forward', 'occurrence', 'change', 'development', 'rise', 'termination', 'respect', 'terms', 'timeframe', 'possibility', 'response', 'marketplace', 'effect', 'announcement', 'benefits', 'obligation', 'undertaking']",2024-06-17,2024-06-18,marketscreener.com
42874,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/VISIOMED-GROUP-SA-8235236/news/Visiomed-Smart-Salem-launches-new-services-and-anticipates-another-quarter-of-significant-growth-46982414/,Visiomed : Smart Salem launches new services and anticipates another quarter of significant growth,(marketscreener.com)   Visiomed Group's Smart Salem launches new services and anticipates another quarter of significant growth      17 Jun 2024 07:30 CEST    Subscribe     Issuer   VISIOMED GROUP       ...https://www.marketscreener…,"Visiomed Group's Smart Salem launches new services and anticipates another quarter of significant growthNew blood testing packages launched in MayLaunch of vaccinations and occupational health for beauticians58% revenue growth for the Wellness activity in May from AprilAdditional services to be launched in JuneParis  Dubai  June 17  2024VISIOMED GROUP (FR0013481835 - ALVMG)  a group dedicated to innovative healthcare technologies and services  shares key updates on the recent activities of its subsidiary Smart Salem for the months of May and June.Smart Salem launched a number of new services in May including new blood testing packages (of which female hormone testing) and new vaccination servicesThe company also successfully launched its first occupational health offer for beauticians and salon workers - these medical tests are mandatory for workers in certain sectors as per new regulation recently launched in 2024The wellness activity is seeing strong month-on-month growth with revenue growing by 58% in May in comparison to AprilAdditional new services will be launched in June including dietician consultations  gut health testing and Electrocardiogram (ECG) screeningFollowing the end of the month of June  Visiomed will release Smart Salem's key financials for the second quarter of the year  which are again excellent and in line with our expectations.***About VISIOMED GROUPFounded in 2007  VISIOMED GROUP relies on a long experience in the health sector to invest in innovative health technologies and services in France and abroad.The Group now has focused its activities on the Middle East since 2021 and the acquisition of Smart Salem  the first digital medical analysis centre accredited by the Dubai Health Authority (DHA) in the United Arab Emirates  100% owned by Visiomed Group.Visiomed is also accelerating its development in the region with the creation of Smart Health  a joint venture that will lead the deployment of the Group's innovative centres in Saudi Arabia.Based in Paris  Visiomed Group is listed on Euronext Growth (ALVMG). For more information  visit www.visiomed-group.comCONTACTSJérôme FABREGUETTES LEIB Fatou-Kiné N'DIAYE Investor Relations Financial Press Relations visiomed@actus.fr fndiaye@actus.fr Phone: +33 1 53 67 36 78 Phone: +33 1 53 67 36 75© Visiomed Group SA 2024. The brands mentioned are the property of their respective authors. Reproduction prohibited  even partial  without prior authorization.This publication embed "" Actusnews SECURITY MASTER "".- SECURITY MASTER Key: nWlvkp2YZ2ecnpxtaMmZbJWXZploxZTFZWqemWRwlJeWm3GWmptiasrKZnFnl25v- Check this key: https://www.security-master-key.com .Regulated information:Inside Information:- other releases Full and original press release in PDF: https://www.actusnews.com/news/86299-alvmg-cp-smartsalem-eng_vdef.pdf86299_FR0013481835.pdf",neutral,0.25,0.73,0.02,positive,0.99,0.01,0.0,True,English,"['Smart Salem', 'new services', 'significant growth', 'Visiomed', 'quarter', ""Jérôme FABREGUETTES LEIB Fatou-Kiné N'DIAYE Investor Relations Financial Press Relations"", 'first digital medical analysis centre', 'New blood testing packages', 'first occupational health offer', 'original press release', 'female hormone testing', 'gut health testing', 'United Arab Emirates', 'innovative healthcare technologies', 'innovative health technologies', 'new vaccination services', 'Dubai Health Authority', 'Additional new services', 'Actusnews SECURITY MASTER', 'SECURITY MASTER Key', 'Visiomed Group SA', 'medical tests', 'new regulation', 'health sector', 'Smart Health', 'innovative centres', 'Additional services', 'Smart Salem', 'significant growth', 'Wellness activity', 'dietician consultations', 'ECG) screening', 'long experience', 'Middle East', 'joint venture', 'Saudi Arabia', 'Euronext Growth', 'respective authors', 'prior authorization', 'other releases', 'The Group', 'key updates', 'key financials', 'Regulated information', 'Inside Information', '58% revenue growth', 'recent activities', 'salon workers', 'month growth', 'second quarter', 'May', 'Launch', 'vaccinations', 'beauticians', 'April', 'June', 'Paris', 'ALVMG', 'subsidiary', 'months', 'number', 'company', 'sectors', 'strong', 'Electrocardiogram', 'end', 'year', 'line', 'expectations', 'France', 'acquisition', 'DHA', 'development', 'region', 'creation', 'deployment', 'CONTACTS', 'fndiaye', 'Phone', 'brands', 'property', 'Reproduction', 'publication', 'nWlvkp2YZ2ecnpxtaMmZbJWXZploxZTFZWqemWRwlJeWm3GWmptiasrKZnFnl25v', 'Full', 'PDF', 'cp', 'smartsalem']",2024-06-17,2024-06-18,marketscreener.com
42875,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/BANIJAY-GROUP-N-V-140214435/news/FL-Entertainment-Weekly-share-transactions-46987554/,FL Entertainment: Weekly share transactions,(marketscreener.com) Press Release Paris – 17 June 2024 Share Transactions Disclosure Banijay Group N.V.1 declares the following transactions made on its own shares from 10 June to 14 June 2024 in accordance with the authorization given by the shareholder’s a…,Press ReleaseParis – 17 June 2024Share Transactions DisclosureBanijay Group N.V.1 (894500G73K46H93RF180) declares the following transactions made on its own shares (NL0015000X07) from 10 June to 14 June 2024 in accordance with the authorization given by the shareholder’s annual meeting on 23 May 2024.Trade Date Side Total Daily Volume (Number of Shares) Average Price Amount of Transactions Market Identification Code 2024-06-10 BUY 609 9.020936 5 493.75 XAMS 2024-06-10 SELL 34 9.150000 311.10 XAMS 2024-06-11 BUY 208 8.950000 1 861.60 XAMS 2024-06-12 BUY 145 8.900000 1 290.50 XAMS 2024-06-13 BUY 155 8.900000 1 379.50 XAMS 2024-06-14 BUY 120 8.850000 1 062.00 XAMSThe disclosure of all share transactions was made publicly available and can be consulted on the company’s website (https://group.banijay.com/liquidity-agreement/) under the section « Investors ».AgendaQ2 2024 results: 1 August 2024Investor RelationsCaroline Cohen – Phone: +33 1 44 95 23 34 – c.cohen@group.banijay.comPress Relationsbanijaygroup@brunswickgroup.comHugues Boëton – Phone: +33 6 79 99 27 15Nicolas Grange – Phone: +33 6 29 56 20 19About Banijay GroupBanijay Group is a global entertainment leader founded by Stéphane Courbit  a 30-year entrepreneur and entertainment industry pioneer. Our mission is to inspire passion by providing audiences with engaging and innovative entertainment experiences. The Group’s activities include content production & distribution (through Banijay Entertainment  the largest international independent producer distributor)  live experiences (through Banijay Live  a leading player in live experiences) and online sports betting & gaming (through Banijay Gaming  Europe’s fastest-growing online sports betting platform). In 2023  Banijay Group recorded revenue and Adjusted EBITDA of €4 318m and €737m respectively.Banijay Group is listed on Euronext Amsterdam (ISIN: NL0015000X07  Bloomberg: BNJ:NA  Reuters: BNJ.AS).1 Previously known as FL Entertainment N.V. until 24 May 2024Attachment,neutral,0.03,0.97,0.01,neutral,0.04,0.95,0.01,True,English,"['FL Entertainment', 'transactions', 'Trade Date Side Total Daily Volume', 'largest international independent producer distributor', 'growing online sports betting platform', 'FL Entertainment N.V.', 'Transactions Market Identification Code', 'Banijay Group N.V', 'Average Price Amount', 'Hugues Boëton', 'global entertainment leader', 'Stéphane Courbit', 'entertainment industry pioneer', 'innovative entertainment experiences', 'Share Transactions Disclosure', 'Banijay Entertainment', 'following transactions', 'live experiences', 'The Group', 'Press Release', 'annual meeting', 'Q2 2024 results', 'Investor Relations', 'Press Relations', 'Nicolas Grange', '30-year entrepreneur', 'content production', 'Banijay Live', 'leading player', 'Euronext Amsterdam', 'Caroline Cohen', 'Banijay Gaming', 'BNJ.AS', 'Paris', '17 June', '94500G73K46H93RF180', 'shares', '10 June', '14 June', 'accordance', 'authorization', 'shareholder', '23 May', 'Number', 'BUY', 'XAMS', 'SELL', 'company', 'website', 'liquidity-agreement', 'section', 'Investors', 'Agenda', '1 August', 'Phone', 'banijaygroup', 'brunswickgroup', 'mission', 'passion', 'audiences', 'engaging', 'activities', 'distribution', 'Europe', 'revenue', 'Adjusted', 'EBITDA', 'ISIN', 'Bloomberg', 'Reuters', '24 May', 'Attachment']",2024-06-17,2024-06-18,marketscreener.com
42876,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/GENFIT-16311755/news/GENFIT-New-EASL-EASD-EASO-Clinical-Practice-Guidelines-for-MASLD-Include-NIS2-as-Key-Tool-for-De-46988214/,GENFIT: New EASL-EASD-EASO Clinical Practice Guidelines for MASLD Include NIS2+® as Key Tool for Detecting At-Risk MASH,(marketscreener.com) Lille   Cambridge   Zurich   June 17  2024 - GENFIT   a late-stage biopharmaceutical company dedicated to improving the lives of patients with rare and life-threatening liver diseases  today announced the inclusion of NIS2+® as a key tool…,"Lille (France)  Cambridge (Massachusetts  United States)  Zurich (Switzerland)  June 17  2024 - GENFIT (Nasdaq and Euronext: GNFT)  a late-stage biopharmaceutical company dedicated to improving the lives of patients with rare and life-threatening liver diseases  today announced the inclusion of NIS2+® as a key tool for detecting at-risk MASH1 in the European Clinical Practice Guidelines on the management of metabolic dysfunction-associated steatotic liver disease (MASLD).The guidelines were developed as a joint effort by the European Association for the Study of the Liver (EASL)  the European Association for the Study of Diabetes (EASD)  and the European Association for the Study of Obesity (EASO)  and provide healthcare providers an update on prevention  screening  diagnosis  follow-up and treatment for MASLD. The new guidelines were presented during the EASL congress 2024  and were released in the Journal of Hepatology2.“The inclusion of NIS2+® in the EASL-EASD-EASO clinical guidelines is a major scientific recognition based on solid evidence that NIS2+® could play an important role in identifying patients that may benefit from emerging treatments for MASH ” commented Dean Hum  Chief Scientific Officer at GENFIT. “Additionally  GENFIT’s diagnostic technology featured as a monitoring treatment response in a Phase 2 study on tirzepatide’s safety and efficacy for MASH  and was recently presented during the Late Breaking session at EASL and jointly published in the New England Journal of Medicine3 ” he added.In the new guidelines  NIS2+® is included for the first time as a non-invasive tool to detect at-risk MASH  and is the only blood-based panel mentioned for this condition. With the recent U.S Food and Drug Administration approval of resmetirom in the US  and given that liver biopsy will be used sparingly in routine clinical practice due to its invasiveness and procedure-related limitations  alternative non-invasive panels with high predictive value validated for the detection of at-risk MASH such as NIS2+®  could play an important role in selecting individuals able to benefit from pharmacotherapy.The new Clinical Practice Guidelines on the management of MASLD can be found at: https://www.journal-of-hepatology.eu/article/S0168-8278(24)00329-5/fulltextABOUT MASHMASH is a liver disease characterized by an accumulation of fat (lipid droplets)  along with inflammation and degeneration of hepatocytes. The disease is associated with an increased risk of cardiovascular disease along with long-term risk for progression to cirrhosis  leading to liver insufficiency and potential progression to liver cancer. MASH is a serious disease that often carries no symptoms in its early stages  but if left untreated can result in cirrhosis  cancer  and the need for liver transplant. The prevalence of MASH is rapidly increasing as a result of the growing obesity and diabetes epidemics and is believed to affect as much as 12 percent of people in the U.S. and six percent worldwide.ABOUT NIS2+®NIS2+® is a blood-based diagnostic technology specifically designed to detect at-risk MASH among patients with metabolic risk factors based on an independent 2-biomarker panel. It is an optimization of the NIS4® technology and was developed and validated by GENFIT as a robust technology across characteristics of interest such as type-2 diabetes  age and sex  allowing large-scale implementation in clinical practice. GENFIT continues to explore the possibility of obtaining regulatory approval and CE Certificates of Conformity  for the widespread use of an IVD test powered by NIS2+® technology in both the United States and Europe.ABOUT GENFITGENFIT is a late-stage biopharmaceutical company committed to improving the lives of patients with rare  life-threatening liver diseases whose medical needs remain largely unmet. GENFIT is a pioneer in liver disease research and development with a rich history and a solid scientific heritage spanning more than two decades. Today  GENFIT has built up a diversified and rapidly expanding R&D portfolio of programs at various stages of development. The Company focuses on Acute-on-Chronic Liver Failure (ACLF). Its ACLF franchise includes five assets under development: VS-01  NTZ  SRT-015  CLM-022 and VS-02-HE  based on complementary mechanisms of action using different routes of administration. Other assets target other serious diseases  such as cholangiocarcinoma (CCA)  urea cycle disorder (UCD) and organic acidemia (OA). GENFIT's expertise in the development of high-potential molecules from early to advanced stages  and in pre-commercialization  was demonstrated in the FDA’s accelerated approval of Iqirvo® (elafibranor4) for Primary Biliary Cholangitis (PBC). Beyond therapies  GENFIT also has a diagnostic franchise including NIS2+® in Metabolic dysfunction-associated steatohepatitis (MASH  formerly known as NASH for non-alcoholic steatohepatitis) and TS-01 focusing on blood ammonia levels. GENFIT is headquartered in Lille  France and has offices in Paris (France)  Zurich (Switzerland) and Cambridge  MA (USA). The Company is listed on the Nasdaq Global Select Market and on the Euronext regulated market in Paris  Compartment B (Nasdaq and Euronext: GNFT). In 2021  Ipsen became one of GENFIT's largest shareholders  acquiring an 8% stake in the Company's capital. www.genfit.comFORWARD LOOKING STATEMENTSThis press release contains certain forward-looking statements  including those within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995 with respect to GENFIT  including  but not limited to statements about the potential for NIS2+® to play an important role in identifying patients that may benefit from emerging treatments for MASH. The use of certain words  such as ""believe""  ""potential""  ""expect""  “target”  “may”  “will”  ""should""  ""could""  ""if"" and similar expressions  is intended to identify forward-looking statements. Although the Company believes its expectations are based on the current expectations and reasonable assumptions of the Company’s management  these forward-looking statements are subject to numerous known and unknown risks and uncertainties  which could cause actual results to differ materially from those expressed in  or implied or projected by  the forward-looking statements. These risks and uncertainties include  among others  the uncertainties inherent in research and development  including in relation to safety of drug candidates  cost of  progression of  and results from  our ongoing and planned clinical trials  review and approvals by regulatory authorities in the United States  Europe and worldwide  of our drug and diagnostic candidates  potential commercial success of elafibranor if approved  exchange rate fluctuations  and our continued ability to raise capital to fund our development  as well as those risks and uncertainties discussed or identified in the Company’s public filings with the AMF  including those listed in Chapter 2 ""Risk Factors and Internal Control"" of the Company's 2023 Universal Registration Document filed on April 5  2024 (no. D.24-0246) with the Autorité des marchés financiers (""AMF"")  which is available on GENFIT's website (www.genfit.fr) and the AMF's website (www.amf.org)  and those discussed in the public documents and reports filed with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (""SEC"")  including the Company’s 2023 Annual Report on Form 20-F filed with the SEC on April 5  2024 and subsequent filings and reports filed with the AMF or SEC or otherwise made public  by the Company. In addition  even if the results  performance  financial position and liquidity of the Company and the development of the industry in which it operates are consistent with such forward-looking statements  they may not be predictive of results or developments in future periods. These forward-looking statements speak only as of the date of publication of this document. Other than as required by applicable law  the Company does not undertake any obligation to update or revise any forward-looking information or statements  whether as a result of new information  future events or otherwise.CONTACTGENFIT | InvestorsTel: +33 3 2016 4000 | investors@genfit.comGENFIT | MediaStephanie Boyer – Press relations | Tel: +333 2016 4000 | stephanie.boyer@genfit.comGENFIT | 885 Avenue Eugène Avinée  59120 Loos - FRANCE | +333 2016 4000 | www.genfit.com1 Metabolic dysfunction-associated steatohepatitis2 DOI: https://doi.org/10.1016/j.jhep.2024.04.0313 DOI: https://doi.org/10.1056/NEJMoa24019434 Elafibranor will be marketed and commercialized by Ipsen under the trademark Iqirvo and may be prescribed immediately in the U.S. for eligible patients.Attachment",neutral,0.01,0.97,0.02,negative,0.01,0.38,0.61,True,English,"['New EASL-EASD-EASO Clinical Practice Guidelines', 'Key Tool', 'GENFIT', 'MASLD', 'NIS2+®', 'Risk', 'MASH', 'metabolic dysfunction-associated steatotic liver disease', 'expanding R&D portfolio', 'recent U.S Food', 'rare, life-threatening liver diseases', 'new Clinical Practice Guidelines', 'European Clinical Practice Guidelines', 'Metabolic dysfunction-associated steatohepatitis', 'routine clinical practice', 'major scientific recognition', 'Chief Scientific Officer', 'Late Breaking session', 'alternative non-invasive panels', 'high predictive value', 'urea cycle disorder', 'Primary Biliary Cholangitis', 'blood ammonia levels', 'EASL-EASD-EASO clinical guidelines', 'metabolic risk factors', 'Chronic Liver Failure', 'independent 2-biomarker panel', 'solid scientific heritage', 'late-stage biopharmaceutical company', 'other serious diseases', 'liver disease research', 'monitoring treatment response', 'New England Journal', 'blood-based diagnostic technology', 'Drug Administration approval', 'U.S.', 'new guidelines', 'blood-based panel', 'liver biopsy', 'liver insufficiency', 'liver transplant', 'European Association', 'solid evidence', 'cardiovascular disease', 'Other assets', 'alcoholic steatohepatitis', 'diagnostic franchise', 'NIS4® technology', 'robust technology', 'liver cancer', 'United States', 'key tool', 'joint effort', 'healthcare providers', 'important role', 'emerging treatments', 'Dean Hum', 'first time', 'procedure-related limitations', 'lipid droplets', 'increased risk', 'long-term risk', 'early stages', 'large-scale implementation', 'regulatory approval', 'CE Certificates', 'widespread use', 'IVD test', 'medical needs', 'rich history', 'two decades', 'various stages', 'five assets', 'complementary mechanisms', 'different routes', 'organic acidemia', 'high-potential molecules', 'early to', 'advanced stages', 'diabetes epidemics', 'type-2 diabetes', 'potential progression', 'growing obesity', 'six percent', 'ACLF franchise', 'EASL congress', 'NIS2+® technology', 'risk MASH', 'Phase 2 study', '12 percent', 'Lille', 'France', 'Cambridge', 'Massachusetts', 'Zurich', 'Switzerland', 'GENFIT', 'Nasdaq', 'Euronext', 'GNFT', 'lives', 'patients', 'inclusion', 'MASH1', 'management', 'MASLD', 'update', 'prevention', 'screening', 'diagnosis', 'follow-up', 'Hepatology', 'tirzepatide', 'safety', 'efficacy', 'Medicine', 'condition', 'resmetirom', 'invasiveness', 'detection', 'individuals', 'pharmacotherapy', 'article', 'fulltext', 'accumulation', 'fat', 'inflammation', 'degeneration', 'hepatocytes', 'cirrhosis', 'symptoms', 'prevalence', 'result', 'people', 'optimization', 'characteristics', 'interest', 'sex', 'possibility', 'Conformity', 'pioneer', 'development', 'diversified', 'programs', 'VS-01', 'NTZ', 'SRT', 'CLM', 'action', 'cholangiocarcinoma', 'CCA', 'UCD', 'OA', 'expertise', 'pre-commercialization', 'FDA', 'Iqirvo®', 'elafibranor', 'PBC', 'therapies', 'NASH', 'TS-01', 'offices', 'Paris', 'USA']",2024-06-17,2024-06-18,marketscreener.com
42877,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.investing.com/news/press-releases/proposed-simplified-tender-offer-by-tcc-on-nhoa-93CH-3487397,Proposed Simplified Tender Offer by TCC on NHOA By Investing.com,Proposed Simplified Tender Offer by TCC on NHOA,NHOA's Board of Directors appoints Ledouble as independent expertPARIS--(BUSINESS WIRE)--Regulatory News:NHOA S.A. (EURONEXT PARIS: NHOA.PA) (NHOA or the Company) announces that its Board of Directors has  on the recommendation of its ad hoc committee  appointed Ledouble  represented by Mr. Olivier CrettÃ© and Ms. StÃ©phanie Guillaumin  partners  as independent expert. This appointment was made pursuant to Article 261-1  I-1 ° and II of the General Regulations of the French AutoritÃ© des MarchÃ©s Financiers (the AMF).NHOA's Board of Directors had previously designated its independent members  namely Ms. Chen Ming Chang  Mr. Romualdo Cirillo  Mr. Luigi Michi  Ms. Cynthia A. Utterback and Ms. Veronica Vecchi  as members of an ad hoc committee pursuant to article 261-1 III of the AMF's General Regulations. The ad hoc committee will monitor the works of the independent expert in accordance with applicable regulations.This follows the announcement  on June 13  2024  of the intention of TCC Group Holdings Co.  Ltd (TCC)  NHOA's indirect majority shareholder through Taiwan Cement Europe Holdings B.V. (TCEH)  to file a simplified tender offer for NHOA's shares (the Tender Offer)  to be followed by a squeeze-out if the legal conditions are met (the Squeeze-out).Ledouble will draw up a fairness opinion (attestation d'Ã©quitÃ©) on the proposed Tender Offer  as well as on the Squeeze-out  in accordance with article 262-1 of the General Regulations of the AMF. Once the proposed Tender Offer is filed with the AMF by TCEH  the Company's Board of Directors will meet in due course  after reviewing the independent expert's report and the recommendation of the ad hoc committee  to issue a reasoned opinion on the contemplated Tender Offer. This reasoned opinion and the independent expert's report will be included in the draft response document to be filed with the AMF.Contact of the independent expertCabinet Ledouble8  rue HalÃ©vy 75009 ParisMr. Olivier CrettÃ©: ocrette@ledouble.frMs. StÃ©phanie Guillaumin: sguillaumin@ledouble.frDisclaimerThis press release has been prepared for information purposes only. It does not constitute an offer to purchase or a solicitation to sell NHOA shares in any country  including France. There is no certainty that the simplified tender offer mentioned above will be filed or opened. Under French law  the offer can only be made in accordance with the offer documentation  which must contain the full terms and conditions of the offer. The offer documentation must be submitted to the AMF for review  and the offer may not be opened until the AMF has issued a clearance decision (dÃ©claration de conformitÃ©). Any decision relating to the offer must be based exclusively on the information contained in the offer documentation.The dissemination  publication or distribution of this press release may be subject to specific regulations or restrictions in certain countries. The offer will not be addressed to persons subject to such restrictions  either directly or indirectly  and will not be accepted from any country where the offer would be subject to such restrictions. Accordingly  persons in possession of this press release are required to inform themselves about and to comply with any local restrictions that may apply. The Company declines all responsibility for any breach of these restrictions by any person whatsoever.NHOA GroupNHOA S.A. (formerly Engie EPS)  global player in energy storage  e-mobility and EV fast and ultra-fast charging network  develops technologies enabling the transition towards clean energy and sustainable mobility  shaping the future of a next generation living in harmony with our planet.Listed on Euronext Paris regulated market (NHOA.PA)  NHOA Group forms part of the ® Mid & Small and CAC ® All-Tradable financial indices.NHOA Group  with offices in France  Spain  Portugal  United Kingdom  United States  Taiwan and Australia  maintains entirely in Italy research  development and production of its technologies.For further information  go to www.nhoagroup.comFollow us on LinkedInFollow us on InstagramForward looking statementThis release may contain forward-looking statements. These statements are not undertakings as to the future performance of NHOA. Although NHOA considers that such statements are based on reasonable expectations and assumptions at the date of publication of this release  they are by their nature subject to risks and uncertainties which could cause actual performance to differ from those indicated or implied in such statements. These risks and uncertainties include without limitation those explained or identified in the public documents filed by NHOA with the French Financial Markets Authority (AMF)  including those listed in the Risk Factors section of the NHOA 2023 Universal Registration Document  filed with the AMF on April 12  2024 (under number D.24-0279). Investors and NHOA shareholders should note that if some or all of these risks are realized they may have a significant unfavorable impact on NHOA.These forward looking statements can be identified by the use of forward looking terminology  including the verbs or terms anticipates  believes  estimates  expects  intends  may  plans  build- up  under discussion or potential customer  should or will  projects  backlog or pipeline or  in each case  their negative or other variations or comparable terminology  or by discussions of strategy  plans  objectives  goals  future events or intentions. These forward looking statements include all matters that are not historical facts and that are to different degrees  uncertain  such as statements about the impacts of the war in Ukraine and the current economic situation pandemic on NHOA's business operations  financial results and financial position and on the world economy. They appear throughout this announcement and include  but are not limited to  statements regarding NHOA's intentions  beliefs or current expectations concerning  among other things  NHOA's results of business development  operations  financial position  prospects  financing strategies  expectations for product design and development  regulatory applications and approvals  reimbursement arrangements  costs of sales and market penetration. Important factors that could affect performance and cause results to differ materially from management's expectations or could affect NHOA's ability to achieve its strategic goals  include the uncertainties relating to the impact of war in Ukraine and the current economic situation on NHOA's business  operations and employees. In addition  even if the NHOA's results of operations  financial position and growth  and the development of the markets and the industry in which NHOA operates  are consistent with the forward-looking statements contained in this announcement  those results or developments may not be indicative of results or developments in subsequent periods. The forward-looking statements herein speak only at the date of this announcement. NHOA does not have the obligation and undertakes no obligation to update or revise any of the forward-looking statements.View source version on businesswire.com: https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20240617361040/en/Press Office: Claudia Caracausi and Davide Bruzzese  Image Building  +39 02 89011300  nhoa@imagebuilding.itFinancial Communication and Institutional Relations: Chiara Cerri  +39 337 1484534  ir@nhoagroup.comSource: NHOA,neutral,0.03,0.97,0.0,negative,0.01,0.24,0.75,True,English,"['Simplified Tender Offer', 'TCC', 'NHOA', 'Investing', 'com', 'Taiwan Cement Europe Holdings B.V.', 'French AutoritÃ© des MarchÃ©s Financiers', 'CAC ® All-Tradable financial indices', 'French Financial Markets Authority', 'Ms. StÃ©phanie Guillaumin', 'Ms. Chen Ming Chang', 'Ms. Cynthia A. Utterback', 'TCC Group Holdings Co.', 'NHOA 2023 Universal Registration Document', 'Euronext Paris regulated market', 'independent expert Cabinet Ledouble', 'Ms. Veronica Vecchi', 'draft response document', 'ad hoc committee', 'Mr. Olivier CrettÃ©', 'Mr. Romualdo Cirillo', 'Mr. Luigi Michi', 'indirect majority shareholder', 'rue HalÃ©vy', 'ultra-fast charging network', 'Forward looking statement', 'Risk Factors section', 'significant unfavorable impact', 'NHOA S.A.', 'simplified tender offer', 'French law', 'NHOA Group', 'BUSINESS WIRE', 'Regulatory News', 'General Regulations', 'applicable regulations', 'fairness opinion', 'due course', 'reasoned opinion', 'full terms', 'dÃ©claration', 'specific regulations', 'Engie EPS', 'global player', 'energy storage', 'EV fast', 'clean energy', 'next generation', 'United Kingdom', 'United States', 'reasonable expectations', 'actual performance', 'public documents', 'independent members', 'offer documentation', 'NHOA shareholders', 'press release', 'forward-looking statements', 'legal conditions', 'clearance decision', 'sustainable mobility', 'future performance', 'information purposes', 'The Company', 'local restrictions', 'NHOA shares', 'NHOA.', 'Board', 'Directors', 'recommendation', 'partners', 'appointment', 'Article 261', 'AMF', 'works', 'accordance', 'announcement', 'June', 'intention', 'Ltd', 'TCEH', 'squeeze', 'attestation', 'quitÃ', 'report', 'Contact', 'ocrette', 'sguillaumin', 'Disclaimer', 'solicitation', 'country', 'France', 'certainty', 'review', 'conformitÃ©', 'dissemination', 'publication', 'distribution', 'countries', 'persons', 'possession', 'responsibility', 'breach', 'technologies', 'transition', 'harmony', 'planet', 'Mid', 'Small', 'offices', 'Spain', 'Portugal', 'Australia', 'Italy', 'research', 'development', 'production', 'nhoagroup', 'LinkedIn', 'Instagram', 'undertakings', 'assumptions', 'date', 'nature', 'risks', 'uncertainties', 'limitation', 'April', 'number', 'Investors']",2024-06-17,2024-06-18,investing.com
42878,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/NHOA-21479583/news/Proposed-Simplified-Tender-Offer-by-TCC-on-NHOA-46987859/,Proposed Simplified Tender Offer by TCC on NHOA,(marketscreener.com) NHOA’s Board of Directors appoints Ledouble as independent experthttps://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/NHOA-21479583/news/Proposed-Simplified-Tender-Offer-by-TCC-on-NHOA-46987859/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20240617,NHOA’s Board of Directors appoints Ledouble as independent expertRegulatory News:NHOA S.A. (EURONEXT PARIS: NHOA.PA) (“NHOA” or the “Company”) announces that its Board of Directors has  on the recommendation of its ad hoc committee  appointed Ledouble  represented by Mr. Olivier Cretté and Ms. Stéphanie Guillaumin  partners  as independent expert. This appointment was made pursuant to Article 261-1  I-1° and II of the General Regulations of the French Autorité des Marchés Financiers (the “AMF”).NHOA’s Board of Directors had previously designated its independent members  namely Ms. Chen Ming Chang  Mr. Romualdo Cirillo  Mr. Luigi Michi  Ms. Cynthia A. Utterback and Ms. Veronica Vecchi  as members of an ad hoc committee pursuant to article 261-1 III of the AMF’s General Regulations. The ad hoc committee will monitor the works of the independent expert in accordance with applicable regulations.This follows the announcement  on June 13  2024  of the intention of TCC Group Holdings Co.  Ltd (“TCC”)  NHOA’s indirect majority shareholder through Taiwan Cement Europe Holdings B.V. (“TCEH”)  to file a simplified tender offer for NHOA’s shares (the “Tender Offer”)  to be followed by a squeeze-out if the legal conditions are met (the “Squeeze-out”).Ledouble will draw up a fairness opinion (attestation d’équité) on the proposed Tender Offer  as well as on the Squeeze-out  in accordance with article 262-1 of the General Regulations of the AMF. Once the proposed Tender Offer is filed with the AMF by TCEH  the Company’s Board of Directors will meet in due course  after reviewing the independent expert’s report and the recommendation of the ad hoc committee  to issue a reasoned opinion on the contemplated Tender Offer. This reasoned opinion and the independent expert’s report will be included in the draft response document to be filed with the AMF.Contact of the independent expertCabinet Ledouble8  rue Halévy 75009 ParisMr. Olivier Cretté: ocrette@ledouble.frMs. Stéphanie Guillaumin: sguillaumin@ledouble.frDisclaimerThis press release has been prepared for information purposes only. It does not constitute an offer to purchase or a solicitation to sell NHOA shares in any country  including France. There is no certainty that the simplified tender offer mentioned above will be filed or opened. Under French law  the offer can only be made in accordance with the offer documentation  which must contain the full terms and conditions of the offer. The offer documentation must be submitted to the AMF for review  and the offer may not be opened until the AMF has issued a clearance decision (déclaration de conformité). Any decision relating to the offer must be based exclusively on the information contained in the offer documentation.The dissemination  publication or distribution of this press release may be subject to specific regulations or restrictions in certain countries. The offer will not be addressed to persons subject to such restrictions  either directly or indirectly  and will not be accepted from any country where the offer would be subject to such restrictions. Accordingly  persons in possession of this press release are required to inform themselves about and to comply with any local restrictions that may apply. The Company declines all responsibility for any breach of these restrictions by any person whatsoever.NHOA GroupNHOA S.A. (formerly Engie EPS)  global player in energy storage  e-mobility and EV fast and ultra-fast charging network  develops technologies enabling the transition towards clean energy and sustainable mobility  shaping the future of a next generation living in harmony with our planet.Listed on Euronext Paris regulated market (NHOA.PA)  NHOA Group forms part of the CAC® Mid & Small and CAC® All-Tradable financial indices.NHOA Group  with offices in France  Spain  Portugal  United Kingdom  United States  Taiwan and Australia  maintains entirely in Italy research  development and production of its technologies.For further information  go towww.nhoagroup.comFollow us on LinkedInFollow us on InstagramForward looking statementThis release may contain forward-looking statements. These statements are not undertakings as to the future performance of NHOA. Although NHOA considers that such statements are based on reasonable expectations and assumptions at the date of publication of this release  they are by their nature subject to risks and uncertainties which could cause actual performance to differ from those indicated or implied in such statements. These risks and uncertainties include without limitation those explained or identified in the public documents filed by NHOA with the French Financial Markets Authority (AMF)  including those listed in the “Risk Factors” section of the NHOA 2023 Universal Registration Document  filed with the AMF on April 12  2024 (under number D.24-0279). Investors and NHOA shareholders should note that if some or all of these risks are realized they may have a significant unfavorable impact on NHOA.These forward looking statements can be identified by the use of forward looking terminology  including the verbs or terms “anticipates”  “believes”  “estimates”  “expects”  “intends”  “may”  “plans”  “build- up”  “under discussion” or “potential customer”  “should” or “will”  “projects”  “backlog” or “pipeline” or  in each case  their negative or other variations or comparable terminology  or by discussions of strategy  plans  objectives  goals  future events or intentions. These forward looking statements include all matters that are not historical facts and that are to different degrees  uncertain  such as statements about the impacts of the war in Ukraine and the current economic situation pandemic on NHOA’s business operations  financial results and financial position and on the world economy. They appear throughout this announcement and include  but are not limited to  statements regarding NHOA’s intentions  beliefs or current expectations concerning  among other things  NHOA’s results of business development  operations  financial position  prospects  financing strategies  expectations for product design and development  regulatory applications and approvals  reimbursement arrangements  costs of sales and market penetration. Important factors that could affect performance and cause results to differ materially from management’s expectations or could affect NHOA’s ability to achieve its strategic goals  include the uncertainties relating to the impact of war in Ukraine and the current economic situation on NHOA’s business  operations and employees. In addition  even if the NHOA’s results of operations  financial position and growth  and the development of the markets and the industry in which NHOA operates  are consistent with the forward-looking statements contained in this announcement  those results or developments may not be indicative of results or developments in subsequent periods. The forward-looking statements herein speak only at the date of this announcement. NHOA does not have the obligation and undertakes no obligation to update or revise any of the forward-looking statements.View source version on businesswire.com: https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20240617361040/en/,neutral,0.03,0.97,0.0,negative,0.01,0.28,0.71,True,English,"['Simplified Tender Offer', 'TCC', 'NHOA', 'Taiwan Cement Europe Holdings B.V.', 'French Autorité des Marchés Financiers', 'French Financial Markets Authority', 'Ms. Stéphanie Guillaumin', 'Ms. Chen Ming Chang', 'Ms. Cynthia A. Utterback', 'CAC® All-Tradable financial indices', 'TCC Group Holdings Co.', 'Euronext Paris regulated market', 'NHOA 2023 Universal Registration Document', 'independent expert Cabinet Ledouble', 'Ms. Veronica Vecchi', 'draft response document', 'ad hoc committee', 'Mr. Olivier Cretté', 'Mr. Romualdo Cirillo', 'Mr. Luigi Michi', 'indirect majority shareholder', 'rue Halévy', 'déclaration de', 'ultra-fast charging network', 'Risk Factors” section', 'significant unfavorable impact', 'NHOA S.A.', 'simplified tender offer', 'forward looking statements', 'French law', 'CAC® Mid', 'NHOA Group', 'Regulatory News', 'General Regulations', 'applicable regulations', 'fairness opinion', 'due course', 'reasoned opinion', 'full terms', 'specific regulations', 'Engie EPS', 'global player', 'energy storage', 'EV fast', 'clean energy', 'next generation', 'United Kingdom', 'United States', 'reasonable expectations', 'actual performance', 'public documents', 'independent members', 'offer documentation', 'NHOA shareholders', 'press release', 'forward-looking statements', 'legal conditions', 'clearance decision', 'sustainable mobility', 'future performance', 'information purposes', 'The Company', 'local restrictions', 'NHOA shares', 'NHOA.', 'Board', 'Directors', 'recommendation', 'partners', 'appointment', 'Article 261', 'II', 'AMF', 'works', 'accordance', 'announcement', 'June', 'intention', 'Ltd', 'TCEH', 'squeeze', 'attestation', 'équité', 'report', 'Contact', 'ocrette', 'sguillaumin', 'Disclaimer', 'solicitation', 'country', 'France', 'certainty', 'review', 'conformité', 'dissemination', 'publication', 'distribution', 'countries', 'persons', 'possession', 'responsibility', 'breach', 'technologies', 'transition', 'harmony', 'planet', 'Small', 'offices', 'Spain', 'Portugal', 'Australia', 'Italy', 'research', 'development', 'production', 'nhoagroup', 'LinkedIn', 'Instagram', 'undertakings', 'assumptions', 'date', 'nature', 'risks', 'uncertainties', 'limitation', 'April', 'number', 'Investors']",2024-06-17,2024-06-18,marketscreener.com
42879,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/CLASQUIN-32716/news/Clasquin-Board-of-Directors-Appoints-Accuracy-as-Independent-Expert-46986974/,Clasquin Board of Directors Appoints Accuracy as Independent Expert,(marketscreener.com) Regulatory News:Clasquin   an air and sea freight forwarding and overseas logistics specialist  today announces the appointment of Accuracy  a firm represented by Henri Philippe   as the independent expert tasked with preparing a repo…,Regulatory News:Clasquin (Paris:ALCLA)  an air and sea freight forwarding and overseas logistics specialist  today announces the appointment of Accuracy  a firm represented by Henri Philippe (see contact details below)  as the independent expert tasked with preparing a report on the financial terms of the proposed tender offer (the “Offer”)  followed by a squeeze-out if the conditions are met  to be filed by SAS Shipping Agencies Services Sàrl (“SAS”)  a subsidiary of MSC Mediterranean Shipping Company SA  for the Company’s shares that it does not hold  at a price of €142.03 per share (the “Offer”)  by the end of 2024.This communication follows on from that of 28 March 20241 in which the Company announced that it would appoint an independent expert in connection with the planned Offer.As announced earlier  on 15 March 2024 the Company’s Board of Directors set up an ad hoc committee composed of a majority of independent directors. On 5 June 2024  on the recommendation of this ad hoc committee  the Company’s Board of Directors appointed Accuracy as the independent expert  in accordance with Article 261-1 I of the General Regulation of the French Financial Markets Authority (“AMF”).The appointment of the independent expert was required in application of Article 261-1  I  1° and 2° and Article 261-1  II of the AMF General Regulation  in order to prepare a report on the financial terms of the Offer and the squeeze-out  if implemented.After reviewing this report  including the fairness opinion issued by the independent expert  the Company's Board of Directors will issue a reasoned opinion on the Offer and its consequences for the Company  its shareholders and its employees. This reasoned opinion and the independent expert’s report will be made public in connection with the draft reply document  whose filing with the AMF will be announced in a future Company press release.Independent expert contact detailsCabinet AccuracyHenri Philippe16 avenue Matignon75008 ParisPhone: +33 (0)1 58 75 75 10henri.philippe@accuracy.comUPCOMING EVENTS (publication after market closure)Thursday 25 July 2024: Q2 2024 business reportTuesday 17 September 2024: H1 2024 resultsTuesday 29 October 2024: Q3 2024 business reportCLASQUIN is an air and sea freight forwarding and overseas logistics specialist. The Group designs and manages the entire overseas transport and logistics chain  organising and coordinating the flow of client shipments between France and the rest of the world and  more specifically  to and from Asia-Pacific  North America  North Africa and sub-Saharan Africa.Its shares are listed on EURONEXT GROWTH  ISIN FR0004152882  Reuters ALCLA.PA and Bloomberg ALCLA FP. Read more at www.clasquin.com.CLASQUIN confirms for FY 2023 the eligibility of its share for the PEA-PME share savings plan (Article L. 221-32-2 of the French Monetary and Financial Code).LEI: 9695004FF6FA43KC4764__________________________________1 See Clasquin press release dated 28 March 2024View source version on businesswire.com: https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20240617907861/en/,neutral,0.12,0.87,0.01,positive,0.52,0.47,0.01,True,English,"['Clasquin Board', 'Independent Expert', 'Directors', 'Accuracy', 'SAS Shipping Agencies Services Sàrl', 'MSC Mediterranean Shipping Company SA', 'PEA-PME share savings plan', 'French Financial Markets Authority', 'future Company press release', 'Independent expert contact details', 'sea freight forwarding', 'ad hoc committee', 'draft reply document', 'entire overseas transport', 'overseas logistics specialist', 'Clasquin press release', 'Bloomberg ALCLA FP', 'Q2 2024 business report', 'Q3 2024 business report', 'AMF General Regulation', 'French Monetary', 'logistics chain', 'financial terms', 'Financial Code', 'fairness opinion', 'reasoned opinion', '16 avenue Matignon', 'UPCOMING EVENTS', 'market closure', 'H1 2024 results', 'The Group', 'client shipments', 'North America', 'North Africa', 'sub-Saharan Africa', 'EURONEXT GROWTH', 'Reuters ALCLA', 'source version', 'Regulatory News', 'independent directors', 'Henri Philippe', 'Cabinet Accuracy', 'Article L.', 'tender offer', 'Article 261', 'Paris', 'appointment', 'firm', 'squeeze', 'conditions', 'subsidiary', 'shares', 'price', 'communication', '28 March', 'connection', 'planned', '15 March', 'Board', 'majority', '5 June', 'recommendation', 'accordance', 'application', 'order', 'consequences', 'shareholders', 'employees', 'filing', 'Phone', 'publication', 'Thursday', 'July', 'Tuesday', 'September', 'October', 'flow', 'France', 'rest', 'world', 'Asia-Pacific', 'FY', 'eligibility', 'LEI', '9695004FF6FA43KC4764', 'businesswire']",2024-06-17,2024-06-18,marketscreener.com
42880,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/KALRAY-44172573/news/KALRAY-SECURES-UP-TO-EUR-15M-IN-NON-DILUTIVE-BANK-FINANCING-TO-SUPPORT-GROWTH-46987114/,KALRAY : SECURES UP TO EUR 15M IN NON-DILUTIVE BANK FINANCING TO SUPPORT GROWTH,(marketscreener.com)   KALRAY SECURES UP TO EUR 15M IN NON-DILUTIVE BANK FINANCING TO SUPPORT GROWTH      17 Jun 2024 17:50 CEST    Subscribe     Issuer   KALRAY SA      Grenoble  17 June 2024 - Kalray   a...https://www.marketscreene…,"KALRAY SECURES UP TO EUR 15M IN NON-DILUTIVE BANK FINANCING TO SUPPORT GROWTHGrenoble  17 June 2024 - Kalray (Euronext Growth Paris: ALKAL)  a leading provider of hardware and software solutions to accelerate data-intensive and AI workflows from Cloud to Edge  is pleased to announce the establishment of a scalable debt solution (""Dynamic Revolving Credit Facility"") with BNP Paribas  Kalray's historical banking partner since 2008. Amounting to up to €15m over a period of 3 years  this financing will support the continuous growth of its activities  particularly its expanding prospects in AI and Generative AI (GenAI)  thanks to the merger project with Pliops[1].This loan  mentioned in the press release dated June 3  2024  confirms Kalray's ability to use non-dilutive financing to support its development and growth.With a maximum amount of €15m over 3 years  this loan will be regularly adjusted based on the operational and financial performance of the company  and benefits from insights generated by a proprietary data analytics platform.BNP Paribas Growth Solutions offers both non-dilutive and venture debt funding to innovative companies across Europe.""I would like to thank BNP Paribas  our historical banking partner  for their renewed support in continuing to support high-growth companies like Kalray ""said Eric Baissus  Chairman of the Executive Board of Kalray.Christopher KRAMME  Head of Growth Solutions at BNP Paribas  who structured the debt investment  said:""We are excited about KALRAY's advanced technology and growing commercial traction  and are pleased to be able to accompany that growth in the coming years.""""This financing tool  quite new in Europe  is a complementary means to accompany fast-growing innovative companies in their journey  beyond equity"" said Pierre LAFORGE  Senior Banker specialised in innovative companies.""Thanks to a high level of flexibility & scalability  this financing will be a growth accelerator over time & highlights the key role of BNP Paribas for innovation across Europe and beyond"".ABOUT KALRAYKalray is a technology innovator specializing in software and hardware solutions to accelerate data-intensive workflows in Media & Entertainment  High-Performance Computing  and Artificial Intelligence. Our comprehensive product range features ngenea  a leading data acceleration platform  and accelerated data processing cards for storage and compute.With Kalray solutions  customers can scale their infrastructures to efficiently meet performance and capacity needs for data-intensive tasks  all without being tied to specific data formats or vendors.Founded in 2008 as a spin-off from the French CEA research lab  Kalray has corporate and financial backing from notable investors such as Alliance Venture (Renault-Nissan-Mitsubishi)  NXP Semiconductors  and Bpifrance. Committed to innovation and excellence  we strive to deliver value to our customers  developers  and the planet through technology and expertise.CONTACTSINVESTOR CONTACTSEric BAISSUScontactinvestisseurs@kalrayinc.comPhone +33 4 76 18 90 71ACTUS Finance & CommunicationA nne-Pauline PETUREAUXkalray@actus.frPhone + 33 1 53 67 36 72 PRESS CONTACTSPenta STANLEYcommunication@kalrayinc.comPhone +44 7939 877 880ACTUS Finance & CommunicationSerena BONIsboni@actus.frPhone +33 4 72 18 04 92[1] See press release 3 June 2024This publication embed "" Actusnews SECURITY MASTER "".- SECURITY MASTER Key: mJidlZWXZJyYmm6fasuXmWeZaWtmw5GWmZbKlmlpl5nHb59jnWyTaMbGZnFnmGVs- Check this key: https://www.security-master-key.com .Regulated information:Inside Information:- other releases Full and original press release in PDF: https://www.actusnews.com/news/86306-pr_kalray_bnp_en_def.pdf86306_FR0010722819.pdf",neutral,0.2,0.77,0.03,positive,0.78,0.21,0.01,True,English,"['NON-DILUTIVE BANK FINANCING', 'KALRAY', 'EUR', 'SUPPORT', 'GROWTH', 'Dynamic Revolving Credit Facility', 'French CEA research lab', 'proprietary data analytics platform', 'leading data acceleration platform', 'PRESS CONTACTS Penta STANLEY', 'data processing cards', 'specific data formats', 'BNP Paribas Growth Solutions', 'historical banking partner', 'growing commercial traction', 'comprehensive product range', 'Serena BONI sboni', 'scalable debt solution', 'venture debt funding', 'original press release', 'Euronext Growth Paris', 'Eric BAISSUS contactinvestisseurs', 'fast-growing innovative companies', 'Actusnews SECURITY MASTER', 'SECURITY MASTER Key', 'DILUTIVE BANK FINANCING', 'leading provider', 'debt investment', 'Alliance Venture', 'INVESTOR CONTACTS', 'high-growth companies', 'continuous growth', 'expanding prospects', 'merger project', 'maximum amount', 'Executive Board', 'Christopher KRAMME', 'complementary means', 'Pierre LAFORGE', 'Senior Banker', 'high level', 'growth accelerator', 'High-Performance Computing', 'Artificial Intelligence', 'capacity needs', 'financial backing', 'notable investors', 'NXP Semiconductors', 'Pauline PETUREAUX', 'Regulated information', 'Inside Information', 'other releases', 'software solutions', 'hardware solutions', 'non-dilutive financing', 'financing tool', 'key role', 'AI workflows', 'Generative AI', 'advanced technology', 'technology innovator', 'data-intensive workflows', 'data-intensive tasks', 'financial performance', 'ACTUS Finance', 'Kalray solutions', 'coming years', '3 years', 'SUPPORT', 'Grenoble', 'ALKAL', 'Cloud', 'Edge', 'establishment', 'period', 'activities', 'GenAI', 'Pliops', 'loan', 'ability', 'development', 'operational', 'company', 'benefits', 'insights', 'Europe', 'Chairman', 'Head', 'journey', 'equity', 'flexibility', 'time', 'innovation', 'Media', 'Entertainment', 'ngenea', 'storage', 'compute', 'customers', 'infrastructures', 'vendors', 'spin-off', 'corporate', 'Renault-Nissan-Mitsubishi', 'Bpifrance', 'excellence', 'value', 'developers', 'planet', 'expertise', 'kalrayinc', 'Phone', 'Communication', 'June', 'publication', 'mJidlZWXZJyYmm6fasuXmWeZaWtmw5GWmZbKlmlpl5nHb59jnWyTaMbGZnFnmGVs', 'Full', 'PDF', 'FR0010722819', '17']",2024-06-17,2024-06-18,marketscreener.com
42881,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/KALRAY-44172573/news/Kalray-KALRAY-SECURES-UP-TO-EUR-15M-IN-NON-DILUTIVE-BANK-FINANCING-TO-SUPPORT-GROWTH-46987098/,Kalray :  KALRAY SECURES UP TO EUR 15M IN NON-DILUTIVE BANK FINANCING TO SUPPORT GROWTH,(marketscreener.com)  Grenoble  17 June 2024 - Kalray   a leading provider of hardware and software solutions to accelerate data-intensive and AI workflows from Cloud to Edge  is pleased to announce the establishment of a scalable debt solution with BNP Par…,"Grenoble  17 June 2024 - Kalray (Euronext Growth Paris: ALKAL)  a leading provider of hardware and software solutions to accelerate data-intensive and AI workflows from Cloud to Edge  is pleased to announce the establishment of a scalable debt solution (""Dynamic Revolving Credit Facility"") with BNP Paribas  Kalray's historical banking partner since 2008. Amounting to up to €15m over a period of 3 years  this financing will support the continuous growth of its activities  particularly its expanding prospects in AI and Generative AI (GenAI)  thanks to the merger project with Pliops[1].This loan  mentioned in the press release dated June 3  2024  confirms Kalray's ability to use non-dilutive financing to support its development and growth.With a maximum amount of €15m over 3 years  this loan will be regularly adjusted based on the operational and financial performance of the company  and benefits from insights generated by a proprietary data analytics platform.BNP Paribas Growth Solutions offers both non-dilutive and venture debt funding to innovative companies across Europe.""I would like to thank BNP Paribas  our historical banking partner  for their renewed support in continuing to support high-growth companies like Kalray "" said Eric Baissus  Chairman of the Executive Board of Kalray.Christopher KRAMME  Head of Growth Solutions at BNP Paribas  who structured the debt investment  said: “We are excited about KALRAY's advanced technology and growing commercial traction  and are pleased to be able to accompany that growth in the coming years.”“This financing tool  quite new in Europe  is a complementary means to accompany fast-growing innovative companies in their journey  beyond equity”  said Pierre LAFORGE  Senior Banker specialised in innovative companies. “Thanks to a high level of flexibility & scalability  this financing will be a growth accelerator over time & highlights the key role of BNP Paribas for innovation across Europe and beyond”.ABOUT KALRAYKalray is a technology innovator specializing in software and hardware solutions to accelerate data-intensive workflows in Media & Entertainment  High-Performance Computing  and Artificial Intelligence. Our comprehensive product range features ngenea  a leading data acceleration platform  and accelerated data processing cards for storage and compute.With Kalray solutions  customers can scale their infrastructures to efficiently meet performance and capacity needs for data-intensive tasks  all without being tied to specific data formats or vendors.Founded in 2008 as a spin-off from the French CEA research lab  Kalray has corporate and financial backing from notable investors such as Alliance Venture (Renault-Nissan-Mitsubishi)  NXP Semiconductors  and Bpifrance. Committed to innovation and excellence  we strive to deliver value to our customers  developers  and the planet through technology and expertise.CONTACTSINVESTOR CONTACTSEric BAISSUScontactinvestisseurs@kalrayinc.comPhone +33 4 76 18 90 71ACTUS Finance & CommunicationA nne-Pauline PETUREAUXkalray@actus.frPhone + 33 1 53 67 36 72 PRESS CONTACTSPenta STANLEYcommunication@kalrayinc.comPhone +44 7939 877 880ACTUS Finance & CommunicationSerena BONIsboni@actus.frPhone +33 4 72 18 04 92[1] See press release 3 June 2024This publication embed ""🔒 Actusnews SECURITY MASTER "".- SECURITY MASTER Key: mJidlZWXZJyYmm6fasuXmWeZaWtmw5GWmZbKlmlpl5nHb59jnWyTaMbGZnFnmGVs- Check this key: https://www.security-master-key.com .Regulated information:Inside Information:- other releases Full and original press release in PDF: https://www.actusnews.com/news/86306-pr_kalray_bnp_en_def.pdfReceive by email the next press releases of the company by registering on www.actusnews.com   it's free© 2024 ActusNews",neutral,0.3,0.69,0.02,positive,0.75,0.24,0.01,True,English,"['DILUTIVE BANK FINANCING', 'Kalray', 'EUR', 'SUPPORT', 'GROWTH', 'Dynamic Revolving Credit Facility', 'French CEA research lab', 'proprietary data analytics platform', 'leading data acceleration platform', 'PRESS CONTACTS Penta STANLEY', 'data processing cards', 'specific data formats', 'BNP Paribas Growth Solutions', 'historical banking partner', 'growing commercial traction', 'comprehensive product range', 'Serena BONI sboni', 'scalable debt solution', 'next press releases', 'venture debt funding', 'Euronext Growth Paris', 'original press release', 'Eric BAISSUS contactinvestisseurs', 'fast-growing innovative companies', 'SECURITY MASTER Key', 'Actusnews SECURITY MASTER', 'leading provider', 'debt investment', 'Alliance Venture', 'other releases', 'INVESTOR CONTACTS', 'high-growth companies', 'continuous growth', 'growth accelerator', 'expanding prospects', 'merger project', 'maximum amount', 'Executive Board', 'Christopher KRAMME', 'complementary means', 'Pierre LAFORGE', 'Senior Banker', 'high level', 'High-Performance Computing', 'Artificial Intelligence', 'capacity needs', 'financial backing', 'notable investors', 'NXP Semiconductors', 'Pauline PETUREAUX', 'Regulated information', 'Inside Information', 'software solutions', 'hardware solutions', 'key role', 'AI workflows', 'Generative AI', 'advanced technology', 'technology innovator', 'data-intensive workflows', 'data-intensive tasks', 'non-dilutive financing', 'financial performance', 'financing tool', 'ACTUS Finance', 'Kalray solutions', 'coming years', '2024 ActusNews', '3 years', 'Grenoble', 'June', 'ALKAL', 'Cloud', 'Edge', 'establishment', 'period', 'activities', 'GenAI', 'Pliops', 'loan', 'ability', 'development', 'operational', 'company', 'benefits', 'insights', 'Europe', 'support', 'Chairman', 'Head', 'journey', 'equity', 'flexibility', 'time', 'innovation', 'Media', 'Entertainment', 'ngenea', 'storage', 'compute', 'customers', 'infrastructures', 'vendors', 'spin-off', 'corporate', 'Renault-Nissan-Mitsubishi', 'Bpifrance', 'excellence', 'value', 'developers', 'planet', 'expertise', 'kalrayinc', 'Phone', 'Communication', 'publication', 'mJidlZWXZJyYmm6fasuXmWeZaWtmw5GWmZbKlmlpl5nHb59jnWyTaMbGZnFnmGVs', 'Full', 'PDF', 'email']",2024-06-17,2024-06-18,marketscreener.com
42882,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/VALLOUREC-4723/news/Vallourec-wins-a-new-5-year-contract-to-provide-premium-solutions-to-Equinor-in-Brazil-46982416/,Vallourec : wins a new 5-year contract to provide premium solutions to Equinor in Brazil,(marketscreener.com)   Vallourec wins a new 5-year contract to provide premium solutions to Equinor in Brazil      17 Jun 2024 07:31 CEST    Subscribe     Issuer   VALLOUREC        ...https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/VALL…,"Vallourec wins a new 5-year contract to provide premium solutions to Equinor in BrazilVallourec wins a new 5-year contractto provide premium solutions to Equinor in BrazilMeudon (France)  June 17  2024 - Vallourec  world leader in premium seamless tubular solutions  announces the signature of a 5-year contract with Equinor in Brazil for the turnkey supply of premium tubes and connections  accessories  and services. Equinor  a global energy giant  is one of the largest oil producers in Brazil.Vallourec low-carbon high performance OCTG solutions will contribute to the development of the Bacalhau and Raia fields operated in the pre-salt  as well as the Peregrino field in the post-salt  while contributing to Equinor's Energy Transition Plan to reach net zero by 2050.The contract also includes innovative digital solutions  as well as Vallourec's full set of Tubular Management Services (TMS). These services will increase efficiencies of onshore and offshore operations and reduce the total cost of ownership for Equinor.Vallourec's strategic premium hub in Brazil  comprising the Barreiro and Jeceaba (Minas Gerais) production plants  and the Vallourec Tubular Solutions (VTS) integrated services centre in Macae  will handle all Equinor's needs featuring a high degree of local content and an optimized supply chain.Bertrand Frischmann  Chief Operating Officer of the Americas and member of Vallourec's Executive Committee  commented  ""Vallourec has been a supplier of Equinor for over 10 years  thanks to its expertise and high value-added products. Our complete OCTG offer will allow Equinor to operate demanding fields in the pre-salt  underlining our level of excellence in Brazil.""First product deliveries are expected in the second half of 2025.About VallourecVallourec is a world leader in premium tubular solutions for the energy markets and for demanding industrial applications such as oil & gas wells in harsh environments  new generation power plants  challenging architectural projects  and high-performance mechanical equipment. Vallourec's pioneering spirit and cutting edge R&D open new technological frontiers. With close to 15 000 dedicated and passionate employees in more than 20 countries  Vallourec works hand-in-hand with its customers to offer more than just tubes: Vallourec delivers innovative  safe  competitive and smart tubular solutions  to make every project possible.Listed on Euronext in Paris (ISIN code: FR0013506730  Ticker VK)  Vallourec is part of the CAC Mid 60  SBF 120 and Next 150 indices and is eligible for Deferred Settlement Service.In the United States  Vallourec has established a sponsored Level 1 American Depositary Receipt (ADR) program (ISIN code: US92023R4074  Ticker: VLOWY). Parity between ADR and a Vallourec ordinary share has been set at 5:1.For further information  please contact:Investor RelationsConnor LynaghTel.: +1 (713) 409-7842connor.lynagh@vallourec.com Press relationsHéloïse RothenbühlerTel.: +33 (0)6 45 45 19 67heloise.rothenbuhler@vallourec.comIndividual shareholdersToll Free Number (from France): 0 805 65 10 10actionnaires@vallourec.comAttachment",neutral,0.22,0.77,0.01,neutral,0.06,0.93,0.01,True,English,"['new 5-year contract', 'premium solutions', 'Vallourec', 'Equinor', 'Brazil', 'Level 1 American Depositary Receipt (ADR) program', 'Héloïse Rothenbühler', 'low-carbon high performance OCTG solutions', 'Minas Gerais) production plants', 'new generation power plants', 'VTS) integrated services centre', 'premium seamless tubular solutions', 'complete OCTG offer', 'high value-added products', 'smart tubular solutions', 'new technological frontiers', 'innovative digital solutions', 'Chief Operating Officer', 'First product deliveries', 'high-performance mechanical equipment', 'edge R&D', 'innovative, safe, competitive', 'Deferred Settlement Service', 'Toll Free Number', 'premium tubular solutions', 'global energy giant', 'Energy Transition Plan', 'strategic premium hub', 'optimized supply chain', 'demanding industrial applications', 'Tubular Management Services', 'new 5-year contract', 'largest oil producers', 'Vallourec Tubular Solutions', 'Vallourec ordinary share', 'premium solutions', 'high degree', 'energy markets', 'turnkey supply', 'demanding fields', 'premium tubes', 'world leader', 'Raia fields', 'Peregrino field', 'full set', 'offshore operations', 'total cost', 'local content', 'Bertrand Frischmann', 'Executive Committee', 'second half', 'gas wells', 'harsh environments', 'architectural projects', 'pioneering spirit', 'passionate employees', 'ISIN code', 'CAC Mid 60', 'Next 150 indices', 'United States', 'Investor Relations', 'Press relations', 'Individual shareholders', 'Ticker VK', 'Connor Lynagh', 'Vallourec Vallourec', 'Brazil Vallourec', 'Equinor', 'Meudon', 'France', 'signature', 'connections', 'accessories', 'development', 'Bacalhau', 'salt', 'post', 'net', 'TMS', 'efficiencies', 'onshore', 'ownership', 'Barreiro', 'Jeceaba', 'Macae', 'needs', 'Americas', 'member', 'supplier', '10 years', 'expertise', 'excellence', 'challenging', 'cutting', 'close', '15,000 dedicated', '20 countries', 'customers', 'Euronext', 'Paris', 'part', 'SBF', 'VLOWY', 'Parity', 'information', 'Tel.', 'heloise', 'rothenbuhler', 'Attachment']",2024-06-17,2024-06-18,marketscreener.com
42883,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/VALLOUREC-444831/news/Vallourec-wins-a-new-5-year-contract-to-provide-premium-solutions-to-Equinor-in-Brazil-46982384/,Vallourec wins a new 5-year contract to provide premium solutions to Equinor in Brazil,(marketscreener.com)                    Vallourec wins a new 5-year contractto provide premium solutions to Equinor in Brazil Meudon   June 17  2024 – Vallourec  world leader in premium seamless tubular solutions  announces the signature of a 5-year contract …,"Vallourec wins a new 5-year contractto provide premium solutions to Equinor in BrazilMeudon (France)  June 17  2024 – Vallourec  world leader in premium seamless tubular solutions  announces the signature of a 5-year contract with Equinor in Brazil for the turnkey supply of premium tubes and connections  accessories  and services. Equinor  a global energy giant  is one of the largest oil producers in Brazil.Vallourec low-carbon high performance OCTG solutions will contribute to the development of the Bacalhau and Raia fields operated in the pre-salt  as well as the Peregrino field in the post-salt  while contributing to Equinor's Energy Transition Plan to reach net zero by 2050.The contract also includes innovative digital solutions  as well as Vallourec’s full set of Tubular Management Services (TMS). These services will increase efficiencies of onshore and offshore operations and reduce the total cost of ownership for Equinor.Vallourec's strategic premium hub in Brazil  comprising the Barreiro and Jeceaba (Minas Gerais) production plants  and the Vallourec Tubular Solutions (VTS) integrated services centre in Macae  will handle all Equinor's needs featuring a high degree of local content and an optimized supply chain.Bertrand Frischmann  Chief Operating Officer of the Americas and member of Vallourec's Executive Committee  commented  “Vallourec has been a supplier of Equinor for over 10 years  thanks to its expertise and high value-added products. Our complete OCTG offer will allow Equinor to operate demanding fields in the pre-salt  underlining our level of excellence in Brazil.""First product deliveries are expected in the second half of 2025.About VallourecVallourec is a world leader in premium tubular solutions for the energy markets and for demanding industrial applications such as oil & gas wells in harsh environments  new generation power plants  challenging architectural projects  and high-performance mechanical equipment. Vallourec’s pioneering spirit and cutting edge R&D open new technological frontiers. With close to 15 000 dedicated and passionate employees in more than 20 countries  Vallourec works hand-in-hand with its customers to offer more than just tubes: Vallourec delivers innovative  safe  competitive and smart tubular solutions  to make every project possible.Listed on Euronext in Paris (ISIN code: FR0013506730  Ticker VK)  Vallourec is part of the CAC Mid 60  SBF 120 and Next 150 indices and is eligible for Deferred Settlement Service.In the United States  Vallourec has established a sponsored Level 1 American Depositary Receipt (ADR) program (ISIN code: US92023R4074  Ticker: VLOWY). Parity between ADR and a Vallourec ordinary share has been set at 5:1.For further information  please contact:Investor RelationsConnor LynaghTel.: +1 (713) 409-7842connor.lynagh@vallourec.com Press relationsHéloïse RothenbühlerTel.: +33 (0)6 45 45 19 67heloise.rothenbuhler@vallourec.comIndividual shareholdersToll Free Number (from France): 0 805 65 10 10actionnaires@vallourec.comAttachment",neutral,0.11,0.89,0.01,neutral,0.07,0.92,0.01,True,English,"['new 5-year contract', 'premium solutions', 'Vallourec', 'Equinor', 'Brazil', 'Level 1 American Depositary Receipt (ADR) program', 'Héloïse Rothenbühler', 'low-carbon high performance OCTG solutions', 'Minas Gerais) production plants', 'cutting edge R&D', 'new generation power plants', 'VTS) integrated services centre', 'premium seamless tubular solutions', 'complete OCTG offer', 'smart tubular solutions', 'high value-added products', 'new technological frontiers', 'innovative digital solutions', 'premium tubular solutions', 'Chief Operating Officer', 'First product deliveries', 'high-performance mechanical equipment', 'innovative, safe, competitive', 'Deferred Settlement Service', 'Toll Free Number', 'strategic premium hub', 'global energy giant', 'Energy Transition Plan', 'optimized supply chain', 'demanding industrial applications', 'Tubular Management Services', 'largest oil producers', 'new 5-year contract', 'Vallourec Tubular Solutions', 'Vallourec ordinary share', 'premium solutions', 'high degree', 'energy markets', 'turnkey supply', 'demanding fields', 'premium tubes', 'world leader', 'Raia fields', 'Peregrino field', 'full set', 'offshore operations', 'total cost', 'local content', 'Bertrand Frischmann', 'Executive Committee', 'second half', 'gas wells', 'harsh environments', 'architectural projects', 'pioneering spirit', 'passionate employees', 'ISIN code', 'CAC Mid 60', 'Next 150 indices', 'United States', 'Investor Relations', 'Press relations', 'Individual shareholders', 'Ticker VK', 'Connor Lynagh', 'Vallourec Vallourec', 'Equinor', 'Brazil', 'Meudon', 'France', 'signature', 'connections', 'accessories', 'development', 'Bacalhau', 'salt', 'post', 'net', 'TMS', 'efficiencies', 'onshore', 'ownership', 'Barreiro', 'Jeceaba', 'Macae', 'needs', 'Americas', 'member', 'supplier', '10 years', 'expertise', 'excellence', 'challenging', 'close', '15,000 dedicated', '20 countries', 'hand', 'customers', 'Euronext', 'Paris', 'part', 'SBF', 'VLOWY', 'Parity', 'information', 'Tel.', 'heloise', 'rothenbuhler', 'Attachment']",2024-06-17,2024-06-18,marketscreener.com
42884,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/VISIOMED-GROUP-SA-8235236/news/Visiomed-Group-Sa-Visiomed-Group-s-Smart-Salem-launches-new-services-and-anticipates-another-46982397/,Visiomed Group Sa :  Visiomed Group's Smart Salem launches new services and anticipates another quarter of significant growth,(marketscreener.com)  New blood testing packages launched in May Launch of vaccinations and occupational health for beauticians 58% revenue growth for the Wellness activity in May from AprilAdditional services to be launched in June Paris  Dubai  June …,"New blood testing packages launched in MayLaunch of vaccinations and occupational health for beauticians58% revenue growth for the Wellness activity in May from AprilAdditional services to be launched in JuneParis  Dubai  June 17  2024VISIOMED GROUP (FR0013481835 - ALVMG)  a group dedicated to innovative healthcare technologies and services  shares key updates on the recent activities of its subsidiary Smart Salem for the months of May and June.Smart Salem launched a number of new services in May including new blood testing packages (of which female hormone testing) and new vaccination servicesThe company also successfully launched its first occupational health offer for beauticians and salon workers - these medical tests are mandatory for workers in certain sectors as per new regulation recently launched in 2024The wellness activity is seeing strong month-on-month growth with revenue growing by 58% in May in comparison to AprilAdditional new services will be launched in June including dietician consultations  gut health testing and Electrocardiogram (ECG) screeningFollowing the end of the month of June  Visiomed will release Smart Salem's key financials for the second quarter of the year  which are again excellent and in line with our expectations.***About VISIOMED GROUPFounded in 2007  VISIOMED GROUP relies on a long experience in the health sector to invest in innovative health technologies and services in France and abroad.The Group now has focused its activities on the Middle East since 2021 and the acquisition of Smart Salem  the first digital medical analysis centre accredited by the Dubai Health Authority (DHA) in the United Arab Emirates  100% owned by Visiomed Group.Visiomed is also accelerating its development in the region with the creation of Smart Health  a joint venture that will lead the deployment of the Group's innovative centres in Saudi Arabia.Based in Paris  Visiomed Group is listed on Euronext Growth (ALVMG). For more information  visit www.visiomed-group.comCONTACTSJérôme FABREGUETTES LEIB Fatou-Kiné N'DIAYE Investor Relations Financial Press Relations visiomed@actus.fr fndiaye@actus.fr Phone: +33 1 53 67 36 78 Phone: +33 1 53 67 36 75© Visiomed Group SA 2024. The brands mentioned are the property of their respective authors. Reproduction prohibited  even partial  without prior authorization.This publication embed ""🔒 Actusnews SECURITY MASTER "".- SECURITY MASTER Key: nWlvkp2YZ2ecnpxtaMmZbJWXZploxZTFZWqemWRwlJeWm3GWmptiasrKZnFnl25v- Check this key: https://www.security-master-key.com .Regulated information:Inside Information:- other releases Full and original press release in PDF: https://www.actusnews.com/news/86299-alvmg-cp-smartsalem-eng_vdef.pdfReceive by email the next press releases of the company by registering on www.actusnews.com   it's free© 2024 ActusNews",neutral,0.11,0.87,0.01,mixed,0.5,0.12,0.38,True,English,"['Visiomed Group Sa', 'Smart Salem', 'new services', 'significant growth', 'quarter', ""Jérôme FABREGUETTES LEIB Fatou-Kiné N'DIAYE Investor Relations Financial Press Relations"", 'first digital medical analysis centre', 'New blood testing packages', 'first occupational health offer', 'original press release', 'next press releases', 'female hormone testing', 'gut health testing', 'United Arab Emirates', 'innovative healthcare technologies', 'innovative health technologies', 'new vaccination services', 'Dubai Health Authority', 'Additional new services', 'SECURITY MASTER Key', 'Actusnews SECURITY MASTER', 'Visiomed Group SA', 'medical tests', 'new regulation', 'health sector', 'Smart Health', 'innovative centres', 'Additional services', 'other releases', 'Wellness activity', 'Smart Salem', 'dietician consultations', 'ECG) screening', 'second quarter', 'long experience', 'Middle East', 'joint venture', 'Saudi Arabia', 'Euronext Growth', 'respective authors', 'prior authorization', 'key updates', 'key financials', 'The Group', 'Regulated information', 'Inside Information', '58% revenue growth', 'recent activities', 'salon workers', 'month growth', 'May', 'Launch', 'vaccinations', 'beauticians', 'April', 'June', 'Paris', 'ALVMG', 'subsidiary', 'months', 'number', 'company', 'sectors', 'strong', 'Electrocardiogram', 'end', 'year', 'line', 'expectations', 'France', 'acquisition', 'DHA', 'development', 'region', 'creation', 'deployment', 'CONTACTS', 'fndiaye', 'Phone', 'brands', 'property', 'Reproduction', 'publication', 'nWlvkp2YZ2ecnpxtaMmZbJWXZploxZTFZWqemWRwlJeWm3GWmptiasrKZnFnl25v', 'Full', 'PDF', 'cp', 'smartsalem', 'vdef', 'email', '2024']",2024-06-17,2024-06-18,marketscreener.com
42885,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/INNATE-PHARMA-35620/news/Innate-Pharma-Inside-Information-Other-news-releases-46983167/,Innate Pharma : Inside Information / Other news releases,(marketscreener.com)    PRESS RELEASE   INNATE PHARMA SHARES UPDATED RESULTS FROM   THE SANOFI DEVELOPED BLOOD CANCER PHASE 1/2   SAR443579/IPH6101 TRIAL    SAR443579/IPH6101  ANKET® platform lead asset  is a...https://www.marketscreener.com/q…,"PRESS RELEASEINNATE PHARMA SHARES UPDATED RESULTS FROMTHE SANOFI DEVELOPED BLOOD CANCER PHASE 1/2SAR443579/IPH6101 TRIALSAR443579/IPH6101  ANKET ® platform lead asset  is a first-in-classNKp46/CD16-based NK cell engager targeting CD123 from a joint research collaboration between Innate Pharma and Sanofi  under development by Sanofi in R/R AML  B-ALL and HR-MDSplatform lead asset  is a first-in-classNKp46/CD16-based NK cell engager targeting CD123 from a joint research collaboration between Innate Pharma and Sanofi  under development by Sanofi in R/R AML  B-ALL and HR-MDS SAR443579/IPH6101 continues to show clinical benefit and durable responsesalong with a favorable safety profile in patients with R/R AML  with 5 complete remissions (4 CR / 1 CRi) achieved at 1 mg/kg  with durable CR (>10 months) observed in 3 patientsMarseille  France  June 17  2024  7:00AM CESTInnate Pharma SA (Euronext Paris: IPH; Nasdaq: IPHA) (""Innate"" or the ""Company"") announced today that updated efficacy and safety results from the dose-escalation part of the Phase 1/2 study with SAR443579/IPH6101 (SAR'579)  an investigational CD123 targeting NKp46/CD16-based Natural Killer Cell Engager (NKCE)  from a joint research collaboration between Innate Pharma and Sanofi and ANKET® platform lead asset  were shared in an oral presentation at the European Hematology Association 2024 Congress in Madrid  Spain on Sunday  June 16 at 11:45 CEST.The study  led by Sanofi  tests SAR'579 as a monotherapy for the treatment of blood cancers with high unmet needs  including relapsed or refractory acute myeloid leukemia (R/R AML)  B-cell acute lymphoblastic leukemia (B-ALL) and high-risk myelodysplasia (HR-MDS). SAR'579 has FDA Fast Track Designation for the treatment of acute myeloid leukemia.""We are pleased to see that SAR'579 continues to show promising and durable clinical efficacy along with a favorable safety profile. The ongoing Phase 1/2 study has recently progressed to the Phase 2 stage  marking a significant milestone in its development. We look forward to the continued progress of this multi-specific NK Cell Engager which holds great potential to benefit patients suffering from various blood cancers "" says Dr Sonia Quaratino  Chief Medical Officer of Innate Pharma.Fifty-nine patients (58 R/R AML and 1 HR-MDS) across 11 dose levels (0.01 - 6mg/kg) were treated. Patients had received a median of 2 (1 - 10) prior lines of treatment. A maximum response rate was observed at a final target dose of 1 mg/kg every week with 5 AML patients achieving a CR (4 CR/1 CRi)1. The median treatment duration was 7.9 weeks  with durable CR (>10 months) observed in 3 patients with 2 remaining on maintenance therapy as of the data cutoff. SAR'579 was well tolerated up to doses of 6 mg/kg every week. These data will form the basis for selection of recommended doses for development in the Phase 2 portion of the trial.""We are excited about the emerging results from our development of SAR'579. Ongoing studies are focused on further demonstrating the potential of the NK cell engager in patients with leukemia. We look forward to sharing data from these trials at future scientific meetings "" says Peter Adamson  Global Development Head  Oncology  Sanofi.1 CR: complete remission; CRi: CR with incomplete hematological recovery",neutral,0.01,0.98,0.01,mixed,0.68,0.22,0.11,True,English,"['Other news releases', 'Innate Pharma', 'Inside Information', 'THE SANOFI DEVELOPED BLOOD CANCER PHASE', 'NKp46/CD16-based Natural Killer Cell Engager', 'ANKET ® platform lead asset', 'ANKET® platform lead asset', 'European Hematology Association 2024 Congress', 'FDA Fast Track Designation', 'multi-specific NK Cell Engager', 'classNKp46/CD16-based NK cell engager', 'B-cell acute lymphoblastic leukemia', 'refractory acute myeloid leukemia', 'HR-MDS platform lead asset', 'ongoing Phase 1/2 study', 'various blood cancers', 'joint research collaboration', 'high unmet needs', 'Dr Sonia Quaratino', 'Chief Medical Officer', 'maximum response rate', 'future scientific meetings', 'incomplete hematological recovery', 'favorable safety profile', 'final target dose', 'INNATE PHARMA SHARES', 'Innate Pharma SA', 'Global Development Head', 'durable clinical efficacy', 'median treatment duration', 'Phase 2 stage', 'Phase 2 portion', 'Ongoing studies', 'clinical benefit', '11 dose levels', 'safety results', 'durable responses', 'PRESS RELEASE', 'R/R AML', '5 complete remissions', 'Euronext Paris', 'dose-escalation part', 'oral presentation', 'high-risk myelodysplasia', 'significant milestone', 'continued progress', '10) prior lines', 'maintenance therapy', 'Peter Adamson', 'emerging results', 'durable CR', '7:00AM CEST', 'great potential', 'investigational CD123', 'data cutoff', 'Fifty-nine patients', '5 AML patients', 'IPH6101 TRIAL', '1 HR-MDS', '11:45 CEST', '1 CR', '3 patients', 'B-ALL', '1 mg', '>10 months', 'Marseille', 'France', 'June', 'Nasdaq', 'IPHA', 'Company', 'SAR443579/IPH6101', 'NKCE', 'Madrid', 'Spain', 'Sunday', 'monotherapy', 'relapsed', ""SAR'579"", 'promising', '6mg', '7.9 weeks', 'doses', '6 mg', 'basis', 'selection', 'trials', 'Oncology', 'CRi', '2 (1']",2024-06-17,2024-06-18,marketscreener.com
42886,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/EUTELSAT-COMMUNICATIONS-5147/news/Eutelsat-Communications-Group-confirms-participation-in-latest-round-of-fund-raising-by-Seraphim-S-46986477/,Eutelsat Communications : Group confirms participation in latest round of fund-raising by Seraphim Space  the global leader in SpaceTech investment. P,(marketscreener.com)   About Seraphim   Seraphim Space is a leading venture capital fund specialising in space technologies. It supports innovative companies that are transforming the space industry and addressing global challenges through advanced techn…,About SeraphimSeraphim Space is a leading venture capital fund specialising in space technologies. It supports innovative companies that are transforming the space industry and addressing global challenges through advanced technological solutions. Seraphim's investment portfolio spans various sectors  including satellite communications  Earth observation  robotics  and data analytics  focusing on driving forward the New Space economy.About Eutelsat GroupEutelsat Group is a global leader in satellite communications  delivering connectivity and broadcast services worldwide. The Group was formed through the combination of the Company and OneWeb in 2023  becoming the first fully integrated GEO-LEO satellite operator with a fleet of 36 Geostationary satellites and a Low Earth Orbit (LEO) constellation of more than 600 satellites. The Group addresses the needs of customers in four key verticals of Video  where it distributes more than 6 500 television channels  and the high-growth connectivity markets of Mobile Connectivity  Fixed Connectivity  and Government Services. Eutelsat Group's unique suite of in-orbit assets and ground infrastructure enables it to deliver integrated solutions to meet the needs of global customers. The Company is headquartered in Paris and the Eutelsat Group employs more than 1 700 people across more than 50 countries. The Group is committed to delivering safe  resilient  and environmentally sustainable connectivity to help bridge the digital divide. The Company is listed on the Euronext Paris Stock Exchange (ticker: ETL) and the London Stock Exchange (ticker: ETL)Find out more at www.eutelsat.comMedia enquiriesJoanna DarlingtonTel. +33 674 521 531jdarlington@eutelsat.comAnita BaltagiTel. +33 643 930 178abaltagi@eutelsat.comKatie DowdTel. +1 202 271 2209kdowd@oneweb.netInvestorsJoanna DarlingtonTel. +33 674 521 531jdarlington@eutelsat.comHugo Laurens BergeTel. +33 670 80 95 58hlaurensberge@eutelsat.comDISCLAIMERThe forward-looking statements included herein are for illustrative purposes only and are based on management's views and assumptions as of the date of this document. Such forward-looking statements involve known and unknown risks. For illustrative purposes only  such risks include but are not limited to: risks related to the health crisis; operational risks related to satellite failures or impaired satellite performance  or failure to roll out the deployment plan as planned and within the expected timeframe; risks related to the trend in the satellite telecommunications market resulting from increased competition or technological changes affecting the market; risks related to the international dimension of the Group's customers and activities; risks related to the adoption of international rules on frequency coordination and financial risks related  inter alia  to the financial guarantee granted to the Intergovernmental Organization's closed pension fund  and foreign exchange risk. Eutelsat Communications expressly disclaims any obligation or undertaking to update or revise any projections  forecasts or estimates contained in this document to reflect any change in events  conditions  assumptions  or circumstances on which any such statements are based  unless so required by applicable law. The information contained in this document is not based on historical fact and should not be construed as a guarantee that the facts or data mentioned will occur. This information is based on data  assumptions and estimates that the Group considers as reasonable.,neutral,0.06,0.93,0.01,negative,0.01,0.18,0.81,True,English,"['Eutelsat Communications', 'latest round', 'Seraphim Space', 'global leader', 'SpaceTech investment', 'Group', 'participation', 'fund-raising', 'leading venture capital fund', 'Euronext Paris Stock Exchange', 'London Stock Exchange', 'closed pension fund', 'foreign exchange risk', 'four key verticals', 'Hugo Laurens Berge', 'GEO-LEO satellite operator', 'New Space economy', 'high-growth connectivity markets', 'environmentally sustainable connectivity', 'advanced technological solutions', 'Low Earth Orbit', 'Such forward-looking statements', 'satellite telecommunications market', 'Earth observation', 'orbit assets', 'integrated solutions', 'technological changes', 'satellite communications', 'satellite failures', 'satellite performance', 'space technologies', 'space industry', 'Mobile Connectivity', 'Fixed Connectivity', 'innovative companies', 'global challenges', 'investment portfolio', 'various sectors', 'global leader', 'broadcast services', 'LEO) constellation', '6,500 television channels', 'Government Services', 'unique suite', 'ground infrastructure', 'digital divide', 'Media enquiries', 'Joanna Darlington', 'Anita Baltagi', 'Katie Dowd', 'illustrative purposes', 'health crisis', 'deployment plan', 'international dimension', 'international rules', 'frequency coordination', 'Intergovernmental Organization', 'applicable law', 'historical fact', 'Seraphim Space', 'The Group', '36 Geostationary satellites', 'financial guarantee', 'Eutelsat Communications', 'unknown risks', 'operational risks', 'financial risks', 'data analytics', 'global customers', 'Eutelsat Group', 'The Company', '600 satellites', 'robotics', 'combination', 'OneWeb', 'fleet', 'needs', 'Video', '1,700 people', '50 countries', 'ETL', 'Tel.', 'jdarlington', 'abaltagi', 'kdowd', 'Investors', 'hlaurensberge', 'DISCLAIMER', 'management', 'views', 'assumptions', 'date', 'document', 'expected', 'timeframe', 'trend', 'increased', 'competition', 'activities', 'adoption', 'obligation', 'undertaking', 'projections', 'forecasts', 'estimates', 'events', 'conditions', 'circumstances', 'information', 'facts']",2024-06-17,2024-06-18,marketscreener.com
42887,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.etfdailynews.com/2024/06/17/ica-group-wealth-management-llc-sells-3794-shares-of-invesco-sp-500-equal-weight-etf-nysearcarsp/,ICA Group Wealth Management LLC Sells 3 794 Shares of Invesco S&P 500 Equal Weight ETF (NYSEARCA:RSP),ICA Group Wealth Management LLC lessened its stake in shares of Invesco S&P 500 Equal Weight ETF (NYSEARCA:RSP – Free Report) by 31.1% during the fourth quarter  according to its most recent filing with the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC). The instit…,ICA Group Wealth Management LLC lessened its stake in shares of Invesco S&P 500 Equal Weight ETF (NYSEARCA:RSP – Free Report) by 31.1% during the fourth quarter  according to its most recent filing with the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC). The institutional investor owned 8 388 shares of the company’s stock after selling 3 794 shares during the quarter. ICA Group Wealth Management LLC’s holdings in Invesco S&P 500 Equal Weight ETF were worth $1 324 000 at the end of the most recent reporting period.Other large investors also recently made changes to their positions in the company. J.W. Cole Advisors Inc. grew its holdings in shares of Invesco S&P 500 Equal Weight ETF by 126.8% during the fourth quarter. J.W. Cole Advisors Inc. now owns 40 455 shares of the company’s stock valued at $6 384 000 after buying an additional 22 615 shares during the last quarter. TFB Advisors LLC boosted its stake in Invesco S&P 500 Equal Weight ETF by 38.5% during the 4th quarter. TFB Advisors LLC now owns 1 965 shares of the company’s stock valued at $310 000 after purchasing an additional 546 shares during the last quarter. Apexium Financial LP increased its holdings in Invesco S&P 500 Equal Weight ETF by 111.6% during the 4th quarter. Apexium Financial LP now owns 14 908 shares of the company’s stock worth $2 353 000 after purchasing an additional 7 864 shares in the last quarter. Roble Belko & Company Inc purchased a new stake in shares of Invesco S&P 500 Equal Weight ETF in the fourth quarter worth approximately $263 000. Finally  Well Done LLC lifted its holdings in shares of Invesco S&P 500 Equal Weight ETF by 0.4% in the fourth quarter. Well Done LLC now owns 44 525 shares of the company’s stock valued at $7 026 000 after purchasing an additional 197 shares in the last quarter.Get Invesco S&P 500 Equal Weight ETF alerts:Invesco S&P 500 Equal Weight ETF Stock Down 0.1 %Shares of NYSEARCA:RSP opened at $163.44 on Monday. The business’s 50 day moving average is $164.21 and its 200 day moving average is $161.10. Invesco S&P 500 Equal Weight ETF has a 12-month low of $133.34 and a 12-month high of $169.80. The stock has a market cap of $54.74 billion  a price-to-earnings ratio of 20.44 and a beta of 0.90.Invesco S&P 500 Equal Weight ETF ProfileGuggenheim S&P 500 Equal Weight ETF  formerly Rydex S&P 500 Equal Weight ETF  seeks to replicate as closely as possible  the daily performance of the S&P 500 Equal Weight Index (the Index). The Index is a capitalization-weighted index covering 500 industrial  utility  transportation and financial companies of the United States markets (mostly NYSE Euronext issues).Featured StoriesWant to see what other hedge funds are holding RSP? Visit HoldingsChannel.com to get the latest 13F filings and insider trades for Invesco S&P 500 Equal Weight ETF (NYSEARCA:RSP – Free Report).Receive News & Ratings for Invesco S&P 500 Equal Weight ETF Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Invesco S&P 500 Equal Weight ETF and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.,neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,neutral,0.03,0.96,0.01,True,English,"['Invesco S&P 500 Equal Weight ETF', 'ICA Group Wealth Management LLC', '3,794 Shares', 'NYSEARCA', 'RSP', 'Invesco S&P 500 Equal Weight ETF alerts', 'Invesco S&P 500 Equal Weight ETF Profile', 'Invesco S&P 500 Equal Weight ETF Stock', 'Guggenheim S&P 500 Equal Weight ETF', 'Rydex S&P 500 Equal Weight ETF', 'S&P 500 Equal Weight Index', 'ICA Group Wealth Management LLC', 'J.W. Cole Advisors Inc.', 'FREE daily email newsletter', 'TFB Advisors LLC', 'Well Done LLC', 'Other large investors', '50 day moving average', '200 day moving average', 'United States markets', 'NYSE Euronext issues', 'other hedge funds', 'concise daily summary', 'Apexium Financial LP', 'recent reporting period', 'latest 13F filings', 'Company Inc', 'daily performance', 'email address', 'Free Report', 'financial companies', 'recent filing', 'The Index', 'capitalization-weighted index', 'Exchange Commission', 'institutional investor', 'Roble Belko', '12-month low', '12-month high', 'market cap', 'earnings ratio', 'Featured Stories', 'insider trades', 'latest news', 'related companies', 'fourth quarter', 'last quarter', '4th quarter', 'NYSEARCA:RSP', ""analysts' ratings"", 'MarketBeat.com', 'new stake', 'additional 22,615 shares', 'additional 546 shares', 'additional 7,864 shares', 'additional 197 shares', '8,388 shares', '3,794 shares', '40,455 shares', '1,965 shares', '14,908 shares', '44,525 shares', 'Securities', 'holdings', 'end', 'changes', 'positions', 'Monday', 'business', 'price', 'beta', 'transportation']",2024-06-17,2024-06-18,etfdailynews.com
42888,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.investing.com/news/press-releases/clasquin-board-of-directors-appoints-accuracy-as-independent-expert-93CH-3487144,Clasquin Board of Directors Appoints Accuracy as Independent Expert By Investing.com,Clasquin Board of Directors Appoints Accuracy as Independent Expert,LYON  France--(BUSINESS WIRE)--Regulatory News:Clasquin (Paris:ALCLA)  an air and sea freight forwarding and overseas logistics specialist  today announces the appointment of Accuracy  a firm represented by Henri Philippe (see contact details below)  as the independent expert tasked with preparing a report on the financial terms of the proposed tender offer (the Offer)  followed by a squeeze-out if the conditions are met  to be filed by SAS Shipping Agencies Services SÃ rl (SAS)  a subsidiary of MSC Mediterranean Shipping Company SA  for the Company's shares that it does not hold  at a price of €142.03 per share (the Offer)  by the end of 2024.This communication follows on from that of 28 March 20241 in which the Company announced that it would appoint an independent expert in connection with the planned Offer.As announced earlier  on 15 March 2024 the Company's Board of Directors set up an ad hoc committee composed of a majority of independent directors. On 5 June 2024  on the recommendation of this ad hoc committee  the Company's Board of Directors appointed Accuracy as the independent expert  in accordance with Article 261-1 I of the General Regulation of the French Financial Markets Authority (AMF).The appointment of the independent expert was required in application of Article 261-1  I  1 ° and 2 ° and Article 261-1  II of the AMF General Regulation  in order to prepare a report on the financial terms of the Offer and the squeeze-out  if implemented.After reviewing this report  including the fairness opinion issued by the independent expert  the Company's Board of Directors will issue a reasoned opinion on the Offer and its consequences for the Company  its shareholders and its employees. This reasoned opinion and the independent expert's report will be made public in connection with the draft reply document  whose filing with the AMF will be announced in a future Company press release.Independent expert contact detailsCabinet AccuracyHenri Philippe16 avenue Matignon75008 ParisPhone: +33 (0)1 58 75 75 10henri.philippe@accuracy.comUPCOMING EVENTS (publication after market closure)Thursday 25 July 2024: Q2 2024 business reportTuesday 17 September 2024: H1 2024 resultsTuesday 29 October 2024: Q3 2024 business reportCLASQUIN is an air and sea freight forwarding and overseas logistics specialist. The Group designs and manages the entire overseas transport and logistics chain  organising and coordinating the flow of client shipments between France and the rest of the world and  more specifically  to and from Asia-Pacific  North America  North Africa and sub-Saharan Africa.Its shares are listed on EURONEXT GROWTH  ISIN FR0004152882  Reuters ALCLA.PA and Bloomberg ALCLA FP. Read more at www.clasquin.com.CLASQUIN confirms for FY 2023 the eligibility of its share for the PEA-PME share savings plan (Article L. 221-32-2 of the French Monetary and Financial Code).LEI: 9695004FF6FA43KC4764_ _ _ _ _ _ ____1 See Clasquin press release dated 28 March 2024View source version on businesswire.com: https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20240617907861/en/CLASQUINPhilippe LONS “ Deputy Managing Director/Group CFODomitille CHATELAIN “ Group Head of Communication & MarketingCLASQUIN Group “ 235 cours Lafayette “ 69006 LyonTel.: +33 (0)4 72 83 17 00Source: Clasquin,neutral,0.07,0.92,0.01,positive,0.52,0.47,0.01,True,English,"['Clasquin Board', 'Independent Expert', 'Investing.com', 'Directors', 'Accuracy', 'SAS Shipping Agencies Services SÃ rl', 'MSC Mediterranean Shipping Company SA', 'PEA-PME share savings plan', 'French Financial Markets Authority', 'future Company press release', 'Independent expert contact details', 'sea freight forwarding', 'ad hoc committee', 'draft reply document', 'entire overseas transport', 'overseas logistics specialist', 'Clasquin press release', 'Bloomberg ALCLA FP', 'Q2 2024 business report', 'Q3 2024 business report', 'AMF General Regulation', 'French Monetary', 'BUSINESS WIRE', 'logistics chain', 'financial terms', 'Financial Code', 'fairness opinion', 'reasoned opinion', '16 avenue Matignon', 'UPCOMING EVENTS', 'market closure', 'H1 2024 results', 'The Group', 'client shipments', 'North America', 'North Africa', 'sub-Saharan Africa', 'EURONEXT GROWTH', 'Reuters ALCLA', 'Group CFO', 'Domitille CHATELAIN', 'Group Head', '235 cours Lafayette', 'Philippe LONS', 'Regulatory News', 'independent directors', 'source version', 'Henri Philippe', 'CLASQUIN Group', 'Cabinet Accuracy', 'Article L.', 'tender offer', 'LYON', 'France', 'Paris', 'appointment', 'firm', 'conditions', 'subsidiary', 'shares', 'price', 'communication', '28 March', 'connection', 'planned', '15 March', 'Board', 'majority', '5 June', 'recommendation', 'accordance', 'application', 'order', 'consequences', 'shareholders', 'employees', 'filing', 'Phone', 'publication', 'Thursday', 'July', 'Tuesday', 'September', 'October', 'flow', 'rest', 'world', 'Asia-Pacific', 'FY', 'eligibility', 'LEI', '9695004FF6FA43KC4764', 'businesswire', 'Marketing', 'Tel.', '1 °', '2 °']",2024-06-17,2024-06-18,investing.com
42889,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/SOLUTIONS-30-SE-47041212/news/Solutions30-Annual-General-Meeting-Results-June-17-2024-46987134/,Solutions30 Annual General Meeting Results - June 17  2024,(marketscreener.com) Approval of 2023 financial statementsAppointment of a statutory auditor for the sustainability reportApproval of all resolutions The Solutions 30 SE General Meeting was held in Luxembourg on June 17  2024  chaired by Gianbeppi Fortis  Cha…,Approval of 2023 financial statementsAppointment of a statutory auditor for the sustainability reportApproval of all resolutionsThe Solutions 30 SE General Meeting was held in Luxembourg on June 17  2024  chaired by Gianbeppi Fortis  Chairman of the Management Board.All resolutions proposed at the Annual General Meeting were adopted  including:Approval of the annual accounts and the consolidated accounts of the Company for the financial year ended on 31 December 2023  and allocation of results;Re-appointment of PKF Audit & Conseil S. à r.l. as approved statutory auditor;Appointment of an approved auditor  PKF  in relation to the assurance opinion on the sustainability reporting included in the management report for the financial year 2024  if and as required;Annual remuneration of the Supervisory Board members;Remuneration report (advisory vote);Long term incentive plan (advisory vote);Authorisation to the Management Board  for a maximum period of five years to repurchase shares of the CompanyRegarding the Extraordinary General Meeting  as the quorum was not reached  it will be reconvened to decide on the two resolutions concerning the regrouping of shares  in accordance with current provisions.The Company thanks its shareholders for their support and trust. Their mobilization and the adoption of all resolutions enable the company to continue implementing its concrete action plan  in order to pursue its development and its profitable growth  to the best interest of all its stakeholders.The voting results will be available today on the Group's website: www.solutions30.com.About Solutions30 SESolutions30 provides consumers and businesses with access to the key technological advancements that are shaping our everyday lives  especially those driving the digital transformation and energy transition. With its network of more than 16 000 technicians  Solutions30 has completed over 65 million call-outs since its inception and led over 500 renewable energy projects with a combined maximum output surpassing 1 000 MWp. In pursuing its vision of a more connected and sustainable world  Solutions30 has become an industry leader in Europe with operations in 10 countries: France  Italy  Germany  the Netherlands  Belgium  Luxembourg  Spain  Portugal  the United Kingdom  and Poland.The capital of Solutions30 SE consists of 107 127 984 shares  equal to the number of theoretical votes that can be exercised. Solutions30 SE is listed on the Euronext Paris exchange (ISIN FR0013379484- code S30). Indexes: MSCI Europe ex-UK Small Cap | SBF 120 | CAC Mid 60 | NEXT 150 | CAC Technology | CAC PME.Visit our website for more information: www.solutions30.comContactIndividual Shareholders:actionnaires@solutions30.com – Tel: +33 (0)1 86 86 00 63Analysts/Investors:investor.relations@solutions30.comPress - Image 7:Charlotte Le Barbier - Tel: +33 6 78 37 27 60 - clebarbier@image7.frAttachment,neutral,0.02,0.98,0.01,positive,0.77,0.22,0.01,True,English,"['Solutions30 Annual General Meeting Results', 'June', 'The Solutions 30 SE General Meeting', 'Long term incentive plan', 'Extraordinary General Meeting', 'Annual General Meeting', 'concrete action plan', 'key technological advancements', 'Euronext Paris exchange', 'UK Small Cap', 'Charlotte Le Barbier', '500 renewable energy projects', 'Supervisory Board members', 'The Company', 'energy transition', 'Management Board', 'annual accounts', 'Annual remuneration', 'Solutions30 SE', '2023 financial statements', 'sustainability report', 'Gianbeppi Fortis', 'consolidated accounts', 'financial year', 'Conseil S.', 'management report', 'Remuneration report', 'advisory vote', 'maximum period', 'five years', 'current provisions', 'profitable growth', 'best interest', 'everyday lives', 'digital transformation', '65 million call-outs', 'maximum output', 'sustainable world', 'industry leader', 'United Kingdom', 'theoretical votes', 'FR0013379484- code', 'CAC Mid', 'CAC Technology', 'CAC PME', 'statutory auditor', 'PKF Audit', 'voting results', 'MSCI Europe', 'Individual Shareholders', 'two resolutions', 'Approval', 'Appointment', 'Luxembourg', 'June', 'Chairman', '31 December', 'allocation', 'relation', 'assurance', 'opinion', 'Authorisation', 'shares', 'quorum', 'regrouping', 'accordance', 'support', 'trust', 'mobilization', 'adoption', 'order', 'development', 'stakeholders', 'website', 'consumers', 'businesses', 'access', 'network', '16,000 technicians', 'inception', '1,000 MWp', 'connected', 'operations', '10 countries', 'France', 'Italy', 'Germany', 'Netherlands', 'Belgium', 'Spain', 'Portugal', 'Poland', 'capital', 'number', 'Indexes', 'SBF', 'information', 'Contact', 'actionnaires', 'Tel', 'Investors', 'Press', 'Image', 'clebarbier', 'Attachment']",2024-06-17,2024-06-18,marketscreener.com
42890,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2024/06/17/2899578/0/en/STMicroelectronics-Announces-Status-of-Common-Share-Repurchase-Program.html,STMicroelectronics Announces Status of Common Share Repurchase Program,STMicroelectronics Announces Status ofCommon Share Repurchase Program  Disclosure of Transactions in Own Shares – Period from Jun 10  2024 to Jun 14  2024...,STMicroelectronics Announces Status ofCommon Share Repurchase ProgramDisclosure of Transactions in Own Shares – Period from Jun 10  2024 to Jun 14  2024AMSTERDAM – June 17  2024 -- STMicroelectronics N.V. (the “Company” or “STMicroelectronics”)  a global semiconductor leader serving customers across the spectrum of electronics applications  announces full details of its common share repurchase program (the “Program”) disclosed via a press release dated July 1  2021. The Program was approved by a shareholder resolution dated May 27  2021 and by the supervisory board.STMicroelectronics N.V. (registered with the trade register under number 33194537) (LEI: 213800Z8NOHIKRI42W10) announces the repurchase (by a broker acting for the Company) on the regulated market of Euronext Paris  in the period between Jun 10  2024 to Jun 14  2024 (the “Period”)  of 264 874 ordinary shares (equal to 0.03% of its issued share capital) at the weighted average purchase price per share of EUR 40.5057 and for an overall price of EUR 10 728 917.42.The purpose of these transactions under article 5(2) of Regulation (EU) 596/2014 (the Market Abuse Regulation) was to meet obligations arising from debt financial instruments that are exchangeable into equity instruments.The shares may be held in treasury prior to being used for such purpose and  to the extent that they are not ultimately needed for such purpose  they may be used for any other lawful purpose under article 5(2) of the Market Abuse Regulation.Below is a summary of the repurchase transactions made in the course of the Period in relation to the ordinary shares of STMicroelectronics (ISIN: NL0000226223)  in detailed form.Transactions in PeriodDates of transaction Number of shares purchased Weighted average purchase price per share (EUR) Total amount paid (EUR) Market on which the shares were bought (MIC code) 6/10/2024 38 793 40.7389 1 580 384.15 XPAR 6/11/2024 57 376 40.6361 2 331 536.87 XPAR 6/12/2024 22 586 40.7441 920 246.24 XPAR 6/13/2024 65 000 40.9848 2 664 012.00 XPAR 6/14/2024 81 119 39.8518 3 232 738.16 XPAR Total for Period 264 874 40.5057 10 728 917.42Following the share buybacks detailed above  the Company holds in total 7 874 440 treasury shares  which represents approximately 0.9% of the Company’s issued share capital.In accordance with Article 5(1)(b) of the Market Abuse Regulation and Article 2(3) of Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) 2016/1052  a full breakdown of the individual trades in the Program are disclosed on the ST website (https://investors.st.com/stock-and-bond-information/share-buyback).About STMicroelectronicsAt ST  we are over 50 000 creators and makers of semiconductor technologies mastering the semiconductor supply chain with state-of-the-art manufacturing facilities. An integrated device manufacturer  we work with more than 200 000 customers and thousands of partners to design and build products  solutions  and ecosystems that address their challenges and opportunities  and the need to support a more sustainable world. Our technologies enable smarter mobility  more efficient power and energy management  and the wide-scale deployment of cloud-connected autonomous things. We are committed to achieving our goal to become carbon neutral on scope 1 and 2 and partially scope 3 by 2027. Further information can be found at www.st.com.For further information  please contact:INVESTOR RELATIONS:Céline BerthierGroup VP  Investor RelationsTel: +41.22.929.58.12celine.berthier@st.comMEDIA RELATIONS:Alexis BretonCorporate External CommunicationsTel: +33.6.59.16.79.08alexis.breton@st.comAttachment,neutral,0.03,0.96,0.01,negative,0.03,0.48,0.49,True,English,"['Common Share Repurchase Program', 'STMicroelectronics', 'Status', 'Céline Berthier Group VP', 'Common Share Repurchase Program', 'art manufacturing facilities', 'integrated device manufacturer', 'cloud-connected autonomous things', 'Corporate External Communications', 'global semiconductor leader', 'average purchase price', 'semiconductor supply chain', 'Commission Delegated Regulation', 'debt financial instruments', 'Market Abuse Regulation', 'STMicroelectronics N.V.', 'other lawful purpose', 'overall price', 'equity instruments', 'regulated market', 'share capital', 'share buybacks', 'semiconductor technologies', 'electronics applications', 'full details', 'press release', 'shareholder resolution', 'supervisory board', 'trade register', 'Euronext Paris', 'repurchase transactions', 'detailed form', 'MIC code', 'full breakdown', 'individual trades', 'sustainable world', 'smarter mobility', 'efficient power', 'energy management', 'wide-scale deployment', 'INVESTOR RELATIONS', 'MEDIA RELATIONS', 'Total amount', 'ST website', 'investors.st', 'Own Shares', '264,874 ordinary shares', 'Further information', 'Period Dates', '7,874,440 treasury shares', 'Alexis Breton', 'XPAR Total', 'Status', 'Disclosure', 'Jun', 'AMSTERDAM', 'Company', 'customers', 'spectrum', 'May', 'number', 'LEI', '213800Z8NOHIKRI42W', 'broker', 'article', 'obligations', 'extent', 'summary', 'course', 'ISIN', 'accordance', 'bond', '50,000 creators', 'makers', 'state', 'thousands', 'partners', 'products', 'solutions', 'ecosystems', 'challenges', 'opportunities', 'need', 'goal', 'scope', 'celine', 'Attachment']",2024-06-17,2024-06-18,globenewswire.com
42891,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/AZELIS-GROUP-NV-127080828/news/Azelis-Strengthens-Footprint-in-South-Africa-Through-the-Acquisition-of-CPS-Chemicals-Coatings-46987202/,Azelis : Strengthens Footprint in South Africa Through the Acquisition of CPS Chemicals (Coatings),(marketscreener.com)   Azelis Strengthens Footprint in South Africa Through the Acquisition of CPS Chemicals       17 Jun 2024 18:00 CEST    Subscribe     Issuer   Azelis Group NV      Regulatory News: ...https://www.marketscreener.…,"Azelis Strengthens Footprint in South Africa Through the Acquisition of CPS Chemicals (Coatings)Regulatory News:Azelis  a leading global innovation service provider in the specialty chemicals and food ingredients industry  announces that it has signed an agreement to acquire 100% of the shares of CPS Chemicals (Coatings) Pty Ltd ('CPS Chemicals (Coatings)')  a specialty chemicals distributor to the paint  ink  resins  paper  plastics  and rubber industries.The acquisition expands the group's footprint in South Africa  complementing Azelis' lateral value chain in the CASE segment. It will allow Azelis to serve customers better and accelerate growth in South Africa and the broader EMEA region.Founded in 1993  CPS Chemicals (Coatings) is a distributor of specialty chemicals mainly serving the paint and ink markets in South Africa. Located in Durban  the company employs 11 people  who maintain and develop a well-established market position owing to long-standing relationships with global principals and local customers. The company provides an extensive portfolio of products alongside dynamic service levels and technical expertise.Nicholas Colepeper  Managing Director of CPS Chemicals (Coatings)  comments:""By joining the dynamic world of Azelis  I am truly excited by the prospect of leveraging their vast expertise and innovative spirit to propel our company to new horizons. Together  we are ready to achieve remarkable milestones and redefine success.""Chris Sacy  Managing Director Azelis MEA  says:""I am delighted to welcome the CPS Chemicals (Coatings) teams to our company. Thanks to their experience and highly complementary portfolio  I am convinced that the combined offering of Azelis and CPS Chemicals (Coatings) will further strengthen our position us as one of the leading distributors of specialized CASE chemicals in South Africa.""Boston Moonsamy  Managing Director Azelis South Africa  adds:""The strategy of CPS Chemicals (Coatings) is perfectly aligned with Azelis' ""Innovation through formulation"" vision  looking to engage with customers on a technical level by offering solutions via the laboratories and R&D programs of its principals. CPS Chemicals (Coatings) will now be able to benefit from Azelis' global network of laboratories  as well as the technical and innovation experience and expertise of its teams.""- END -About AzelisAzelis is a leading global innovation service provider in the specialty chemical and food ingredients industry  present in 65 countries across the globe with over 4 200 employees. Our knowledgeable teams of industry  market and technical experts are each dedicated to a specific market within Life Sciences and Industrial Chemicals. We offer a lateral value chain of complementary products to more than 63 000 customers  supported by +2 800 principal relationships  creating a turnover of €4.2 billion (2023). Azelis Group NV is listed on Euronext Brussels under ticker AZE.Across our extensive network of more than 70 application laboratories  our award-winning staff help develop formulations and provide technical guidance throughout the customers' product development process. We combine a global market reach with a local footprint to offer a reliable  integrated  and unique digital service to local customers and attractive -business opportunities to principals. Top industry-rated by Sustainalytics  Azelis is a leader in sustainability. We believe in building and nurturing solid  honest and transparent relationships with our people and partners.Impact through ideas. Innovation through formulation.www.azelis.comView source version on businesswire.com:https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20240617851813/en/AzelisNoémie BruneauEMEA Corporate Communications Business PartnerT: +32 478 51 02 23E: noemie.bruneau@azelis.com",neutral,0.02,0.98,0.0,positive,0.87,0.12,0.01,True,English,"['South Africa', 'CPS Chemicals', 'Azelis', 'Footprint', 'Acquisition', 'Coatings', 'EMEA Corporate Communications Business Partner', 'leading global innovation service provider', 'Managing Director Azelis South Africa', ""customers' product development process"", 'Managing Director Azelis MEA', ""Azelis' lateral value chain"", 'broader EMEA region', 'unique digital service', 'dynamic service levels', 'R&D programs', 'attractive -business opportunities', 'global market reach', 'CPS Chemicals (Coatings) teams', 'food ingredients industry', 'Noémie Bruneau', 'specialized CASE chemicals', 'Azelis Group NV', 'specialty chemicals distributor', 'leading distributors', 'global network', 'global principals', 'CASE segment', 'dynamic world', 'knowledgeable teams', 'Industrial Chemicals', 'Regulatory News', 'Pty Ltd', 'rubber industries', 'long-standing relationships', 'extensive portfolio', 'Nicholas Colepeper', 'innovative spirit', 'new horizons', 'remarkable milestones', 'Chris Sacy', 'complementary portfolio', 'combined offering', 'Boston Moonsamy', 'specific market', 'Life Sciences', '+2,800 principal relationships', 'Euronext Brussels', 'extensive network', 'award-winning staff', 'solid, honest', 'transparent relationships', 'source version', 'local customers', 'technical level', 'technical experts', 'technical guidance', 'vast expertise', 'ink markets', 'market position', 'complementary products', 'technical expertise', '70 application laboratories', 'local footprint', '63,000 customers', 'Acquisition', 'agreement', 'shares', 'paint', 'resins', 'paper', 'plastics', 'growth', 'Durban', 'company', '11 people', 'comments', 'prospect', 'success', 'experience', 'strategy', 'formulation', 'vision', 'solutions', 'END', '65 countries', 'globe', '4,200 employees', 'turnover', 'ticker', 'Sustainalytics', 'leader', 'sustainability', 'partners', 'Impact', 'ideas', 'businesswire', 'noemie', '32']",2024-06-17,2024-06-18,marketscreener.com
42892,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.etfdailynews.com/2024/06/17/alamar-capital-management-llc-increases-stock-holdings-in-invesco-sp-500-equal-weight-etf-nysearcarsp/,Alamar Capital Management LLC Increases Stock Holdings in Invesco S&P 500 Equal Weight ETF (NYSEARCA:RSP),Alamar Capital Management LLC lifted its stake in Invesco S&P 500 Equal Weight ETF (NYSEARCA:RSP – Free Report) by 14.1% in the fourth quarter  Holdings Channel.com reports. The firm owned 1 658 shares of the company’s stock after buying an additional 205 sha…,Alamar Capital Management LLC lifted its stake in Invesco S&P 500 Equal Weight ETF (NYSEARCA:RSP – Free Report) by 14.1% in the fourth quarter  Holdings Channel.com reports. The firm owned 1 658 shares of the company’s stock after buying an additional 205 shares during the period. Alamar Capital Management LLC’s holdings in Invesco S&P 500 Equal Weight ETF were worth $262 000 at the end of the most recent quarter.Other institutional investors and hedge funds have also recently modified their holdings of the company. Morgan Stanley lifted its stake in shares of Invesco S&P 500 Equal Weight ETF by 12.8% during the 3rd quarter. Morgan Stanley now owns 18 941 150 shares of the company’s stock worth $2 683 772 000 after acquiring an additional 2 153 993 shares during the last quarter. Truist Financial Corp lifted its stake in shares of Invesco S&P 500 Equal Weight ETF by 1.5% during the 3rd quarter. Truist Financial Corp now owns 7 814 755 shares of the company’s stock worth $1 107 273 000 after acquiring an additional 112 526 shares during the last quarter. UBS Group AG lifted its stake in shares of Invesco S&P 500 Equal Weight ETF by 1.5% during the 4th quarter. UBS Group AG now owns 6 039 483 shares of the company’s stock worth $953 030 000 after acquiring an additional 90 811 shares during the last quarter. Clal Insurance Enterprises Holdings Ltd bought a new stake in shares of Invesco S&P 500 Equal Weight ETF during the 4th quarter worth approximately $860 010 000. Finally  Invesco Ltd. lifted its stake in shares of Invesco S&P 500 Equal Weight ETF by 15.6% during the 3rd quarter. Invesco Ltd. now owns 4 521 037 shares of the company’s stock worth $640 586 000 after acquiring an additional 609 306 shares during the last quarter.Get Invesco S&P 500 Equal Weight ETF alerts:Invesco S&P 500 Equal Weight ETF Stock Down 0.6 %Shares of NYSEARCA RSP opened at $163.68 on Monday. The business has a fifty day simple moving average of $164.21 and a two-hundred day simple moving average of $161.10. The firm has a market cap of $54.82 billion  a PE ratio of 20.44 and a beta of 0.90. Invesco S&P 500 Equal Weight ETF has a twelve month low of $133.34 and a twelve month high of $169.80.Invesco S&P 500 Equal Weight ETF ProfileGuggenheim S&P 500 Equal Weight ETF  formerly Rydex S&P 500 Equal Weight ETF  seeks to replicate as closely as possible  the daily performance of the S&P 500 Equal Weight Index (the Index). The Index is a capitalization-weighted index covering 500 industrial  utility  transportation and financial companies of the United States markets (mostly NYSE Euronext issues).Read MoreWant to see what other hedge funds are holding RSP? Visit HoldingsChannel.com to get the latest 13F filings and insider trades for Invesco S&P 500 Equal Weight ETF (NYSEARCA:RSP – Free Report).Receive News & Ratings for Invesco S&P 500 Equal Weight ETF Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Invesco S&P 500 Equal Weight ETF and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.,neutral,0.01,0.98,0.0,neutral,0.03,0.96,0.01,True,English,"['Invesco S&P 500 Equal Weight ETF', 'Alamar Capital Management LLC', 'Stock Holdings', 'NYSEARCA', 'RSP', 'Invesco S&P 500 Equal Weight ETF alerts', 'Invesco S&P 500 Equal Weight ETF Profile', 'Invesco S&P 500 Equal Weight ETF Stock', 'Guggenheim S&P 500 Equal Weight ETF', 'Rydex S&P 500 Equal Weight ETF', 'S&P 500 Equal Weight Index', 'fifty day simple moving average', 'two-hundred day simple moving average', 'Clal Insurance Enterprises Holdings Ltd', 'Alamar Capital Management LLC', 'FREE daily email newsletter', 'Other institutional investors', 'UBS Group AG', 'United States markets', 'NYSE Euronext issues', 'concise daily summary', 'Invesco Ltd.', 'Truist Financial Corp', 'latest 13F filings', 'twelve month low', 'other hedge funds', 'Holdings Channel.com', 'daily performance', 'email address', 'Free Report', 'financial companies', 'The Index', 'capitalization-weighted index', 'fourth quarter', 'recent quarter', 'Morgan Stanley', '3rd quarter', 'last quarter', '4th quarter', 'market cap', 'PE ratio', 'insider trades', 'latest news', 'related companies', 'MarketBeat.com', 'NYSEARCA:RSP', 'NYSEARCA RSP', ""analysts' ratings"", 'additional 205 shares', 'additional 2,153,993 shares', 'additional 112,526 shares', 'additional 90,811 shares', 'additional 609,306 shares', 'new stake', '1,658 shares', '18,941,150 shares', '7,814,755 shares', '6,039,483 shares', '4,521,037 shares', 'firm', 'company', 'period', 'end', 'Monday', 'business', 'beta', 'transportation', 'HoldingsChannel']",2024-06-17,2024-06-18,etfdailynews.com
42893,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.etfdailynews.com/2024/06/17/stock-traders-purchase-large-volume-of-put-options-on-invesco-sp-500-equal-weight-etf-nysearcarsp/,Stock Traders Purchase Large Volume of Put Options on Invesco S&P 500 Equal Weight ETF (NYSEARCA:RSP),Invesco S&P 500 Equal Weight ETF (NYSEARCA:RSP – Get Free Report) saw some unusual options trading activity on Monday. Investors purchased 20 008 put options on the company. This represents an increase of 137% compared to the typical daily volume of 8 430 put…,Invesco S&P 500 Equal Weight ETF (NYSEARCA:RSP – Get Free Report) saw some unusual options trading activity on Monday. Investors purchased 20 008 put options on the company. This represents an increase of 137% compared to the typical daily volume of 8 430 put options.Hedge Funds Weigh In On Invesco S&P 500 Equal Weight ETFInstitutional investors and hedge funds have recently made changes to their positions in the business. Everett Harris & Co. CA boosted its stake in shares of Invesco S&P 500 Equal Weight ETF by 1.4% during the 1st quarter. Everett Harris & Co. CA now owns 4 696 shares of the company’s stock worth $795 000 after purchasing an additional 65 shares during the period. Castle Rock Wealth Management LLC lifted its holdings in Invesco S&P 500 Equal Weight ETF by 1.2% during the 4th quarter. Castle Rock Wealth Management LLC now owns 5 964 shares of the company’s stock valued at $926 000 after buying an additional 70 shares in the last quarter. Long Run Wealth Advisors LLC lifted its holdings in Invesco S&P 500 Equal Weight ETF by 3.8% during the 4th quarter. Long Run Wealth Advisors LLC now owns 1 929 shares of the company’s stock valued at $304 000 after buying an additional 70 shares in the last quarter. Principle Wealth Partners LLC lifted its holdings in Invesco S&P 500 Equal Weight ETF by 2.8% during the 1st quarter. Principle Wealth Partners LLC now owns 2 555 shares of the company’s stock valued at $433 000 after buying an additional 70 shares in the last quarter. Finally  Acorn Wealth Advisors LLC lifted its holdings in Invesco S&P 500 Equal Weight ETF by 0.5% during the 1st quarter. Acorn Wealth Advisors LLC now owns 14 589 shares of the company’s stock valued at $2 471 000 after buying an additional 70 shares in the last quarter.Get Invesco S&P 500 Equal Weight ETF alerts:Invesco S&P 500 Equal Weight ETF Stock PerformanceShares of NYSEARCA:RSP traded up $0.05 on Monday  reaching $163.73. The company’s stock had a trading volume of 1 395 758 shares  compared to its average volume of 6 107 142. Invesco S&P 500 Equal Weight ETF has a 52-week low of $133.34 and a 52-week high of $169.80. The company has a market cap of $54.84 billion  a P/E ratio of 20.44 and a beta of 0.90. The company has a 50-day simple moving average of $164.21 and a 200 day simple moving average of $161.10.About Invesco S&P 500 Equal Weight ETFGuggenheim S&P 500 Equal Weight ETF  formerly Rydex S&P 500 Equal Weight ETF  seeks to replicate as closely as possible  the daily performance of the S&P 500 Equal Weight Index (the Index). The Index is a capitalization-weighted index covering 500 industrial  utility  transportation and financial companies of the United States markets (mostly NYSE Euronext issues).Featured ArticlesReceive News & Ratings for Invesco S&P 500 Equal Weight ETF Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Invesco S&P 500 Equal Weight ETF and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.,neutral,0.02,0.98,0.0,positive,0.63,0.36,0.02,True,English,"['Invesco S&P 500 Equal Weight ETF', 'Stock Traders', 'Large Volume', 'Put Options', 'NYSEARCA', 'RSP', 'Invesco S&P 500 Equal Weight ETF Stock Performance', 'Invesco S&P 500 Equal Weight ETF alerts', 'Guggenheim S&P 500 Equal Weight ETF', 'Rydex S&P 500 Equal Weight ETF', 'S&P 500 Equal Weight Index', 'Castle Rock Wealth Management LLC', 'Long Run Wealth Advisors LLC', 'Acorn Wealth Advisors LLC', 'Principle Wealth Partners LLC', '50-day simple moving average', '200 day simple moving average', 'unusual options trading activity', 'FREE daily email newsletter', 'United States markets', 'NYSE Euronext issues', 'concise daily summary', 'typical daily volume', 'daily performance', 'average volume', 'trading volume', 'Free Report', 'email address', '20,008 put options', '8,430 put options', 'The Index', 'capitalization-weighted index', 'NYSEARCA:RSP', 'Hedge Funds', 'Everett Harris', 'Co. CA', '1st quarter', '4th quarter', 'last quarter', '52-week low', '52-week high', 'market cap', 'P/E ratio', 'financial companies', 'Featured Articles', 'related companies', 'MarketBeat.com', 'Institutional investors', 'latest news', ""analysts' ratings"", 'additional 65 shares', 'additional 70 shares', '4,696 shares', '5,964 shares', '1,929 shares', '2,555 shares', '14,589 shares', '1,395,758 shares', 'Get', 'Monday', 'company', 'increase', 'changes', 'positions', 'business', 'stake', 'period', 'holdings', 'beta', 'transportation']",2024-06-17,2024-06-18,etfdailynews.com
42894,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/ROYAL-KPN-N-V-6287/news/Royal-KPN-N-Offering-Circular-KPN-500m-4-875-Green-Hybrid-Securities-XS2824778075-46986882/,Royal KPN N : Offering Circular KPN 500m 4.875% Green Hybrid Securities (XS2824778075),(marketscreener.com)   OFFERING CIRCULAR DATED 14 JUNE 2024   KONINKLIJKE KPN N.V.   (Incorporated in the Netherlands as a public limited company   with its corporate seat in Rotterdam  the Netherlands)   €500 000 000 Perpetual Fixed Rate Resett…,"OFFERING CIRCULAR DATED 14 JUNE 2024 KONINKLIJKE KPN N.V. (Incorporated in the Netherlands as a public limited company with its corporate seat in Rotterdam  the Netherlands) €500 000 000 Perpetual Fixed Rate Resettable Capital Securities ______________________________________ Issue Price: 99.682 per cent. ______________________________________ The €500 000 000 Perpetual Fixed Rate Resettable Capital Securities (the Securities) will be issued by Koninklijke KPN N.V. (the Issuer) on 18 June 2024 (the Issue Date). The Securities will bear interest on their principal amount from (and including) the Issue Date to (but excluding) 18 September 2029 (the First Reset Date) at a rate of 4.875 per cent. per annum  payable annually in arrear on 18 September in each year  except that the first payment of interest  to be made on 18 September 2024  will be in respect of the period from (and including) the Issue Date to (but excluding) 18 September 2024 and will amount to €12.25 per €1 000 in principal amount of the Securities. Thereafter  unless previously redeemed  the Securities will bear interest from (and including) 18 September 2029 to (but excluding) 18 September 2034 at a rate per annum which shall be 1.972 per cent. above the Reset Reference Rate (as defined in the Terms and Conditions of the Securities (the Conditions)) for the relevant Reset Period (as defined in the Conditions)  payable annually in arrear on 18 September in each year. From (and including) 18 September 2034 to (but excluding) 18 September 2049 the Securities will bear interest at a rate per annum which shall be 2.222 per cent. above the Reset Reference Rate for the relevant Reset Period  payable annually in arrear on 18 September in each year. From (and including) 18 September 2049 the Securities will bear interest at a rate per annum which shall be 2.792 per cent. above the Reset Reference Rate for the relevant Reset Period payable annually in arrear on 18 September in each year  all as more particularly described in ""Terms and Conditions of the Securities - Interest Payments"". If the Issuer does not elect to redeem the Securities in accordance with Condition 6(g) following the occurrence of a Change of Control Event (as defined in the Conditions)  the then prevailing interest rate per annum (and each subsequent interest rate per annum otherwise determined in accordance with the Conditions) shall be increased by 5 percentage points per annum with effect from (and including) the date on which the Change of Control Event occurred  see ""Terms and Conditions of the Securities - Interest Payments - Step-up after Change of Control"". The Issuer may  at its discretion  elect to defer all or part of any payment of interest on the Securities as more particularly described in ""Terms and Conditions of the Securities - Optional Interest Deferral"". Any amounts so deferred  together with further interest accrued thereon (at the interest rate per annum prevailing from time to time)  shall constitute Arrears of Interest (as defined in the Conditions). The Issuer may pay outstanding Arrears of Interest  in whole or in part  at any time in accordance with the Conditions. Notwithstanding this  the Issuer shall pay any outstanding Arrears of Interest  in whole but not in part  on the first Mandatory Settlement Date  all as more particularly described in ""Terms and Conditions of the Securities - Optional Interest Deferral - Mandatory Settlement"". The Securities will be perpetual securities in respect of which there is no fixed redemption date and shall be redeemable (at the option of the Issuer) in whole but not in part at any time from (and including) 18 June 2029 (the First Call Date) to (and including) the First Reset Date  and thereafter  on each applicable Interest Payment Date (as defined in the Conditions)  at the principal amount of the Securities  together with any accrued and unpaid interest up to (but excluding) such date and any outstanding Arrears of Interest. Following the exercise by the Issuer at any time other than during the period from (and including) the First Call Date to (and including) the First Reset Date or upon any subsequent Interest Payment Date  of the Make-whole Redemption  the Securities may be redeemed  in whole but not in part  at their Make-wholeRedemption Amount (as defined in the Conditions). In addition  upon the occurrence of an Accounting Event  a Change of Control Event  a Rating Event  a Substantial Repurchase Event  a Tax Deduction Event or a Withholding Tax Event by the Issuer (each such term as defined in the Conditions)  the Securities shall be redeemable (at the option of the Issuer) in whole but not in part at the prices set out  and as more particularly described  in ""Terms and Conditions of the Securities - Redemption  Exchange and Variation"". In addition  subject to certain conditions  the Issuer may exchange the Securities for new securities or vary the terms of the Securities without any consent of the Holders upon the occurrence of a Tax Deduction Event  an Accounting Event  a Rating Event or a Withholding Tax Event as more particularly described in ""Terms and Conditions of the Securities - Redemption  Exchange and Variation"". The Securities will be unsecured securities of the Issuer and will constitute subordinated obligations of the Issuer  all as more particularly described in ""Terms and Conditions of the Securities - Status""  and ""Terms and Conditions of the Securities - Subordination"". Payments in respect of the Securities shall be made free and clear of  and without withholding or deduction for  or on account of  taxes of the Netherlands  unless such withholding or deduction is required by law. In the event that any such withholding or deduction is made  additional amounts may be payable by the Issuer  subject to certain exceptions as are more fully described in ""Terms and Conditions of the Securities - Taxation"". This Offering Circular does not comprise a prospectus for the purposes of Article 8 of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 (the Prospectus Regulation). Application has been made to The Irish Stock Exchange plc trading as Euronext Dublin (Euronext Dublin) for the approval of this Offering Circular as Listing Particulars. Application has been made to Euronext Dublin for the Securities to be admitted to the official list (the Official List) and to trading on the Global Exchange Market of Euronext Dublin (GEM). References in this Offering Circular to the Securities being ""listed"" (and all related references) shall mean that the Securities have been admitted to the Official List and have been admitted to trading on GEM. GEM is the exchange regulated market of Euronext Dublin and is not a regulated market in the EEA for the purposes of Directive 2014/65/EU. The Securities have not been and will not be registered under the Securities Act of 1933  as amended (the Securities Act) or under any securities laws of any state or other jurisdiction of the United States and are subject to U.S. tax law requirements. The Securities may not be offered  sold  transferred or delivered  directly or indirectly  within the United States or to  or for the account or benefit of  U.S. persons except pursuant to an applicable exemption from  or in a transaction not subject to  the registration requirements of the Securities Act and applicable state and other securities laws of the United States. There will be no public offer of the Securities in the United States. The Securities are being offered and sold in offshore transactions in compliance with Regulation S under the Securities Act (Regulation S). The Securities will initially be represented by a temporary global security (the Temporary Global Security)  without coupons or talons  which will be deposited with a common depositary on behalf of Euroclear Bank SA/NV (Euroclear) and Clearstream Banking  S.A. (Clearstream  Luxembourg) on or about the Issue Date. The Temporary Global Security will be exchangeable for interests in a permanent global security (the Permanent Global Security and  together with the Temporary Global Security  the Global Securities)  without coupons or talons  on or after a date which is expected to be 28 July 2024  upon certification as to non-U.S. beneficial ownership. See ""Summary of Provisions relating to the Securities while in Global Form"". The Securities are expected to be rated BB+ by S&P Global Ratings Europe Limited (S&P) and BB+ by Fitch Ratings Ireland Ltd. (Fitch) (each a Rating Agency). Each of S&P and Fitch is established in the European Union and is registered under Regulation (EC) No. 1060/2009 (as amended) of the European Parliament and of the Council of 16 September 2009 on credit rating agencies (the CRA Regulation). A rating is not a recommendation to buy  sell or hold securities and may be subject to suspension  reduction or withdrawal at any time by the assigning rating agency. The determination of the Reset Reference Rate in respect of the Securities is dependent upon the mid-swap rate for euro interest rate swaps with a term of 5 (five) years as displayed on Reuters screen ""ICESWAP2"" as at 11:00 a.m. (Central European time) provided by ICE Benchmark Administration Limited and the 6- month EURIBOR rate administered by the European Money Markets Institute. As at the date of this Offering Circular  the European Money Markets Institute is included in the register of administrators and benchmarks established and maintained by the European Securities and Markets Authority (ESMA) pursuant to Article 36 of Regulation (EU) No 2016/1011  as amended (the EU Benchmarks Regulation).ICE Benchmark Administration Limited does not appear on the register of administrators and benchmarks established and maintained by ESMA pursuant to Article 36 of the Benchmarks Regulation. However  the transitional provisions in Article 51 of the Benchmarks Regulation apply  such that ICE Benchmark Administration Limited is not currently required to obtain recognition  endorsement or equivalence. Prospective investors should have regard to the factors described under the section headed ""Risk Factors"" in this Offering Circular. Joint Lead Managers ABN AMRO BNP PARIBAS Goldman Sachs Bank Europe SE ING IMI - Intesa SanpaoloThe Issuer accepts responsibility for the information contained in this Offering Circular. To the best of the knowledge of the Issuer (which has taken all reasonable care to ensure that such is the case)  the information contained in this Offering Circular is in accordance with the facts and does not omit anything likely to affect the import of such information. This Offering Circular is to be read in conjunction with all the documents which are incorporated herein by reference (see ""Documents Incorporated by Reference""). This Offering Circular does not constitute an offer of  or an invitation by or on behalf of the Issuer or the Joint Lead Managers (as defined in ""Subscription and Sale"" below) to subscribe or purchase  any of the Securities. The distribution of this Offering Circular and the offering of the Securities in certain jurisdictions may be restricted by law. Persons into whose possession this Offering Circular comes are required by the Issuer and the Joint Lead Managers to inform themselves about and to observe any such restrictions. For a description of further restrictions on offers and sales of Securities and distribution of this Offering Circular  see ""Subscription and Sale"" below. No person is authorised to give any information or to make any representation not contained in this Offering Circular and any information or representation not so contained must not be relied upon as having been authorised by or on behalf of the Issuer or the Joint Lead Managers. Neither the delivery of this Offering Circular nor any sale made in connection herewith shall  under any circumstances  create any implication that there has been no change in the affairs of the Issuer since the date hereof or the date upon which this Offering Circular has been most recently amended or supplemented or that there has been no adverse change in the financial position of the Issuer since the date hereof or the date upon which this Offering Circular has been most recently amended or supplemented or that the information contained in it or any other information supplied in connection with the Securities is correct as of any time subsequent to the date on which it is supplied or  if different  the date indicated in the document containing the same. To the greatest extent permitted by law  the Joint Lead Managers  the Agents and the Trustee accept no responsibility whatsoever for the contents of this Offering Circular or for any other statement  made or purported to be made by a Joint Lead Manager  the Agents or the Trustee or on its behalf in connection with the Issuer or the issue and offering of the Securities. Each of the Joint Lead Managers  the Agents and the Trustee accordingly disclaims all and any liability whether arising in tort or contract or otherwise (save as referred to above) which it might otherwise have in respect of this Offering Circular or any such statement. THE SECURITIES REFERENCED IN THIS DOCUMENT MAY NOT BE DISTRIBUTED IN OR INTO THE UNITED STATES OR JAPAN. ANY FORWARDING  REDISTRIBUTION OR REPRODUCTION OF THIS DOCUMENT IN WHOLE OR IN PART IS UNAUTHORISED. FAILURE TO COMPLY WITH THIS NOTICE MAY RESULT IN A VIOLATION OF THE SECURITIES ACT OR THE APPLICABLE LAWS OF OTHER JURISDICTIONS. NOTHING IN THIS OFFERING CIRCULAR CONSTITUTES AN OFFER OF SECURITIES FOR SALE IN THE UNITED STATES OR JAPAN OR ANY OTHER JURISDICTION WHERE IT IS UNLAWFUL TO DO SO. THE SECURITIES HAVE NOT BEEN AND WILL NOT BE REGISTERED UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OR WITH ANY SECURITIES REGULATORY AUTHORITY OF ANY STATE OR OTHER JURISDICTION OF THE UNITED STATES OR IN ANY OTHER JURISDICTION AND MAY NOT BE OFFERED  SOLD  PLEDGED OR OTHERWISE TRANSFERRED EXCEPT (1) IN THE UNITED STATES EXCEPT IN ACCORDANCE WITH AN APPLICABLE EXEMPTION FROM THE REGISTRATION REQUIREMENTS OF THE SECURITIES ACT OR (2) IN AN OFFSHORE TRANSACTION IN ACCORDANCE WITH RULE 903 OR RULE 904 OF REGULATION S 4UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT  IN EACH CASE IN ACCORDANCE WITH ANY APPLICABLE SECURITIES LAWS OF ANY STATE OF THE UNITED STATES OR PURSUANT TO AN EXEMPTION FROM  OR IN A TRANSACTION NOT SUBJECT TO  THE REGISTRATION REQUIREMENTS OF THE SECURITIES ACT AND APPLICABLE STATE OR LOCAL SECURITIES LAWS. MIFID II product governance / Professional investors and ECPs only target market - Solely for the purposes of each manufacturer's product approval process  the target market assessment in respect of the Securities has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the Securities is eligible counterparties and professional clients only  each as defined in Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended  MiFID II); and (ii) all channels for distribution of the Securities to eligible counterparties and professional clients are appropriate. Any person subsequently offering  selling or recommending the Securities (a distributor) should take into consideration the manufacturers' target market assessment; however  a distributor subject to MiFID II is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Securities (by either adopting or refining the manufacturers' target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels. PRIIPs Regulation / Prohibition of sales to EEA retail investors - The Securities are not intended to be offered  sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered  sold or otherwise made available to any retail investor in the European Economic Area (EEA). For these purposes  a retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or (ii) a customer within the meaning of Directive 2016/97/EU (the Insurance Distribution Directive)  where that customer would not qualify as a professional client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II. Consequently no key information document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 (as amended  the PRIIPs Regulation) for offering or selling the Securities or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the EEA has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Securities or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the EEA may be unlawful under the PRIIPs Regulation. UK PRIIPs Regulation / Prohibition of sales to UK retail investors - The Securities are not intended to be offered  sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered  sold or otherwise made available to any retail investor in the United Kingdom (UK). For these purposes  a retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it forms part of domestic law of the UK by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (EUWA); or (ii) a customer within the meaning of the provisions of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 (FSMA) and any rules or regulations made under the FSMA to implement Directive (EU) 2016/97  where that customer would not qualify as a professional client  as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law of the UK by virtue of the EUWA. Consequently no key information document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 as it forms part of domestic law of the UK by virtue of the EUWA (the UK PRIIPs Regulation) for offering or selling the Securities or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the UK has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Securities or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the UK may be unlawful under the UK PRIIPs Regulation. The Joint Lead Managers do not accept any responsibility for any third party social  environmental and sustainability assessment of any Securities or makes any representation or warranty or assurance whether the Securities will meet any investor expectations or requirements regarding such ""green"" or similar labels. The Managers are not responsible for the monitoring of the use of proceeds for the Securities. No representation or assurance is given by the Joint Lead Managers as to the suitability or reliability of the Issuer's Green Finance Framework (as defined herein) or any opinion or certification of any third party made available in connection with an 5issue of Securities and any such opinion or certification is not a recommendation by any Joint Lead Manager to buy  sell or hold any such Securities. In the event any such Securities are listed or admitted to trading on a dedicated ""green"" or other equivalently-labelled segment of a stock exchange or securities market  no representation or assurance is given by the Managers that such listing or admission will be obtained or maintained for the lifetime of the Securities. The Issuer's exposure to Environmental  Social and Governance (ESG) risks  and the related management arrangements established to mitigate those risks has been assessed by several agencies  including Carbon Disclosure Project  Dutch Sustainable Brand Index  Ecovadis and MSCI  through environmental  social and governance ratings (ESG ratings). ESG ratings may vary amongst ESG ratings agencies as the methodologies used to determine ESG ratings may differ. The Issuer's ESG ratings are not necessarily indicative of its current or future operating or financial performance  or any future ability to service the Securities and are only current as of the dates on which they were initially issued. Prospective investors must determine for themselves the relevance of any such ESG ratings information contained in this Offering Circular or elsewhere in making an investment decision. Furthermore  ESG ratings shall not be deemed to be a recommendation by the Issuer or any other person to buy  sell or hold the Securities. Currently  the providers of such ESG ratings are not subject to any regulatory or other similar oversight in respect of their determination and award of ESG ratings. For more information regarding the evaluation methodologies used to determine ESG ratings  please refer to the relevant ratings agency's website (which website does not form a part of  nor is incorporated by reference in  this Offering Circular). The Securities may not be a suitable investment for all investors. Each potential investor in the Securities must determine the suitability of that investment in light of its own circumstances. In particular  each potential investor should: have sufficient knowledge and experience to make a meaningful evaluation of the Securities  the merits and risks of investing in the Securities and the information contained or incorporated by reference in this Offering Circular or any applicable supplement; have access to  and knowledge of  appropriate analytical tools to evaluate  in the context of its particular financial situation  an investment in the Securities and the impact the Securities will have on its overall investment portfolio; have sufficient financial resources and liquidity to bear all of the risks of an investment in the Securities  including where principal or interest is payable in one or more currencies  or where the currency for principal or interest payments is different from the potential investor's currency; understand thoroughly the terms of the Securities and be familiar with the behaviour of the relevant financial markets and of any financial variable which might have an impact on the return on the Securities; and be able to evaluate (either alone or with the help of a financial adviser) possible scenarios for economic  interest rate and other factors that may affect its investment and its ability to bear the applicable risks. The Securities are complex financial instruments and such instruments may be purchased by potential investors as a way to reduce risk or enhance yield with an understood  measured  appropriate addition of risk to their overall portfolios. A potential investor should not invest in the Securities unless it has the expertise (either alone or with a financial adviser) to evaluate how the Securities will perform under changing conditions  the resulting effects on the value of the Securities and the impact this investment will have on the potential investor's overall investment portfolio. 6Prospective investors should also consult their own tax advisers as to the tax consequences of the purchase  ownership and disposition of the Securities. The investment activities of certain investors are subject to legal investment laws and regulations  or review or regulation by certain authorities. Each potential investor should consult its legal advisers to determine whether and to what extent (1) the Securities are legal investments for it  the Securities can be used as collateral for various types of borrowing and (3) other restrictions apply to its purchase or pledge of any of the Securities. Financial institutions should consult their legal advisers or the appropriate regulators to determine the appropriate treatment of Securities under any applicable risk-based capital or similar rules. Unless otherwise specified or the context requires  references to €  EUR and euro are to the lawful currency introduced at the start of the third stage of European Economic and Monetary Union pursuant to the Treaty establishing the European Community and references to U.S.$  USD and dollars are to the lawful currency of the United States of America. References to the Issuer and KPN are to Koninklijke KPN N.V. and  as the context requires  any or all of its subsidiaries and consolidated joint ventures. Any forward looking statements contained in this Offering Circular speak only as at the date of this Offering Circular. Without prejudice to any requirements under applicable laws and regulations  the Issuer expressly disclaims any obligation or undertaking to disseminate after the date of this Offering Circular any updates or revisions to any forward looking statements contained herein to reflect any change in expectations thereof or any change in events  conditions or circumstances on which any such forward looking statement is based. In connection with the issue of the Securities  ING Bank N.V. (the Stabilisation Manager) (or any person acting on behalf of the Stabilisation Manager) may over-allot Securities or effect transactions with a view to supporting the market price of the Securities at a level higher than that which might otherwise prevail. However  stabilisation may not necessarily occur. Any stabilisation action may begin on or after the date on which adequate public disclosure of the terms of the offer of the Securities is made and  if begun  may cease at any time  but it must end no later than the earlier of 30 days after the issue date of the Securities and 60 days after the date of the allotment of the Securities. Any stabilisation action or over-allotment must be conducted by the Stabilisation Manager (or any person acting on behalf of the Stabilisation Manager) in accordance with all applicable laws and rules. 7DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE The following documents (together  the Documents Incorporated by Reference) which have previously been published or are published simultaneously with this Offering Circular and have been filed with Euronext Dublin shall be incorporated by reference in  and form part of  this Offering Circular: the articles of association of the Issuer (the Articles of Association ) which are available at https://ir.kpn.com/files/corporate_gov_docs/20180420_Koninklijke_KPN_NV_AoA.pd f ; the publicly available report on the Q1 2024 quarterly results of the Issuer published on 24 April 2024  (the Q1 2024 Results Press Release ) which is available at https://ir.kpn.com/files/doc_financials/2024/q1/KPN-Q1-2024-Press-release.pdf ; the publicly available audited consolidated annual financial statements of the Issuer for the financial year ended 31 December 2023 (prepared in accordance with International Financial Reporting Standards as adopted by the EU ( IFRS-EU ) and with Part 9 of Book 2 of the Dutch Civil Code) which appear on pages 105 to 172 (inclusive) of the KPN Integrated Annual Report 2023 (the 2023 Annual Report https://www.jaarverslag2023.kpn/downloads/KPN-IR-2023-Single-navigation.pdf and the independent auditor's report which appears on pages 188 to 194 (inclusive) of the 2023 Annual Report; the publicly available audited consolidated annual financial statements of the Issuer for the financial year ended 31 December 2022 (prepared in accordance with IFRS-EU and with Part 9 of Book 2 of the Dutch Civil Code) which appear on pages 104 to 166 (inclusive) of the KPN Integrated Annual Report 2022 (the 2022 Annual Report ) which is available at https://www.jaarverslag2022.kpn/downloads/KPN-IR-2022-Single- navigation.pdf and the independent auditor's report which appears on pages 176 to 185 (inclusive) of the 2022 Annual Report. The Issuer will provide  without charge  upon request of such person  a copy of any or all of the documents which are incorporated herein by reference. Requests for such documents should be directed to the Issuer at its registered office set out at the end of this Offering Circular. Copies of documents incorporated by reference in this Offering Circular can also be obtained from http://ir.kpn.com. In each case  unless stated otherwise  the entire document is incorporated by reference into this Offering Circular. Notwithstanding the foregoing  where the documents incorporated by reference themselves incorporate information by reference  such information does not form part of this Offering Circular. Potential investors should only rely on the information that is provided in this Offering Circular or incorporated by reference into this Offering Circular. No other documents or information  including the contents of KPN's website (https://www.kpn.com) or of websites accessible from hyperlinks on that website  form part of  or are incorporated by reference into  this Offering Circular. 8TABLE OF CONTENTS Page Documents Incorporated by Reference 8 Risk Factors 10 Overview 34 Terms and Conditions of the Securities 43 Summary of Provisions Relating to the Securities While in Global Form 73 Use of Proceeds 75 Description of the Issuer 79 Taxation 93 Subscription and Sale 97 General Information 101 9",neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,negative,0.01,0.29,0.7,True,English,"['Green Hybrid Securities', 'Royal KPN N', 'Circular KPN', 'Perpetual Fixed Rate Resettable Capital Securities', 'KONINKLIJKE KPN N.V.', 'first Mandatory Settlement Date', 'applicable Interest Payment Date', 'subsequent Interest Payment Date', 'public limited company', 'Reset Reference Rate', 'First Reset Date', 'First Call Date', 'Substantial Repurchase Event', 'Tax Deduction Event', 'Withholding Tax Event', 'relevant Reset Period', 'subsequent interest rate', 'Optional Interest Deferral', 'perpetual securities', 'first payment', 'Issue Date', 'Accounting Event', 'Rating Event', 'redemption date', 'Control Event', 'OFFERING CIRCULAR', 'corporate seat', 'Issue Price', 'principal amount', '5 percentage points', 'Interest Payments', 'outstanding Arrears', 'Redemption Amount', '4.875 per cent', '2.222 per cent', 'The Securities', 'new securities', 'whole Redemption', '2.792 per', '14 JUNE', 'Netherlands', 'Rotterdam', 'Issuer', '18 June', '18 September', 'annum', 'year', 'respect', 'Terms', 'Conditions', 'accordance', 'occurrence', 'Change', 'effect', 'discretion', 'part', 'amounts', 'time', 'accrued', 'unpaid', 'exercise', 'Make', 'addition', 'prices', 'Variation', 'consent', 'Holders', '99.682', '€']",2024-06-17,2024-06-18,marketscreener.com
42895,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/TAMBURI-INVESTMENT-PARTNE-165255/news/Tamburi-Investment-Partners-S-p-A-Closure-of-the-offering-of-TIP-bonds-2024-2029-for-the-overall-a-46987478/,Tamburi Investment Partners S p A : Closure of the offering of TIP bonds 2024-2029 for the overall amount of 290.5 million. Notice on closure of the offering relating to the exercise of the upsize option and results of the overall offering,(marketscreener.com)   NOT FOR RELEASE  PUBLICATION OR DISTRIBUTION  IN WHOLE OR IN PART  DIRECTLY OR INDIRECTLY  IN  INTO OR FROM THE UNITED STATES  CANADA  AUSTRALIA  JAPAN  SOUTH AFRICA OR ANY OTHER JURISDICTION WHERE TO DO SO WOULD CONSTITUTE A VIOLATIO…,"NOT FOR RELEASE  PUBLICATION OR DISTRIBUTION  IN WHOLE OR IN PART  DIRECTLY OR INDIRECTLY  IN  INTO OR FROM THE UNITED STATES  CANADA  AUSTRALIA  JAPAN  SOUTH AFRICA OR ANY OTHER JURISDICTION WHERE TO DO SO WOULD CONSTITUTE A VIOLATION OF THE RELEVANT LAWS OF THAT JURISDICTION CLOSURE OF THE OFFERING OF TIP BONDS 2024-2029 FOR THE OVERALL AMOUNT OF 290.5 MILLION notice on closure of the offering relating to the exercise of the upsize option and results of the overall offering Tamburi Investment Partners S.p.A. (""Company"" or ""TIP"" - tip.mi)  independent and diversified industrial group listed on the Euronext STAR Milan segment of Borsa Italiana S.p.A. which invests in excellent entrepreneurial companies  following the publication of the prospectus (""Prospectus"") relating to the offering and admission to trading of the non convertible  unrated  unsubordinated and unsecured bonds (the ""Bonds"")  approved by the Central Bank of Ireland (CBI) on 30 May 2024 and subsequently passported into Italy and the notice on early closure of the Offering after reaching the Offer Amount of Euro 250 000 000 and exercise of the Upsize Option and reopening of the relevant Offering for an additional maximum amount of 50 000 000 published on 11 June 2024  announces that the Offering of the Bonds deriving from the Upsize Option on the regulated market Mercato Telematico delle Obbligazioni (""MOT"") organized and managed by Borsa Italiana S.p.A. (""Borsa Italiana"") closed today after reaching the amount of the Offering deriving from the Upsize Option of additional Euro 40 500 000. Overall  an aggregate principal amount of Bonds of Euro 290 500 000 was subscribed at an Issue Price of 100% of the nominal value  consisting of no. 290 500 Bonds having a nominal value of Euro 1 000 each  for a gross proceeds amount of Euro 290 500 000. The Issue Date of the Bonds  which corresponds to both the date on which investors will pay the Issue Price of the Bonds and the date on which interests will begin to accrue on the Bonds  will be 21 June 2024. The Trading Start Date (being the date of the beginning of trading of the Bonds on the MOT market)  expected to be 21 June 2024  will be set by Borsa Italiana in accordance with article 2.4.3 of the Rules of the markets organised and managed by Borsa Italiana. The Interest Rate of the Bonds  as communicated on 10 June 2024  is 4.625% per annum. Interests on the Bonds will be paid in arrear on 21 June in each year starting on 21 June 2025. Interests in respect of any Bond shall be calculated per Euro 1 000 in principal amount of the Bonds (the ""Calculation Amount""). The amount of interests payable per Calculation Amount for any period shall be equal to the product of the Interest Rate (4.625%)  the Calculation Amount and the day-count fraction  calculated on an ""Actual/Actual (ICMA)"" basis  as set out in the Prospectus  for the days of the relevant period  rounding the resulting figure to the nearest cent (half a cent being rounded upwards). The Maturity Date of the Bonds will be 21 June 2029.Equita SIM acts as placement agent and joint bookrunner and Banca Akros acts as joint bookrunner in connection with the Offering. Further information are available in the Prospectus published on the Company website (https://www.tipspa.it/en) and on Euronext Dublin website (https:\live.euronext.com/). Milan  17 June 2024 _______________________________________________________________________________ TIP - TAMBURI INVESTMENT PARTNERS S.P.A. IS AN INDEPENDENT AND DIVERSIFIED INDUSTRIAL GROUP THAT INVESTED  AMONG DIRECT INVESTMENTS AND/OR CLUB DEALS  MORE THAN 5 BILLION EURO (AT TODAY VALUES) IN COMPANIES DEFINED AS ""EXCELLENT"" FROM AN ENTREPRENEURIAL POINT OF VIEW AND WITH A LONG-TERM APPROACH  OF STRATEGIC SUPPORT AND GROWTH IN VALUE. CURRENTLY TIP HAS DIRECT OR INDIRECT INTEREST IN LISTED AND UNLISTED COMPANIES INCLUDING: ALIMENTIAMOCI  ALKEMY  ALPITOUR  AMPLIFON  APOTECA NATURA  ASSET ITALIA  AZIMUT BENETTI  BASICNET  BENDING SPOONS  BETA UTENSILI  BUZZOOLE  CENTY  CHIORINO  DEXELANCE  DOVEVIVO  EATALY  ELICA  ENGINEERING  HUGO BOSS  INTERPUMP  ITACA  LANDI RENZO  LIMONTA  LIO FACTORY  MONCLER  MONRIF  MULAN  OCTO TELEMATICS  OVS  ROCHE BOBOIS  SESA  SIMBIOSI  STARTIP  TALENT GARDEN  TELESIA  VIANOVA AND ZEST. CONTACTS: ALESSANDRA GRITTI CEO - INVESTOR RELATOR TEL. 02 8858801 MAIL: GRITTI@TAMBURI.IT THIS PRESS RELEASE IS ALSO AVAILABLE ON THE COMPANY'S WEB SITE WWW.TIPSPA.IT AND DISCLOSED BY 1INFO SDIR AND 1INFO STORAGE SYSTEM (WWW.1INFO.IT). * * * IMPORTANT INFORMATION This announcement is not for publication  distribution or release  directly or indirectly  in or into the United States of America (including its territories and possessions  any state of the United States and the District of Columbia)  Canada  South Africa  Australia or Japan or any other jurisdiction where such an announcement would be unlawful. The distribution of this announcement may be restricted by law in certain jurisdictions and persons into whose possession this document or other information referred to herein comes should inform themselves about and observe any such restriction. Any failure to comply with these restrictions may constitute a violation of the securities laws of any such jurisdiction. The securities referred to herein have not been and will not be registered under the U.S. Securities Act of 1933  as amended  and may not be offered or sold in the United States without registration thereunder or pursuant to an available exemption therefrom. Neither this document nor the information contained herein constitutes or forms part of an offer to sell  or the solicitation of an offer to buy  securities in the United States. This announcement has been prepared on the basis that any offer of securities as per the Prospectus Regulation in the United Kingdom and in any Member State of the European Economic Area and except in the case of a public offer in Italy on the basis of an English-language prospectus approved by the Central Bank of Ireland (CBI) and passported in Italy in accordance with applicable regulatory requirements  together with an Italian translation of the summary note  will be made pursuant to an exemption from the requirement to publish a prospectus for offers of securities provided for in the Prospectus Regulation. The expression ""Prospectus Regulation"" means Regulation (EU) 2017/1129",neutral,0.02,0.97,0.01,negative,0.01,0.4,0.59,True,English,"['Tamburi Investment Partners', 'TIP bonds', 'overall amount', 'upsize option', 'overall offering', 'Closure', 'Notice', 'exercise', 'results', 'Tamburi Investment Partners S.p.A.', 'Borsa Italiana S.p.A.', 'Euronext STAR Milan segment', 'half a cent', 'diversified industrial group', 'convertible, unrated, unsubordinated', 'Mercato Telematico delle', 'Actual/Actual (ICMA)"" basis', 'Euronext Dublin website', 'OR CLUB DEALS', 'INVESTOR RELATOR TEL', '1INFO STORAGE SYSTEM', 'gross proceeds amount', 'AMONG DIRECT INVESTMENTS', 'ALESSANDRA GRITTI CEO', 'additional maximum amount', 'aggregate principal amount', 'The Maturity Date', 'excellent entrepreneurial companies', 'Trading Start Date', 'nearest cent', 'ENTREPRENEURIAL POINT', '1INFO SDIR', 'OVERALL AMOUNT', 'Offer Amount', 'Calculation Amount', 'UNITED STATES', 'SOUTH AFRICA', 'OTHER JURISDICTION', 'RELEVANT LAWS', 'upsize option', 'Central Bank', 'Issue Price', 'Interest Rate', 'day-count fraction', 'resulting figure', 'Equita SIM', 'placement agent', 'joint bookrunner', 'Banca Akros', 'Further information', 'TODAY VALUES', 'LONG-TERM APPROACH', 'STRATEGIC SUPPORT', 'INDIRECT INTEREST', 'UNLISTED COMPANIES', 'APOTECA NATURA', 'ASSET ITALIA', 'AZIMUT BENETTI', 'BENDING SPOONS', 'BETA UTENSILI', 'HUGO BOSS', 'LANDI RENZO', 'LIO FACTORY', 'OCTO TELEMATICS', 'ROCHE BOBOIS', 'TALENT GARDEN', 'WEB SITE', 'IMPORTANT INFORMATION', 'other information', 'Issue Date', 'Company website', 'additional Euro', 'JURISDICTION CLOSURE', 'early closure', 'nominal value', '290.5 MILLION notice', 'relevant period', 'PRESS RELEASE', '5 BILLION EURO', 'overall offering', 'relevant Offering', 'unsecured bonds', 'MOT market', 'TIPSPA.IT', 'TIP BONDS', '290,500 Bonds', 'PUBLICATION', 'DISTRIBUTION', 'WHOLE', 'CANADA', 'AUSTRALIA', 'JAPAN', 'VIOLATION', 'exercise', 'results', 'independent', 'prospectus', 'admission', 'non', 'Ireland', 'CBI', '30 May', 'Italy', 'reopening', '11 June', 'Obbligazioni', 'investors', 'interests', 'beginning', '21 June', 'accordance', 'article', 'Rules', 'markets', '10 June', 'annum', 'arrear', 'year', 'respect', 'product', 'days', 'connection', '17 June', 'VIEW', 'GROWTH', 'ALIMENTIAMOCI', 'ALKEMY', 'ALPITOUR', 'AMPLIFON', 'BASICNET', 'BUZZOOLE', 'CENTY', 'CHIORINO', 'DEXELANCE', 'DOVEVIVO', 'EATALY', 'ELICA', 'ENGINEERING', 'INTERPUMP', 'ITACA', 'LIMONTA', 'MONCLER', 'MONRIF', 'MULAN', 'OVS', 'SESA', 'SIMBIOSI', 'STARTIP', 'TELESIA', 'VIANOVA', 'ZEST', 'CONTACTS', 'MAIL', 'announcement', 'America', 'territories', 'possessions', 'District', 'Columbia', 'jurisdictions', 'persons', 'document']",2024-06-17,2024-06-18,marketscreener.com
42896,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/SOCIETE-GENERALE-4702/news/Societe-Generale-Report-on-share-buyback-from-10-to-14-June-2024-46987272/,Societe Generale : Report on share buyback (from 10 to 14 June 2024),(marketscreener.com)   INFORMATION REGARDING EXECUTED TRANSACTIONS WITHIN THE FRAMEWORK OF A SHARE BUYBACK PROGRAM    Regulated Information   Paris  17 June 2024   No 596/2014 on Market Abuse Regulation and Article 3 of Delegated Regulation 2016/10…,INFORMATION REGARDING EXECUTED TRANSACTIONS WITHIN THE FRAMEWORK OF A SHARE BUYBACK PROGRAM (OUTSIDE THE LIQUIDITY AGREEMENT)Regulated InformationParis  17 June 2024(In accordance with Article 5 of Regulation (EU) No 596/2014 on Market Abuse Regulation and Article 3(3) of Delegated Regulation (EU) 2016/1052 supplementing Regulation (EU) No 596/2014 through regulatory technical standards concerning the conditions applicable to buyback programs and stabilization measures)Societe Generale started  on Monday 27 May 2024  an ordinary share buyback program for EUR 279.8 million for the purpose of shares cancellation.Societe Generale received all necessary authorizations from supervisory authorities. These buybacks will be carried out in compliance with the authorizations provided by the General Meeting of 22 May 2024  in particular regarding the maximum price  as well as in accordance with the Market Abuse Regulation. They are performed on the trading platforms on which Societe Generale shares are listed for trading or are traded  including the regulated market of Euronext Paris.The liquidity contract concluded with Rothschild has also temporarily been suspended throughout the buyback period.Issuer name: Societe Generale - LEI O2RNE8IBXP4R0TD8PU41Reference of the financial instrument: ISIN FR0000130809Period: From 10 to 14 June 2024A F r e n c h c o r p o r a t i o n w i t h s h a r e c a p i t a l o f E U R 1   0 0 3   7 2 4   9 2 7 . 5 0 - 5 5 2 1 2 0 2 2 2 R C S P a r i s2 9 b o u l e v a r d H a u s s m a n n   F - 7 5 0 0 9 P a r i s,neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,negative,0.01,0.34,0.64,True,English,"['Societe Generale', 'share buyback', 'Report', '14 June', '10', 'R C S P', 'ordinary share buyback program', 'A F r', 'E U R', 'regulatory technical standards', 'Market Abuse Regulation', 'Societe Generale shares', 'buyback programs', 'shares cancellation', 'buyback period', 'EXECUTED TRANSACTIONS', 'LIQUIDITY AGREEMENT', 'Delegated Regulation', 'stabilization measures', 'supervisory authorities', 'General Meeting', 'maximum price', 'liquidity contract', 'Issuer name', 'LEI O2RNE8IBXP4R0TD8PU41', 'financial instrument', 'Regulated Information', 'necessary authorizations', 'trading platforms', 'Euronext Paris', 'THE', 'FRAMEWORK', '17 June', 'accordance', 'Article', 'supplementing', 'conditions', 'Monday', 'May', 'purpose', 'buybacks', 'compliance', 'Rothschild', 'Reference', 'ISIN', '10 to', '14 June', '9 b']",2024-06-17,2024-06-18,marketscreener.com
42897,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/FERMENTALG-16118042/news/Fermentalg-Launch-of-a-capital-increase-open-to-institutional-and-retail-investors-for-a-total-46986915/,Fermentalg :  Launch of a capital increase open to institutional and retail investors for a total of approximately EUR12 million  with the support of HuvePharma  Fermentalg's industrial partner,(marketscreener.com)  Press release Launch of a capital increase open to institutional and retail investors for a total of approximately €12 million  with the support of HuvePharma  Fermentalg's industrial partner  to create the European leader for microa…,"Press releaseLaunch of a capital increase open to institutional and retail investors for a total of approximately €12 million  with the support of HuvePharma  Fermentalg's industrial partner  to create the European leader for microalgae fermentation solutionsFundraising of approximately €12 million  comprising (i) an offer to qualified investors via the accelerated construction of an order book  (ii) an offer reserved for a category of beneficiaries  and (iii) a public offer to individual investors via the PrimaryBid platform under the same conditions for all offers;Subscription commitment of €7.5 million from HuvePharma and intention to subscribe €3 million from shareholder funds managed by Bpifrance[1];Price per share: €0.40  i.e. a discount of 19.22% compared to the 3-day VWAP[2];Closing of the PrimaryBid Offer on 17 June 2024 at 10 p.m.  of the offer to qualified investors and of the offer reserved for a category of beneficiaries on 18 June 2024 before the opening of the markets (subject to early closing);[Eligible for the exceptional income tax reduction of 25% (IR-PME  including FIP-FCPI) and for the 150-0 B ter scheme of the French General Tax Code;Eligibility of securities for PEA and PEA-PME.Libourne – 17 June 2024 – Fermentalg (Euronext Growth / ALGAE) today announced the launch of a capital increase for a total amount of approximately €12 million in order to continue the execution of its 2024-2026 strategic plan and consolidate its position as the European leader of sustainable solutions based on marine microalgae biotechnology. The HuvePharma group  European leader in precision fermentation[3] in the animal and human health sectors  and a new industrial partner of the Company since December 2023[4]  has committed to investing €7.5 million  thus becoming a reference shareholder.On this occasion  Pierre Josselin  Managing Director of Fermentalg  comments: “We are delighted to be able to announce the entry of capital from HuvePharma as part of a fundraising drive that we also wished to open to other investors. and which  combined with the acceleration in sales that we have undertaken since the start of the year  should allow us to achieve financial equilibrium.With HuvePharma  we will be able to focus our efforts on the design and marketing of natural solutions and products based on marine microorganisms  with a positive impact on society and our environment. HuvePharma  as a shareholder and partner  will allow us to accelerate our scale-up  while providing us with competitive production capabilities that rival the leaders in our market.Together  we are giving ourselves the means to become the European leader in microalgae fermentation solutions  starting with algal omega-3.”Kiril Domuschiev  President and CEO of Huvepharma  adds: “Industrial precision fermentation of microalgae is an interesting technology for us  complementing our current activities. After several months of fruitful collaboration with Fermentalg  we decided to invest and become a key shareholder with the aim of strengthening our ties and realizing our shared ambitions. We want to become the reference player in Europe in precision algal fermentation  on the omega-3 market  and on other projects such as blue colorants and other Fermentalg developments.”Sales momentum ahead of schedule and annual targets raisedThis capital increase takes place against a favorable business backdrop  marked by growth in sales exceeding the targets announced at the start of the year [5]. Thus  based on sales to date  the Company anticipates half-year sales to the end of June 2024 of between €6.2 million and €6.4 million  up by more than 160% compared to the first half of 2023.This momentum is already being confirmed to continue through the second half of 2024  enabling the Company to raise its annual sales target from €10 million to €12 million (3 times sales for the 2023 financial year of €4 million).Additional funds to break evenThis solid growth momentum  combined with tight cost control  confirms our current cash flow visibility (2nd quarter 2025) and our objective of generating positive EBITDA [6] from the 2nd half of 2026  with annual sales of more than €25 million by this time.The capital increase announced today will supplement the financial resources available to the Company until this economic equilibrium is achieved. The net proceeds of the operation will be used for (in approximation):1/3 to the enhancement of sales initiatives  in order to sustain the Company's strong growth momentum  in particular by addressing new market segments (pregnant women  infant formula  aquaculture  etc.);1/3 to maintaining a policy of innovation  in order to consolidate the technological advances of the Company  mainly on its two current platforms (omega-3 from Schizochytrium sp. strain and natural blue colorant from the Galdieria Sulphuraria strain);1/3 to continue structuring the Company and financing its working capital requirements  in order to support its industrial and commercial development while pursuing its quest for excellence in terms of environmental impact.A partnership for a sustainable and sovereign solution at the heart of the European UnionThis round of financing is also an opportunity for Fermentalg to strengthen its ties with its strategic industrial partner  the HuvePharma group.By joining forces at the end of 2023  the two partners announced their ambition to create the only producer of algal omega-3 in the European Union capable of catering to all market segments  and thus aiming to be a viable alternative to American and Chinese production. This partnership recently entered its concrete phase with the finalization of the technology transfer and the first industrial scale fermentations at HuvePharma.By becoming a reference shareholder of Fermentalg during this capital increase  the HuvePharma group is demonstrating its long-term commitment to creating lasting value through a mutually profitable alliance.Terms and conditions of the offerIn accordance with the decisions taken by the Board of Directors on June 11  2024  and by the Chief Executive Officer (acting by sub-delegation) on that date  the fundraising would be carried out through three separate but concurrent offers:An offering of new ordinary shares without shareholders' pre-emptive subscription rights  as part of an offering governed by Article L. 411-2  I° of the French Monetary and Financial Code (in accordance with the 18 th resolution of the Company's Combined General Meeting on June 11  2024) (the “ Private Placement ”)resolution of the Company's Combined General Meeting on June 11  2024) (the “ ”) An offer for the benefit of categories of persons meeting the characteristics determined in accordance with the provisions of Article L. 225-138 of the French Commercial Code (in accordance with the 19 th resolution of the Company's Combined General Meeting on June 11  2024) (the “ Reserved Offer ”);resolution of the Company's Combined General Meeting on June 11  2024) (the “ ”); An offering of new ordinary shares without pre-emptive subscription rights by way of a public offering to retail investors via the PrimaryBid platform (in accordance with the 17th resolution of the Company's Combined General Meeting on June 11  2024) (the “PrimaryBid Offer"") pursuant to article L. 225-136 of the French Commercial Code.The Private Placement and the Reserved Offer will be carried out through the accelerated construction of an order book  at the end of which the number of new shares to be issued will be determined. The final size of the Private Placement  the Reserved Offer  and the PrimaryBid Offer will depend exclusively on the orders received for each offer  with no reallocation between the PrimaryBid Offer  the Private Placement  and the Reserved Offer. The PrimaryBid Offer will be made on the basis of an allocation proportional to demand within the limit of the amount allocated to this public offering  with a reduction in allocations in the event of excess demand  where applicable. It is specified that the PrimaryBid Offer is ancillary to the Private Placement and the Reserved Offer  that it will not be carried out if the capital increase under the Private Placement and the Reserved Offer is not itself completed  and that it will be capped at 20% of the total amount of fundraising (up to a maximum of €8 million).The price per new share of all the offers (Private Placement  Reserved Offer and PrimaryBid Offer) will be €0.40  representing a discount of 19.22% to the volume-weighted average price of Fermentalg shares over the 3 trading days prior to the Board of Directors setting the price  within the limits set by the General Meeting (i.e. €0.4952  source: Bloomberg).The number of ordinary shares issued  which may not exceed 35 000 000 new shares  and the total amount of subscriptions will be decided by the Chief Executive Officer  by virtue of the sub-delegation granted by the Company's Board of Directors on June 17  2024.The Private Placement and the Reserved Offer are launched with immediate effect. The PrimaryBid Offer also commences immediately and will close at 10:00 p.m. CET today  subject to early closing. The Private Placement and the Reserved Offering are expected to close before the market opening on 18 June 2024  subject to any early closing or extension. The Company will announce the results of the Private Placement  the Reserved Offer and the PrimaryBid Offer  in particular the number of shares to be issued  as soon as possible after the close of the order book  by means of a press release.Settlement-delivery of the new shares and their admission to trading on the Euronext Growth® market in Paris are scheduled for 20 June 2024. The new shares will be subject to all provisions of the Company's bylaws and will be assimilated to existing shares upon completion of the capital increases. They will carry dividend rights and will be admitted to trading on the Euronext Growth® Paris market on the same quotation line as the Company's shares already listed under the same ISIN code FR0011271600 - ALGAE.Pursuant to Article 1  4 of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 of the European Parliament and of the Council of June 14  2017  the Private Placement  the Reserved Offer and the PrimaryBid Offer will not give rise to the publication of a Prospectus subject to the approval of the AMF.Undertakings to abstain from trading and to retain sharesThe Company has given a lock-up commitment expiring 90 calendar days after the settlement-delivery date of the new shares  subject to certain customary exceptions.HuvePharma has given a lock-up commitment on all shares held following the Offer  expiring 9 months after the settlement-delivery date of the new shares  subject to certain customary exceptions.Financial intermediaries & adviceGilbert Dupont  Société Générale group  and TP ICAP Midcap are acting as lead managers and joint bookrunners on the Reserved Offer.Degroof Petercam Investment Banking acts as financial advisor to Fermentalg.Under the PrimaryBid Offer  investors will be able to subscribe only via PrimaryBid partners listed on the PrimaryBid website (primarybid.fr).King & Spalding acts as legal counsel. ACTUS finance & communication acts as a financial communication consultant.Offer GuaranteeThe Private Placement  the Reserved Offer and the PrimaryBid Offer are not underwritten. However  the Private Placement is subject to a placement agreement between Fermentalg  on the one hand  and Gilbert Dupont and TP ICAP Midcap  associate lead managers and bookrunners  on the other hand.Risk factorsThe public's attention is drawn to the risk factors relating to the Company and its activity  presented in paragraph 4.1 of the 2023 Universal Registration Document published on the Company's website on April 30  2024  available free of charge on the website Internet of the Company (www.fermentalg.com). The realization of all or part of these risks is likely to have an adverse effect on the activity  financial situation  results  development or prospects of the Company. The risk factors presented in said management report are identical as of the date of this press release.In addition  investors are invited to take into consideration the following risks specific to the issue: (i) the market price of the Company's shares could fluctuate and fall below the subscription price of the shares issued under the the offer  (ii) the volatility and liquidity of the Company's shares could fluctuate significantly  (iii) sales of the Company's shares could occur on the market and have an unfavorable impact on the share price of the Company and (iv) the shareholders of the Company could suffer potentially significant dilution arising from possible future capital increases made necessary by the Company's search for financing.WarningThe Company specifies that  to its knowledge  no potential investor holds inside information.This press release may not be communicated  published or distributed  directly or indirectly  in the United States (including its territories and possessions  any state of the United States and the District of Columbia)  Canada  Australia  Japan  South Africa or any other country in violation of the laws of the relevant jurisdiction.This press release is in no way intended to constitute (and it will not exist) an offer intended for sale or subscription  nor an announcement of an upcoming offer intended for sale or subscription  nor a solicitation of an offer to acquire or subscribe for  nor an announcement of a forthcoming solicitation of an offer to acquire or subscribe for  securities of the Company in  or to residents  inhabitants or citizens of the United States   Canada  Australia  Japan  South Africa or any jurisdiction where such offer or solicitation without registration  without exemption from registration or without qualification is not permitted under the applicable law of the relevant jurisdiction or does not meet the required conditions according to the applicable law of the relevant jurisdiction.The Company's securities have not been and will not be registered under the US Securities Act of 1933  as amended (the "" US Securities Act "")  or any other securities regulatory body  state or jurisdiction. the United States. The Company's securities may not be directly or indirectly offered  sold  resold  transferred or delivered in the United States  except pursuant to a valid exemption from the registration requirements of the US Securities Act and in accordance with applicable laws of the United States. any state or jurisdiction of the United States. There will be no public offering of securities in the United States.This press release may only be distributed (A) outside the United States pursuant to Regulation S under the US Securities Act (i) to persons in the United Kingdom (a) with professional investment experience who fall within the definition of section 19(5) of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 (Financial Promotion) Order 2005  as amended (the "" Order "")  or (b) which are high net worth entities within the meaning section 49(2)(a) to (d) of the Ordinance  or (c) to which an invitation or inducement to carry on investment activity (within the meaning of section 21 of the Financial Services and Markets Act of 2000) in connection with the issue or sale of any security of the Company or any member of its group may be lawfully communicated or required to be communicated; (ii) to persons in any other Member State of the European Economic Area who are “qualified investors” within the meaning of Article 2(e) of the Prospectus Regulation (Regulation (EU) 2017/1129  as amended); (iii) certain qualified and/or institutional investors in other selected jurisdictions  in accordance with applicable restrictions; and to persons in the United States who are “ qualified institutional buyers ”  as defined in and based on Rule 114A of the US Securities Act or another exemption from registration or a transaction not subject to registration under the US Securities Act.The Company cannot be held responsible if anyone breaches the above restrictions.Next publication: turnover for the first half of 2024 July 4  2024 (after market close)About FermentalgExpert in the research and bioindustrial exploitation of microalgae  Fermentalg aims to offer sustainable solutions and innovative products that contribute to the development of healthy  natural and high-performance products . Our business: the development  production and marketing of sustainable solutions and active ingredients derived from microalgae  intended for nutrition  health and the environment. Nutritional lipids  alternative proteins  natural food colors and innovative environmental solutions constitute our company's current and future offerings. The Fermentalg share is listed on Euronext Growth Paris (FR0011271600 - ALGAE) and is eligible for the PEA-PME. It received an Exemplary rating (90/100) from EthiFinance ESG Ratings  a rating agency specializing in the ESG performance of SMEs listed on European markets  in favor of Socially Responsible Investment (SRI).For more information: www.fermentalg.comContact for journalists: Investor Relations: ACTUS finance and communicationFatou-Kiné N'DIAYETelephone: +33 (0)1 53 67 36 34fndiaye@actus.fr ACTUS finance and communicationJérôme FABREGUETTES LEIBTelephone: +33 (0)1 53 67 36 78fermentalg@actus.fr[1] Including €2m from Bpifrance Participations and €1m from Bpifrance Investissement (Fonds Ecotechnologies)[2] Average volume-weighted Fermentalg share price for the 3 trading days preceding the price authorized by the Annual General Meeting (€0.4952  source: Bloomberg)[3]11 factories in 4 countries  $731 million in turnover and $162 million in Ebitda in 2023 (Source: HuvePharma)[4]Press release dated December 19  2023: “New 2024 - 2026 strategic plan and major industrial partnership // Acceleration towards a profitable and sustainable growth model”[5]Cf. Press release of January 26  2024: “After 4 MEUR in sales in 2023  Fermentalg starts 2024 with more than 9 MEUR in contracts and orders”[6]EBITDA = operating income before non-recurring items + depreciation and amortization - capitalized R&D costs (gross) + share of CIR integrated into capitalized R&DThis publication embed ""🔒 Actusnews SECURITY MASTER "".- SECURITY MASTER Key: l5tuZsebZprGnZ5vYZxmaZVnmWmVlWKZbGqdxpRvZMuaa26UyGdqmZqcZnFnmGZt- Check this key: https://www.security-master-key.com .Regulated information:Inside Information:- other releases Full and original press release in PDF: https://www.actusnews.com/news/86317-algae_cp_lancement_polo_eng.pdfReceive by email the next press releases of the company by registering on www.actusnews.com   it's free© 2024 ActusNews",neutral,0.05,0.94,0.01,positive,0.61,0.37,0.02,True,English,"['capital increase', 'retail investors', 'industrial partner', 'Fermentalg', 'Launch', 'institutional', 'total', 'support', 'HuvePharma', 'exceptional income tax reduction', '150-0 B ter scheme', 'French General Tax Code', 'current cash flow visibility', '2024-2026 strategic plan', 'human health sectors', 'competitive production capabilities', 'favorable business backdrop', 'tight cost control', 'two current platforms', 'Schizochytrium sp. strain', 'Galdieria Sulphuraria strain', 'marine microalgae biotechnology', 'new market segments', 'natural blue colorant', 'working capital requirements', 'precision algal fermentation', 'microalgae fermentation solutions', 'Industrial precision fermentation', 'solid growth momentum', 'strong growth momentum', 'The HuvePharma group', 'new industrial partner', 'annual sales target', 'other Fermentalg developments', 'natural solutions', 'current activities', 'sustainable solutions', 'marine microorganisms', 'algal omega', 'blue colorants', 'other investors', 'other projects', 'Euronext Growth', 'Sales momentum', 'Press release', 'capital increase', 'retail investors', 'European leader', 'qualified investors', 'individual investors', 'PrimaryBid platform', 'same conditions', 'Subscription commitment', '3-day VWAP', 'Pierre Josselin', 'Managing Director', 'financial equilibrium', 'positive impact', 'Kiril Domuschiev', 'interesting technology', 'several months', 'fruitful collaboration', 'reference player', 'omega-3 market', 'first half', 'second half', 'Additional funds', 'nd quarter', 'positive EBITDA', '2nd half', 'financial resources', 'economic equilibrium', 'net proceeds', 'pregnant women', 'infant formula', 'technological advances', 'commercial development', 'annual targets', 'half-year sales', 'times sales', 'sales initiatives', 'shareholder funds', 'reference shareholder', 'key shareholder', 'early closing', 'total amount', 'fundraising drive', 'public offer', 'PrimaryBid Offer', '2023 financial year', 'order book', 'Launch', 'institutional', 'support', 'accelerated', 'construction', 'category', 'beneficiaries', 'offers', 'intention', 'Bpifrance', 'Price', 'discount', '17 June', '18 June', 'opening', 'markets', 'IR-PME', 'FIP-FCPI', 'Eligibility', 'securities', 'PEA-PME', 'Libourne', 'execution', 'position', 'animal', 'Company', 'December', 'occasion', 'entry', 'acceleration', 'start', 'efforts', 'design', 'marketing', 'products', 'society', 'environment', 'scale-up', 'leaders', 'means', 'President', 'CEO', 'aim', 'ambitions', 'schedule', 'place', 'date', 'end', 'objective', 'operation', 'approximation', 'enhancement', 'aquaculture', 'policy', 'innovation', 'quest', 'excellence', '19.', '10', '160']",2024-06-17,2024-06-18,marketscreener.com
42898,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/FERRARI-N-V-25600249/news/Ferrari-N-V-Periodic-Report-on-the-Buyback-Program-46985564/,Ferrari N.V.: Periodic Report on the Buyback Program,(marketscreener.com) Maranello   June 17  2024 – Ferrari N.V. informs that the Company has purchased  under the Euro 350 million share buyback program announced on November 7  2023  as the fourth tranche of the multi-year share buyback program of approximatel…,Maranello (Italy)  June 17  2024 – Ferrari N.V. (NYSE/EXM: RACE) (“Ferrari” or the “Company”) informs that the Company has purchased  under the Euro 350 million share buyback program announced on November 7  2023  as the fourth tranche of the multi-year share buyback program of approximately Euro 2 billion expected to be executed by 2026 in line with the disclosure made during the 2022 Capital Markets Day (the “Fourth Tranche”)  the additional common shares - reported in aggregate form  on a daily basis - on the Euronext Milan (EXM) and on the New York Stock Exchange (NYSE) as follows:EXM NYSE Total Trading Number of common shares purchasedAverage price per share Consideration excluding fees Number of common shares purchasedAverage price per share Consideration excluding fees Consideration excluding fees Number of common shares purchasedAverage price per share Consideration excluding fees Date excluding fees excluding fees excluding fees (d/m/y) (€) (€) ($) ($) (€)* (€)* (€)* 10/06/2024 3 842 382.8325 1 470 842.47 7 251 413.6161 2 999 130.34 2 788 332.41 11 093 383.9516 4 259 174.88 11/06/2024 3 872 383.6345 1 485 432.78 7 295 411.1127 2 999 067.15 2 795 029.96 11 167 383.3136 4 280 462.74 12/06/2024 3 802 389.5092 1 480 913.98 - - - - 3 802 389.5092 1 480 913.98 13/06/2024 3 855 387.8665 1 495 225.36 5 991 417.2153 2 499 536.86 2 317 819.79 9 846 387.2684 3 813 045.15 14/06/2024 3 918 380.7163 1 491 646.46 - - - - 3 918 380.7163 1 491 646.46 19 289384.88577 424 061.0520 537413.77688 497 734.357 901 182.1639 826384.805015 325 243.21Total(*) translated at the European Central Bank EUR/USD exchange reference rate as of the date of each purchaseSince the announcement of such Fourth Tranche till June 14  2024  the total invested consideration has been:Euro 238 088 203.10 for No. 670 642 common shares purchased on the EXMUSD 107 883 427.15 (Euro 99 353 509.99*) for No. 269 191 common shares purchased on the NYSE.As of June 14  2024  the Company held in treasury No. 14 133 410 common shares equal to 5.50% of the total issued share capital including the common shares and the special voting shares  net of shares assigned under the Company’s equity incentive plan.Since the start of the multi-year share buyback program of approximately Euro 2 billion announced during the 2022 Capital Markets Day  on July 1  2022  until June 14  2024  the Company has purchased a total of 3 309 306 own common shares on EXM and NYSE  including transactions for Sell to Cover  for a total consideration of Euro 910 186 239.21.A comprehensive overview of the transactions carried out under the buyback program  as well as the details of the above transactions  are available on Ferrari’s corporate website under the Buyback Programs section (https://www.ferrari.com/en-EN/corporate/buyback-programs).For further information:Media Relationstel.: +39 0536 949337Email: media@ferrari.comAttachment,neutral,0.01,0.98,0.01,neutral,0.02,0.97,0.01,True,English,"['Ferrari N.V.', 'Periodic Report', 'Buyback Program', 'New York Stock Exchange', 'EUR/USD exchange reference rate', '350 million share buyback program', 'multi-year share buyback program', 'EXM NYSE Total Trading Number', 'Buyback Programs section', 'European Central Bank', 'equity incentive plan', '2022 Capital Markets Day', 'special voting shares', 'additional common shares', 'Ferrari N.V.', 'No. 269,191 common shares', 'share capital', '642 common shares', '14,133,410 common shares', 'share Consideration', 'fourth tranche', 'aggregate form', 'daily basis', 'Euronext Milan', 'Average price', 'treasury No.', 'comprehensive overview', 'Media Relations', 'total consideration', 'corporate website', 'Maranello', 'Italy', 'June', 'NYSE/EXM', 'RACE', 'Company', 'November', 'line', 'disclosure', 'fees', 'Date', 'purchase', 'announcement', 'start', 'July', 'transactions', 'Sell', 'Cover', 'details', 'buyback-programs', 'information', 'tel', 'Email', 'Attachment', '3,3', '306']",2024-06-17,2024-06-18,marketscreener.com
42899,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/ATOS-SE-4612/news/Eviden-announces-SICS-ALAT-the-combat-information-system-of-the-SCORPION-program-to-be-embedded-i-46982932/,Eviden announces SICS ALAT  the combat information system of the SCORPION program  to be embedded in the aircraft of the French Army Light Aviation by 2026,(marketscreener.com) Press release Eviden announces SICS ALAT  the combat information system of the   SCORPION program  to be embedded in the aircraft of the French Army Light Aviation by 2026 EUROSATORY  Villepinte  France – June 17  2024 - Eviden  the Atos …,"Press releaseEviden announces SICS ALAT  the combat information system of the SCORPION program  to be embedded in the aircraft of the French Army Light Aviation by 2026EUROSATORY  Villepinte  France – June 17  2024 - Eviden  the Atos Group business leading in digital  cloud  big data and security  today announces that the French Defense Procurement Agency (DGA)  via the Defense Digital Agency (AND)  has entrusted it with the development and deployment of SICS1 ALAT2. This system onboard the ALAT (French Army Light Aviation) aircraft is part of the French army's ramp-up of its collaborative combat capabilities. This new information system will replace the existing systems by 2026.SICS ALAT enables ALAT aircraft to be networked with land-based tactical information systems in an interoperable  coherent  and unified way  thus creating the SCORPION air-land tactical bubble.SICS ALAT is a complete and unique digitalization solution for army helicopters  ensuring the continuity of the digitized command chain of air-land combat  capable of providing patrol leaders and helicopter crews with knowledge of the tactical situation in their area of interest and the rapid exchange of information in data transmission. A major technical achievement  this advanced version of SICS is designed to be fully interoperable with the original system  while adapting to the constraints specific to aeronautics: three dimensions  movement  speed  ergonomics adapted to cockpits  and security. Eviden is drawing on its experience of the SICS program and its close collaboration with the DGA  the French Army and operational crews  to meet the challenges of intuitiveness and ease of use to optimize operational acceptance of the system.As a defense manufacturer  Eviden  through its Mission-Critical Systems (MCS) business line  designs and develops both the information system and the on-board computers that will be integrated into the aircraft to meet the challenges of the ALAT. Drawing on its experience in the design and manufacture of onboard electronics for the military aerospace industry  and its range of MLS Gateway solutions  Eviden is able to offer a computer adapted to the sizing and connectivity constraints of currently operational aircraft (2005-2010 generation)  while providing tenfold increase in computing power. This design meets the challenges of availability and operational scalability for armed forces since it does not require current aircraft to be re-qualified.SICS ALAT demonstrates Eviden MCS’s ability to meet the needs of collaborative combat and digital defense with an end-to-end on-board operational solution for sharing and maintaining the tactical situation  able to communicate with its ecosystem thanks to on-board computing power.Fabrice Laclef  Director of Mission-Critical Systems (MCS) for France  Eviden  Atos Group said: "" This unique project  which embodies the know-how of Eviden's Mission-Critical Systems business line  once again proves our expertise in defense  and demonstrates the trust placed in us by the French Army. This project is the fruit of the expertise and collaboration of various teams  to deliver a complete and innovative solution to the Army.”###About Eviden3Eviden is a next-gen technology leader in data-driven  trusted and sustainable digital transformation with a strong portfolio of patented technologies. With worldwide leading positions in advanced computing  security  AI  cloud and digital platforms  it provides deep expertise for all industries in more than 47 countries. Bringing together 47 000 world-class talents  Eviden expands the possibilities of data and technology across the digital continuum  now and for generations to come. Eviden is an Atos Group company with an annual revenue of c. € 5 billion.About AtosAtos is a global leader in digital transformation with c. 95 000 employees and annual revenue of c. € 11 billion. European number one in cybersecurity  cloud and high-performance computing  the Group provides tailored end-to-end solutions for all industries in 69 countries. A pioneer in decarbonization services and products  Atos is committed to a secure and decarbonized digital for its clients. Atos is a SE (Societas Europaea)  and listed on Euronext Paris.The purpose of Atos is to help design the future of the information space. Its expertise and services support the development of knowledge  education and research in a multicultural approach and contribute to the development of scientific and technological excellence. Across the world  the Group enables its customers and employees  and members of societies at large to live  work and develop sustainably  in a safe and secure information space.Press contactZohra DALI – zohra.dali.external@eviden.com - + 33 (0) 6 71 92 71 871 SICS is the combat information system of SCORPION  France’s multi-year program aiming to renew and modernize the French Army's ""contact"" combat capabilities  based on new platforms and a single combat information system.2 Aviation légère de l’armée de Terre  which is in English French Army Light Aviation  the Army aviation services of the French Army.3 Eviden business is operated through the following brands: AppCentrica  ATHEA  Cloudamize  Cloudreach  Cryptovision  DataSentics  Edifixio  Energy4U  Engage ESM  Evidian  Forensik  IDEAL GRP  In Fidem  Ipsotek  Maven Wave  Profit4SF  SEC Consult  Visual BI  Worldgrid  X-Perion. Eviden is a registered trademark.Eviden is a registered trademark. © Eviden SAS  2024.Attachment",neutral,0.02,0.97,0.0,positive,0.55,0.44,0.01,True,English,"['French Army Light Aviation', 'combat information system', 'SICS ALAT', 'SCORPION program', 'Eviden', 'aircraft', 'English French Army Light Avia', 'French Army Light Aviation) aircraft', '2 Aviation légère', 'French Defense Procurement Agency', 'land-based tactical information systems', 'SCORPION air-land tactical bubble', 'Mission-Critical Systems business line', 'single combat information system', 'digitized command chain', 'major technical achievement', 'military aerospace industry', 'worldwide leading positions', 'MCS) business line', 'MLS Gateway solutions', 'collaborative combat capabilities', 'contact"" combat capabilities', 'Defense Digital Agency', 'unique digitalization solution', 'sustainable digital transformation', 'new information system', 'next-gen technology leader', 'secure information space', 'Atos Group business', 'Atos Group company', 'air-land combat', 'tactical situation', 'existing systems', 'army helicopters', 'digital defense', 'global leader', 'end solutions', 'Press contact', 'new platforms', 'defense manufacturer', 'original system', 'SCORPION program', 'operational solution', 'innovative solution', 'digital platforms', 'digital continuum', 'decarbonized digital', 'operational aircraft', 'current aircraft', 'Press release', 'SICS1 ALAT2.', 'unified way', 'patrol leaders', 'rapid exchange', 'advanced version', 'three dimensions', 'operational acceptance', '2005-2010 generation', 'tenfold increase', 'computing power', 'operational scalability', 'armed forces', 'Fabrice Laclef', 'unique project', 'various teams', 'data-driven, trusted', 'strong portfolio', 'patented technologies', 'advanced computing', '47,000 world-class talents', 'annual revenue', 'European number', 'high-performance computing', 'Societas Europaea', 'Euronext Paris', 'multicultural approach', 'technological excellence', 'multi-year program', 'armée', 'ALAT aircraft', 'SICS program', 'big data', 'data transmission', 'close collaboration', 'operational crews', 'board computers', 'connectivity constraints', 'decarbonization services', 'Zohra DALI', 'SICS ALAT', 'deep expertise', 'Eviden MCS', '1 SICS', 'EUROSATORY', 'Villepinte', 'France', 'June', 'security', 'DGA', 'development', 'deployment', 'part', 'ramp', 'complete', 'continuity', 'knowledge', 'area', 'interest', 'aeronautics', 'movement', 'speed', 'ergonomics', 'cockpits', 'experience', 'challenges', 'intuitiveness', 'use', 'design', 'electronics', 'range', 'sizing', 'availability', 'needs', 'ecosystem', 'Director', 'know-how', 'fruit', 'Eviden3', 'cloud', 'industries', '47 countries', 'possibilities', 'generations', 'c.', '95,000 employees', 'tailored', '69 countries', 'pioneer', 'products', 'clients', 'purpose', 'future', 'education', 'research', 'scientific', 'customers', 'members', 'societies', 'large', 'safe', 'Terre']",2024-06-17,2024-06-18,marketscreener.com
42900,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/ATOS-SE-4612/news/Eviden-s-secure-multifunction-computer-will-be-the-heart-of-the-tactical-system-attached-to-the-main-46982926/,Eviden's secure multifunction computer will be the heart of the tactical system attached to the main computer of the French Navy's E-2D Hawkeye command  detection and control aircraft,(marketscreener.com)                                                                                                   ...https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/ATOS-SE-4612/news/Eviden-s-secure-multifunction-computer-will-be-the-heart-of-the-tactical-sys…,"Press releaseEviden's secure multifunction computer selected by the French Ministry of Defense’s Aeronautical Industrial Service (Service Industriel de l'Aéronautique)Eviden's secure multifunction computer will be the heart of the tactical system attached to the main computer of the French Navy’s E-2D Hawkeye command  detection and control aircraftEUROSATORY  Villepinte  France – June 17  2024 - Eviden  the Atos Group business leading in digital  cloud  big data and security  today announces that it has been selected by the French Ministry of Defense’s SIAé1 (Service Industriel de l'Aéronautique) for the compartmentalization of the French tactical system on board the E-2D Hawkeye2 command  detection and control aircraft.The SIAé's AIA (Atelier Industriel de l'Aéronautique) in Cuers-Pierrefeu will integrate Eviden's MLS Gateway multifunction computer  to ensure the segregation of the French tactical system on board the American E-2D Hawkeye aircraft.This secure multifunction computer will enable bidirectional real-time exchange between authorized data from the native American system and complementary French tactical data  thus guaranteeing the partitioning and sovereignty of the chain of onboard systems. This embedded computing solution will enable the SIAé to extend the chain of native embedded systems with additional French capabilities.This contract confirms Eviden's expertise in the design  manufacture and maintenance in operational conditions of cyber secure gateways and on-board computers for constrained military environments  including naval aviation. (Eviden announced last March that it had obtained EMAR 21G approval for the production of aeronautical equipment).Bruno Milard  Vice President and Head of the Defense Electronics and Aeronautics business unit at Eviden  Atos Group said: ""This new contract in the field of naval aviation demonstrates our expertise in delivering secure multifunction computers. With our range of MLS Gateway solutions  we provide our customers with secure  sovereign gateways that meet their operational requirements and specific environmental needs.”Eviden's MLS gateway solutions meet the challenges of real-time bidirectional exchange between different domains or networks destined for critical environments (from IT infrastructures to air/land/sea embedded environments). They ensure the integrity and security of data exchanged within the connected chain of systems and guarantee the accessibility of ‘authorized’ critical information  against all external intrusions. These sovereign systems are developed  produced and integrated in France  and can be configured according to operational needs.For more information: https://eviden.com/solutions/digital-security/defense-electronics/***About Eviden3Eviden is a next-gen technology leader in data-driven  trusted and sustainable digital transformation with a strong portfolio of patented technologies. With worldwide leading positions in advanced computing  security  AI  cloud and digital platforms  it provides deep expertise for all industries in more than 47 countries. Bringing together 47 000 world-class talents  Eviden expands the possibilities of data and technology across the digital continuum  now and for generations to come. Eviden is an Atos Group company with an annual revenue of c. € 5 billion.About AtosAtos is a global leader in digital transformation with c. 95 000 employees and annual revenue of c. € 11 billion. European number one in cybersecurity  cloud and high-performance computing  the Group provides tailored end-to-end solutions for all industries in 69 countries. A pioneer in decarbonization services and products  Atos is committed to a secure and decarbonized digital for its clients. Atos is a SE (Societas Europaea) and listed on Euronext Paris.The purpose of Atos is to help design the future of the information space. Its expertise and services support the development of knowledge  education and research in a multicultural approach and contribute to the development of scientific and technological excellence. Across the world  the Group enables its customers and employees  and members of societies at large to live  work and develop sustainably  in a safe and secure information space.Press contactZohra DALI – zohra.dali.external@eviden.com - +33 6 71 92 71 871 The SIAé (Service Industriel de l'Aéronautique) is in charge of maintenance (MCO) and modernization activities for the French armed forces' aircraft and helicopters. The SIAé is made up of 5 AIAs (Ateliers Industriels de l'Aéronautique).2 The E-2Ds are embarked on the Charles de Gaulle as ""airborne surveillance  command and control aircraft"". They will subsequently be taken on board the future aircraft carrier (PA NG).3 Eviden business is operated through the following brands: AppCentrica  ATHEA  Cloudamize  Cloudreach  Cryptovision  DataSentics  Edifixio  Energy4U  Engage ESM  Evidian  Forensik  IDEAL GRP  In Fidem  Ipsotek  Maven Wave  Profit4SF  SEC Consult  Visual BI  Worldgrid  X-Perion. Eviden is a registered trademark. © Eviden SAS  2024.Attachment",neutral,0.05,0.95,0.01,neutral,0.06,0.93,0.01,True,English,"['E-2D Hawkeye command', 'secure multifunction computer', 'main computer', 'tactical system', 'French Navy', 'control aircraft', 'Eviden', 'heart', 'detection', ""French armed forces' aircraft"", 'American E-2D Hawkeye aircraft', 'MLS Gateway multifunction computer', 'complementary French tactical data', 'native American system', 'E-2D Hawkeye command', 'bidirectional real-time exchange', 'EMAR 21G approval', 'real-time bidirectional exchange', 'worldwide leading positions', 'Charles de Gaulle', 'secure multifunction computer', 'MLS Gateway solutions', 'additional French capabilities', 'cyber secure gateways', 'E-2D Hawkeye2 command', 'constrained military environments', 'Aeronautics business unit', 'air/land/sea embedded environments', 'French tactical system', 'specific environmental needs', 'embedded computing solution', 'secure, sovereign gateways', 'Aeronautical Industrial Service', 'future aircraft carrier', 'Service Industriel de', 'native embedded systems', 'sustainable digital transformation', 'next-gen technology leader', 'secure information space', 'Atos Group company', 'Atos Group business', 'main computer', 'French Ministry', 'French Navy', 'control aircraft', 'critical environments', 'aeronautical equipment', 'operational needs', 'global leader', 'advanced computing', 'high-performance computing', 'Atelier Industriel', 'sovereign systems', 'end solutions', 'digital platforms', 'digital continuum', 'decarbonized digital', 'Press release', 'Aéronautique', 'operational conditions', 'naval aviation', 'Bruno Milard', 'Vice President', 'operational requirements', 'different domains', 'IT infrastructures', 'critical information', 'external intrusions', 'data-driven, trusted', 'strong portfolio', 'patented technologies', '47,000 world-class talents', 'annual revenue', 'European number', 'Societas Europaea', 'Euronext Paris', 'multicultural approach', 'technological excellence', 'Press contact', 'modernization activities', 'Ateliers Industriels', 'The E-2Ds', 'airborne surveillance', 'PA NG', 'following brands', 'IDEAL GRP', 'Maven Wave', 'SEC Consult', 'Visual BI', 'registered trademark', 'big data', '3 Eviden business', 'The SIAé', 'new contract', 'decarbonization services', 'Zohra DALI', 'connected chain', 'deep expertise', 'Eviden SAS', 'Defense Electronics', 'computers', 'SIAé1', 'heart', 'detection', 'EUROSATORY', 'Villepinte', 'France', 'June', 'cloud', 'security', 'compartmentalization', 'board', 'AIA', 'Cuers-Pierrefeu', 'segregation', 'authorized', 'partitioning', 'sovereignty', 'design', 'manufacture', 'maintenance', 'production', 'Head', 'field', 'range', 'customers', 'challenges', 'networks', 'integrity', 'accessibility', 'Eviden3', 'industries', '47 countries', 'possibilities', 'generations', 'c.', '95,000 employees', 'tailored', '69 countries', 'pioneer', 'products', 'clients', 'purpose', 'development', 'knowledge', 'education', 'research', 'scientific', 'members', 'societies', 'large', 'safe', 'charge', 'MCO', 'helicopters', 'AppCentrica', 'ATHEA', 'Cryptovision', 'DataSentics', 'Edifixio', 'Energy4U', 'Engage', 'ESM', 'Evidian', 'Forensik', 'Fidem', 'Ipsotek', 'Profit4SF', 'Worldgrid', 'X-Perion']",2024-06-17,2024-06-18,marketscreener.com
42901,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/AZELIS-GROUP-NV-127080828/news/Azelis-Transparency-Notification-46987260/,Azelis: Transparency Notification,(marketscreener.com)   Azelis: Transparency Notification      17 Jun 2024 18:05 CEST    Subscribe     Issuer   Azelis Group NV      Regulatory News:   In accordance with Article 14 of the...https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/sto…,Azelis: Transparency NotificationRegulatory News:In accordance with Article 14 of the Belgian Transparency law of May 2  2007  Azelis Group NV (Brussels:AZE) (the Company) announces that it has received the following transparency notification on June 14  2024:Transparency notification from Invesco Ltd.1. Summary of the notificationInvesco Ltd. reported in a notification dated June 14  2024  that on October 9  2023  following an acquisition of voting securities  the shareholding of one of its affiliates (Invesco Asset Management Ltd.) crossed the threshold of 5 00% in Azelis Group NV.On October 9  2023  Invesco Ltd. (taking into account the holding of its affiliates) owned 13 840 259 shares with voting rights  representing 5.67% of the total number of shares issued by the company (243 921 719).2. Content of the notificationReason for the notificationAcquisition or disposal of voting securities or voting rightsNotification byA parent undertaking or a controlling personPersons subject to the notification requirementName Address (for legal entities) Invesco Ltd. 1331 Spring Street NW  Suite 2500  Atlanta  Georgia 30309  USADate on which the threshold is crossedOctober 9  2023Threshold that is crossed (in %)5%Denominator243 921 719Notified DetailsA) Voting rights Previous notification After the transaction # of voting rights # of voting rights % of voting rights Holders of voting rights Linked to securities Not linked to securities Linked to securities Not linked to the securities Invesco Ltd. 0 0 0 0.00% 0.00% Invesco Advisers  Inc. 30 882 871 032 0 0.36% 0.00% Invesco Asset Management Limited 11 556 604 12 261 525 0 5.03% 0.00% Invesco Capital Management LLC 512 683 0 0.00% 0.00% Invesco Management S.A. 683 689 707 019 0 0.29% 0.00% Subtotal 12 271 687 13 840 259 5.67% TOTAL 13 840 259 0 5.67% 0.00%B) Equivalent financial Instruments After the transaction Holders of equivalentfinancial instruments Type of financial instrument Expiration date Exercise period or date # of voting rights that may be acquired if the instrument is exercised % of voting rights Settlement Invesco Asset Management Limited Shares lent to third parties 690 405 0.28% TOTAL 690 405 0.28%TOTAL (A & B) # of voting rights % of voting rights CALCULATE 14 530 664 5.96%Chain of controlled undertakings through which the holding is effectively held  if applicableThis disclosure is made on behalf of Invesco Ltd. and relates to shares beneficially owned by various mutual and pension funds managed by Invesco Ltd. and its subsidiary companies  whereby Invesco Ltd. has discretion as to the acquisition and disposal of the shares and as to the exercise of the voting rights associated with the shares as at 09/10/2023. Invesco Ltd. is not a controlled entity. Invesco Ltd. is the parent company controlling the voting rights for the below; Invesco Advisers  Inc. 0.36% ; Invesco Capital Management LLC 0.00% ; Invesco Asset Management Limited 5.31% ; Invesco Management S.A. 0.29%.Additional informationThe acquisition of the shares in the (company)  by Invesco (on behalf of funds managed by affiliates of the group management companies) to Invesco Ltd  is part of the normal course of its portfolio management company activity  conducted without intent to implement a particular strategy for the company  or to exercise  as such  a specific influence on the management of the latter. The company  Invesco (on behalf of funds managed by affiliates of the group management companies) is not acting in concert with a third party and does not intend to take control of the company.3. Further informationThe full transparency notification as well as this press release can be consulted on the Azelis Group NV's website.About AzelisAzelis is a leading global innovation service provider in the specialty chemical and food ingredients industry  present in 65 countries across the globe with over 4 200 employees. Our knowledgeable teams of industry  market and technical experts are each dedicated to a specific market within Life Sciences and Industrial Chemicals. We offer a lateral value chain of complementary products to more than 63 000 customers  supported by +2 800 principal relationships  creating a turnover of €4.2 billion (2023). Azelis Group NV is listed on Euronext Brussels under ticker AZE.Across our extensive network of more than 70 application laboratories  our award-winning staff help develop formulations and provide technical guidance throughout the customers' product development process. We combine a global market reach with a local footprint to offer a reliable  integrated  and unique digital service to local customers and attractive -business opportunities to principals. Top industry-rated by Sustainalytics  Azelis is a leader in sustainability. We believe in building and nurturing solid  honest and transparent relationships with our people and partners.Impact through ideas. Innovation through formulation.www.azelis.comView source version on businesswire.com:https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20240617389296/en/For more information  please contact:Azelisinvestor-relations@azelis.com,neutral,0.02,0.97,0.01,negative,0.01,0.36,0.63,True,English,"['Transparency Notification', 'Azelis', 'Settlement Invesco Asset Management Limited Shares', 'leading global innovation service provider', 'Invesco Capital Management LLC', 'Invesco Management S.A.', ""customers' product development process"", 'notification requirement Name Address', 'portfolio management company activity', 'Invesco Asset Management Ltd', 'Expiration date Exercise period', 'unique digital service', 'group management companies', 'Spring Street NW', 'global market reach', 'attractive -business opportunities', 'financial instruments Type', 'Belgian Transparency law', 'lateral value chain', 'Azelis Group NV', 'food ingredients industry', 'Equivalent financial Instruments', 'following transparency notification', 'full transparency notification', 'Invesco Ltd', 'Invesco Advisers', 'subsidiary companies', 'local customers', 'voting rights', 'parent undertaking', 'controlling person', 'legal entities', 'third parties', 'controlled undertakings', 'various mutual', 'controlled entity', 'Additional information', 'normal course', 'particular strategy', 'specific influence', 'third party', 'Further information', 'press release', 'specialty chemical', 'knowledgeable teams', 'technical experts', 'specific market', 'Life Sciences', 'Industrial Chemicals', 'complementary products', '+2,800 principal relationships', 'extensive network', '70 application laboratories', 'award-winning staff', 'technical guidance', 'local footprint', 'solid, honest', 'transparent relationships', 'source version', 'Previous notification', 'Regulatory News', 'parent company', 'Euronext Brussels', 'voting securities', 'total number', 'pension funds', '63,000 customers', '13,840,259 shares', 'accordance', 'Article', 'May', 'June', 'Summary', 'October', 'acquisition', 'shareholding', 'affiliates', 'threshold', 'account', 'Content', 'Reason', 'disposal', 'Persons', 'Suite', 'Atlanta', 'Georgia', 'USA', 'Denominator', 'Details', 'Holders', 'Subtotal', 'transaction', 'disclosure', 'behalf', 'discretion', '09/10', 'intent', 'concert', 'website', '65 countries', 'globe', '4,200 employees', 'turnover', 'ticker', 'formulations', 'principals', 'Sustainalytics', 'leader', 'sustainability', 'people', 'partners', 'Impact', 'ideas', 'businesswire']",2024-06-17,2024-06-18,marketscreener.com
42902,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/TECHNIP-ENERGIES-N-V-118964900/news/Weekly-report-share-buyback-from-June-10-to-June-14-2024-46986860/,Weekly report share buyback from June 10 to June 14  2024,(marketscreener.com) In accordance with the regulations relating to share buybacks  Technip Energies declares the following purchases of its own shares from June 10  2024  to June 14  2024. These transactions were carried out as part of the buyback program wi…,In accordance with the regulations relating to share buybacks  Technip Energies (PARIS:TE) declares the following purchases of its own shares from June 10  2024  to June 14  2024.These transactions were carried out as part of the buyback program with a discretionary mandate carried out by an investment services provider making decisions relating to the acquisition of Technip Energies shares independently.Regarding shares to be cancelled:Name of the Issuer Identity code of the Issuer Day of the transaction Identity code of the financial instrument Total daily volume (in number of shares) Daily weighted average purchase price of the shares Market (MIC Code) TECHNIP ENERGIES NV 724500FLODI49NSCIP70 6/10/2024 NL0014559478 21 000 21 865999 XPAR TECHNIP ENERGIES NV 724500FLODI49NSCIP70 6/11/2024 NL0014559478 21 000 21 780891 XPAR TECHNIP ENERGIES NV 724500FLODI49NSCIP70 6/12/2024 NL0014559478 21 000 21 637513 XPAR TECHNIP ENERGIES NV 724500FLODI49NSCIP70 6/13/2024 NL0014559478 21 000 21 366851 XPAR TECHNIP ENERGIES NV 724500FLODI49NSCIP70 6/14/2024 NL0014559478 21 000 20 527750 XPAR TOTAL 105 000 21 435801Regarding shares to be used to fulfil the company’s obligations under equity compensation plans:Name of the issuer Identity Day of the transaction Identity code of the financial instrument Total daily volume (in number of shares) Daily weighted average purchase price of the shares Market (MIC Code) TECHNIP ENERGIES NV 724500FLODI49NSCIP70 6/10/2024 NL0014559478 9 000 21 868491 XPAR TECHNIP ENERGIES NV 724500FLODI49NSCIP70 6/11/2024 NL0014559478 9 000 21 780767 XPAR TECHNIP ENERGIES NV 724500FLODI49NSCIP70 6/12/2024 NL0014559478 9 000 21 638151 XPAR TECHNIP ENERGIES NV 724500FLODI49NSCIP70 6/13/2024 NL0014559478 9 000 21 365844 XPAR TECHNIP ENERGIES NV 724500FLODI49NSCIP70 6/14/2024 NL0014559478 9 000 20 527720 XPAR TOTAL 45 000 21 436195For detailed information on the transactions carried out and on the objectives of the shares purchases  please refer to the detailed declaration available on: https://investors.technipenergies.com/notice-trading-own-shares .About Technip EnergiesTechnip Energies is a leading Engineering & Technology company for the energy transition  with leadership positions in Liquefied Natural Gas (LNG)  hydrogen and ethylene as well as growing market positions in blue and green hydrogen  sustainable chemistry and CO 2 management. The company benefits from its robust project delivery model supported by extensive technology  products and services offering.Operating in 34 countries  our 15 000 people are fully committed to bringing our client’s innovative projects to life  breaking boundaries to accelerate the energy transition for a better tomorrow.Technip Energies shares are listed on Euronext Paris. In addition  Technip Energies has a Level 1 sponsored American Depositary Receipts (“ADRs”) program  with its ADRs trading over-the-counter.For further information: www.ten.com .ContactsInvestors relationsPhillip LindsayVice-President  Investor RelationsTel: +44 203 429 3929Email: Phillip LindsayMedia RelationsJason HyonnePress Relations & Social Media LeadTel: +33 1 47 78 22 89Email: Jason HyonneAttachment,neutral,0.01,0.98,0.0,neutral,0.04,0.95,0.01,True,English,"['Weekly report share buyback', 'June', 'Daily weighted average purchase price', 'XPAR TECHNIP ENERGIES NV 724500FLODI49NSCIP70', 'robust project delivery model', 'Phillip Lindsay Media Relations', 'Phillip Lindsay Vice-President', 'Total daily volume', 'Social Media Lead', 'Technip Energies shares', 'equity compensation plans', 'Liquefied Natural Gas', 'American Depositary Receipts', 'investment services provider', 'Jason Hyonne Attachment', 'growing market positions', 'XPAR TOTAL', 'Issuer Identity code', 'leadership positions', 'services offering', 'Investor Relations', 'Press Relations', 'Identity Day', 'MIC Code', 'shares Market', 'share buybacks', 'following purchases', 'discretionary mandate', 'Issuer Day', 'financial instrument', 'detailed declaration', 'leading Engineering', 'energy transition', 'sustainable chemistry', 'CO 2 management', 'extensive technology', 'innovative projects', 'Investors relations', 'shares purchases', 'buyback program', 'detailed information', 'green hydrogen', 'Euronext Paris', 'Technology company', 'accordance', 'regulations', 'June', 'transactions', 'part', 'decisions', 'acquisition', 'Name', 'number', 'obligations', 'objectives', 'technipenergies', 'own-shares', 'LNG', 'ethylene', 'blue', 'products', '34 countries', '15,000 people', 'client', 'life', 'boundaries', 'tomorrow', 'addition', 'Level 1', 'ADRs', 'counter', 'Contacts', 'Tel', 'Email']",2024-06-17,2024-06-18,marketscreener.com
42903,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/BOUSSARD-GAVAUDAN-HOLDING-36044/news/BGHL-EUR-NAV-s-46982350/,BGHL (EUR): NAV(s),(marketscreener.com)                                       BOUSSARD & GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITED Ordinary Shares The Directors of Boussard & Gavaudan Holding Limited...https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/BOUSSARD-GAVAUDAN-HOLDING-36044/news/BGHL-EUR-NAV-…,"BOUSSARD & GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITEDOrdinary SharesThe Directors of Boussard & Gavaudan Holding Limited would like to announce the following information for the Company.Close of business 14 Jun 2024.Estimated NAVEuro Shares Sterling Shares Estimated NAV € 27.9794 £ 25.0975 Estimated MTD return -0.18 % -0.12 % Estimated YTD return 1.57 % 2.15 % Estimated ITD return 179.79 % 150.97 %NAV and returns are calculated net of management and performance feesMarket informationEuro Shares Amsterdam (AEX) London (LSE) Market Close € 26.60 N/A Premium/discount to estimated NAV -4.93 % N/A Sterling Shares Amsterdam (AEX) London (LSE) Market Close N/A GBX 2 150.00 Premium/discount to estimated NAV N/A -14.33 %Transactions in own securities purchased into treasuryOrdinary Shares Euro Shares Sterling Shares Number of shares N/A N/A Average Price N/A N/A Range of Price N/A N/ALiquidity Enhancement Agreement Euro Shares Sterling Shares Number of shares N/A N/A Average Price N/A N/ABGHL CapitalBGHL Ordinary Shares Euro Shares Sterling Shares Shares Outstanding 12 299 516 123 090 Held in treasury N/A N/A Shares Issued 12 299 516 123 090Estimated BG Fund NAVClass B Euro Shares (estimated) € 251.6112 Class GBP A Shares (estimated) £ 134.6355The Class B Euro Shares of BG Fund are not subject to investment manager fees  as the Investment Manager receives management fees and performance fees in respect of its role as Investment Manager of BGHL.For further information please contact:Boussard & Gavaudan Investment Management  LLP.Emmanuel Gavaudan +44 (0) 20 3751 5389 Email : info@bgam-uk.comThe Company is established as a closed-ended investment company domiciled in Guernsey. The Company has received the necessary approval of the Guernsey Financial Services Commission and the States of Guernsey Policy Council. The Company is registered with the Dutch Authority for the Financial Markets as a collective investment scheme pursuant to article 2:73 in conjunction with 2:66 of the Dutch Financial Supervision Act (Wet op het financieel toezicht). The shares of the Company (the ""Shares"") are listed on Euronext Amsterdam. The Shares are also listed on the Official List of the UK Listing Authority and admitted to trading on the London Stock Exchange plc's main market for listed securities.This is not an offer to sell or a solicitation of any offer to buy any securities in the United States or in any other jurisdiction. This announcement is not intended to and does not constitute  or form part of  any offer or invitation to purchase any securities or the solicitation of any vote or approval in any jurisdiction  nor shall there be any sale  issuance or transfer of the securities referred to in this announcement in any jurisdiction in contravention of applicable law.Neither the Company nor BG Fund ICAV has been  and neither will be  registered under the US Investment Company Act of 1940  as amended (the ""Investment Company Act""). In addition the securities referenced in this announcement have not been and will not be registered under the US Securities Act of 1933  as amended (the ""Securities Act""). Consequently any such securities may not be offered  sold or otherwise transferred within the United States or to  or for the account or benefit of  US persons except in accordance with the Securities Act or an exemption therefrom and under circumstances which will not require the issuer of such securities to register under the Investment Company Act. No public offering of any securities will be made in the United States.You should always bear in mind that:all investment is subject to risk;results in the past are no guarantee of future results;the investment performance of BGHL may go down as well as up. You may not get back all of your original investment; andif you are in any doubt about the contents of this communication or if you consider making an investment decision  you are advised to seek expert financial advice.This communication is for information purposes only and the information contained in this communication should not be relied upon as a substitute for financial or other professional advice.Attachment",neutral,0.0,0.99,0.0,negative,0.01,0.27,0.72,True,English,"['BGHL', 'EUR', 'NAV', 'A Liquidity Enhancement Agreement Euro Shares Sterling Shares', 'The Class B Euro Shares', 'BGHL Ordinary Shares Euro Shares', 'Class GBP A Shares', 'A N/A Average Price', 'N/A Sterling Shares Amsterdam', 'London Stock Exchange plc', 'Guernsey Financial Services Commission', 'treasury N/A N/A Shares', 'Dutch Financial Supervision Act', 'Sterling Shares Shares', 'Euro Shares Amsterdam', 'A N/A Range', 'US Investment Company Act', 'expert financial advice', 'GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITED', 'Guernsey Policy Council', 'collective investment scheme', 'other professional advice', 'BG Fund ICAV', 'closed-ended investment company', 'UK Listing Authority', 'US Securities Act', 'Gavaudan Investment Management', 'investment manager fees', 'BG Fund NAV', 'The Shares', 'A Premium/discount', 'N/A GBX', 'Dutch Authority', 'Euronext Amsterdam', 'US persons', 'Financial Markets', 'The Directors', 'Emmanuel Gavaudan', 'The Company', 'investment performance', 'original investment', 'investment decision', 'performance fees', 'BGHL Capital', 'management fees', 'MTD return', 'YTD return', 'ITD return', 'financieel toezicht', 'Official List', 'applicable law', 'public offering', 'other jurisdiction', 'United States', 'following information', 'information purposes', 'Estimated NAV', 'necessary approval', 'main market', 'future results', 'listed securities', 'Market information', 'BOUSSARD', 'business', 'Jun', 'returns', 'AEX', 'LSE', 'Transactions', 'Number', 'Outstanding', 'respect', 'role', 'LLP.', 'Email', 'bgam', 'article', 'solicitation', 'announcement', 'part', 'invitation', 'vote', 'sale', 'issuance', 'transfer', 'contravention', 'addition', 'account', 'benefit', 'accordance', 'exemption', 'circumstances', 'issuer', 'mind', 'risk', 'past', 'guarantee', 'doubt', 'contents', 'communication', 'substitute', 'Attachment']",2024-06-17,2024-06-18,marketscreener.com
42904,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2024/06/17/2899321/0/en/BGHL-GBP-NAV-s.html,BGHL (GBP): NAV(s),BOUSSARD & GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITED      Ordinary Shares      The Directors of Boussard & Gavaudan...,"BOUSSARD & GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITEDOrdinary SharesThe Directors of Boussard & Gavaudan Holding Limited would like to announce the following information for the Company.Close of business 14 Jun 2024.Estimated NAVEuro Shares Sterling Shares Estimated NAV € 27.9794 £ 25.0975 Estimated MTD return -0.18 % -0.12 % Estimated YTD return 1.57 % 2.15 % Estimated ITD return 179.79 % 150.97 %NAV and returns are calculated net of management and performance feesMarket informationEuro Shares Amsterdam (AEX) London (LSE) Market Close € 26.60 N/A Premium/discount to estimated NAV -4.93 % N/A Sterling Shares Amsterdam (AEX) London (LSE) Market Close N/A GBX 2 150.00 Premium/discount to estimated NAV N/A -14.33 %Transactions in own securities purchased into treasuryOrdinary Shares Euro Shares Sterling Shares Number of shares N/A N/A Average Price N/A N/A Range of Price N/A N/ALiquidity Enhancement Agreement Euro Shares Sterling Shares Number of shares N/A N/A Average Price N/A N/ABGHL CapitalBGHL Ordinary Shares Euro Shares Sterling Shares Shares Outstanding 12 299 516 123 090 Held in treasury N/A N/A Shares Issued 12 299 516 123 090Estimated BG Fund NAVClass B Euro Shares (estimated) € 251.6112 Class GBP A Shares (estimated) £ 134.6355The Class B Euro Shares of BG Fund are not subject to investment manager fees  as the Investment Manager receives management fees and performance fees in respect of its role as Investment Manager of BGHL.For further information please contact:Boussard & Gavaudan Investment Management  LLP.Emmanuel Gavaudan +44 (0) 20 3751 5389 Email : info@bgam-uk.comThe Company is established as a closed-ended investment company domiciled in Guernsey. The Company has received the necessary approval of the Guernsey Financial Services Commission and the States of Guernsey Policy Council. The Company is registered with the Dutch Authority for the Financial Markets as a collective investment scheme pursuant to article 2:73 in conjunction with 2:66 of the Dutch Financial Supervision Act (Wet op het financieel toezicht). The shares of the Company (the ""Shares"") are listed on Euronext Amsterdam. The Shares are also listed on the Official List of the UK Listing Authority and admitted to trading on the London Stock Exchange plc's main market for listed securities.This is not an offer to sell or a solicitation of any offer to buy any securities in the United States or in any other jurisdiction. This announcement is not intended to and does not constitute  or form part of  any offer or invitation to purchase any securities or the solicitation of any vote or approval in any jurisdiction  nor shall there be any sale  issuance or transfer of the securities referred to in this announcement in any jurisdiction in contravention of applicable law.Neither the Company nor BG Fund ICAV has been  and neither will be  registered under the US Investment Company Act of 1940  as amended (the ""Investment Company Act""). In addition the securities referenced in this announcement have not been and will not be registered under the US Securities Act of 1933  as amended (the ""Securities Act""). Consequently any such securities may not be offered  sold or otherwise transferred within the United States or to  or for the account or benefit of  US persons except in accordance with the Securities Act or an exemption therefrom and under circumstances which will not require the issuer of such securities to register under the Investment Company Act. No public offering of any securities will be made in the United States.You should always bear in mind that:all investment is subject to risk;results in the past are no guarantee of future results;the investment performance of BGHL may go down as well as up. You may not get back all of your original investment; andif you are in any doubt about the contents of this communication or if you consider making an investment decision  you are advised to seek expert financial advice.This communication is for information purposes only and the information contained in this communication should not be relied upon as a substitute for financial or other professional advice.Attachment",neutral,0.0,0.99,0.0,negative,0.01,0.27,0.72,True,English,"['BGHL', 'GBP', 'NAV', 'A Liquidity Enhancement Agreement Euro Shares Sterling Shares', 'The Class B Euro Shares', 'BGHL Ordinary Shares Euro Shares', 'Class GBP A Shares', 'A N/A Average Price', 'N/A Sterling Shares Amsterdam', 'London Stock Exchange plc', 'Guernsey Financial Services Commission', 'treasury N/A N/A Shares', 'Dutch Financial Supervision Act', 'Sterling Shares Shares', 'Euro Shares Amsterdam', 'A N/A Range', 'US Investment Company Act', 'expert financial advice', 'GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITED', 'Guernsey Policy Council', 'collective investment scheme', 'other professional advice', 'BG Fund ICAV', 'closed-ended investment company', 'UK Listing Authority', 'US Securities Act', 'Gavaudan Investment Management', 'investment manager fees', 'BG Fund NAV', 'The Shares', 'A Premium/discount', 'N/A GBX', 'Dutch Authority', 'Euronext Amsterdam', 'US persons', 'Financial Markets', 'The Directors', 'Emmanuel Gavaudan', 'The Company', 'investment performance', 'original investment', 'investment decision', 'performance fees', 'BGHL Capital', 'management fees', 'MTD return', 'YTD return', 'ITD return', 'financieel toezicht', 'Official List', 'applicable law', 'public offering', 'other jurisdiction', 'United States', 'following information', 'information purposes', 'Estimated NAV', 'necessary approval', 'main market', 'future results', 'listed securities', 'Market information', 'BOUSSARD', 'business', 'Jun', 'returns', 'AEX', 'LSE', 'Transactions', 'Number', 'Outstanding', 'respect', 'role', 'LLP.', 'Email', 'bgam', 'article', 'solicitation', 'announcement', 'part', 'invitation', 'vote', 'sale', 'issuance', 'transfer', 'contravention', 'addition', 'account', 'benefit', 'accordance', 'exemption', 'circumstances', 'issuer', 'mind', 'risk', 'past', 'guarantee', 'doubt', 'contents', 'communication', 'substitute', 'Attachment']",2024-06-17,2024-06-18,globenewswire.com
42905,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/WOLTERS-KLUWER-N-V-6291/news/Wolters-Kluwer-AI-powered-advanced-virtual-agent-ushers-in-the-next-generation-of-customer-support-46985220/,Wolters Kluwer AI-powered advanced virtual agent ushers in the next generation of customer support,(marketscreener.com) Advancements leverage Generative AI technologies to enhance efficiency  deliver critical insights  and drive unparalleled value for customers.https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/WOLTERS-KLUWER-N-V-6291/news/Wolters-Kluwer-AI-pow…,"Advancements leverage Generative AI (GenAI) technologies to enhance efficiency  deliver critical insights  and drive unparalleled value for customers.Wolters Kluwer Tax & Accounting (TAA)  a global leader in professional information  software solutions  and services  today announced the release of new GenAI capabilities within its proprietary advanced virtual agent chatbot serving customers globally.Designed with an emphasis on customer experience  the advanced virtual agent understands questions asked and written in everyday language  enabling quick and efficient responses  significantly narrowing the gap between query and solution. The technological enhancements also extend to support service agents by aiding in the creation of case summaries and knowledge-based articles  freeing them to focus on complex inquiries.TAA’s advanced virtual agent operates in 10 countries  speaks six languages  and is integrated into 29 tax and accounting solutions  and the new enhancements will be first introduced in the U.S.""Wolters Kluwer’s AI-powered solutions have consistently resolved complex challenges for our customers for decades  and this is the next evolution in how we’re building firm intelligence  enabling professionals to maximize expertise and optimize their productivity through instant access to relevant internal information "" said Garrett Hale  Executive Vice President  Global Operations  Wolters Kluwer TAA.Revolutionizing Customer ServiceThe GenAI enhancements continue to deliver on the TAA AI strategy  highlighting the power GenAI has to enhance the customer service paradigm and elevate the tax and accounting professional with quicker access to support and answers with improved capabilities.Harnessing the prowess of GenAI  the advanced virtual agent’s evolution is a testament to TAA's commitment to improving and investing in technological infrastructure.The new AI functionality within the advanced virtual agent also offers numerous benefits to Wolters Kluwer’s customer service representatives  including improved productivity through instant access to relevant internal information and administrative task assistance. The advanced virtual agent’s ability to integrate with other workplace tools creates a convenient  all-in-one resource for employees.Expanding Capabilities GloballyThe initial launch of these capabilities is set for the U.S. with plans to roll out globally later in the year. This phased approach ensures a seamless transition and optimal performance across different regions.Additional AI-enabled solutionsTAA’s upcoming AI enhancements are a continuation of more than a decade of investing in and deploying multiple forms of artificial intelligence into its global portfolio of award-winning tax and accounting solutions  including CCH Axcess™  CCH iQ  Twinfield  CCH® ProSystem fx®  and Xpitax® Outsourcing.Additionally  TAA recently launched GenAI features within CCH® AnswerConnect – the industry’s longest standing research solution – that generate responses through an interactive Q&A function  enriching the search experience for customers with relevant and timely intelligence. The new GenAI enhanced search functionality within CCH AnswerConnect allows for natural language queries from trusted sources within Wolters Kluwer content and helps customers understand recent tax law changes  prepare tax returns and identify tax planning opportunities.Responsible AIWolters Kluwer adheres to development standards and processes that promote responsibility and accountability for AI systems and their outcomes. The company addresses risk management and issue remediation during design  development and after deployment. In 2023  the company released its AI Principles  which support the development of secure  explainable AI that is rooted in its high-quality  expert-curated  domain content.Wolters Kluwer TAA enables tax and accounting professionals and businesses of all sizes to drive productivity  navigate change  and deliver better outcomes.For more information on the latest in AI  please visit Wolters Kluwer’s corporate AI Center or the TAA AI Hub page.About Wolters KluwerWolters Kluwer (EURONEXT: WKL) is a global leader in information  software solutions and services for professionals in healthcare; tax and accounting; financial and corporate compliance; legal and regulatory; corporate performance and ESG. We help our customers make critical decisions every day by providing expert solutions that combine deep domain knowledge with technology and services.Wolters Kluwer reported 2023 annual revenues of €5.6 billion. The group serves customers in over 180 countries  maintains operations in over 40 countries  and employs approximately 21 400 people worldwide. The company is headquartered in Alphen aan den Rijn  the Netherlands.For more information  visit www.wolterskluwer.com  follow us on LinkedIn  Facebook  YouTube and Instagram.View source version on businesswire.com: https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20240617618977/en/",neutral,0.05,0.95,0.0,positive,0.61,0.38,0.01,True,English,"['Wolters Kluwer AI-powered advanced virtual agent ushers', 'next generation', 'customer support', 'Alphen aan den Rijn', 'interactive Q&A function', 'high-quality, expert-curated, domain content', 'longest standing research solution', 'recent tax law changes', 'advanced virtual agent chatbot', 'TAA AI Hub page', 'deep domain knowledge', 'Executive Vice President', 'administrative task assistance', 'other workplace tools', 'secure, explainable AI', 'natural language queries', 'Wolters Kluwer content', 'CCH® ProSystem fx', 'Additional AI-enabled solutions', 'upcoming AI enhancements', 'customer service paradigm', 'customer service representatives', 'tax planning opportunities', 'corporate AI Center', 'TAA AI strategy', 'new AI functionality', 'The GenAI enhancements', 'relevant internal information', 'Wolters Kluwer Tax', 'Wolters Kluwer TAA.', 'new GenAI capabilities', 'new enhancements', 'a decade', 'Generative AI', 'Responsible AI', 'AI systems', 'AI Principles', 'customer experience', 'everyday language', 'technological enhancements', 'service agents', 'search functionality', 'corporate compliance', 'corporate performance', 'CCH Axcess™', 'CCH iQ', 'CCH® AnswerConnect', 'CCH AnswerConnect', 'software solutions', 'AI-powered solutions', 'expert solutions', 'GenAI) technologies', 'critical insights', 'unparalleled value', 'global leader', 'case summaries', 'knowledge-based articles', 'complex inquiries', 'six languages', 'U.S.', 'complex challenges', 'firm intelligence', 'instant access', 'Garrett Hale', 'quicker access', 'technological infrastructure', 'numerous benefits', 'one resource', 'initial launch', 'phased approach', 'seamless transition', 'optimal performance', 'different regions', 'multiple forms', 'artificial intelligence', 'global portfolio', 'award-winning tax', 'Xpitax® Outsourcing', 'GenAI features', 'search experience', 'timely intelligence', 'trusted sources', 'tax returns', 'risk management', 'issue remediation', 'critical decisions', '2023 annual revenues', 'source version', 'professional information', 'accounting solutions', 'Expanding Capabilities', 'accounting professional', 'efficient responses', 'next evolution', 'Global Operations', 'development standards', '29 tax', 'professionals', 'Advancements', 'efficiency', 'customers', 'services', 'release', 'proprietary', 'emphasis', 'questions', 'gap', 'creation', '10 countries', 'decades', 'expertise', 'productivity', 'support', 'answers', 'prowess', 'testament', 'commitment', 'ability', 'convenient', 'employees', 'plans', 'year', 'continuation', 'Twinfield', 'industry', 'processes', 'responsibility', 'outcomes', 'company', 'design', 'deployment', 'businesses', 'sizes', 'EURONEXT', 'WKL', 'healthcare', 'financial', 'legal', 'regulatory', 'ESG', 'technology', 'group', '180 countries', '40 countries', '21,400 people', 'Netherlands', 'wolterskluwer', 'LinkedIn', 'Facebook', 'YouTube', 'Instagram', 'businesswire']",2024-06-17,2024-06-18,marketscreener.com
42906,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.etfdailynews.com/2024/06/17/public-storage-nysepsa-shares-purchased-by-vanguard-group-inc/,Public Storage (NYSE:PSA) Shares Purchased by Vanguard Group Inc.,Vanguard Group Inc. boosted its position in Public Storage (NYSE:PSA – Free Report) by 0.1% in the fourth quarter  according to the company in its most recent Form 13F filing with the Securities & Exchange Commission. The firm owned 20 728 804 shares of the r…,Vanguard Group Inc. boosted its position in Public Storage (NYSE:PSA – Free Report) by 0.1% in the fourth quarter  according to the company in its most recent Form 13F filing with the Securities & Exchange Commission. The firm owned 20 728 804 shares of the real estate investment trust’s stock after purchasing an additional 17 417 shares during the period. Vanguard Group Inc. owned about 11.80% of Public Storage worth $6 322 285 000 as of its most recent filing with the Securities & Exchange Commission.Other hedge funds have also recently added to or reduced their stakes in the company. EverSource Wealth Advisors LLC lifted its position in Public Storage by 107.3% in the fourth quarter. EverSource Wealth Advisors LLC now owns 85 shares of the real estate investment trust’s stock valued at $26 000 after purchasing an additional 44 shares during the period. Core Wealth Advisors Inc. acquired a new stake in shares of Public Storage during the 4th quarter valued at approximately $30 000. EdgeRock Capital LLC acquired a new stake in shares of Public Storage during the 4th quarter valued at approximately $32 000. Private Ocean LLC lifted its position in shares of Public Storage by 5 450.0% during the 4th quarter. Private Ocean LLC now owns 111 shares of the real estate investment trust’s stock valued at $34 000 after acquiring an additional 109 shares during the period. Finally  Centerpoint Advisors LLC acquired a new stake in shares of Public Storage during the 4th quarter valued at approximately $35 000. Institutional investors and hedge funds own 78.79% of the company’s stock.Get Public Storage alerts:Insiders Place Their BetsIn other news  insider Nathaniel A. Vitan sold 400 shares of the business’s stock in a transaction on Monday  June 10th. The shares were sold at an average price of $274.29  for a total transaction of $109 716.00. Following the completion of the sale  the insider now directly owns 3 214 shares of the company’s stock  valued at approximately $881 568.06. The sale was disclosed in a filing with the Securities & Exchange Commission  which can be accessed through this link. In other news  insider Nathaniel A. Vitan sold 400 shares of the business’s stock in a transaction on Monday  June 10th. The shares were sold at an average price of $274.29  for a total transaction of $109 716.00. Following the completion of the sale  the insider now directly owns 3 214 shares of the company’s stock  valued at approximately $881 568.06. The sale was disclosed in a filing with the Securities & Exchange Commission  which can be accessed through this link. Also  Director Kristy Pipes acquired 2 149 shares of the stock in a transaction dated Tuesday  May 14th. The shares were bought at an average cost of $278.96 per share  with a total value of $599 485.04. Following the completion of the purchase  the director now directly owns 2 149 shares in the company  valued at $599 485.04. The disclosure for this purchase can be found here. 11.10% of the stock is owned by corporate insiders.Analyst Ratings ChangesA number of equities research analysts have recently issued reports on the stock. BMO Capital Markets lifted their price target on shares of Public Storage from $325.00 to $330.00 and gave the company an “outperform” rating in a research report on Tuesday  March 19th. Raymond James upgraded shares of Public Storage from a “market perform” rating to a “strong-buy” rating and set a $330.00 price target for the company in a research report on Thursday  March 28th. Barclays dropped their price objective on shares of Public Storage from $330.00 to $327.00 and set an “overweight” rating for the company in a research note on Monday  May 20th. Wells Fargo & Company raised shares of Public Storage from an “equal weight” rating to an “overweight” rating and raised their price objective for the stock from $280.00 to $310.00 in a research note on Friday  April 5th. Finally  Scotiabank raised their price objective on shares of Public Storage from $267.00 to $270.00 and gave the stock a “sector perform” rating in a research note on Monday  March 18th. One equities research analyst has rated the stock with a sell rating  four have assigned a hold rating  six have given a buy rating and one has issued a strong buy rating to the company’s stock. Based on data from MarketBeat  Public Storage presently has a consensus rating of “Moderate Buy” and an average target price of $303.00.Read Our Latest Research Report on Public StoragePublic Storage Trading Down 1.3 %PSA stock traded down $3.73 during midday trading on Monday  hitting $279.52. The stock had a trading volume of 75 044 shares  compared to its average volume of 706 101. The firm has a market cap of $49.12 billion  a PE ratio of 25.73  a price-to-earnings-growth ratio of 3.96 and a beta of 0.63. The company has a debt-to-equity ratio of 1.59  a current ratio of 0.54 and a quick ratio of 0.54. Public Storage has a 12-month low of $233.18 and a 12-month high of $312.25. The company’s 50-day moving average price is $272.60 and its 200 day moving average price is $281.57.Public Storage Announces DividendThe company also recently announced a quarterly dividend  which will be paid on Thursday  June 27th. Shareholders of record on Wednesday  June 12th will be paid a $3.00 dividend. The ex-dividend date of this dividend is Wednesday  June 12th. This represents a $12.00 annualized dividend and a yield of 4.29%. Public Storage’s payout ratio is currently 108.99%.Public Storage Profile(Free Report)Public Storage  a member of the S&P 500 and FT Global 500  is a REIT that primarily acquires  develops  owns  and operates self-storage facilities. At December 31  2023  we had: (i) interests in 3 044 self-storage facilities located in 40 states with approximately 218 million net rentable square feet in the United States and (ii) a 35% common equity interest in Shurgard Self Storage Limited (Euronext Brussels: SHUR)  which owned 275 self-storage facilities located in seven Western European nations with approximately 15 million net rentable square feet operated under the Shurgard brand.Featured StoriesWant to see what other hedge funds are holding PSA? Visit HoldingsChannel.com to get the latest 13F filings and insider trades for Public Storage (NYSE:PSA – Free Report).Receive News & Ratings for Public Storage Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Public Storage and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.,neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,neutral,0.02,0.94,0.04,True,English,"['Vanguard Group Inc.', 'Public Storage', 'NYSE', 'PSA', 'Shares', 'real estate investment trust', 'EverSource Wealth Advisors LLC', 'Core Wealth Advisors Inc.', 'One equities research analyst', '50-day moving average price', '200 day moving average price', 'recent Form 13F filing', 'Centerpoint Advisors LLC', 'Analyst Ratings Changes', 'Vanguard Group Inc.', 'EdgeRock Capital LLC', 'Private Ocean LLC', 'Nathaniel A. Vitan', 'equities research analysts', 'BMO Capital Markets', 'equal weight” rating', 'sector perform” rating', 'Director Kristy Pipes', 'market perform” rating', 'Latest Research Report', 'strong buy rating', 'average target price', 'Other hedge funds', 'Public Storage alerts', 'Public Storage Trading', 'recent filing', 'price target', 'average cost', 'average volume', 'price objective', 'research note', 'market cap', 'other news', 'outperform” rating', 'strong-buy” rating', 'overweight” rating', 'sell rating', 'hold rating', 'consensus rating', 'Moderate Buy', 'midday trading', 'trading volume', 'Free Report', 'NYSE:PSA', 'fourth quarter', 'Exchange Commission', 'new stake', '4th quarter', 'Institutional investors', 'total value', 'Raymond James', 'Wells Fargo', 'April 5th', 'PE ratio', 'earnings-growth ratio', 'equity ratio', 'current ratio', 'quick ratio', 'corporate insiders', '12-month low', 'total transaction', 'additional 17,417 shares', 'additional 44 shares', 'additional 109 shares', 'PSA stock', '20,728,804 shares', '85 shares', '111 shares', '400 shares', '3,214 shares', '2,149 shares', '75,044 shares', 'position', 'company', 'Securities', 'firm', 'period', 'stakes', 'Bets', 'business', 'Monday', 'June', 'completion', 'sale', 'link', 'purchase', 'disclosure', 'number', 'reports', 'Tuesday', 'March', 'Thursday', 'Barclays', 'May', 'Friday', 'Scotiabank', 'data', 'MarketBeat', 'beta', 'debt']",2024-06-17,2024-06-18,etfdailynews.com
42907,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.etfdailynews.com/2024/06/17/slagle-financial-llc-has-2-60-million-position-in-public-storage-nysepsa/,Slagle Financial LLC Has $2.60 Million Position in Public Storage (NYSE:PSA),Slagle Financial LLC boosted its position in Public Storage (NYSE:PSA – Free Report) by 101.9% in the fourth quarter  according to the company in its most recent 13F filing with the Securities & Exchange Commission. The institutional investor owned 8 516 shar…,Slagle Financial LLC boosted its position in Public Storage (NYSE:PSA – Free Report) by 101.9% in the fourth quarter  according to the company in its most recent 13F filing with the Securities & Exchange Commission. The institutional investor owned 8 516 shares of the real estate investment trust’s stock after purchasing an additional 4 299 shares during the period. Slagle Financial LLC’s holdings in Public Storage were worth $2 597 000 at the end of the most recent quarter.A number of other institutional investors and hedge funds have also bought and sold shares of the company. JPMorgan Chase & Co. grew its position in shares of Public Storage by 29.9% in the 3rd quarter. JPMorgan Chase & Co. now owns 3 168 763 shares of the real estate investment trust’s stock valued at $835 032 000 after buying an additional 729 262 shares during the last quarter. Norges Bank bought a new stake in shares of Public Storage during the 4th quarter valued at about $821 151 000. Charles Schwab Investment Management Inc. boosted its position in shares of Public Storage by 8.8% during the 4th quarter. Charles Schwab Investment Management Inc. now owns 2 687 170 shares of the real estate investment trust’s stock valued at $794 161 000 after purchasing an additional 216 331 shares in the last quarter. Northern Trust Corp boosted its position in shares of Public Storage by 2.8% during the 3rd quarter. Northern Trust Corp now owns 2 311 981 shares of the real estate investment trust’s stock valued at $609 253 000 after purchasing an additional 63 289 shares in the last quarter. Finally  APG Asset Management US Inc. boosted its position in shares of Public Storage by 4.7% during the 4th quarter. APG Asset Management US Inc. now owns 2 074 617 shares of the real estate investment trust’s stock valued at $632 758 000 after purchasing an additional 93 122 shares in the last quarter. Institutional investors and hedge funds own 78.79% of the company’s stock.Get Public Storage alerts:Insider Buying and Selling at Public StorageIn other news  Director Kristy Pipes acquired 2 149 shares of Public Storage stock in a transaction on Tuesday  May 14th. The stock was acquired at an average cost of $278.96 per share  with a total value of $599 485.04. Following the completion of the acquisition  the director now owns 2 149 shares in the company  valued at $599 485.04. The acquisition was disclosed in a legal filing with the Securities & Exchange Commission  which is available through this link. In other news  Director Kristy Pipes acquired 2 149 shares of Public Storage stock in a transaction on Tuesday  May 14th. The stock was acquired at an average cost of $278.96 per share  with a total value of $599 485.04. Following the completion of the acquisition  the director now owns 2 149 shares in the company  valued at $599 485.04. The acquisition was disclosed in a legal filing with the Securities & Exchange Commission  which is available through this link. Also  insider Nathaniel A. Vitan sold 400 shares of the stock in a transaction on Monday  June 10th. The shares were sold at an average price of $274.29  for a total value of $109 716.00. Following the transaction  the insider now directly owns 3 214 shares of the company’s stock  valued at $881 568.06. The disclosure for this sale can be found here. 11.10% of the stock is owned by corporate insiders.Public Storage Stock PerformancePublic Storage Announces DividendShares of PSA opened at $283.25 on Monday. The stock has a 50 day moving average of $272.60 and a 200 day moving average of $281.57. Public Storage has a 12 month low of $233.18 and a 12 month high of $312.25. The company has a market capitalization of $49.78 billion  a price-to-earnings ratio of 25.73  a PEG ratio of 3.96 and a beta of 0.63. The company has a current ratio of 0.54  a quick ratio of 0.54 and a debt-to-equity ratio of 1.59.The company also recently disclosed a quarterly dividend  which will be paid on Thursday  June 27th. Shareholders of record on Wednesday  June 12th will be issued a dividend of $3.00 per share. This represents a $12.00 annualized dividend and a yield of 4.24%. The ex-dividend date of this dividend is Wednesday  June 12th. Public Storage’s dividend payout ratio (DPR) is 108.99%.Analyst Ratings ChangesPSA has been the topic of several research analyst reports. Wells Fargo & Company upgraded Public Storage from an “equal weight” rating to an “overweight” rating and upped their target price for the company from $280.00 to $310.00 in a research report on Friday  April 5th. Scotiabank upped their price target on Public Storage from $267.00 to $270.00 and gave the stock a “sector perform” rating in a research note on Monday  March 18th. Raymond James raised Public Storage from a “market perform” rating to a “strong-buy” rating and set a $330.00 price target on the stock in a research note on Thursday  March 28th. BMO Capital Markets increased their price objective on Public Storage from $325.00 to $330.00 and gave the stock an “outperform” rating in a research note on Tuesday  March 19th. Finally  Barclays lowered their price objective on Public Storage from $330.00 to $327.00 and set an “overweight” rating for the company in a research note on Monday  May 20th. One research analyst has rated the stock with a sell rating  four have given a hold rating  six have issued a buy rating and one has given a strong buy rating to the company. Based on data from MarketBeat.com  Public Storage has a consensus rating of “Moderate Buy” and an average price target of $303.00.Read Our Latest Report on PSAPublic Storage Company Profile(Free Report)Public Storage  a member of the S&P 500 and FT Global 500  is a REIT that primarily acquires  develops  owns  and operates self-storage facilities. At December 31  2023  we had: (i) interests in 3 044 self-storage facilities located in 40 states with approximately 218 million net rentable square feet in the United States and (ii) a 35% common equity interest in Shurgard Self Storage Limited (Euronext Brussels: SHUR)  which owned 275 self-storage facilities located in seven Western European nations with approximately 15 million net rentable square feet operated under the Shurgard brand.See AlsoWant to see what other hedge funds are holding PSA? Visit HoldingsChannel.com to get the latest 13F filings and insider trades for Public Storage (NYSE:PSA – Free Report).Receive News & Ratings for Public Storage Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Public Storage and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.,neutral,0.02,0.98,0.0,neutral,0.02,0.96,0.02,True,English,"['Slagle Financial LLC', '$2.60 Million Position', 'Public Storage', 'NYSE', 'PSA', 'APG Asset Management US Inc.', 'Charles Schwab Investment Management Inc.', 'real estate investment trust', 'insider Nathaniel A. Vitan', 'several research analyst reports', 'Public Storage Stock Performance', 'Northern Trust Corp', 'Analyst Ratings Changes', 'Slagle Financial LLC', 'BMO Capital Markets', '50 day moving average', '200 day moving average', 'equal weight” rating', 'Director Kristy Pipes', 'recent 13F filing', 'Public Storage alerts', 'Public Storage Announces', 'other institutional investors', 'market perform” rating', 'dividend payout ratio', 'recent quarter', 'market capitalization', 'sector perform', 'average cost', 'average price', 'research report', 'research note', 'Insider Buying', 'other news', 'legal filing', 'earnings ratio', 'PEG ratio', 'current ratio', 'quick ratio', 'equity ratio', 'overweight” rating', 'strong-buy” rating', 'outperform” rating', 'Free Report', 'fourth quarter', 'Exchange Commission', 'hedge funds', 'JPMorgan Chase', '3rd quarter', 'last quarter', 'Norges Bank', 'new stake', '4th quarter', 'total value', 'corporate insiders', 'ex-dividend date', 'Wells Fargo', 'target price', 'April 5th', 'price target', 'Raymond James', 'price objective', 'quarterly dividend', '$12.00 annualized dividend', '12 month low', 'June 27th', 'June 12th', 'NYSE:PSA', 'additional 4,299 shares', 'additional 729,262 shares', 'additional 216,331 shares', 'additional 63,289 shares', 'additional 93,122 shares', 'Dividend Shares', '8,516 shares', '3,168,763 shares', '2,687,170 shares', '2,311,981 shares', '2,074,617 shares', '2,149 shares', '400 shares', '3,214 shares', 'position', 'company', 'Securities', 'period', 'holdings', 'number', 'Co.', 'Selling', 'transaction', 'Tuesday', 'May', 'completion', 'acquisition', 'link', 'Monday', 'disclosure', 'sale', 'beta', 'debt', 'Thursday', 'Shareholders', 'record', 'Wednesday', 'yield', 'DPR', 'topic', 'Friday', 'Scotiabank', 'March', 'Barclays']",2024-06-17,2024-06-18,etfdailynews.com
42908,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/EUROFINS-SCIENTIFIC-SE-4753/news/Eurofins-Scientific-Managers-transactions-Director-PDMR-Shareholding-46983999/,Eurofins Scientific : Managers' transactions Director/PDMR Shareholding,(marketscreener.com)   NOTIFICATION AND PUBLIC DISCLOSURE OF TRANSACTIONS BY PERSONS DISCHARGING MANAGERIAL RESPONSIBILITIES   AND PERSONS CLOSELY ASSOCIATED WITH THEM   1. Details of the person discharging managerial responsibilities/person closely a…,NOTIFICATION AND PUBLIC DISCLOSURE OF TRANSACTIONS BY PERSONS DISCHARGING MANAGERIAL RESPONSIBILITIESAND PERSONS CLOSELY ASSOCIATED WITH THEM1. Details of the person discharging managerial responsibilities/person closely associateda) Name1 Gabriel JULIA2. Reason for the notificationa) Position / status2 Group Senior Vice President b) Initial notification / amendment3 Initial 3. Details of the issuer  emission allowance market participant  auction platform  auctioneer or auction monitor a) Name4 Eurofins Scientific S.E. b) LEI5 529900JEHFM47DYY3S574. Details of the transaction(s)section to be repeated for (i) each type of instrument; (ii) each type of transaction; (iii) each date; and (iv) each place where transactions have been conductedDescription of the financialinstrument  type of instrument 6 Share Identification code7 ISIN: FR0014000MR3 b) Nature of the transaction8 Acquisition of shares 500 Transaction not linked to the Eurofins stock option / free share / warrants program c) Price(s) and volume(s)9 Price(s) Volume(s) EUR 54.59 EUR 27 295 d) Aggregated information - Aggregated volume10 EUR 27 295 - Price11 EUR 54.59 e) Date of the transaction12 2024-06-10 f) Place of the transaction13 Euronext ParisDate and signature_______________________________For natural persons: the first name and the last name(s). For legal persons: full name including legal form as provided for in the register where it is incorporated  if applicable. For persons discharging managerial responsibilities: the position occupied within the issuer  emission allowances market participant/auction platform/auctioneer/auction monitor should be indicated  e.g. CEO  CFO.For persons closely associated:- an indication that the notification concerns a person closely associated with a person discharging managerial responsibilities - the name and position of the relevant person discharging managerial responsibilities. Indication that this is an initial notification or an amendment to prior notifications. In case of amendment  explain the error that this notification is amending.4Full name of the entity.in accordance with ISO 17442 LEI code.,neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,negative,0.01,0.18,0.81,True,English,"[""Managers' transactions Director"", 'Eurofins Scientific', 'PDMR Shareholding', 'status2 Group Senior Vice President', 'Name4 Eurofins Scientific S.E', 'Share Identification code7 ISIN', 'emission allowance market participant', 'PERSONS DISCHARGING MANAGERIAL RESPONSIBILITIES', 'Eurofins stock option', 'transaction13 Euronext Paris', 'market participant/auction platform', 'ISO 17442 LEI code', 'free share', 'emission allowances', 'Price(s', 'Volume(s', 'PUBLIC DISCLOSURE', 'Gabriel JULIA', 'auction monitor', 'LEI5 529900JEHFM47DYY3S57', 'warrants program', 'Aggregated information', 'Aggregated volume10', 'legal form', 'prior notifications', 'natural persons', 'legal persons', 'first name', 'last name', 'full name', 'Initial notification', 'financial instrument', 'relevant person', 'TRANSACTIONS', 'Details', 'Name1', 'Reason', 'Position', 'amendment3', 'issuer', 'auctioneer', 'section', 'type', 'date', 'place', 'Description', 'Nature', 'transaction8', 'Acquisition', 'shares', '500 Transaction', 'Price11', 'transaction12', 'register', 'CEO', 'CFO', 'indication', 'case', 'error', 'entity', 'accordance', '2.']",2024-06-17,2024-06-18,marketscreener.com
42909,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2024/06/17/2899320/0/en/argenx-to-unveil-its-Vision-2030-Taking-Breakthrough-Science-to-50-000-Patients-during-its-Upcoming-R-D-Day-on-July-16-2024.html,argenx to unveil its ‘Vision 2030: Taking Breakthrough Science to 50 000 Patients’ during its Upcoming R&D Day on July 16  2024,R&D Day presentations to include recent Phase 2 datasets in Sjogren’s disease (efgartigimod) and multifocal motor neuropathy (empasiprubart) that support advancement to Phase 3 development,"R&D Day presentations to include recent Phase 2 datasets in Sjogren’s disease (efgartigimod) and multifocal motor neuropathy (empasiprubart) that support advancement to Phase 3 developmentNext wave of innovative pipeline candidates to be introduced highlighting long-term commitment to transform autoimmunityDecision to not advance development of efgartigimod in PC-POTS based on Phase 2 ALPHA dataJune 17  2024  7:00 AM CETAmsterdam  the Netherlands – argenx SE (Euronext & Nasdaq: ARGX)  a global immunology company committed to improving the lives of people suffering from severe autoimmune diseases  today announced that it will host an R&D day on Tuesday  July 16  2024 at 8:30am ET in New York City to unveil its ‘Vision 2030: Taking Breakthrough Science to 50 000 Patients’ and provide updates from across its current and future clinical pipeline.""argenx today is better positioned than ever before to deliver on our commitment to transform the autoimmunity treatment landscape for patients ” said Tim Van Hauwermeiren  Chief Executive Officer of argenx. “We have grown from our R&D roots over the last five years into a true global innovator  pioneering novel targets into a robust pipeline and delivering safe and effective first-in-class medicines to more than 10 000 patients around the world. We look forward to sharing our ‘Vision 2030’  and outlining how the innovation playbook that brought us here today will power our growth and evolution as we scale the argenx innovation ecosystem.”As part of its ‘Vision 2030’  argenx will outline its long-term commitment to transform the treatment of severe autoimmune disease with VYVGART  empasiprubart and its expanding pipeline of antibody-based therapeutics. This will include its plans to broaden its leadership within myasthenia gravis (MG) and chronic inflammatory demyelinating polyneuropathy (CIDP)  advance its next wave of indications through late-stage development to reach patients  and invest in its organic innovation engine to bring forward new first-in-class pipeline candidates.R&D Day AgendaThe R&D Day agenda will include the following topics:Vision 2030 : Bringing breakthrough science to 50 000 Patients: Bringing breakthrough science to 50 000 Patients Blueprint for Innovation : Next wave of first-in-class immunology targets: Next wave of first-in-class immunology targets Leadership in FcRn : Broad opportunity of efgartigimod in severe autoimmune disease Topline Phase 2 RHO data in Sjogren’s disease Preview of Phase 2/3 ALKIVIA study in immune-mediated myopathies Expansion of MG opportunity through label-enabling studies  including seronegative MG: Broad opportunity of efgartigimod in severe autoimmune disease Pioneering C2 Development : Next pipeline-in-a-product opportunity with empasiprubart Phase 2 ARDA data in multifocal motor neuropathy (MMN) Preview of Phase 2 studies in delayed graft function and dermatomyositis Introduction of fourth indication: Next pipeline-in-a-product opportunity with empasiprubart Sustainable Commercial Engine: Scaling global commercial footprint to support ‘Vision 2030’Featured Speakersargenx management and scientific leadership will be joined by external key opinion leaders who will discuss the current disease and treatment burden associated with Sjogren’s disease and MMN  as well as the potential for efgartigimod and empasiprubart as innovative treatments in these indications.Prof. Simon Bowman  PhD FRCP  Institute of Inflammation and Ageing  University of BirminghamDr. Patrick Kwon  MD  Clinical Associate Professor  Neurology  NYU Grossman School of MedicinePC-POTS UpdateResults from the Phase 2 ALPHA study of efgartigimod in post-COVID-19-mediated postural orthostatic tachycardia syndrome (PC-POTS) show that treated patients had no clinically meaningful improvement compared to placebo on the total Malmö POTS symptom (MaPS) score and COMPASS31. The observed safety and tolerability profile of efgartigimod in the ALPHA study was consistent with previous clinical trials. argenx will not move forward with development in PC-POTS and plans to prioritize resources to the nearly 50 active clinical trials in its expanding pipeline.Webcast InformationInformation will be shared leading up to the R&D Day on the event website at https://argenx2024rdday.q4ir.com  including the agenda  supporting materials  and a link to the live audio webcast. A replay of the webcast will be available on the website approximately one hour after the conclusion of the event and will be archived for 90 days.Upon conclusion of the webcast event  in-person attendees will be invited to attend an interactive poster session.About argenxargenx is a global immunology company committed to improving the lives of people suffering from severe autoimmune diseases. Partnering with leading academic researchers through its Immunology Innovation Program (IIP)  argenx aims to translate immunology breakthroughs into a world-class portfolio of novel antibody-based medicines. argenx developed and is commercializing the first approved neonatal Fc receptor (FcRn) blocker  globally in the U.S.  Japan  Israel  the EU  the UK  China and Canada. The Company is evaluating efgartigimod in multiple serious autoimmune diseases and advancing several earlier stage experimental medicines within its therapeutic franchises. For more information  visit www.argenx.com and follow us on LinkedIn  X/Twitter  Instagram  Facebook  and YouTube.For further information  please contact:Media:Ben Petokbpetok@argenx.comInvestors:Alexandra Roy (US)aroy@argenx.comLynn Elton (EU)lelton@argenx.comForward-Looking StatementsThe contents of this announcement include statements that are  or may be deemed to be  “forward-looking statements.” These forward-looking statements can be identified by the use of forward-looking terminology  including the terms “aims ” “goals ” “plans ” or “will ” and include statements argenx makes regarding its plans to unveil its ‘Vision 2030’ at an upcoming R&D day and the planned agenda of such R&D day; its ‘Vision 2030’ and its long-term commitment to transform the treatment of severe autoimmune diseases with VYVGART  empasiprubart and its expanding pipeline of antibody-based therapeutics; certain plans for future growth and evolution  including by (i) broadening its leadership within MG and CIDP and (ii) advancing its next wave of indications through late-stage development to reach patients  and scaling of its innovation ecosystem  including by investing in its organic innovation engine to bring forward new first-in-class pipeline candidates; the innovative potential for efgartigimod and empasiprubart for certain indications; certain results or previews of its clinical studies and potential opportunities thereof; its commercial engine and its goal to reach more than 50 000 patients by 2030; its goal to transform the autoimmunity treatment landscape for patients; the Phase 2 results from the ALPHA study of efgartigimod in PC-POTS; its plans to prioritize resources to active clinical trials; and its goal of translating immunology breakthroughs into a world-class portfolio of novel antibody-based medicines. By their nature  forward-looking statements involve risks and uncertainties and readers are cautioned that any such forward-looking statements are not guarantees of future performance. argenx’s actual results may differ materially from those predicted by the forward-looking statements as a result of various important factors  including the results of argenx's clinical trials; expectations regarding the inherent uncertainties associated with the development of novel drug therapies; preclinical and clinical trial and product development activities and regulatory approval requirements in products and product candidates; the acceptance of argenx's products and product candidates by patients as safe  effective and cost-effective; the impact of governmental laws and regulations on our business; disruptions caused on our reliance of third-party suppliers  service providers and manufacturers; inflation and deflation and the corresponding fluctuations in interest rates; and regional instability and conflicts. A further list and description of these risks  uncertainties and other risks can be found in argenx’s U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC) filings and reports  including in argenx’s most recent annual report on Form 20-F filed with the SEC as well as subsequent filings and reports filed by argenx with the SEC. Given these uncertainties  the reader is advised not to place any undue reliance on such forward-looking statements. These forward-looking statements speak only as of the date of publication of this document. argenx undertakes no obligation to publicly update or revise the information in this press release  including any forward-looking statements  except as may be required by law.",neutral,0.06,0.93,0.01,mixed,0.44,0.38,0.18,True,English,"['Upcoming R&D Day', 'Breakthrough Science', 'argenx', 'Vision', '50,000 Patients', 'July', 'post-COVID-19-mediated postural orthostatic tachycardia syndrome', 'first approved neonatal Fc re', 'The R&D Day agenda', 'chronic inflammatory demyelinating polyneuropathy', 'external key opinion leaders', 'total Malmö POTS symptom', 'R&D Day presentations', 'Topline Phase 2 RHO data', 'Phase 2/3 ALKIVIA study', 'empasiprubart Sustainable Commercial Engine', 'R&D roots', 'global commercial footprint', 'Phase 2 ARDA data', 'recent Phase 2 datasets', 'multifocal motor neuropathy', 'Phase 2 ALPHA data', 'severe autoimmune diseases', 'Tim Van Hauwermeiren', 'Chief Executive Officer', 'last five years', 'true global innovator', 'Prof. Simon Bowman', 'Dr. Patrick Kwon', 'Clinical Associate Professor', 'NYU Grossman School', 'previous clinical trials', '50 active clinical trials', 'interactive poster session', 'leading academic researchers', 'organic innovation engine', 'Phase 2 ALPHA study', 'future clinical pipeline', 'global immunology company', 'innovative pipeline candidates', 'New York City', 'live audio webcast', 'Immunology Innovation Program', 'autoimmunity treatment landscape', 'novel antibody-based medicines', 'class pipeline candidates', 'argenx innovation ecosystem', 'effective first', 'Phase 2 studies', 'Phase 3 development', 'autoimmunity Decision', 'novel targets', 'robust pipeline', 'expanding pipeline', 'antibody-based therapeutics', 'innovative treatments', 'innovation playbook', 'immunology targets', 'immunology breakthroughs', 'class medicines', '7:00 AM CET', 'myasthenia gravis', 'following topics', 'Broad opportunity', 'immune-mediated myopathies', 'label-enabling studies', 'product opportunity', 'graft function', 'fourth indication', 'Featured Speakers', 'treatment burden', 'PhD FRCP', 'meaningful improvement', 'MaPS) score', 'tolerability profile', 'supporting materials', 'person attendees', 'world-class portfolio', 'Next wave', 'long-term commitment', 'MG opportunity', 'seronegative MG', 'webcast event', 'disease Preview', 'current disease', 'late-stage development', 'C2 Development', 'Webcast Information', 'argenx SE', 'argenx management', 'breakthrough science', 'scientific leadership', 'PC-POTS Update', 'event website', 'Sjogren', 'efgartigimod', 'advancement', 'June', 'Amsterdam', 'Netherlands', 'Euronext', 'Nasdaq', 'ARGX', 'lives', 'people', 'Tuesday', 'July', '8:30am', 'Vision', '50,000 Patients', 'updates', 'safe', '10,000 patients', 'growth', 'evolution', 'part', 'VYVGART', 'plans', 'CIDP', 'indications', 'FcRn', 'MMN', 'dermatomyositis', 'Introduction', 'potential', 'Institute', 'Inflammation', 'Ageing', 'University', 'Birmingham', 'MD', 'Neurology', 'Results', 'placebo', 'COMPASS31', 'resources', 'argenx2024rdday', 'link', 'replay', 'conclusion', '90 days', 'IIP']",2024-06-17,2024-06-18,globenewswire.com
42910,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/THALES-4715/news/Thales-and-CEA-partner-on-trusted-generative-AI-for-defence-and-security-46982304/,Thales : and CEA partner on trusted generative AI for defence and security,(marketscreener.com)    Thales and CEA partner on trusted generative AI for defence and security    17 Jun 2024    Share this article    Facebook   Twitter   LinkedIn  ...https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/THALES-4715/news/Thale…,"Thales and CEA partner on trusted generative AI for defence and security 17 Jun 2024 Share this article FacebookTwitterLinkedInThales and the French Alternative Energies and Atomic Energy Commission (CEA) have signed a new partnership agreement in the field of generative artificial intelligence (AI).The Thales AI research teams at cortAIx  the Group's AI accelerator for mission-critical systems  will work with the CEA teams to deliver sovereign trusted AI solutions.Through this three-year renewable partnership  Thales will provide its AI expertise and deep knowledge of the defence and security sectors  while the CEA will contribute its know-how in multimodal generative AI (based on text  images  audio  electromagnetic signals  structured data and other inputs) to accelerate the integration of AI into solutions for Thales customers with critical mission requirements.Alexandre Bounouh  Director of the CEA-List Institute  specialising in smart digital systems  and Bertrand Tavernier  CTO for Thales's Secure Communications and Information Systems business  at the signing of the partnership agreement on 30 April 2024 in Palaiseau  France.To create trusted generative AI solutions  Thales's cortAIx Lab  the most powerful integrated laboratory for critical AI in Europe  and the CEA  which is one of the world's most innovative research organisations and is listed alongside Thales in the Clarivate Analytics Top 100 Global Innovators 1 have joined forces to focus on a range of generative AI use cases  in particular for intelligence and command applications.Bertrand Tavernier  Chief Technical Officer for Thales's Secure Communications and Information Systems business: ""This partnership with the CEA's AI teams will combine the power of their research with our work at cortAIx  Thales's AI accelerator  which brings together the Group's technological expertise and deep knowledge of the defence and security sectors. Our customers - governments  armed forces  critical infrastructure operators - need trusted  sovereign generative AI solutions for their critical missions.""Alexandre Bounouh  Director of the CEA's List Institute  specialising in smart digital systems: ""This partnership builds on the long-standing collaboration between the CEA and Thales and extends it to the sensitive issue of generative AI  combining the expertise and excellence of the CEA's research teams in AI safety and security with cortAIx's strengths in the strategic domain of defence and security. It will support the CEA's mission in safety  security and artificial intelligence with our partners and all institutional and industry stakeholders in this field.""Use cases for the armed forcesGenerative AI can be developed to accelerate OODA command loops (observe  orient  decide  act) and implemented across the entire critical decision chain: sensing and data gathering  data transmission and storage  data processing and decision support.Generative AI will serve as a trusted smart assistant for users  enabling them to dialogue easily and efficiently with complex systems with the aim of facilitating and accelerating human decision-making and the tempo of operations. For intelligence gathering  for example  multimodal generative AI will make it possible to simultaneously extract  process  correlate and interpret different types of information from multiple sources - such as the web  social media and sensors in a theatre of operations - to generate summaries and accelerate the production of reliable reports.Thales's cortAIx Lab and the CEA will also focus on interoperability within coalitions. To simplify communication between member states in the context of a joint operation  trusted generative AI will facilitate interaction between operators and complex systems by translating their intentions into a sequence of actions and translating technical terms into the languages of the various nations involved.Thales  a leader in trusted AI for mission-critical systemsThales is a major player in trusted  cybersafe  transparent  explainable and ethical AI for armed forces  aircraft manufacturers and critical infrastructure operators. In 2023  the Group was Europe's top patent applicant in the field of AI for mission-critical systems. It has more than 600 AI experts and hosts around 100 PhD students every year in AI at cortAIx  Thales's AI accelerator in the field of research (cortAIx Lab)  systems (cortAIx Factory for decision support systems) and sensors (cortAIx Sensors for sonar  radar  radio and optronics). Thanks to cortAIx and its network of world-class industry  start-up and academic partners  Thales is building AI into more than 100 of its products and services. Benefiting from the most advanced sensor and system technologies  these AI capabilities cover the full spectrum of needs in defence  aviation  space  cybersecurity and digital identity. Trusted AI is designed to meet the specific security and sovereignty needs of Thales's customers. It brings greater efficiency to data analysis and decision support and speeds up the detection  identification and classification of objects of interest and target scenes  while taking account of specific constraints such as cybersecurity  embeddability and frugality in critical environments.CEA  a key player in trusted AI for mission-critical systemsIn the field of artificial intelligence  the CEA is uniquely positioned across the entire AI value chain  with skills ranging from algorithms and software development tools to computing architectures and microelectronics. The hardware and software solutions developed by the CEA with its academic and industry partners are aimed at applications where AI quality and performance are critical. They include sovereign applications for which the CEA is its own customer (cybersecurity  defence  energy) and industrial applications to which the CEA contributes its expertise.The CEA has developed high-level expertise in AI technologies  enabling the agency to support its industry partners in the development of innovative solutions. At its CEA-List Institute specialising in smart digital systems  the CEA focuses its research on the development of high-performance  trusted and sovereign models.Working with Thales  the CEA teams will be applying their expertise more specifically to develop LLMs (large language models) and VLMs (vision language models) for the sectors and use cases targeted by Thales.About CEAThe CEA is a major research organisation working in the best interests of the French State  its economy and citizens. Thanks to its strong roots in fundamental research  it is able to provide tangible solutions to meet their needs in four key fields: low-carbon energy  digital technologies  technologies for medicine of the future  defence and national security. As the world's leading innovator among public research organisations (Clarivate 2024)  the CEA acts as a catalyst and accelerator of innovation for French industry. It helps businesses in all sectors be more competitive  creating high-performance products that stand out from the crowd and developing trail-blazing solutions that lead to changes in society. The CEA deploys this dynamic in all regions of France aiding local partners to innovate themselves  thus helping to create sustainable value and jobs nationwide  tailored to meet actual industry needs. At the same time  it supports the development of its 250 start-ups  agile vectors for transferring the disruptive technology and knowledge developed at CEA laboratories to industry. ​​Find out more: www.cea.frAbout ThalesThales (Euronext Paris: HO) is a global leader in advanced technologies specialized in three business domains: Defence & Security  Aeronautics & Space  and Cybersecurity & Digital identity.It develops products and solutions that help make the world safer  greener and more inclusive.The Group invests close to €4 billion a year in Research & Development  particularly in key innovation areas such as AI  cybersecurity  quantum technologies  cloud technologies and 6G.Thales has close to 81 000 employees in 68 countries. In 2023  the Group generated sales of €18.4 billion.1 The CEA is listed with Thales in the Top 100 Global Innovators published by Clarivate Analytics: Thales listed among world's top 100 most innovative companies for 11th time | Thales Group",neutral,0.47,0.52,0.01,positive,0.69,0.3,0.02,True,English,"['CEA partner', 'generative AI', 'Thales', 'defence', 'security', 'Clarivate Analytics Top 100 Global Innovators', 'trusted, sovereign generative AI solutions', 'The Thales AI research teams', 'sovereign trusted AI solutions', 'entire critical decision chain', 'trusted generative AI solutions', 'generative AI use cases', 'top patent applicant', 'trusted smart assistant', 'French Alternative Energies', 'Atomic Energy Commission', 'powerful integrated laboratory', 'cybersafe, transparent, explainable', 'Chief Technical Officer', 'OODA command loops', 'innovative research organisations', 'multimodal generative AI', 'critical infrastructure operators', 'smart digital systems', 'three-year renewable partnership', 'critical mission requirements', 'Information Systems business', 'new partnership agreement', 'decision support systems', 'generative artificial intelligence', 'critical AI', 'AI teams', 'critical missions', 'digital identity', 'command applications', 'technical terms', 'mission-critical systems', 'complex systems', 'AI safety', 'ethical AI', '600 AI experts', 'AI capabilities', 'deep knowledge', 'electromagnetic signals', 'other inputs', 'Alexandre Bounouh', 'CEA-List Institute', 'Bertrand Tavernier', 'Secure Communications', 'long-standing collaboration', 'sensitive issue', 'strategic domain', 'industry stakeholders', 'human decision-making', 'intelligence gathering', 'different types', 'multiple sources', 'social media', 'reliable reports', 'member states', 'joint operation', 'various nations', 'major player', 'aircraft manufacturers', '100 PhD students', 'advanced sensor', 'system technologies', 'full spectrum', 'greater efficiency', 'AI accelerator', 'AI expertise', 'CEA teams', 'data gathering', 'data transmission', 'data processing', 'data analysis', 'armed forces', 'technological expertise', 'cortAIx Lab', 'cortAIx Factory', 'academic partners', 'sovereignty needs', 'security sectors', 'specific security', 'CEA partner', 'cortAIx Sensors', 'Thales customers', 'defence', 'Jun', 'article', 'Facebook', 'Twitter', 'LinkedIn', 'field', 'Group', 'know-how', 'text', 'images', 'audio', 'structured', 'integration', 'Director', 'signing', '30 April', 'Palaiseau', 'France', 'Europe', 'world', 'range', 'work', 'governments', 'excellence', 'strengths', 'institutional', 'sensing', 'storage', 'users', 'aim', 'tempo', 'operations', 'example', 'web', 'theatre', 'summaries', 'production', 'interoperability', 'coalitions', 'interaction', 'intentions', 'sequence', 'actions', 'languages', 'leader', 'sonar', 'radar', 'radio', 'optronics', 'start-up', 'products', 'services', 'aviation', 'space', 'cybersecurity', 'detection', 'identificatio']",2024-06-17,2024-06-18,marketscreener.com
42911,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/TME-PHARMA-N-V-31472058/news/TME-Pharma-Announces-Publication-in-Nature-Communications-of-Biomarker-Data-From-NOX-A12-Gloria-Phas-46986900/,TME Pharma Announces Publication in Nature Communications of Biomarker Data From NOX-A12 Gloria Phase 1/2 Trial in Glioblastoma,(marketscreener.com) Publication in high-impact peer-reviewed journal highlights that the presence of NOX‑A12’s target in tumor tissue can be used as a biomarker to predict clinical efficacy in glioblastoma patientsThe EG12 biomarker’s ability to predic…,"Publication in high-impact peer-reviewed journal highlights that the presence of NOX‑A12’s target in tumor tissue can be used as a biomarker to predict clinical efficacy in glioblastoma patients The EG12 biomarker’s ability to predict clinical responses of glioblastoma patients to NOX-A12 + radiotherapy provides robust evidence of its mechanism of action Tumor tissue analysis revealed that patients with higher biomarker scores show superior clinical efficacy when treated with NOX-A12 + radiotherapy than patients with low biomarker scores Predictive biomarker could help de-risk NOX-A12 clinical development and could offer advantages in partnering and commercializationRegulatory News:TME Pharma N.V. (Euronext Growth Paris: ALTME)  a clinical-stage biotechnology company focused on developing novel therapies for treatment of cancer by targeting the tumor microenvironment (TME)  announces the publication of biomarker data from the GLORIA Phase 1/2 clinical trial of NOX-A12 in brain cancer (glioblastoma) in the peer-reviewed scientific journal Nature Communications.The article by Dr. Frank A. Giordano at the University Medical Center Mannheim and members of the five other centers in Germany led by a translational research team at the University of Bonn  entitled ""L-RNA aptamer-based CXCL12 inhibition combined with radiotherapy in newly-diagnosed glioblastoma: dose escalation of the phase I/II GLORIA trial""  details a potential predictive biomarker known as the ""EG12 score"" for glioblastoma patients treated with NOX-A12 and radiotherapy.The EG12 score is calculated by analyzing the frequency of positivity for NOX-A12’s target  CXCL12  on two key cell types in the glioblastoma tumor microenvironment: endothelial (E) and glioma (G) cells. The score significantly correlated with the clinical outcome  in terms of progression-free survival (PFS) for patients treated with NOX-A12 and radiotherapy (r = 0.87; p = 0.005)  but not for a cohort of reference patients with comparable characteristics treated with standard of care (r = 0.13; p = 0.56). As such  the biomarker appears to be specific for response to NOX-A12-based therapies. When dividing the trial population into two groups in the middle by its EG12 score  GLORIA patients with higher EG12 scores had a significantly longer median PFS than those with lower scores (6.0 vs. 3.0 months; p = 0.031) and also a strong trend towards improved median overall survival (15.8 vs. 11.1 months; p = 0.075).The research on the EG12 predictive biomarker published in Nature Communications builds on data first presented at the ASCO Annual Meeting in June 2023.""The publication of this scientific article in the prestigious peer-reviewed journal Nature Communications is a validation of the groundbreaking biomarker data from our GLORIA trial in aggressive adult brain cancer and builds on the earlier presentation of these findings at one of the world's top cancer conferences "" said Aram Mangasarian  CEO of TME Pharma. ""A predictive biomarker has many potential advantages  not the least the ability to select patients who will most benefit from our NOX-A12-based therapies. This could help us identify target populations for future clinical trials  enhancing their statistical power and de-risking the further overall clinical development of NOX-A12. It also offers investors and potential partners peer-reviewed evidence of the potential of our glioblastoma program to bring benefit to patients suffering from this complex and underserved indication as we advance NOX-A12 toward Phase 2 evaluation.""The full article is available online on Nature Communications’ website.About TME PharmaTME Pharma is a clinical-stage company focused on developing novel therapies for treatment of the most aggressive cancers. The company’s oncology-focused pipeline is designed to act on the tumor microenvironment (TME) and the cancer immunity cycle by breaking tumor protection barriers against the immune system and blocking tumor repair. By neutralizing chemokines in the TME  TME Pharma’s approach works in combination with other forms of treatment to weaken tumor defenses and enable greater therapeutic impact. In the GLORIA Phase 1/2 clinical trial  TME Pharma is studying its lead drug candidate NOX-A12 in newly diagnosed brain cancer patients who will not benefit clinically from standard chemotherapy. TME Pharma has delivered top-line data from the NOX-A12 three dose-escalation cohorts combined with radiotherapy of the GLORIA clinical trial  observing consistent tumor reductions and objective tumor responses. Additionally  GLORIA expansion arms evaluate safety and efficacy of NOX-A12 in other combinations where the interim results from the triple combination of NOX-A12  radiotherapy and bevacizumab suggest even deeper and more durable responses  and improved survival. US FDA has approved the design of a randomized Phase 2 trial in glioblastoma and TME Pharma was awarded fast track designation by the FDA for NOX-A12 in combination with radiotherapy and bevacizumab for use in the treatment of the aggressive adult brain cancer  glioblastoma. NOX-A12 in combination with radiotherapy had also previously received orphan drug designation (ODD) for glioblastoma in the United States and glioma in Europe. TME Pharma has delivered final top-line data with encouraging overall survival and safety profile from its NOX-A12 combination trial with Keytruda® in metastatic colorectal and pancreatic cancer patients  which was published in the Journal for ImmunoTherapy of Cancer in October 2021. The company has entered in its second collaboration with MSD/Merck for its Phase 2 study  OPTIMUS  to further evaluate safety and efficacy of NOX-A12 in combination with Merck’s Keytruda® and two different chemotherapy regimens as second-line therapy in patients with metastatic pancreatic cancer. The design of the trial has been approved in France  Spain and the United States. The company’s second clinical-stage drug candidate  NOX-E36  is designed to target the innate immune system. TME Pharma is considering several solid tumors for further clinical development. Further information can be found at: www.tmepharma.com.TME Pharma® and the TME Pharma logo are registered trademarks.Keytruda® is a registered trademark of Merck Sharp & Dohme Corp.Visit TME Pharma on LinkedIn and X.About the GLORIA StudyGLORIA (NCT04121455) is TME Pharma’s dose-escalation  Phase 1/2 study of NOX-A12 in combination with radiotherapy in first-line partially resected or unresected glioblastoma (brain cancer) patients with unmethylated MGMT promoter (resistant to standard chemotherapy). GLORIA further evaluates safety and efficacy of NOX-A12 three additional arms combining NOX-A12 with: A. radiotherapy in patients with complete tumor resection; B. radiotherapy and bevacizumab; and C. radiotherapy and pembrolizumab.About the OPTIMUS StudyOPTIMUS (NCT04901741) is TME Pharma’s planned open-label two-arm Phase 2 study of NOX-A12 combined with pembrolizumab and nanoliposomal irinotecan/5-FU/leucovorin or gemcitabine/nab-paclitaxel in microsatellite-stable metastatic pancreatic cancer patients.DisclaimerTranslations of any press release into languages other than English are intended solely as a convenience to the non-English-reading audience. The company has attempted to provide an accurate translation of the original text in English  but due to the nuances in translating into another language  slight differences may exist. This press release includes certain disclosures that contain ""forward-looking statements.” Forward-looking statements are based on TME Pharma’s current expectations and are subject to inherent uncertainties  risks and assumptions that are difficult to predict. Factors that could cause actual results to differ include  but are not limited to  the risks inherent in oncology drug development  including clinical trials and the timing of and TME Pharma’s ability to obtain regulatory approvals for NOX-A12 as well as any other drug candidates. Forward-looking statements contained in this announcement are made as of this date  and TME Pharma undertakes no duty to update such information except as required under applicable law.View source version on businesswire.com: https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20240617325338/en/",neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,positive,0.7,0.28,0.03,True,English,"['NOX-A12 Gloria Phase 1/2 Trial', 'TME Pharma', 'Nature Communications', 'Biomarker Data', 'Publication', 'Glioblastoma', 'GLORIA Phase 1/2 clinical trial', 'Dr. Frank A. Giordano', 'two key cell types', 'L-RNA aptamer-based CXCL12 inhibition', 'NOX-A12 three dose-escalation cohorts', 'aggressive adult brain cancer', 'TME Pharma N.V.', 'GLORIA clinical trial', 'I/II GLORIA trial', 'randomized Phase 2 trial', 'GLORIA expansion arms', 'future clinical trials', 'overall clinical development', 'Euronext Growth Paris', 'ASCO Annual Meeting', 'greater therapeutic impact', 'lead drug candidate', 'fast track designation', 'A predictive biomarker', 'top cancer conferences', 'cancer immunity cycle', 'tumor protection barriers', 'consistent tumor reductions', 'higher EG12 scores', 'five other centers', 'high-impact peer-reviewed journal', 'prestigious peer-reviewed journal', 'higher biomarker scores', 'low biomarker scores', 'The EG12 biomarker', 'superior clinical efficacy', 'Tumor tissue analysis', 'University Medical Center', 'translational research team', 'longer median PFS', 'median overall survival', 'EG12 predictive biomarker', 'objective tumor responses', 'The EG12 score', 'clinical-stage biotechnology company', 'Nature Communications’ website', 'NOX-A12 clinical development', 'potential predictive biomarker', 'groundbreaking biomarker data', 'brain cancer patients', 'many potential advantages', 'glioblastoma tumor microenvironment', 'clinical responses', 'trial population', 'Phase 2 evaluation', 'clinical outcome', 'two groups', 'aggressive cancers', 'GLORIA patients', 'lower scores', 'scientific journal', 'peer-reviewed evidence', 'clinical-stage company', 'tumor repair', 'tumor defenses', 'other forms', 'other combinations', 'durable responses', 'potential partners', 'NOX‑A12', 'robust evidence', 'Regulatory News', 'novel therapies', 'dose escalation', 'progression-free survival', 'comparable characteristics', 'NOX-A12-based therapies', 'strong trend', 'earlier presentation', 'Aram Mangasarian', 'statistical power', 'underserved indication', 'oncology-focused pipeline', 'immune system', 'top-line data', 'interim results', 'glioblastoma program', 'scientific article', 'full article', 'reference patients', 'standard chemotherapy', 'US FDA', 'glioblastoma patients', 'target populations', 'triple combination', 'NOX-A12.', 'Publication', 'presence', 'ability', 'radiotherapy', 'mechanism', 'action', 'risk', 'partnering', 'commercialization', 'ALTME', 'treatment', 'Mannheim', 'members', 'Germany', 'Bonn', 'frequency', 'positivity', 'endothelial', 'glioma', 'terms', 'care', 'middle', '3.0 months', '11.1 months', 'June', 'validation', 'findings', 'world', 'CEO', 'investors', 'benefit', 'complex', 'chemokines', 'approach', 'safety', 'bevacizumab', 'deeper', '8']",2024-06-17,2024-06-18,marketscreener.com
42912,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/SECHE-ENVIRONNEMENT-SA-4801/news/Acquisition-of-ECO-Singapore-s-Leading-Hazardous-Waste-Company-46986930/,Acquisition of ECO  Singapore's Leading Hazardous Waste Company,(marketscreener.com) Regulatory News:Séché Environnement announces the signature of an SPA1 with a view to acquiring ECO Industrial Environmental Engineering Pte Ltd   the leading player in the hazardous industrial waste market in Singapore.With the wi…,"Regulatory News:Séché Environnement (Paris:SCHP) announces the signature of an SPA1 with a view to acquiring ECO Industrial Environmental Engineering Pte Ltd (“ECO”)  the leading player in the hazardous industrial waste market in Singapore.With the widest range of products and services on offer  a loyal customer base of core industries and the latest high-performance industrial facilities  ECO will give Séché a major position in a dynamic industrial region where the Group was previously less active.This acquisition is fully in line with Séché's ambition to support its core industrial customers in the dynamic hazardous industrial waste markets of Southeast Asia.An accretive transaction  this acquisition reinforces the Group's prospects for growth and profitability.Present since 1995 across the entire value chain in the hazardous waste business  and with a market share of around 32%  ECO is today the number one operator in Singapore’s hazardous waste recovery and treatment markets  well ahead of its main competitors in terms of installed capacity  volumes handled  service offerings and customer portfolio.A major player in the circular economy applied to hazardous waste.A true ""all-in-one"" recovery and treatment center for hazardous industrial waste  ECO is located on a single site of 68 400 m2  where its facilities (incinerators with or without energy recovery  industrial water treatment plant  stabilization plant  etc.)  all recent and with complementary technologies  have a total annual capacity of almost 440 Kt.ECO has all the authorizations required to manage various types of solid  gaseous  and liquid hazardous waste - including industrial wastewater treatment plant sludge - from a diversified customer base of blue-chip industrials belonging to the core target sectors of chemicals  pharmaceuticals  energy and renewables and semiconductors.With around 300 employees  ECO is present for its customers at every stage of the hazardous waste management value chain in Singapore  providing collection  transportation  recovery  and treatment services for hazardous waste.ECO also holds stakes in two joint ventures active in the circular economy  one specializing in activated carbon reactivation with a global chemicals manufacturer  and the other in precious metals regeneration in partnership with a global precious metals recycling manufacturer.In 2023  almost 80% of the Company's sales were generated by the recovery and treatment of hazardous waste and 10% by the treatment of sewage sludge from Singapore's Water Reclamation Plants.For the balance  ECO provides its customers with several complementary  high value-added services  such as integrated waste management  depollution (including environmental emergency services and asbestos removal)  trading in the by-products of materials recovery  deconstruction and decontamination  or even promising niche activities such as the treatment of carbon soot waste from synthesis gas production or the recovery of activated carbon.The company also has a fleet of around 35 vehicles to provide all its collection  transportation  and depollution services.With its recognized technical capabilities and know-how  the Company is responding to the prospects of a Singaporean hazardous waste market with high barriers to entry  driven by the chemical  energy and renewable energies industries.As a result  ECO has developed solid commercial relationships with a diversified industrial customer base  resulting in a high rate of contract renewals and generating a solid revenue base and a high level of visibility on its revenue profile.In 2023  the Company generated sales of around SGD 96 million2 and an adjusted3 EBITDA of around SGD 41 million.An accretive transaction that opens up new markets and accelerates Séché's profitable growth strategy.For Séché Environnement  this acquisition gives the Group a major position with its target customers in the buoyant environmental markets of Singapore and  more broadly  in the markets of the APAC region.Commenting on the acquisition  Maxime Séché  Chief Executive Officer  said: ""Our Group has seized a rare opportunity to invest in a regional leader in hazardous waste management. With its comprehensive hazardous waste management offering  ECO enables us to serve a core customer base in a dynamic industrial region. Thanks to its commercial dynamism  cutting-edge know-how and high-performance technological tools  ECO will provide us with a platform for significant growth in the APAC region in all our businesses  from the circular economy to hazard management and environmental services. This is a major operation that will accelerate our strategy of profitable growth"".This acquisition is subject to a favorable vote by Beijing Capital Eco-Environment Protection Group Co.  Ltd.'s Extraordinary General Meeting of Shareholders.This acquisition concerns 100% of the shares and represents a purchase price of around SGD 605 million4  the financing of which has already been secured by a committed financing facility from a bank.In the event of a favorable vote  this acquisition would be carried out through a Singapore acquisition company (""SPV"") Séché Holdings (SG) Pte. Ltd.Séché Environnement hired BNP Paribas as financial advisor and Latham & Watkins as legal advisor for this transaction.Next communicationConsolidated results to June 30  2024: September 4  2024 after market closeAbout Séché EnvironnementSéché Environnement is a benchmark player in waste management  including the most complex and hazardous waste  and in environmental services  particularly in the event of environmental emergencies. Thanks to its expertise in the creation of circular economy loops  decarbonization and hazard control  the Group has been contributing to the ecological transition of industries and territories  as well as to the protection of living organisms  for almost 40 years. A family-owned French industrial group  Séché Environnement deploys the cutting-edge technologies developed by its R&D at the heart of the territories  in more than 120 sites in 16 countries  including some 50 industrial sites in France. With over 6 100 employees  including more than 2 900 in France  Séché Environnement generated sales of €1 013.5 million in 2023  26% of which outside France.Séché Environnement has been listed on Eurolist by Euronext (compartment B) since November 27  1997. The stock is included in the CAC Mid&Small  EnterNext Tech 40 and EnterNext PEA-PME 150 indices. ISIN: FR 0000039139 - Bloomberg: SCHP.FP - Reuters: CCHE.PA___________________________1 Share Purchase Agreement2 For information  approximate FX rate EUR/SGD =1.453 Based on ECO EBITDA 2023 figures of SGD 37.4m + non-consolidated EBITDA from JV of SGD 3.9m4 Subject to adjustments at closingView source version on businesswire.com: https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20240617221442/en/",negative,0.02,0.42,0.56,mixed,0.38,0.34,0.28,True,English,"['Leading Hazardous Waste Company', 'Acquisition', 'ECO', 'Singapore', 'Beijing Capital Eco-Environment Protection Group Co.', 'ECO Industrial Environmental Engineering Pte Ltd', 'global precious metals recycling manufacturer', 'comprehensive hazardous waste management offering', 'several complementary, high value-added services', 'industrial wastewater treatment plant sludge', 'hazardous waste management value chain', 'dynamic hazardous industrial waste markets', 'Singaporean hazardous waste market', 'latest high-performance industrial facilities', 'diversified industrial customer base', 'industrial water treatment plant', 'entire value chain', 'precious metals regeneration', 'dynamic industrial region', 'global chemicals manufacturer', 'integrated waste management', 'hazardous waste business', 'liquid hazardous waste', 'diversified customer base', 'Water Reclamation Plants', 'high-performance technological tools', 'loyal customer base', 'buoyant environmental markets', 'two joint ventures', 'environmental emergency services', 'promising niche activities', 'synthesis gas production', 'Chief Executive Officer', 'Extraordinary General Meeting', 'core customer base', 'solid revenue base', 'carbon soot waste', 'renewable energies industries', 'solid commercial relationships', 'hazardous waste recovery', 'core industrial customers', 'Séché Environnement', 'total annual capacity', 'Maxime Séché', 'committed financing facility', 'core target sectors', 'profitable growth strategy', 'environmental services', 'stabilization plant', 'hazard management', 'complementary technologies', 'sewage sludge', 'market share', 'core industries', 'customer portfolio', 'treatment markets', 'treatment services', 'high barriers', 'high rate', 'high level', 'new markets', 'revenue profile', 'APAC region', 'commercial dynamism', 'carbon reactivation', 'activated carbon', 'treatment center', 'Regulatory News', 'leading player', 'widest range', 'major position', 'Southeast Asia', 'accretive transaction', 'main competitors', 'service offerings', 'major player', 'circular economy', 'single site', 'various types', 'blue-chip industrials', 'asbestos removal', 'depollution services', 'technical capabilities', 'contract renewals', 'adjusted3 EBITDA', 'rare opportunity', 'regional leader', 'significant growth', 'major operation', 'favorable vote', 'purchase price', 'chemical, energy', 'materials recovery', 'one operator', 'cutting-edge know-how', 'energy recovery', 'Paris', 'SCHP', 'signature', 'SPA1', 'view', 'products', 'acquisition', 'line', 'ambition', 'prospects', 'profitability', 'number', 'terms', 'volumes', '68,400 m', 'incinerators', '440 Kt', 'authorizations', 'pharmaceuticals', 'renewables', 'semiconductors', '300 employees', 'stage', 'collection', 'transportation', 'stakes', 'partnership', 'Company', 'sales', 'balance', 'by', 'deconstruction', 'decontamination', 'fleet', '35 vehicles', 'entry', 'result', 'visibility', 'SGD', 'platform', 'businesses', 'Shareholders', 'shares', 'bank', 'event']",2024-06-17,2024-06-18,marketscreener.com
42913,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/SWEDISH-ORPHAN-BIOVITRUM--6499130/news/Swedish-Orphan-Biovitrum-Sobi-to-present-new-haemophilia-data-at-ISTH-2024-46982543/,Swedish Orphan Biovitrum : Sobi to present new haemophilia data at ISTH 2024,(marketscreener.com)  Sobi to present new haemophilia data at ISTH 2024   17 June  2024 08:00     Sobi® will present new scientific data related to haemophilia at ISTH 2024  the 32ndCongress of the International Society on Thrombosis and Haemostasis.…,"Sobi® will present new scientific data related to haemophilia at ISTH 2024  the 32ndCongress of the International Society on Thrombosis and Haemostasis. This event  taking place from 22ndto 26thJune  will be held both online and in Bangkok. Seven abstracts have been accepted for presentation (three posters and four oral). New long-term safety and efficacy data on efanesoctocog alfa and long-term efficacy data on Elocta will be presented further demonstrating Sobi's commitment to advancing standards of care in haemophilia A treatment.""We are pleased to present new data at this year's ISTH regarding the impact of efanesoctocog alfa on joint-health  perioperative management and long-term outcomes of keeping the patient in the non-haemophilia range for most of the week "" saidLydia Abad-Franch  MD  Head of R&D and Medical Affairs  and Chief Medical Officer at Sobi. ""These positive study outcomes highlight Sobi's commitment toengaging in collaborative research to support the community and improvecare for people with haemophilia around the world.""Key data to be presented at ISTH 2024Haemophilia Efanesoctocog alfa - Sobi/Sanofi Interim analysis of joint outcomes in adult and adolescent patients with severe haemophilia A receiving efanesoctocog alfa during the phase 3 XTEND-ed long-term extension study Oral Presentation. #OC 01.4 22 June13:00 - 14:15 ICT Efanesoctocog alfa - Sobi/Sanofi Perioperative management with efanesoctocog alfa in adults  adolescents  and children with severe haemophilia A in the phase 3 XTEND clinical program Oral Presentation. #OC 14.123 June09:30 - 10:45 ICT Efanesoctocog alfa - Sobi/Sanofi Long-term outcomes with efanesoctocog alfa prophylaxis for previously treated children with severe haemophilia A  an interim analysis of the phase 3 XTEND-ed study Oral Presentation#OC 50.2 25 June09:45 - 10:00 ICT Efanesoctocog alfa - Sobi/Sanofi First interim analysis of clinical outcomes in adults and adolescents with severe haemophilia A receiving efanesoctocog alfa prophylaxis in XTEND-ed  a phase 3 long-term extension study Oral Presentation.#OC 50.1 25 June09:30 - 10:45 ICT Elocta®/Eloctate® (efmoroctocog alfa) - Sobi Long-term joint health outcomes with a recombinant factor VIII Fc from the 48-month prospective  observational A-MORE study: Third interim analysis of up to 24 months Poster presentation. #PB0505 24 June 13:45 - 14:45 ITC Elocta®/Eloctate® (efmoroctocog alfa) - Sobi Effectiveness and safety of efmoroctocog alfa (a recombinant factor VIII Fc) across body mass index (BMI) categories: Pooled data from two non-interventional phase 4 studies (A-SURE/PREVENT) Poster presentation.#PB0209 23 June13:45 - 14:45 ITC General Haemophilia Using theHemophilia Functional Ability Scoring Tool(Hemo-FAST) to describe the joint health status in adults with hemophilia Poster presentation. #PB1227 25 June 13:45 - 14:45 ITCAll abstracts are accessible through the official ISTH website. However  any late-breaking abstracts will only be made available later.About Elocta®/Eloctate®Elocta®/Eloctate® (efmoroctocog alfa) is a recombinant clotting factor therapy developed for haemophilia A using Fc fusion technology to prolong circulation in the body. It is engineered by fusing factor VIII to the Fc portion of immunoglobulin G subclass 1  or IgG1 (a protein commonly found in the body)  enabling Elocta to use a naturally occurring pathway to extend the time the therapy remains in the body (half-life). Elocta is manufactured using a human cell line in an environment free of animal and human additives. Elocta is approved and marketed by Sobi for the treatment of haemophilia A in the EU  the UK  Iceland  Kuwait  Liechtenstein  Norway  Saudi Arabia and Switzerland. It is approved and marketed as Eloctate® (Antihemophilic Factor [Recombinant]  Fc Fusion Protein) by Sanofi in the United States  Canada Japan  Australia  New Zealand and other countries  where Sanofi has the marketing rights.About efanesoctocog alfaEfanesoctocog alfa [Antihemophilic Factor (Recombinant)  Fc-VWF-XTEN Fusion Protein] (formerly BIVV001) is a high-sustained FVIII recombinant factor VIII therapy with the potential to sustain FVIII levels in non-haemophilia range (>40%) for a significant part of the week  improving bleed protection in a once-weekly dose for people with haemophilia A. Efanesoctocog alfa builds on the innovative Fc fusion technology by adding a region of von Willebrand factor and XTEN® polypeptides to extend its time in circulation. It is the only therapy that has been shown to break through the von Willebrand factor ceiling  which imposes a half-life limitation on current factor VIII therapies. It is approved and marketed as ALTUVIIIO™ [Antihemophilic Factor (Recombinant)  Fc-VWF-XTEN Fusion Protein-ehtl] by Sanofi in the United States  Japan  and Taiwan. The European Commission granted Orphan Drug designation in June 2019. The Committee for Medicinal Products for Human Use of the European Medicines Agency issued a positive opinion recommending approval of efanesoctocog alfa for the treatment and prevention of bleeds and perioperative prophylaxis in haemophilia A in April 2024.About the Sanofi and Sobi collaborationSobi and Sanofi collaborate on the development and commercialisation of Alprolix® and Elocta®/Eloctate®. The companies also collaborate on the development and commercialisation of efanesoctocog alfa  or ALTUVIIIO™ in the US. Sobi has final development and commercialisation rights in the Sobi territory (essentially Europe  North Africa  Russia  and most Middle Eastern markets). Sanofi has final development and commercialisation rights in North America and all other regions in the world excluding the Sobi territory.About SanofiWe are an innovative global healthcare company  driven by one purpose: we chase the miracles of science to improvepeople's lives. Our team  across some 100 countries  is dedicated to transforming the practice of medicine by working toturn the impossible into the possible. We provide potentially life-changing treatment options and life-saving vaccineprotection to millions of people globally  while putting sustainability and social responsibility at the centre of ourambitions. Sanofi is listed on EURONEXT: SAN and NASDAQ: SNYAbout Sobi®Sobi® is a specialised international biopharmaceutical company transforming the lives of people with rare and debilitating diseases. Providing reliable access to innovative medicines in the areas of haematology  immunology  and specialty care  Sobi has approximately 1 800 employees across Europe  North America  the Middle East  Asia  and Australia. In 2023  revenue amounted to SEK 22.1 billion. Sobi's share (STO:SOBI) is listed on Nasdaq Stockholm. More about Sobi at sobi.com and LinkedIn.Contacts",neutral,0.07,0.93,0.01,mixed,0.36,0.31,0.33,True,English,"['Swedish Orphan Biovitrum', 'new haemophilia data', 'Sobi', 'ISTH', 'phase 3 long-term extension study Oral Presentation', 'theHemophilia Functional Ability Scoring Tool', '48-month prospective, observational A-MORE study', 'phase 3 XTEND-ed long-term extension study', 'phase 3 XTEND-ed study Oral Presentation', 'XTEND clinical program Oral Presentation', 'two non-interventional phase 4 studies', 'FVIII recombinant factor VIII therapy', 'Sobi Long-term joint health outcomes', 'current factor VIII therapies', 'von Willebrand factor ceiling', 'innovative Fc fusion technology', 'recombinant factor VIII Fc', 'Sobi/Sanofi First interim analysis', 'recombinant clotting factor therapy', 'joint health status', 'positive study outcomes', 'Sobi/Sanofi Long-term outcomes', 'haemophilia A. Efanesoctocog alfa', 'Sobi/Sanofi Interim analysis', 'Sobi/Sanofi Perioperative management', 'Fc-VWF-XTEN Fusion Protein-ehtl', 'joint-health, perioperative management', 'Third interim analysis', 'up to 24 months', 'immunoglobulin G subclass', 'Orphan Drug designation', 'European Medicines Agency', 'Fc Fusion Protein', 'hemophilia Poster presentation', 'long-term efficacy data', 'Chief Medical Officer', 'The European Commission', 'New long-term safety', 'human cell line', 'ICT Efanesoctocog alfa', 'efanesoctocog alfa prophylaxis', 'new scientific data', 'body mass index', 'official ISTH website', 'ITC General Haemophilia', '10:45 ICT Elocta®/Eloctate®', 'Haemophilia Efanesoctocog alfa', 'severe haemophilia A', 'ITC Elocta®/Eloctate®', 'clinical outcomes', 'joint outcomes', 'four oral', 'FVIII levels', 'Fc portion', 'Antihemophilic Factor', 'new data', 'Medical Affairs', 'New Zealand', 'The Committee', 'positive opinion', 'efmoroctocog alfa', 'human additives', 'Human Use', 'Key data', 'haemophilia range', 'International Society', '22ndto 26thJune', 'three posters', 'saidLydia Abad-Franch', 'R&D', 'collaborative research', 'adolescent patients', 'BMI) categories', 'occurring pathway', 'Saudi Arabia', 'United States', 'other countries', 'marketing rights', 'significant part', 'bleed protection', 'weekly dose', 'XTEN® polypeptides', 'Medicinal Products', 'Sobi Effectiveness', 'Seven abstracts', 'late-breaking abstracts', 'half-life limitation', 'Sobi®', '32ndCongress', 'Thrombosis', 'Haemostasis', 'event', 'place', 'Bangkok', 'commitment', 'advancing', 'standards', 'care', 'treatment', 'year', 'impact', 'MD', 'Head', 'community', 'people', 'world', 'adult', 'adolescents', 'children', 'PB0505', 'PB0209', 'FAST', 'PB1227', 'circulation', 'IgG1', 'time', 'environment', 'animal', 'UK', 'Iceland', 'Kuwait', 'Liechtenstein', 'Norway', 'Switzerland', 'Canada', 'Japan', 'Australia', 'BIVV001', 'sustained', 'potential', 'region', 'ALTUVIIIO™', 'Taiwan', 'approval', '14:15']",2024-06-17,2024-06-18,marketscreener.com
42914,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/ARGENX-SE-16911676/news/Argenx-to-unveil-its-Vision-2030-Taking-Breakthrough-Science-to-50-000-Patients-during-its-Up-46982232/,Argenx to unveil its ‘Vision 2030: Taking Breakthrough Science to 50 000 Patients' during its Upcoming R&D Day on July 16  2024,(marketscreener.com) R&D Day presentations to include recent Phase 2 datasets in Sjogren’s disease and multifocal motor neuropathy that support advancement to Phase 3 development Next wave of innovative pipeline candidates to be introduced highlighting long-t…,"R&D Day presentations to include recent Phase 2 datasets in Sjogren’s disease (efgartigimod) and multifocal motor neuropathy (empasiprubart) that support advancement to Phase 3 developmentNext wave of innovative pipeline candidates to be introduced highlighting long-term commitment to transform autoimmunityDecision to not advance development of efgartigimod in PC-POTS based on Phase 2 ALPHA dataJune 17  2024  7:00 AM CETAmsterdam  the Netherlands – argenx SE (Euronext & Nasdaq: ARGX)  a global immunology company committed to improving the lives of people suffering from severe autoimmune diseases  today announced that it will host an R&D day on Tuesday  July 16  2024 at 8:30am ET in New York City to unveil its ‘Vision 2030: Taking Breakthrough Science to 50 000 Patients’ and provide updates from across its current and future clinical pipeline.""argenx today is better positioned than ever before to deliver on our commitment to transform the autoimmunity treatment landscape for patients ” said Tim Van Hauwermeiren  Chief Executive Officer of argenx. “We have grown from our R&D roots over the last five years into a true global innovator  pioneering novel targets into a robust pipeline and delivering safe and effective first-in-class medicines to more than 10 000 patients around the world. We look forward to sharing our ‘Vision 2030’  and outlining how the innovation playbook that brought us here today will power our growth and evolution as we scale the argenx innovation ecosystem.”As part of its ‘Vision 2030’  argenx will outline its long-term commitment to transform the treatment of severe autoimmune disease with VYVGART  empasiprubart and its expanding pipeline of antibody-based therapeutics. This will include its plans to broaden its leadership within myasthenia gravis (MG) and chronic inflammatory demyelinating polyneuropathy (CIDP)  advance its next wave of indications through late-stage development to reach patients  and invest in its organic innovation engine to bring forward new first-in-class pipeline candidates.R&D Day AgendaThe R&D Day agenda will include the following topics:Vision 2030 : Bringing breakthrough science to 50 000 Patients: Bringing breakthrough science to 50 000 Patients Blueprint for Innovation : Next wave of first-in-class immunology targets: Next wave of first-in-class immunology targets Leadership in FcRn : Broad opportunity of efgartigimod in severe autoimmune disease Topline Phase 2 RHO data in Sjogren’s disease Preview of Phase 2/3 ALKIVIA study in immune-mediated myopathies Expansion of MG opportunity through label-enabling studies  including seronegative MG: Broad opportunity of efgartigimod in severe autoimmune disease Pioneering C2 Development : Next pipeline-in-a-product opportunity with empasiprubart Phase 2 ARDA data in multifocal motor neuropathy (MMN) Preview of Phase 2 studies in delayed graft function and dermatomyositis Introduction of fourth indication: Next pipeline-in-a-product opportunity with empasiprubart Sustainable Commercial Engine: Scaling global commercial footprint to support ‘Vision 2030’Featured Speakersargenx management and scientific leadership will be joined by external key opinion leaders who will discuss the current disease and treatment burden associated with Sjogren’s disease and MMN  as well as the potential for efgartigimod and empasiprubart as innovative treatments in these indications.Prof. Simon Bowman  PhD FRCP  Institute of Inflammation and Ageing  University of BirminghamDr. Patrick Kwon  MD  Clinical Associate Professor  Neurology  NYU Grossman School of MedicinePC-POTS UpdateResults from the Phase 2 ALPHA study of efgartigimod in post-COVID-19-mediated postural orthostatic tachycardia syndrome (PC-POTS) show that treated patients had no clinically meaningful improvement compared to placebo on the total Malmö POTS symptom (MaPS) score and COMPASS31. The observed safety and tolerability profile of efgartigimod in the ALPHA study was consistent with previous clinical trials. argenx will not move forward with development in PC-POTS and plans to prioritize resources to the nearly 50 active clinical trials in its expanding pipeline.Webcast InformationInformation will be shared leading up to the R&D Day on the event website at https://argenx2024rdday.q4ir.com  including the agenda  supporting materials  and a link to the live audio webcast. A replay of the webcast will be available on the website approximately one hour after the conclusion of the event and will be archived for 90 days.Upon conclusion of the webcast event  in-person attendees will be invited to attend an interactive poster session.About argenxargenx is a global immunology company committed to improving the lives of people suffering from severe autoimmune diseases. Partnering with leading academic researchers through its Immunology Innovation Program (IIP)  argenx aims to translate immunology breakthroughs into a world-class portfolio of novel antibody-based medicines. argenx developed and is commercializing the first approved neonatal Fc receptor (FcRn) blocker  globally in the U.S.  Japan  Israel  the EU  the UK  China and Canada. The Company is evaluating efgartigimod in multiple serious autoimmune diseases and advancing several earlier stage experimental medicines within its therapeutic franchises. For more information  visit www.argenx.com and follow us on LinkedIn  X/Twitter  Instagram  Facebook  and YouTube.For further information  please contact:Media:Ben Petokbpetok@argenx.comInvestors:Alexandra Roy (US)aroy@argenx.comLynn Elton (EU)lelton@argenx.comForward-Looking StatementsThe contents of this announcement include statements that are  or may be deemed to be  “forward-looking statements.” These forward-looking statements can be identified by the use of forward-looking terminology  including the terms “aims ” “goals ” “plans ” or “will ” and include statements argenx makes regarding its plans to unveil its ‘Vision 2030’ at an upcoming R&D day and the planned agenda of such R&D day; its ‘Vision 2030’ and its long-term commitment to transform the treatment of severe autoimmune diseases with VYVGART  empasiprubart and its expanding pipeline of antibody-based therapeutics; certain plans for future growth and evolution  including by (i) broadening its leadership within MG and CIDP and (ii) advancing its next wave of indications through late-stage development to reach patients  and scaling of its innovation ecosystem  including by investing in its organic innovation engine to bring forward new first-in-class pipeline candidates; the innovative potential for efgartigimod and empasiprubart for certain indications; certain results or previews of its clinical studies and potential opportunities thereof; its commercial engine and its goal to reach more than 50 000 patients by 2030; its goal to transform the autoimmunity treatment landscape for patients; the Phase 2 results from the ALPHA study of efgartigimod in PC-POTS; its plans to prioritize resources to active clinical trials; and its goal of translating immunology breakthroughs into a world-class portfolio of novel antibody-based medicines. By their nature  forward-looking statements involve risks and uncertainties and readers are cautioned that any such forward-looking statements are not guarantees of future performance. argenx’s actual results may differ materially from those predicted by the forward-looking statements as a result of various important factors  including the results of argenx's clinical trials; expectations regarding the inherent uncertainties associated with the development of novel drug therapies; preclinical and clinical trial and product development activities and regulatory approval requirements in products and product candidates; the acceptance of argenx's products and product candidates by patients as safe  effective and cost-effective; the impact of governmental laws and regulations on our business; disruptions caused on our reliance of third-party suppliers  service providers and manufacturers; inflation and deflation and the corresponding fluctuations in interest rates; and regional instability and conflicts. A further list and description of these risks  uncertainties and other risks can be found in argenx’s U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC) filings and reports  including in argenx’s most recent annual report on Form 20-F filed with the SEC as well as subsequent filings and reports filed by argenx with the SEC. Given these uncertainties  the reader is advised not to place any undue reliance on such forward-looking statements. These forward-looking statements speak only as of the date of publication of this document. argenx undertakes no obligation to publicly update or revise the information in this press release  including any forward-looking statements  except as may be required by law.",neutral,0.05,0.94,0.01,mixed,0.44,0.38,0.18,True,English,"['Upcoming R&D Day', 'Breakthrough Science', 'Argenx', 'Vision', '50,000 Patients', 'July', 'post-COVID-19-mediated postural orthostatic tachycardia syndrome', 'first approved neonatal Fc re', 'The R&D Day agenda', 'chronic inflammatory demyelinating polyneuropathy', 'external key opinion leaders', 'total Malmö POTS symptom', 'R&D Day presentations', 'Topline Phase 2 RHO data', 'Phase 2/3 ALKIVIA study', 'empasiprubart Sustainable Commercial Engine', 'R&D roots', 'global commercial footprint', 'Phase 2 ARDA data', 'recent Phase 2 datasets', 'multifocal motor neuropathy', 'Phase 2 ALPHA data', 'severe autoimmune diseases', 'Tim Van Hauwermeiren', 'Chief Executive Officer', 'last five years', 'true global innovator', 'Prof. Simon Bowman', 'Dr. Patrick Kwon', 'Clinical Associate Professor', 'NYU Grossman School', 'previous clinical trials', '50 active clinical trials', 'interactive poster session', 'leading academic researchers', 'organic innovation engine', 'Phase 2 ALPHA study', 'future clinical pipeline', 'global immunology company', 'innovative pipeline candidates', 'New York City', 'live audio webcast', 'Immunology Innovation Program', 'autoimmunity treatment landscape', 'novel antibody-based medicines', 'class pipeline candidates', 'argenx innovation ecosystem', 'effective first', 'Phase 2 studies', 'Phase 3 development', 'autoimmunity Decision', 'novel targets', 'robust pipeline', 'expanding pipeline', 'antibody-based therapeutics', 'innovative treatments', 'innovation playbook', 'immunology targets', 'immunology breakthroughs', 'class medicines', '7:00 AM CET', 'myasthenia gravis', 'following topics', 'Broad opportunity', 'immune-mediated myopathies', 'label-enabling studies', 'product opportunity', 'graft function', 'fourth indication', 'Featured Speakers', 'treatment burden', 'PhD FRCP', 'meaningful improvement', 'MaPS) score', 'tolerability profile', 'supporting materials', 'person attendees', 'world-class portfolio', 'Next wave', 'long-term commitment', 'MG opportunity', 'seronegative MG', 'webcast event', 'disease Preview', 'current disease', 'late-stage development', 'C2 Development', 'Webcast Information', 'argenx SE', 'argenx management', 'breakthrough science', 'scientific leadership', 'PC-POTS Update', 'event website', 'Sjogren', 'efgartigimod', 'advancement', 'June', 'Amsterdam', 'Netherlands', 'Euronext', 'Nasdaq', 'ARGX', 'lives', 'people', 'Tuesday', 'July', '8:30am', 'Vision', '50,000 Patients', 'updates', 'safe', '10,000 patients', 'growth', 'evolution', 'part', 'VYVGART', 'plans', 'CIDP', 'indications', 'FcRn', 'MMN', 'dermatomyositis', 'Introduction', 'potential', 'Institute', 'Inflammation', 'Ageing', 'University', 'Birmingham', 'MD', 'Neurology', 'Results', 'placebo', 'COMPASS31', 'resources', 'argenx2024rdday', 'link', 'replay', 'conclusion', '90 days', 'IIP']",2024-06-17,2024-06-18,marketscreener.com
42915,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/EUROFINS-SCIENTIFIC-SE-4753/news/Eurofins-Scientific-Managers-transactions-Director-PDMR-Shareholding--46984065/,Eurofins Scientific : Managers' transactions Director/PDMR Shareholding”,(marketscreener.com)   NOTIFICATION AND PUBLIC DISCLOSURE OF TRANSACTIONS BY PERSONS DISCHARGING MANAGERIAL RESPONSIBILITIES   AND PERSONS CLOSELY ASSOCIATED WITH THEM   1. Details of the person discharging managerial responsibilities/person closely a…,NOTIFICATION AND PUBLIC DISCLOSURE OF TRANSACTIONS BY PERSONS DISCHARGING MANAGERIAL RESPONSIBILITIESAND PERSONS CLOSELY ASSOCIATED WITH THEM1. Details of the person discharging managerial responsibilities/person closely associateda) Name1 Gabriel JULIA2. Reason for the notificationa) Position / status2 Group Senior Vice President b) Initial notification / amendment3 Initial 3. Details of the issuer  emission allowance market participant  auction platform  auctioneer or auction monitor a) Name4 Eurofins Scientific S.E. b) LEI5 529900JEHFM47DYY3S574. Details of the transaction(s)section to be repeated for (i) each type of instrument; (ii) each type of transaction; (iii) each date; and (iv) each place where transactions have been conductedDescription of the financialinstrument  type of instrument 6 Share Identification code7 ISIN: FR0014000MR3 b) Nature of the transaction8 Acquisition of shares 500 Transaction not linked to the Eurofins stock option / free share / warrants program c) Price(s) and volume(s)9 Price(s) Volume(s) EUR 52.22 EUR 26 110 d) Aggregated information - Aggregated volume10 EUR 26 110 - Price11 EUR 52.22 e) Date of the transaction12 2024-06-14 f) Place of the transaction13 Euronext ParisDate and signature_______________________________For natural persons: the first name and the last name(s). For legal persons: full name including legal form as provided for in the register where it is incorporated  if applicable. For persons discharging managerial responsibilities: the position occupied within the issuer  emission allowances market participant/auction platform/auctioneer/auction monitor should be indicated  e.g. CEO  CFO.For persons closely associated:- an indication that the notification concerns a person closely associated with a person discharging managerial responsibilities - the name and position of the relevant person discharging managerial responsibilities. Indication that this is an initial notification or an amendment to prior notifications. In case of amendment  explain the error that this notification is amending.4Full name of the entity.in accordance with ISO 17442 LEI code.,neutral,0.06,0.93,0.01,negative,0.01,0.18,0.81,True,English,"[""Managers' transactions Director"", 'Eurofins Scientific', 'PDMR Shareholding', 'status2 Group Senior Vice President', 'Name4 Eurofins Scientific S.E', 'Share Identification code7 ISIN', 'emission allowance market participant', 'PERSONS DISCHARGING MANAGERIAL RESPONSIBILITIES', 'Eurofins stock option', 'transaction13 Euronext Paris', 'market participant/auction platform', 'ISO 17442 LEI code', 'free share', 'emission allowances', 'Price(s', 'Volume(s', 'PUBLIC DISCLOSURE', 'Gabriel JULIA', 'auction monitor', 'LEI5 529900JEHFM47DYY3S57', 'Aggregated information', 'Aggregated volume10', 'legal form', 'prior notifications', 'natural persons', 'legal persons', 'first name', 'last name', 'full name', 'Initial notification', 'financial instrument', 'relevant person', 'TRANSACTIONS', 'Details', 'Name1', 'Reason', 'Position', 'amendment3', 'issuer', 'auctioneer', 'section', 'type', 'date', 'place', 'Description', 'Nature', 'transaction8', 'Acquisition', 'shares', '500 Transaction', 'warrants', 'Price11', 'transaction12', 'register', 'CEO', 'CFO', 'indication', 'case', 'error', 'entity', 'accordance', '2.']",2024-06-17,2024-06-18,marketscreener.com
42916,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.investing.com/news/press-releases/argenx-to-unveil-its-vision-2030-taking-breakthrough-science-to-50000-patients-during-its-upcoming-rd-day-on-july-16-2024-93CH-3486125,argenx to unveil its ˜Vision 2030: Taking Breakthrough Science to 50 000 Patients' during its Upcoming R&D Day on July 16  2024 By Investing.com,argenx to unveil its ˜Vision 2030: Taking Breakthrough Science to 50 000 Patients' during its Upcoming R&D Day on July 16  2024,"R&D Day presentations to include recent Phase 2 datasets in Sjogren's disease (efgartigimod) and multifocal motor neuropathy (empasiprubart) that support advancement to Phase 3 developmentNext wave of innovative pipeline candidates to be introduced highlighting long-term commitment to transform autoimmunityDecision to not advance development of efgartigimod in PC-POTS based on Phase 2 ALPHA dataJune 17  2024  7:00 AM CETAmsterdam  the Netherlands “ argenx SE (Euronext & Nasdaq: ARGX)  a global immunology company committed to improving the lives of people suffering from severe autoimmune diseases  today announced that it will host an R&D day on Tuesday  July 16  2024 at 8:30am ET in New York City to unveil its ˜Vision 2030: Taking Breakthrough Science to 50 000 Patients' and provide updates from across its current and future clinical pipeline.""argenx today is better positioned than ever before to deliver on our commitment to transform the autoimmunity treatment landscape for patients  said Tim Van Hauwermeiren  Chief Executive Officer of argenx. We have grown from our R&D roots over the last five years into a true global innovator  pioneering novel targets into a robust pipeline and delivering safe and effective first-in-class medicines to more than 10 000 patients around the world. We look forward to sharing our ˜Vision 2030'  and outlining how the innovation playbook that brought us here today will power our growth and evolution as we scale the argenx innovation ecosystem.As part of its ˜Vision 2030'  argenx will outline its long-term commitment to transform the treatment of severe autoimmune disease with VYVGART  empasiprubart and its expanding pipeline of antibody-based therapeutics. This will include its plans to broaden its leadership within myasthenia gravis (MG) and chronic inflammatory demyelinating polyneuropathy (CIDP)  advance its next wave of indications through late-stage development to reach patients  and invest in its organic innovation engine to bring forward new first-in-class pipeline candidates.R&D Day AgendaThe R&D Day agenda will include the following topics:Vision 2030 : Bringing breakthrough science to 50 000 Patients: Bringing breakthrough science to 50 000 Patients Blueprint for Innovation : Next wave of first-in-class immunology targets: Next wave of first-in-class immunology targets Leadership in FcRn : Broad opportunity of efgartigimod in severe autoimmune disease Topline Phase 2 RHO data in Sjogren's disease Preview of Phase 2/3 ALKIVIA study in immune-mediated myopathies Expansion of MG opportunity through label-enabling studies  including seronegative MG: Broad opportunity of efgartigimod in severe autoimmune disease Pioneering C2 Development : Next pipeline-in-a-product opportunity with empasiprubart Phase 2 ARDA data in multifocal motor neuropathy (MMN) Preview of Phase 2 studies in delayed graft function and dermatomyositis Introduction of fourth indication: Next pipeline-in-a-product opportunity with empasiprubart Sustainable Commercial Engine: Scaling global commercial footprint to support ˜Vision 2030'Featured Speakersargenx management and scientific leadership will be joined by external key opinion leaders who will discuss the current disease and treatment burden associated with Sjogren's disease and MMN  as well as the potential for efgartigimod and empasiprubart as innovative treatments in these indications.Prof. Simon Bowman  PhD FRCP  Institute of Inflammation and Ageing  University of BirminghamDr. Patrick Kwon  MD  Clinical Associate Professor  Neurology  NYU Grossman School of MedicinePC-POTS UpdateResults from the Phase 2 ALPHA study of efgartigimod in post-COVID-19-mediated postural orthostatic tachycardia syndrome (PC-POTS) show that treated patients had no clinically meaningful improvement compared to placebo on the total MalmÃ¶ POTS symptom (MaPS) score and COMPASS31. The observed safety and tolerability profile of efgartigimod in the ALPHA study was consistent with previous clinical trials. argenx will not move forward with development in PC-POTS and plans to prioritize resources to the nearly 50 active clinical trials in its expanding pipeline.Webcast InformationInformation will be shared leading up to the R&D Day on the event website at https://argenx2024rdday.q4ir.com  including the agenda  supporting materials  and a link to the live audio webcast. A replay of the webcast will be available on the website approximately one hour after the conclusion of the event and will be archived for 90 days.Upon conclusion of the webcast event  in-person attendees will be invited to attend an interactive poster session.About argenxargenx is a global immunology company committed to improving the lives of people suffering from severe autoimmune diseases. Partnering with leading academic researchers through its Immunology Innovation Program (IIP)  argenx aims to translate immunology breakthroughs into a world-class portfolio of novel antibody-based medicines. argenx developed and is commercializing the first approved neonatal Fc receptor (FcRn) blocker  globally in the U.S.  Japan  Israel  the EU  the UK  China and Canada. The Company is evaluating efgartigimod in multiple serious autoimmune diseases and advancing several earlier stage experimental medicines within its therapeutic franchises. For more information  visit www.argenx.com and follow us on LinkedIn  X/Twitter  Instagram  Facebook (NASDAQ: )  and YouTube.For further information  please contact:Media:Ben Petokbpetok@argenx.comInvestors:Alexandra Roy (US)aroy@argenx.comLynn Elton (EU)lelton@argenx.comForward-Looking StatementsThe contents of this announcement include statements that are  or may be deemed to be  forward-looking statements. These forward-looking statements can be identified by the use of forward-looking terminology  including the terms aims  goals  plans  or will  and include statements argenx makes regarding its plans to unveil its ˜Vision 2030' at an upcoming R&D day and the planned agenda of such R&D day; its ˜Vision 2030' and its long-term commitment to transform the treatment of severe autoimmune diseases with VYVGART  empasiprubart and its expanding pipeline of antibody-based therapeutics; certain plans for future growth and evolution  including by (i) broadening its leadership within MG and CIDP and (ii) advancing its next wave of indications through late-stage development to reach patients  and scaling of its innovation ecosystem  including by investing in its organic innovation engine to bring forward new first-in-class pipeline candidates; the innovative potential for efgartigimod and empasiprubart for certain indications; certain results or previews of its clinical studies and potential opportunities thereof; its commercial engine and its goal to reach more than 50 000 patients by 2030; its goal to transform the autoimmunity treatment landscape for patients; the Phase 2 results from the ALPHA study of efgartigimod in PC-POTS; its plans to prioritize resources to active clinical trials; and its goal of translating immunology breakthroughs into a world-class portfolio of novel antibody-based medicines. By their nature  forward-looking statements involve risks and uncertainties and readers are cautioned that any such forward-looking statements are not guarantees of future performance. argenx's actual results may differ materially from those predicted by the forward-looking statements as a result of various important factors  including the results of argenx's clinical trials; expectations regarding the inherent uncertainties associated with the development of novel drug therapies; preclinical and clinical trial and product development activities and regulatory approval requirements in products and product candidates; the acceptance of argenx's products and product candidates by patients as safe  effective and cost-effective; the impact of governmental laws and regulations on our business; disruptions caused on our reliance of third-party suppliers  service providers and manufacturers; inflation and deflation and the corresponding fluctuations in interest rates; and regional instability and conflicts. A further list and description of these risks  uncertainties and other risks can be found in argenx's U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC) filings and reports  including in argenx's most recent annual report on Form 20-F filed with the SEC as well as subsequent filings and reports filed by argenx with the SEC. Given these uncertainties  the reader is advised not to place any undue reliance on such forward-looking statements. These forward-looking statements speak only as of the date of publication of this document. argenx undertakes no obligation to publicly update or revise the information in this press release  including any forward-looking statements  except as may be required by law.Source: argenx SE",neutral,0.07,0.92,0.01,positive,0.67,0.32,0.01,True,English,"['Upcoming R&D Day', 'Breakthrough Science', 'Investing.com', 'argenx', 'Vision', '50,000 Patients', 'July', '˜', 'post-COVID-19-mediated postural orthostatic tachycardia syndrome', 'first approved neonatal Fc rece', 'The R&D Day agenda', 'chronic inflammatory demyelinating polyneuropathy', 'external key opinion leaders', 'total MalmÃ¶ POTS symptom', 'R&D Day presentations', 'Topline Phase 2 RHO data', 'Phase 2/3 ALKIVIA study', 'empasiprubart Sustainable Commercial Engine', 'R&D roots', 'global commercial footprint', 'Phase 2 ARDA data', 'recent Phase 2 datasets', 'multifocal motor neuropathy', 'Phase 2 ALPHA data', 'severe autoimmune diseases', 'Tim Van Hauwermeiren', 'Chief Executive Officer', 'last five years', 'true global innovator', 'Prof. Simon Bowman', 'Dr. Patrick Kwon', 'Clinical Associate Professor', 'NYU Grossman School', 'previous clinical trials', '50 active clinical trials', 'interactive poster session', 'leading academic researchers', 'organic innovation engine', 'Phase 2 ALPHA study', 'future clinical pipeline', 'global immunology company', 'innovative pipeline candidates', 'New York City', 'live audio webcast', 'Immunology Innovation Program', 'autoimmunity treatment landscape', 'novel antibody-based medicines', 'class pipeline candidates', 'argenx innovation ecosystem', 'effective first', 'Phase 2 studies', 'Phase 3 development', 'autoimmunity Decision', 'novel targets', 'robust pipeline', 'expanding pipeline', 'antibody-based therapeutics', 'innovative treatments', 'innovation playbook', 'immunology targets', 'immunology breakthroughs', 'class medicines', '7:00 AM CET', 'Breakthrough Science', 'myasthenia gravis', 'following topics', 'Broad opportunity', 'immune-mediated myopathies', 'label-enabling studies', 'product opportunity', 'graft function', 'fourth indication', 'Featured Speakers', 'treatment burden', 'PhD FRCP', 'meaningful improvement', 'MaPS) score', 'tolerability profile', 'supporting materials', 'person attendees', 'world-class portfolio', 'Next wave', 'long-term commitment', 'MG opportunity', 'seronegative MG', 'webcast event', 'disease Preview', 'current disease', 'late-stage development', 'C2 Development', 'Webcast Information', 'argenx SE', 'argenx management', 'scientific leadership', 'PC-POTS Update', 'event website', 'Sjogren', 'efgartigimod', 'advancement', 'June', 'Amsterdam', 'Netherlands', 'Euronext', 'Nasdaq', 'ARGX', 'lives', 'people', 'Tuesday', 'July', '8:30am', 'Vision', '50,000 Patients', 'updates', 'safe', '10,000 patients', 'growth', 'evolution', 'part', 'VYVGART', 'plans', 'CIDP', 'indications', 'FcRn', 'MMN', 'dermatomyositis', 'Introduction', 'potential', 'Institute', 'Inflammation', 'Ageing', 'University', 'Birmingham', 'MD', 'Neurology', 'Results', 'placebo', 'COMPASS31', 'resources', 'argenx2024rdday', 'link', 'replay', 'conclusion', '90 days', 'IIP', '˜']",2024-06-17,2024-06-18,investing.com
42917,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/VOLTA-FINANCE-LIMITED-39050/news/Volta-Finance-Limited-Net-Asset-Value-as-at-31-May-2024-46987271/,Volta Finance Limited Net Asset Value as at 31 May 2024,(marketscreener.com) Volta Finance Limited – May 2024 monthly report NOT FOR RELEASE  DISTRIBUTION  OR PUBLICATION  IN WHOLE OR PART  IN OR INTO THE UNITED STATES  Attachment  Volta - Monthly report- May 2024   https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/sto…,"Volta Finance Limited (VTA / VTAS) – May 2024 monthly reportNOT FOR RELEASE  DISTRIBUTION  OR PUBLICATION  IN WHOLE OR PART  IN OR INTO THE UNITED STATES*****Guernsey  June 17th  2024AXA IM has published the Volta Finance Limited (the “Company” or “Volta Finance” or “Volta”) monthly report for May 2024. The full report is attached to this release and will be available on Volta’s website shortly (www.voltafinance.com).PERFORMANCE and PORTFOLIO ACTIVITYDear investors May was a strong month for Volta Finance  with a net performance of 1.7% and year-to-date return close to +9.5%. In comparison  US High Yield returned +1.63% year-to-date while European High Yield returned +2.57%.Despite volatile markets  credit markets performed well in May. The momentum was fueled – in Europe - by anticipation of imminent rate cuts from the European Central Bank  which were eventually implemented early June. Both High Yield Credit indices CDX (for the US) and Xover (for Europe) tightened by 20bps+ on the month while US 10-year treasuries decreased from 4.68% to 4.50%. Leveraged Loan markets also showed strength as Euro Loans gained one point to 98.15px while the US index closed 30 cents up at 96.94px.Primary CLO markets remained extremely active  with significant issuance in both markets: there was circa USD 47bn of supply in the US (BSL + MML) and EUR 8.5bn in Europe. Spreads tightened across the capital structure with AAAs moving 5bps tighter to +140bps ; Non-Investment Grade assets also gained momentum as Tier One CLO managers managed to place their BB-rated tranches well inside +600bps in the US.Fundamentals in both underlying loan markets continued to display no sign of weakness  notably with default rates down to 1.08% in the US and 1.48% in Europe. At the same time  the pick-up in loan refinancings has been increasing the speed of prepayments in amortizing CLOs and fueling CLO refinancing and reset activity.Volta Finance’s investment portfolio benefited from this search for yield  with mark-to-market valuations for CLO debt tranches increasing and CLO Equity investments returning over 3% on the month due to a combination of both higher valuation and strong payments. Through the month  Volta engaged in various transactions  including swapping from an amortizing US CLO debt tranche into a longer profile one  adding to an existing CLO Equity (€0.1m) and funding €1.6m of a European CLO warehouse. The cashflow generation over the last 6 months remained strong at c. €28.4mm equivalent of interests and coupons on an annualized basis  representing 22% of this month’s NAV.Volta’s underlying sub asset classes monthly performances** were as follow: +1.4% for Bank Balance Sheet transactions  +3.2% for CLO Equity tranches  +2.4% for CLO Debt tranches and -1.3% for Cash Corporate Credit & ABS***  cash representing c.8% of NAV.As of end of May 2024  Volta’s NAV was €262.9m  i.e. €7.19 per share.*It should be noted that approximately 0.49% of Volta’s GAV comprises investments for which the relevant NAVs as at the month-end date are normally available only after Volta’s NAV has already been published. Volta’s policy is to publish its NAV on as timely a basis as possible to provide shareholders with Volta’s appropriately up-to-date NAV information. Consequently  such investments are valued using the most recently available NAV for each fund or quoted price for such subordinated notes. The most recently available fund NAV or quoted price was 0.26% as at 30 April 2024  0.23% as at 31 March 2024.** “performances” of asset classes are calculated as the Dietz-performance of the assets in each bucket  taking into account the Mark-to-Market of the assets at period ends  payments received from the assets over the period  and ignoring changes in cross-currency rates. Nevertheless  some residual currency effects could impact the aggregate value of the portfolio when aggregating each bucket.*** The cash Corporate Credit and ABS bucket is currently made of 3 legacy assets representing 0.8% of GAV.CONTACTSFor the Investment ManagerAXA Investment Managers ParisFrançois Touatifrancois.touati@axa-im.com+33 (0) 1 44 45 80 22Olivier PonsOlivier.pons@axa-im.com+33 (0) 1 44 45 87 30Company Secretary and AdministratorBNP Paribas S.A  Guernsey Branchguernsey.bp2s.volta.cosec@bnpparibas.com+44 (0) 1481 750 853Corporate BrokerCavendish Securities plcAndrew WorneDaniel Balabanoff+44 (0) 20 7397 8900*****ABOUT VOLTA FINANCE LIMITEDVolta Finance Limited is incorporated in Guernsey under The Companies (Guernsey) Law  2008 (as amended) and listed on Euronext Amsterdam and the London Stock Exchange's Main Market for listed securities. Volta’s home member state for the purposes of the EU Transparency Directive is the Netherlands. As such  Volta is subject to regulation and supervision by the AFM  being the regulator for financial markets in the Netherlands.Volta’s Investment objectives are to preserve its capital across the credit cycle and to provide a stable stream of income to its Shareholders through dividends that it expects to distribute on a quarterly basis. The Company currently seeks to achieve its investment objectives by pursuing exposure predominantly to CLO’s and similar asset classes. A more diversified investment strategy across structured finance assets may be pursued opportunistically. The Company has appointed AXA Investment Managers Paris an investment management company with a division specialised in structured credit  for the investment management of all its assets.*****ABOUT AXA INVESTMENT MANAGERSAXA Investment Managers (AXA IM) is a multi-expert asset management company within the AXA Group  a global leader in financial protection and wealth management. AXA IM is one of the largest European-based asset managers with 2 600 professionals and €824 billion in assets under management as of the end of June 2023.*****This press release is published by AXA Investment Managers Paris (“AXA IM”)  in its capacity as alternative investment fund manager (within the meaning of Directive 2011/61/EU  the “AIFM Directive”) of Volta Finance Limited (the ""Volta Finance"") whose portfolio is managed by AXA IM.This press release is for information only and does not constitute an invitation or inducement to acquire shares in Volta Finance. Its circulation may be prohibited in certain jurisdictions and no recipient may circulate copies of this document in breach of such limitations or restrictions. This document is not an offer for sale of the securities referred to herein in the United States or to persons who are “U.S. persons” for purposes of Regulation S under the U.S. Securities Act of 1933  as amended (the “Securities Act”)  or otherwise in circumstances where such offer would be restricted by applicable law. Such securities may not be sold in the United States absent registration or an exemption from registration from the Securities Act. Volta Finance does not intend to register any portion of the offer of such securities in the United States or to conduct a public offering of such securities in the United States.*****This communication is only being distributed to and is only directed at (i) persons who are outside the United Kingdom or (ii) investment professionals falling within Article 19(5) of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 (Financial Promotion) Order 2005 (the “Order”) or (iii) high net worth companies  and other persons to whom it may lawfully be communicated  falling within Article 49(2)(a) to (d) of the Order (all such persons together being referred to as “relevant persons”). The securities referred to herein are only available to  and any invitation  offer or agreement to subscribe  purchase or otherwise acquire such securities will be engaged in only with  relevant persons. Any person who is not a relevant person should not act or rely on this document or any of its contents. Past performance cannot be relied on as a guide to future performance.*****This press release contains statements that are  or may deemed to be  ""forward-looking statements"". These forward-looking statements can be identified by the use of forward-looking terminology  including the terms ""believes""  ""anticipated""  ""expects""  ""intends""  ""is/are expected""  ""may""  ""will"" or ""should"". They include the statements regarding the level of the dividend  the current market context and its impact on the long-term return of Volta Finance's investments. By their nature  forward-looking statements involve risks and uncertainties and readers are cautioned that any such forward-looking statements are not guarantees of future performance. Volta Finance's actual results  portfolio composition and performance may differ materially from the impression created by the forward-looking statements. AXA IM does not undertake any obligation to publicly update or revise forward-looking statements.Any target information is based on certain assumptions as to future events which may not prove to be realised. Due to the uncertainty surrounding these future events  the targets are not intended to be and should not be regarded as profits or earnings or any other type of forecasts. There can be no assurance that any of these targets will be achieved. In addition  no assurance can be given that the investment objective will be achieved.The figures provided that relate to past months or years and past performance cannot be relied on as a guide to future performance or construed as a reliable indicator as to future performance. Throughout this review  the citation of specific trades or strategies is intended to illustrate some of the investment methodologies and philosophies of Volta Finance  as implemented by AXA IM. The historical success or AXA IM’s belief in the future success  of any of these trades or strategies is not indicative of  and has no bearing on  future results.The valuation of financial assets can vary significantly from the prices that the AXA IM could obtain if it sought to liquidate the positions on behalf of the Volta Finance due to market conditions and general economic environment. Such valuations do not constitute a fairness or similar opinion and should not be regarded as such.Editor: AXA INVESTMENT MANAGERS PARIS  a company incorporated under the laws of France  having its registered office located at Tour Majunga  6  Place de la Pyramide - 92800 Puteaux. AXA IMP is authorized by the Autorité des Marchés Financiers under registration number GP92008 as an alternative investment fund manager within the meaning of the AIFM Directive.*****Attachment",neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,mixed,0.36,0.22,0.41,True,English,"['Volta Finance Limited Net Asset Value', '31 May', 'underlying sub asset classes monthly performances', 'BNP Paribas S.A', 'Bank Balance Sheet transactions', 'François Touati francois', 'Tier One CLO managers', 'High Yield Credit indices', 'AXA Investment Managers Paris', 'US CLO debt tranche', 'European Central Bank', 'underlying loan markets', 'CLO debt tranches', 'existing CLO Equity', 'European CLO warehouse', 'European High Yield', 'imminent rate cuts', 'longer profile one', 'residual currency effects', 'London Stock Exchange', 'home member state', 'EU Transparency Directive', 'CLO Equity tranches', 'Cavendish Securities plc', 'Primary CLO markets', 'US High Yield', 'US 10-year treasuries', 'Olivier Pons Olivier', 'Leveraged Loan markets', 'CLO Equity investments', 'Non-Investment Grade assets', 'May 2024 monthly report', 'Volta Finance Limited', 'Guernsey Branch guernsey', 'cash Corporate Credit', 'CLO refinancing', 'one point', 'various transactions', 'credit markets', 'BB-rated tranches', 'loan refinancings', 'credit cycle', 'listed securities', 'Investment objectives', 'full report', 'Corporate Broker', 'volatile markets', 'financial markets', 'investment portfolio', 'UNITED STATES', 'AXA IM', 'Dear investors', 'Euro Loans', 'US index', 'significant issuance', 'USD 47bn', 'default rates', 'same time', 'reset activity', 'higher valuation', 'cashflow generation', 'last 6 months', 'relevant NAVs', 'subordinated notes', 'cross-currency rates', 'aggregate value', 'Andrew Worne', 'Daniel Balabanoff', 'Guernsey) Law', 'Euronext Amsterdam', 'stable stream', 'PORTFOLIO ACTIVITY', 'market valuations', 'Main Market', '3 legacy assets', 'net performance', 'capital structure', 'strong payments', 'annualized basis', 'period ends', 'Company Secretary', 'The Companies', 'month-end date', 'strong month', 'NAV information', 'ABS bucket', 'VTA', 'RELEASE', 'DISTRIBUTION', 'PUBLICATION', 'WHOLE', 'PART', 'June', 'website', 'voltafinance', 'comparison', 'momentum', 'anticipation', 'CDX', 'Xover', 'strength', 'supply', 'BSL', 'MML', 'Spreads', 'AAAs', 'Fundamentals', 'weakness', 'pick-up', 'speed', 'prepayments', 'CLOs', 'search', 'combination', 'amortizing', 'interests', 'coupons', 'share', 'GAV', 'policy', 'price', '30 April', '31 March', 'Dietz-performance', 'account', 'changes', 'CONTACTS', 'Administrator', 'bnpparibas', 'purposes', 'Netherlands', 'regulation', 'supervision', 'AFM', 'regulator', 'income', 'dividen', '1.', '4.', '44']",2024-06-17,2024-06-18,marketscreener.com
42918,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.investing.com/news/press-releases/e-pharma-announces-a-financing-guarantee-agreement-and-the-launch-of-capital-increase-of-minimum-22-million-euros-93CH-3487287,™E Pharma Announces a Financing Guarantee Agreement and the Launch of Capital Increase of Minimum 2.2 Million Euros By Investing.com,™E Pharma Announces a Financing Guarantee Agreement and the Launch of Capital Increase of Minimum 2.2 Million Euros,"Launch of an offering of new shares comprising a reserved offering for professional investors and a public offering for retail investors in France only through the French PrimaryBid platform.The PrimaryBid offering will close on June 17  2024  at 10.00 p.m. Paris time and the offering reserved for professional investors will close on June 18  2024  before start of trading (subject to early closure).The price of €0.1798 per new share  representing a discount of 10% to the closing price on June 17  2024.A separate guarantee agreement has been signed by professional investors to ensure a total of €2.2 million gross proceeds will be received by the company.Guaranteed net proceeds will extend cash runway from July 2024 into December 2024  past targeted strategic partnering and financing milestones in Q4-2024.BERLIN--(BUSINESS WIRE)--Regulatory News:This information is only intended for residents of France and not intended for residents of other countries including the Netherlands and other EU/EEA Member States  the United Kingdom  United States  Australia  Canada or Japan. The release  publication or distribution of this announcement in certain jurisdictions may be restricted by law and therefore persons in such jurisdictions into which they are released  published or distributed  should inform themselves about  and observe  such restrictions. This capital increase falls within one or more of the exemptions from any requirement for the company to publish a prospectus (approved by the AMF).™E Pharma N.V. (Euronext Growth Paris: AL™E)  a clinical-stage biotechnology company focused on developing novel therapies for treatment of cancer by targeting the tumor microenvironment (™E)  announced the launch of a capital increase through issuance of new shares for a minimum of €2.2 million gross proceeds. Guaranteed net proceeds will allow the company to reach key strategic partnering and financing milestones in 2024.The operation is open to professional investors and is also open to the retail investors in France via the PrimaryBid platform for up to €390 000  representing up to 15% of the total capital increase. A separate guarantee agreement has been put in place to ensure the company will have received €2.2 million gross by June 28  2024. Guaranteed net proceeds will extend cash runway from July 20241 into December 2024  past targeted strategic partnering and financing milestones in Q4-2024.""NOX-A12 has delivered exceptional data in chemotherapy-resistant patients with the aggressive brain cancer  glioblastoma  in combination with radiotherapy and the anti-VEGF antibody bevacizumab: a 10-fold increase in the rate of survival at 21 months when compared to a reference cohort receiving standard of care (50% vs 5%) and a near-doubling of the median overall survival (19.9 vs. 10.5 months)2. This strong clinical data enabled ™E Pharma to fulfill its promises to: 1) obtain FDA approval for the Phase 2 trial design in brain cancer  2) obtain Fast Track designation and access to the accelerated regulatory pathway from the FDA  3) raise funds to eliminate convertible debt from the capital structure of the company  and 4) generate a high-profile scientific publication around NOX-A12 such as Nature Communications article announced earlier today "" said Aram Mangasarian  CEO of ™E Pharma. The guaranteed capital injection announced today will provide ™E Pharma with financing into December 2024  with the possibility of extending our cash runway even further should the outstanding Warrants Z be exercised between July 1 and the end of 2024. This increased financial visibility will allow us to focus on achievement of our next targeted strategic partnering and financing milestones for 2024  which include: cooperation with a pharma partner on drug supply of the anti-VEGF antibody combination drug for the Phase 2  monetization of the NOX-E36 asset (e.g. via a spinout) and additional transactions sufficient to secure financing of the upcoming Phase 2 NOX-A12 brain cancer trial via a combination of non-dilutive grant funding  a strategic alliance and/or investment from expert institutional investors. In summary  our goal for this financing is to allow a significant transformation of the company's profile in the remainder of 2024.Key Financing details and timetableCapital increases as part of a transaction comprise: a public offering in France only through the French PrimaryBid platform for up to €390 000  or up to 15% of the total capital increase for retail investors (and not in any other jurisdiction including without being exclusive the Netherlands or any other EU/EEA Member State  the United Kingdom  the United States of America  Australia  Canada or Japan) under the exemption and subject to the applicable publication requirement listed in the French Code monÃ©taire et financier and the General Regulation of the AutoritÃ© des marchÃ©s financiers (AMF) and falling within one or more of the exemptions from any requirement for the company to publish a prospectus pursuant to the prospectus regulation within the meaning of Regulation (EU)2017/1129 of the European Parliament and of the Council of June 14  2017  as amended (the PrimaryBid Offering); and a reserved offering to professional investors within the European Union by way of private placement with an accelerated book-build (the Reserved Offering) with the minimum of €2.2 million excluding the PrimaryBid Offering.The price of €0.1798 per new share  representing a discount of 10% to the closing price on June 17  2024.The PrimaryBid Offering will close on June 17  2024  at 10.00 p.m. Paris time and the Reserved Offering will close on June 18  2024  before start of trading (subject to early closure).A group of guarantors are contractually committed guarantee €2.2 million in gross proceeds by June 28  2024  by purchasing new shares at the same price of €0.1798 per share  in exchange for a 10% fee on the guaranteed amount. This ensures that even if today's capital increase does not reach its targeted amount  net proceeds from the guarantors will extend cash runway into December 2024  past targeted strategic partnering and financing milestones in Q4-2024.The company will announce the results of the transaction as soon as possible following the closing of the order book for the Reserved Offering in a press release  which will present the final number of new ordinary shares issued.Settlement of the new shares and their admission to trading on Euronext Growth Paris multilateral trading facility are expected to occur on June 20  2024. The new shares will be of the same class and fungible with the existing shares  will carry all rights attached to the shares  and will be admitted to trading under the same ISIN code NL0015000YE1.Use of ProceedsApproximately 30% of net proceeds from the capital increase will be used on research and development (R&D) activities including ongoing NOX-A12 GLORIA Phase 1/2 trial in brain cancer  regulatory interactions in Europe for the next brain cancer trial and intellectual property activities. Another approximately 30% of net proceeds will be used for outreach to potential industry partners and investors  the pursuit of government or charitable grants and preparation for the targeted monetization of the NOX-E36 program. The remaining 40% of net proceeds will be used for general corporate purposes including accounting  auditing  legal advice and maintenance of the listing.GuaranteeGross proceeds of €2.2 million is guaranteed by a group of investors  whose individual commitment is not representing a concerted action towards the potential control of the company. None of them individually would cross threshold of 50% ownership even if the guarantee was required in full.Shareholder and Corporate AuthorizationsThe issuance of shares in this transaction relies upon the authorizations granted to the Issuer by its shareholders in the annual general meeting (AGM) on June 29  2023  under agenda items 5 and 6. Issuer has completed and obtained all necessary corporate approvals for the transaction. In particular  at the AGM held on June 29  2023  the company's shareholders approved the transitional provision which came into effect in February 2024  as a result the authorized capital amounts to €900 000 divided into 80 000 000 ordinary shares and 10 000 000 preference shares  each share with a nominal value of €0.01.Dilutive PotentialShareholders residing in France have the option to participate via the PrimaryBid platform to reduce dilution from this transaction if they are able to purchase sufficient number of shares. If they do not participate in the PrimaryBid Offering they will be diluted as outlined in the table below.Table: Dilutive Potential from TransactionDescription Shares to be issued(max) Total sharesoutstanding Dilution (max) Shareholderstarting with 1%would then hold Prior to announcement of capital increase - 28 453 373 - 1% Up to €2 590 000 capital increase at €0.1798 per share 14 404 894 42 858 267 33.61% 0.66%Financial IntermediariesALLinvest is the global coordinator “ lead manager and bookrunner for the Reserved Offering.For the PrimaryBid Offering  retail investors will be able to subscribe exclusively through the PrimaryBid partners indicated on the PrimaryBid website (www.PrimaryBid.fr). The PrimaryBid Offering is not covered by an underwriting agreement. For further details  please refer to the PrimaryBid website at www.PrimaryBid.fr.Risk FactorsThe main risk factors relating to the transaction are as follows:the market price of the company's shares may fluctuate and fall below the subscription price of the new shares  resulting in a loss for investors;the volatility and liquidity of the company's shares may fluctuate significantly;existing shareholders will see their stake in the company's share capital diluted;the placement is not subject to a performance guarantee and investors who have acquired shares could sustain a loss equal to the price of acquiring these shares if the company is not able to continue its operations due to strategic  operational or financial factors;the company expects to incur losses for the foreseeable future and will need substantial additional funding from industrial partners  financial investors  and/or governmental or charitable institutions in order to complete the development and commercialization of its product candidates  which may not be available on acceptable terms when needed  if at all.Before deciding to invest  investors are asked to familiarise themselves with the risks described in the company's 2023 annual financial report available on the company website.Potential Conflict of InterestPart of the variable remuneration of management relates to corporate goals for advancing the development pipeline of ™E Pharma as well as securing the respective funding. Management also holds shares  warrants and options in the company.Additional InformationOther securitiesThe Issuer is also issuer of the following securities:™E Pharma's Warrants Z  (ISIN NL0015001SR3)Please refer to ™E Pharma Rights Issue (tmepharma.com) for information regarding the above securities.Company details of the IssuerThe Issuer  ™E Pharma N.V.  is a Dutch public limited liability company (naamloze vennootschap)  incorporated under the laws of the Netherlands on January 16  2015  having its statutory seat (statutaire zetel) in Amsterdam  the Netherlands and is registered with the trade registry of the Dutch Chamber of Commerce under number 62425781. The office address of the issuer is Max-Dohrn-Strasse 8-10  10589 Berlin  Federal Republic of Germany. The website of the issuer is www.tmepharma.com. Notwithstanding its Dutch statutory seat  the Issuer is not making any form of offering to the public in the Netherlands.Contact email of the Issuer:investors@tmepharma.comManagement of the IssuerThe Issuer is managed by:A.A. Mangasarian (statutory director and CEO);J.U. Jungnelius (Chief Medical Officer);H. Balzer (SVP Finance);D. Eulberg (SVP Project Management & Preclinical Development);K.C. Ophoff (VP HR & Legal  General Counsel); andE. Staniuk (Senior Director Investor Relations & Business Development).The supervisory board of the Issuer consist of:M. PetitBon (Chairman);C.A. Izeboud; andS.M.N. Coles.Principal activitiesThese are the principal activities of the Issuer:™E Pharma is a clinical-stage biopharmaceutical group (the Group) that has generated a proprietary product pipeline targeting the tumor microenvironment and focuses on the significant improvement in the effectiveness of cancer therapies. Its product candidates “ NOX-A12 and NOX-E36 “ are based on a new class of drug first developed by ™E Pharma called Spiegelmers  which the Group believes offer specific advantages over other drug classes. In various Phase 1 and 2 clinical trials conducted by ™E Pharma involving over 3 500 administrations to over 400 human subjects  Spiegelmer ® drugs have so far shown to be biologically active and generally well tolerated and with safety profiles that support further development. Currently  the Group has retained all worldwide rights to its clinical-stage product candidates  although it has entered and may continue to enter into licensing agreements  collaborations and partnering discussions on its assets.The Group's pipeline consists of one lead clinical stage product candidate and an additional product candidate that the Group intends to advance through potential partnerships or spinout: NOX-A12 (olaptesed pegol): The Group's lead product candidate NOX-A12 targets a key chemokine in the tumor microenvironment (™E)  CXCL12  also known as stromal cell-derived factor-1 (SDF-1)  that is naturally involved in the migration of blood cells and in cancer acts as a communication bridge between tumor cells and their environment. NOX-A12 is in a Phase 1/2 clinical trial called GLORIA testing its activity as a combination therapy for the brain cancer  glioblastoma  where its impact on the tumor microenvironment is intended to significantly enhance the effectiveness of anti-cancer treatments without adding significant side effects for patients. ™E Pharma also has clinical development plans for NOX-A12 in pancreatic cancer where it has delivered promising results. NOX-E36 (emapticap pegol): The Group's additional potential product candidate  which targets the chemokine CCL2 and related chemokines. NOX-E36 has completed exploratory clinical studies  establishing its activity on the biological targets and its safety profile. Following data suggesting potential for efficacy in eye diseases where fibrosis is implicated in pre-clinical models  ™E Pharma is considering various options to monetize this asset and thereby finance further clinical development. Except for some preclinical  clinical and investigational medicinal product activities  the Group conducts all of its business activities in Germany.Please refer to the Documentation page on ™E Pharma's website for the most recent annual reports  half-year reports  and other documentation and/or information that may be relevant for shareholders and/or investors.This press release does not constitute a prospectus within the meaning of Regulation (EU)2017/1129 of the European Parliament and of the Council of June 14  2017  as amended  nor an offer to the public.DisclaimerThe release  publication or distribution of this announcement in certain jurisdictions may be restricted by law and therefore persons in such jurisdictions into which they are released  published or distributed  should inform themselves about  and observe  such restrictions.This announcement contains information relating to an offering by ™E Pharma N.V. that is exempted under and subject to the applicable publication requirement listed in the French Code monÃ©taire et financier and the General Regulation of the AutoritÃ© des marchÃ©s financiers (AMF) and falling within one or more of the exemptions from any requirement for the company to publish a prospectus pursuant to the prospectus regulation within the meaning of the Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 14 June 2017  as amended.Except in France through the French PrimaryBid platform for retail investors  this announcement does not constitute or form a part of any offer or solicitation to purchase or subscribe for securities without being exclusive in the Netherlands or any other EU/EEA Member State  the United Kingdom  United States  Australia  Canada  or Japan or in any jurisdiction in which such offers or sales are unlawful. Any securities have not been and will not be registered under the U.S. Securities Act of 1933  as amended (the Securities Act)  or under any applicable securities laws of any state  province  territory  county or jurisdiction of the Netherlands  the United Kingdom  United States  Australia  Canada  or Japan.About ™E Pharma™E Pharma is a clinical-stage company focused on developing novel therapies for treatment of the most aggressive cancers. The company's oncology-focused pipeline is designed to act on the tumor microenvironment (™E) and the cancer immunity cycle by breaking tumor protection barriers against the immune system and blocking tumor repair. By neutralizing chemokines in the ™E  ™E Pharma's approach works in combination with other forms of treatment to weaken tumor defenses and enable greater therapeutic impact. In the GLORIA Phase 1/2 clinical trial  ™E Pharma is studying its lead drug candidate NOX-A12 in newly diagnosed brain cancer patients who will not benefit clinically from standard chemotherapy. ™E Pharma has delivered top-line data from the NOX-A12 three dose-escalation cohorts combined with radiotherapy of the GLORIA clinical trial  observing consistent tumor reductions and objective tumor responses. Additionally  GLORIA expansion arms evaluate safety and efficacy of NOX-A12 in other combinations where the interim results from the triple combination of NOX-A12  radiotherapy and bevacizumab suggest even deeper and more durable responses  and improved survival. US FDA has approved the design of a randomized Phase 2 trial in glioblastoma and ™E Pharma was awarded fast track designation by the FDA for NOX-A12 in combination with radiotherapy and bevacizumab for use in the treatment of the aggressive adult brain cancer  glioblastoma. NOX-A12 in combination with radiotherapy had also previously received orphan drug designation (ODD) for glioblastoma in the United States and glioma in Europe. ™E Pharma has delivered final top-line data with encouraging overall survival and safety profile from its NOX-A12 combination trial with Keytruda ® in metastatic colorectal and pancreatic cancer patients  which was published in the Journal for ImmunoTherapy of Cancer in October 2021. The company has entered in its second collaboration with MSD/Merck for its Phase 2 study  OPTIMUS  to further evaluate safety and efficacy of NOX-A12 in combination with Merck's Keytruda ® and two different chemotherapy regimens as second-line therapy in patients with metastatic pancreatic cancer. The design of the trial has been approved in France  Spain and the United States. The company's second clinical-stage drug candidate  NOX-E36  is designed to target the innate immune system. ™E Pharma is considering several solid tumors for further clinical development. Further information can be found at: www.tmepharma.com.™E Pharma ® and the ™E Pharma logo are registered trademarks.Keytruda ® is a registered trademark of Merck Sharp (OTC: ) & Dohme Corp.Visit ™E Pharma on LinkedIn and Twitter.About the GLORIA StudyGLORIA (NCT04121455) is ™E Pharma's dose-escalation  Phase 1/2 study of NOX-A12 in combination with radiotherapy in first-line partially resected or unresected glioblastoma (brain cancer) patients with unmethylated MGMT promoter (resistant to standard chemotherapy). GLORIA further evaluates safety and efficacy of NOX-A12 three additional arms combining NOX-A12 with: A. radiotherapy in patients with complete tumor resection; B. radiotherapy and bevacizumab; and C. radiotherapy and pembrolizumab.About the OPTIMUS StudyOPTIMUS (NCT04901741) is ™E Pharma's planned open-label two-arm Phase 2 study of NOX-A12 combined with pembrolizumab and nanoliposomal irinotecan/5-FU/leucovorin or gemcitabine/nab-paclitaxel in microsatellite-stable metastatic pancreatic cancer patients.DisclaimerTranslations of any press release into languages other than English are intended solely as a convenience to the non-English-reading audience. The company has attempted to provide an accurate translation of the original text in English  but due to the nuances in translating into another language  slight differences may exist. This press release includes certain disclosures that contain ""forward-looking statements. Forward-looking statements are based on ™E Pharma's current expectations and are subject to inherent uncertainties  risks and assumptions that are difficult to predict. Factors that could cause actual results to differ include  but are not limited to  the risks inherent in oncology drug development  including clinical trials and the timing of and ™E Pharma's ability to obtain regulatory approvals for NOX-A12 as well as any other drug candidates. Forward-looking statements contained in this announcement are made as of this date  and ™E Pharma undertakes no duty to update such information except as required under applicable law._ _ _ _ _ ____1 As reported in the ™E Pharma annual financial results published in the press release on April 25  2024.2 As reported in the ™E Pharma press release February 2  2024.View source version on businesswire.com: https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20240617260878/en/For more information  please contact:™E Pharma N.V.Aram Mangasarian  Ph.D.  CEOTel. +49 (0) 30 726247 0investors@tmepharma.comInvestor and Media Relations:LifeSci AdvisorsGuillaume van RenterghemTel. +41 (0) 76 735 01 31gvanrenterghem@lifesciadvisors.comNewCapArthur RouillÃ©Tel. +33 (0) 1 44 71 00 15arouille@newcap.frSource: ™E Pharma",neutral,0.05,0.94,0.01,neutral,0.07,0.88,0.05,True,English,"['Financing Guarantee Agreement', 'Minimum 2.2 Million Euros', '™E Pharma', 'Capital Increase', 'Launch', 'Investing', 'com', 'AutoritÃ© des marchÃ©s financiers', 'upcoming Phase 2 NOX-A12 brain cancer trial', 'other EU/EEA Member State', 'French Code monÃ©taire', '™E Pharma N.V.', 'anti-VEGF antibody combination drug', 'Phase 2 trial design', 'anti-VEGF antibody bevacizumab', 'aggressive brain cancer', 'separate guarantee agreement', 'Fast Track designation', 'Nature Communications article', 'outstanding Warrants Z', 'dilutive grant funding', '€2.2 million gross proceeds', 'Euronext Growth Paris', 'strong clinical data', 'high-profile scientific publication', 'expert institutional investors', 'median overall survival', 'key strategic partnering', 'targeted strategic partnering', 'Key Financing details', 'French PrimaryBid platform', 'The PrimaryBid offering', 'clinical-stage biotechnology company', 'total capital increase', 'applicable publication requirement', 'Guaranteed net proceeds', 'other countries', 'drug supply', 'other jurisdiction', 'United States', 'Paris time', 'exceptional data', '10-fold increase', 'pharma partner', 'strategic alliance', 'capital structure', 'capital injection', 'Capital increases', 'AL™E', 'professional investors', 'retail investors', 'new shares', 'early closure', 'cash runway', 'BUSINESS WIRE', 'Regulatory News', 'United Kingdom', 'novel therapies', 'tumor microenvironment', 'chemotherapy-resistant patients', 'reference cohort', 'regulatory pathway', 'convertible debt', 'Aram Mangasarian', 'financial visibility', 'NOX-E36 asset', 'additional transactions', 'significant transformation', 'reserved offering', 'public offering', 'financing milestones', 'General Regulation', 'closing price', 'FDA approval', 'prospectus regulation', 'Launch', 'France', 'June', 'start', 'trading', 'discount', 'July', 'December', 'Q4', 'BERLIN', 'information', 'residents', 'Netherlands', 'Australia', 'Canada', 'Japan', 'release', 'distribution', 'announcement', 'jurisdictions', 'law', 'persons', 'restrictions', 'exemptions', 'AMF', 'treatment', 'issuance', 'minimum', 'operation', 'place', 'glioblastoma', 'radiotherapy', '21 months', 'standard', 'care', 'doubling', '10.5 months', 'promises', 'access', 'funds', 'CEO', 'possibility', 'end', 'achievement', 'monetization', 'spinout', 'investment', 'summary', 'goal', 'remainder', 'timetable', 'America', 'meaning', '10.00', '2024']",2024-06-17,2024-06-18,investing.com
42919,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/TME-PHARMA-N-V-31472058/news/TME-Pharma-N-announces-a-financing-guarantee-agreement-and-the-launch-of-capital-increase-of-minim-46987284/,TME Pharma N : announces a financing guarantee agreement and the launch of capital increase of minimum 2.2 million euros,(marketscreener.com)    This information is only intended for residents of France and not intended for residents of other countries including the Netherlands and other EU/EEA Member States  the United Kingdom  United States  Australia  Canada or Japan. The…,"This information is only intended for residents of France and not intended for residents of other countries including the Netherlands and other EU/EEA Member States  the United Kingdom  United States  Australia  Canada or Japan. The release  publication or distribution of this announcement in certain jurisdictions may be restricted by law and therefore persons in such jurisdictions into which they are released  published or distributed  should inform themselves about  and observe  such restrictions. This capital increase falls within one or more of the exemptions from any requirement for the company to publish a prospectus (approved by the AMF). TME PHARMA ANNOUNCES A FINANCING GUARANTEE AGREEMENT AND THE LAUNCH OF CAPITAL INCREASE OF MINIMUM 2.2 MILLION EUROS Launch of an offering of new shares comprising a reserved offering for professional investors and a public offering for retail investors in France only through the French PrimaryBid platform.The PrimaryBid offering will close on June 17  2024  at 10.00 p.m. Paris time and the offering reserved for professional investors will close on June 18  2024  before start of trading (subject to early closure).The price of €0.1798 per new share  representing a discount of 10% to the closing price on June 17  2024.A separate guarantee agreement has been signed by professional investors to ensure a total of €2.2 million gross proceeds will be received by the company.Guaranteed net proceeds will extend cash runway from July 2024 into December 2024  past targeted strategic partnering and financing milestones in Q4-2024. Berlin  Germany  June 17  2024  05.45 p.m. CEST -TME Pharma N.V. (Euronext Growth Paris: ALTME) a clinical-stage biotechnology company focused on developing novel therapies for treatment of cancer by targeting the tumor microenvironment (TME)  announced the launch of a capital increase through issuance of new shares for a minimum of €2.2 million gross proceeds. Guaranteed net proceeds will allow the company to reach key strategic partnering and financing milestones in 2024. The operation is open to professional investors and is also open to the retail investors in France via the PrimaryBid platform for up to €390 000  representing up to 15% of the total capital increase. A separate guarantee agreement has been put in place to ensure the company will have received €2.2 million gross by June 28  2024. Guaranteed net proceeds will extend cash runway from July 20241into December 2024  past targeted strategic partnering and financing milestones in Q4-2024. ""NOX-A12 has delivered exceptional data in chemotherapy-resistant patients with the aggressive brain cancer  glioblastoma  in combination with radiotherapy and the anti-VEGF antibody bevacizumab: a 10-fold increase in the rate of survival at 21 months when compared to a reference cohort receiving 1As reported in the TME Pharmaannual financial results published in the press release on April 25  2024.standard of care (50% vs 5%) and a near-doubling of the median overall survival (19.9 vs. 10.5 months)2. This strong clinical data enabled TME Pharmato fulfill its promises to: 1) obtain FDA approval for the Phase 2 trial design in brain cancer  2) obtain Fast Track designation and access to the accelerated regulatory pathway from the FDA  3) raise funds to eliminate convertible debt from the capital structure of the company  and 4) generate a high-profile scientific publication around NOX-A12 such as Nature Communications article announced earliertoday ""saidAram Mangasarian  CEO of TME Pharma.The guaranteed capital injection announced today will provide TME Pharmawith financing into December 2024  with the possibility of extending our cash runway even further should the outstanding Warrants Z be exercised between July 1 and the end of 2024. This increased financial visibility will allow us to focus on achievement of our next targeted strategic partnering and financing milestones for 2024  which include: cooperation with a pharma partner on drug supply of the anti-VEGF antibody combination drug for the Phase 2  monetization of the NOX-E36 asset (e.g. via a spinout) and additional transactions sufficient to secure financing of the upcoming Phase 2 NOX-A12 brain cancer trial via a combination of non-dilutive grant funding  a strategic alliance and/or investment from expert institutional investors. In summary  our goal for this financing is to allow a significant transformation of the company's profile in the remainder of 2024."" Key Financing details and timetable Capital increases as part of a transaction comprise: a public offering in France only through the French PrimaryBid platform for up to €390 000  or up to 15% of the total capital increase for retail investors (and not in any other jurisdiction including without being exclusive the Netherlands or any other EU/EEA Member State  the United Kingdom  the United States of America  Australia  Canada or Japan) under the exemption and subject to the applicable publication requirement listed in the French Code monétaire et financier and the General Regulation of the Autorité des marchés financiers (AMF) and falling within one or more of the exemptions from any requirement for the company to publish a prospectus pursuant to the prospectus regulation within the meaning of Regulation (EU)2017/1129 of the European Parliament and of the Council of June 14  2017  as amended (the PrimaryBid Offering); and a reserved offering to professional investors within the European Union by way of private placement with an accelerated book-build (the Reserved Offering) with the minimum of €2.2 million excluding the PrimaryBid Offering.The price of €0.1798 per new share  representing a discount of 10% to the closing price on June 17  2024.The PrimaryBid Offering will close on June 17  2024  at 10.00 p.m. Paris time and the Reserved Offering will close on June 18  2024  before start of trading (subject to early closure).A group of guarantors are contractually committed guarantee €2.2 million in gross proceeds by June 28  2024  by purchasing new shares at the same price of €0.1798 per share  in exchange for a 10% fee on the guaranteed amount. This ensures that even if today's capital increase does not reach its targeted amount  net proceeds from the guarantors will extend cash runway into December 2024  past targeted strategic partnering and financing milestones in Q4-2024. 2As reported in the TME Pharmapress release February 2  2024.The company will announce the results of the transaction as soon as possible following the closing of the order book for the Reserved Offering in a press release  which will present the final number of new ordinary shares issued.Settlement of the new shares and their admission to trading on Euronext Growth Paris multilateral trading facility are expected to occur on June 20  2024. The new shares will be of the same class and fungible with the existing shares  will carry all rights attached to the shares  and will be admitted to trading under the same ISIN code NL0015000YE1. Use of Proceeds Approximately 30% of net proceeds from the capital increase will be used on research and development (R&D) activities including ongoing NOX-A12 GLORIA Phase 1/2 trial in brain cancer  regulatory interactions in Europe for the next brain cancer trial and intellectual property activities. Another approximately 30% of net proceeds will be used for outreach to potential industry partners and investors  the pursuit of government or charitable grants and preparation for the targeted monetization of the NOX-E36 program. The remaining 40% of net proceeds will be used for general corporate purposes including accounting  auditing  legal advice and maintenance of the listing. Guarantee Gross proceeds of €2.2 million is guaranteed by a group of investors  whose individual commitment is not representing a concerted action towards the potential control of the company. None of them individually would cross threshold of 50% ownership even if the guarantee was required in full. Shareholder and Corporate Authorizations The issuance of shares in this transaction relies upon the authorizations granted to the Issuer by its shareholders in the annual general meeting (AGM) on June 29  2023  under agenda items 5 and 6. Issuer has completed and obtained all necessary corporate approvals for the transaction. In particular  at the AGM held on June 29  2023  the company's shareholders approved the transitional provision which came into effect in February 2024  as a result the authorized capital amounts to €900 000 divided into 80 000 000 ordinary shares and 10 000 000 preference shares  each share with a nominal value of €0.01. Dilutive Potential Shareholders residing in France have the option to participate via the PrimaryBid platform to reduce dilution from this transaction if they are able to purchase sufficient number of shares. If they do not participate in the PrimaryBid Offering they will be diluted as outlined in the table below.Table: Dilutive Potential from Transaction Shares to be issued Total shares Shareholder Description Dilution (max) starting with 1% (max) outstanding would then hold Prior to announcement of - 28 453 373 - 1% capital increase Up to €2 590 000 capital increase at 14 404 894 42 858 267 33.61% 0.66% €0.1798 per share Financial Intermediaries ALLinvest is the global coordinator - lead manager and bookrunner for the Reserved Offering. For the PrimaryBid Offering  retail investors will be able to subscribe exclusively through the PrimaryBid partners indicated on the PrimaryBid website (www.PrimaryBid.fr). The PrimaryBid Offering is not covered by an underwriting agreement. For further details  please refer to the PrimaryBid website at www.PrimaryBid.fr. Risk Factors The main risk factors relating to the transaction are as follows: the market price of the company's shares may fluctuate and fall below the subscription price of the new shares  resulting in a loss for investors;the volatility and liquidity of the company's shares may fluctuate significantly;existing shareholders will see their stake in the company's share capital diluted;the placement is not subject to a performance guarantee and investors who have acquired shares could sustain a loss equal to the price of acquiring these shares if the company is not able to continue its operations due to strategic  operational or financial factors;the company expects to incur losses for the foreseeable future and will need substantial additional funding from industrial partners  financial investors  and/or governmental or charitable institutions in order to complete the development and commercialization of its product candidates  which may not be available on acceptable terms when needed  if at all. Before deciding to invest  investors are asked to familiarise themselves with the risks described in the company's 2023 annual financial reportavailable on the company website. Potential Conflict of Interest Part of the variable remuneration of management relates to corporate goals for advancing the development pipeline of TME Pharmaas well as securing the respective funding. Management also holds shares  warrants and options in the company.Additional Information Other securities The Issuer is also issuer of the following securities: TME Pharma'sWarrants Z  (ISIN NL0015001SR3) Please refer to TME PharmaRights Issue (tmepharma.com)for information regarding the above securities. Company details of the Issuer The Issuer  TME Pharma N.V.  is a Dutch public limited liability company (naamloze vennootschap)  incorporated under the laws of the Netherlands on January 16  2015  having its statutory seat (statutaire zetel) in Amsterdam  the Netherlands and is registered with the trade registry of the Dutch Chamber of Commerce under number 62425781. The office address of the issuer is Max-Dohrn-Strasse8-10  10589 Berlin  Federal Republic of Germany. The website of the issuer is www.tmepharma.com. Notwithstanding its Dutch statutory seat  the Issuer is not making any form of offering to the public in the Netherlands. Contact email of the Issuer: investors@tmepharma.com Management of the Issuer The Issuer is managed by: A.A. Mangasarian (statutory director and CEO);J.U. Jungnelius (Chief Medical Officer);H. Balzer (SVP Finance);D. Eulberg (SVP Project Management & Preclinical Development);K.C. Ophoff (VP HR & Legal  General Counsel); andE. Staniuk (Senior Director Investor Relations & Business Development). The supervisory board of the Issuer consist of:M. PetitBon (Chairman);C.A. Izeboud; andS.M.N. Coles. Principal activities These are the principal activities of the Issuer: TME Pharma is a clinical-stage biopharmaceutical group (the Group) that has generated a proprietary product pipeline targeting the tumor microenvironment and focuses on the significant improvement in the effectiveness of cancer therapies. Its product candidates - NOX-A12 and NOX-E36 - are based on a new class of drug first developed by TME Pharma called ""Spiegelmers""  which the Group believes offer specific advantages over other drug classes. In various Phase 1 and 2 clinical trials conducted by TME Pharma involving over 3 500 administrations to over 400 human subjects  Spiegelmer® drugs have so far shown to be biologically active and generally well tolerated and with safety profiles that support further development. Currently  the Group has retained all worldwide rights to its clinical-stage product candidates  although it has entered and may continue to enter into licensing agreements  collaborations and partnering discussions on its assets.The Group's pipeline consists of one lead clinical stage product candidate and an additional product candidate that the Group intends to advance through potential partnerships or spinout: NOX-A12 (olaptesed pegol): The Group's lead product candidate NOX-A12 targets a key chemokine in the tumor microenvironment (TME)  CXCL12  also known as stromal cell-derivedfactor-1(SDF-1)  that is naturally involved in the migration of blood cells and in cancer acts as a communication bridge between tumor cells and their environment. NOX-A12 is in a Phase 1/2 clinical trial called GLORIA testing its activity as a combination therapy for the brain cancer  glioblastoma  where its impact on the tumor microenvironment is intended to significantly enhance the effectiveness of anti-cancer treatments without adding significant side effects for patients. TME Pharma also has clinical development plans for NOX-A12 in pancreatic cancer where it has delivered promising results. NOX-E36 (emapticap pegol): The Group's additional potential product candidate  which targets the chemokine CCL2 and related chemokines. NOX-E36 has completed exploratory clinical studies  establishing its activity on the biological targets and its safety profile. Following data suggesting potential for efficacy in eye diseases where fibrosis is implicated in pre-clinical models  TME Pharma is considering various options to monetize this asset and thereby finance further clinical development. Except for some preclinical  clinical and investigational medicinal product activities  the Group conducts all of its business activities in Germany. Please refer to the Documentationpage on TME Pharma'swebsite for the most recent annual reports  half-year reports  and other documentation and/or information that may be relevant for shareholders and/or investors. This press release does not constitute a prospectus within the meaning of Regulation (EU)2017/1129 of the European Parliament and of the Council of June 14  2017  as amended  nor an offer to the public. Disclaimer The release  publication or distribution of this announcement in certain jurisdictions may be restricted by law and therefore persons in such jurisdictions into which they are released  published or distributed  should inform themselves about  and observe  such restrictions. This announcement contains information relating to an offering by TME Pharma N.V.that is exempted under and subject to the applicable publication requirement listed in the French Code monétaire et financierand the General Regulation of the Autorité des marchés financiers(AMF) and falling within one or more of the exemptions from any requirement for the company to publish a prospectus pursuant to the prospectus regulation within the meaning of the Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 14 June 2017  as amended. Except in France through the French PrimaryBid platform for retail investors  this announcement does not constitute or form a part of any offer or solicitation to purchase or subscribe for securities without being exclusive in the Netherlands or any other EU/EEA Member State  the United Kingdom  United States  Australia  Canada  or Japan or in any jurisdiction in which such offers or sales are unlawful. Anysecurities have not been and will not be registered under the U.S. Securities Act of 1933  as amended (the ""Securities Act"")  or under any applicable securities laws of any state  province  territory  county or jurisdiction of the Netherlands  the United Kingdom  United States  Australia  Canada  or Japan. For more information  please contact: TME Pharma N.V. Aram Mangasarian  Ph.D.  CEO Tel. +49 (0) 30 726247 0 investors@tmepharma.com Investor and Media Relations: LifeSci Advisors Guillaume van Renterghem Tel. +41 (0) 76 735 01 31 gvanrenterghem@lifesciadvisors.com NewCap Arthur Rouillé Tel. +33 (0) 1 44 71 00 15 arouille@newcap.fr About TME Pharma TME Pharmais a clinical-stage company focused on developing novel therapies for treatment of the most aggressive cancers. The company'soncology-focusedpipeline is designed to act on the tumor microenvironment (TME) and the cancer immunity cycle by breaking tumor protection barriers against the immune system and blocking tumor repair. By neutralizing chemokines in the TME TME Pharma'sapproach works in combination with other forms of treatment to weaken tumor defenses and enable greater therapeutic impact. In the GLORIA Phase 1/2 clinical trial TME Pharmais studying its lead drug candidateNOX-A12in newly diagnosed brain cancer patients who will not benefit clinically from standard chemotherapy.TME Pharmahas deliveredtop-linedata from theNOX-A12three dose- escalation cohorts combined with radiotherapy of the GLORIA clinical trial  observing consistent tumor reductions and objective tumor responses. Additionally  GLORIA expansion arms evaluate safety and efficacy ofNOX-A12in other combinations where the interim results from the triple combination ofNOX-A12 radiotherapy and bevacizumab suggest even deeper and more durable responses  and improved survival.US FDA has approved the design of a randomized Phase 2 trial in glioblastoma andTME Pharmawas awarded fast track designation by the FDA forNOX-A12in combination with radiotherapy and bevacizumab for use in the treatment of the aggressive adult brain cancer  glioblastoma. NOX-A12 in combination with radiotherapy had also previously received orphan drug designation (ODD) for glioblastoma in the United States and glioma in Europe. TME Pharmahas delivered finaltop-linedata withencouraging overall survival and safety profile from itsNOX-A12combination trial with Keytruda® in metastatic colorectal and pancreatic cancer patients  which was published in the Journal for ImmunoTherapy of Cancer in October 2021. The company has entered in its second collaboration with MSD/Merck for its Phase 2 study  OPTIMUS  to further evaluate safety",neutral,0.06,0.93,0.01,neutral,0.05,0.9,0.05,True,English,"['TME Pharma N', 'financing guarantee agreement', 'minimum 2.2 million euros', 'capital increase', 'launch', 'upcoming Phase 2 NOX-A12 brain cancer trial', 'French Code monétaire', 'other EU/EEA Member State', 'TME Pharmaannual financial results', 'TME Pharma N.V.', 'anti-VEGF antibody combination drug', 'Phase 2 trial design', 'anti-VEGF antibody bevacizumab', 'aggressive brain cancer', 'separate guarantee agreement', 'Fast Track designation', 'Nature Communications article', 'outstanding Warrants Z', 'dilutive grant funding', '€2.2 million gross proceeds', 'French PrimaryBid platform', 'Euronext Growth Paris', 'strong clinical data', 'Guaranteed net proceeds', 'timetable Capital increases', 'high-profile scientific publication', 'TME PHARMA ANNOUNCES', 'expert institutional investors', 'MINIMUM 2.2 MILLION EUROS', 'median overall survival', 'key strategic partnering', 'targeted strategic partnering', 'FINANCING GUARANTEE AGREEMENT', 'Key Financing details', 'The PrimaryBid offering', 'applicable publication requirement', 'clinical-stage biotechnology company', 'total capital increase', 'other countries', 'financial visibility', 'drug supply', 'other jurisdiction', 'pharma partner', 'United States', 'TME Pharmato', 'TME Pharmawith', 'Paris time', 'exceptional data', 'strategic alliance', 'capital structure', 'capital injection', '10-fold increase', 'professional investors', 'retail investors', 'United Kingdom', 'new shares', 'early closure', 'cash runway', 'novel therapies', 'tumor microenvironment', 'chemotherapy-resistant patients', 'reference cohort', 'regulatory pathway', 'convertible debt', 'saidAram Mangasarian', 'NOX-E36 asset', 'additional transactions', 'significant transformation', 'General Regulation', 'financing milestones', 'reserved offering', 'public offering', 'closing price', 'press release', 'FDA approval', 'information', 'residents', 'France', 'Netherlands', 'Australia', 'Canada', 'Japan', 'distribution', 'announcement', 'jurisdictions', 'law', 'persons', 'restrictions', 'exemptions', 'prospectus', 'AMF', 'LAUNCH', 'June', 'start', 'trading', 'discount', 'July', 'December', 'Q4', 'Berlin', 'Germany', 'CEST', 'ALTME', 'treatment', 'issuance', 'operation', 'place', 'glioblastoma', 'radiotherapy', '21 months', '1As', 'April', 'standard', 'care', 'doubling', '10.5 months', 'promises', 'access', 'funds', 'CEO', 'possibility', 'end', 'achievement', 'monetization', 'spinout', 'investment', 'summary', 'goal', 'remainder', 'America', 'financier', 'Auto', '10.00', '05.45', '2024']",2024-06-17,2024-06-18,marketscreener.com
42920,EuroNext,Bing API,https://www.express.co.uk/news/politics/1912714/brexit-uk-economy-london-stock-exchange,Remoaners torn apart as Brexit UK triumphs after London stock market soars above EU rival,Brexit deniers are being forced to eat humble pie  after new financial data shows London's stock exchange out performing its rival in Paris  the Euronext. The total value of companies listed on the LSE hit $3.,"The LSE overtook the Paris Euronext to return to top spotBrexit deniers are being forced to eat humble pie  after new financial data shows London's stock exchange out performing its rival in Paris  the Euronext. The total value of companies listed on the LSE hit $3.18trillion on Monday  while those listed on the Paris Euronext came in at $3.13trillion. Separate data from the London Stock Exchange Group (LSEG) also suggested the market value of UK-listed companies was bigger. The London Stock Exchange is benefiting from the political turmoil unleashed by President Macron's surprise decision to call a snap election  following his party's humbling in the EU elections.READ MORE British holidaymakers reminded of 'important' passport rule to avoid huge finesMarco Longhi said the new data has proven Brexit doom-mongers completely wrong.Around £225billion were wiped off shares in just a week in the wake of Macron's political gamble. The euro also plummeted against sterling  which hit a high of €1.19 last Friday. Tory candidate Marco Longhi said the new data has proven Brexit doom-mongers completely wrong. He told GB News: ""The narrative that Brexit would cripple the UK's financial markets has been turned on its head. ""The LSE's performance was indeed impacted by short-term factors such as the mini-budget fallout and a weak pound.""However  the enduring strength and resilience of the UK market have ultimately prevailed. ""This recovery highlights the robustness of the UK's financial infrastructure and the effectiveness of its policies in stabilising the market."" Remainers predicted an exodus of financial service companies and jobs from London if the UK gave up its European membership. At first these predictions looked like they would be borne out  with 44 percent of the largest financial services firms and 37 percent of fintech companies in the UK saying they planned to move part of their operations to the EU following Brexit.TrendingSUBSCRIBE Invalid email We use your sign-up to provide content in ways you've consented to and to improve our understanding of you. This may include adverts from us and 3rd parties based on our understanding. You can unsubscribe at any time. Read our Privacy Policy",neutral,0.23,0.47,0.3,negative,0.06,0.28,0.66,True,English,"['London stock market', 'Brexit UK', 'EU rival', 'Remoaners', 'largest financial services firms', 'Tory candidate Marco Longhi', 'London Stock Exchange Group', 'The London Stock Exchange', 'MORE British holidaymakers', ""important' passport rule"", 'financial service companies', 'new financial data', 'financial markets', 'financial infrastructure', 'new data', 'The LSE', 'Separate data', 'top spot', 'humble pie', 'total value', 'UK-listed companies', 'political turmoil', 'surprise decision', 'snap election', 'huge fines', 'political gamble', 'GB News', 'short-term factors', 'mini-budget fallout', 'weak pound', 'enduring strength', 'European membership', 'fintech companies', 'Invalid email', '3rd parties', 'Privacy Policy', 'market value', 'President Macron', 'EU elections', 'Brexit deniers', 'Paris Euronext', 'Brexit doom-mongers', 'UK market', 'rival', 'Monday', 'LSEG', 'party', 'READ', '225billion', 'shares', 'week', 'wake', 'sterling', 'high', 'narrative', 'head', 'performance', 'resilience', 'recovery', 'robustness', 'effectiveness', 'policies', 'Remainers', 'exodus', 'jobs', 'predictions', '44 percent', '37 percent', 'operations', 'Trending', 'SUBSCRIBE', 'sign-up', 'content', 'ways', 'understanding', 'adverts', 'time']",2024-06-18,2024-06-18,express.co.uk
42921,EuroNext,Bing API,https://www.finanznachrichten.de/nachrichten-2024-06/62516592-euronext-n-v-rene-van-vlerken-to-succeed-simone-huis-in-t-veld-as-ceo-of-euronext-amsterdam-399.htm,Euronext N.V.: René van Vlerken to succeed Simone Huis in 't Veld as CEO of Euronext Amsterdam,René van Vlerken to succeed Simone Huis in 't Veld as CEO of Euronext Amsterdam Amsterdam  Brussels  Dublin  Lisbon  Milan  Oslo and Paris - 18 June 2024 - Euronext today announced that the Supervisory Board of Euronext N.V. has nominated René van ...,"René van Vlerken to succeed Simone Huis in 't Veld as CEO of Euronext AmsterdamAmsterdam  Brussels  Dublin  Lisbon  Milan  Oslo and Paris - 18 June 2024 - Euronext today announced that the Supervisory Board of Euronext N.V. has nominated René van Vlerken as CEO of Euronext Amsterdam and member of the Managing Board of Euronext N.V. as per 1 September 2024. The announcement follows Simone Huis in 't Veld's decision to resign from her position as CEO of Euronext Amsterdam and Member of the Managing Board of Euronext N.V. after five years  to pursue new projects.René van Vlerken  who is currently Head of Listing for the Netherlands  Germany and Central and Eastern Europe at Euronext  will become CEO of Euronext Amsterdam as of 1 September 2024  subject to relevant regulatory approvals. He will lead Euronext Amsterdam teams  supporting our clients and partners. Subject to shareholders' and regulatory approval he will also join the Euronext N.V. Managing Board.René van Vlerken joined Euronext Amsterdam in 2017 as Head of Business Development for Small & Mid-Caps  before becoming Head of Listing in early 2018. Since 2018 he has also been a Board Member for Euronext Amsterdam. His experience before joining Euronext spans more than two decades through different commercial roles at ABN AMRO and Rabobank  in treasury and risk advisory  cash equities  equity capital markets and equity syndicates.Stéphane Boujnah  CEO and Chairman of the Managing Board of Euronext N.V.  said: ""We are delighted to propose the appointment of René van Vlerken as the next CEO and Board Member for Amsterdam. With his extensive experience acting as both a local Board Member and as Head of Listings  he has a great understanding of market dynamics and strong relationships with local stakeholders. This makes him very well-positioned to lead the teams of Euronext Amsterdam.I would like to thank Simone Huis in 't Veld for her significant contribution to Euronext N.V.  and her dedication to and leadership at Euronext Amsterdam. We wish her all the best in her future endeavours.""CONTACTS MEDIA - mediateam@euronext.com Amsterdam Marianne Aalders +31 20 721 41 33 maalders@euronext.com ANALYSTS & INVESTORS - ir@euronext.com Investor Relations Aurélie Cohen +33 1 70 48 24 17 ir@euronext.comAbout EuronextEuronext is the leading pan-European market infrastructure  connecting European economies to global capital markets  to accelerate innovation and sustainable growth. It operates regulated exchanges in Belgium  France  Ireland  Italy  the Netherlands  Norway and Portugal. With nearly 1 900 listed issuers and around €7.1 trillion in market capitalisation as of end of March 2024  it has an unmatched blue-chip franchise and a strong diverse domestic and international client base. Euronext operates regulated and transparent equity and derivatives markets  one of Europe's leading electronic fixed income trading markets and is the largest centre for debt and funds listings in the world. Its total product offering includes Equities  FX  Exchange Traded Funds  Warrants & Certificates  Bonds  Derivatives  Commodities and Indices. The Group provides a multi-asset clearing house through Euronext Clearing  and custody and settlement services through Euronext Securities central securities depositories in Denmark  Italy  Norway and Portugal. Euronext also leverages its expertise in running markets by providing technology and managed services to third parties. In addition to its main regulated market  it also operates a number of junior markets  simplifying access to listing for SMEs. For the latest news  go to euronext.com or follow us on Twitter (twitter.com/euronext) and LinkedIn (www.linkedin.com/company/euronext)DisclaimerThis press release is for information purposes only: it is not a recommendation to engage in investment activities and is provided ""as is""  without representation or warranty of any kind. While all reasonable care has been taken to ensure the accuracy of the content  Euronext does not guarantee its accuracy or completeness. Euronext will not be held liable for any loss or damages of any nature ensuing from using  trusting or acting on information provided. No information set out or referred to in this publication may be regarded as creating any right or obligation. The creation of rights and obligations in respect of financial products that are traded on the exchanges operated by Euronext's subsidiaries shall depend solely on the applicable rules of the market operator. All proprietary rights and interest in or connected with this publication shall vest in Euronext. This press release speaks only as of this date. Euronext refers to Euronext N.V. and its affiliates. Information regarding trademarks and intellectual property rights of Euronext is available at www.euronext.com/terms-use.© 2024  Euronext N.V. - All rights reserved.The Euronext Group processes your personal data in order to provide you with information about Euronext (the ""Purpose""). With regard to the processing of this personal data  Euronext will comply with its obligations under Regulation (EU) 2016/679 of the European Parliament and Council of 27 April 2016 (General Data Protection Regulation  ""GDPR"")  and any applicable national laws  rules and regulations implementing the GDPR  as provided in its privacy statement available at: www.euronext.com/privacy-policy. In accordance with the applicable legislation you have rights with regard to the processing of your personal data: for more information on your rights  please refer to: www.euronext.com/data_subjects_rights_request_information. To make a request regarding the processing of your data or to unsubscribe from this press release service  please use our data subject request form at connect2.euronext.com/form/data-subjects-rights-request or email our Data Protection Officer at dpo@euronext.com.",neutral,0.04,0.96,0.01,mixed,0.45,0.3,0.24,True,English,"['René van Vlerken', 'Euronext N.V.', 'Euronext Amsterdam', 'Simone Huis', 'Veld', 'CEO', 'leading electronic fixed income trading markets', 'Investor Relations Aurélie Cohen', 'Euronext Securities central securities depositories', 'leading pan-European market infrastructure', 'Euronext N.V. Managing Board', 'René van Vlerken', 'different commercial roles', 'Stéphane Boujnah', 'unmatched blue-chip franchise', 'international client base', 'total product offering', 'global capital markets', 'relevant regulatory approvals', 'strong diverse domestic', 'Exchange Traded Funds', 'multi-asset clearing house', 'equity capital markets', 'intellectual property rights', 'main regulated market', 'The Euronext Group', 'local Board Member', 'Euronext Amsterdam teams', 'The Group', 'junior markets', 'market dynamics', 'market capitalisation', 'market operator', 'Supervisory Board', 'strong relationships', 'local stakeholders', 'Euronext Clearing', 'equity syndicates', 'transparent equity', 'derivatives markets', 'Simone Huis', 'five years', 'new projects', 'Business Development', 'two decades', 'ABN AMRO', 'risk advisory', 'great understanding', 'significant contribution', 'future endeavours', 'CONTACTS MEDIA', 'Marianne Aalders', 'European economies', 'sustainable growth', '1,900 listed issuers', 'largest centre', 'funds listings', 'third parties', 'latest news', 'press release', 'investment activities', 'reasonable care', 'financial products', 'applicable rules', 'personal data', 'proprietary rights', 'Eastern Europe', 'cash equities', 'extensive experience', 'regulated exchanges', 'settlement services', 'information purposes', 'next CEO', 'Veld', 'Brussels', 'Dublin', 'Lisbon', 'Milan', 'Oslo', 'Paris', '18 June', '1 September', 'announcement', 'decision', 'position', 'Head', 'Netherlands', 'Germany', 'clients', 'partners', 'Small', 'Mid-Caps', 'early', 'Rabobank', 'treasury', 'Chairman', 'appointment', 'dedication', 'leadership', 'maalders', 'ANALYSTS', 'INVESTORS', 'innovation', 'Belgium', 'France', 'Ireland', 'Italy', 'Norway', 'Portugal', 'March', 'debt', 'world', 'FX', 'Warrants', 'Certificates', 'Bonds', 'Commodities', 'Indices', 'custody', 'Denmark', 'expertise', 'technology', 'managed', 'addition', 'number', 'access', 'SMEs', 'Twitter', 'LinkedIn', 'Disclaimer', 'recommendation', 'representation', 'warranty', 'kind', 'accuracy', 'content', 'completeness', 'loss', 'damages', 'nature', 'publication', 'obligation', 'creation', 'respect', 'subsidiaries', 'interest', 'date', 'affiliates', 'trademarks', 'terms', 'order', 'regard', 'processing']",2024-06-06,2024-06-18,finanznachrichten.de
42922,EuroNext,Bing API,https://www.sharenet.co.za/v3/sens_display.php?tdate=20240618150000&seq=45,HAMMERSON PLC - TR-1: Standard form for notification of major holdings,"TR-1: Standard form for notification of major holdings Hammerson plc (Incorporated in England and Wales) (Company number 360632) LSE and Euronext Dublin share code: HMSO JSE share code: HMN ISIN: GB00BK7YQK64 (""Hammerson"" or ""the Company"") TR-1 ...","Wrap TextTR-1: Standard form for notification of major holdings Hammerson plc (Incorporated in England and Wales) (Company number 360632) LSE and Euronext Dublin share code: HMSO JSE share code: HMN ISIN: GB00BK7YQK64 (""Hammerson"" or ""the Company"") TR-1: Standard form for notification of major holdings This notification has been received by Hammerson Plc pursuant to the relevant shareholder's obligations pursuant to applicable UK law. 1. Issuer Details ISIN GB00BK7YQK64 Issuer Name HAMMERSON PLC UK or Non-UK Issuer UK 2. Reason for Notification An acquisition or disposal of voting rights 3. Details of person subject to the notification obligation Name BlackRock  Inc. City of registered office (if applicable) Wilmington Country of registered office (if applicable) USA 4. Details of the shareholder Full name of shareholder(s) if different from the person(s) subject to the notification obligation  above City of registered office (if applicable) Country of registered office (if applicable) 5. Date on which the threshold was crossed or reached 17-Jun-2024 6. Date on which Issuer notified 18-Jun-2024 7. Total positions of person(s) subject to the notification obligation % of voting % of voting rights Total of both Total number of rights attached through financial in % (8.A + voting rights held to shares (total instruments (total 8.B) in issuer of 8.A) of 8.B 1 + 8.B 2) Resulting situation on the date on which 4.990000 1.070000 6.060000 303120412 threshold was crossed or reached Position of previous 5.080000 0.990000 6.070000 notification (if applicable) 8. Notified details of the resulting situation on the date on which the threshold was crossed or reached 8A. Voting rights attached to shares Class/Type of Number of direct Number of indirect % of direct % of indirect voting shares ISIN code(if voting rights voting rights voting rights rights (DTR5.2.1) possible) (DTR5.1) (DTR5.2.1) (DTR5.1) GB00BK7YQK64 249225760 4.990000 Sub Total 8.A 249225760 4.990000% 8B1. Financial Instruments according to (DTR5.3.1R.(1) (a)) Number of voting rights that may be Type of financial Exercise/conversion % of voting Expiration date acquired if the instrument period rights instrument is exercised/converted Securities 53700221 1.070000 Lending Sub Total 8.B1 53700221 1.070000% 8B2. Financial Instruments with similar economic effect according to (DTR5.3.1R.(1) (b)) Type of Expiration Exercise/conversion Physical or cash Number of % of voting financial date period settlement voting rights rights instrument CFD Cash 194431 0.000000 Sub Total 8.B2 194431 0.000000% 9. Information in relation to the person subject to the notification obligation 2. Full chain of controlled undertakings through which the voting rights and/or the financial instruments are effectively held starting with the ultimate controlling natural person or legal entities (please add additional rows as necessary) % of voting % of voting rights Total of both if rights if it through financial it equals or is Ultimate Name of controlled equals or is instruments if it higher than the controlling person undertaking higher than the equals or is higher notifiable notifiable than the notifiable threshold threshold threshold BlackRock  BlackRock Holdco Inc. (Chain 1) 2  Inc. BlackRock BlackRock  Financial Inc. (Chain 1) Management  Inc. BlackRock BlackRock  International Inc. (Chain 1) Holdings  Inc. BR Jersey BlackRock  International Inc. (Chain 1) Holdings L.P. BlackRock BlackRock  (Singapore) Inc. (Chain 1) Holdco Pte. Ltd. BlackRock  BlackRock HK Inc. (Chain 1) Holdco Limited BlackRock  BlackRock Lux Inc. (Chain 1) Finco S.a.r.l. BlackRock  BlackRock Japan Inc. (Chain 1) Holdings GK BlackRock  BlackRock Japan Inc. (Chain 1) Co.  Ltd. BlackRock  Trident Merger  Inc. (Chain 2) LLC BlackRock BlackRock  Investment Inc. (Chain 2) Management  LLC BlackRock  BlackRock Holdco Inc. (Chain 3) 2  Inc. BlackRock  BlackRock Inc. (Chain 3) Financial Management  Inc. BlackRock BlackRock  International Inc. (Chain 3) Holdings  Inc. BR Jersey BlackRock  International Inc. (Chain 3) Holdings L.P. BlackRock  BlackRock Holdco Inc. (Chain 3) 3  LLC BlackRock  BlackRock Inc. (Chain 3) Cayman 1 LP BlackRock BlackRock  Cayman West Bay Inc. (Chain 3) Finco Limited BlackRock BlackRock  Cayman West Bay Inc. (Chain 3) IV Limited BlackRock  BlackRock Group Inc. (Chain 3) Limited BlackRock  BlackRock Finance Inc. (Chain 3) Europe Limited BlackRock BlackRock  Investment Inc. (Chain 3) Management (UK) Limited BlackRock  BlackRock Holdco Inc. (Chain 4) 2  Inc. BlackRock BlackRock  Financial Inc. (Chain 4) Management  Inc. BlackRock BlackRock  International Inc. (Chain 4) Holdings  Inc. BR Jersey BlackRock  International Inc. (Chain 4) Holdings L.P. BlackRock BlackRock  Australia Holdco Inc. (Chain 4) Pty. Ltd. BlackRock BlackRock  Investment Inc. (Chain 4) Management (Australia) Limited BlackRock  BlackRock Holdco Inc. (Chain 5) 2  Inc. BlackRock BlackRock  Financial Inc. (Chain 5) Management  Inc. BlackRock  BlackRock Holdco Inc. (Chain 5) 4  LLC BlackRock  BlackRock Holdco Inc. (Chain 5) 6  LLC BlackRock BlackRock  Delaware Holdings Inc. (Chain 5) Inc. BlackRock Institutional Trust BlackRock  Company  Inc. (Chain 5) National Association BlackRock  BlackRock Holdco Inc. (Chain 6) 2  Inc. BlackRock BlackRock  Financial Inc. (Chain 6) Management  Inc. BlackRock  BlackRock Holdco Inc. (Chain 6) 4  LLC BlackRock  BlackRock Holdco Inc. (Chain 6) 6  LLC BlackRock BlackRock  Delaware Holdings Inc. (Chain 6) Inc. BlackRock  BlackRock Fund Inc. (Chain 6) Advisors BlackRock  BlackRock Holdco Inc. (Chain 7) 2  Inc. BlackRock BlackRock  Financial Inc. (Chain 7) Management  Inc. BlackRock  BlackRock Holdco Inc. (Chain 8) 2  Inc. BlackRock BlackRock  Financial Inc. (Chain 8) Management  Inc. BlackRock BlackRock  International Inc. (Chain 8) Holdings  Inc. BlackRock  BlackRock Canada Inc. (Chain 8) Holdings ULC BlackRock Asset BlackRock  Management Inc. (Chain 8) Canada Limited BlackRock  BlackRock Holdco Inc. (Chain 9) 2  Inc. BlackRock BlackRock  Financial Inc. (Chain 9) Management  Inc. BlackRock  BlackRock Capital Inc. (Chain 9) Holdings  Inc. BlackRock  BlackRock Inc. (Chain 9) Advisors  LLC BlackRock  BlackRock Holdco Inc. (Chain 2  Inc. 10) BlackRock  BlackRock Inc. (Chain Financial 10) Management  Inc. BlackRock  BlackRock Inc. (Chain International 10) Holdings  Inc. BlackRock  BR Jersey Inc. (Chain International 10) Holdings L.P. BlackRock  BlackRock Holdco Inc. (Chain 3  LLC 10) BlackRock  BlackRock Inc. (Chain Cayman 1 LP 10) BlackRock  BlackRock Inc. (Chain Cayman West Bay 10) Finco Limited BlackRock  BlackRock Inc. (Chain Cayman West Bay 10) IV Limited BlackRock  BlackRock Group Inc. (Chain Limited 10) BlackRock  BlackRock Finance Inc. (Chain Europe Limited 10) BlackRock  BlackRock Inc. (Chain Advisors (UK) 10) Limited 10. In case of proxy voting Name of the proxy holder The number and % of voting rights held The date until which the voting rights will be held 11. Additional Information BlackRock Regulatory Threshold Reporting Team Jana Blumenstein 020 7743 3650 12. Date of Completion 18th June 2024 13. Place Of Completion 12 Throgmorton Avenue  London  EC2N 2DL  U.K. For further information contact: Kim Panisales Assistant Company Secretary Tel: +44 (0)20 7887 1000 18 June 2024 Hammerson has its primary listing on the London Stock Exchange and secondary inward listings on the Johannesburg Stock Exchange and Euronext Dublin. Sponsor: Investec Bank Limited Date: 18-06-2024 03:00:00 Produced by the JSE SENS Department. The SENS service is an information dissemination service administered by the JSE Limited ('JSE'). The JSE does not  whether expressly  tacitly or implicitly  represent  warrant or in any way guarantee the truth  accuracy or completeness of the information published on SENS. The JSE  their officers  employees and agents accept no liability for (or in respect of) any direct  indirect  incidental or consequential loss or damage of any kind or nature  howsoever arising  from the use of SENS or the use of  or reliance on  information disseminated through SENS.",neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,negative,0.2,0.35,0.45,True,English,"['HAMMERSON PLC', 'Standard form', 'major holdings', 'TR-1', 'notification', 'voting financial date period settlement voting rights rights instrument CFD Cash', 'voting rights voting rights voting rights rights', 'Finco S.a.r.l. BlackRock', 'instrument period rights instrument', 'Holdings L.P. BlackRock BlackRock', 'Euronext Dublin share code', 'HMSO JSE share code', 'Cayman West Bay Inc.', 'Cayman 1 LP BlackRock BlackRock', 'Finco Limited BlackRock BlackRock', 'ultimate controlling natural person', 'notifiable threshold threshold threshold', 'major holdings Hammerson plc', 'voting Expiration date', 'indirect voting shares', 'similar economic effect', 'ISIN GB00BK7YQK64 Issuer Name', 'BR Jersey BlackRock', 'applicable UK law', 'Holdings GK BlackRock', 'IV Limited BlackRock', 'cash Number', 'Holdco Limited BlackRock', 'BlackRock HK Inc.', 'BlackRock Lux Inc.', 'BlackRock Japan Inc.', 'BlackRock Group Inc.', 'BlackRock Finance Inc', 'Holdco Pte. Ltd', 'BlackRock Holdco Inc.', 'HAMMERSON PLC UK', 'ISIN code', 'shareholder(s', 'Ultimate Name', 'Financial Inc.', 'BlackRock Inc.', 'controlling person', 'HMN ISIN', 'Financial Instruments', 'Expiration Exercise/conversion', 'International Inc.', 'Investment Inc.', 'Full name', 'Wrap Text', 'Standard form', 'Non-UK Issuer', 'Resulting situation', 'legal entities', 'additional rows', 'Trident Merger', 'Pty. Ltd', 'Financial Management', 'LLC BlackRock', 'Chain 1) Holdings', 'registered office', 'Total positions', 'relevant shareholder', 'direct Number', 'total instruments', 'Wilmington Country', '8.A', 'controlled undertakings', 'Total number', 'notification obligation', 'Issuer Details', 'Company number', 'Full chain', '303120412 threshold', 'Chain 1) Management', '70000 notification', 'England', 'Wales', 'LSE', 'obligations', 'Reason', 'acquisition', 'disposal', 'USA', 'City', 'Jun', '8.B', '8A', 'Class/Type', 'DTR', 'Securities', 'Lending', 'Physical', 'Information', 'relation', 'equals', 'Singapore', 'Co.', 'Europe', 'Australia', 'Delawa', '1.']",2024-06-18,2024-06-18,sharenet.co.za
42923,EuroNext,Bing API,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/euronext-paris-growth-leaders-high-143411510.html,Euronext Paris Growth Leaders With High Insider Ownership And 101% Earnings Growth,Amidst a tumultuous week for European markets  where political uncertainty and economic indicators painted a mixed picture  France's CAC 40 Index notably shed 6.23%. This backdrop sets the stage for examining growth companies in France ,Amidst a tumultuous week for European markets  where political uncertainty and economic indicators painted a mixed picture  France's CAC 40 Index notably shed 6.23%. This backdrop sets the stage for examining growth companies in France  particularly those with high insider ownership which can signal strong confidence from those closest to the company's operations. In such an environment  companies demonstrating robust earnings growth and significant insider stakes might offer resilience and alignment of interests between shareholders and management  potentially navigating market volatility more effectively.Top 10 Growth Companies With High Insider Ownership In FranceName Insider Ownership Earnings Growth VusionGroup (ENXTPA:VU) 13.5% 25.2% Groupe OKwind Société anonyme (ENXTPA:ALOKW) 24.8% 30.6% La Française de l'Energie (ENXTPA:FDE) 20.1% 37.6% Adocia (ENXTPA:ADOC) 12.1% 104.5% OSE Immunotherapeutics (ENXTPA:OSE) 25.6% 79.3% Icape Holding (ENXTPA:ALICA) 30.2% 26.1% Arcure (ENXTPA:ALCUR) 21.4% 42.4% Solutions 30 (ENXTPA:S30) 16.2% 102.6% Munic (ENXTPA:ALMUN) 29.4% 150% MedinCell (ENXTPA:MEDCL) 16.4% 74.6%Click here to see the full list of 21 stocks from our Fast Growing Euronext Paris Companies With High Insider Ownership screener.Let's uncover some gems from our specialized screener.Simply Wall St Growth Rating: ★★★★☆☆Overview: Lectra SA  with a market cap of €1.04 billion  offers industrial intelligence solutions targeting the fashion  automotive  and furniture sectors across Northern Europe  Southern Europe  the Americas  and Asia Pacific.Operations: The company generates revenue across various regions  with €170.33 million from the Americas and €110.28 million from the Asia Pacific.Insider Ownership: 19.6%Earnings Growth Forecast: 28.6% p.a.Lectra  a French company with substantial insider ownership  is trading at 36.2% below its estimated fair value  making it an attractive proposition. Despite a slight dip in net income and EPS as reported in Q1 2024  the firm's revenue growth at 11.3% per year is set to outpace the French market average of 5.8%. Moreover  earnings are expected to surge by 28.6% annually over the next three years  significantly above the market forecast of 11.1%  reflecting robust growth potential despite current undervaluation concerns.ENXTPA:LSS Earnings and Revenue Growth as at Jun 2024Simply Wall St Growth Rating: ★★★★★☆Overview: MedinCell S.A. is a French pharmaceutical company that specializes in developing long-acting injectable medications across multiple therapeutic areas  with a market capitalization of approximately €378.37 million.Story continuesOperations: The company generates revenue primarily from its pharmaceutical segment  totaling €11.95 million.Insider Ownership: 16.4%Earnings Growth Forecast: 74.6% p.a.MedinCell  a French growth company with high insider ownership  reported a decrease in revenue and net loss for the full year ended March 31  2024. Despite recent challenges including a Phase 3 trial setback for its F14 drug  MedinCell remains innovative with its BEPO® technology and successful Phase 3 results for TEV-‘749 in schizophrenia. The company's revenue is expected to grow by 42.9% annually  outpacing the French market average of 5.8%. However  financial instability is indicated by less than one year of cash runway and shareholder dilution over the past year.ENXTPA:MEDCL Ownership Breakdown as at Jun 2024Simply Wall St Growth Rating: ★★★★☆☆Overview: OVH Groupe S.A. is a global provider of public and private cloud services  shared hosting  and dedicated server solutions  with a market capitalization of approximately €0.91 billion.Operations: The company generates revenue from three main segments: Public Cloud (€140.71 million)  Private Cloud (€514.59 million)  and Web Cloud (€179.45 million).Insider Ownership: 10.5%Earnings Growth Forecast: 101.5% p.a.OVH Groupe  a French growth company with significant insider ownership  is on track for notable advancements. Despite a challenging financial period with a net loss reported in the first half of 2024  revenues have increased to €486.09 million from €439.34 million year-over-year. The company's revenue growth forecast at 10.9% annually is set to outperform the French market average of 5.8%. Leadership enhancements  including new executive appointments focused on innovation and international expansion  signal strong strategic direction despite current profitability challenges and high share price volatility.ENXTPA:OVH Ownership Breakdown as at Jun 2024Taking AdvantageDive into all 21 of the Fast Growing Euronext Paris Companies With High Insider Ownership we have identified here.Have you diversified into these companies? Leverage the power of Simply Wall St's portfolio to keep a close eye on market movements affecting your investments.Join a community of smart investors by using Simply Wall St. It's free and delivers expert-level analysis on worldwide markets.Curious About Other Options?This article by Simply Wall St is general in nature. We provide commentary based on historical data and analyst forecasts only using an unbiased methodology and our articles are not intended to be financial advice. It does not constitute a recommendation to buy or sell any stock  and does not take account of your objectives  or your financial situation. We aim to bring you long-term focused analysis driven by fundamental data. Note that our analysis may not factor in the latest price-sensitive company announcements or qualitative material. Simply Wall St has no position in any stocks mentioned.The analysis only considers stock directly held by insiders. It does not include indirectly owned stock through other vehicles such as corporate and/or trust entities. All forecast revenue and earnings growth rates quoted are in terms of annualised (per annum) growth rates over 1-3 years.Companies discussed in this article include ENXTPA:LSSENXTPA:MEDCLENXTPA:OVH andHave feedback on this article? Concerned about the content? Get in touch with us directly. Alternatively  email editorial-team@simplywallst.com,neutral,0.12,0.87,0.01,mixed,0.16,0.23,0.61,True,English,"['Euronext Paris Growth Leaders', 'High Insider Ownership', '101% Earnings Growth', 'Name Insider Ownership Earnings Growth VusionGroup', 'Groupe OKwind Société anonyme', 'Fast Growing Euronext Paris Companies', 'Simply Wall St Growth Rating', 'La Française de', 'high share price volatility', 'OVH Groupe S.A.', 'High Insider Ownership screener', 'Simply Wall St.', 'ENXTPA:MEDCL Ownership Breakdown', 'OVH Ownership Breakdown', 'robust earnings growth', 'robust growth potential', 'substantial insider ownership', 'significant insider ownership', 'Top 10 Growth Companies', 'Earnings Growth Forecast', 'significant insider stakes', 'next three years', 'current undervaluation concerns', 'acting injectable medications', 'multiple therapeutic areas', 'Phase 3 trial setback', 'successful Phase 3 results', 'three main segments', 'new executive appointments', 'MedinCell S.A.', 'challenging financial period', 'strong strategic direction', 'current profitability challenges', 'industrial intelligence solutions', 'dedicated server solutions', 'private cloud services', 'French market average', 'revenue growth forecast', 'French growth company', 'French pharmaceutical company', 'market volatility', 'specialized screener', 'LSS Earnings', 'market forecast', 'strong confidence', 'pharmaceutical segment', 'recent challenges', 'financial instability', 'French company', 'Web Cloud', 'market cap', 'market movements', 'tumultuous week', 'European markets', 'political uncertainty', 'economic indicators', 'mixed picture', 'CAC 40 Index', 'Icape Holding', 'full list', 'furniture sectors', 'Northern Europe', 'Southern Europe', 'Asia Pacific', 'various regions', 'fair value', 'slight dip', 'net income', 'net loss', 'F14 drug', 'BEPO® technology', 'cash runway', 'shareholder dilution', 'global provider', 'notable advancements', 'first half', 'Leadership enhancements', 'international expansion', 'close eye', 'smart investors', 'expert-level analysis', 'worldwide markets', 'Other Options', 'Public Cloud', 'full year', 'one year', 'past year', 'OSE Immunotherapeutics', 'Lectra SA', 'France', 'backdrop', 'stage', 'operations', 'environment', 'resilience', 'alignment', 'interests', 'shareholders', 'management', 'ALOKW', 'Energie', 'FDE', 'Adocia', 'ALICA', 'Arcure', 'ALCUR', 'Munic', 'ALMUN', '21 stocks', 'gems', 'Overview', 'automotive', 'Americas', 'proposition', 'EPS', 'Q1', 'firm', 'Jun', 'Story', 'decrease', 'schizophrenia', 'less', 'hosting', 'track', 'revenues', 'innovation', 'Advantage', 'power', 'portfolio', 'investments', 'community', 'article', 'nature', 'commentary']",2024-06-18,2024-06-18,finance.yahoo.com
42924,EuroNext,Bing API,https://fortune.com/2024/06/18/bic-ceo-innovation-pens-shaving-sticks-lighter-snoop-dogg/?itm_source=parsely-api,Why Bic  the maker of ballpoint pens and shaving sticks  identifies as a tech-forward company,Bic  which trades on the Euronext stock exchange in Paris  has looked for growth by venturing into the world of temporary tattoos. Bich describes himself as a tattoo artist on his LinkedIn page and sported tattoos on his arm depicting waves when he met ...,Many traditional companies looking to create buzz like to present themselves as tech companies. Restaurant chain Sweetgreen once said it acted more like a tech company than a purveyor of food. The New York Stock Exchange has also called itself a tech company  and even Fortune Media has been known to whisper that it’s a tech company that does journalism.It’s easy to understand why non-tech companies might want to hype their tech cred  considering the market love that actual tech companies like Microsoft and Nvidia receive in droves. But what claim can a maker of good ol’ ballpoint pens  lighters  and razors make to be a tech company?Gonzalve Bich  whose grandfather Marcel Bich founded Bic in 1945  acknowledges that while it may not fit the traditional definition of a tech company  Bic embodies the spirit of innovation that is often associated with tech giants. Bic’s approach to technology may not involve developers and programmers  but it does involve a relentless pursuit of more sustainable materials for its disposable razors and innovative ways to extend the lifespan of its lighters  he says. To be fair  Bic’s portfolio does include tech products  such as the cloud-connected  smart  and reusable notebooks made by Rocketbook  a company it acquired in 2020.“We have a very rich legacy  and we honor the past  but then we talk about reinventing the future  whether it be through technical innovation or technological innovation ” says Bich  who took the reins as CEO in 2018.Bic  which trades on the Euronext stock exchange in Paris  has looked for growth by venturing into the world of temporary tattoos. Bich describes himself as a tattoo artist on his LinkedIn page and sported tattoos on his arm depicting waves when he met with Fortune). In a perhaps more modest display of innovation  the company also plans to more than double the color options in its markers. Last year  net sales rose 9% (stripping out the impact of currency fluctuations) to hit 2.26 billion euros ($2.5 billion at current rates).“When you say ‘tech company ’ if you mean a company turned toward the future  that’s a definition I would apply ” says Bich.This interview has been edited and condensed for clarity.Fortune: Bic touts itself as as a tech company. What case can the maker of pens and shaving sticks make that it’s a tech company?When you say “tech company ” you mean a company turned toward the future  contemporary with its time  and maybe even a couple of degrees ahead of it. I think that definition would apply to us. We’re honoring our rich legacy and then inventing the future. So we’ve made investments  like in Rocketbook and tattoo companies  as well as technical innovations.You sell pens in an age when people communicate by text and other digital means. Why the bullishness on writing tools?The debate around the importance of handwriting was put to rest a while back. Experts around the world have all agreed that while we can’t fight technology coming into our lives  the creativity and fine motor skills you acquire when you write early in life are critical to brain development. Also  we sell in about 160 countries  and not all of them have the technology we have. When we look at the growth we’ve had  a lot of it comes from developing markets. These are countries where people are still growing their purchasing power.You call yourself a tattoo artist  and you’ve talked up Bic’s tattoo business on earnings calls. Can this ever be more than a niche market?In the last 30 years  you’ve seen the normalization of tattoos in plain sight. We are offering temporary tattoos that last a little more than two weeks. Most people walk into a tattoo store and see a wall full of options. They go on Google. They’ll think  “I haven’t found my perfect tattoo ” and that’s where temporary tattoos have come into their own. We offer a different level of permanence. This isn’t a fad.Bic mentions sustainability in its annual reports. But help me reconcile the idea of sustainability with the production and sale of disposable razors.If you look at publicly available life-cycle analyses of what you might call system shavers—those with a replaceable head—and our high-end disposable shavers  you’ll find the biggest impact is at the end of life of the product. It’s the water consumption during the shave (reduced when a razor works well since it shortens shaving time). The environmental impact of the disposal of the handle is a lot higher than our disposable one. In terms of packaging  we went from 20% of it being recycled to 80% last year. In our women’s products  40% of the handle is recycled  and you’re going to see us go higher and higher.So  where are we in the facial hair cycle? Lots of beards out there.If you look at 150 years of grooming history  it comes up and down. We’re now in a cycle of facial hair with remote work. On the other hand  body shaving has exploded over the last 20 years.So many razor brands have emerged in the last decade like Harry’s and Dollar Shave Club. What is Bic’s differentiator?We are No. 1 or No. 2 in the disposable razor segment  depending on the market. We launch exciting new products or update them. We were the first to change the handle of female razors to something ergonomic that allows ladies to shave in six different positions.Let’s talk about lighters. Cigarette use has declined sharply in the West  but is cannabis use helping you make up for that?It’s created some positive momentum  but it’s not the stratospheric growth rate that some had predicted. We run these market studies and ask people what they use a flame for. Yes  people are smoking  but they are also lighting candles. In the U.S.  the use of lighters for candles is equal to the use for smoking. In developing markets  there are other uses  such as boiling water to make it potable or for hygiene. Four years ago  as part of a strategic pivot  we rebranded this division from “lighters” to “flame for life” to reflect all the different usages. We also partnered with Snoop Dogg and Martha Stewart for marketing.,neutral,0.01,0.99,0.01,mixed,0.41,0.37,0.21,True,English,"['ballpoint pens', 'shaving sticks', 'tech-forward company', 'Bic', 'maker', 'The New York Stock Exchange', 'good ol’ ballpoint pens', 'Euronext stock exchange', 'fine motor skills', 'other digital means', 'high-end disposable shavers', 'many razor brands', 'Dollar Shave Club', 'Many traditional companies', 'actual tech companies', 'facial hair cycle', 'other hand', 'non-tech companies', 'tattoo companies', 'disposable one', 'disposable razor', 'Restaurant chain', 'tech giants', 'relentless pursuit', 'sustainable materials', 'innovative ways', 'reusable notebooks', 'rich legacy', 'tattoo artist', 'LinkedIn page', 'modest display', 'net sales', 'currency fluctuations', '2.26 billion euros', 'current rates', 'shaving sticks', 'technical innovations', 'writing tools', 'brain development', 'developing markets', 'purchasing power', 'tattoo business', 'earnings calls', 'plain sight', 'two weeks', 'tattoo store', 'perfect tattoo', 'different level', 'annual reports', 'life-cycle analyses', 'replaceable head', 'water consumption', 'grooming history', 'remote work', 'body shaving', 'last decade', 'traditional definition', 'tech company', 'last 30 years', 'biggest impact', 'environmental impact', 'last 20 years', 'temporary tattoos', 'tech products', 'technological innovation', 'color options', 'niche market', 'shaving time', 'Gonzalve Bich', 'Marcel Bich', 'Fortune Media', 'Most people', 'razors', '150 years', 'Bich.', 'buzz', 'Sweetgreen', 'purveyor', 'food', 'journalism', 'Microsoft', 'Nvidia', 'droves', 'maker', 'lighters', 'grandfather', 'spirit', 'approach', 'technology', 'developers', 'programmers', 'lifespan', 'portfolio', 'Rocketbook', 'past', 'future', 'reins', 'CEO', 'Paris', 'growth', 'world', 'arm', 'waves', 'markers', 'interview', 'clarity', 'case', 'degrees', 'investments', 'text', 'bullishness', 'debate', 'importance', 'handwriting', 'Experts', 'lives', 'creativity', '160 countries', 'lot', 'normalization', 'wall', 'Google', 'permanence', 'fad', 'sustainability', 'idea', 'production', 'disposal', 'handle', 'terms', 'packaging', 'women', 'beards', 'Harry', 'differentiator', 'No.']",2024-06-18,2024-06-18,fortune.com
