UID,Searchword,API,URL,Title,Summary,Article,Title_Sentiment,Title_Positive,Title_Neutral,Title_Negative,Article_Sentiment,Article_Positive,Article_Neutral,Article_Negative,Verified,Language,Topics,Date,Load_Date,Source
49046,Euroclear,NewsApi.org,https://www.rt.com/russia/613299-eu-split-russian-assets/,EU divided on frozen Russian assets – Politico,The EU is divided on using seized Russian assets  with some wanting to give them to Kiev and others viewing them as a bargaining tool Read Full Article at RT.com,Some members of the bloc want to hand the funds to Kiev immediately  while others suggest using them as leverage in peace talksThe EU is reportedly divided over the fate of approximately €200 billion ($209 billion) in Russian sovereign assets  Politico reported on Tuesday. The funds  primarily held by Euroclear in Brussels  have been frozen since the escalation of the Ukraine conflict in 2022.According to the outlet  since Brussels was left out of discussions between the US and Russian delegations in Saudi Arabia earlier this month  some EU member states have started calling for the immediate transfer of Moscow’s frozen funds to Kiev. Others  however  have argued that the assets should be retained as a bargaining tool in future negotiations with Moscow.Those who support the seizure of Russia’s assets include the Baltic and Nordic states  as well as Poland  the Czech Republic  and the EU’s top diplomat  Kaja Kallas  according to Politico. They have argued that the frozen funds should be used to help Ukraine rebuild and sustain its war effort  especially if Washington decides to halt its support for Kiev.“I don’t take the argument that it’s legally problematic… we need [the] political will to do it ” Lithuanian Foreign Minister Kestutis Budrys told Politico in an interview.Previously  Kallas had also suggested that Russia’s money should be used for the reconstruction of Ukraine before being handed back over to Moscow  noting that she doubts there will be “anything left over.”However  other EU nations  including France  Germany  Italy  Spain  and European Commission president Ursula von der Leyen  believe that these funds should be kept as a bargaining chip. Some officials have also raised concerns that an outright confiscation of Russian funds could set a dangerous precedent and spook international investors.”If you were to unfreeze [the assets] and give [them] to Ukraine  you don't have it anymore and you can’t use it as a bargaining chip ” one anonymous EU diplomat told Politico.Western allies froze about $300 billion in assets belonging to the Russian central bank shortly after the escalation of the Ukraine conflict three years ago. The bulk of the funds  around $213 billion  is being held in the Brussels-based clearinghouse Euroclear.Russia has repeatedly condemned the freezing of its assets and has warned that seizing them would amount to “theft.” The Kremlin says that any attempt to transfer the funds to Ukraine would lead to severe economic and legal consequences for the EU  including reciprocal actions that could tap the income from frozen Western assets held in Russia.,neutral,0.0,0.87,0.12,negative,0.0,0.22,0.78,True,English,"['frozen Russian assets', 'EU', 'Politico', 'Lithuanian Foreign Minister Kestutis Budrys', 'Ursula von der Leyen', 'one anonymous EU diplomat', 'European Commission president', 'Russian central bank', 'other EU nations', 'EU member states', 'Russian sovereign assets', 'top diplomat', 'Russian delegations', 'Nordic states', 'The EU', 'peace talks', 'Saudi Arabia', 'immediate transfer', 'bargaining tool', 'future negotiations', 'Czech Republic', 'war effort', 'political will', 'bargaining chip', 'outright confiscation', 'dangerous precedent', 'international investors', 'Western allies', 'Brussels-based clearinghouse', 'The Kremlin', 'severe economic', 'legal consequences', 'reciprocal actions', 'Russian funds', 'Kaja Kallas', 'Western assets', 'Ukraine conflict', 'members', 'bloc', 'Kiev', 'others', 'leverage', 'fate', 'Politico', 'Tuesday', 'Euroclear', 'escalation', 'outlet', 'discussions', 'Moscow', 'seizure', 'Baltic', 'Poland', 'Washington', 'support', 'argument', 'interview', 'money', 'reconstruction', 'anything', 'France', 'Germany', 'Italy', 'Spain', 'officials', 'concerns', 'bulk', 'freezing', 'attempt', 'income']",2025-02-25,2025-02-26,rt.com
49047,Euroclear,NewsApi.org,https://www.rt.com/russia/613271-eu-consensus-russian-assets-kallas/,EU states can’t agree on Russian assets – Kallas,The bloc is unlikely to settle on terms of the use of $300 billion in the near future  the foreign policy chief says Read Full Article at RT.com,The bloc is unlikely to decide on the use of $300 billion in frozen funds in the near future  the foreign policy chief has saidEU members continue to disagree on what to do with Russian assets frozen by the bloc  foreign policy chief Kaja Kallas said on Monday. Any move to seize the funds requires unanimous support from member states  which is currently lacking  the diplomat admitted.Kallas  who became the EU’s high representative for foreign affairs and security policy in December  previously called for $300 billion in frozen Russian funds to be tapped for the reconstruction of Ukraine.Speaking in Brussels on Monday  however  she stated that “we need to have everybody’s support for this and so far  we do not have the support for this.” Kallas added that she was “not that optimistic that we will reach an agreement in March ” although she also claimed that “one more country that used to be against moving on with this and came on board.”A noted hawk on Moscow  Kallas demanded that “all business with Russia must stop” while she was Estonian prime minister. She faced resignation calls in 2023 over revelations that her husband held a 25% stake in a logistics company that provides services in Russia.Western allies froze about $300 billion in assets belonging to the Russian central bank shortly after the escalation of the Ukraine conflict three years ago. The bulk of the funds  around $213 billion  is being held in the Brussels-based clearinghouse Euroclear.While proceeds generated by the frozen funds are already being used to back a $50 billion loan for Ukraine provided by the G7  most Western nations have stopped short of directly seizing the assets. Opponents of the move  including Belgium  Germany  and France  have raised concerns that it would set a legal precedent and undermine trust in the Western banking system.Russia has said any moves to seize its sovereign assets would be “theft” and has vowed to legally challenge any attempts to channel the funds to Ukraine. The Kremlin has also warned that it could mirror the West’s actions by tapping income from frozen Western assets held in Russia.Russian President Vladimir Putin said in June that by seizing Russian funds the West “will take another step towards wrecking the system created by them to ensure prosperity for decades.” Putin claimed that this system has allowed Western states “to consume more than they earn by attracting money from around the world through debts and obligations.”,negative,0.0,0.43,0.57,negative,0.0,0.35,0.64,True,English,"['EU states', 'Russian assets', 'Kallas', 'foreign policy chief Kaja Kallas', 'Russian President Vladimir Putin', 'Estonian prime minister', 'Russian central bank', 'most Western nations', 'Western banking system', 'foreign affairs', 'security policy', 'Western allies', 'Western states', 'Russian assets', 'Russian funds', 'near future', 'member states', 'high representative', 'resignation calls', 'logistics company', 'Brussels-based clearinghouse', '$50 billion loan', 'legal precedent', 'The Kremlin', 'Western assets', 'sovereign assets', 'EU members', 'frozen funds', 'unanimous support', 'Ukraine conflict', 'bloc', 'Monday', 'move', 'diplomat', 'December', 'reconstruction', 'everybody', 'agreement', 'March', 'one', 'country', 'board', 'hawk', 'Moscow', 'business', 'revelations', 'husband', '25% stake', 'services', 'escalation', 'bulk', 'Euroclear', 'proceeds', 'Belgium', 'Germany', 'France', 'concerns', 'trust', 'attempts', 'actions', 'income', 'June', 'step', 'prosperity', 'decades', 'world', 'debts', 'obligations']",2025-02-25,2025-02-26,rt.com
49048,Euroclear,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2025/02/25/3031756/0/en/Notice-to-the-Annual-General-Meeting-of-Orion-Corporation.html,Notice to the Annual General Meeting of Orion Corporation,ORION CORPORATION   STOCK EXCHANGE RELEASE / NOTICE TO GENERAL MEETING 25 FEBRUARY 2025 at 12:15 EET      Notice to the Annual General Meeting of Orion......,ORION CORPORATIONSTOCK EXCHANGE RELEASE / NOTICE TO GENERAL MEETING25 FEBRUARY 2025 at 12:15 EETNotice to the Annual General Meeting of Orion CorporationNotice is given to the shareholders of Orion Corporation of the Annual General Meeting to be held on Thursday 3 April 2025 at 2:00 p.m. Finnish time at Messukeskus Siipi conference centre at the address Rautatieläisenkatu 3  Helsinki  Finland. The reception of attendees who have registered for the meeting and the distribution of voting tickets will start at 1:00 p.m. Finnish time at the meeting venue. Coffee will be served after the meeting.Shareholders can exercise their voting rights also by voting in advance. Instructions for advance voting are presented in this notice under section C “Instructions for the participants in the meeting”.It is possible for the shareholders to follow the meeting via webcast. Instructions for following the webcast are available on the Company’s website at www.orionpharma.com. It is not possible to ask questions  make counterproposals  otherwise speak or vote via webcast  and following the meeting via webcast is not considered participation in the Annual General Meeting or exercise of the shareholders’ rights.A. Matters on the agenda of the Annual General MeetingAt the Annual General Meeting  the following matters will be considered:1. Opening of the meeting2. Matters of order for the meeting3. Election of the persons to scrutinise the minutes and to supervise the counting of votes4. Recording the legal convening of the meeting and quorum5. Recording the attendance at the meeting and the list of votes6. Presentation of the Financial Statements  the Report of the Board of Directors  the Auditor’s Report and the Sustainability Reporting Assurance Provider’s Report for the year 2024Review by the President and CEO.The Financial Statements  the Report of the Board of Directors  the Auditor’s Report and the Sustainability Reporting Assurance Provider’s Report are available on the Company’s website at www.orionpharma.com at the latest as from 13 March 2025.7. Adoption of the Financial Statements8. Resolution on the use of the profit shown on the Balance Sheet and the distribution of dividendOrion Corporation’s distributable funds at 31 December 2024 are EUR 601 482 478.08  of which the profit for the financial year is EUR 232 653 163.99. The Board of Directors proposes to the Annual General Meeting that a dividend of EUR 1.64 per share be paid on the basis of the Balance Sheet confirmed for the financial year that ended on 31 December 2024. No dividend shall be paid on treasury shares held by the Company on the record date for dividend payment.According to the proposal  the dividend would be paid in two instalments. The first instalment of EUR 0.82 per share would be paid to a shareholder who is on the record date for the payment of the dividend  7 April 2025  registered in the Company’s shareholders’ register maintained by Euroclear Finland Oy. The Board of Directors proposes that the first instalment would be paid on 14 April 2025. The second instalment of EUR 0.82 per share would be paid to a shareholder who is on the record date for the payment of the dividend  16 October 2025  registered in the Company’s shareholders’ register maintained by Euroclear Finland Oy. The Board of Directors proposes that the second instalment would be paid on 23 October 2025.The Board of Directors proposes that the Annual General Meeting would authorise the Board of Directors to resolve  if necessary  on a new record date for payment and payment date for the second instalment of the dividend in case of changes in the rules of Euroclear Finland Oy or the regulations regarding the Finnish book-entry system or if other rules binding the Company so require.In addition  the Board of Directors proposes to the Annual General Meeting that EUR 450 000 of the Company’s distributable funds be donated to medical research and other purposes of public interest as decided by the Board of Directors. Any remaining distributable funds would be allocated to retained earnings.There have been no material changes in the Company’s financial position since the end of the financial year. The liquidity of the Company is good and  in the opinion of the Board of Directors  the proposed profit distribution would not compromise the liquidity of the Company.9. Resolution on the discharge of the members of the Board of Directors and the President and CEO from liability10. Consideration of the Remuneration Report for Governing BodiesThe Board of Directors proposes to the Annual General Meeting that the Remuneration Report for the Company’s governing bodies for 2024 be adopted. The resolution is advisory in accordance with the Finnish Companies Act.The Remuneration Report for the governing bodies is available on the Company’s website at www.orionpharma.com at the latest from 13 March 2025.11. Resolution on the remuneration of the members of the Board of DirectorsThe Company’s Nomination Committee has announced as its recommendation that the following remunerations would be paid to the Board of Directors:As an annual fee  the Chairman would receive EUR 112 000  the Vice Chairman would receive EUR 68 500 and the other members would receive EUR 56 000 each. However  if a member of the Board acts as the Chairman of the Audit Committee or the R&D Committee  her/his annual fee would be EUR 68 500.In addition  as a fee for each meeting attended  the Chairman would receive EUR 1 200  the Vice Chairman would receive EUR 900 and the other members would receive EUR 600 each. The travel expenses of the Board members would be paid in accordance with the previously adopted practice. The aforementioned meeting attendance fees would also be paid to the Chairmen and to the members of the committees established by the Board. The meeting attendance fees of Board members permanently resident outside Finland would be doubled if the meeting was held outside the country of residence of such a member and the person attended the meeting at the place of the meeting.Of the above-mentioned annual fees  60 percent would be paid in cash and 40 percent in Orion Corporation B shares  which would be acquired for the members over the period 24–30 April 2025 from the stock exchange in amounts corresponding to EUR 44 800 for the Chairman  EUR 27 400 for the Vice Chairman and for the Board members acting as the Chairmen of the Audit Committee and the R&D Committee and EUR 22 400 for each of the other members. The part of the annual fee that is to be paid in cash corresponds to the approximate sum necessary for the payment of the income taxes on the fees and would be paid no later than 30 May 2025. The annual fees shall encompass the full term of office of the Board of Directors.In addition  the Company would pay the transfer tax related to the part of the annual fee of the Board of Directors paid in shares.Potential statutory social security and pension costs incurring to Board members having permanent residence outside Finland would be borne by Orion Corporation as required by the applicable national legislation.Board members would be required to retain ownership of the Orion Corporation B shares paid as fees for a period of two years from the date of payment of the fees. However  if the person's membership of the Board of Directors of the Company were to end before the expiry of the restriction on transfer  the restriction on transfer would expire at the end of the membership of the Board of Directors.The Nomination Committee has not given its recommendation for the remunerations to the Board of Directors  but the matter will be proposed by a shareholder at the Annual General Meeting.The members of the Nomination Committee belonging to the Board of Directors did not participate in the consideration or decision-making of the recommendation on the remuneration of the Board of Directors.12. Resolution on the number of members of the Board of DirectorsIn accordance with the recommendation by the Company’s Nomination Committee  the Board of Directors proposes to the Annual General Meeting that the number of Board members would be eight.13. Election of the members and the Chairman of the Board of DirectorsIn accordance with the recommendation by the Company’s Nomination Committee  the Board of Directors proposes to the Annual General Meeting that the present members of the Board  Kari Jussi Aho  Maziar Mike Doustdar  Ari Lehtoranta  Veli-Matti Mattila  Hilpi Rautelin  Eija Ronkainen  Henrik Stenqvist and Karen Lykke Sørensen would be re-elected for the next term of office.Veli-Matti Mattila would be re-elected as Chairman of the Board.All proposed members have been evaluated to be independent of the Company and its significant shareholders.Brief presentations of all the persons proposed as Board members and their independence evaluations are available on the Company’s website at www.orionpharma.com.14. Resolution on the remuneration of the Auditor and the Sustainability Reporting Assurance ProviderIn accordance with the recommendation by the Board’s Audit Committee  the Board of Directors proposes to the Annual General Meeting that the remuneration to the Auditor be paid based on invoicing approved by the Company.Furthermore  in accordance with the recommendation by the Board’s Audit Committee  the Board of Directors proposes to the Annual General Meeting that the remuneration to the Company's Sustainability Reporting Assurance Provider be paid based on invoicing approved by the Company.15. Election of the Auditor and the Sustainability Reporting Assurance ProviderIn accordance with the recommendation by the Board’s Audit Committee  the Board of Directors proposes to the Annual General Meeting that Authorised Public Accountants KPMG Oy Ab be elected as the Company’s Auditor for the next term of office.Furthermore  in accordance with the recommendation by the Board’s Audit Committee  the Board of Directors proposes to the Annual General Meeting that Sustainability Reporting Audit Firm KPMG Oy Ab be elected as the Company’s Sustainability Reporting Assurance Provider for the next term of office.16. Authorising the Board of Directors to decide on a share issue by issuing new sharesThe Board of Directors proposes to the Annual General Meeting that the Board of Directors be authorised to decide on a share issue by issuing new shares on the following terms and conditions:Number of new shares to be issuedBased on the authorisation  the Board of Directors shall be entitled to decide on the issuance of no more than 14 000 000 new class B shares. The maximum number of shares to be issued corresponds to less than 10% of all shares in the Company and less than 2% of all votes in the Company.The new shares may be issued only against payment.Shareholder’s pre-emptive rights and directed share issueThe new shares may be issuedin a directed issue to the Company’s shareholders in proportion to their holdings at the time of the issue regardless of whether they own class A or B shares; orin a directed issue  deviating from the shareholder’s pre-emptive rights  if there is a weighty financial reason  such as the development of the capital structure of the Company  using the shares as consideration in possible corporate acquisitions or other arrangements related to the Company’s business  or financing investments.The authorisation may not be used as a part of the Company’s incentive system. The new shares may not be issued to the Company itself.Subscription price in the Balance SheetThe amounts paid for new shares issued shall be recorded in the reserve for invested unrestricted equity.Other terms and validityThe Board of Directors shall decide on other matters related to the issuance of shares.The share issue authorisation concerning issuance of new shares shall be valid until the next Annual General Meeting of the Company.This authorisation does not cancel the share issue authorisation given by the Annual General Meeting of Orion Corporation on 23 March 2022 concerning the conveyance of the Company’s own shares held by the Company.17. Closing of the meetingB. Documents of the Annual General MeetingThe foregoing proposals for resolutions on the matters on the agenda of the Annual General Meeting and the recommendation of the Nomination Committee as well as this notice to the Annual General Meeting are available on Orion Corporation’s website at www.orionpharma.com. The Financial Statements  the Report of the Board of Directors  the Auditor’s Report and the Sustainability Reporting Assurance Provider’s Report as well as the Remuneration Report of Orion Corporation are available on the above-mentioned website no later than 13 March 2025. The proposals for resolutions and the other above-mentioned documents will also be available for review at the Annual General Meeting. The minutes of the Annual General Meeting will be available on the above-mentioned website as from 17 April 2025 at the latest.C. Instructions for the participants in the meeting1. Shareholders registered in the shareholders’ registerShareholders being on the record date of the Annual General Meeting  i.e.  on 24 March 2025  registered in the Company’s shareholders’ register maintained by Euroclear Finland Oy have the right to participate in the Annual General Meeting. A shareholder whose shares are registered on their personal Finnish book-entry account is registered in the Company’s shareholders’ register.Registration for the Annual General Meeting will begin on 27 February 2025 at 9:00 a.m. Finnish time. A shareholder registered in the Company’s shareholders’ register who wishes to participate in the Annual General Meeting must register for the meeting no later than on 28 March 2025 before 4:00 p.m. Finnish time  by which deadline the registration must be received by the recipient. Such registration may be madea) on the Company’s website at www.orionpharma.com  which requires strong electronic authentication of the shareholder  legal representative or proxy representative using personal Finnish  Swedish or Danish online banking credentials or Finnish Mobile certificate;b) by e-mail to agm@innovatics.fi or by post to Innovatics Ltd  AGM / Orion Corporation  Ratamestarinkatu 13 A  00520 Helsinki  Finland; orc) by telephone to +358 10 2818 909 Monday to Friday from 9:00 a.m. to 12:00 noon and from 1:00 p.m. to 4:00 p.m. Finnish time.The requested information  such as the shareholder’s name  date of birth or business ID  address and telephone number and/or e-mail address as well as the name of a possible assistant  legal representative or proxy representative and the date of birth and telephone number and/or e-mail address of the proxy representative  must be given in connection with the registration. The personal data given in connection with the registration is used only in connection with the Annual General Meeting and the processing of the necessary registrations relating to it.The shareholder or their legal representative or proxy representative shall  if necessary  be able to prove their identity and/or right of representation at the meeting venue.Further information on registration and advance voting is available by telephone during the registration period of the Annual General Meeting by calling Innovatics Ltd at +358 10 2818 909 on weekdays from 9:00 a.m. to 12:00 p.m. and from 1:00 p.m. to 4:00 p.m.2. Holders of nominee registered sharesHolders of nominee registered shares have the right to participate in the Annual General Meeting by virtue of such shares based on which they on the record date of the Annual General Meeting  i.e.  on 24 March 2025  would be entitled to be registered in the Company’s shareholders’ register maintained by Euroclear Finland Oy. In addition  participation requires that the shareholder has on the basis of such shares been temporarily registered in the shareholders’ register held by Euroclear Finland Oy at the latest on 31 March 2025 by 10:00 a.m. Finnish time. As regards nominee registered shares  this constitutes due registration for the Annual General Meeting. Changes in shareholding after the record date of the Annual General Meeting do not affect the right to participate in the Annual General Meeting or the number of votes held by a shareholder.Holders of nominee registered shares are advised to timely request from their custodian bank the necessary instructions concerning the temporary registration in the shareholders’ register  the issuing of proxy documents and voting instructions and the registration for the Annual General Meeting and advance voting. The account manager of the custodian bank must register a holder of nominee registered shares who wants to participate in the Annual General Meeting temporarily in the Company’s shareholders’ register at the latest by the time stated above and  if necessary  arrange the advance voting on behalf of the nominee registered shareholder before the expiry of the registration period applicable to the nominee registered shareholders.3. Use of proxy representative and powers of attorneyShareholders may participate in the Annual General Meeting and exercise their rights at the meeting by way of proxy representation. A shareholder’s proxy representative may also elect to vote in advance in the manner described in this notice. Electronic registration and advance voting on behalf of a shareholder requires strong electronic authentication; a proxy representative may register the shareholder and vote in advance on behalf of the shareholder by using the proxy representative’s personal Finnish  Swedish or Danish online banking credentials or Finnish Mobile certificate. A proxy representative is required to present a dated proxy document or otherwise in a reliable manner demonstrate their right to represent the shareholder at the Annual General Meeting. Template of the proxy document is available on the Company’s website at www.orionpharma.com. If a shareholder participates in the Annual General Meeting by means of several proxy representatives representing the shareholder with shares on different securities accounts  the shares by which each proxy representative represents the shareholder must be identified in connection with the registration for the Annual General Meeting.Possible proxy documents are requested to be delivered by post to Innovatics Ltd  AGM / Orion Corporation  Ratamestarinkatu 13 A  00520 Helsinki  Finland or by e-mail to agm@innovatics.fi before the end of the registration period. Delivery of proxy documents before the closing of the registration is considered due registration for the Annual General Meeting  provided that the above-mentioned information required for registration is included.Shareholders can also in many cases use the electronic Suomi.fi authorisation service instead of the traditional proxy document for authorising a proxy representative. The proxy representative is nominated in the Suomi.fi service at www.suomi.fi/e-authorizations (authorisation topic “Representation at the General Meeting”). The proxy representative is required to identify themself with strong electronic authentication using personal Finnish  Swedish or Danish online banking credentials or Finnish Mobile certificate in the electronic registration service when registering  after which the electronic mandate is automatically checked. More information on the electronic authorisation is available on www.suomi.fi/e-authorizations.4. Advance votingShareholders with a Finnish book-entry account may vote in advance on the agenda items 7 to 16 during the period from 27 February 2025 at 9:00 a.m. Finnish time until 28 March 2025 at 4:00 p.m. Finnish timea) on the Company’s website at www.orionpharma.com  which requires strong electronic authentication in the same manner as described in relation to the registration in this notice under section C.1; orb) by post or by e-mail by delivering the advance voting form available on the Company’s website or the corresponding information to Innovatics Ltd by post to Innovatics Ltd  AGM / Orion Corporation  Ratamestarinkatu 13 A  00520 Helsinki  Finland or by e-mail to agm@innovatics.fi. The advance votes must be received by the recipient by the end of the advance voting period. The advance voting form will be available on the Company’s website on 27 February 2025 at the latest. The delivery of votes in this manner before the closing of the registration and the advance voting is considered due registration for the Annual General Meeting  provided that the above-mentioned information required for registration is included.It is not possible for shareholders having voted in advance to use the right to request information or the right to request a vote stipulated in the Finnish Companies Act or to change after the end of the advance period the votes cast unless the shareholder participates in the Annual General Meeting at the meeting venue in person or by way of proxy representation.With respect to nominee registered shareholders  the advance voting is carried out by the account manager. The account manager may vote in advance during the registration period for the nominee registered shares on behalf of the represented nominee registered shareholders in accordance with the voting instructions given by them.Proposals for resolution that are subject to advance voting are deemed to have been made at the Annual General Meeting without any changes. The conditions of the advance voting and other related instructions are available on the Company’s website www.orionpharma.com.5. Other instructions/informationThe language of the meeting is Finnish. Pursuant to Chapter 5  Section 25 of the Finnish Companies Act  shareholders present at the Annual General Meeting have the right to request information with respect to the matters to be considered at the meeting.It is possible for the shareholders to follow the Annual General Meeting via webcast by ordering a link and password in advance by 28 March 2025 by 4:00 p.m. Finnish time. Instructions for ordering the link and the password and following the webcast are available on the Company’s website at www.orionpharma.com. It is not possible to exercise the shareholders’ rights under the Finnish Companies Act via webcast  and following the meeting via webcast is not considered participation in the Annual General Meeting.Changes in shareholding occurred after the record date of the Annual General Meeting do not affect the right to participate in the Annual General Meeting or the number of votes held by a shareholder.On the date of this notice to the Annual General Meeting  25 February 2025  the total number of shares in Orion Corporation is 141 134 278  of which 32 752 263 are class A shares and 108 382 015 class B shares  representing in total 763 427 275 votes  of which class A shares account for 655 045 260 votes and class B shares for 108 382 015 votes.Espoo  25 February 2025Orion CorporationBoard of DirectorsOrion CorporationLiisa HurmePresident and CEO Olli HuotariExecutive Vice President  Corporate FunctionsContact person:Tuukka Hirvonen  Investor Relations  phone +358 10 426 2721Publisher:Orion Corporationhttp://www.orionpharma.comOrion is a globally operating Finnish pharmaceutical company – a builder of well-being. We develop  manufacture and market human and veterinary pharmaceuticals and active pharmaceutical ingredients. Orion has an extensive portfolio of proprietary and generic medicines and self-care products. The core therapy areas of our pharmaceutical R&D are oncology and pain. Proprietary products developed by Orion are used to treat cancer  neurological diseases and respiratory diseases  among others. Orion's net sales in 2024 amounted to EUR 1 542 million and the company had about 3 700 employees at the end of the year. Orion's A and B shares are listed on Nasdaq Helsinki.,neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,positive,0.8,0.2,0.0,True,English,"['Annual General Meeting', 'Orion Corporation', 'Notice', 'Messukeskus Siipi conference centre', 'Sustainability Reporting Assurance Provider', 'STOCK EXCHANGE RELEASE', 'Euroclear Finland Oy', 'Finnish book-entry system', 'Finnish Companies Act', 'Annual General Meeting', 'new record date', 'The Financial Statements', 'The Remuneration Report', 'Finnish time', 'financial position', 'ORION CORPORATION', 'Rautatieläisenkatu', 'voting tickets', 'meeting venue', 'voting rights', 'section C', 'legal convening', 'Balance Sheet', 'distributable funds', 'treasury shares', 'two instalments', 'first instalment', 'second instalment', 'medical research', 'other purposes', 'public interest', 'Governing Bodies', 'Nomination Committee', 'financial year', 'A. Matters', 'following matters', 'payment date', 'The Board', 'Thursday 3 April', 'advance voting', 'shareholders’ rights', 'shareholders’ register', 'other rules', 'material changes', 'The Company', 'profit distribution', 'dividend payment', 'year 2024', '14 April', 'NOTICE', '25 FEBRUARY', '12:15 EET', 'address', 'Helsinki', 'reception', 'attendees', 'Coffee', 'Instructions', 'participants', 'webcast', 'website', 'orionpharma', 'questions', 'counterproposals', 'exercise', 'agenda', 'Opening', 'order', 'Election', 'persons', 'minutes', 'counting', 'votes', 'quorum', 'attendance', 'list', 'Presentation', 'Directors', 'Auditor', 'Review', 'President', 'CEO', '13 March', 'Adoption', 'Resolution', 'use', '31 December', 'basis', '23 October', 'case', 'regulations', 'addition', 'earnings', 'liquidity', 'opinion', 'discharge', 'members', 'liability', 'Consideration', 'accordance', 'recommendation', '2:00', '1:00', '10.']",2025-02-25,2025-02-26,globenewswire.com
49049,Euroclear,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2025/02/25/3031741/0/en/Orion-Group-Financial-Statement-Release-January-December-2024.html,Orion Group Financial Statement Release January–December 2024,ORION CORPORATION FINANCIAL STATEMENT RELEASE 1–12/2024 25 FEBRUARY 2025 at 12:00 EET   Orion Group Financial Statement Release January–December 2024 ...,"ORION CORPORATIONFINANCIAL STATEMENT RELEASE 1–12/202425 FEBRUARY 2025 at 12:00 EETOrion Group Financial Statement Release January–December 2024Net sales totalled EUR 1 542.4 (January–December 2023: 1 189.7) millionOperating profit was EUR 416.6 (274.9) millionBasic earnings per share were EUR 2.35 (1.54)Cash flow from operating activities per share was EUR 2.09 (0.85)The Board of Directors proposes a dividend of EUR 1.64 (1.62) to be paid for 2024. The dividend is proposed to be paid in two instalments.Outlook for 2025: Net sales are estimated to be EUR 1 550 million to EUR 1 650 million. Operating profit is estimated to be EUR 350 million to EUR 450 million.Key figures10–12/24 10–12/23 Change % 1–12/24 1–12/23 Change % Net sales  EUR million 434.4 321.1 +35.3% 1 542.4 1 189.7 +29.6% EBITDA  EUR million 147.1 106.0 +38.8% 509.4 326.4 +56.0% % of net sales 33.9% 33.0% 33.0% 27.4% Operating profit  EUR million 92.7 92.9 -0.2% 416.6 274.9 +51.5% % of net sales 21.3% 28.9% 27.0% 23.1% Profit before taxes  EUR million 91.7 92.4 -0.8% 413.1 271.9 +52.0% % of net sales 21.1% 28.8% 26.8% 22.9% Profit for the period  EUR million 73.4 75.1 -2.3% 329.9 216.8 +52.2% % of net sales 16.9% 23.4% 21.4% 18.2% Research and development expenses  EUR million 62.5 36.6 +70.6% 179.6 126.9 +41.5% % of net sales 14.4% 11.4% 11.6% 10.7% Capital expenditure  excluding acquired in business combinations  EUR million 29.8 26.0 +14.6% 86.1 92.7 -7.1% % of net sales 6.9% 8.1% 5.6% 7.8% Acquired in business combination  net of cash  EUR million 0.1 Interest-bearing net liabilities  EUR million 121.7 93.3 +30.4% Basic earnings per share  EUR 0.52 0.54 -2.5% 2.35 1.54 +52.0% Cash flow from operating activities per share  EUR 0.63 0.35 +81.5% 2.09 0.85 > 100% Equity ratio  % 61.9% 62.3% Gearing  % 12.1% 10.5% Return on capital employed (before taxes)  % 34.9% 25.3% Return on equity (after taxes)  % 34.8% 24.1% Average number of personnel during the period 3 712 3 710 0.0%President and CEO Liisa Hurme:2024 was a year of strong growth for Orion""In January–December 2024  our net sales increased by 29.6 percent to EUR 1 542.4 (1 189.7) million and operating profit increased by 51.5 percent to EUR 416.6 (274.9) million.Year 2024 was a period of strong growth for Orion. I am particularly pleased that the underlying net sales and operating profit increased clearly. Net sales without significant milestone payments increased by more than 20 percent from the previous year. Operating profit increased by more than 30 percent  excluding significant milestone payments as well as the positive item related to the transfer of the insurance portfolio of Orion Pension Fund's B during the comparison period. Thanks to a strong year  we reached ahead of schedule the ambitious target we set ourselves in 2019 to reach EUR 1.5 billion in net sales by the end of 2025.Four of our five business divisions increased their net sales in 2024. The Group's growth was driven by the Innovative Medicines business division led by Nubeqa®. We are very pleased with the faster than expected growth  as well as the achievements of our partner Bayer in the market. Nubeqa's in-market sales during the calendar year exceeded EUR 1 billion in September 2024  which was a great milestone for both companies.The strong pull of the Easyhaler® product portfolio continued throughout the year  driving the growth of the Branded Products business division. The Generics and Consumer Health business division improved its development throughout the year and the growth of a couple of percent in the competitive generic market was a great performance. The Animal Health business division grew strongly  although a large part of the growth can be explained by a return to normal after a weaker year in 2023. Fermion's net sales were at the previous year's level  which is also a good performance  considering that at the same time the demand for the active ingredients of Orion's own innovative medicines has increased.At the beginning of 2024  we specified our strategy  which was implemented as planned in 2024. Our various businesses developed in line with the strategy and  among other things  the long-lasting gradual expansion of Orion's geographical footprint was continued when we opened our own sales office in Japan. In addition  we continued to expand our product portfolio with new licensing agreements and expand our research network with new cooperation agreements. We also increased investments in research and development  and sales and marketing as planned. These determined investments aim at Orion's growth in both the short and long term. After the reporting period in January 2025  we completed a huge project that started already in 2021  and successfully launched our new enterprise resource planning (ERP) system.In terms of development projects  we experienced two highlights in July 2024. Together with MSD  we converted the co-development and co-commercialisation agreement for opevesostat and other candidates targeting CYP11A1 to an exclusive global license for MSD. The conversion of this collaboration into a license agreement allows Orion tofocus our resources to progress our other promising research  development and growth programs. In addition  together with our partner Bayer  we reported that the ARANOTE trial had met its primary endpoint. Based on the results  Bayer has already submitted applications to extend the marketing authorisation for darolutamide in the US  the EU and China. In 2024  we decided to end the ODM-111 development program because the therapeutic window of the molecule turned out to be too narrow. Other of our earlier clinical phase projects progressed as planned.The year 2024 was eventful and we achieved many great things together. Thank you to all Orionees and our great partners for this. The road is open for growth also in 2025!”Proposal by the Board of Directors of Orion Corporation to the Annual General Meeting 2025 on the resolution on the use of the profit shown on the Balance Sheet and the distribution of dividendOrion Corporation’s distributable funds at 31 December 2024 are EUR 601 482 478.08  of which the profit for the financial year is EUR 232 653 163.99. The Board of Directors proposes to the Annual General Meeting of Orion Corporation to be held on 3 April 2025 that a dividend of EUR 1.64 per share be paid on the basis of the Balance Sheet confirmed for the financial year that ended on 31 December 2024. No dividend shall be paid on treasury shares held by the Company on the record date for dividend payment.According to the proposal  the dividend would be paid in two instalments. The first instalment of EUR 0.82 per share would be paid to a shareholder who is on the record date for the payment of the dividend  7 April 2025  registered in the Company’s shareholders’ register maintained by Euroclear Finland Oy. The Board of Directors proposes that the first instalment would be paid on 14 April 2025. The second instalment of EUR 0.82 per share would be paid to a shareholder who is on the record date for the payment of the dividend  16 October 2025  registered in the Company’s shareholders’ register maintained by Euroclear Finland Oy. The Board of Directors proposes that the second instalment would be paid on 23 October 2025.The Board of Directors proposes that the Annual General Meeting would authorise the Board of Directors to resolve  if necessary  on a new record date for payment and payment date for the second instalment of the dividend in case of changes in the rules of Euroclear Finland Oy or the regulations regarding the Finnish book-entry system or if other rules binding the Company so require.In addition  the Board of Directors proposes to the Annual General Meeting that EUR 450 000 of the Company’s distributable funds be donated to medical research and other purposes of public interest as decided by the Board of Directors. Any remaining distributable funds would be allocated to retained earnings.There have been no material changes in the Company’s financial position since the end of the financial year. The liquidity of the Company is good and  in the opinion of the Board of Directors  the proposed profit distribution would not compromise the liquidity of the Company.Outlook for 2025Net sales are estimated to be EUR 1 550 million to EUR 1 650 million.Operating profit is estimated to be EUR 350 million to EUR 450 million.Basis for outlookCollaboration agreements with other pharmaceutical companies are an integral part of Orion’s business model. Agreements often include payments recorded in net sales and operating profit that vary greatly from year to year. Forecasting the timing and amount of these payments is difficult. In some cases  they are conditional on terms such as R&D outcomes which are not known until studies have been completed  the progress of R&D projects or the attainment of specified sales levels. Regarding possible new contracts under negotiation  neither the outcome nor the schedule of contract negotiations is generally known before the final signing of the agreement.In 2024  Orion booked two material milestones totalling EUR 130 million. The outlook for 2025 does not include any material milestone payments or one-offs.Milestone payments received by Orion in 2020–2024Year 2020 2021 2022 2023 2024 EUR million 42 3 234 32 134The outlook does not include income  expenses or other impacts related to any future material product or company acquisition or divestment.Net salesThe outlook assumes that the Nubeqa® royalties and product sales booked by Orion will clearly increase in 2025. Orion’s assumption is based on forecasts received from its partner Bayer. However  it is difficult to predict the exact level of product sales and royalties of a strongly growing product for the whole year.The Branded Products business division is estimated to grow in 2025. Growth is anticipated to be driven by the Easyhaler® product portfolio but also other products are expected to support the growth. Entacapone products  for example  benefit from the fact that Orion has taken over the sales of the products in Japan. Animal Health business division is anticipated to grow slightly  with growth coming from various products. The net sales of the Generics and Consumer Health  and Fermion business divisions are estimated to be at a similar level as in 2024.Operating profitThe underlying operating profit growth  i.e. excluding material milestones  is expected to be driven by Nubeqa® royalties. However  it is difficult to predict the exact level of royalties of a strongly growing product for the whole year. Any variance from the predicted level can have a notable impact on Orion’s operating profit. Also  the mechanism by which each quarter’s product deliveries are always fully deducted from the next quarter’s royalty payments is causing fluctuation to operating profit. Even though this impact on operating profit is only temporary  the timing of product deliveries may have notable impact on Orion’s operating profit in one calendar year. Orion’s income is increasingly coming from the United States and thus changes in the US dollar exchange rate cause fluctuations in Orion’s operating profit.Research and development costs  and in particular their timing  can also cause fluctuations in operating profit. Although the future costs of research and development projects are known quite well in advance  there are uncertainties about their timing. The start of projects may be delayed  and projects may progress faster or slower than expected. Projects may also have to be terminated  in which case the anticipated costs will not be fully realised. Orion estimates that R&D costs in 2025 will increase from 2024.Sales and marketing expenses are expected to be at a similar level as in 2024. In 2024  sales and marketing expenses included EUR 23.5 million write down from ganaxolone. In 2025  the growth of underlying sales and marketing expenses is mainly due to growing investments to the Easyhaler® sales in Europe  ramping up the sales and sales force in Japan  and Nubeqa® royalty payable as per an agreement with Endo Pharmaceuticals.Capital expenditureThe Group’s total capital expenditure in 2025 is expected to be at a similar level as in 2024. The estimate of capital expenditure does not include any investments related to any future material product or company acquisition.Near-term risks and uncertaintiesOrion is exposed to risks that may arise from its operations or changes in the operating environment. The most significant risk factors described below can potentially have an adverse effect on Orion’s business operations  financial position or financial results. Other risks  which are currently either unknown or considered immaterial to Orion may  however  become material in the future.Orion’s own production and other operations are exposed to risks that may materially disrupt their operations or even interrupt them at least temporarily. Such risks include  for example  accidents  damages  natural disasters  strikes  employee illness  conflicts  terrorism  cyber-attacks  hybrid influence  disruption of information or communication systems  disruption of energy supply  and disruption of supply and logistics chains. Orion’s production and business operations are dependent on global supply and logistics chains  the inaction of which may lead to low availability of finished products and raw materials  starting materials  semi-finished products  supplies  equipment and spare parts needed in production.Sales of individual products and also Orion’s sales in individual markets may vary  for example depending on the extent to which the ever-tougher price and other competition prevailing in pharmaceutical markets in recent years will specifically focus on Orion’s products. Changes in pharmaceutical or other regulation in individual markets or more broadly  for example at EU level  may affect the sales and profitability of Orion’s products. Changes in overall market demand may also have negative impact on sales.Product deliveries to key partners are based on timetables that are jointly agreed in advance. Nevertheless  they can change  for example as a consequence of decisions concerning adjustments of stock levels. In addition  changes in market prices and exchange rates affect the value of deliveries.Key currencies that carry an exchange rate risk for Orion are the US dollar  the Swedish krona and the Polish zloty. Other significant currencies are the Danish krone and the Norwegian krone. However  the overall effect of the risk arising from currencies of European countries will be abated by the fact that Orion has organisations of its own in most European countries  which means that in addition to sales income there are also costs in these currencies.The current geopolitical conflicts and unrest  and other challenges in the global supply and logistics chains of pharmaceuticals have increased the already elevated risk of supply disruptions. The possible rise of raw material prices and other supply chain costs deteriorates the profitability of Orion’s products  since in the pharmaceutical industry it is very difficult to pass on cost increases to the prices of own products  especially prescription medicines  particularly in Europe. If high cost inflation occurs  it will pose a risk to Orion’s profitability.Authorities and key customers in different countries carry out regular and detailed inspections of drug development and manufacturing at Orion’s sites. Any remedial actions that may be required may at least temporarily have effects that decrease delivery reliability and increase costs. Orion’s product range also contains products manufactured by other pharmaceutical companies and products that Orion manufactures on its own but for which other companies supply active pharmaceutical or other ingredients and components or parts (among these the Easyhaler® products). Possible problems related to the delivery reliability or quality of the products of those manufacturers may cause a risk to Orion’s delivery reliability. The single-channel system used for pharmaceuticals distribution in Finland  in which Orion’s products have been delivered to customers through only one wholesaler  may also cause risks to delivery reliability.Research projects always entail uncertainty factors that may either increase or decrease estimated costs. Although the future costs of research and development projects are known quite well in advance  there are uncertainties about their timing. The start of projects may be delayed  and projects may progress faster or slower than expected having an impact on predicted costs within an individual year. Projects may also have to be terminated  in which case the anticipated costs will not be fully realised. Orion often undertakes the last  in other words Phase III  clinical trials in collaboration with other pharmaceutical companies. Commencement of these collaboration relationships and their structure also materially affect the schedule and cost level of research projects.Collaboration arrangements are an important component of Orion’s business model. Possible collaboration and licensing agreements related to these arrangements also often include payments to be recorded in net sales that may materially affect Orion’s financial results. The payments may be subject to conditions relating to the progress of research projects or sales or to new contracts to be signed  and whether these conditions or contracts materialise and what their timing is  will always entail uncertainties. The upfront and milestone payments paid by Orion to its collaborators  which are recorded as investments in intangible assets in balance sheet  include write-down risk that may be realised if  for example  a collaborative research project fails or otherwise has to be discontinued.Webcast and Conference CallA webcast and a conference call for analysts  investors and media representatives will be held on Tuesday  25 February 2025 at 13.30 EET.A link to the live webcast is available on Orion's website at www.orionpharma.com/investors . A recording of the event will be available on the website later the same day.Conference call can be joined by registering through the following link:https://palvelu.flik.fi/teleconference/?id=5004660Phone numbers and the conference ID to access the conference will be provided after the registration. In case you would like to ask a question during the conference  please dial *5 on your telephone keypad to enter the question queue.Questions can also be presented in writing through the question form of the webcast.Upcoming eventsAnnual General Meeting 2025 planned to be held on 3 April 2025 Interim Report January–March 2025 Wednesday 23 April 2025 Capital Markets Day 2025 Thursday 22 May 2025 Half-Year Financial Report January–June 2025 Friday 18 July 2025 Interim Report January–September 2025 Tuesday 28 October 2025The Financial Statements and the Report of the Board of Directors for 2024 will be published on the Company’s website at the latest in week 11/2025.Espoo  25 February 2025Board of Directors of Orion CorporationFor additional information about the report:Tuukka Hirvonen  Investor Relations  tel. +358 10 426 2721 or +358 50 966 2721Publisher:Orion Corporationhttps://www.orionpharma.comOrion is a globally operating Finnish pharmaceutical company – a builder of well-being for over a hundred years. We develop  manufacture and market human and veterinary pharmaceuticals and active pharmaceutical ingredients. Orion has an extensive portfolio of proprietary and generic medicines and consumer health products. The core therapy areas of our pharmaceutical R&D are oncology and pain. Proprietary products developed by Orion are used to treat cancer  neurological diseases and respiratory diseases  among others. Orion's net sales in 2024 amounted to EUR 1 542 million and the company had about 3 700 employees at the end of the year. Orion's A and B shares are listed on Nasdaq Helsinki.Attachment",neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,positive,0.92,0.08,0.0,True,English,"['Orion Group Financial Statement Release', 'December', 'The Animal Health business division', 'Orion Group Financial Statement Release', 'Consumer Health business division', 'Branded Products business division', 'new enterprise resource planning', 'Innovative Medicines business division', 'five business divisions', 'new licensing agreements', 'new cooperation agreements', 'CEO Liisa Hurme', 'lasting gradual expansion', 'exclusive global license', 'significant milestone payments', 'Interest-bearing net liabilities', 'competitive generic market', 'Orion Pension Fund', 'Easyhaler® product portfolio', 'underlying net sales', 'The Group', 'business combinations', 'The Board', 'The Generics', 'great milestone', 'insurance portfolio', 'Basic earnings', 'operating activities', 'two instalments', 'Key figures', 'Average number', 'positive item', 'ambitious target', 'market sales', 'strong pull', 'great performance', 'large part', 'good performance', 'same time', 'active ingredients', 'various businesses', 'other things', 'geographical footprint', 'sales office', 'huge project', 'ERP) system', 'two highlights', 'commercialisation agreement', 'other candidates', 'ORION CORPORATION', 'Operating profit', 'Cash flow', 'previous year', 'strong year', 'calendar year', 'weaker year', 'Capital expenditure', '100% Equity ratio', 'determined investments', 'long term', 'development expenses', 'comparison period', 'reporting period', 'development projects', 'research network', 'strong growth', 'January–December', 'Year 2024', '25 FEBRUARY', '12:00 EET', 'share', 'Directors', 'dividend', 'EUR', 'Outlook', 'EBITDA', 'taxes', 'Return', 'personnel', 'President', '29.6 percent', '51.5 percent', '20 percent', '30 percent', 'transfer', 'schedule', 'Nubeqa®', 'achievements', 'partner', 'Bayer', 'September', 'companies', 'couple', 'normal', 'Fermion', 'level', 'demand', 'beginning', 'strategy', 'line', 'Japan', 'addition', 'marketing', 'short', 'terms', 'July', 'MSD', 'opevesostat', 'CYP11A1', 'conversio']",2025-02-25,2025-02-26,globenewswire.com
49050,Euroclear,NewsApi.org,https://www.thestar.com.my/news/world/2025/02/26/it039s-time-to-seize-russian-assets-not-just-freeze-them-says-uk039s-lammy,It's time to seize Russian assets  not just freeze them  says UK's Lammy,LONDON (Reuters) - Europe should move from freezing Russian assets to seizing them  British foreign minister David Lammy said on Tuesday  hardening Britain's position on how the West should use bonds and other securities frozen since Russia's invasion of Ukra…,"LONDON (Reuters) - Europe should move from freezing Russian assets to seizing them  British foreign minister David Lammy said on Tuesday  hardening Britain's position on how the West should use bonds and other securities frozen since Russia's invasion of Ukraine.After Russian President Vladimir Putin sent troops into Ukraine in 2022  the United States and its allies prohibited transactions with Russia's central bank and finance ministry  blocking $300-$350 billion of sovereign Russian assets.They are mostly European  U.S. and British government bonds held in a European securities depository.European leaders want to use those assets to help rebuild Ukraine  but have yet to reach an agreement on how to avoid legal challenges or setting a problematic international precedent  with several options under consideration.""Europe has to act quickly  and I believe we should move from freezing assets to seizing assets "" Lammy told parliament when asked if he would support emergency legislation to seize and repurpose the assets to support Ukraine.""It's not an issue on which any government can act alone. We must act with European allies.""Lammy did not elaborate on exactly how he wanted to deal with those assets.In a January debate in parliament on what to do with the frozen assets  foreign office minister for Europe  Stephen Doughty  only went as far as to say Britain was considering ""all lawful measures that we can possibly take to ensure that Ukraine gets the support it needs"".The European Union estimates that some 210 billion euros ($220.58 billion) of the frozen money is held in the bloc  mainly in Euroclear  a Brussels-based securities depository.Some Western officials  especially in the German government and the European Central Bank  have been reluctant to simply confiscate sovereign reserves  warning that such a move could face legal challenges and undermine the euro as a reserve currency.($1 = 0.9520 euros)(Reporting by William James; Editing by Gareth Jones)",neutral,0.02,0.76,0.23,negative,0.0,0.15,0.84,True,English,"['Russian assets', 'time', 'UK', 'Lammy', 'British foreign minister David Lammy', 'Russian President Vladimir Putin', 'foreign office minister', 'problematic international precedent', 'European, U.S.', 'The European Union', 'Brussels-based securities depository', 'European securities depository', 'British government bonds', 'European Central Bank', 'sovereign Russian assets', 'other securities', 'European leaders', 'sovereign reserves', 'European allies', 'United States', 'finance ministry', 'legal challenges', 'several options', 'emergency legislation', 'January debate', 'Stephen Doughty', 'lawful measures', 'Western officials', 'German government', 'reserve currency', 'William James', 'Gareth Jones', 'frozen assets', '210 billion euros', '0.9520 euros', 'LONDON', 'Reuters', 'Tuesday', 'Britain', 'position', 'invasion', 'Ukraine', 'troops', 'transactions', 'agreement', 'consideration', 'parliament', 'issue', 'support', 'money', 'bloc', 'Euroclear', 'move', 'Editing']",2025-02-26,2025-02-26,thestar.com.my
49051,Euroclear,Bing API,https://uk.finance.yahoo.com/news/board-directors-proposals-aktia-bank-214000740.html,Board of Directors' proposals to Aktia Bank Plc’s Annual General Meeting 2025,Shareholders registered in the register of shareholders of the company maintained by Euroclear Finland Ltd on the record date for the dividend payment 7 April 2025 are entitled to the dividend. The Board of Directors proposes that the dividend shall be ...,"Aktia Bank PlcAktia Bank PlcStock Exchange Release26.2.2025 at 11.40 p.m.Board of Directors' proposals to Aktia Bank Plc’s Annual General Meeting 2025The Board of Directors of Aktia Bank Plc (hereinafter ""Aktia"" or ""company"") has decided that the Annual General Meeting will be held on 3 April 2025 at 4.00 p.m. at Pikku-Finlandia  Karamzininranta 4 in Helsinki.The company will publish the invitation to the Annual General Meeting separately later. The invitation will contain more detailed information on registration and attendance at the General Meeting.In addition to the proposals set forth by the Board of Directors below  the proposals of the Shareholders' Nomination Board for the Annual General Meeting 2025 concerning the number of members and election of the Board of Directors and the remuneration of the Board of Directors have been published in a separate Stock Exchange Release on 31 January 2025.Adoption of the financial statements and the consolidated financial statementsThe Board of Directors proposes that the Annual General Meeting will decide on adopting the financial statements. The company’s auditor has recommended adopting the financial statements.Resolution on the use of the profit shown in the balance sheet and the payment of dividendThe Board of Directors proposes that a dividend of EUR 0.82 per share shall be paid for the financial year 2024.Shareholders registered in the register of shareholders of the company maintained by Euroclear Finland Ltd on the record date for the dividend payment 7 April 2025 are entitled to the dividend. The Board of Directors proposes that the dividend shall be paid out on 14 April 2025 in accordance with the rules of Euroclear Finland Ltd.Aktia Bank Plc's Remuneration Report for 2024The Board of Directors proposes to the Annual General Meeting that the Remuneration Report for the company’s governing bodies be confirmed. The Remuneration Report is expected to be published on or about 13 March 2025.Resolution on the auditor's and sustainability reporting assurance provider’s remunerationThe Board of Directors proposes  based on the recommendation of the Board of Directors' Audit Committee  that remuneration shall be paid to the auditor against the auditor’s reasonable invoice. The Board of Directors also proposes that remuneration shall be paid to the sustainability reporting assurance provider against a reasonable invoice for measures related to the assurance of sustainability reporting.Determination of the number of auditors and sustainability reporting assurance providersThe Board of Directors proposes  based on the recommendation of the Board of Directors' Audit Committee  that the number of auditors and sustainability reporting assurance providers shall be one (1).Story continues",neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,neutral,0.01,0.98,0.01,True,English,"['Aktia Bank Plc', 'Annual General Meeting', ""Directors' proposals"", 'Board', 'Aktia Bank Plc Stock Exchange Release', 'separate Stock Exchange Release', 'sustainability reporting assurance provider', 'Euroclear Finland Ltd', 'Annual General Meeting', 'consolidated financial statements', ""Directors' Audit Committee"", 'The Remuneration Report', ""Shareholders' Nomination Board"", 'financial year', 'detailed information', 'balance sheet', 'record date', 'governing bodies', 'reasonable invoice', 'The Board', 'dividend payment', ""Directors' proposals"", 'company', '3 April', 'Pikku-Finlandia', 'Karamzininranta', 'Helsinki', 'invitation', 'registration', 'attendance', 'addition', 'number', 'members', 'election', '31 January', 'Adoption', 'auditor', 'Resolution', 'use', 'profit', 'register', '14 April', 'accordance', 'rules', '13 March', 'recommendation', 'measures', 'Determination', 'Story', '11.40', '4.00', '2024']",2025-02-26,2025-02-26,uk.finance.yahoo.com
49052,Euroclear,Bing API,https://www.assetservicingtimes.com/assetservicesnews/digitalassetsarticle.php?article_id=16486,Bloomberg launch Digital Asset Exposure Analytics,Bloomberg has launched Digital Asset Exposure Analytics  a solution that aims to make it easy for asset managers and banks to assess their direct and indirect exposure to cryptocurrencies. The solution has been launched amid an increase of crypto assets being embedded in products like ETFs.,Bloomberg has launched Digital Asset Exposure Analytics  a solution that aims to make it easy for asset managers and banks to assess their direct and indirect exposure to cryptocurrencies.The solution has been launched amid an increase of crypto assets being embedded in products like ETFs. The tool aims to provide transparency into how much or how little crypto exposure they have embedded within their portfolios.The tool can assess a range of assets including spot currencies  futures  options  and equity tickers for companies with crypto activities  as well as funds holding these assets.Zane Van Dusen  global head of risk and investment analytics products at Bloomberg  says: “We developed intuitive analytics building off our interoperable datasets so clients can quickly and confidently understand their degree of cryptocurrency exposure and adjust it to match their investment strategy.”Next digital assets article →Euroclear and Digital Asset launch tokenised collateral mobility initiative,neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,neutral,0.02,0.98,0.0,True,English,"['Digital Asset Exposure Analytics', 'Bloomberg', 'tokenised collateral mobility initiative', 'Next digital assets article', 'Digital Asset Exposure Analytics', 'Zane Van Dusen', 'little crypto exposure', 'investment analytics products', 'intuitive analytics', 'indirect exposure', 'cryptocurrency exposure', 'asset managers', 'investment strategy', 'crypto assets', 'crypto activities', 'spot currencies', 'equity tickers', 'global head', 'interoperable datasets', 'Bloomberg', 'solution', 'banks', 'cryptocurrencies', 'increase', 'ETFs', 'tool', 'transparency', 'portfolios', 'range', 'futures', 'options', 'companies', 'funds', 'risk', 'clients', 'degree', 'Euroclear']",2025-02-26,2025-02-26,assetservicingtimes.com
49053,Euroclear,Bing API,https://www.crowdfundinsider.com/2025/02/236743-euroclear-and-digital-asset-work-to-proved-tokenized-collateral-mobility/,Euroclear and Digital Asset Work to Proved Tokenized Collateral Mobility,Euroclear and Digital Asset are partnering on the mobility of collateral assets using the Canton Network. The Euroclear group comprises Euroclear Bank  the International CSD  and other subsidiaries providing post-trade services like custody and settlement.,Euroclear and Digital Asset are partnering on the mobility of collateral assets using the Canton Network. The Euroclear group comprises Euroclear Bank  the International CSD  and other subsidiaries providing post-trade services like custody and settlement.,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,neutral,0.02,0.97,0.0,True,English,"['Tokenized Collateral Mobility', 'Digital Asset', 'Euroclear', 'The Euroclear group', 'Digital Asset', 'collateral assets', 'Canton Network', 'Euroclear Bank', 'International CSD', 'other subsidiaries', 'post-trade services', 'mobility', 'custody', 'settlement']",2025-02-26,2025-02-26,crowdfundinsider.com
49054,Euroclear,Bing API,https://www.taiwannews.com.tw/en/news/6046858,Bank of Åland Plc: Notice to convene the Annual General Meeting,Bank of Åland Plc Notice to convene general meeting February 26  2025  17.15 EET. Notice to convene the Annual General Meeting. Notice is hereby given to the shareholders of the,Bank of Åland PlcNotice to convene general meetingFebruary 26  2025  17.15 EET.Notice to convene the Annual General MeetingNotice is hereby given to the shareholders of the Bank of Åland Plc (Ålandsbanken Abp) of the Annual General Meeting (AGM) to be held at 3.00 p.m. Finnish time (15.00 EET) on Tuesday  March 25  2025 at the Alandica Kultur & Kongress auditorium  Strandgatan 33  Mariehamn  Åland  Finland.The reception of persons who have registered to participate in the Meeting and the distribution of voting tickets will commence at 2.00 p.m. on the above date.A. Matters on the agenda of the Annual General MeetingThe following matters will be dealt with at the Meeting:1. Opening of the Meeting2. Calling the Meeting to order3. Election of persons to check the minutes and to supervise the counting of votes4. Verification of the legality of the Meeting5. Verification of attendance at the Meeting and adoption of the voting list6. Presentation of the financial statements  the Report of the Directors and the Auditors’ Report for 2024Managing Director’s review.7. Adoption of the financial statements8. Decision on allocation of the profit shown in the balance sheet and dividend distributionThe Board of Directors proposes that a dividend of EUR 2.40 per share plus an extra dividend of EUR 0.35 per share shall be paid for the financial year January 1 – December 31  2024  that the record date for dividend payment shall be Thursday  March 27  2025 and that the payment date shall be Thursday  April 3  2025.9. Decision on granting discharge from liability to the members of the Board of Directors and the Managing Director for the financial year January 1 – December 31  202410. Presentation and adoption of the compensation report11. Decision on the number of members on the Board of DirectorsIt is proposed that the number of Board members shall be set at seven.12. Decision on fees for the members of the BoardThe Board of Directors proposes an unchanged annual fee for its Chairman (EUR 37 000)  the Deputy Chairman (EUR 31 500) and each other Board member (EUR 29 000). The Board also proposes an unchanged fee per meeting attended for the Chairman (EUR 1 000) and for each other Board member (EUR 750).It shall be noted that the fee per meeting for Board members’ attendance at meetings of the committees appointed by the Board is EUR 750 per Board member and EUR 1 000 for the committee Chairman. In addition  it shall be noted that compensation for travel and accommodation expenses as well as daily subsistence allowances are paid in compliance with the instructions of tax authorities and the Bank’s travel guidelines.13. Election of Board membersThe Nomination Committee proposes the re-election of Board members Anders Å Karlsson  Nils Lampi  Mirel Leino-Haltia  Malin Lombardi  Christoffer Taxell  Ulrika Valassi and Anders Wiklöf for a term of office that will run until the closing of the next AGM.14. Decision on the auditors’ feesIn accordance with the recommendation of the Audit Committee  the Board of Directors proposes that the auditors’ fees be paid as invoiced.15. Decision on the number of auditorsThe Board of Directors proposes that the number of auditors shall be unchanged  that is  one auditor.16. Election of auditorsIn accordance with the recommendation of the Audit Committee  the Board of Directors proposes the re-election of the authorised accounting firm of KPMG Oy Ab  with Henry Maarala (KHT) as auditor in charge  for a term of office that will run until the closing of the next AGM.17. Decision on the sustainability auditors’ feesIn accordance with the recommendation of the Audit Committee  the Board of Directors proposes that the sustainability auditors’ fees be paid as invoiced.18. Election of sustainability auditorsIn accordance with the recommendation of the Audit Committee  the Board of Directors proposes the election of the authorised accounting firm of KPMG Oy Ab  with Henry Maarala (KHT) as auditor in charge  for a term of office that will run until the closing of the next AGM. KPMG Oy Ab has informed the Bank that certified sustainability auditor Henry Maarala will be the sustainability auditor in charge.19. Closing of the MeetingB. General Meeting documentsThe above-mentioned proposals by the Board of Directors  this notice convening the Annual General Meeting (AGM) and other documents that shall be available as provided by the Finnish Companies Act are found on the website of the Bank of Åland Plc  www.alandsbanken.fi in Swedish.The Board’s proposals and the accounting documents will also be available at the Company’s Head Office and at the AGM. Copies of these documents and of this notice convening the AGM will be sent to shareholders upon request.C. Instruction for participants in the Annual General Meeting1. Shareholders listed in the Company’s shareholder registerShareholders who were listed on March 13  2025 (the record date for the AGM) in the Company’s shareholder register  which is maintained by Euroclear Finland Ab  are entitled to participate in the Meeting. A shareholder whose shares are registered in his or her Finnish personal book-entry securities account is listed in the Company’s shareholder register.Shareholders wishing to participate in the AGM must register no later than 12 noon on Thursday  March 20  2025.They may register for the AGM:a) via the internet at the address www.alandsbanken.fi/bolagsstammab) by telephone at +358 18 29 011;c) by letter addressed to Bank of Åland Plc  PB 3  AX-22101 Mariehamn  Åland  Finland.When registering  please state the shareholder’s name  personal identity code or business ID number and the name of any assistant or authorised representative and the representative’s personal identity code. These personal data will be used only for purposes attributable to the AGM and for processing of registrations related to this.If needed  the shareholder and his/her authorised representative must be able to prove their identity and/or authorisation at the Meeting venue.2. Holders of nominee-registered sharesA holder of nominee-registered shares is entitled to participate in the AGM on the basis of the shares he or she would be entitled to be listed on March 13  2025 (the record date for the AGM) in the Shareholder Register maintained by Euroclear Finland Ab. Participation also requires that on the basis of these shares  no later than 10.00 a.m. on March 20  2025 the shareholder has been listed in the temporary shareholder register maintained by Euroclear Finland Ab. In the case of nominee-registered shares  this shall be counted as registration for the AGM. Changes in the shareholding after the record date for the AGM shall not affect the right to participate in the AGM or the shareholder’s number of votes.Registration shall be carried out by the asset manager’s account administrator no later than the above-mentioned deadline. A holder of nominee-registered shares is urged to request instructions well in advance from his or her asset manager regarding entry into the temporary shareholder register  issuance of powers of attorney and registration for the AGM. The asset manager’s account managing institution shall register the holder of nominee-registered shares who wishes to participate in the AGM in the Company’s temporary shareholder register no later than the above-mentioned deadline.3. Authorised representatives and powers of attorneyShareholders may participate in the AGM and exercise their rights at the Meeting through authorised representatives. A shareholder’s authorised representative must show a dated power of attorney or otherwise prove in a reliable manner that he or she is authorised to represent the shareholder.If a shareholder is represented at the Meeting by more than one authorised representatives  who represent a shareholder with shares in different book-entry securities accounts  at the time of registration the shareholder must state on the basis of which shares each authorised representative is representing the shareholder.Any original powers of attorney should be sent to the Bank of Åland Plc  PB 3  AX-22101 Mariehamn  Åland  Finland and be in the possession of the Company before the expiration of the registration period. Please label the envelope “Annual General Meeting” or “AGM”. Alternatively  a copy of the power of attorney may be sent by e-mail to [email protected]  in which case the original power of attorney shall be shown at the AGM.4. Other instructions and informationShareholders who attend the Meeting are entitled to ask questions concerning matters being dealt with at the Meeting  pursuant to Chapter 5  Section 25 of the Finnish Companies Act.On the date of this Notice convening the Annual General Meeting  the number of shares in the Bank of Åland Plc totals 6 476 138 Series A shares  which represent 129 522 760 votes  and 8 890 781 Series B shares  which represent 8 890 781 votes  or 15 366 919 shares and 138 413 541 votes in all. Each Series A share has 20 votes at the Meeting and each Series B share has one vote  but subject to the limitation on voting rights stipulated in the Articles of Association  Section 7.Mariehamn  February 25  2025Board of Directors,neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,True,English,"['Annual General Meeting', 'Åland Plc', 'Bank', 'Notice', 'B. General Meeting documents', 'daily subsistence allowances', 'KPMG Oy Ab', 'Anders Wiklöf', 'Finnish Companies Act', 'Euroclear Finland Ab', 'Annual General Meeting', 'unchanged annual fee', 'The Nomination Committee', 'other Board member', 'sustainability auditors’ fees', 'Board members’ attendance', 'other documents', 'Finnish time', 'unchanged fee', 'Anders Å Karlsson', 'accounting documents', 'Audit Committee', 'Ålandsbanken Abp', 'Alandica Kultur', 'Kongress auditorium', 'voting tickets', 'A. Matters', 'following matters', 'voting list', 'financial statements', 'Managing Director', 'balance sheet', 'financial year', 'accommodation expenses', 'tax authorities', 'Nils Lampi', 'Mirel Leino-Haltia', 'Malin Lombardi', 'Christoffer Taxell', 'Ulrika Valassi', 'accounting firm', 'Henry Maarala', 'C. Instruction', 'shareholder register', 'The Board', 'Åland Plc', 'extra dividend', 'record date', 'dividend payment', 'payment date', 'committee Chairman', 'one auditor', 'Auditors’ Report', 'Deputy Chairman', 'travel guidelines', 'next AGM', 'dividend distribution', 'Head Office', 'compensation report', 'Notice', 'February', 'shareholders', 'Tuesday', 'March', 'Strandgatan', 'Mariehamn', 'reception', 'persons', 'agenda', 'Opening', 'Election', 'minutes', 'votes', 'Verification', 'legality', 'adoption', 'Presentation', 'Directors', 'review', 'Decision', 'allocation', 'profit', 'December', 'Thursday', 'April', 'discharge', 'liability', 'number', 'meetings', 'committees', 'addition', 'compliance', 'instructions', 'term', 'closing', 'accordance', 'recommendation', 'KHT', 'proposals', 'website', 'alandsbanken', 'Swedish', 'Company', 'Copies', 'request', 'participants', '3.00', '2.00', '4.', '2024', '9.']",2025-02-26,2025-02-26,taiwannews.com.tw
49055,Euroclear,Bing API,https://www.finanznachrichten.de/nachrichten-2025-02/64665609-arctic-minerals-ab-arctic-minerals-announces-that-the-board-of-directors-has-resolved-on-the-record-date-for-the-reverse-share-split-399.htm,Arctic Minerals AB: Arctic Minerals announces that the board of directors has resolved on the record date for the reverse share split,"At the Extraordinary General Meeting of Arctic Minerals AB (publ) (""Arctic Minerals"" or the ""Company"") on 9 December 2024  it was resolved on a reverse share split of the Company's shares  whereby ten","At the Extraordinary General Meeting of Arctic Minerals AB (publ) (""Arctic Minerals"" or the ""Company"") on 9 December 2024  it was resolved on a reverse share split of the Company's shares  whereby ten (10) existing shares shall be consolidated into one (1) share (Sw. sammanläggning 1:10) (the ""Reverse Share Split""). The board of directors was further authorised to determine the record date for the Reverse Share Split. The board of directors has today  on 26 February 2025  resolved that the record date for the Reverse Share Split shall be on 5 March 2025.The reverse share splitThe board of directors' resolution entails that the last day of trading in the Company's share  before the Reverse Share Split  will be on 3 March 2025  and the first day of trading in the Company's share  after the Reverse Share Split  will be on 4 March 2025. This means that the share price as of 4 March 2025  will reflect the effect of the Reverse Share Split. As a result of the Reverse Share Split  the Company's share will have a new ISIN code as of 4 March 2025: SE0024172779.Shareholders will automatically receive a new  lower number of shares in proportion to the number of shares held on the record date. If a shareholder's shareholding on the record date does not correspond to a full number of new shares  i.e.  is not evenly divisible by ten (10)  such shareholder will receive as many shares as necessary free of charge (1-9) that their shareholding  after adding the shares provided  becomes evenly divisible by ten (10)  so-called rounding up. Provision of shares is made through Euroclear Sweden AB  without the need for further measures to be taken by shareholders.Following the Reverse Share Split  the number of shares and votes in the Company will correspond to 40 002 719  each share with a quota value of SEK 0.04.Timetable for the Reverse Share SplitThe following timetable applies to the Reverse Share Split:Date Action 26 February 2025 Decision on the record date for the Reverse Share Split. 3 March 2025 Last day of trading in the Company's share before the Reverse Share Split. 4 March 2025 First day of trading in the Company's share following the Reverse Share Split. As of this date  the share price reflects the effect of the Reverse Share Split. 5 March 2025 Record date for the Reverse Share Split. 6 March 2025 The new number of shares is expected to be registered in each shareholder's VPC account.Certified AdvisorUB Corporate Finance Oy  of Helsinki  Finland  (www.unitedbankers.fi) is the Company's Certified Advisor on Nasdaq First North Growth Market  Stockholm.OtherThe Company's shares are listed on Nasdaq First North Growth Market  Stockholm under the trade designation ""ARCT"".For further informationsee the Company's website at www.arcticminerals.se or contact:Peter George  Director(+61) 439 731012peter.george@arcticminerals.seAbout Arctic MineralsArctic Minerals is a Nordic mineral exploration company exploring for copper  gold and battery metals in the Nordics.. Stay up to date with the latest developments for Arctic Minerals via the Company's social media at X  Facebook  LinkedIn  Instagram and YouTube.The information was submitted for publication  through the agency of the contact person set out above  at 12.00 a.m. CET on 26 February 2025.",neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,neutral,0.01,0.98,0.01,True,English,"['reverse share split', 'Arctic Minerals', 'record date', 'AB', 'board', 'directors', 'Nasdaq First North Growth Market', 'UB Corporate Finance Oy', 'Nordic mineral exploration company', 'Extraordinary General Meeting', 'Sw. sammanläggning', 'Euroclear Sweden AB', 'new ISIN code', 'reverse share split', 'Arctic Minerals AB', 'new, lower number', 'ten (10) existing shares', 'first day', '5 March 2025 Record date', 'one (1) share', 'share price', 'new number', 'last day', 'quota value', 'VPC account', 'Certified Advisor', 'trade designation', 'battery metals', 'latest developments', 'social media', 'Date Action', 'new shares', 'full number', 'following timetable', 'contact person', 'many shares', ""directors' resolution"", 'Peter George', '3 March', '4 March', '9 December', 'board', '26 February', 'trading', 'effect', 'result', 'Shareholders', 'proportion', 'shareholding', 'charge', 'Provision', 'need', 'measures', 'votes', 'SEK', 'Decision', 'Helsinki', 'Finland', 'unitedbankers', 'Stockholm', 'Other', 'information', 'website', 'arcticminerals', 'copper', 'gold', 'Nordics', 'Facebook', 'LinkedIn', 'Instagram', 'YouTube', 'publication', 'agency', '12.00']",2025-02-06,2025-02-26,finanznachrichten.de
49056,Euroclear,Bing API,https://tass.com/economy/1919037,US wants to talk Russia's frozen assets  American companies with Moscow — state secretary,WASHINGTON  February 25. /TASS/. The United States seeks to discuss with Russia not only the issue of frozen Russian assets but also the impact on American companies if the conflict in Ukraine is resolved  US Secretary of State Marco Rubio told Breitbart News in an interview.,"WASHINGTON  February 25. /TASS/. The United States seeks to discuss with Russia not only the issue of frozen Russian assets but also the impact on American companies if the conflict in Ukraine is resolved  US Secretary of State Marco Rubio told Breitbart News in an interview.""The president’s talked about that there are opportunities to work together. And obviously that's going to entail talking about not just Russian assets that have been seized by America  by the Europeans or the US  but also American companies that have been hurt. So that'll have to be brought a part of a broader conversation about how to reset our relations "" he said.Rubio emphasized that such talks cannot begin until a sustainable ceasefire is achieved in Ukraine.Following the start of the special military operation  the EU  Canada  the US  and Japan froze approximately $300 billion in Russian assets. Of this total  around $5-6 billion is held in the United States  while the majority is in Europe  including $210 billion on the Euroclear international platform in Belgium.Russian Foreign Ministry Spokeswoman Maria Zakharova warned earlier that Moscow would immediately take retaliatory steps against the potential confiscation of its assets abroad.",neutral,0.01,0.89,0.1,negative,0.0,0.22,0.78,True,English,"['frozen assets', 'American companies', 'state secretary', 'US', 'Moscow', 'Russian Foreign Ministry Spokeswoman Maria Zakharova', 'special military operation', 'Euroclear international platform', 'The United States', 'State Marco Rubio', 'Russian assets', 'American companies', 'Breitbart News', 'broader conversation', 'sustainable ceasefire', 'retaliatory steps', 'potential confiscation', 'US Secretary', 'WASHINGTON', 'February', 'TASS', 'issue', 'impact', 'conflict', 'Ukraine', 'interview', 'president', 'opportunities', 'Europeans', 'part', 'relations', 'talks', 'start', 'Canada', 'Japan', 'total', 'majority', 'Belgium', 'Moscow', 'abroad']",2025-02-25,2025-02-26,tass.com
49057,Deutsche Boerse,Bing API,https://markets.businessinsider.com/news/stocks/eqs-adhoc-einhell-germany-ag-preliminary-business-figures-for-2024-significant-increase-in-dividend-1034410284,EQS-Adhoc: Einhell Germany AG: Preliminary business figures for 2024 / Significant increase in dividend,Einhell Germany AG (ISIN: DE 000A40ESU3))  listed in the Prime Standard of Deutsche Börse AG  announces the following:,EQS-Ad-hoc: Einhell Germany AG / Key word(s): Preliminary Results/DividendEinhell Germany AG: Preliminary business figures for 2024 / Significant increase in dividend26-Feb-2025 / 11:22 CET/CESTDisclosure of an inside information acc. to Article 17 MAR of the Regulation (EU) No 596/2014  transmitted by EQS News - a service of EQS Group.The issuer is solely responsible for the content of this announcement.Preliminary business figures for 2024Significant increase in dividendEinhell Germany AG (ISIN: DE 000A40ESU3))  listed in the Prime Standard of Deutsche Börse AG  announces the following:The Einhell Group once again achieved record sales in the past financial year after presenting its preliminary business figures. Group revenue for 2024 amounts to EUR 1 108.5 million compared to EUR 971.5 million in the previous year.The Einhell Group achieved earnings before taxes of EUR 98.5 million in 2024 (previous year: EUR 75.4 million). The pre-tax return was 8.9% (previous year: 7.8%).Before PPA and tax  the result will amount to EUR 100.1 million.The Einhell Group continues to have a very solid balance sheet structure with an equity ratio of around 45%.Sales of EUR 1 150 million - EUR 1 175 million and a pre-tax return of 8.5% - 9.0% are expected for 2025.Due to the very good business performance  the Supervisory Board and the Management Board have decided to propose a significantly higher dividend to the Annual General Meeting.According to this proposal  an increased dividend of EUR 1.50 per preference share (previous year: EUR 0.97) and EUR 1.48 per ordinary share (previous year: EUR 0.95) will be proposed to the Annual General Meeting.Landau/Isar  February 26  2025The Management board,neutral,0.02,0.98,0.0,positive,0.74,0.25,0.0,True,English,"['Einhell Germany AG', 'Preliminary business figures', 'Significant increase', 'EQS-Adhoc', 'dividend', '2024', 'solid balance sheet structure', 'Deutsche Börse AG', 'Einhell Germany AG', 'Key word(s', 'good business performance', 'Annual General Meeting', 'Preliminary business figures', 'The Einhell Group', 'past financial year', 'The Management board', 'Preliminary Results', 'EQS Group', 'Group revenue', 'Supervisory Board', 'previous year', 'Significant increase', 'inside information', 'EQS News', 'Prime Standard', 'pre-tax return', 'equity ratio', 'preference share', 'ordinary share', 'record sales', 'higher dividend', 'CEST', 'Disclosure', 'Article', 'MAR', 'Regulation', 'service', 'issuer', 'content', 'announcement', 'ISIN', 'earnings', 'taxes', 'PPA', 'proposal', 'EUR', 'Isar', 'February', '2024', '2025']",2025-02-26,2025-02-26,markets.businessinsider.com
49058,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2025/02/25/3032411/0/en/DBV-Technologies-to-Participate-in-Upcoming-AAAAI-WAO-Joint-Congress.html,DBV Technologies to Participate in Upcoming AAAAI/WAO Joint Congress,Châtillon  France  February 25  2025  DBV Technologies to Participate in Upcoming AAAAI/WAO Joint Congress  DBV Technologies (Euronext: DBV – ISIN:......,"Châtillon  France  February 25  2025DBV Technologies to Participate in Upcoming AAAAI/WAO Joint CongressDBV Technologies (Euronext: DBV – ISIN: FR0010417345 – Nasdaq Stock Market: DBVT)  a clinical-stage biopharmaceutical company  today announced that the company will participate in the American Academy of Allergy  Asthma  and Immunology and World Allergy Organization (AAAAI/WAO) Joint Congress  February 28-March 3  2025  in San Diego  CA.An oral abstract presentation by Dr. David Fleischer  FAAAAI  FACAAI  Professor of Pediatrics at Children’s Hospital Colorado  will describe Month 60 (M60)  end-of-study efficacy and safety results from PEOPLE (the open-label extension of the 12-month  double-blind placebo-controlled  Phase 3 PEPITES study in peanut allergic children aged 4-11 years). All eligible participants who enrolled in PEOPLE were treated with VIASKIN® peanut patch for up to 60 months. Highlights from the presentation include:Among PEOPLE participants  the percentage of treatment responders (per PEPITES criteria) increased from 39.1% at PEPITES completion to 52.9% at M36 to 73.3% at M60 (versus 88% at M60 among PEOPLE participants who completed the double-blind  placebo-controlled food challenge [DBPCFC] at M60).Participants achieving an eliciting dose (ED) ≥1000 mg of peanut protein (the equivalent of 3-4 peanut kernels) increased from 33.3% at PEPITES completion to 48.3% at M36 to 66.7% at M60 (versus 80% at M60 among participants who completed the DBPCFC at M60).Similarly  participants achieving an ED ≥2000 mg of peanut protein (the equivalent of 6-8 peanut kernels) increased from 2.3% at PEPITES completion to 16.1% at M36 to 33.3% at M60 (versus 40.0% at M60 among participants who completed the DBPCFC at M60).Most TEAEs were mild to moderate local skin reactions and decreased in frequency and severity over time.Overall mean treatment compliance at five years remained high at 93.1%.Dr. Fleischer will also deliver a presentation on epicutaneous immunotherapy with the VIASKIN peanut patch and its clinical profile at the American Association of Allergists and Immunologists of Indian Origin (AAAII) Semi-Annual Meeting and Symposium  February 28  2025  in San Diego  CA. The presentation will describe the immunological properties of the skin as a potent route for food allergen desensitization.Professors Hugh Sampson  MD  of the Icahn School of Medicine at Mount Sinai (New York  NY)  Helen Brough  MBBS  PhD  of Guy's and St Thomas'​ NHS Foundation Trust (London  UK)  and moderator Douglas Mack  MSc  MD  of McMaster University (Ontario  Canada)  will discuss key attributes of epicutaneous immunotherapy resulting from the skin’s unique capabilities  including controlled allergen delivery  reduced systemic exposure risk  and non-invasive  simple administration  at DBV’s non-CME Product Theater titled  “From Trigger to Tolerance: Harnessing the Skin’s Dual role with Epicutaneous Immunotherapy”. The Product Theater is scheduled for Saturday  March 1  from 10:00 a.m. to 10:30 a.m. PST in the San Diego Convention Center  Exhibit Hall A.DBV will host a booth (#1740) in the AAAAI/WAO Joint Congress exhibit hall where attendees can learn more about epicutaneous immunotherapy with the VIASKIN® peanut patch  including the company’s ongoing and planned clinical trials in peanut-allergic children.“The compelling five-year results from the PEPITES open label extension that are being presented at this year’s AAAAI/WAO Joint Congress help to further characterize the long-term efficacy and safety of the VIASKIN® peanut patch and add to the growing body of evidence  which demonstrates its potential as a breakthrough treatment for children suffering from peanut allergy if approved ” stated Pharis Mohideen  Chief Medical Officer of DBV. “Perhaps most notably from the PEOPLE data  treatment benefit continued to accumulate over time  with approximately 2/3 of study subjects reaching an ED of 1 000 mg or more of peanut protein  approximately equivalent to 3-4 peanut kernels  at Month 60  while the incidence of adverse events – most of which were mild-to-moderate local skin reactions – decreased in frequency and severity over that same time period.”“The fact that treatment compliance exceeded 93% at five years gives us confidence in VIASKIN® peanut patch’s ability to become a practical new treatment option in peanut allergy upon approval. To that end  we are committed to efficiently completing the remaining studies in support of two distinct regulatory submissions – one in toddlers aged 1-3 years  and one in children aged 4-7 years ” concluded Dr. Mohideen.DBV Presentation Details:Oral Abstract Presentation at the AAAAI/WAO 2025 Joint Congress“Long-Term Efficacy Results of Epicutaneous Immunotherapy With VIASKIN® Peanut Patch in Peanut-Allergic Children Aged 4-11 Years in the Phase 3 PEOPLE Study” will be presented by Dr. David Fleischer.Session: 4605 - Latest on Treatment Outcomes in Food Allergy and Eosinophilic EsophagitisPresentation date: March 3Presentation time: 1:30-1:40pm PSTPresentation location: San Diego Convention Center  Upper Level  Room 11BPresentation at the American Association of Allergists and Immunologists of Indian Origin (AAAII) Semi-Annual Meeting and Symposium""Understanding the Skin as a Potent Route for Food Allergen Desensitization"" will be presented by Dr. David Fleischer.Presentation date: February 28Presentation time: 7:00-7:30pm PSTPresentation location: San Diego Marriott Marquis Marina  Room Marina EAbout DBV TechnologiesDBV Technologies is a clinical-stage biopharmaceutical company developing treatment options for food allergies and other immunologic conditions with significant unmet medical need. DBV is currently focused on investigating the use of its proprietary VIASKIN® patch technology to address food allergies  which are caused by a hypersensitive immune reaction and characterized by a range of symptoms varying in severity from mild to life-threatening anaphylaxis. Millions of people live with food allergies  including young children. Through epicutaneous immunotherapy (EPIT™)  the VIASKIN® patch is designed to introduce microgram amounts of a biologically active compound to the immune system through intact skin. EPIT is a new class of non-invasive treatment that seeks to modify an individual’s underlying allergy by re-educating the immune system to become desensitized to allergen by leveraging the skin’s immune tolerizing properties. DBV is committed to transforming the care of food allergic people. The Company’s food allergy programs include ongoing clinical trials of VIASKIN Peanut in peanut allergic toddlers (1 through 3 years of age) and children (4 through 7 years of age).DBV Technologies is headquartered in Châtillon  France  with North American operations in Warren  NJ. The Company’s ordinary shares are traded on segment B of Euronext Paris (Ticker: DBV  ISIN code: FR0010417345) and the Company’s ADSs (each representing five ordinary shares) are traded on the Nasdaq Capital Market (Ticker: DBVT; CUSIP: 23306J309).For more information  please visit www.dbv-technologies.com and engage with us on X (formerly Twitter) and LinkedIn.Forward Looking StatementsThis press release may contain forward-looking statements and estimates  including statements regarding the therapeutic potential of VIASKIN® Peanut patch and EPIT™  designs of DBV’s anticipated clinical trials  DBV’s planned regulatory and clinical efforts including timing and results of communications with regulatory agencies  plans and expectations regarding initiation of the confirmatory study  plans and expectations with respect to the submission of BLAs to FDA  anticipated support for the BLA submission    and the ability of any of DBV’s product candidates  if approved  to improve the lives of patients with food allergies. These forward-looking statements and estimates are not promises or guarantees and involve substantial risks and uncertainties. At this stage  DBV’s product candidates have not been authorized for sale in any country. Among the factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those described or projected herein include uncertainties associated generally with research and development  clinical trials and related regulatory reviews and approvals  and DBV’s ability to successfully execute on its budget discipline measures. A further list and description of risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from those set forth in the forward-looking statements in this press release can be found in DBV’s regulatory filings with the French Autorité des Marchés Financiers (“AMF”)  DBV’s filings and reports with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (“SEC”)  including in DBV’s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31  2023  filed with the SEC on March 7  2024  and future filings and reports made with the AMF and SEC by DBV. Existing and prospective investors are cautioned not to place undue reliance on these forward-looking statements and estimates  which speak only as of the date hereof. Other than as required by applicable law  DBV Technologies undertakes no obligation to update or revise the information contained in this Press Release.Viaskin is a registered trademark and EPIT is a trademark of DBV Technologies.Investor ContactKatie MatthewsDBV Technologieskatie.matthews@dbv-technologies.comMedia ContactAngela MarcucciDBV Technologiesangela.marcucci@dbv-technologies.comAttachment",neutral,0.02,0.98,0.0,mixed,0.33,0.15,0.52,True,English,"['Upcoming AAAAI/WAO Joint Congress', 'DBV Technologies', '12-month, double-blind placebo-controlled, Phase 3 PEPITES study', ""St Thomas'\u200b NHS Foundation Trust"", 'AAAAI/WAO Joint Congress exhibit hall', 'double-blind, placebo-controlled food challenge', 'two distinct regulatory submissions', 'Upcoming AAAAI/WAO Joint Congress', 'PEPITES open label extension', 'Overall mean treatment compliance', 'practical new treatment option', 'San Diego Convention Center', 'moderate local skin reactions', 'AAAAI/WAO) Joint Congress', 'AAAAI/WAO 2025 Joint Congress', 'Exhibit Hall A.', 'Phase 3 PEOPLE Study', 'Nasdaq Stock Market', 'up to 60 months', 'AAAII) Semi-Annual Meeting', 'food allergen desensitization', 'Professors Hugh Sampson', 'controlled allergen delivery', 'systemic exposure risk', 'CME Product Theater', 'The Product Theater', 'Chief Medical Officer', 'VIASKIN® peanut patch', '3-4 peanut kernels', '6-8 peanut kernels', 'VIASKIN peanut patch', 'compelling five-year results', 'Dr. David Fleischer', 'World Allergy Organization', 'oral abstract presentation', 'same time period', 'clinical-stage biopharmaceutical company', 'Long-Term Efficacy Results', 'peanut allergic children', 'DBV Presentation Details', 'study efficacy', 'study subjects', 'Dr. Fleischer', 'open-label extension', 'PEPITES criteria', 'PEPITES completion', 'New York', 'Food Allergy', 'peanut protein', 'peanut allergy', 'treatment responders', 'breakthrough treatment', 'treatment benefit', 'Treatment Outcomes', 'Dr. Mohideen', 'safety results', 'Châtillon', 'American Academy', '4-11 years', 'eliciting dose', 'Most TEAEs', 'five years', 'epicutaneous immunotherapy', 'clinical profile', 'American Association', 'Indian Origin', 'immunological properties', 'potent route', 'Icahn School', 'Mount Sinai', 'Helen Brough', 'Douglas Mack', 'McMaster University', 'key attributes', 'unique capabilities', 'Dual role', 'clinical trials', 'growing body', 'Pharis Mohideen', 'adverse events', 'remaining studies', 'Eosinophilic Esophagitis', 'Presentation date', 'Presentation locat', 'PEOPLE data', 'Presentation time', 'peanut-allergic children', 'DBV Technologies', 'eligible participants', 'PEOPLE participants', '10:00 a', '10:30 a', 'DBV.', 'France', 'February', 'Euronext', 'ISIN', 'DBVT', 'Asthma', 'Immunology', 'March', 'FAAAAI', 'FACAAI', 'Pediatrics', 'Hospital', 'Colorado', 'Month 60', 'Highlights', 'percentage', 'M36', 'M60', '≥1000 mg', 'equivalent', 'DBPCFC', '≥2000 mg', 'frequency', 'severity', 'Allergists', 'Immunologists', 'Symposium', 'MD', 'Medicine', 'MBBS', 'PhD', 'Guy', 'London', 'UK', 'moderator', 'MSc', 'Ontario', 'Canada', 'Trigger', 'Tolerance', 'Saturday', 'booth', 'attendees', 'ongoing', 'evidence', 'potential', '2/3', '1,000 mg', 'incidence', 'fact', 'confidence', 'ability', 'approval', 'support', 'toddlers', 'Session', '40pm']",2025-02-25,2025-02-26,globenewswire.com
49059,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2025/02/25/3032289/0/en/IBA-and-Jabil-sign-contract-to-install-a-Be-Wide-X-ray-solution-in-Mississippi-USA.html,IBA and Jabil sign contract to install a Be-Wide X-ray solution in Mississippi  USA,Louvain-la-Neuve  Belgium  February 25  2025 – IBA (Ion Beam Applications S.A.  EURONEXT)  the world leader in particle accelerator technology and......,Louvain-la-Neuve  Belgium  February 25  2025 – IBA (Ion Beam Applications S.A.  EURONEXT)  the world leader in particle accelerator technology and electron beam and X-ray solutions for industrial irradiation  and Jabil Inc. a global leader in engineering  manufacturing  and supply chain solutions  announced today they have signed a contract for the installation of a Be-Wide X-ray solution in a greenfield site in Byhalia  Mississippi  USA  to expand Jabil’s sterilization capabilities.The Be Wide X-ray solution  powered by IBA’s Rhodotron® accelerator  will enhance Jabil's portfolio  offering advanced high-scale sterilization technology for a diverse range of medical devices. It includes a full-size pallet conveyor  Beagle production line control system  and Building Safety System.Jabil went on to state that this investment in IBA’s Be Wide solution and their global network ensures efficiency  reliability  and scalability to meet global customer needs while maintaining high safety and compliance standards. It will allow them to support large-scale production with global capacity  quality  and integrated capabilities  including sterilization cycle documentation  logistics  and procurement.Construction of the new Jabil facility is expected to be completed during the second half of 2026 and they expect full operational capability of the Be Wide solution in late 2027. IBA will install and test the system  as well as train Jabil’s team.Mike Mahaz  Senior Vice President of Healthcare Division at Jabil  commented:” Jabil is pleased to partner with IBA to expand our sterilization services with industrial X-ray irradiation  strategically located near Memphis. IBA’s expertise ensures our X-ray services will operate with the utmost care and quality.”Thomas Servais  President of IBA Industrial Solutions  added: “We are proud to support Jabil Healthcare on this transformative step. Our Be Wide X-ray Solution not only expands their global sterilization capabilities but also ensures they have the latest in scalable irradiation processing for a complete range of products  meeting the growing demands of the medical device industry.”The typical price for a Be Wide X-ray solution with customization ranges from EUR 16 million to EUR 19 million  depending on the configuration and options.***ENDS***About IBAIBA (Ion Beam Applications S.A.) is the world leader in particle accelerator technology. The company is the leading supplier of equipment and services in the fields of proton therapy  considered to be the most advanced form of radiation therapy available today  as well as industrial sterilization  radiopharmaceuticals and dosimetry. The company  based in Louvain-la-Neuve  Belgium  employs approximately 2 000 people worldwide. IBA is a certified B Corporation (B Corp) meeting the highest standards of verified social and environmental performance.IBA is listed on the pan-European stock exchange EURONEXT (IBA: Reuters IBAB.BR and Bloomberg IBAB.BB).More information can be found at: www.iba-worldwide.comAbout JABILAt Jabil (NYSE: JBL)  we are proud to be a trusted partner for the world's top brands  offering comprehensive engineering  manufacturing  and supply chain solutions. With over 50 years of experience across industries and a vast network of over 100 sites worldwide  Jabil combines global reach with local expertise to deliver both scalable and customized solutions. Our commitment extends beyond business success as we strive to build sustainable processes that minimize environmental impact and foster vibrant and diverse communities around the globe. Discover more at www.jabil.com.CONTACTSOlivier LechienCorporate Communication Director+32 10 475 890communication@iba-group.comICR ConsiliumAmber Fennell  Angela Gray  Lucy Featherstone+44 (0) 20 3709 5700IBA@icrhealthcare.comAttachment,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,positive,0.6,0.4,0.0,True,English,"['Be-Wide X-ray solution', 'IBA', 'Jabil', 'contract', 'Mississippi', 'USA', 'Ion Beam Applications S.A.', 'Beagle production line control system', 'The Be Wide X-ray solution', 'advanced high-scale sterilization technology', 'Be Wide solution', 'Be-Wide X-ray solution', 'particle accelerator technology', 'full-size pallet conveyor', 'full operational capability', 'pan-European stock exchange', 'Corporate Communication Director', 'sterilization cycle documentation', 'supply chain solutions', 'Building Safety System', 'medical device industry', 'certified B Corporation', 'Reuters IBAB.BR', 'global customer needs', 'industrial X-ray irradiation', 'Senior Vice President', 'scalable irradiation processing', 'global sterilization capabilities', 'new Jabil facility', 'IBA Industrial Solutions', 'electron beam', 'X-ray solutions', 'large-scale production', 'industrial irradiation', 'industrial sterilization', 'advanced form', 'X-ray services', 'Rhodotron® accelerator', 'customized solutions', 'medical devices', 'high safety', 'Bloomberg IBAB', 'global leader', 'global network', 'global capacity', 'integrated capabilities', 'global reach', 'sterilization services', 'greenfield site', 'diverse range', 'compliance standards', 'second half', 'Mike Mahaz', 'Healthcare Division', 'utmost care', 'Thomas Servais', 'transformative step', 'complete range', 'growing demands', 'typical price', 'customization ranges', 'leading supplier', 'proton therapy', 'radiation therapy', 'highest standards', 'environmental performance', 'More information', 'trusted partner', 'top brands', 'vast network', 'business success', 'sustainable processes', 'environmental impact', 'diverse communities', 'Olivier Lechien', 'ICR Consilium', 'Amber Fennell', 'Angela Gray', 'Lucy Featherstone', 'world leader', 'local expertise', 'Jabil Inc.', 'Jabil Healthcare', 'Louvain-la-Neuve', 'Belgium', 'February', 'EURONEXT', 'engineering', 'manufacturing', 'contract', 'installation', 'Byhalia', 'Mississippi', 'USA', 'portfolio', 'investment', 'efficiency', 'reliability', 'scalability', 'quality', 'logistics', 'procurement', 'Construction', 'late', 'team', 'Memphis', 'products', 'configuration', 'options', 'ENDS', 'company', 'equipment', 'fields', 'radiopharmaceuticals', 'dosimetry', '2,000 people', 'verified', 'social', 'BB', 'NYSE', 'JBL', '50 years', 'experience', 'industries', '100 sites', 'commitment', 'vibrant', 'globe', 'CONTACTS', 'group', 'icrhealthcare', 'Attachment', '44']",2025-02-25,2025-02-26,globenewswire.com
49060,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2025/02/25/3031654/0/en/argenx-to-Present-at-TD-Cowen-45th-Annual-Healthcare-Conference.html,argenx to Present at TD Cowen 45th Annual Healthcare Conference,February 25  2025Amsterdam  the Netherlands – argenx (Euronext & Nasdaq: ARGX)  a global immunology company committed to improving the lives of people suffering from severe autoimmune diseases  today announced that Tim Van Hauwermeiren  Chief Executive Office…,February 25  2025Amsterdam  the Netherlands – argenx (Euronext & Nasdaq: ARGX)  a global immunology company committed to improving the lives of people suffering from severe autoimmune diseases  today announced that Tim Van Hauwermeiren  Chief Executive Officer  will present at the TD Cowen 45th Annual Healthcare Conference on Monday  March 3  2025 at 11:50 a.m. ET.A live webcast of the presentation may be accessed on the Investors section of the argenx website at argenx.com/investors. A replay of the webcast will be available on the argenx website for approximately 30 days following the presentation.About argenxargenx is a global immunology company committed to improving the lives of people suffering from severe autoimmune diseases. Partnering with leading academic researchers through its Immunology Innovation Program (IIP)  argenx aims to translate immunology breakthroughs into a world-class portfolio of novel antibody-based medicines. argenx developed and is commercializing the first approved neonatal Fc receptor (FcRn) blocker  globally in the U.S.  Japan  Israel  the EU  the UK  China and Canada. The Company is evaluating efgartigimod in multiple serious autoimmune diseases and advancing several earlier stage experimental medicines within its therapeutic franchises. For more information  visit www.argenx.com and follow us on LinkedIn  X/Twitter  Instagram  Facebook  and YouTube.Media:Ben Petokbpetok@argenx.comInvestors:Alexandra Roy (US)aroy@argenx.comLynn Elton (EU)lelton@argenx.com,neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,neutral,0.02,0.96,0.02,True,English,"['TD Cowen 45th Annual Healthcare Conference', 'argenx', 'TD Cowen 45th Annual Healthcare Conference', 'several earlier stage experimental medicines', 'multiple serious autoimmune diseases', 'novel antibody-based medicines', 'severe autoimmune diseases', 'Tim Van Hauwermeiren', 'Chief Executive Officer', 'leading academic researchers', 'neonatal Fc receptor', 'Ben Petok bpetok', 'Immunology Innovation Program', 'global immunology company', 'immunology breakthroughs', 'The Company', 'world-class portfolio', 'FcRn) blocker', 'U.S.', 'therapeutic franchises', 'Alexandra Roy', 'Lynn Elton', 'live webcast', 'Investors section', 'argenx website', 'February', 'Amsterdam', 'Netherlands', 'Euronext', 'Nasdaq', 'ARGX', 'lives', 'people', 'Monday', 'March', 'presentation', 'replay', '30 days', 'IIP', 'first', 'Japan', 'Israel', 'UK', 'China', 'Canada', 'efgartigimod', 'information', 'LinkedIn', 'X/Twitter', 'Instagram', 'Facebook', 'YouTube', 'Media', 'aroy', 'lelton', '11:50']",2025-02-25,2025-02-26,globenewswire.com
49061,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.thehindubusinessline.com/markets/stock-markets/camlin-fine-sciences-to-acquire-french-ingredients-tech-firm-vinpai/article69261081.ece,Camlin Fine Sciences to acquire French ingredients tech firm Vinpai,Camlin Fine Sciences acquires majority stake in Vinpai S.A.  a French natural ingredients company  enhancing product range and capabilities.,Camlin Fine Sciences Limited (CFS) announced today it has entered into a Share Purchase Agreement to acquire a majority stake in Vinpai S.A.  a French ingredients technology company specializing in natural alternatives to chemical additives.The shares of Camlin Fine Sciences Limited (CFS) were trading at ₹159.20  down by ₹1.81 or 1.12 per cent on the NSE today at 11.18 am.The acquisition will be primarily executed through a share swap  with CFS issuing new equity shares to Vinpai’s sellers. Simultaneously  CFS will invest €3.3 million in Vinpai through convertible bonds  which will later be converted to equity shares.Following the initial acquisition  CFS will launch a mandatory cash tender offer at €3.60 per share for the remaining public shares of Vinpai. If CFS achieves over 90 per cent ownership  it may initiate a squeeze-out process under French law.Vinpai  founded in 2011 and listed on Euronext Growth Paris since July 2023  designs and manufactures algae  plant  mineral  and fiber-based functional ingredients for the food  cosmetics  and nutraceutical industries. The company generated revenue of €9.2 million in 2024  operating from two sites in France with 43 employees.CFS expects the acquisition to enhance its product range and technological capabilities. The transaction is expected to complete by June 30  2025  subject to regulatory approvals and other conditions.,neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,neutral,0.0,0.98,0.01,True,English,"['French ingredients tech firm', 'Camlin Fine Sciences', 'Vinpai', 'Camlin Fine Sciences Limited', 'mandatory cash tender offer', 'French ingredients technology company', 'fiber-based functional ingredients', 'Euronext Growth Paris', 'remaining public shares', 'Share Purchase Agreement', '90 per cent ownership', 'new equity shares', 'Vinpai S.A.', 'French law', 'majority stake', 'natural alternatives', 'chemical additives', 'share swap', 'convertible bonds', 'nutraceutical industries', 'two sites', 'product range', 'technological capabilities', 'regulatory approvals', 'other conditions', 'initial acquisition', '1.12 per', 'CFS', 'NSE', 'sellers', 'process', 'July', 'algae', 'mineral', 'food', 'cosmetics', 'revenue', 'France', '43 employees', 'transaction', 'June', '11.18']",2025-02-25,2025-02-26,thehindubusinessline.com
49062,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2025/02/25/3031705/0/en/Share-Buyback-Transaction-Details-February-20-February-24-2025.html,Share Buyback Transaction Details February 20 – February 24  2025,PRESS RELEASE                                          Share Buyback Transaction Details February 20 – February 24  2025  Alphen aan den Rijn –...,PRESS RELEASEShare Buyback Transaction Details February 20 – February 24  2025Alphen aan den Rijn – February 25  2025 - Wolters Kluwer (Euronext: WKL)  a global leader in professional information  software solutions  and services  today reports that it has repurchased 45 362 of its own ordinary shares in the period from February 20  2025  up to and including February 24  2025  for €7.9 million and at an average share price of €174.24.The previously disclosed third-party agreement to repurchase €100 million in shares starting January 2  2025  up to and including February 24  2025  has hereby been fulfilled.The cumulative amounts repurchased in the year to date under this program are as follows:Share Buyback 2025Period Cumulative shares repurchased in period Total consideration(€ million) Average share price(€) 2025 to date 583 629 100.0 171.34Shares repurchased are added to and held as treasury shares and will be used for capital reduction purposes through share cancelation.Further information is available on our website:For more information about Wolters Kluwer  please visit: www.wolterskluwer.com.###About Wolters KluwerWolters Kluwer (EURONEXT: WKL) is a global leader in information  software solutions and services for professionals in healthcare; tax and accounting; financial and corporate compliance; legal and regulatory; corporate performance and ESG. We help our customers make critical decisions every day by providing expert solutions that combine deep domain knowledge with technology and services.Wolters Kluwer reported 2023 annual revenues of €5.6 billion. The group serves customers in over 180 countries  maintains operations in over 40 countries  and employs approximately 21 400 people worldwide. The company is headquartered in Alphen aan den Rijn  the Netherlands.Wolters Kluwer shares are listed on Euronext Amsterdam (WKL) and are included in the AEX  Euro Stoxx 50 and Euronext 100 indices. Wolters Kluwer has a sponsored Level 1 American Depositary Receipt (ADR) program. The ADRs are traded on the over-the-counter market in the U.S. (WTKWY).For more information  visit www.wolterskluwer.com  follow us on LinkedIn  Facebook  YouTube and Instagram.Media Investors/Analysts Stefan Kloet Meg Geldens Associate Director Vice President Global Communications Investor Relations press@wolterskluwer.com ir@wolterskluwer.comForward-looking Statements and Other Important Legal InformationThis report contains forward-looking statements. These statements may be identified by words such as “expect”  “should”  “could”  “shall” and similar expressions. Wolters Kluwer cautions that such forward-looking statements are qualified by certain risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results and events to differ materially from what is contemplated by the forward-looking statements. Factors which could cause actual results to differ from these forward-looking statements may include  without limitation  general economic conditions; conditions in the markets in which Wolters Kluwer is engaged; conditions created by pandemics; behavior of customers  suppliers  and competitors; technological developments; the implementation and execution of new ICT systems or outsourcing; and legal  tax  and regulatory rules affecting Wolters Kluwer’s businesses  as well as risks related to mergers  acquisitions  and divestments. In addition  financial risks such as currency movements  interest rate fluctuations  liquidity  and credit risks could influence future results. The foregoing list of factors should not be construed as exhaustive. Wolters Kluwer disclaims any intention or obligation to publicly update or revise any forward-looking statements  whether as a result of new information  future events or otherwise.Elements of this press release contain or may contain inside information about Wolters Kluwer within the meaning of Article 7(1) of the Market Abuse Regulation (596/2014/EU). Trademarks referenced are owned by Wolters Kluwer N.V. and its subsidiaries and may be registered in various countries.Attachment,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,negative,0.0,0.13,0.87,True,English,"['Share Buyback Transaction Details', 'February', 'Analysts Stefan Kloet Meg Geldens Associate Director', 'Alphen aan den Rijn', 'Level 1 American Depositary Receipt', 'Global Communications Investor Relations', 'Share Buyback Transaction Details', 'Wolters Kluwer N.V.', 'Other Important Legal Information', 'capital reduction purposes', 'deep domain knowledge', 'interest rate fluctuations', 'average share price', 'new ICT systems', 'Market Abuse Regulation', 'general economic conditions', 'Wolters Kluwer shares', 'Period Cumulative shares', 'share cancelation', 'global leader', 'cumulative amounts', 'counter market', 'new information', 'PRESS RELEASE', 'software solutions', 'ordinary shares', 'third-party agreement', 'Total consideration', 'treasury shares', 'corporate compliance', 'corporate performance', 'critical decisions', 'expert solutions', '2023 annual revenues', 'Euro Stoxx 50', 'U.S.', 'Media Investors', 'Vice President', 'similar expressions', 'actual results', 'technological developments', 'currency movements', 'future results', 'foregoing list', 'professional information', 'Further information', 'inside information', 'Forward-looking Statements', 'Euronext Amsterdam', 'Euronext 100 indices', 'ADR) program', 'regulatory rules', 'credit risks', 'future events', 'various countries', 'financial risks', '180 countries', '40 countries', 'February', 'WKL', 'services', 'January', 'year', 'date', 'website', 'wolterskluwer', 'professionals', 'healthcare', 'tax', 'accounting', 'ESG.', 'customers', 'technology', 'group', 'operations', '21,400 people', 'company', 'Netherlands', 'AEX', 'ADRs', 'WTKWY', 'LinkedIn', 'Facebook', 'YouTube', 'Instagram', 'report', 'words', 'uncertainties', 'Factors', 'limitation', 'markets', 'pandemics', 'behavior', 'suppliers', 'competitors', 'implementation', 'execution', 'outsourcing', 'businesses', 'mergers', 'acquisitions', 'divestments', 'addition', 'liquidity', 'intention', 'obligation', 'Elements', 'meaning', 'Article', 'Trademarks', 'subsidiaries', 'Attachment']",2025-02-25,2025-02-26,globenewswire.com
49063,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2025/02/25/3032395/0/en/Teva-and-Medincell-Announce-FDA-Acceptance-of-Supplemental-New-Drug-Application-for-UZEDY-R-risperidone-Extended-Release-Injectable-Suspension-as-a-Treatment-for-Patients-with-Bipo.html,Teva and Medincell Announce FDA Acceptance of Supplemental New Drug Application for UZEDY(R) (risperidone) Extended-Release Injectable Suspension as a Treatment for Patients with Bipolar I Disorder,PARSIPPANY  N.J. and TEL AVIV  Israel and PARIS  Feb. 25  2025 (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) -- Teva Pharmaceuticals  a U.S. affiliate of Teva Pharmaceutical Industries Ltd. (NYSE and TASE: TEVA)  and Medincell (Euronext: MEDCL) announced today that the supplemental New D…,UZEDY is currently approved in the US as a subcutaneous long-acting injectable (LAI) for use every one or two months for the treatment of schizophrenia in adults 1LAI treatment options may help address unmet needs of people living with bipolar I disorder (BP-I)BP-I filing acceptance for UZEDY represents Teva’s commitment to pursuing new advances in neurosciencePARSIPPANY  N.J. and TEL AVIV  Israel and PARIS  Feb. 25  2025 (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) -- Teva Pharmaceuticals  a U.S. affiliate of Teva Pharmaceutical Industries Ltd. (NYSE and TASE: TEVA)  and Medincell (Euronext: MEDCL) announced today that the supplemental New Drug Application (sNDA) for UZEDY extended-release injectable suspension for the maintenance treatment of BP-I in adults has been accepted for filing by the U.S. Food and Drug Administration (FDA).The sNDA is based on leveraging the existing clinical data for UZEDY coupled with the Agency’s previous findings of safety and efficacy of past risperidone formulations approved for the treatment of BP-I.“Since the FDA approval of UZEDY almost two years ago  it has proven to be an important treatment option for people living with schizophrenia ” said Eric Hughes  MD  PhD  Executive Vice President of Global R&D and Chief Medical Officer at Teva. “Today’s filing demonstrates the potential of UZEDY’s clinical profile as a long-acting treatment for bipolar-I  a complex mental health disorder that significantly affects a person’s mood  behavior  and overall state of mind. Debilitating manic and depressive symptoms and signs can also occur.”Teva will lead the regulatory process and be responsible for potential commercialization of UZEDY for BP-I  with Medincell eligible for royalties on net sales.“Long-acting injectables are key drivers of innovation in the CNS field today ” said Dr. Richard Malamut  Chief Medical Officer at Medincell. “In bipolar I disorder  as in schizophrenia  nonadherence remains a major barrier to effective care  one that UZEDY has the potential to help. We are proud to partner with Teva to deliver treatment options aimed at meeting unmet medical needs.”UZEDY was approved in the U.S. for the treatment of schizophrenia in adults in 2023.2The efficacy and long-term safety and tolerability of UZEDY for the treatment of schizophrenia have been evaluated in two Phase 3 pivotal studies: TV46000-CNS-30072 (the RISE Study – The Risperidone Subcutaneous Extended-Release Study)3 and TV46000-CNS-30078 (the SHINE Study – Safety in Humans of TV-46000 sc INjection Evaluation)2.The safety and efficacy of UZEDY for BP-I are not established and UZEDY is not approved by any regulatory authority for this indication.About Bipolar I DisorderBipolar Disorder I (BP-I) is a manic-depressive condition that leads to large swings in mood and actions that greatly impact quality of life and ability to complete day-to-day tasks. It is challenging to diagnose and is often accompanied by other psychiatric comorbidities. BP-I is associated with poor long-term outcomes and a substantial increase in mortality compared to the general population from both suicide and cardiovascular disease. An estimated 1% or 3 400 000+ of U.S. adults will develop BP-I in their lifetime.4About the RISE StudyRISE  Teva’s Phase 3 study  was a multicenter  randomized  double-blind  placebo-controlled study to evaluate the efficacy of risperidone extended-release injectable suspension for subcutaneous use as a treatment in patients (ages 13-65 years) with schizophrenia.3 544 patients were randomized to receive a subcutaneous injection of UZEDY once monthly (q1M)  once every two months (q2M)  or placebo in a 1:1:1 ratio. The primary endpoint was time to impending relapse.3About the SHINE StudyThe second of Teva’s Phase 3 studies; designed to evaluate the long-term safety  tolerability and effectof UZEDY subcutaneously administered q1M or q2M for up to 56 weeks in 331 patients (ages 13-65 years) with schizophrenia. The primary endpoint was the frequency of all adverse events  including serious adverse events.2About UZEDYUZEDY (risperidone) extended-release injectable suspension for subcutaneous use is indicated for the treatment of schizophrenia in adults. In clinical trials  UZEDY significantly reduced the risk of schizophrenia relapse.1 2 UZEDY administers risperidone through copolymer technology under license from Medincell that allows for absorption and sustained release after subcutaneous injection. UZEDY is the only long-acting  subcutaneous formulation of risperidone available in both one- and two-month dosing intervals.1 For full prescribing information  visit https://www.uzedy.com/globalassets/uzedy/prescribing-information.pdf .INDICATION AND USAGEUZEDY (risperidone) extended-release injectable suspension for subcutaneous use is indicated for the treatment of schizophrenia in adults.WARNING: INCREASED MORTALITY IN ELDERLY PATIENTS WITH DEMENTIA-RELATED PSYCHOSISElderly patients with dementia-related psychosis treated with antipsychotic drugs are at an increased risk of death. UZEDY is not approved for use in patients with dementia-related psychosis and has not been studied in this patient population.See below for additional Important Safety Information.IMPORTANT SAFETY INFORMATION CONTINUEDCONTRAINDICATIONS: UZEDY is contraindicated in patients with a known hypersensitivity to risperidone  its metabolite  paliperidone  or to any of its components. Hypersensitivity reactions  including anaphylactic reactions and angioedema  have been reported in patients treated with risperidone or paliperidone.WARNINGS AND PRECAUTIONSCerebrovascular Adverse Reactions: In trials of elderly patients with dementia-related psychosis  there was a significantly higher incidence of cerebrovascular adverse events (e.g.  stroke  transient ischemic attack)  including fatalities  in patients treated with oral risperidone compared to placebo. UZEDY is not approved for use in patients with dementia-related psychosis.Neuroleptic Malignant Syndrome (NMS): NMS  a potentially fatal symptom complex  has been reported in association with antipsychotic drugs. Clinical manifestations of NMS are hyperpyrexia  muscle rigidity  altered mental status including delirium  and autonomic instability (irregular pulse or blood pressure  tachycardia  diaphoresis  and cardiac dysrhythmia). Additional signs may include elevated creatine phosphokinase  myoglobinuria (rhabdomyolysis)  and acute renal failure. If NMS is suspected  immediately discontinue UZEDY and provide symptomatic treatment and monitoring.Tardive Dyskinesia (TD): TD  a syndrome consisting of potentially irreversible  involuntary  dyskinetic movements  may develop in patients treated with antipsychotic drugs. Although the prevalence of the syndrome appears to be highest among the elderly  especially elderly women  it is impossible to predict which patients will develop the syndrome. Whether antipsychotic drug products differ in their potential to cause TD is unknown.The risk of developing TD and the likelihood that it will become irreversible are believed to increase with the duration of treatment and the cumulative dose. The syndrome can develop  after relatively brief treatment periods  even at low doses. It may also occur after discontinuation. TD may remit  partially or completely  if antipsychotic treatment is discontinued. Antipsychotic treatment  itself  however  may suppress (or partially suppress) the signs and symptoms of the syndrome  possibly masking the underlying process. The effect that symptomatic suppression has upon the long-term course of the syndrome is unknown.If signs and symptoms of TD appear in a patient treated with UZEDY  drug discontinuation should be considered. However  some patients may require treatment with UZEDY despite the presence of the syndrome. In patients who do require chronic treatment  use the lowest dose and the shortest duration of treatment producing a satisfactory clinical response. Periodically reassess the need for continued treatment.Metabolic Changes: Atypical antipsychotic drugs have been associated with metabolic changes that may increase cardiovascular/cerebrovascular risk. These metabolic changes include hyperglycemia  dyslipidemia  and body weight gain. While all of the drugs in the class have been shown to produce some metabolic changes  each drug has its own specific risk profile.Hyperglycemia and diabetes mellitus (DM): in some cases extreme and associated with ketoacidosis or hyperosmolar coma or death  have been reported in patients treated with atypical antipsychotics  including risperidone. Patients with an established diagnosis of DM who are started on atypical antipsychotics  including UZEDY  should be monitored regularly for worsening of glucose control. Patients with risk factors for DM (e.g.  obesity  family history of diabetes) who are starting treatment with atypical antipsychotics  including UZEDY  should undergo fasting blood glucose (FBG) testing at the beginning of treatment and periodically during treatment. Any patient treated with atypical antipsychotics  including UZEDY  should be monitored for symptoms of hyperglycemia including polydipsia  polyuria  polyphagia  and weakness. Patients who develop symptoms of hyperglycemia during treatment with atypical antipsychotics  including UZEDY  should undergo FBG testing. In some cases  hyperglycemia has resolved when the atypical antipsychotic  including risperidone  was discontinued; however  some patients required continuation of antidiabetic treatment despite discontinuation of risperidone.Dyslipidemia has been observed in patients treated with atypical antipsychotics.Weight gain has been observed with atypical antipsychotic use. Monitoring weight is recommended.Hyperprolactinemia: As with other drugs that antagonize dopamine D 2 receptors  risperidone elevates prolactin levels and the elevation persists during chronic administration. Risperidone is associated with higher levels of prolactin elevation than other antipsychotic agents.Orthostatic Hypotension and Syncope: UZEDY may induce orthostatic hypotension associated with dizziness  tachycardia  and in some patients  syncope. UZEDY should be used with particular caution in patients with known cardiovascular disease  cerebrovascular disease  and conditions which would predispose patients to hypotension and in the elderly and patients with renal or hepatic impairment. Monitoring of orthostatic vital signs should be considered in all such patients  and a dose reduction should be considered if hypotension occurs. Clinically significant hypotension has been observed with concomitant use of oral risperidone and antihypertensive medication.Falls: Antipsychotics  including UZEDY  may cause somnolence  postural hypotension  motor and sensory instability  which may lead to falls and  consequently  fractures or other fall-related injuries. Somnolence  postural hypotension  motor and sensory instability have been reported with the use of risperidone. For patients  particularly the elderly  with diseases  conditions  or medications that could exacerbate these effects  assess the risk of falls when initiating antipsychotic treatment and recurrently for patients on long-term antipsychotic therapy.Leukopenia  Neutropenia  and Agranulocytosis have been reported with antipsychotic agents  including risperidone. In patients with a pre-existing history of a clinically significant low white blood cell count (WBC) or absolute neutrophil count (ANC) or a history of drug-induced leukopenia or neutropenia  perform a complete blood count (CBC) frequently during the first few months of therapy. In such patients  consider discontinuation of UZEDY at the first sign of a clinically significant decline in WBC in the absence of other causative factors. Monitor patients with clinically significant neutropenia for fever or other symptoms or signs of infection and treat promptly if such symptoms or signs occur. Discontinue UZEDY in patients with ANC < 1000/mm3) and follow their WBC until recovery.Potential for Cognitive and Motor Impairment: UZEDY  like other antipsychotics  may cause somnolence and has the potential to impair judgement  thinking  and motor skills. Somnolence was a commonly reported adverse reaction associated with oral risperidone treatment. Caution patients about operating hazardous machinery  including motor vehicles  until they are reasonably certain that treatment with UZEDY does not affect them adversely.Seizures: During premarketing studies of oral risperidone in adult patients with schizophrenia  seizures occurred in 0.3% of patients (9 out of 2 607 patients)  two in association with hyponatremia. Use UZEDY cautiously in patients with a history of seizures or other conditions that potentially lower the seizure threshold.Dysphagia: Esophageal dysmotility and aspiration have been associated with antipsychotic drug use. Antipsychotic drugs  including UZEDY  should be used cautiously in patients at risk for aspiration.Priapism has been reported during postmarketing surveillance for other risperidone products. A case of priapism was reported in premarket studies of UZEDY. Severe priapism may require surgical intervention.Body temperature regulation. Disruption of the body’s ability to reduce core body temperature has been attributed to antipsychotic agents. Both hyperthermia and hypothermia have been reported in association with oral risperidone use. Strenuous exercise  exposure to extreme heat  dehydration  and anticholinergic medications may contribute to an elevation in core body temperature; use UZEDY with caution in patients who experience these conditions.ADVERSE REACTIONSThe most common adverse reactions with risperidone (≥5% and greater than placebo) were parkinsonism  akathisia  dystonia  tremor  sedation  dizziness  anxiety  blurred vision  nausea  vomiting  upper abdominal pain  stomach discomfort  dyspepsia  diarrhea  salivary hypersecretion  constipation  dry mouth  increased appetite  increased weight  fatigue  rash  nasal congestion  upper respiratory tract infection  nasopharyngitis  and pharyngolaryngeal pain.The most common injection site reactions with UZEDY (≥5% and greater than placebo) were pruritus and nodule.DRUG INTERACTIONSCarbamazepine and other strong CYP3A4 inducers decrease plasma concentrations of risperidone.Fluoxetine  paroxetine  and other strong CYP2D6 inhibitors increase risperidone plasma concentration.Due to additive pharmacologic effects  the concomitant use of centrally-acting drugs  including alcohol  may increase nervous system disorders.UZEDY may enhance the hypotensive effects of other therapeutic agents with this potential.UZEDY may antagonize the pharmacologic effects of dopamine agonists.Concomitant use with methylphenidate  when there is change in dosage of either medication  may increase the risk of extrapyramidal symptoms (EPS)USE IN SPECIFIC POPULATIONSPregnancy: May cause EPS and/or withdrawal symptoms in neonates with third trimester exposure. There is a pregnancy exposure registry that monitors pregnancy outcomes in women exposed to atypical antipsychotics  including UZEDY  during pregnancy. Healthcare providers are encouraged to register patients by contacting the National Pregnancy Registry for Atypical Antipsychotics at 1-866-961-2388 or online at http://womensmentalhealth.org/clinicaland-research-programs/pregnancyregistry/ .Lactation: Infants exposed to risperidone through breastmilk should be monitored for excess sedation  failure to thrive  jitteriness  and EPS.Fertility: UZEDY may cause a reversible reduction in fertility in females.Pediatric Use: Safety and effectiveness of UZEDY have not been established in pediatric patients.Renal or Hepatic Impairment: Carefully titrate on oral risperidone up to at least 2 mg daily before initiating treatment with UZEDY.Patients with Parkinson’s disease or dementia with Lewy bodies can experience increased sensitivity to UZEDY. Manifestations and features are consistent with NMS.Please see the full Prescribing Information for UZEDY  including Boxed WARNING.About TevaTeva Pharmaceutical Industries Ltd. (NYSE and TASE: TEVA) is a different kind of global pharmaceutical leader  one that operates across the full spectrum of innovation to reliably deliver medicines to patients worldwide. For over 120 years  Teva’s commitment to bettering health has never wavered. Today  the company’s global network of capabilities enables its 37 000 employees across 57 markets to advance health by developing medicines for the future while championing the production of generics and biologics. If patients have a need  we’re already working to address it. To learn more about how Teva is all in for better health  visit www.tevapharm.com.Cautionary Note Regarding Forward-Looking StatementsThis press release contains forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995  which are based on management’s current beliefs and expectations and are subject to substantial risks and uncertainties  both known and unknown  that could cause our future results  performance or achievements to differ significantly from that expressed or implied by such forward-looking statements. You can identify these forward-looking statements by the use of words such as “should ” “expect ” “anticipate ” “estimate ” “target ” “may ” “project ” “guidance ” “intend ” “plan ” “believe” and other words and terms of similar meaning and expression in connection with any discussion of future operating or financial performance. Important factors that could cause or contribute to such differences include risks relating to: our ability to successfully develop and commercialize UZEDY (risperidone) extended-release injectable suspension for the maintenance treatment of BP-I in adult patients; our ability to successfully compete in the marketplace  including our ability to develop and commercialize additional pharmaceutical products; our ability to successfully execute our Pivot to Growth strategy  including to expand our innovative and biosimilar medicines pipeline and profitably commercialize the innovative medicines and biosimilar portfolio  whether organically or through business development  and to sustain and focus our portfolio of generic medicines; and other factors discussed in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31  2024  including in the section captioned “Risk Factors and “Forward Looking Statements.” Forward-looking statements speak only as of the date on which they are made  and we assume no obligation to update or revise any forward-looking statements or other information contained herein  whether as a result of new information  future events or otherwise. You are cautioned not to put undue reliance on these forward-looking statements.UZEDY® (risperidone) extended-release injectable suspension  for subcutaneous injection Current Prescribing Information. Parsippany  NJ. Teva Neuroscience  Inc. Data on file. Parsippany  NJ: Teva Neuroscience  Inc. Clinicaltrials.gov. Study to Evaluate TV-46000 as Maintenance Treatment in Adult and Adolescent Participants With Schizophrenia (RISE). https://clinicaltrials.gov/study/NCT03503318. Accessed November 2024. Merikangas KR  Akiskal HS  Angst J  et al. Lifetime and 12-Month Prevalence of Bipolar Spectrum Disorder in the National Comorbidity Survey Replication. Arch Gen Psychiatry. 2007;64(5):543–552. doi:10.1001/archpsyc.64.5.543Teva Media Inquiries:TevaCommunicationsNorthAmerica@tevapharm.comTeva Investor Relations InquiresTevaIR@Tevapharm.comAbout MedincellMedincell is a clinical- and commercial-stage biopharmaceutical licensing company developing long-acting injectable drugs in many therapeutic areas. Our innovative treatments aim to guarantee compliance with medical prescriptions  to improve the effectiveness and accessibility of medicines  and to reduce their environmental footprint. They combine active pharmaceutical ingredients with our proprietary BEPO® technology which controls the delivery of a drug at a therapeutic level for several days  weeks or months from the subcutaneous or local injection of a simple deposit of a few millimeters  entirely bioresorbable. The first treatment based on BEPO® technology  intended for the treatment of schizophrenia  was approved by the FDA in April 2023  and is now distributed in the United States by Teva under the name UZEDY® (BEPO® technology is licensed to Teva under the name SteadyTeq™). We collaborate with leading pharmaceutical companies and foundations to improve global health through new treatment options. Based in Montpellier  Medincell currently employs more than 140 people representing more than 25 different nationalities.,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,negative,0.0,0.16,0.84,True,English,"['Supplemental New Drug Application', 'Extended-Release Injectable Suspension', 'Bipolar I Disorder', 'FDA Acceptance', 'Teva', 'Medincell', 'risperidone', 'Treatment', 'Patients', 'multicenter, randomized, double-blind, placebo-controlled study', 'The Risperidone Subcutaneous Extended-Release Study', 'risperidone extended-release injectable suspension', 'risperidone) extended-release injectable suspension', 'complex mental health disorder', 'TV-46000 sc INjection Evaluation', 'supplemental New Drug Application', 'Teva Pharmaceutical Industries Ltd', 'UZEDY extended-release injectable suspension', 'subcutaneous long-acting injectable (LAI', 'two Phase 3 pivotal studies', 'past risperidone formulations', 'Executive Vice President', 'Global R&D', 'Chief Medical Officer', 'Dr. Richard Malamut', 'other psychiatric comorbidities', 'two-month dosing intervals', 'full prescribing information', 'bipolar I disorder', 'long-acting, subcutaneous formulation', 'poor long-term outcomes', 'U.S. affiliate', 'U.S. Food', 'existing clinical data', 'unmet medical needs', 'serious adverse events', 'LAI treatment options', 'important treatment option', 'U.S. adults', 'BP-I filing acceptance', 'long-term safety, tolerability', 'Bipolar Disorder', 'Phase 3 studies', 'Phase 3 study', 'subcutaneous injection', 'two months', 'unmet needs', 'new advances', 'Drug Administration', 'Long-acting injectables', 'SHINE Study', 'RISE Study', 'subcutaneous use', 'clinical profile', 'clinical trials', 'N.J.', 'TEL AVIV', 'GLOBE NEWSWIRE', 'previous findings', 'Eric Hughes', 'overall state', 'depressive symptoms', 'regulatory process', 'net sales', 'key drivers', 'CNS field', 'major barrier', 'effective care', 'regulatory authority', 'manic-depressive condition', 'large swings', 'day tasks', 'substantial increase', 'general population', 'cardiovascular disease', 'primary endpoint', 'impending relapse', 'copolymer technology', 'sustained release', 'DEMENTIA-RELATED PSYCHOSIS', 'antipsychotic drugs', 'maintenance treatment', 'acting treatment', 'FDA approval', 'Teva Pharmaceuticals', 'ELDERLY PATIENTS', 'potential commercialization', 'schizophrenia relapse', 'INCREASED MORTALITY', '3 544 patients', '331 patients', 'BP-I.', 'people', 'commitment', 'neuroscience', 'PARSIPPANY', 'Israel', 'PARIS', 'NYSE', 'TASE', 'Medincell', 'Euronext', 'MEDCL', 'sNDA', 'Agency', 'efficacy', 'MD', 'PhD', 'Today', 'bipolar-I', 'person', 'mood', 'behavior', 'mind', 'signs', 'royalties', 'innovation', 'nonadherence', 'TV46000-CNS', 'Humans', 'indication', 'actions', 'quality', 'life', 'suicide', '65 years', 'q2M', '1:1:1 ratio', 'time', 'effectof', 'q1M', '56 weeks', 'frequency', 'risk', 'license', 'absorption', 'globalassets', 'prescribing-information', 'USAGE', 'WARNING', 'death']",2025-02-25,2025-02-26,globenewswire.com
49064,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2025/02/25/3032275/0/en/ARGAN-INFORMATION-REGARDING-THE-TOTAL-NUMBER-OF-VOTING-RIGHTS-AND-SHARES-COMPOSING-THE-SHARE-CAPITAL-ON-FEBRUARY-10-2025.html,ARGAN: INFORMATION REGARDING THE TOTAL NUMBER OF VOTING RIGHTS AND SHARES COMPOSING THE SHARE CAPITAL ON FEBRUARY 10  2025,Press release – Neuilly-sur-Seine  Tuesday  February 25  2025 – 5.45pm     Information regarding the total number of voting rights and shares composing...,Press release – Neuilly-sur-Seine  Tuesday  February 25  2025 – 5.45pmInformation regarding the total number of voting rights and shares composing the share capitalon February 10  2025On February 10  2025  the day we released our notice of meeting ahead of our Combined General Meeting of Shareholders – to be held on March 20  2025 – the total number of voting rights and shares composing ARGAN’s share capital was as follows:February 10  2025 Total number of shares in the share capital 25 414 552 Total theoretical number of voting rights (1) 25 414 552 Total actual number of voting rights (2) 25 394 068(1) Including the number of shares that have no voting rights (self-detained shares as part of the liquidity contract)(2) Excluding the number of shares that have no voting rights (self-detained shares as part of the liquidity contract)2025 financial calendar (Publication of the press release after closing of the stock exchange)March 20: General Assembly 2025April 1: Net sales of 1 st quarter 2025quarter 2025 July 1: Net sales of 2 nd quarter 2025quarter 2025 July 17: Half-year results 2025October 1: Net sales of 3rd quarter 20252026 financial calendar (Publication of the press release after closing of the stock exchange)January 5: Net sales of 4 th quarter 2025quarter 2025 January 22: Annual results 2025March 19: General Assembly 2026About ARGANARGAN is the only French real estate company specializing in the DEVELOPMENT & RENTAL OF PREMIUM WAREHOUSES listed on EURONEXT and is the leading player of its market in France. Building on a unique customer-centric approach  ARGAN develops PREMIUM and Au0nom® -labelled – i.e.  carbon-neutral in use – pre-let warehouses for blue-chip companies  with tailor-made services throughout all project phases from the development milestones to the rental management.As at December 31  2024  ARGAN represented a portfolio of 3.7 million sq.m  with about a hundred warehouses solely located in the continental area of France. Appraised at a total of €3.9 billion  this portfolio generates a yearly rental income of close to €205 million (yearly rental income based on the portfolio delivered as at Dec. 31  2024).Profitability  well-mastered debt and sustainability are at the heart of ARGAN’s DNA. The financial solidity of the Group’s model is notably reflected in its Investment-grade rating (BBB- with a stable outlook) with Standard & Poor’s. ARGAN is also deploying a committed ESG policy addressing all its stakeholders. Achievements as part of this roadmap are regularly recognized by third-party agencies such as Sustainalytics (low extra-financial risk)  Ethifinance (gold medal) and Ecovadis (sliver medal – top 15% amongst rated companies).ARGAN is a listed real estate investment company (French SIIC)  on Compartment A of Euronext Paris (ISIN FR0010481960 - ARG) and is included in the Euronext SBF 120  CAC All-Share  EPRA Europe and IEIF SIIC France indices.www.argan.frFrancis Albertinelli – CFOAymar de Germay – General SecretarySamy Bensaid – Head of Investor RelationsPhone: +33 1 47 47 47 40E-mail: contact@argan.frwww.argan.frMarlène Brisset – Media relationsPhone: +33 6 59 42 29 35E-mail: argan@citigatedewerogerson.comAttachment,neutral,0.01,0.98,0.01,negative,0.0,0.37,0.63,True,English,"['TOTAL NUMBER', 'VOTING RIGHTS', 'SHARE CAPITAL', 'ARGAN', 'INFORMATION', 'SHARES', 'FEBRUARY', 'real estate investment company', 'French real estate company', 'IEIF SIIC France indices', 'unique customer-centric approach', 'committed ESG policy', 'low extra-financial risk', 'Aymar de Germay', 'Marlène Brisset', 'yearly rental income', 'Combined General Meeting', 'Total theoretical number', 'French SIIC', 'General Assembly', 'rental management', 'General Secretary', 'Press release', 'voting rights', 'share capital', 'liquidity contract', '2025 financial calendar', 'stock exchange', 'Net sales', 'Half-year results', '2026 financial calendar', 'Annual results', 'leading player', 'tailor-made services', 'project phases', '3.7 million sq', 'continental area', 'financial solidity', 'Investment-grade rating', 'stable outlook', 'third-party agencies', 'gold medal', 'sliver medal', 'EPRA Europe', 'Francis Albertinelli', 'Samy Bensaid', 'Investor Relations', 'Media relations', 'total number', 'actual number', 'hundred warehouses', 'Euronext Paris', 'Euronext SBF', '1 st quarter', '2 nd quarter', '3rd quarter', '4 th quarter', 'blue-chip companies', 'development milestones', 'PREMIUM WAREHOUSES', 'Neuilly', 'Tuesday', 'February', '5.45pm', 'Information', 'shares', 'notice', 'Shareholders', 'March', 'ARGAN', 'Publication', 'closing', 'April', 'October', 'January', 'market', 'Au0nom®', 'December', 'portfolio', 'Dec.', 'Profitability', 'debt', 'sustainability', 'heart', 'DNA', 'Group', 'model', 'BBB', 'Standard', 'Poor', 'stakeholders', 'Achievements', 'roadmap', 'Sustainalytics', 'Ethifinance', 'Ecovadis', 'Compartment', 'ISIN', 'CAC', 'CFO', 'Head', 'Phone', 'mail', 'citigatedewerogerson', 'Attachment']",2025-02-25,2025-02-26,globenewswire.com
49065,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2025/02/25/3032320/0/en/Voltalia-Total-number-of-shares-and-voting-rights-in-the-share-capital-as-of-January-31-2025.html,Voltalia: Total number of shares and voting rights in the share capital as of January 31  2025,Total number of shares and voting rights in the share capital as of January 31  2025 (Articles L. 233-8 (II) of the French Commercial Code and 223-16 of the General Regulations of the French Financial Markets Authority),Voltalia is an international player in the renewable energy sector. The Group produces and sells electricity generated from wind  solar  hydraulic  biomass and storage facilities that it owns and operates. Voltalia has generating capacity in operation and under construction of more than 3.3 GW and a portfolio of projects under development representing total capacity of 17.2 GW.Voltalia is also a service provider and supports its investor clients in renewable energy projects during all phases  from design to operation and maintenance.As a pioneer in the corporate market  Voltalia provides a global offer to private companies  ranging from the supply of green electricity and energy efficiency services to the local production of their own electricity.The Group has more than 2 000 employees and is present in 20 countries on 3 continents and is able to act worldwide on behalf of its clients.Voltalia is listed on the Euronext regulated market in Paris (FR0011995588 - VLTSA) and is included in the Enternext Tech 40 and CAC Mid&Small indices. The company is also included  amongst others  in the MSCI ESG ratings and the Sustainalytics ratings.,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,True,English,"['Total number', 'voting rights', 'share capital', 'Voltalia', 'shares', 'January', 'CAC Mid&Small indices', 'renewable energy sector', 'energy efficiency services', 'Euronext regulated market', 'MSCI ESG ratings', 'renewable energy projects', 'corporate market', 'Sustainalytics ratings', 'international player', 'The Group', 'hydraulic, biomass', 'storage facilities', 'generating capacity', 'total capacity', 'service provider', 'global offer', 'private companies', 'local production', 'Enternext Tech', 'investor clients', 'green electricity', 'Voltalia', 'operation', 'construction', '3.3 GW', 'portfolio', 'development', '17.2 GW', 'phases', 'design', 'maintenance', 'pioneer', 'supply', '2,000 employees', '20 countries', '3 continents', 'behalf', 'Paris', 'VLTSA', 'company', 'others']",2025-02-25,2025-02-26,globenewswire.com
49066,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2025/02/25/3031734/0/en/AKVA-group-ASA-Key-information-relating-to-cash-dividend.html,AKVA group ASA: Key information relating to cash dividend,Reference is made to the stock exchange announcement made by AKVA group ASA on 14 February 2025 regarding the financial results for the fourth quarter of 2024 and the resolution by the Board of AKVA group ASA to distribute a dividend of NOK 1.00 per share in …,Reference is made to the stock exchange announcement made by AKVA group ASA on 14 February 2025 regarding the financial results for the fourth quarter of 2024 and the resolution by the Board of AKVA group ASA to distribute a dividend of NOK 1.00 per share in the first half year of 2025  in total NOK 36 309 017. The dividend has been resolved on the basis of the Board's authorisation as granted by the annual general meeting of AKVA group ASA on 2 May 2024.Key information relating to the cash dividend:Dividend amount: NOK 1.00 per shareAnnounced Currency: NOKLast Day Inclusive: 7 April 2025Ex-Date: 8 April 2025Record Date: 9 April 2025Payment Date: On or about 15 April 2025Date of Approval: 12 February 2025This information is published pursuant to the requirements set out in Euronext Oslo Rule Book II – Issuer Rules.Dated: 25 February 2025AKVA group ASAWeb: www.akvagroup.comCONTACTS:Knut Nesse Chief Executive Officer Phone: +47 51 77 85 00 Mobile: +47 91 37 62 20 E-mail: knesse@akvagroup.com,neutral,0.02,0.98,0.0,neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,True,English,"['AKVA group ASA', 'Key information', 'cash dividend', 'Knut Nesse Chief Executive Officer Phone', 'Euronext Oslo Rule Book II', 'stock exchange announcement', 'AKVA group ASA', 'first half year', 'annual general meeting', 'share Announced Currency', 'financial results', 'fourth quarter', 'Last Day', 'Issuer Rules', 'Record Date', 'Payment Date', 'Key information', 'cash dividend', 'Dividend amount', 'Reference', '14 February', 'resolution', 'Board', 'NOK', 'total', 'basis', 'authorisation', '2 May', '7 April', 'Ex-Date', '8 April', '9 April', '15 April', 'Approval', '12 February', 'requirements', '25 February', 'Web', 'akvagroup', 'CONTACTS', 'mail', 'knesse']",2025-02-25,2025-02-26,globenewswire.com
49067,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2025/02/25/3031673/0/en/KPN-commences-EUR-250m-share-buyback.html,KPN commences EUR 250m share buyback,KPN’s successful execution of its strategy enables the company to structurally return additional capital to its shareholders. In this respect  on 30 January 2025 KPN announced a new share buyback of € 250m (the “Share Buyback”)  on top of an anticipated € 18.…,KPN’s successful execution of its strategy enables the company to structurally return additional capital to its shareholders. In this respect  on 30 January 2025 KPN announced a new share buyback of € 250m (the “Share Buyback”)  on top of an anticipated € 18.2ct dividend per share over 2025  distributing all Free Cash Flow to its shareholders.Today  KPN commences the € 250m Share Buyback  which is expected to be completed by 25 July 2025 at the latest. KPN expects to use a total of up to 1 million of the repurchased shares to cover employee share plans and intends to cancel the remainder of the repurchased shares to reduce the capital of KPN.KPN has engaged an intermediary to repurchase KPN shares in the open market on its behalf. The purchases will be carried out in compliance with applicable rules and regulations  at a price of at least the par value and at most 110% of the average of the closing price on Euronext Amsterdam on each of the five days of trading prior to the date of purchase. The Share Buyback will be implemented within the limitations of the authority granted to the Board of Management by the Annual General Meeting of Shareholders  which authorized the Board of Management to purchase up to 10% of KPN's issued share capital per 17 April 2024  for a period of 18 months starting 17 April 2024 and ending 17 October 2025 (or any new authority as provided by the Annual General Meeting of Shareholders to be held in 2025). Under the current authorization a total of 13 479 784 shares have already been repurchased in the 2024 share buyback.KPN will provide weekly updates on the progress of the Share Buyback and publish all transaction details on its website. The first progress report will be published on 3 March 2025.Formal disclosures:Royal KPN N.V.Head of IR: Matthijs van LeijenhorstInside information: YesTopic: KPN commences € 250m share buyback25/02/2025; 08:00hKPN-SBBAttachment,neutral,0.0,0.99,0.01,neutral,0.02,0.97,0.01,True,English,"['EUR 250m share buyback', 'KPN', 'Royal KPN N.V. Head', 'Free Cash Flow', 'Annual General Meeting', 'Matthijs van Leijenhorst', 'employee share plans', 'first progress report', '€ 250m Share Buyback', 'new share buyback', '2024 share buyback', 'successful execution', '€ 18.2ct dividend', 'open market', 'applicable rules', 'par value', 'Euronext Amsterdam', 'five days', 'new authority', 'current authorization', 'weekly updates', 'transaction details', 'Formal disclosures', 'KPN-SBB Attachment', 'share capital', 'additional capital', 'closing price', 'KPN shares', '13,479,784 shares', 'strategy', 'company', 'shareholders', 'respect', '30 January', 'top', '25 July', 'total', 'remainder', 'repurchased', 'intermediary', 'behalf', 'purchases', 'compliance', 'regulations', 'average', 'trading', 'limitations', 'Board', 'Management', '17 April', 'period', '18 months', 'website', '3 March', 'information']",2025-02-25,2025-02-26,globenewswire.com
49068,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2025/02/25/3032329/0/en/Worldline-Governance-evolution.html,Worldline - Governance evolution,Worldline appoints Pierre-Antoine Vacheron as Chief Executive Officer  Paris  La Défense  February 25th  2025   The Board of Directors of Worldline......,"Worldline appoints Pierre-Antoine Vacheron as Chief Executive OfficerParis  La Défense  February 25th  2025The Board of Directors of Worldline [Euronext: WLN]  is pleased to announce that Pierre-Antoine Vacheron has been appointed as Chief Executive Officer effective on March 1st  2025  succeeding Marc-Henri Desportes  who has served as an interim CEO since October 2024.Pierre-Antoine brings over 30 years of extensive international and transformational experience as CEO and CFO in the payments  retail and banking industries  most recently as CEO of Payments of Group BPCE and CEO of Natixis Payments. During his tenure at BPCE  Pierre-Antoine focused on product innovation  simplifying the technology and providing excellent customer service to shape a highly competitive and modern payments player in card and account-to-account processing  omnichannel commerce and bank-as-a-service. Before his role at BPCE  Pierre-Antoine headed the Global Merchant Services and Acquiring division of the Ingenico Group. During this period  he oversaw the diversification of Ingenico from a hardware-oriented payments processor to a leading payment services provider.The Board of Directors has determined that the company required a new external profile and is confident that Pierre-Antoine will bring a fresh perspective to Worldline. His priorities will include transforming the company's performance  enhancing the client experience  and strengthening the talent pool and the company’s culture.The Board of Directors extends its heartfelt thanks to Marc-Henri for his contributions to the development of Worldline during his tenure as Deputy CEO and ad interim CEO. His steady leadership since October 2024 has been invaluable and reflecting his unwavering commitment to the company’s success  he will ensure a seamless transition to Pierre-Antoine.Wilfried Verstraete  Chairman of Worldline's Board  stated: ""Pierre-Antoine is a strategic executive with profound industry expertise. His deep understanding of global markets and proven ability to deliver results in challenging environments make him an ideal leader for Worldline. His passion for technology  commitment to positive transformation  and assured leadership and focus on performance and delivery are invaluable assets. We anticipate that under his leadership  Worldline will strengthen its position as a frontrunner in payment technology and drive sustainable value creation.”Pierre-Antoine Vacheron commented: ""I am thrilled to take the leadership of Worldline at this important moment for the company. Worldline has the size and breadth of expertise to be at the forefront of an ever-changing payments industry. I am eager to bring my expertise in integration and transformational changes in international contexts to make it happen  within the framework of a strategic plan that we will craft together with the Board of Directors. I look forward to working closely with our teams  customers and partners to build trust  foster growth  and create value for all our stakeholders.FY 2024 Financial results will be made available on February 26th  2025 and followed by a webcast. All information will be available on the Company’s website (www.worldline.com).Biography :Pierre-Antoine VacheronPierre-Antoine Vacheron brings 30 years of extensive international and transformational experience as CEO and CFO within the banking  retail and payments industries.Pierre-Antoine joins Worldline from BPCE Payments  the payments arm of Groupe BPCE  Europe's fifth-largest retail bank  where he has served as CEO since 2018  making Payments a strategic business for the entire banking group.Over his tenure  Pierre-Antoine Vacheron leveraged his focus on product innovation  technology and customer excellence to shape a highly competitive and modern payments player in card and account-to-account processing (BPCE Payments services)  omnichannel commerce (Payplug) and bank as a service (Xpollens).Before BPCE  Pierre-Antoine Vacheron headed the Merchant Services and Acquiring division of Ingenico Group globally. During this period (2009-2017)  he notably oversaw the company's diversification  contributing to transforming Ingenico  then hardware oriented  into a leading payment services provider  with the strategic acquisitions of Ogone and Global Collect.After graduating from the Ecole Nationale d’Administration  Pierre-Antoine Vacheron held financial leadership roles in international and listed companies  across technological (Airbus  Alstom) and retail (Etam) industries  demonstrating his breadth of expertise in finance  operations and technology.FORTHCOMING EVENTSFebruary 26  2025 FY 2024 resultsApril 23  2025 Q1 2025 revenueJune 5  2025 Annual General Meeting July 30  2025 H1 2025 resultsINVESTOR RELATIONSLaurent MarieE laurent.marie@worldline.comPeter FarrenE peter.farren@worldline.comGuillaume DelaunayE guillaume.delaunay@worldline.comCOMMUNICATIONSandrine van der GhinstE sandrine.vanderghinst@worldline.comHélène CarlanderE helene.carlander@worldline.comABOUT WORLDLINEWorldline [Euronext: WLN] helps businesses of all shapes and sizes to accelerate their growth journey – quickly  simply  and securely. With advanced payments technology  local expertise and solutions customised for hundreds of markets and industries  Worldline powers the growth of over one million businesses around the world. Worldline generated a 4.6 billion euros revenue in 2023. worldline.comWorldline’s corporate purpose (“raison d’être”) is to design and operate leading digital payment and transactional solutions that enable sustainable economic growth and reinforce trust and security in our societies. Worldline makes them environmentally friendly  widely accessible  and supports social transformation.Attachment",neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,mixed,0.8,0.13,0.07,True,English,"['Governance evolution', 'Worldline', 'Ecole Nationale d’Administration', 'leading payment services provider', 'Sandrine van der Ghinst', 'Hélène Carlander', 'INVESTOR RELATIONS Laurent Marie', 'La Défense', 'new external profile', '2025 Annual General Meeting', 'Chief Executive Officer', 'modern payments player', 'hardware-oriented payments processor', 'changing payments industry', 'Global Merchant Services', 'sustainable value creation', 'financial leadership roles', 'profound industry expertise', 'FY 2024 Financial results', 'entire banking group', 'excellent customer service', 'ad interim CEO', 'BPCE Payments services', 'largest retail bank', 'strategic executive', 'payment technology', 'banking industries', 'customer excellence', 'FY 2024 results', 'global markets', 'Global Collect', 'Natixis Payments', 'payments industries', 'payments arm', 'March 1st', 'transformational experience', 'product innovation', 'account processing', 'omnichannel commerce', 'Acquiring division', 'fresh perspective', 'client experience', 'talent pool', 'seamless transition', 'Wilfried Verstraete', 'deep understanding', 'proven ability', 'challenging environments', 'positive transformation', 'invaluable assets', 'important moment', 'transformational changes', 'strategic plan', 'strategic business', 'strategic acquisitions', 'listed companies', 'Etam) industries', 'FORTHCOMING EVENTS', 'Q1 2025 revenue', 'H1 2025 results', 'extensive international', 'international contexts', 'February 25th', 'February 26th', 'steady leadership', 'Groupe BPCE', 'Pierre-Antoine Vacheron', 'Marc-Henri Desportes', 'Ingenico Group', 'Deputy CEO', 'unwavering commitment', 'The Board', 'Peter Farren', 'Guillaume Delaunay', 'Worldline', 'Paris', 'Directors', 'Euronext', 'WLN', 'October', '30 years', 'CFO', 'tenure', 'competitive', 'card', 'period', 'diversification', 'company', 'priorities', 'performance', 'culture', 'heartfelt', 'contributions', 'development', 'success', 'Chairman', 'passion', 'focus', 'delivery', 'position', 'frontrunner', 'size', 'breadth', 'forefront', 'integration', 'framework', 'teams', 'customers', 'partners', 'trust', 'growth', 'stakeholders', 'webcast', 'information', 'website', 'Biography', 'Europe', 'fifth', 'Payplug', 'Xpollens', 'Ogone', 'technological', 'Airbus', 'Alstom', 'finance', 'operations', 'April', 'June', 'COMMUNICATION', 'vanderghinst']",2025-02-25,2025-02-26,globenewswire.com
49069,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2025/02/25/3032274/0/en/Coface-SA-Disclosure-of-trading-in-own-shares-excluding-the-liquidity-agreement-made-on-February-21-2025.html,Coface SA: Disclosure of trading in own shares (excluding the liquidity agreement) made on February 21  2025,COFACE SA: Disclosure of trading in own shares (excluding the liquidity agreement) made on February 21  2025  Paris  25 February – 17.45  Pursuant to......,COFACE SA: Disclosure of trading in own shares (excluding the liquidity agreement) made on February 21  2025Paris  25 February – 17.45Pursuant to Regulation (EU) No 596/2014 of 16 April 2014 on market abuse1The main features of the 2024-2025 Share Buyback Program have been published on the Company’s website (http://www.coface.com/Investors/Disclosure-requirements  under “Own share transactions”) and are also described in the 2023 Universal Registration Document.Trading session of (Date): 21/02/2025Number of shares: 10 000Weighted average price: 16.0826 €Gross amount: 160 826.70 €MIC: XPARPurpose of buyback: LTIPCONTACTSANALYSTS / INVESTORSThomas JACQUET: +33 1 49 02 12 58 – thomas.jacquet@coface.comRina ANDRIAMIADANTSOA: +33 1 49 02 15 85 – rina.andriamiadantsoa@coface.comFINANCIAL CALENDAR 2025(subject to change)Q1-2025 results: 5 May 2025 (after market close)Annual General Shareholders’ Meeting: 14 May 2025H1-2025 results: 31 July 2025 (after market close)9M-2025 results: 3 November 2025 (after market close)FINANCIAL INFORMATIONThis press release  as well as COFACE SA’s integral regulatory information  can be found on the Group’s website: http://www.coface.com/InvestorsFor regulated information on Alternative Performance Measures (APM)  please refer to our Interim Financial Report for H1-2024 and our 2023 Universal Registration Document (see part 3.7 “Key financial performance indicators”).Regulated documents posted by COFACE SA have been secured and authenticated with the blockchain technology by Wiztrust.You can check the authenticity on the website www.wiztrust.com.COFACE: FOR TRADEAs a global leading player in trade credit risk management for more than 75 years  Coface helps companies grow and navigate in an uncertain and volatile environment.Whatever their size  location or sector  Coface provides 100 000 clients across some 200 markets. with a full range of solutions: Trade Credit Insurance  Business Information  Debt Collection  Single Risk insurance  Surety Bonds  Factoring.Every day  Coface leverages its unique expertise and cutting-edge technology to make trade happen  in both domestic and export markets.In 2024  Coface employed ~5 236 people and registered a turnover of €1.84 billion.www.coface.comCOFACE SA is listed in Compartment A of Euronext ParisISIN: FR0010667147 / Ticker: COFA1 Also in pursuant to Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) 2016/1052 of 8 March 2016 (and updates); Article L.225-209 and seq. of the French Commercial Code; Article L.221-3  Article L.241-1 and seq. of the General Regulation of the French Market Authority (AMF); AMF Recommendation DOC-2017-04 Guide for issuers on their own shares transactions and for stabilization measures.Attachment,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,negative,0.0,0.17,0.82,True,English,"['Coface SA', 'liquidity agreement', 'Disclosure', 'trading', 'shares', 'February', 'Annual General Shareholders’ Meeting', 'Key financial performance indicators', '2024-2025 Share Buyback Program', 'trade credit risk management', 'Single Risk insurance', 'Own share transactions', '2023 Universal Registration Document', 'Alternative Performance Measures', 'global leading player', 'Trade Credit Insurance', 'French Commercial Code', 'Interim Financial Report', 'integral regulatory information', 'Commission Delegated Regulation', 'French Market Authority', 'FINANCIAL INFORMATION', 'General Regulation', 'FINANCIAL CALENDAR', 'FOR TRADE', 'stabilization measures', 'regulated information', 'Business Information', 'liquidity agreement', 'main features', 'average price', 'Gross amount', 'Q1-2025 results', 'H1-2025 results', '9M-2025 results', 'press release', 'Regulated documents', 'blockchain technology', 'volatile environment', 'full range', 'Debt Collection', 'Surety Bonds', 'unique expertise', 'cutting-edge technology', 'Compartment A', 'shares transactions', 'market abuse1', 'Trading session', 'export markets', 'Euronext Paris', 'AMF Recommendation', 'COFACE SA', 'Thomas JACQUET', 'Rina ANDRIAMIADANTSOA', '200 markets', 'Disclosure', 'February', '16 April', 'Company', 'website', 'Date', 'Number', 'MIC', 'XPAR', 'Purpose', 'LTIP', 'CONTACTS', 'ANALYSTS', 'INVESTORS', '14 May', 'Group', 'APM', 'Wiztrust', 'authenticity', '75 years', 'companies', 'uncertain', 'size', 'location', 'sector', '100,000 clients', 'solutions', 'Factoring', 'domestic', '~5,236 people', 'turnover', 'ISIN', 'Ticker', '8 March', 'Article', 'Guide', 'issuers', 'Attachment', '1 49 02']",2025-02-25,2025-02-26,globenewswire.com
49070,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2025/02/25/3031663/0/en/ONWARD-Medical-Announces-Publication-of-One-Year-Study-Showing-Benefit-of-Sustained-Access-to-ARC-EX-Therapy.html,ONWARD Medical Announces Publication of One-Year Study Showing Benefit of Sustained Access to ARC-EX Therapy,ONWARD Medical Announces Publication of One-Year Study Showing Benefit of Sustained Access to ARC-EX Therapy......,"Study shows significant functional improvements after one year of ARC-EX TherapyImprovements were observed throughout one-year treatment period with no plateauResults demonstrate the importance of sustained access to ARC-EX TherapyEINDHOVEN  the Netherlands  Feb. 25  2025 (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) -- ONWARD Medical N.V. (Euronext: ONWD)  the medical technology company creating innovative spinal cord stimulation therapies to restore movement  function  and independence in people with spinal cord injury (SCI) and other movement disabilities  today announces the publication of positive results from the investigator-sponsored Pathfinder2 Study in Neuromodulation: Technology at Neural Interface.The peer-reviewed paper details findings from a one-year trial demonstrating that ONWARD ARC-EX Therapy combined with activity-based rehabilitation delivered significant functional improvements when administered to people with SCI in community-based rehabilitation centers.""The Pathfinder2 results published today in Neuromodulation demonstrate people with SCI can make continued gains with sustained access to ARC-EX Therapy "" said Dave Marver  CEO ONWARD Medical. ""Congratulations to the team at Neurokinex for showing ARC-EX Therapy can help people with SCI drive functional recovery without plateau during a one-year treatment period.""The study  sponsored by UK-based Spinal Research  and independently conducted by Neurokinex at its network of community-based rehabilitation centers  enrolled 10 participants with chronic cervical or thoracic SCI. Participants experienced gains in upper body strength  trunk control  and balance  without any indication of plateau in therapeutic benefit after one year of treatment. Some participants also improved lower body movement and enhanced hand and arm strength  especially in grip and dexterity.*""It's now time to stop talking about spinal cord injury as being incurable and to start talking about it as improvable "" said Tara Stewart  Chair Spinal Research. ""This breakthrough device demonstrates that function can be restored. With proper investment in spinal cord research  we can accelerate progress toward meaningful treatments for paralysis. The science shows promise - what we need now is the funding to advance this critical work.""Additionally  3 participants improved their American Spinal Injury Association Impairment Scale (AIS) classification  and 4 demonstrated changes in their neurological level of injury  including a participant who moved from complete to incomplete SCI. These findings reinforce the long-term benefits of continued access to ARC-EX Therapy and suggest further gains may be achievable with extended treatment.""This peer-reviewed publication validates that ONWARD ARC-EX Therapy combined with activity-based rehabilitation can be safely and effectively delivered in community settings "" said Jenny Suggitt  MSc  OTR/L  Lead Investigator of Pathfinder2. ""Most importantly  participants continued to show improvements throughout 120 treatment sessions over a one-year period  suggesting there is potential for further recovery with extended treatment.""""I’m hugely encouraged by the positive outcomes of the Pathfinder2 study and believe ARC-EX Therapy will enable us to deliver even greater gains for people living with a spinal cord injury ” said Harvey Sihota  founder and CEO of Neurokinex. ""There is no doubt that spinal stimulation technologies will take spinal cord injury rehab and outcomes to the next level bringing even more meaningful functional improvements that offer people greater independence.""In December 2024  the ONWARD ARC-EX System® was approved by the US FDA for use in clinic settings. Home use authorization is anticipated later this year. The Company plans to seek CE Mark certification to commercialize the ARC-EX System in Europe in 2025.ONWARD Medical is developing a pipeline of technologies  including its investigational implantable ARC-IM System and its investigational ARC-BCI System  an implanted platform that uses a brain-computer interface (BCI) powered by artificial intelligence (AI). To learn more about ONWARD Medical's commitment to partnering with the SCI Community to develop innovative solutions for restoring movement  function  and independence after spinal cord injury  please visit ONWD.com.To be kept informed about the Company’s technologies  research studies  and the availability of therapies in your area  please complete this webform.About ONWARD MedicalONWARD Medical is a medical technology company creating therapies to restore movement  function  and independence in people with SCI and other movement disabilities. Building on more than a decade of scientific discovery  preclinical research  and clinical studies conducted at leading hospitals  rehabilitation clinics  and neuroscience laboratories  the Company has developed ARC Therapy  which has been awarded ten Breakthrough Device Designations from the US Food and Drug Administration (FDA). In addition to the ARC-EX System  which is now cleared for commercial sale in the US  the Company is developing an implantable system called ARC-IM with and without an implanted brain-computer interface (BCI).Headquartered in the Netherlands  the Company has a Science and Engineering Center in Switzerland and a US office in Boston  Massachusetts. The Company is listed on Euronext Paris  Brussels  and Amsterdam (ticker: ONWD).For more information  visit ONWD.com and connect with us on LinkedIn and YouTube.To be kept informed about the Company’s technologies  research studies  and the availability of therapies in your area  please complete this webform.For Media Inquiries:media@onwd.comFor Investor Inquiries:Investors@onwd.comDisclaimerCertain statements  beliefs  and opinions in this press release are forward-looking  which reflect the Company’s or  as appropriate  the Company directors’ current expectations and projections about future events. By their nature  forward-looking statements involve several risks  uncertainties  and assumptions that could cause actual results or events to differ materially from those expressed or implied by the forward-looking statements. These risks  uncertainties  and assumptions could adversely affect the outcome and financial effects of the plans and events described herein. A multitude of factors including  but not limited to  delays in regulatory approvals  changes in demand  competition  and technology  can cause actual events  performance  or results to differ significantly from any anticipated development. Forward-looking statements contained in this press release regarding past trends or activities should not be taken as a representation that such trends or activities will continue in the future. As a result  the Company expressly disclaims any obligation or undertaking to release any update or revisions to any forward-looking statements in this press release as a result of any change in expectations or any change in events  conditions  assumptions  or circumstances on which these forward-looking statements are based. Neither the Company nor its advisers or representatives nor any of its subsidiary undertakings or any such person’s officers or employees guarantees that the assumptions underlying such forward-looking statements are free from errors nor does either accept any responsibility for the future accuracy of the forward-looking statements contained in this press release or the actual occurrence of the forecasted developments. You should not place undue reliance on forward-looking statements  which speak only as of the date of this press release.*ARC-EX Indication for Use (US): The ARC-EX System is intended to deliver programmed  transcutaneous electrical spinal cord stimulation in conjunction with functional task practice in the clinic to improve hand sensation and strength in individuals between 18 and 75 years old that present with a chronic  non-progressive neurological deficit resulting from an incomplete spinal cord injury (C2-C8 inclusive).Other Investigational Products: All other ONWARD Medical devices and therapies including ARC-IM and ARC-BCI are investigational and not available for commercial use.Trademarks: ONWARD  ARC-EX  ARC-IM  ARC-BCI  and the stylized O-Logo are proprietary and registered trademarks of ONWARD Medical. Unauthorized use is strictly prohibited.",neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,mixed,0.57,0.22,0.21,True,English,"['ONWARD Medical', 'One-Year Study', 'Sustained Access', 'ARC-EX Therapy', 'Publication', 'Benefit', 'American Spinal Injury Association Impairment Scale', 'innovative spinal cord stimulation therapies', 'investigational implantable ARC-IM System', 'spinal cord injury rehab', 'ten Breakthrough Device Designations', 'ONWARD Medical N.V.', 'spinal cord research', 'investigational ARC-BCI System', 'spinal stimulation technologies', 'UK-based Spinal Research', 'Chair Spinal Research', 'CE Mark certification', 'upper body strength', 'community-based rehabilitation centers', 'other movement disabilities', 'lower body movement', 'Home use authorization', 'significant functional improvements', 'ONWARD ARC-EX System®', 'meaningful functional improvements', 'investigator-sponsored Pathfinder2 Study', 'one-year treatment period', 'The Pathfinder2 results', 'ONWARD ARC-EX Therapy', 'medical technology company', 'innovative solutions', 'one-year period', 'research studies', 'preclinical research', 'one-year trial', 'arm strength', 'meaningful treatments', 'activity-based rehabilitation', 'rehabilitation clinics', 'The Company', 'functional recovery', 'ARC Therapy', 'extended treatment', '120 treatment sessions', 'one year', 'sustained access', 'GLOBE NEWSWIRE', 'positive results', 'Neural Interface', 'Dave Marver', 'chronic cervical', 'trunk control', 'therapeutic benefit', 'Tara Stewart', 'proper investment', 'critical work', 'AIS) classification', 'neurological level', 'long-term benefits', 'continued access', 'community settings', 'Jenny Suggitt', 'Lead Investigator', 'Harvey Sihota', 'next level', 'clinic settings', 'brain-computer interface', 'artificial intelligence', 'a decade', 'scientific discovery', 'clinical studies', 'leading hospitals', 'neuroscience laboratories', 'Drug Administration', 'commercial sale', 'US Food', 'continued gains', 'peer-reviewed publication', 'positive outcomes', 'greater gains', 'thoracic SCI', 'incomplete SCI', 'SCI Community', 'greater independence', 'US FDA', 'plateau', 'importance', 'EINDHOVEN', 'Netherlands', 'Euronext', 'ONWD', 'people', 'Neuromodulation', 'paper', 'findings', 'CEO', 'Congratulations', 'team', 'Neurokinex', 'network', '10 participants', 'balance', 'indication', 'hand', 'grip', 'dexterity', 'time', 'progress', 'paralysis', 'promise', 'funding', '3 participants', 'changes', 'MSc', 'OTR/L', 'potential', 'founder', 'doubt', 'December', 'Europe', 'pipeline', 'platform', 'commitment', 'availability', 'area', 'webform', 'addition', '4']",2025-02-25,2025-02-26,globenewswire.com
49071,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.etfdailynews.com/2025/02/25/van-eck-associates-corp-has-27000-position-in-invesco-sp-500-equal-weight-etf-nysearcarsp/,Van ECK Associates Corp Has $27 000 Position in Invesco S&P 500 Equal Weight ETF (NYSEARCA:RSP),Van ECK Associates Corp grew its stake in shares of Invesco S&P 500 Equal Weight ETF (NYSEARCA:RSP – Free Report) by 105.4% in the fourth quarter  according to its most recent disclosure with the SEC. The fund owned 152 shares of the company’s stock after buy…,Van ECK Associates Corp grew its stake in shares of Invesco S&P 500 Equal Weight ETF (NYSEARCA:RSP – Free Report) by 105.4% in the fourth quarter  according to its most recent disclosure with the SEC. The fund owned 152 shares of the company’s stock after buying an additional 78 shares during the period. Van ECK Associates Corp’s holdings in Invesco S&P 500 Equal Weight ETF were worth $27 000 as of its most recent filing with the SEC.A number of other large investors have also made changes to their positions in the stock. SJS Investment Consulting Inc. increased its stake in Invesco S&P 500 Equal Weight ETF by 157.1% in the fourth quarter. SJS Investment Consulting Inc. now owns 144 shares of the company’s stock valued at $25 000 after acquiring an additional 88 shares during the period. GHP Investment Advisors Inc. increased its stake in Invesco S&P 500 Equal Weight ETF by 79.1% in the third quarter. GHP Investment Advisors Inc. now owns 163 shares of the company’s stock valued at $29 000 after acquiring an additional 72 shares during the period. Truvestments Capital LLC bought a new stake in Invesco S&P 500 Equal Weight ETF in the third quarter valued at about $29 000. Bristlecone Advisors LLC bought a new stake in Invesco S&P 500 Equal Weight ETF in the third quarter valued at about $33 000. Finally  Riggs Asset Managment Co. Inc. increased its stake in Invesco S&P 500 Equal Weight ETF by 146.7% in the third quarter. Riggs Asset Managment Co. Inc. now owns 185 shares of the company’s stock valued at $33 000 after acquiring an additional 110 shares during the period.Get Invesco S&P 500 Equal Weight ETF alerts:Invesco S&P 500 Equal Weight ETF Trading Up 0.1 %Shares of Invesco S&P 500 Equal Weight ETF stock opened at $179.97 on Tuesday. The stock has a market capitalization of $60.28 billion  a price-to-earnings ratio of 20.44 and a beta of 0.90. Invesco S&P 500 Equal Weight ETF has a 1-year low of $158.83 and a 1-year high of $188.16. The firm’s 50-day moving average price is $178.90 and its two-hundred day moving average price is $178.65.Invesco S&P 500 Equal Weight ETF Company ProfileGuggenheim S&P 500 Equal Weight ETF  formerly Rydex S&P 500 Equal Weight ETF  seeks to replicate as closely as possible  the daily performance of the S&P 500 Equal Weight Index (the Index). The Index is a capitalization-weighted index covering 500 industrial  utility  transportation and financial companies of the United States markets (mostly NYSE Euronext issues).See AlsoWant to see what other hedge funds are holding RSP? Visit HoldingsChannel.com to get the latest 13F filings and insider trades for Invesco S&P 500 Equal Weight ETF (NYSEARCA:RSP – Free Report).Receive News & Ratings for Invesco S&P 500 Equal Weight ETF Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Invesco S&P 500 Equal Weight ETF and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,True,English,"['Invesco S&P 500 Equal Weight ETF', 'Van ECK Associates Corp', '$27,000 Position', 'NYSEARCA', 'RSP', 'Invesco S&P 500 Equal Weight ETF Company Profile', 'Invesco S&P 500 Equal Weight ETF alerts', 'Invesco S&P 500 Equal Weight ETF stock', 'Guggenheim S&P 500 Equal Weight ETF', 'Rydex S&P 500 Equal Weight ETF', 'S&P 500 Equal Weight Index', 'Riggs Asset Managment Co. Inc.', 'two-hundred day moving average price', 'SJS Investment Consulting Inc.', '50-day moving average price', 'Van ECK Associates Corp', 'GHP Investment Advisors Inc.', 'FREE daily email newsletter', 'Bristlecone Advisors LLC', 'other large investors', 'Truvestments Capital LLC', 'United States markets', 'NYSE Euronext issues', 'other hedge funds', 'concise daily summary', 'latest 13F filings', 'daily performance', 'email address', 'Free Report', 'The Index', 'capitalization-weighted index', 'fourth quarter', 'recent disclosure', 'recent filing', 'third quarter', 'market capitalization', 'earnings ratio', '1-year low', '1-year high', 'financial companies', 'insider trades', 'latest news', 'related companies', 'NYSEARCA:RSP', ""analysts' ratings"", 'MarketBeat.com', 'additional 78 shares', 'additional 88 shares', 'additional 72 shares', 'additional 110 shares', 'new stake', '152 shares', '144 shares', '163 shares', '185 shares', 'SEC', 'period', 'holdings', 'number', 'changes', 'positions', 'Tuesday', 'beta', 'firm', 'transportation']",2025-02-25,2025-02-26,etfdailynews.com
49072,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2025/02/25/3032291/0/en/ASM-announces-fourth-quarter-2024-results.html,ASM announces fourth quarter 2024 results,Almere  The NetherlandsFebruary 25  2025  6 p.m. CET   Eighth consecutive year of double-digit full-year growth  outperforming WFE in 2024   ASM......,Almere  The NetherlandsFebruary 25  2025  6 p.m. CETEighth consecutive year of double-digit full-year growth  outperforming WFE in 2024ASM International N.V. (Euronext Amsterdam: ASM) today reports its Q4 2024 results (unaudited).Financial highlights€ million Q4 2023 Q3 2024 Q4 2024 New orders 677.5 815.3 731.4 yoy change % at constant currencies (14%) 30% 8%Revenue 632.9 778.6 809.0 yoy change % at constant currencies (7%) 26% 27%Gross profit margin % 47.2 % 49.4 % 50.3 % Adjusted gross profit margin 1 47.9 % 49.4 % 50.3 %Operating result 131.5 215.2 222.3 Operating result margin % 20.8 % 27.6 % 27.5 %Adjusted operating result 1 141.0 219.9 227.0 Adjusted operating result margin 1 22.3 % 28.2 % 28.1 %Net earnings 90.9 127.9 225.8 Adjusted net earnings 1 100.3 133.6 231.51 Adjusted figures are non-IFRS performance measures. Refer to Annex 3 for a reconciliation of non-IFRS performance measures.New orders of €731 million in Q4 2024 increased YoY by 8% at constant currencies (also 8% as reported)  with the increase again mainly driven by solid demand for gate-all-around (GAA) and high-bandwidth memory (HBM) DRAM.Revenue of €809 million increased by 27% at constant currencies (increased by 28% as reported) from Q4 of last year and at the upper end of the guidance (€770-810 million).YoY improvement in adjusted gross profit margin is due to strong mix.Adjusted operating result margin increased to 28.1%  compared to 22.3% in Q4 2023 mainly due to higher gross margin and a moderation in SG&A  partially offset by higher investments in R&D.Revenue for Q1 2025 is expected to be in the range of €810-850 million.Comment“ASM continued to deliver a solid performance in 2024. Sales increased by 12% at constant currencies  outperforming the wafer fab equipment (WFE) market which increased by a mid-single digit percentage in 2024. This marks our company’s eighth consecutive year of double-digit growth.” said Hichem M’Saad  CEO of ASM. “Revenue in Q4 2024 increased to €809 million  up 27% year-on-year at constant currencies and at the top end of our guidance of €770-810 million. The revenue increase in Q4 was driven by higher sales in leading-edge logic/foundry. Q4 bookings of €731 million increased  at constant currencies  by 8% from Q4 2023. Bookings were down from the level in Q3 2024  which was in part explained by order pull-ins from Q4 2024 to Q3 2024  as communicated last quarter. GAA-related orders increased strongly from Q3 to Q4  but this was offset by a drop in China demand. The gross margin came in at 50.3% in Q4 2024. Operating margin of 28.1% increased by nearly 6% points compared to Q4 2023.Growth in the WFE market was uneven in 2024: AI-related segments continued to increase strongly  but other parts of the market showed a mixed performance. For ASM  this meant strong momentum in our GAA-related applications. With the mix shifting from pilot-line to high-volume manufacturing  both quarterly GAA-related sales and orders increased strongly in the course of 2024. We also saw a surge in demand for HBM-related  high-performance DRAM applications in 2024. This fueled a rebound in our total memory sales from a relatively low level of 11% in 2023 to a very strong level of 25% in 2024. Sales from the Chinese market remained strong in 2024  but dropped from the first half to the second half and also from Q3 to Q4  as expected. Sales in the power/analog/wafer market dropped by a significant double-digit percentage in 2024  reflecting the cyclical slowdown in the automotive and industrial end markets. Our SiC Epi increased by a mid-single digit percentage in 2024. While this was below our prior expectation of double-digit growth  we believe it was still a robust performance in view of significant weakening of the SiC market in 2024.Financial results were again strong in 2024. Adjusted gross margin increased to 50.5% in 2024  supported by mix  a continued substantial contribution from the Chinese market  and improvements in our operations to reduce costs. In 2024  adjusted operating profit increased by 17%. We further stepped up adjusted net R&D spending (+20%) in view of our growing pipeline of opportunities  while the increase in adjusted SG&A expenses moderated (+3%)  reflecting ongoing cost control. Free cash flow increased by 23% in 2024 to a record-high level of €548 million.We remain on track towards our strategic targets and continue to invest in our people  in innovation and expansion  including in our planned new facilities in Hwaseong  Korea  and Scottsdale  Arizona. We also made further strides in accelerating sustainability. We published our Climate Transition Plan last year  and  as a first milestone  we achieved our target of 100% renewable electricity in 2024  which contributed to a 52% drop in our combined Scope 1 and 2 GHG emissions.”OutlookMarket conditions continue to be mixed looking into 2025  with WFE spending expected to increase slightly. Leading-edge logic/foundry is expected to show the highest growth in 2025. There have been some further shifts in capex forecasts among customers in this segment  but overall our forecast for a substantial increase in GAA-related sales in 2025 is unchanged. In memory  we expect healthy sales in 2025  supported by continued solid demand for HBM-related DRAM  although it is too early to tell if memory sales will be at the same very strong level as in 2024. The power/analog/wafer segments are still in a cyclical correction with no signs of a recovery in the near term. In SiC Epi  the outlook further weakened. Taking into account the recently announced new U.S. export controls and as communicated in our press release of December 4  2024  our China revenue is expected to decrease in 2025  with equipment sales from this market falling in a range of low-to-high 20s percentage of total ASM revenue.We confirm our target for revenue in a range of €3.2-3.6 billion in 2025  but it is too early to provide a more specific forecast due to market uncertainty and as visibility for the second half of the year is still limited.At constant currencies  we expect revenue for Q1 2025 to be in a range of €810-850 million  with a projected further increase in Q2 compared to Q1.Share buyback programASM announces today that its Management Board authorized a new repurchase program of up to €150 million of the company's common shares within the 2025/2026 time frame. This repurchase program is part of ASM's commitment to use excess cash for the benefit of its shareholders.Dividend proposalASM will propose to the forthcoming 2025 Annual General Meeting on May 12  2025  to declare a regular dividend of €3.00 per common share over 2024  up from €2.75 per common share over 2023.Modification in spares & service revenue reporting definitionEffective 2025  ASM will include installation and qualification revenue as part of spares & services revenue aligning with our business organization structure at ASM. Further details of the quarterly and full-year impact on 2024 revenue can be found in annex 4.About ASMASM International N.V.  headquartered in Almere  the Netherlands  and its subsidiaries design and manufacture equipment and process solutions to produce semiconductor devices for wafer processing  and have facilities in the United States  Europe  and Asia. ASM International's common stock trades on the Euronext Amsterdam Stock Exchange (symbol: ASM). For more information  visit ASM's website at www.asm.com.Cautionary note regarding forward-looking statements: All matters discussed in this press release  except for any historical data  are forward-looking statements. Forward-looking statements involve risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from those in the forward-looking statements. These include  but are not limited to  economic conditions and trends in the semiconductor industry generally and the timing of the industry cycles specifically  currency fluctuations  corporate transactions  financing and liquidity matters  the success of restructurings  the timing of significant orders  market acceptance of new products  competitive factors  litigation involving intellectual property  shareholders or other issues  commercial and economic disruption due to natural disasters  terrorist activity  armed conflict or political instability  changes in import/export regulations  epidemics  pandemics and other risks indicated in the company's reports and financial statements. The company assumes no obligation nor intends to update or revise any forward-looking statements to reflect future developments or circumstances.This press release contains inside information within the meaning of Article 7(1) of the EU Market Abuse Regulation.Quarterly earnings conference call detailsASM will host the quarterly earnings conference call and webcast on Wednesday  February 26  2025  at 3:00 p.m. CET.Conference-call participants should pre-register using this link to receive the dial-in numbers  passcode and a personal PIN  which are required to access the conference call.A simultaneous audio webcast and replay will be accessible at this link.,neutral,0.05,0.95,0.0,neutral,0.07,0.9,0.03,True,English,"['fourth quarter 2024 results', 'ASM', 'ASM International N.V.', 'HBM-related, high-performance DRAM applications', 'net R&D spending', 'wafer fab equipment', 'mid-single digit percentage', 'Hichem M’Saad', 'ongoing cost control', 'Free cash flow', 'Climate Transition Plan', 'IFRS performance measures', 'industrial end markets', 'Eighth consecutive year', 'Gross profit margin', 'significant double-digit percentage', 'SG&A expenses', 'Operating result margin', 'higher gross margin', 'double-digit full-year growth', 'total memory sales', 'R&D.', 'operating profit', 'Operating margin', 'GAA-related applications', 'Net earnings', 'high-bandwidth memory', 'double-digit growth', 'significant weakening', 'WFE spending', 'solid performance', 'mixed performance', 'robust performance', 'upper end', 'higher investments', 'top end', 'last year', 'The Netherlands', 'Euronext Amsterdam', 'Financial highlights', 'constant currencies', 'higher sales', 'leading-edge logic/foundry', 'order pull-ins', 'AI-related segments', 'other parts', 'strong momentum', 'high-volume manufacturing', 'first half', 'second half', 'cyclical slowdown', 'SiC Epi', 'prior expectation', 'Financial results', 'substantial contribution', 'growing pipeline', 'strategic targets', 'new facilities', 'first milestone', '100% renewable electricity', '2 GHG emissions', 'highest growth', 'New orders', 'GAA-related orders', 'low level', 'strong level', 'Chinese market', 'power/analog/wafer market', 'SiC market', 'record-high level', 'Market conditions', 'solid demand', 'strong mix', 'China demand', 'mix shifting', 'GAA-related sales', 'YoY improvement', '1 Adjusted figures', 'WFE market', 'Q4 2024 results', 'Q4 bookings', 'revenue increase', 'Almere', 'February', 'CET', 'Annex', 'reconciliation', 'guidance', 'moderation', 'Q1', 'range', 'Comment', 'company', 'CEO', 'Q3', 'drop', '6% points', 'pilot-line', 'quarterly', 'course', 'surge', 'rebound', 'automotive', 'view', 'improvements', 'operations', 'costs', 'opportunities', 'track', 'people', 'innovation', 'expansion', 'Hwaseong', 'Korea', 'Scottsdale', 'Arizona', 'strides', 'sustainability', 'Scope', 'Outlook', 'furth', '2.3', '5']",2025-02-25,2025-02-26,globenewswire.com
49073,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.etfdailynews.com/2025/02/25/public-storage-nysepsa-shares-acquired-by-venturi-wealth-management-llc/,Public Storage (NYSE:PSA) Shares Acquired by Venturi Wealth Management LLC,Venturi Wealth Management LLC lifted its stake in shares of Public Storage (NYSE:PSA – Free Report) by 156.0% in the fourth quarter  HoldingsChannel.com reports. The institutional investor owned 233 shares of the real estate investment trust’s stock after pur…,Venturi Wealth Management LLC lifted its stake in shares of Public Storage (NYSE:PSA – Free Report) by 156.0% in the fourth quarter  HoldingsChannel.com reports. The institutional investor owned 233 shares of the real estate investment trust’s stock after purchasing an additional 142 shares during the period. Venturi Wealth Management LLC’s holdings in Public Storage were worth $70 000 as of its most recent SEC filing.Other institutional investors and hedge funds have also made changes to their positions in the company. Sumitomo Mitsui DS Asset Management Company Ltd grew its position in shares of Public Storage by 5.0% during the fourth quarter. Sumitomo Mitsui DS Asset Management Company Ltd now owns 53 729 shares of the real estate investment trust’s stock worth $16 089 000 after buying an additional 2 566 shares in the last quarter. Larson Financial Group LLC grew its position in shares of Public Storage by 3 714.6% during the third quarter. Larson Financial Group LLC now owns 1 831 shares of the real estate investment trust’s stock worth $666 000 after buying an additional 1 783 shares in the last quarter. Capital Investment Advisors LLC grew its position in shares of Public Storage by 25.4% during the fourth quarter. Capital Investment Advisors LLC now owns 28 608 shares of the real estate investment trust’s stock worth $8 566 000 after buying an additional 5 793 shares in the last quarter. BNP PARIBAS ASSET MANAGEMENT Holding S.A. grew its position in shares of Public Storage by 114.2% during the third quarter. BNP PARIBAS ASSET MANAGEMENT Holding S.A. now owns 91 521 shares of the real estate investment trust’s stock worth $33 302 000 after buying an additional 48 803 shares in the last quarter. Finally  Swedbank AB lifted its stake in Public Storage by 31.9% during the third quarter. Swedbank AB now owns 154 167 shares of the real estate investment trust’s stock worth $56 097 000 after purchasing an additional 37 285 shares during the last quarter. 78.79% of the stock is owned by institutional investors and hedge funds.Get Public Storage alerts:Insider Transactions at Public StorageIn other news  insider Nathaniel A. Vitan sold 450 shares of the company’s stock in a transaction that occurred on Friday  December 13th. The stock was sold at an average price of $317.99  for a total transaction of $143 095.50. Following the completion of the sale  the insider now owns 2 364 shares in the company  valued at $751 728.36. This represents a 15.99 % decrease in their ownership of the stock. The transaction was disclosed in a document filed with the Securities & Exchange Commission  which is available through this link. Company insiders own 11.00% of the company’s stock.Public Storage Price PerformanceShares of NYSE PSA opened at $302.33 on Tuesday. The company has a current ratio of 0.97  a quick ratio of 0.97 and a debt-to-equity ratio of 1.77. Public Storage has a twelve month low of $256.31 and a twelve month high of $369.99. The stock has a 50 day moving average of $297.86 and a two-hundred day moving average of $325.51. The stock has a market cap of $52.94 billion  a P/E ratio of 31.39  a P/E/G ratio of 4.91 and a beta of 0.74.Public Storage (NYSE:PSA – Get Free Report) last released its quarterly earnings results on Monday  February 24th. The real estate investment trust reported $4.21 EPS for the quarter  missing the consensus estimate of $4.23 by ($0.02). Public Storage had a return on equity of 34.07% and a net margin of 40.54%. On average  research analysts forecast that Public Storage will post 16.7 earnings per share for the current year.Analysts Set New Price TargetsPSA has been the subject of several recent analyst reports. Barclays decreased their target price on Public Storage from $380.00 to $361.00 and set an “overweight” rating for the company in a research note on Monday  January 13th. Deutsche Bank Aktiengesellschaft upgraded Public Storage from a “sell” rating to a “hold” rating and boosted their target price for the stock from $298.00 to $299.00 in a research note on Friday  January 10th. Truist Financial boosted their target price on Public Storage from $306.00 to $340.00 and gave the stock a “hold” rating in a research note on Thursday  December 5th. Royal Bank of Canada decreased their target price on Public Storage from $358.00 to $344.00 and set a “sector perform” rating for the company in a research note on Friday  November 8th. Finally  Wells Fargo & Company decreased their target price on Public Storage from $365.00 to $330.00 and set an “overweight” rating for the company in a research note on Friday. Seven equities research analysts have rated the stock with a hold rating  five have assigned a buy rating and two have assigned a strong buy rating to the company. According to data from MarketBeat  the stock presently has an average rating of “Moderate Buy” and an average price target of $341.85.View Our Latest Report on Public StoragePublic Storage Profile(Free Report)Public Storage  a member of the S&P 500 and FT Global 500  is a REIT that primarily acquires  develops  owns  and operates self-storage facilities. At December 31  2023  we had: (i) interests in 3 044 self-storage facilities located in 40 states with approximately 218 million net rentable square feet in the United States and (ii) a 35% common equity interest in Shurgard Self Storage Limited (Euronext Brussels: SHUR)  which owned 275 self-storage facilities located in seven Western European nations with approximately 15 million net rentable square feet operated under the Shurgard brand.Read MoreWant to see what other hedge funds are holding PSA? Visit HoldingsChannel.com to get the latest 13F filings and insider trades for Public Storage (NYSE:PSA – Free Report).Receive News & Ratings for Public Storage Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Public Storage and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,negative,0.01,0.38,0.61,True,English,"['Venturi Wealth Management LLC', 'Public Storage', 'NYSE', 'PSA', 'Shares', 'BNP PARIBAS ASSET MANAGEMENT Holding S.A.', 'Sumitomo Mitsui DS Asset Management Company Ltd', 'Venturi Wealth Management LLC', 'real estate investment trust', 'Capital Investment Advisors LLC', 'several recent analyst reports', 'Larson Financial Group LLC', 'two-hundred day moving average', 'Public Storage Price Performance Shares', 'Seven equities research analysts', 'Nathaniel A. Vitan', '50 day moving average', 'recent SEC filing', 'New Price Targets', 'Deutsche Bank Aktiengesellschaft', 'sector perform” rating', 'twelve month low', 'quarterly earnings results', 'Get Free Report', 'strong buy rating', 'average price target', 'Public Storage alerts', 'Public Storage Profile', 'Other institutional investors', 'S&P 500', 'Truist Financial', 'average rating', 'target price', 'other news', 'Royal Bank', 'Moderate Buy', 'research note', 'Latest Report', 'overweight” rating', 'sell” rating', 'hold” rating', 'hold rating', 'HoldingsChannel.com', 'hedge funds', 'Swedbank AB', 'Exchange Commission', 'Company insiders', 'current ratio', 'quick ratio', 'market cap', 'P/E ratio', 'P/E/G ratio', 'consensus estimate', 'net margin', 'current year', 'Wells Fargo', 'FT Global 500', 'fourth quarter', 'last quarter', 'third quarter', 'additional 142 shares', 'additional 2,566 shares', 'additional 1,783 shares', 'additional 5,793 shares', 'additional 48,803 shares', 'additional 37,285 shares', 'equity ratio', 'January 10th', 'Insider Transactions', 'total transaction', 'NYSE:PSA', 'NYSE PSA', '16.7 earnings', '233 shares', '53,729 shares', '1,831 shares', '28,608 shares', '91,521 shares', '154,167 shares', '450 shares', '2,364 shares', 'stake', 'stock', 'period', 'changes', 'positions', 'Friday', 'December', 'completion', 'sale', '15.99 % decrease', 'ownership', 'document', 'Securities', 'link', 'Tuesday', 'debt', 'beta', 'Monday', 'February', 'return', 'subject', 'Barclays', 'Thursday', 'Canada', 'November', 'data', 'MarketBeat', 'member', 'REIT', '11.']",2025-02-25,2025-02-26,etfdailynews.com
49074,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2025/02/25/3032267/0/en/THEON-s-strong-presence-at-the-international-exhibition-IDEX-2025-in-Abu-Dhabi-presenting-its-new-A-R-M-E-D-ecosystem-of-Augmented-Reality-devices-for-the-Soldier-of-the-Future.html,THEON’s strong presence at the international exhibition IDEX 2025 in Abu Dhabi  presenting its new A.R.M.E.D. ecosystem of Augmented Reality devices for the “Soldier of the Future”,Press Release  Bloomberg (THEON:NA) / Reuters (THEON.AS)     25th February 2025. THEON's participation in the IDEX-NAVDEX 2025 (International Defense......,"Press ReleaseBloomberg (THEON:NA) / Reuters (THEON.AS)25th February 2025. THEON's participation in the IDEX-NAVDEX 2025 (International Defense Equipment Exhibition) held in Abu Dhabi  United Arab Emirates  on 17-21 February 2025  was completed with a strong presence.At THEON's stand at IDEX-NAVDEX 2025  which is characterized as one of the largest international exhibitions in the field of defense and security  the integrated solution of the A.R.M.E.D. ecosystem of connected devices had a dominant position  apart from the company's already best-selling night vision and thermal imaging systems. THEON presented its new Augmented Reality Modular Ecosystem of Devices (A.R.M.E.D.)  in partnership with its subcontractor software company SCYTALYS  as its proposal for the ""Soldier of the Future"".The A.R.M.E.D. ecosystem of devices is an integrated system that radically upgrades the capabilities of the modern fighter  increasing tactical situational awareness  effectiveness  and survivability.The A.R.M.E.D. ecosystem today includes the following devices:1. THEON 's integrated fused night vision binocular “ORION"" which provides a fused intensified and thermal image in one integrated device and thus enables the modern fighter with better detection capabilities even under adverse light conditions while also being able to provide critical augmented reality information directly in the user's field of view.2. As an alternative to ORION and following a modular approach that allows upgrades of existing night vision equipment  THEON presents its thermal Clip-on device ""IRIS-C""  which can be mounted on all THEON night vision goggles such as the MIKRON  NYX or ARGUS  but also on any other night vision goggle in the market. Similar to the ORION  the IRIS provides fused imagery and can display critical augmented reality data to the user  such as friend and foe recognition or target recognition and marking.3. For daytime use  THEON offers the state-of-the-art Heads-Up Display ""THEA""  which displays the same tactical augmented reality data and any video input coming  for example  from any other available electro-optical sensors.4. All the above devices are connected to THEON's Smart Battery Pack (SBP) or  alternatively  to its Smart Gateway  which are the power/processing units that interface with the Battle Management System (BMS).The A.R.M.E.D. ecosystem can be connected to any Battle Management system. During IDEX  the A.R.M.E.D. ecosystem was displayed cooperating with the SCYTALYS’ MIMS Ranger and the SCYTALYS’ Combat Tablet  which is the size of a mobile phone and adapts to the user's protection carrier at chest level. Through such a tablet  the fighter can operate the BMS and select the type of data displayed in the A.R.M.E.D. devices.The success of the new ecosystem of connected A.R.M.E.D. devices was confirmed following recent announcements of new orders totaling €53mio  with the bulk of these new orders coming from the German Army as part of the ongoing ""Soldier of the Future"" (IdZ) program. These orders concerned THEON's new Heads-Up Display system ""THEA"" and the Smart Gateway  both part of the above A.R.M.E.D. product line  demonstrating the international lead of the new ecosystem of devices and underlining its potential for significant new sales in this segment. THEON expects further orders from countries that have enacted such “Soldier of the Future” programs.Philippe Mennicken  Business Development Director at THEON  said: ""THEON continues to lead the way  setting new standards for the “Soldier of the Future” and enhancing the capabilities of modern military forces worldwide. The tremendous reception of our A.R.M.E.D. ecosystem of devices at IDEX confirms the need of today’s soldiers for better imagery and enhanced situational awareness. THEON is once more leading the way in this field  which is also demonstrated by our strong recent order intake"".THEON presented the A.R.M.E.D. ecosystem  in partnership with SCYTALYS  as its proposal for the ""Soldier of the Future”The ORION fused goggle  part of the A.R.M.E.D. ecosystemThe Greek Minister of Defense  Nikos Dendias  during his visit to THEON’s booth. THEON also welcomes Mr. Ali Al Ashban  CEO of NCMS  and Mr Fahad Alessa  Chief Commercial & Product Development Officer of NCMS. THEON shares a long-standing strategic relationship with NCMSPhoto from THEON’s booth in IDEX 2025Photo from THEON’s booth in IDEX 2025 with TALOS SR in the foreground  an advanced ISR (Intelligence  Surveillance & Reconnaissance) solution tailored for land applications#THEONInternational #NightVision #ThermalImaging #MilitaryTechnology #DefenseIndustry #NATO #SecurityForcesFor more information  please contact:Investor Relations:Nikos MalesiotisE-Mail: ir@theon.comTel: +30 210 6772290 Media Contact:Elli MichouE-Mail: press@theon.comTel: +30 210 6728610About THEON GROUPTHEON GROUP of companies develops and manufactures cutting-edge night vision and thermal Imaging systems for Defense and Security applications with a global footprint. THEON GROUP started its operations in 1997 from Greece and today occupies a leading role in the sector thanks to its international presence through subsidiaries and production facilities in Greece  Cyprus  Germany  the Baltics  the United States  the Gulf States  Switzerland  Denmark  Belgium  Singapore and South Korea. THEON GROUP has more than 200 000 systems in service with Armed and Special Forces in 71 countries around the world  26 of which are NATO countries. ΤΗΕΟΝ ΙΝΤΕRNATIONAL PLC has been listed on Euronext Amsterdam (AMS: THEON) since February 2024. www.theon.comAttachment",neutral,0.06,0.93,0.0,positive,0.67,0.33,0.0,True,English,"['new A.R.M.E.D. ecosystem', 'Augmented Reality devices', 'strong presence', 'international exhibition', 'Abu Dhabi', 'THEON', 'IDEX', 'Soldier', 'Future', 'A.R.M.E.D. product line', 'The A.R.M.E.D. ecosystem', 'A.R.M.E.D. devices', 'same tactical augmented reality data', 'new Augmented Reality Modular Ecosystem', 'fused night vision binocular “ORION', 'critical augmented reality data', 'other available electro-optical sensors', 'existing night vision equipment', 'critical augmented reality information', 'Mr. Ali Al Ashban', 'other night vision goggle', 'strong recent order intake', 'THEON night vision goggles', 'International Defense Equipment Exhibition', 'new Heads-Up Display system', 'The Greek Minister', 'Product Development Officer', 'selling night vision', 'cutting-edge night vision', 'art Heads-Up Display', 'Mr Fahad Alessa', 'United Arab Emirates', 'largest international exhibitions', 'tactical situational awareness', 'adverse light conditions', 'Battle Management System', 'Business Development Director', 'standing strategic relationship', 'significant new sales', 'thermal imaging systems', 'Smart Battery Pack', 'modern military forces', 'new ecosystem', 'subcontractor software company', 'SCYTALYS’ MIMS Ranger', 'The ORION', 'one integrated device', 'SCYTALYS’ Combat Tablet', 'modular approach', 'integrated system', 'strong presence', 'fused intensified', 'recent announcements', 'international lead', 'new standards', 'thermal image', 'thermal Clip', 'fused imagery', 'integrated solution', 'connected devices', 'following devices', 'Smart Gateway', 'new orders', 'Press Release', '25th February', 'Abu Dhabi', '17-21 February', 'dominant position', 'modern fighter', 'daytime use', 'video input', 'power/processing units', 'mobile phone', 'protection carrier', 'chest level', 'German Army', 'IdZ) program', 'Philippe Mennicken', 'tremendous reception', 'Nikos Dendias', 'Chief Commercial', 'TALOS SR', 'advanced ISR', 'Intelligence, Surveillance', 'Reconnaissance) solution', 'land applications', 'Investor Relations', 'Nikos Malesiotis', 'Media Contact', 'Elli Michou', 'global footprint', 'foe recognition', 'Security applications', 'detection capabilities', 'THEON.AS', 'THEON GROUP', 'Bloomberg', 'Reuters', 'participation', 'IDEX-NAVDEX 2025', 'field', 'partnership', 'proposal', 'Soldier', 'Future', 'effectiveness', 'survivability', 'user', 'view', 'alternative', 'upgrades', 'IRIS-C', 'MIKRON', 'NYX', 'ARGUS', 'market', 'friend', 'target', 'marking', 'state', 'THEA', 'example', 'SBP', 'BMS', 'size', 'type', 'success', 'bulk', 'potential', 'segment', 'countries', 'programs', 'need', 'today', 'enhanced', 'visit', 'booth', 'CEO', 'NCMS', 'long', 'Photo', 'foreground', 'ThermalImaging', 'MilitaryTechnology', 'DefenseIndustry', 'NATO', 'SecurityForces', 'companies']",2025-02-25,2025-02-26,globenewswire.com
49075,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2025/02/25/3031661/0/en/Dassault-Syst%C3%A8mes-Announces-Centric-Software-s-Acquisition-of-AI-Powered-PXM-Solution-Contentserv.html,Dassault Systèmes Announces Centric Software’s Acquisition of AI-Powered PXM Solution  Contentserv,Press ReleaseVELIZY-VILLACOUBLAY  France — February 25  2025  Dassault Systèmes Announces Centric Software’s Acquisition of AI-Powered PXM Solution ......,"Press ReleaseVELIZY-VILLACOUBLAY  France — February 25  2025Dassault Systèmes Announces Centric Software’s Acquisition of AI-Powered PXM Solution  ContentservContentserv provides the all-in-one cloud-based platform for PIM  DAM  Content Syndication and Digital Shelf Analytics (DSA)Platform enables FMCG companies to craft and optimize product content to reduce time to market  increase product sell-through and curate personalized consumer experiencesDassault Systèmes (Euronext Paris: FR0014003TT8  DSY.PA) today announced that its subsidiary Centric Software  the Product Lifecycle Management (PLM) market leader  has signed an agreement to acquire Contentserv  a leading provider of product information management (PIM) and product experience management (PXM) solutions for an enterprise valueof €220 million. Centric Software provides the most innovative enterprise solutions to plan  design  develop  source  price and sell products such as apparel  fashion  home  footwear  sporting goods  consumer electronics  cosmetics  food & beverage and luxury to achieve strategic and operational digital transformation goals.Founded in Germany in 2000  Contentserv enables fast-moving consumer goods and other companies to create and manage product content intuitively and effectively by means of AI to optimize consumer experiences across all digital sales channels. With Contentserv solutions  retailers  brands and manufacturers are able to execute strategies such as more or simply better product offers  regions and sales channels for increased product sell-through.With over 1600 customers in 90 countries  Contentserv users have reported ROI such as a 30% reduction in time to market  70% faster catalog creation  75% more accurate product information and increased sales channel coverage in more languages.Fashion and consumer goods brands and retailers continue to pivot around changing consumer trends and constantly evolving stock keeping units (SKUs) while also diversifying sales channels including own-stores  own e-commerce sites  marketplaces and social media. Harnessing and leveraging product information from inception through to commercialization are critical steps that not only reduce time to market  improve market success and also ensure accuracy for compliance labeling. Consumer loyalty is also increased via contextualized and personalized brand experiences.“At Contentserv  we don’t just manage product data – we transform it into seamless  high-converting product experiences that drive revenue ” explained Michael Kugler  CEO of Contentserv. “This data flows in from multiple sources and formats and consumers expect accurate  rich and engaging product experiences  anytime  anywhere and across every conceivable channel and touchpoint. “Manufacturers and retailers strive to continuously refine and optimize product presentation based on insights from consumers  competitors and marketplaces. Contentserv meets these challenges with our AI-powered Product Experience Cloud (PXC)  transforming product data into real revenue.""“We are thrilled to welcome Contentserv to the Centric Software family. Both companies share a customer-focused  innovation culture ” said Chris Groves  CEO of Centric Software. “By integrating Contentserv into the Centric family of solutions – from PLM to planning to competitive market intelligence  pricing & inventory optimization and visual boards – brands  retailers and manufacturers can seamlessly turn product content into enriched  market-ready experiences that drive engagement and conversion. In today’s competitive market  time-to-market and product experience go hand-in-hand. Together with Contentserv  our joint innovations will ensure that the moment a product is developed  it’s enriched  optimized and ready to convert.”The transaction is due to close in the coming weeks subject to regulatory approval and other customary conditions for a transaction of this nature.###FOR MORE INFORMATIONDassault Systèmes’ 3DEXPERIENCE platform  3D design software  3D Digital Mock Up and Product Lifecycle Management (PLM) solutions: http://www.3ds.comABOUT DASSAULT SYSTÈMESDassault Systèmes is a catalyst for human progress. Since 1981  the company has pioneered virtual worlds to improve real life for consumers  patients and citizens. With Dassault Systèmes’ 3DEXPERIENCE platform  350 000 customers of all sizes  in all industries  can collaborate  imagine and create sustainable innovations that drive meaningful impact. For more information  visit: www.3ds.comDassault Systèmes Press ContactsCorporate / France Arnaud MALHERBE arnaud.malherbe@3ds.com +33 (0)1 61 62 87 73North America Natasha LEVANTI natasha.levanti@3ds.com +1 (508) 449 8097EMEA Virginie BLINDENBERG virginie.blindenberg@3ds.com +33 (0) 1 61 62 84 21China Grace MU grace.mu@3ds.com +86 10 6536 2288Japan Reina YAMAGUCHI reina.yamaguchi@3ds.com +81 90 9325 2545Korea Jeemin JEONG jeemin.jeong@3ds.com +82 2 3271 6653India Priyanka PANDEY priyanka.pandey@3ds.com +91 9886302179Attachment",neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,positive,0.82,0.17,0.0,True,English,"['Dassault Systèmes', 'AI-Powered PXM Solution', 'Centric Software', 'Acquisition', 'Contentserv', 'Dassault Systèmes Press Contacts Corporate', 'Dassault Systèmes’ 3DEXPERIENCE platform', 'operational digital transformation goals', '3D Digital Mock Up', 'seamless, high-converting product experiences', 'France Arnaud MALHERBE arnaud', 'AI-powered Product Experience Cloud', 'one cloud-based platform', 'Digital Shelf Analytics', 'AI-Powered PXM Solution', '70% faster catalog creation', 'stock keeping units', 'customer-focused, innovation culture', '3D design software', 'China Grace MU', 'personalized brand experiences', 'other customary conditions', 'Product Lifecycle Management', 'product experience management', 'digital sales channels', 'engaging product experiences', 'personalized consumer experiences', 'fast-moving consumer goods', 'sales channel coverage', 'EMEA Virginie BLINDENBERG', 'Japan Reina YAMAGUCHI', 'Korea Jeemin JEONG', 'India Priyanka PANDEY', 'subsidiary Centric Software', 'innovative enterprise solutions', 'product information management', 'Centric Software family', 'competitive market intelligence', 'accurate product information', 'consumer goods brands', 'PLM) market leader', 'Press Release', 'Centric family', 'market-ready experiences', 'sporting goods', 'PXM) solutions', 'enterprise value', 'accurate, rich', 'conceivable channel', 'product content', 'product sell-through', 'product offers', 'product presentation', 'consumer electronics', 'consumer trends', 'Consumer loyalty', 'other companies', 'product data', 'Content Syndication', 'Euronext Paris', 'leading provider', 'social media', 'critical steps', 'compliance labeling', 'Michael Kugler', 'multiple sources', 'Chris Groves', 'inventory optimization', 'visual boards', 'joint innovations', 'coming weeks', 'regulatory approval', 'PLM) solutions', 'human progress', 'virtual worlds', 'real life', 'sustainable innovations', 'meaningful impact', 'North America', 'Natasha LEVANTI', 'market success', 'FMCG companies', 'real revenue', 'Contentserv solutions', 'Contentserv users', 'VELIZY-VILLACOUBLAY', 'February', 'Acquisition', 'PIM', 'DAM', 'DSA', 'time', 'DSY', 'agreement', 'price', 'products', 'apparel', 'fashion', 'home', 'footwear', 'cosmetics', 'food', 'beverage', 'luxury', 'strategic', 'Germany', 'means', 'retailers', 'manufacturers', 'strategies', 'regions', '1600 customers', '90 countries', 'ROI', '30% reduction', 'languages', 'SKUs', 'stores', 'marketplaces', 'inception', 'commercialization', 'accuracy', 'contextualized', 'CEO', 'formats', 'consumers', 'touchpoint', 'insights', 'competitors', 'challenges', 'PXC', 'pricing', 'enriched', 'engagement', 'conversion', 'today', 'hand', 'moment', 'transaction', 'nature', 'MORE', 'catalyst', 'company', 'patients', 'citizens', '350,000 customers', 'sizes', 'industries', '3ds', 'Attachment']",2025-02-25,2025-02-26,globenewswire.com
49076,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2025/02/25/3031665/0/en/BUREAU-VERITAS-2024-annual-results-Bureau-Veritas-LEAP-28-strategy-delivers-outstanding-results-in-2024-confident-2025-outlook.html,BUREAU VERITAS - 2024 annual results - Bureau Veritas' LEAP | 28 strategy delivers outstanding results in 2024 ; confident 2025 outlook,PRESS RELEASE    Neuilly-sur-Seine  France – February 25  2025    Bureau Veritas' LEAP | 28 strategy delivers outstanding results in 2024    Confident...,PRESS RELEASENeuilly-sur-Seine  France – February 25  2025Bureau Veritas' LEAP | 28 strategy delivers outstanding results in 2024Confident 2025 outlook2024 key figuresRevenue of EUR 6 240.9 million in the full year 2024  up 6.4% year-on-year and up 10.2% organically (including 9.6% in the fourth quarter) Adjusted operating profit of EUR 996.2 million  up 7.1% versus EUR 930.2 million in 2023  representing an adjusted operating margin of 16.0%  up 11 basis points year-on-year and up 38 basis points at constant currency Operating profit of EUR 933.4 million  up 13.2% versus EUR 824.4 million in 2023 Adjusted net profit of EUR 620.7 million  up 8.0% versus EUR 574.7 million in 2023 Attributable net profit of EUR 569.4 million  up 13.0% versus EUR 503.7 million in 2023 Adjusted Earnings Per Share (EPS) of EUR 1.38  up 8.7% versus EUR 1.27 in 2023 Record Free Cash Flow of EUR 843.3 million  up 27.9% year-on-year and cash conversion of 114% Adjusted net debt/EBITDA ratio of 1.06x as of December 31  2024  versus 0.92x last year Proposed dividend of EUR 0.90 per share  up 8.4% year-on-year  payable in cash.2024 highlights2024 financial targets of organic growth  margin and cash flow exceeded Tangible achievements and successes delivered in the first year of the new LEAP | 28 strategy Strong growth recorded in the Americas  the Middle East  Africa  Asia-Pacific and Europe Sustained growth momentum in sustainability services across the full portfolio In line with the LEAP I 28 focused portfolio strategy and through active portfolio management  in 2024 the company completed: i) the acquisition of 10 bolt-on companies for a total annualized revenue of c. EUR 180 million; ii) the divestment of its Food testing business and of a technical supervision business on construction projects in China (c. EUR 165 million in annualized combined revenue) Double-digit shareholder returns based on EPS growth of c. 9%  a dividend yield of c. 3% and enhanced by a EUR 200 million share buyback program announced in March 2024 First A3 long-term credit rating by Moody’s EUR 1 billion bond issuances to refinance four US Private Placements in advance with a nominal amount of USD 755 million as well as the bond debt of EUR 500 million maturing in January 2025 Good progress towards achieving the 2028 CSR ambitions with multiple recognitions by several non-financial rating agencies Inclusion of Bureau Veritas in the CAC 40 Paris stock index in December 2024.2025 outlookBuilding on a strong 2024 momentum  a robust opportunities pipeline  a solid backlog  and strong underlying market growth  and in line with the LEAP | 28 financial ambitions  Bureau Veritas expects to deliver for the full year 2025:Mid-to-high single-digit organic revenue growth Improvement in adjusted operating margin at constant exchange rates Strong cash flow  with a cash conversion2 above 90%.Hinda Gharbi  Chief Executive Officer  commented:“2024 was an excellent year with the launch of our LEAP | 28 strategy in Q1-2024 and the delivery of record results on most fronts. I take this opportunity to thank all our colleagues around the world for their contributions and for their commitment.This transformative strategic plan is built around three pillars: a focused portfolio  a performance-led execution  and an evolved people model. In its first year  we delivered tangible results in line with our commitment to make a step change in growth and returns. We recorded an organic growth of 10.2%  solid margin improvements of 38 basis points and adjusted EPS growth of 17.0% at constant currency. We also successfully completed our EUR 200 million share buyback initiative. Additionally  we significantly accelerated our M&A program with ten acquisitions and two important divestments.Looking ahead  our focus remains on executing our growth and margin accretion plans and further accelerating our M&A program. Building on this strong momentum  we start 2025 with confidence that Bureau Veritas is well positioned for continued progress and for superior value creation.”2024 KEY FIGURESOn February 24  2025  the Board of Directors of Bureau Veritas approved the financial statements for the full year 2024. The main consolidated financial items are:IN EUR MILLION 2024 2023 CHANGE CONSTANT CURRENCY Revenue 6 240.9 5 867.8 +6.4% +10.8% Adjusted operating profit(a) 996.2 930.2 +7.1% +13.4% Adjusted operating margin(a) 16.0% 15.9% +11bps +38bps Operating profit 933.4 824.4 +13.2% +20.1% Adjusted net profit(a) 620.7 574.7 +8.0% +16.2% Attributable net profit 569.4 503.7 +13.0% +22.2% Adjusted EPS(a) 1.38 1.27 +8.7% +17.0% EPS 1.27 1.11 +13.8% +23.0% Operating cash-flow 1 004.8 819.7 +22.6% +27.0% Free cash-flow(a) 843.3 659.1 +27.9% +32.4% Adjusted net financial debt(a) 1 226.3 936.2 +31.0%(a) Alternative performance indicators are presented  defined and reconciled with IFRS in appendices 6 and 8 of this press releasePRESENTATION2024 results will be presented on Tuesday  February 25  2025  at 3:00 p.m. (Paris time)A video conference will be webcast live. Please connect to: Link to video conferenceThe presentation slides will be available on: https://group.bureauveritas.com/investors/financial-information/financial-resultsAll supporting documents will be available on the websiteLive dial-in numbers: France: +33 (0)1 70 37 71 66 UK: +44 (0) 33 0551 0200 US: +1 786 697 3501 International: +44 (0) 33 0551 0200 Password: Bureau VeritasABOUT BUREAU VERITASBureau Veritas is a world leader in inspection  certification  and laboratory testing services with a powerful purpose: to shape a world of trust by ensuring responsible progress. With a vision to be the preferred partner for customers’ excellence and sustainability  the company innovates to help them navigate change.Created in 1828  Bureau Veritas’ 84 000 employees deliver services in 140 countries. The company’s technical experts support customers to address challenges in quality  health and safety  environmental protection  and sustainability.Bureau Veritas is listed on Euronext Paris and belongs to the CAC 40  CAC 40 ESG  SBF 120 indices and is part of the CAC SBT 1.5° index. Compartment A  ISIN code FR 0006174348  stock symbol: BVI.For more information  visit www.bureauveritas.com  and follow us on LinkedIn.Attachment,positive,0.83,0.17,0.0,positive,0.84,0.15,0.0,True,English,"[""Bureau Veritas' LEAP"", '2024 annual results', 'outstanding results', '28 strategy', '2025 outlook', 'First A3 long-term credit rating', 'high single-digit organic revenue growth', 'several non-financial rating agencies', 'EUR 200 million share buyback program', 'four US Private Placements', 'CAC 40 Paris stock index', 'main consolidated financial items', '200 million share buyback initiative', 'EUR 1 billion bond issuances', 'strong underlying market growth', 'Record Free Cash Flow', 'M&A program', 'total annualized revenue', 'Food testing business', 'technical supervision business', 'annualized combined revenue', 'robust opportunities pipeline', 'Chief Executive Officer', 'transformative strategic plan', 'two important divestments', 'superior value creation', 'Alternative performance indicators', 'net debt/EBITDA ratio', 'constant exchange rates', 'active portfolio management', 'margin accretion plans', 'Double-digit shareholder returns', 'press release PRESENTATION', 'Strong cash flow', 'Attributable net profit', 'CONSTANT CURRENCY Revenue', 'net financial debt', 'solid margin improvements', 'bond debt', 'organic growth', 'Free cash-flow', 'Paris time', 'Strong growth', 'record results', '2024 financial targets', 'first year', 'strong 2024 momentum', '28 financial ambitions', 'strong momentum', 'financial statements', 'solid backlog', 'cash conversion', 'growth momentum', 'operating profit', 'full portfolio', 'focused portfolio', 'operating margin', '2024 key figures', 'fourth quarter', 'Tangible achievements', 'Middle East', 'sustainability services', 'construction projects', 'nominal amount', 'Good progress', '2028 CSR ambitions', 'multiple recognitions', 'Bureau Veritas', 'Hinda Gharbi', 'most fronts', 'three pillars', 'performance-led execution', 'people model', '38 basis points', 'ten acquisitions', 'continued progress', 'Operating cash-flow', 'video conference', 'outstanding results', 'tangible results', 'EPS growth', 'full year', 'excellent year', 'Confident 2025 outlook', 'portfolio strategy', 'dividend yield', 'step change', 'new LEAP', 'LEAP I', 'Adjusted Earnings', '2024 results', '28 strategy', 'Seine', 'France', 'February', 'December', '2024 highlights', 'successes', 'Americas', 'Africa', 'Asia-Pacific', 'Europe', 'company', '10 bolt', 'companies', 'China', 'March', 'Moody', 'advance', 'USD', 'January', 'Inclusion', 'launch', 'Q1', 'delivery', 'opportunity', 'colleagues', 'world', 'contributions', 'commitment', 'confidence', 'Board', 'Directors', 'IFRS', 'appendices', 'Tuesday', '16.0', '3:00']",2025-02-25,2025-02-26,globenewswire.com
49077,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2025/02/25/3031678/0/en/Progress-on-share-buyback-programme.html,Progress on share buyback programme,Progress on share buyback programme  ING announced today that  as part of our €2.0 billion share buyback programme announced on 31 October 2024  in...,Progress on share buyback programmeING announced today that  as part of our €2.0 billion share buyback programme announced on 31 October 2024  in total 3 109 893 shares were repurchased during the week of 17 February 2025 up to and including 21 February 2025.The shares were repurchased at an average price of €16.52 or a total amount of €51 388 683.20. For detailed information on the daily repurchased shares  individual share purchase transactions and weekly reports  see the ING website at www.ing.com/investorrelations.In line with the purpose of the programme to reduce the share capital of ING  the total number of shares repurchased under this programme to date is 81 283 901 ordinary shares at an average price of €15.28 for a total consideration of €1 242 312 379.51. To date approximately 62.12% of the maximum total value of the share buyback programme has been completed.Note for editorsFor more on ING  please visit www.ing.com. Frequent news updates can be found in the Newsroom or via X @ING_news feed. Photos of ING operations  buildings and its executives are available for download at Flickr.Press enquiries Investor enquiries Christoph Linke ING Group Investor Relations +31 20 576 5000 Investor.Relations@ing.com Christoph.Linke@ing.comING PROFILEING is a global financial institution with a strong European base  offering banking services through its operating company ING Bank. The purpose of ING Bank is: empowering people to stay a step ahead in life and in business. ING Bank’s more than 60 000 employees offer retail and wholesale banking services to customers in over 100 countries.ING Group shares are listed on the exchanges of Amsterdam (INGA NA  INGA.AS)  Brussels and on the New York Stock Exchange (ADRs: ING US  ING.N).ING aims to put sustainability at the heart of what we do. Our policies and actions are assessed by independent research and ratings providers  which give updates on them annually. ING's ESG rating by MSCI was reconfirmed by MSCI as 'AA' in August 2024 for the fifth year. As of December 2023  in Sustainalytics’ view  ING’s management of ESG material risk is ‘Strong’. Our current ESG Risk Rating  is 17.2 (Low Risk).ING Group shares are also included in major sustainability and ESG index products of leading providers including Euronext  STOXX  Morningstar and FTSE Russell.IMPORTANT LEGAL INFORMATIONElements of this press release contain or may contain information about ING Groep N.V. and/ or ING Bank N.V. within the meaning of Article 7(1) to (4) of EU Regulation No 596/2014 (‘Market Abuse Regulation’).ING Group’s annual accounts are prepared in accordance with International Financial Reporting Standards as adopted by the European Union (‘IFRS- EU’). In preparing the financial information in this document  except as described otherwise  the same accounting principles are applied as in the 2023 ING Group consolidated annual accounts. The Financial statements for 2024 are in progress and may be subject to adjustments from subsequent events. All figures in this document are unaudited. Small differences are possible in the tables due to rounding.Certain of the statements contained herein are not historical facts  including  without limitation  certain statements made of future expectations and other forward-looking statements that are based on management’s current views and assumptions and involve known and unknown risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results  performance or events to diﬀer materially from those expressed or implied in such statements. Actual results  performance or events may diﬀer materially from those in such statements due to a number of factors  including  without limitation: (1) changes in general economic conditions and customer behaviour  in particular economic conditions in ING’s core markets  including changes affecting currency exchange rates and the regional and global economic impact of the invasion of Russia into Ukraine and related international response measures (2) changes affecting interest rate levels (3) any default of a major market participant and related market disruption (4) changes in performance of financial markets  including in Europe and developing markets(5) fiscal uncertainty in Europe and the United States (6) discontinuation of or changes in ‘benchmark’ indices (7) inflation and deflation in our principal markets (8) changes in conditions in the credit and capital markets generally  including changes in borrower and counterparty creditworthiness (9) failures of banks falling under the scope of state compensation schemes (10) non- compliance with or changes in laws and regulations  including those concerning financial services  financial economic crimes and tax laws  and the interpretation and application thereof (11) geopolitical risks  political instabilities and policies and actions of governmental and regulatory authorities  including in connection with the invasion of Russia into Ukraine and the related international response measures (12) legal and regulatory risks in certain countries with less developed legal and regulatory frameworks (13) prudential supervision and regulations  including in relation to stress tests and regulatory restrictions on dividends and distributions (also among members of the group) (14) ING’s ability to meet minimum capital and other prudential regulatory requirements (15) changes in regulation of US commodities and derivatives businesses of ING and its customers (16) application of bank recovery and resolution regimes  including write down and conversion powers in relation to our securities (17) outcome of current and future litigation  enforcement proceedings  investigations or other regulatory actions  including claims by customers or stakeholders who feel misled or treated unfairly  and other conduct issues (18) changes in tax laws and regulations and risks of non-compliance or investigation in connection with tax laws  including FATCA (19) operational and IT risks  such as system disruptions or failures  breaches of security  cyber-attacks  human error  changes in operational practices or inadequate controls including in respect of third parties with which we do business and including any risks as a result of incomplete  inaccurate  or otherwise flawed outputs from the algorithms and data sets utilized in artificial intelligence (20) risks and challenges related to cybercrime including the eﬀects of cyberattacks and changes in legislation and regulation related to cybersecurity and data privacy  including such risks and challenges as a consequence of the use of emerging technologies  such as advanced forms of artificial intelligence and quantum computing (21) changes in general competitive factors  including ability to increase or maintain market share (22) inability to protect our intellectual property and infringement claims by third parties (23) inability of counterparties to meet financial obligations or ability to enforce rights against such counterparties (24) changes in credit ratings (25) business  operational  regulatory  reputation  transition and other risks and challenges in connection with climate change and ESG-related matters  including data gathering and reporting (26) inability to attract and retain key personnel (27) future liabilities under defined benefit retirement plans (28) failure to manage business risks  including in connection with use of models  use of derivatives  or maintaining appropriate policies and guidelines (29) changes in capital and credit markets  including interbank funding  as well as customer deposits  which provide the liquidity and capital required to fund our operations  and (30) the other risks and uncertainties detailed in the most recent annual report of ING Groep N.V. (including the Risk Factors contained therein) and ING’s more recent disclosures  including press releases  which are available on www.ING.com.This document may contain ESG-related material that has been prepared by ING on the basis of publicly available information  internally developed data and other third-party sources believed to be reliable. ING has not sought to independently verify information obtained from public and third-party sources and makes no representations or warranties as to accuracy  completeness  reasonableness or reliability of such information.Materiality  as used in the context of ESG  is distinct from  and should not be confused with  such term as defined in the Market Abuse Regulation or as defined for Securities and Exchange Commission (‘SEC’) reporting purposes. Any issues identified as material for purposes of ESG in this document are therefore not necessarily material as defined in the Market Abuse Regulation or for SEC reporting purposes. In addition  there is currently no single  globally recognized set of accepted definitions in assessing whether activities are “green” or “sustainable.” Without limiting any of the statements contained herein  we make no representation or warranty as to whether any of our securities constitutes a green or sustainable security or conforms to present or future investor expectations or objectives for green or sustainable investing. For information on characteristics of a security  use of proceeds  a description of applicable project(s) and/or any other relevant information  please reference the offering documents for such security.This document may contain inactive textual addresses to internet websites operated by us and third parties. Reference to such websites is made for information purposes only  and information found at such websites is not incorporated by reference into this document. ING does not make any representation or warranty with respect to the accuracy or completeness of  or take any responsibility for  any information found at any websites operated by third parties. ING specifically disclaims any liability with respect to any information found at websites operated by third parties. ING cannot guarantee that websites operated by third parties remain available following the publication of this document  or that any information found at such websites will not change following the filing of this document. Many of those factors are beyond ING’s control.Any forward-looking statements made by or on behalf of ING speak only as of the date they are made  and ING assumes no obligation to publicly update or revise any forward-looking statements  whether as a result of new information or for any other reason.This document does not constitute an oﬀer to sell  or a solicitation of an oﬀer to purchase  any securities in the United States or any other jurisdiction.Attachment,neutral,0.41,0.58,0.01,mixed,0.09,0.2,0.71,True,English,"['share buyback programme', 'Progress', 'Christoph Linke ING Group Investor Relations', '2023 ING Group consolidated annual accounts', 'New York Stock Exchange', 'individual share purchase transactions', 'ING Groep N.V.', 'International Financial Reporting Standards', 'operating company ING Bank', 'ING Bank N.V.', '€2.0 billion share buyback programme', 'current ESG Risk Rating', 'currency exchange rates', 'international response measures', 'ESG material risk', 'ESG index products', 'same accounting principles', 'state compensation schemes', 'global economic impact', 'global financial institution', 'strong European base', 'Market Abuse Regulation', 'major market participant', 'financial economic crimes', 'ING Group shares', 'daily repurchased shares', 'maximum total value', 'Frequent news updates', 'related market disruption', 'wholesale banking services', 'general economic conditions', 'other forward-looking statements', 'The Financial statements', 'IMPORTANT LEGAL INFORMATION', 'Investor enquiries', 'ESG rating', 'share capital', 'financial services', 'Low Risk', 'current views', 'financial information', 'financial markets', 'EU Regulation', 'European Union', 'ING website', 'ING operations', 'ING PROFILE', 'average price', 'total amount', 'detailed information', 'weekly reports', '81,283,901 ordinary shares', 'total consideration', 'Press enquiries', 'INGA NA', 'INGA.AS', 'independent research', 'ratings providers', 'fifth year', 'Sustainalytics’ view', 'major sustainability', 'leading providers', 'FTSE Russell', 'press release', 'IFRS- EU', 'Small differences', 'historical facts', 'future expectations', 'unknown risks', 'actual results', 'customer behaviour', 'core markets', 'rate levels', 'developing markets', 'United States', 'benchmark’ indices', 'principal markets', 'capital markets', 'counterparty creditworthiness', 'geopolitical risks', 'political instabilities', 'regulatory authorities', 'regulatory risks', 'total number', 'tax laws', 'subsequent events', '3,109,893 shares', 'Progress', '31 October', '17 February', '21 February', 'investorrelations', 'line', 'purpose', 'Note', 'editors', 'Newsroom', 'Photos', 'buildings', 'executives', 'download', 'Flickr', 'people', 'life', 'business', '60,000 employees', 'retail', 'customers', '100 countries', 'exchanges', 'Amsterdam', 'Brussels', 'ADRs', 'heart', 'policies', 'MSCI', 'AA', 'August', 'December', 'management', 'Euronext', 'STOXX', 'Morningstar', 'Elements', 'meaning', 'Article', 'accordance', 'document', 'adjustments', 'figures', 'tables', 'rounding', 'limitation', 'assumptions', 'uncertainties', 'performance', 'factors', 'particular', 'regional', 'invasion', 'Russia', 'Ukraine', 'interest', 'default', 'discontinuation', 'inflation', 'deflation', 'borrower', 'failures', 'banks', 'scope', 'compliance', 'regulations', 'interpretation', 'application', 'governmental', 'connection', 'less']",2025-02-25,2025-02-26,globenewswire.com
49078,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2025/02/25/3031655/0/en/Press-Release-Sarclisa-approved-in-Japan-for-patients-with-newly-diagnosed-multiple-myeloma.html,Press Release: Sarclisa approved in Japan for patients with newly diagnosed multiple myeloma,Sarclisa approved in Japan for patients with newly diagnosed multiple myeloma      Approval offers access to new treatment options for newly diagnosed...,Sarclisa approved in Japan for patients with newly diagnosed multiple myelomaApproval offers access to new treatment options for newly diagnosed MM patientsApproval based on positive results from the IMROZ phase 3 study that demonstrated Sarclisa in combination with VRd significantly improved progression-free survival  compared to VRd alone in transplant-ineligible newly diagnosed multiple myelomaParis  February 25  2025. The Ministry of Health  Labour and Welfare (MHLW) in Japan has approved Sarclisa  in combination with bortezomib  lenalidomide  and dexamethasone (VRd)  for the treatment of adult patients with newly diagnosed multiple myeloma (NDMM) based on data from the IMROZ phase 3 study.Olivier NatafGlobal Head  Oncology“In recent years  new multiple myeloma cases have increased steadily in Japan and other Asian-Pacific nations  creating a need for new treatment approaches  particularly in the front-line setting. While Sarclisa-based combinations have been approved for relapsed or refractory patients in Japan  this approval represents the first indication for certain newly diagnosed patients. We are pleased to offer physicians an important new option for their patients earlier in the treatment journey  building upon our continued commitment to advancing innovative oncology treatments in difficult-to-treat hematologic malignancies around the world.”In Japan  Sarclisa was launched in August 2020 and has been approved for four different treatment regimens (in combination with pomalidomide and dexamethasone  as monotherapy  in combination with carfilzomib and dexamethasone  or in combination with dexamethasone for the treatment of patients with relapsed or refractory multiple myeloma). In addition  Sarclisa has front-line approvals in the EU and the US. In the Asia Pacific region  Sarclisa combination regimens were also recently approved by the National Medical Products Administration in China  specifically Sarclisa-VRd in NDMM patients who are not eligible for autologous stem cell transplant  as well as Sarclisa in combination with pomalidomide and dexamethasone (Pd) for the treatment of adult patients with relapsed or refractory MM who have received at least one prior line of therapy  including lenalidomide and a proteasome inhibitor.About SarclisaSarclisa (isatuximab) is a CD38 monoclonal antibody that binds to a specific epitope on the CD38 receptor on MM cells  inducing distinct antitumor activity. It is designed to work through multiple mechanisms of action including programmed tumor cell death (apoptosis) and immunomodulatory activity. CD38 is highly and uniformly expressed on the surface of MM cells  making it a target for antibody-based therapeutics such as Sarclisa. In the US  the non-proprietary name for Sarclisa is isatuximab-irfc  with irfc as the suffix designated in accordance with nonproprietary naming of biological products guidance for industry issued by the US Food and Drug Administration.Currently  Sarclisa is approved in more than 50 countries  including in the US  EU  Japan  and China  across multiple indications. Based on the ICARIA-MM phase 3 study  Sarclisa is approved in the US  EU and Japan in combination with Pd for the treatment of patients with R/R MM who have received ≥two prior therapies  including lenalidomide and a proteasome inhibitor; this combination is also approved in China for patients who have received at least one prior line of therapy  including lenalidomide and a proteasome inhibitor. Based on the IKEMA phase 3 study  Sarclisa is also approved in more than 50 countries in combination with carfilzomib and dexamethasone  including in the US for the treatment of patients with R/R MM who have received one to three prior lines of therapy and in the EU for patients with MM who have received at least one prior therapy. In the US  EU  UK  and China  Sarclisa is approved in combination with VRd as a front-line treatment option in transplant-ineligible NDMM patients  based on the IMROZ phase 3 study. This combination is also approved in Japan for patients with NDMM.Sanofi continues to advance Sarclisa as part of a patient-centric clinical development program  which includes several phase 2 and phase 3 studies across the MM treatment continuum spanning six potential indications. In addition  the company is evaluating a subcutaneous (SC) administration method for Sarclisa in clinical studies. In January 2024  Sanofi reported positive results from the IRAKLIA phase 3 study evaluating Sarclisa SC formulation administered via an on-body delivery system (OBDS) in combination with Pd compared to intravenous (IV) Sarclisa in patients with R/R MM. In December 2024  additional positive results from the program  including the GMMG-HD7 phase 3 study evaluating Sarclisa-RVd induction therapy in transplant-eligible NDMM patients  were also presented at the 66th American Society of Hematology Annual Meeting and Exposition. The safety and efficacy of Sarclisa has not been evaluated by any regulatory authority outside of its approved indications and methods of delivery.In striving to become the number one immunoscience company globally  Sanofi remains committed to advancing oncology innovation. Through focused strategic decisions the company has reshaped and prioritized its pipeline  leveraging its expertise in immunoscience to drive progress. Efforts are centered on difficult-to-treat often rare cancers such as select hematologic malignancies and solid tumors with critical unmet needs  including multiple myeloma  acute myeloid leukemia  certain types of lymphomas  as well as gastroenteropancreatic neuroendocrine tumors and other gastrointestinal and lung cancers.For more information on Sarclisa clinical studies  please visit www.clinicaltrials.gov.About SanofiWe are an innovative global healthcare company  driven by one purpose: we chase the miracles of science to improve people’s lives. Our team  across the world  is dedicated to transforming the practice of medicine by working to turn the impossible into the possible. We provide potentially life-changing treatment options and life-saving vaccine protection to millions of people globally  while putting sustainability and social responsibility at the center of our ambitions.Sanofi is listed on EURONEXT: SAN and NASDAQ: SNYMedia RelationsSandrine Guendoul | +33 6 25 09 14 25 | sandrine.guendoul@sanofi.comEvan Berland | +1 215 432 0234 | evan.berland@sanofi.comNicolas Obrist | +33 6 77 21 27 55 | nicolas.obrist@sanofi.comLéo Le Bourhis | +33 6 75 06 43 81 | leo.lebourhis@sanofi.comVictor Rouault | +33 6 70 93 71 40 | victor.rouault@sanofi.comTimothy Gilbert | +1 516 521 2929 | timothy.gilbert@sanofi.comInvestor RelationsThomas Kudsk Larsen |+44 7545 513 693 | thomas.larsen@sanofi.comAlizé Kaisserian | +33 6 47 04 12 11 | alize.kaisserian@sanofi.comFelix Lauscher | +1 908 612 7239 | felix.lauscher@sanofi.comKeita Browne | +1 781 249 1766 | keita.browne@sanofi.comNathalie Pham | +33 7 85 93 30 17 | nathalie.pham@sanofi.comTarik Elgoutni | +1 617 710 3587 | tarik.elgoutni@sanofi.comThibaud Châtelet | +33 6 80 80 89 90 | thibaud.chatelet@sanofi.comSanofi forward-looking statementsThis press release contains forward-looking statements as defined in the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995  as amended. Forward-looking statements are statements that are not historical facts. These statements include projections and estimates regarding the marketing and other potential of the product  or regarding potential future revenues from the product. Forward-looking statements are generally identified by the words “expects”  “anticipates”  “believes”  “intends”  “estimates”  “plans”  and similar expressions. Although Sanofi’s management believes that the expectations reflected in such forward-looking statements are reasonable  investors are cautioned that forward-looking information and statements are subject to various risks and uncertainties  many of which are difficult to predict and generally beyond the control of Sanofi  that could cause actual results and developments to differ materially from those expressed in  or implied or projected by  the forward-looking information and statements. These risks and uncertainties include among other things  unexpected regulatory actions or delays  or government regulation generally  that could affect the availability or commercial potential of the product  the fact that product may not be commercially successful  the uncertainties inherent in research and development  including future clinical data and analysis of existing clinical data relating to the product  including post marketing  unexpected safety  quality or manufacturing issues  competition in general  risks associated with intellectual property and any related future litigation and the ultimate outcome of such litigation  and volatile economic and market conditions  and the impact that global crises may have on us  our customers  suppliers  vendors  and other business partners  and the financial condition of any one of them  as well as on our employees and on the global economy as a whole. The risks and uncertainties also include the uncertainties discussed or identified in the public filings with the SEC and the AMF made by Sanofi  including those listed under “Risk Factors” and “Cautionary Statement Regarding Forward-Looking Statements” in Sanofi’s annual report on Form 20-F for the year ended December 31  2024. Other than as required by applicable law  Sanofi does not undertake any obligation to update or revise any forward-looking information or statements.All trademarks mentioned in this press release are the property of the Sanofi group.Attachment,neutral,0.05,0.95,0.0,mixed,0.57,0.29,0.14,True,English,"['Press Release', 'multiple myeloma', 'Sarclisa', 'Japan', 'patients', 'one to three prior lines', 'Olivier Nataf Global Head', 'autologous stem cell transplant', 'National Medical Products Administration', 'subcutaneous (SC) administration method', 'four different treatment regimens', 'patient-centric clinical development program', 'new multiple myeloma cases', 'one prior line', 'tumor cell death', 'biological products guidance', '≥two prior therapies', 'important new option', 'other Asian-Pacific nations', 'Asia Pacific region', '66th American Society', 'Hematology Annual Meeting', 'IMROZ phase 3 study', 'ICARIA-MM phase 3 study', 'IKEMA phase 3 study', 'IRAKLIA phase 3 study', 'GMMG-HD7 phase 3 study', 'one prior therapy', 'distinct antitumor activity', 'new treatment options', 'new treatment approaches', 'innovative oncology treatments', 'CD38 monoclonal antibody', 'six potential indications', 'body delivery system', 'Sarclisa SC formulation', 'Sarclisa-RVd induction therapy', 'additional positive results', 'front-line treatment option', 'refractory multiple myeloma', 'intravenous (IV) Sarclisa', 'MM treatment continuum', 'transplant-eligible NDMM patients', 'Sarclisa combination regimens', 'transplant-ineligible NDMM patients', 'Drug Administration', 'clinical studies', 'several phase 2', 'phase 3 studies', 'immunomodulatory activity', 'multiple mechanisms', 'multiple indications', 'front-line setting', 'front-line approvals', 'refractory MM', 'treatment journey', 'progression-free survival', 'The Ministry', 'recent years', 'Sarclisa-based combinations', 'first indication', 'continued commitment', 'hematologic malignancies', 'proteasome inhibitor', 'specific epitope', 'CD38 receptor', 'MM cells', 'antibody-based therapeutics', 'proprietary name', 'nonproprietary naming', 'R/R MM', 'regulatory authority', 'refractory patients', 'adult patients', 'US Food', 'Japan', 'access', 'VRd', 'Paris', 'February', 'Labour', 'Welfare', 'MHLW', 'bortezomib', 'lenalidomide', 'dexamethasone', 'data', 'need', 'relapsed', 'physicians', 'difficult', 'world', 'August', 'pomalidomide', 'monotherapy', 'carfilzomib', 'China', 'Pd', 'isatuximab', 'action', 'apoptosis', 'surface', 'irfc', 'suffix', 'accordance', 'industry', '50 countries', 'UK', 'Sanofi', 'part', 'company', 'January', 'OBDS', 'December', 'Exposition', 'safety', 'efficacy', 'methods']",2025-02-25,2025-02-26,globenewswire.com
49079,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.irishtimes.com/business/2025/02/25/jitters-in-global-stock-markets-as-us-consumer-confidence-sinks/,Jitters in global stock markets as US consumer confidence sinks,Bank of Ireland’s stock price rose 2% as the market responded well to the start of its share buyback,Traders work on the New York Stock Exchange floor on Tuesday.Global stocks were shaken on Tuesday after it was revealed US consumer confidence fell this month by the most since August 2021 on concerns about the outlook for the broader economy.DublinEuronext Dublin outperformed international peers as it rose 0.5 per cent.Bank of Ireland’s stock price rose 2 per cent to above €11 as the market responded well to the start of its share buyback. AIB  meanwhile  was up 1 per cent at close of business.Elsewhere  Ryanair was unchanged amid a mixed bag for the airlines with EasyJet and International Airlines Group both down marginally.READ MOREAmong the food names  Kerry Group finished the day up 0.7 per cent  while Glanbia was unchanged.It was a good day too for agri-services group Origin Enterprises  which finished up 2.5 per cent.It was more of a struggle for the housebuilders  with Glenveagh Properties and Cairn Homes each down about 0.7 per cent by the end of trading.LondonBritain’s FTSE 100 edged higher with defence stocks rising after prime minister Keir Starmer announced an increase in UK defence spending  while Unilever slipped after CEO Hein Schumacher’s surprise exit.The blue-chip FTSE 100 rose 0.1 per cent  ending a five-session losing streak but still traded near its lowest level in about three weeks.Defence group BAE Systems gained 4.7 per cent and Rolls-Royce climbed 1.4 per cent after Starmer said he would increase annual defence spending to 2.5 per cent of GDP by 2027 and target a 3 per cent level last seen just after the end of the Cold War in 1989-90.Also buoying the FTSE 100 was a 6.1 per cent rise in Smith+Nephew after the medical products maker reported annual sales and profit broadly in-line with expectations.On the flip side  Unilever shed 1.3 per cent as the consumer goods group surprised investors by ousting chief executive Hein Schumacher and replacing him with finance chief Fernando Fernandez.The midcap FTSE 250 dipped 0.2 per cent  with CMC Markets dropping 6.2 per cent after the trading platform said finance chief Albert Soleiman would step down.EuropeEuro zone bond yields edged lower while markets weighed signs that Germany could approve a boost in defence spending before the outgoing parliament quits  a move likely to require more borrowing.Traders considered a report that Germany is discussing €200 billion for an emergency defence fund as the country digests its election result.Germany’s 10-year Bund yield – a benchmark for the wider euro area – was down one basis point at 2.457 per cent. Yields move inversely to prices.Italy’s 10-year yield was down 3 basis points at 3.531 per cent. The yield gap between Italian and German government bonds was 106.8 basis points.On the stock markets  the Cac 40 in Paris was down 0.49 per cent  while  in Frankfurt  the Dax moved 0.13 per cent lower.New YorkThe tech-heavy Nasdaq led Wall Street declined  hitting a six-week low after fresh economic data indicated a deterioration in consumer sentiment and investors braced for the potential impact of tighter US trade curbs on Beijing.Chipmaker Nvidia dropped 2.9 per cent  while other semiconductor stocks also fell  with the broader Philadelphia SE Semiconductor Index down 1.6 per cent.Most megacap stocks traded lower  with Microsoft and Meta Platforms down 0.8 per cent and 1.8 per cent  respectively  while Tesla led losses with a 5.6 per cent decline.Seven of the S&P 500’s 11 sectors traded lower  with technology stocks leading losses with a 1.4 per cent decline. Defensive sector consumer staples led gains with a 1.4 per cent rise.Eli Lilly rose 2.5 per cent after the drugmaker said it has begun selling higher doses of its weight-loss drug Zepbound in vials in the U.S.  at a discount to the injector-pen versions. – Additional reporting: Agencies,neutral,0.02,0.62,0.36,mixed,0.19,0.23,0.57,True,English,"['global stock markets', 'US consumer confidence', 'Jitters', 'broader Philadelphia SE Semiconductor Index', 'New York Stock Exchange floor', 'tighter US trade curbs', 'Defensive sector consumer staples', 'agri-services group Origin Enterprises', 'chief executive Hein Schumacher', 'finance chief Albert Soleiman', 'Euro zone bond yields', 'CEO Hein Schumacher', 'US consumer confidence', 'wider euro area', 'other semiconductor stocks', 'five-session losing streak', 'medical products maker', 'German government bonds', 'fresh economic data', 'weight-loss drug Zepbound', 'consumer goods group', 'emergency defence fund', 'Most megacap stocks', 'UK defence spending', '10-year Bund yield', '6.1 per cent rise', '5.6 per cent decline', '1.4 per cent decline', '1.4 per cent rise', 'annual defence spending', '3 per cent level', 'International Airlines Group', 'broader economy', 'Defence group', 'stock price', 'consumer sentiment', 'defence stocks', '10-year yield', '2.5 per cent', '1.3 per cent', '2.457 per cent', '3.531 per cent', 'Kerry Group', 'stock markets', 'international peers', 'lowest level', 'annual sales', 'Global stocks', 'technology stocks', 'yield gap', 'share buyback', 'mixed bag', 'food names', 'Glenveagh Properties', 'Cairn Homes', 'prime minister', 'surprise exit', 'three weeks', 'BAE Systems', 'Cold War', 'flip side', 'Fernando Fernandez', 'outgoing parliament', 'election result', 'one basis', '106.8 basis points', 'tech-heavy Nasdaq', 'Wall Street', 'potential impact', 'Chipmaker Nvidia', 'Meta Platforms', 'S&P 500', 'Eli Lilly', 'higher doses', 'U.S.', 'injector-pen versions', 'Additional reporting', 'CMC Markets', 'Euronext Dublin', 'good day', 'Keir Starmer', 'blue-chip FTSE 100', 'midcap FTSE 250', 'trading platform', '1.8 per', 'Traders', 'Tuesday', 'August', 'concerns', 'outlook', 'Bank', 'Ireland', 'start', 'AIB', 'close', 'business', 'Ryanair', 'EasyJet', 'READ', 'Glanbia', 'struggle', 'housebuilders', 'London', 'Britain', 'increase', 'Unilever', 'Rolls-Royce', 'GDP', 'Smith+Nephew', 'expectations', 'investors', 'Europe', 'signs', 'Germany', 'boost', 'move', 'borrowing', 'country', 'benchmark', 'prices', 'Italy', 'Italian', 'Cac', 'Paris', 'Frankfurt', 'Dax', 'deterioration', 'Beijing', 'Microsoft', 'Tesla', 'losses', '11 sectors', 'gains', 'drugmaker', 'vials', 'discount', 'Agencies', '4.7']",2025-02-25,2025-02-26,irishtimes.com
49080,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.gov.uk/government/news/uk-businesses-lead-the-way-with-record-numbers-of-female-leaders,UK businesses lead the way with record numbers of female leaders,FTSE Women Leaders Review and UK Government publish latest report on women in leadership roles at FTSE350 companies.,UK leads the world in drive to increase the number of women on boards and in leadership at the top of firms.More than 60% of FTSE350 companies within striking distance of the 40% target for women’s representation in boardroomsSupporting women into leadership roles could unlock billions in economic growth and deliver on Plan for ChangeTop British companies are continuing to lead the way for gender equality in boardrooms with women occupying over 43% of roles on company boards according to a new report published today (Tuesday 25 February).The FTSE Women Leaders Review report for 2025  backed by the government and sponsored by sector giants Lloyds Banking Group and KPMG LLP  shows that women now occupy 1 275 or 43% of roles on company boards and 6 743 (35%) of leadership roles at the 350 FTSE companies.This marks a year-on-year increase and means the target of 40% women’s representation by the end of this year continues to be achieved by FTSE350 businesses. The results of this review show the progress being made to break down barriers to opportunity at the highest levels  within some of the most innovative and important companies in the UK.Delivering equal opportunities for women is at the heart of the government’s growth mission as part of the Plan for Change  by ensuring they have fair access to a stable  well-paid jobs which will also help drive up living standards.At a London event this evening  business leaders  ministers and the leaders of the Review will come together to reflect upon and celebrate this progress as well as the contribution it is making to creating a stronger  more dynamic economy.But the government recognises there is still more to do to bring more women into roles such as company Chairs and CEOs and to increase the number of women on boards and in leadership who hold executive roles. The government will work with FTSE companies and other organisations to ensure that everyone has an equal opportunity to achieve their full potential based on their talent.Chancellor of the Exchequer Rachel Reeves said:The UK is leading the charge for gender equality in boardrooms  but we cannot rest on our laurels. We must break down the barriers that stop many women being represented in decision-making roles  so that top talent reaches the highest levels of leadership in businesses driving economic growth across Britain.Minister for Investment Baroness Gustafsson OBE said:I know from founding my own business how strong female voices inspire positive change throughout an organisation  bringing new ideas and adding greater value. Today’s report shows that whilst the momentum is with us  we have so much further to go. Working with business leaders and investors  we will do everything we can to unlock more opportunities for women at the highest levels as we go for growth and deliver our Plan for Change.The UK’s approach to gender equality in boardrooms is setting an international precedent for inclusive business  coming second only to France in the G7  with 43.4% representation compared to 45.4%.Whilst France and many other countries employ the use of quotas  the action taken by British companies has been entirely voluntary demonstrating the ability of the private sector to lead the way  alongside government support  but without overburdening regulation.By leading the way and committing to improving gender equality companies are demonstrating the market value of increased representation of women in senior roles and the diversity of thinking that this brings  trickling down into small and medium sized businesses who look to replicate this success.The government’s flagship Employment Rights Bill and Plan to Make Work Pay will further strengthen women’s rights in the workplace and increase protections for women going through the menopause  as well as protections from dismissal whilst pregnant or on maternity leave.Vivienne Artz  CEO of the FTSE Women Leaders Review  said:In an increasingly disruptive world in which companies are faced with a combination of economic  geo-political and technological change British businesses are setting an international standard for balanced and inclusive leadership. With its unique Government-backed and business-led voluntary approach  the UK has spearheaded a world-leading transformation in the highest ranks of industry. Whilst FTSE 350 company boards are now gender-balanced  sustained effort and determination is required to achieve the 40% target for women in leadership by the end of this year. We look forward to working with businesses to deliver on this ambition.Penny James and Nimesh Patel  Co-Chairs of the FTSE Women Leaders Review  said:The UK is nothing short of world-leading in driving gender balance at the top of business with business leaders delivering change through voluntary action rather than quotas. Despite many competing priorities companies continue to see equality of opportunity as key to improving productivity and achieving growth. Balance on FTSE 350 boards has been achieved and women’s representation on executive teams is steadily increasing but a step-up in commitment is required to deliver parity in the key leadership roles. Over the coming year we urge UK business to remain focused on sustaining momentum  harnessing all of the available talent and driving towards a business environment that offers opportunity for all.NOTES TO EDITORS:The FTSE Women Leaders Review (the Review) is sponsored by Lloyds Banking Group and KPMG LLP.Sir Robin Budenberg  Chair of Lloyds Banking Group  said:As proud co-sponsor of the FTSE Women Leaders Review  we applaud the significant progress made over the years in increasing gender balance on both the boards and leadership teams of the UK’s biggest companies. A strong  diverse workforce is fundamental to business success. When leadership reflects the society it serves  companies are better equipped to understand their customers  drive innovation and deliver long-term sustainable growth. And if business does not employ the full breadth of society  it will not benefit from all the talent available. At Lloyds Banking Group we have a gender-balanced board and over 45% representation of women at leadership level but we recognise that progress is neither linear nor inevitable. The responsibility lies with all of us to lead inclusively and to keep gender equality at the top of the agenda. By doing so  we strengthen our businesses and help build a more dynamic  successful economy.Bina Mehta  Chair of KPMG LLP  said:With the final year of the FTSE Women Leaders Review ahead  I’m delighted we have continued to make substantial progress in achieving greater gender balance in senior roles  something that reflects many years of voluntary effort and collective action. It’s particularly encouraging to see the progress made by the UK’s Top 50 Private companies in their first three years of reporting. These companies are keeping pace with the FTSE100 and are currently reporting 35% of Executive Committee roles are held by women. As Chair of KPMG UK  I am proud that our firm continues to grow the number of women in leadership roles  maintaining our position in the ‘Top Ten Best Performers’. As a firm we recognise the importance of creating an environment where everyone can succeed and thrive. With the country’s renewed focused on economic growth  if businesses continue to work together  we can help to deliver long term prosperous and sustainable growth.The ReviewThe FTSE Women Leaders Review is the independent  business-led framework supported by the Government  which sets recommendations for Britain’s biggest companies to improve the representation of women on their boards and leadership teams. The scope of the Review covers the FTSE 350 and 50 of the UK’s biggest private companies.Adopting a voluntary approach  the Review captures and publishes progress on 26 000 roles on boards and in leadership two layers below the board  across all sectors of British business on an annual basis.Women on Boards: 2024Reported numbers for Women on Boards of FTSE 350  as of 10th January 2025  show:Source – BoardEx:FTSE 100 is at 44.7%  up from 42.6% in 2023FTSE 250 is at 42.6%  up from 41.8% in 2023FTSE 350 is at 43.4.%  up from 42.1% in 202350 largest UK private companies are at 30.5% (30.6% in 2023)Almost three quarters of FTSE 350 Boards (73.4%) have met or exceeded the current 40% target with that number now standing at 257 up from 235 in 2023. The UK FTSE 350 is in 2nd place when compared internationally to the G7 countries but this is being achieved at a greater scale and through entirely voluntary action as opposed to mandatory quota systems. In the UK 350 companies are in scope compared with 40 in France which has quota legislation in place. FTSE 100 companies top the rankings for women on boards compared with international indices including the Euronext 100  IBEX and S&P ASK FTSE 100: 44.7% v Euronext 100: 42.2%  IBEX: 40.9% S&P ASX: 40.2%Women in Leadership: 2024Reported numbers for Women in Leadership (defined as the Executive Committee & Direct Reports to the Executive Committee on a combined basis) show:Source – FTSE Women Leaders  Leadership Data Collection Portal as at 31 October 2024:FTSE 100 is at 36.6% up from 35.2% in 2023FTSE 250 is at 34.2% up from 33.9% in 2023FTSE 350 is at 35.3% up from in 34.5% in 202350 largest UK private companies are at 36.8% up from 35.6% in 2023Four Key Roles: 20241. Women continue to be appointed to the Chair role with a gain of seven FTSE 350 women Chairs in 2024. As a result  the number of women in the Chair role in the FTSE 350 has increased from to 53 in 2023 to 60 in 2024 (17%).2. The number of women SIDs has increased to 192 across the FTSE 350 in 2024  up from 162 in 2023. Now over half of FTSE 350 companies (56%) have a woman SID.3. The percentage of women Finance Directors in the FTSE 350 has increased from 48 in 2023 to 57 in 2024 (22%).4. FTSE 350 women CEOs have reduced from 20 in 2023 to 19 in 2024.The Recommendations for the ReviewThere are four Recommendations that were announced in February 2022 to fuel further progress in delivering gender balance at the top of British business:,neutral,0.18,0.81,0.01,neutral,0.05,0.92,0.02,True,English,"['UK businesses', 'record numbers', 'female leaders', 'way', 'The FTSE Women Leaders Review report', 'Investment Baroness Gustafsson OBE', 'flagship Employment Rights Bill', 'many competing priorities companies', 'Lloyds Banking Group', 'stable, well-paid jobs', 'Exchequer Rachel Reeves', 'strong female voices', 'many other countries', 'medium sized businesses', 'business-led voluntary approach', 'FTSE 350 company boards', 'gender equality companies', 'Top British companies', '350 FTSE companies', 'FTSE 350 boards', 'new report', 'business leaders', 'many women', 'other organisations', 'The UK', 'FTSE350 companies', 'important companies', 'British businesses', 'striking distance', 'sector giants', 'KPMG LLP', 'highest levels', 'fair access', 'living standards', 'London event', 'dynamic economy', 'full potential', 'new ideas', 'greater value', 'international precedent', 'private sector', 'market value', 'maternity leave', 'Vivienne Artz', 'economic, geo-political', 'international standard', 'unique Government-backed', 'world-leading transformation', 'highest ranks', 'Penny James', 'Nimesh Patel', 'voluntary action', 'executive teams', 'FTSE350 businesses', 'company Chairs', 'gender balance', 'inclusive business', 'executive roles', 'decision-making roles', 'senior roles', 'economic growth', 'growth mission', 'equal opportunities', 'disruptive world', 'inclusive leadership', 'year increase', 'equal opportunity', 'positive change', 'technological change', 'top talent', 'government support', 'leadership roles', '40% women', 'drive', 'number', 'firms', 'More', '40% target', 'representation', 'boardrooms', 'billions', 'Plan', 'way', 'Tuesday', 'results', 'progress', 'barriers', 'innovative', 'heart', 'part', 'ministers', 'contribution', 'CEOs', 'everyone', 'Chancellor', 'charge', 'laurels', 'Britain', 'momentum', 'investors', 'everything', 'France', 'use', 'quotas', 'ability', 'overburdening', 'regulation', 'diversity', 'thinking', 'small', 'success', 'Work', 'protections', 'dismissal', 'combination', 'balanced', 'industry', 'effort', 'determination', 'ambition', 'productivity', '1,275']",2025-02-25,2025-02-26,gov.uk
49081,EuroNext,Bing API,https://www.msn.com/en-us/money/economy/anheuser-busch-inbev-proposes-eur-1-00-annual-dividend/ar-AA1zPCQ8,Anheuser-Busch InBev proposes EUR 1.00 annual dividend,Anheuser-Busch InBev (BUD) board proposes a full year 2024 dividend of EUR 1.00/share annual dividend. Payable June 6; for shareholders of record May 7; ex-div May 7 for NYSE ADR program. Dividend Timeline   Ex-dividend date Record Date Payment date Euronext 6 May 2025 7 May 2025 8 May 2025 MEXBOL 6 May 2025 7 May 2025 8 May 2025 JSE 5 May,Anheuser-Busch InBev (BUD) board proposes a full year 2024 dividend of EUR 1.00/share annual dividend. Payable June 6; for shareholders of record May 7; ex-div May 7 for NYSE ADR program. Dividend Timeline   Ex-dividend date Record Date Payment date Euronext 6 May 2025 7 May 2025 8 May 2025 MEXBOL 6 May 2025 7 May 2025 8 May 2025 JSE 5 May,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,True,English,"['EUR 1.00 annual dividend', 'Anheuser-Busch InBev', 'Dividend Timeline \xa0 Ex-dividend date Record Date Payment date', 'EUR 1.00/share annual dividend', 'full year 2024 dividend', 'NYSE ADR program', 'Anheuser-Busch InBev', 'BUD)\xa0board', 'shareholders', 'Euronext', 'May', 'MEXBOL', 'JSE']",2025-02-26,2025-02-26,msn.com
49082,EuroNext,Bing API,https://www.finanznachrichten.de/nachrichten-2025-02/64661538-worldline-sa-appoints-pierre-antoine-vacheron-as-chief-executive-officer-399.htm,Worldline SA appoints Pierre-Antoine Vacheron as Chief Executive Officer,Paris  La Défense  February 25th  2025 The Board of Directors of Worldline [Euronext: WLN]  is pleased to announce that Pierre-Antoine Vacheron has been appointed as Chief Executive Officer effective,"Paris  La Défense  February 25th  2025The Board of Directors of Worldline [Euronext: WLN]  is pleased to announce that Pierre-Antoine Vacheron has been appointed as Chief Executive Officer effective on March 1st  2025  succeeding Marc-Henri Desportes  who has served as an interim CEO since October 2024.Pierre-Antoine brings over 30 years of extensive international and transformational experience as CEO and CFO in the payments  retail and banking industries  most recently as CEO of Payments of Group BPCE and CEO of Natixis Payments. During his tenure at BPCE  Pierre-Antoine focused on product innovation  simplifying the technology and providing excellent customer service to shape a highly competitive and modern payments player in card and account-to-account processing  omnichannel commerce and bank-as-a-service. Before his role at BPCE  Pierre-Antoine headed the Global Merchant Services and Acquiring division of the Ingenico Group. During this period  he oversaw the diversification of Ingenico from a hardware-oriented payments processor to a leading payment services provider.The Board of Directors has determined that the company required a new external profile and is confident that Pierre-Antoine will bring a fresh perspective to Worldline. His priorities will include transforming the company's performance  enhancing the client experience  and strengthening the talent pool and the company's culture.The Board of Directors extends its heartfelt thanks to Marc-Henri for his contributions to the development of Worldline during his tenure as Deputy CEO and ad interim CEO. His steady leadership since October 2024 has been invaluable and reflecting his unwavering commitment to the company's success  he will ensure a seamless transition to Pierre-Antoine.Wilfried Verstraete  Chairman of Worldline's Board  stated: ""Pierre-Antoine is a strategic executive with profound industry expertise. His deep understanding of global markets and proven ability to deliver results in challenging environments make him an ideal leader for Worldline. His passion for technology  commitment to positive transformation  and assured leadership and focus on performance and delivery are invaluable assets. We anticipate that under his leadership  Worldline will strengthen its position as a frontrunner in payment technology and drive sustainable value creation.""Pierre-Antoine Vacheron commented: ""I am thrilled to take the leadership of Worldline at this important moment for the company. Worldline has the size and breadth of expertise to be at the forefront of an ever-changing payments industry. I am eager to bring my expertise in integration and transformational changes in international contexts to make it happen  within the framework of a strategic plan that we will craft together with the Board of Directors. I look forward to working closely with our teams  customers and partners to build trust  foster growth  and create value for all our stakeholders.FY 2024 Financial results will be made available on February 26th  2025 and followed by a webcast. All information will be available on the Company's website (www.worldline.com).Biography :Pierre-Antoine VacheronPierre-Antoine Vacheron brings 30 years of extensive international and transformational experience as CEO and CFO within the banking  retail and payments industries.Pierre-Antoine joins Worldline from BPCE Payments  the payments arm of Groupe BPCE  Europe's fifth-largest retail bank  where he has served as CEO since 2018  making Payments a strategic business for the entire banking group.Over his tenure  Pierre-Antoine Vacheron leveraged his focus on product innovation  technology and customer excellence to shape a highly competitive and modern payments player in card and account-to-account processing (BPCE Payments services)  omnichannel commerce (Payplug) and bank as a service (Xpollens).Before BPCE  Pierre-Antoine Vacheron headed the Merchant Services and Acquiring division of Ingenico Group globally. During this period (2009-2017)  he notably oversaw the company's diversification  contributing to transforming Ingenico  then hardware oriented  into a leading payment services provider  with the strategic acquisitions of Ogone and Global Collect.After graduating from the Ecole Nationale d'Administration  Pierre-Antoine Vacheron held financial leadership roles in international and listed companies  across technological (Airbus  Alstom) and retail (Etam) industries  demonstrating his breadth of expertise in finance  operations and technology.FORTHCOMING EVENTSFebruary 26  2025 FY 2024 resultsApril 23  2025 Q1 2025 revenueJune 5  2025 Annual General Meeting July 30  2025 H1 2025 resultsINVESTOR RELATIONSLaurent MarieE laurent.marie@worldline.comPeter FarrenE peter.farren@worldline.comGuillaume DelaunayE guillaume.delaunay@worldline.comCOMMUNICATIONSandrine van der GhinstE sandrine.vanderghinst@worldline.comHélène CarlanderE helene.carlander@worldline.comABOUT WORLDLINEWorldline [Euronext: WLN] helps businesses of all shapes and sizes to accelerate their growth journey - quickly  simply  and securely. With advanced payments technology  local expertise and solutions customised for hundreds of markets and industries  Worldline powers the growth of over one million businesses around the world. Worldline generated a 4.6 billion euros revenue in 2023. worldline.comWorldline's corporate purpose (""raison d'être"") is to design and operate leading digital payment and transactional solutions that enable sustainable economic growth and reinforce trust and security in our societies. Worldline makes them environmentally friendly  widely accessible  and supports social transformation.",neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,positive,0.93,0.07,0.0,True,English,"['Chief Executive Officer', 'Worldline SA', 'Pierre-Antoine Vacheron', ""Ecole Nationale d'Administration"", 'leading payment services provider', 'Sandrine van der Ghinst', 'Hélène Carlander', 'INVESTOR RELATIONS Laurent Marie', 'La Défense', 'new external profile', 'Annual General Meeting', 'Chief Executive Officer', 'modern payments player', 'hardware-oriented payments processor', 'changing payments industry', 'Global Merchant Services', 'sustainable value creation', 'financial leadership roles', 'profound industry expertise', 'FY 2024 Financial results', 'entire banking group', 'excellent customer service', 'ad interim CEO', 'BPCE Payments services', 'largest retail bank', 'payment technology', 'banking industries', 'strategic executive', 'customer excellence', 'FY 2024 results', 'global markets', 'Global Collect', 'Natixis Payments', 'payments industries', 'payments arm', 'March 1st', 'transformational experience', 'product innovation', 'account processing', 'omnichannel commerce', 'Acquiring division', 'fresh perspective', 'client experience', 'talent pool', 'seamless transition', 'Wilfried Verstraete', 'deep understanding', 'proven ability', 'challenging environments', 'positive transformation', 'invaluable assets', 'important moment', 'transformational changes', 'strategic plan', 'strategic business', 'strategic acquisitions', 'listed companies', 'Etam) industries', 'FORTHCOMING EVENTS', 'Q1 2025 revenue', 'H1 2025 results', 'extensive international', 'international contexts', 'February 25th', 'February 26th', 'steady leadership', 'Groupe BPCE', 'Pierre-Antoine Vacheron', 'Marc-Henri Desportes', 'Ingenico Group', 'Deputy CEO', 'unwavering commitment', 'The Board', 'Peter Farren', 'Guillaume Delaunay', 'WORLDLINE Worldline', 'Paris', 'Directors', 'Euronext', 'WLN', 'October', '30 years', 'CFO', 'tenure', 'competitive', 'card', 'period', 'diversification', 'company', 'priorities', 'performance', 'culture', 'heartfelt', 'contributions', 'development', 'success', 'Chairman', 'passion', 'focus', 'delivery', 'position', 'frontrunner', 'size', 'breadth', 'forefront', 'integration', 'framework', 'teams', 'customers', 'partners', 'trust', 'growth', 'stakeholders', 'webcast', 'information', 'website', 'Biography', 'Europe', 'fifth', 'Payplug', 'Xpollens', 'Ogone', 'technological', 'Airbus', 'Alstom', 'finance', 'operations', 'April', 'June', 'COMMUNICATION', 'vanderghinst', 'businesses', 'shapes']",2025-02-06,2025-02-26,finanznachrichten.de
49083,EuroNext,Bing API,https://www.finanznachrichten.de/nachrichten-2025-02/64660842-wolters-kluwer-n-v-wolter-kluwer-ceo-nancy-mckinstry-announces-retirement-in-early-2026-stacey-caywood-nominated-as-successor-399.htm,Wolters Kluwer N.V.: Wolter Kluwer CEO Nancy McKinstry announces retirement in early 2026  Stacey Caywood nominated as successor,PRESS RELEASE Wolter Kluwer CEO Nancy McKinstry announces retirement in early 2026 Stacey Caywood nominated as successor Alphen aan den Rijn - February 26,"PRESS RELEASEWolter Kluwer CEO Nancy McKinstry announces retirement in early 2026 Stacey Caywood nominated as successorAlphen aan den Rijn - February 26  2025 - Wolters Kluwer (Euronext: WKL) announces today that after a very successful tenure as the CEO and Chair of the Executive Board of Wolters Kluwer  Nancy McKinstry has decided to retire in February 2026. At the Annual General Meeting of Shareholders on May 15  2025  the Supervisory Board will nominate Stacey Caywood  current CEO of Wolters Kluwer Health  as a member of the Executive Board  with the intention of appointing her as CEO of Wolters Kluwer in February 2026.""On behalf of the entire Supervisory Board  I would like to extend our heartfelt congratulations to Nancy McKinstry on her well-deserved retirement next year. Nancy's visionary leadership and unwavering dedication have been instrumental in driving Wolters Kluwer's success  which has been recognized in many ways but perhaps most notably by a more than tenfold increase in the company's market capitalization during her time as CEO. We are immensely grateful for the strong foundation she has built at Wolters Kluwer and for her commitment to ensuring an orderly and seamless transition  said Ann Ziegler  Chair of the Wolters Kluwer Supervisory Board.""We are delighted to nominate Stacey Caywood as Wolters Kluwer CEO  effective February 2026 "" Ms. Ziegler added. ""Stacey's successful track record leading two of our largest divisions  her deep understanding of our business  and her active role in developing the group's 2025-2027 strategic plan make her the ideal candidate to lead the company into the future. For over thirty years  Stacey has held various leadership roles within the company  and we have full confidence in her ability to continue Wolters Kluwer's legacy of sustainable value creation through excellence and innovation. We look forward to working closely with Stacey and supporting her in this new role.""""It has been an honor and privilege to lead Wolters Kluwer through decades of transformation as the market has evolved  and I am committed to ensuring the company's continued strength and relevance "" said Ms. McKinstry. ""I am deeply grateful to the Board and my past and present colleagues for their support throughout my tenure. We have a strong foundation in place and  with Stacey  an extraordinarily talented and experienced successor. Stacey's track record as a leader  her customer-focused approach  and her deep knowledge of our company gives me full confidence that Wolters Kluwer will be in excellent hands under her leadership. I am dedicated to ensuring a seamless transition over the next year.""Stacey Caywood  CEO of Wolters Kluwer Health since 2020  has led the further evolution and development of Wolters Kluwer's healthcare solutions  ensuring medical and nursing professionals around the world can benefit from advanced clinical technology and evidence-based data and insights. Previously  as CEO of Wolters Kluwer Legal & Regulatory  she led a strategic transformation across Europe and the U.S.  returning the business to organic growth. Ms. Caywood is a seasoned executive with extensive experience; she excels in business transformation  digital revenue growth  and innovation across legal  compliance  and healthcare markets. Her expertise spans strategy execution  portfolio management and M&A  product innovation  and commercial excellence.After appointment by Wolters Kluwer's shareholders at the Annual General Meeting on May 15  2025  the Executive Board of Wolters Kluwer N.V. will consist of Nancy McKinstry (CEO  until February 2026)  Kevin Entricken (CFO) and Stacey Caywood.For more information about Wolters Kluwer  please visit: www.wolterskluwer.com.###About Wolters KluwerWolters Kluwer (Euronext: WKL) is a global leader in information  software solutions and services for professionals in healthcare; tax and accounting; financial and corporate compliance; legal and regulatory; corporate performance and ESG. We help our customers make critical decisions every day by providing expert solutions that combine deep domain knowledge with technology and services.Wolters Kluwer reported 2024 annual revenues of €5.9 billion. The group serves customers in over 180 countries  maintains operations in over 40 countries  and employs approximately 21 400 people worldwide.The company is headquartered in Alphen aan den Rijn  the Netherlands. Wolters Kluwer shares are listed on Euronext Amsterdam (WKL) and are included in the AEX  Euro Stoxx 50 and Euronext 100 indices. Wolters Kluwer has a sponsored Level 1 American Depositary Receipt (ADR) program. The ADRs are traded on the over-the-counter market in the U.S. (WTKWY).For more information  visit www.wolterskluwer.com  follow us on LinkedIn  Facebook  YouTubeand Instagram.Media Investors/Analysts Stefan Kloet Meg Geldens Associate Director Vice President Global Communications Investor Relations press@wolterskluwer.com ir@wolterskluwer.com m: +31 6 12 22 36 57Forward-looking Statements and Other Important Legal InformationThis report contains forward-looking statements. These statements may be identified by words such as ""expect""  ""should""  ""could""  ""shall"" and similar expressions. Wolters Kluwer cautions that such forward-looking statements are qualified by certain risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results and events to differ materially from what is contemplated by the forward-looking statements. Factors which could cause actual results to differ from these forward-looking statements may include  without limitation  general economic conditions; conditions in the markets in which Wolters Kluwer is engaged; conditions created by pandemics; behavior of customers  suppliers  and competitors; technological developments; the implementation and execution of new ICT systems or outsourcing; and legal  tax  and regulatory rules affecting Wolters Kluwer's businesses  as well as risks related to mergers  acquisitions  and divestments. In addition  financial risks such as currency movements  interest rate fluctuations  liquidity  and credit risks could influence future results. The foregoing list of factors should not be construed as exhaustive. Wolters Kluwer disclaims any intention or obligation to publicly update or revise any forward-looking statements  whether as a result of new information  future events or otherwise.Elements of this press release contain or may contain inside information about Wolters Kluwer within the meaning of Article 7(1) of the Market Abuse Regulation (596/2014/EU). Trademarks referenced are owned by Wolters Kluwer N.V. and its subsidiaries and may be registered in various countries.Attachment",neutral,0.05,0.94,0.0,positive,0.79,0.21,0.01,True,English,"['Wolter Kluwer CEO Nancy McKinstry', 'Wolters Kluwer N.V.', 'Stacey Caywood', 'retirement', 'successor', 'Analysts Stefan Kloet Meg Geldens Associate Director', 'Alphen aan den Rijn', 'Level 1 American Depositary Receipt', 'Global Communications Investor Relations', 'Wolters Kluwer N.V.', 'Other Important Legal Information', 'Wolters Kluwer Supervisory Board', 'sustainable value creation', 'Annual General Meeting', '2025-2027 strategic plan', 'digital revenue growth', 'entire Supervisory Board', 'various leadership roles', 'advanced clinical technology', 'Wolters Kluwer Health', 'Wolters Kluwer shares', 'deep domain knowledge', 'successful track record', 'Wolters Kluwer Legal', 'Wolter Kluwer CEO', 'Wolters Kluwer CEO', 'deep knowledge', '2024 annual revenues', 'organic growth', 'legal, compliance', 'global leader', 'deep understanding', 'Executive Board', 'strategic transformation', 'PRESS RELEASE', 'successful tenure', 'heartfelt congratulations', 'visionary leadership', 'unwavering dedication', 'many ways', 'tenfold increase', 'strong foundation', 'seamless transition', 'Ann Ziegler', 'Ms. Ziegler', 'largest divisions', 'active role', 'ideal candidate', 'thirty years', 'full confidence', 'new role', 'continued strength', 'Ms. McKinstry', 'present colleagues', 'customer-focused approach', 'excellent hands', 'next year', 'evidence-based data', 'U.S.', 'Ms. Caywood', 'seasoned executive', 'extensive experience', 'strategy execution', 'portfolio management', 'M&A', 'Kevin Entricken', 'software solutions', 'corporate compliance', 'corporate performance', 'critical decisions', 'expert solutions', 'Euro Stoxx 50', 'ADR) program', 'Media Investors', 'Vice President', 'Forward-looking Statements', 'Nancy McKinstry', 'market capitalization', 'healthcare solutions', 'healthcare markets', 'counter market', 'current CEO', 'Stacey Caywood', 'experienced successor', 'nursing professionals', 'commercial excellence', 'Euronext Amsterdam', 'Euronext 100 indices', 'product innovation', 'business transformation', 'retirement', 'early', 'February', 'WKL', 'Chair', 'Shareholders', 'May', 'member', 'intention', 'behalf', 'deserved', 'company', 'time', 'commitment', 'orderly', 'group', 'future', 'ability', 'legacy', 'honor', 'privilege', 'decades', 'relevance', 'past', 'support', 'place', 'talented', 'evolution', 'development', 'medical', 'world', 'insights', 'Regulatory', 'Europe', 'expertise', 'appointment', 'CFO', 'wolterskluwer', 'services', 'tax', 'accounting', 'financial', 'ESG.', 'customers', '180 countries', 'operations', '40 countries', '21,400 people', 'Netherlands', 'AEX', 'ADRs', 'WTKWY', 'LinkedIn', 'Facebook', 'YouTubeand', 'Instagram', 'report']",2025-02-06,2025-02-26,finanznachrichten.de
49084,EuroNext,Bing API,https://www.manilatimes.net/2025/02/26/tmt-newswire/globenewswire/wolter-kluwer-ceo-nancy-mckinstry-announces-retirement-in-early-2026-stacey-caywood-nominated-as-successor/2062728,Wolter Kluwer CEO Nancy McKinstry announces retirement in early 2026  Stacey Caywood nominated as successor,Alphen aan den Rijn - February 26  2025 - Wolters Kluwer (Euronext: WKL) announces today that after a very successful tenure as the CEO and Chair of the Executive Board of Wolters Kluwer  Nancy McKinstry has decided to retire in February 2026.,"PRESS RELEASEWolter Kluwer CEO Nancy McKinstry announces retirement in early 2026 Stacey Caywood nominated as successorAlphen aan den Rijn - February 26  2025 - Wolters Kluwer (Euronext: WKL) announces today that after a very successful tenure as the CEO and Chair of the Executive Board of Wolters Kluwer  Nancy McKinstry has decided to retire in February 2026. At the Annual General Meeting of Shareholders on May 15  2025  the Supervisory Board will nominate Stacey Caywood  current CEO of Wolters Kluwer Health  as a member of the Executive Board  with the intention of appointing her as CEO of Wolters Kluwer in February 2026.""On behalf of the entire Supervisory Board  I would like to extend our heartfelt congratulations to Nancy McKinstry on her well-deserved retirement next year. Nancy's visionary leadership and unwavering dedication have been instrumental in driving Wolters Kluwer's success  which has been recognized in many ways but perhaps most notably by a more than tenfold increase in the company's market capitalization during her time as CEO. We are immensely grateful for the strong foundation she has built at Wolters Kluwer and for her commitment to ensuring an orderly and seamless transition  said Ann Ziegler  Chair of the Wolters Kluwer Supervisory Board.Get the latest newsdelivered to your inbox Sign up for The Manila Times newsletters By signing up with an email address  I acknowledge that I have read and agree to the Terms of Service and Privacy Policy""We are delighted to nominate Stacey Caywood as Wolters Kluwer CEO  effective February 2026 ” Ms. Ziegler added. ""Stacey's successful track record leading two of our largest divisions  her deep understanding of our business  and her active role in developing the group's 2025-2027 strategic plan make her the ideal candidate to lead the company into the future. For over thirty years  Stacey has held various leadership roles within the company  and we have full confidence in her ability to continue Wolters Kluwer's legacy of sustainable value creation through excellence and innovation. We look forward to working closely with Stacey and supporting her in this new role.”""It has been an honor and privilege to lead Wolters Kluwer through decades of transformation as the market has evolved  and I am committed to ensuring the company's continued strength and relevance "" said Ms. McKinstry. ""I am deeply grateful to the Board and my past and present colleagues for their support throughout my tenure. We have a strong foundation in place and  with Stacey  an extraordinarily talented and experienced successor. Stacey's track record as a leader  her customer-focused approach  and her deep knowledge of our company gives me full confidence that Wolters Kluwer will be in excellent hands under her leadership. I am dedicated to ensuring a seamless transition over the next year.""AdvertisementStacey Caywood  CEO of Wolters Kluwer Health since 2020  has led the further evolution and development of Wolters Kluwer's healthcare solutions  ensuring medical and nursing professionals around the world can benefit from advanced clinical technology and evidence-based data and insights. Previously  as CEO of Wolters Kluwer Legal & Regulatory  she led a strategic transformation across Europe and the U.S.  returning the business to organic growth. Ms. Caywood is a seasoned executive with extensive experience; she excels in business transformation  digital revenue growth  and innovation across legal  compliance  and healthcare markets. Her expertise spans strategy execution  portfolio management and M&A  product innovation  and commercial excellence.After appointment by Wolters Kluwer's shareholders at the Annual General Meeting on May 15  2025  the Executive Board of Wolters Kluwer N.V. will consist of Nancy McKinstry (CEO  until February 2026)  Kevin Entricken (CFO) and Stacey Caywood.For more information about Wolters Kluwer  please visit: www.wolterskluwer.com.###AdvertisementAbout Wolters KluwerWolters Kluwer (Euronext: WKL) is a global leader in information  software solutions and services for professionals in healthcare; tax and accounting; financial and corporate compliance; legal and regulatory; corporate performance and ESG. We help our customers make critical decisions every day by providing expert solutions that combine deep domain knowledge with technology and services.Wolters Kluwer reported 2024 annual revenues of €5.9 billion. The group serves customers in over 180 countries  maintains operations in over 40 countries  and employs approximately 21 400 people worldwide.The company is headquartered in Alphen aan den Rijn  the Netherlands. Wolters Kluwer shares are listed on Euronext Amsterdam (WKL) and are included in the AEX  Euro Stoxx 50 and Euronext 100 indices. Wolters Kluwer has a sponsored Level 1 American Depositary Receipt (ADR) program. The ADRs are traded on the over-the-counter market in the U.S. (WTKWY).AdvertisementFor more information  visit www.wolterskluwer.com  follow us on LinkedIn  Facebook  YouTube and Instagram.Media Investors/Analysts Stefan Kloet Meg Geldens Associate Director Vice President Global Communications Investor Relations [email protected] [email protected] m: +31 6 12 22 36 57This report contains forward-looking statements. These statements may be identified by words such as ""expect”  ""should”  ""could”  ""shall” and similar expressions. Wolters Kluwer cautions that such forward-looking statements are qualified by certain risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results and events to differ materially from what is contemplated by the forward-looking statements. Factors which could cause actual results to differ from these forward-looking statements may include  without limitation  general economic conditions; conditions in the markets in which Wolters Kluwer is engaged; conditions created by pandemics; behavior of customers  suppliers  and competitors; technological developments; the implementation and execution of new ICT systems or outsourcing; and legal  tax  and regulatory rules affecting Wolters Kluwer's businesses  as well as risks related to mergers  acquisitions  and divestments. In addition  financial risks such as currency movements  interest rate fluctuations  liquidity  and credit risks could influence future results. The foregoing list of factors should not be construed as exhaustive. Wolters Kluwer disclaims any intention or obligation to publicly update or revise any forward-looking statements  whether as a result of new information  future events or otherwise.Elements of this press release contain or may contain inside information about Wolters Kluwer within the meaning of Article 7(1) of the Market Abuse Regulation (596/2014/EU). Trademarks referenced are owned by Wolters Kluwer N.V. and its subsidiaries and may be registered in various countries.AdvertisementAttachment",neutral,0.02,0.98,0.0,positive,0.79,0.2,0.01,True,English,"['Wolter Kluwer CEO Nancy McKinstry', 'Stacey Caywood', 'retirement', 'successor', 'Alphen aan den Rijn', 'Level 1 American Depositary Receipt', 'The Manila Times newsletters', 'Wolters Kluwer N.V.', 'Wolters Kluwer Supervisory Board', 'sustainable value creation', 'Annual General Meeting', '2025-2027 strategic plan', 'digital revenue growth', 'entire Supervisory Board', 'various leadership roles', 'advanced clinical technology', 'Wolters Kluwer Health', 'Wolters Kluwer shares', 'deep domain knowledge', 'successful track record', 'Wolter Kluwer CEO', 'Wolters Kluwer Legal', 'Wolters Kluwer CEO', 'deep knowledge', '2024 annual revenues', 'organic growth', 'deep understanding', 'Executive Board', 'strategic transformation', 'PRESS RELEASE', 'successful tenure', 'heartfelt congratulations', 'visionary leadership', 'unwavering dedication', 'many ways', 'tenfold increase', 'strong foundation', 'seamless transition', 'Ann Ziegler', 'latest news', 'email address', 'Privacy Policy', 'Ms. Ziegler', 'largest divisions', 'active role', 'ideal candidate', 'thirty years', 'full confidence', 'new role', 'continued strength', 'Ms. McKinstry', 'present colleagues', 'customer-focused approach', 'excellent hands', 'next year', 'evidence-based data', 'U.S.', 'Ms. Caywood', 'seasoned executive', 'extensive experience', 'legal, compliance', 'strategy execution', 'portfolio management', 'M&A', 'Kevin Entricken', 'software solutions', 'corporate compliance', 'corporate performance', 'critical decisions', 'expert solutions', 'Euro Stoxx 50', 'ADR) program', 'Media Investors', 'Nancy McKinstry', 'market capitalization', 'healthcare solutions', 'healthcare markets', 'counter market', 'current CEO', 'Stacey Caywood', 'experienced successor', 'nursing professionals', 'commercial excellence', 'global leader', 'Euronext Amsterdam', 'Euronext 100 indices', 'product innovation', 'business transformation', 'retirement', 'early', 'February', 'WKL', 'Chair', 'Shareholders', 'May', 'member', 'intention', 'behalf', 'deserved', 'company', 'commitment', 'orderly', 'inbox', 'Terms', 'Service', 'group', 'future', 'ability', 'legacy', 'honor', 'privilege', 'decades', 'relevance', 'past', 'support', 'place', 'talented', 'Advertisement', 'evolution', 'development', 'medical', 'world', 'insights', 'Regulatory', 'Europe', 'expertise', 'appointment', 'CFO', 'information', 'wolterskluwer', 'tax', 'accounting', 'financial', 'ESG.', 'customers', '180 countries', 'operations', '40 countries', '21,400 people', 'Netherlands', 'AEX', 'ADRs', 'WTKWY', 'LinkedIn', 'Facebook', 'YouTube', 'Instagram']",2025-02-26,2025-02-26,manilatimes.net
