UID,Searchword,API,URL,Title,Summary,Article,Title_Sentiment,Title_Positive,Title_Neutral,Title_Negative,Article_Sentiment,Article_Positive,Article_Neutral,Article_Negative,Verified,Language,Topics,Date,Load_Date,Source
6087,Clearstream,Twitter API,Twitter,@SoniaBrahmi9 Le Luxembourg… cf clearstreamjersey  delaware  malte  iles caiman  gibraltar  bermude…,nan,@SoniaBrahmi9 Le Luxembourg… cf clearstreamjersey  delaware  malte  iles caiman  gibraltar  bermude…,neutral,0.07,0.91,0.02,neutral,0.07,0.91,0.02,True,English,"['SoniaBrahmi9 Le Luxembourg', 'cf clearstream', 'iles caiman', 'jersey', 'delaware', 'malte', 'gibraltar', 'bermude', 'SoniaBrahmi9 Le Luxembourg', 'cf clearstream', 'iles caiman', 'jersey', 'delaware', 'malte', 'gibraltar', 'bermude']",2022-06-07,2022-06-13,Unknown
6180,Clearstream,Twitter API,Twitter,C$282.28 - #FreeShipping | Best sales in best prices  Antennas Direct Clearstream 4V Indoor/Outdoor #AntennasDirect… https://t.co/ICTQMqGe8E,nan,C$282.28 - #FreeShipping | Best sales in best prices  Antennas Direct Clearstream 4V Indoor/Outdoor #AntennasDirect… https://t.co/ICTQMqGe8E,positive,0.81,0.18,0.01,positive,0.81,0.18,0.01,True,English,"['Antennas Direct Clearstream 4V', 'Best sales', 'best prices', 'Outdoor', 'AntennasDirect', 'ICTQMqGe8E', 'Antennas Direct Clearstream 4V', 'Best sales', 'best prices', 'Outdoor', 'AntennasDirect', 'ICTQMqGe8E']",2022-06-08,2022-06-13,Unknown
6242,Clearstream,Twitter API,Twitter,ClearStream Announces Voting Results from Shareholders’ Meeting https://t.co/WOx9i3xKzS,nan,ClearStream Announces Voting Results from Shareholders’ Meeting https://t.co/WOx9i3xKzS,neutral,0.03,0.95,0.02,neutral,0.03,0.95,0.02,True,English,"['Voting Results', 'Shareholders’ Meeting', 'ClearStream', 'WOx9i3xKzS', 'Voting Results', 'Shareholders’ Meeting', 'ClearStream', 'WOx9i3xKzS']",2022-06-10,2022-06-13,Unknown
6243,Clearstream,Twitter API,Twitter,Check out this great #sale at @BestBuy! $20 off the ClearStream 2MAX and $30 off the ClearStream 4MAX until 6/12.… https://t.co/EiUdtAHgLx,nan,Check out this great #sale at @BestBuy! $20 off the ClearStream 2MAX and $30 off the ClearStream 4MAX until 6/12.… https://t.co/EiUdtAHgLx,positive,1.0,0.0,0.0,positive,1.0,0.0,0.0,True,English,"['great #sale', 'ClearStream 2MAX', '6/12', 'EiUdtAHgLx', 'great #sale', 'ClearStream 2MAX', '6/12', 'EiUdtAHgLx']",2022-06-10,2022-06-13,Unknown
6244,Clearstream,Twitter API,Twitter,Clearstream halts Russian share conversions after new EU sanctions  https://t.co/Wwaudgt5iq,nan,Clearstream halts Russian share conversions after new EU sanctions  https://t.co/Wwaudgt5iq,neutral,0.02,0.66,0.32,neutral,0.02,0.66,0.32,True,English,"['Russian share conversions', 'new EU sanctions', 'Clearstream', 'Wwaudgt5iq', 'Russian share conversions', 'new EU sanctions', 'Clearstream', 'Wwaudgt5iq']",2022-06-10,2022-06-13,Unknown
6245,Clearstream,Twitter API,Twitter,Clearstream halts Russian share conversions after new EU sanctions  https://t.co/HjzxmOYmOt,nan,Clearstream halts Russian share conversions after new EU sanctions  https://t.co/HjzxmOYmOt,neutral,0.02,0.68,0.29,neutral,0.02,0.68,0.29,True,English,"['Russian share conversions', 'new EU sanctions', 'Clearstream', 'HjzxmOYmOt', 'Russian share conversions', 'new EU sanctions', 'Clearstream', 'HjzxmOYmOt']",2022-06-10,2022-06-13,Unknown
6246,Clearstream,Twitter API,Twitter,@afournier89 @denisrobert11 @sergefaubert ou Clearstream se l'ai taper,nan,@afournier89 @denisrobert11 @sergefaubert ou Clearstream se l'ai taper,neutral,0.03,0.94,0.03,neutral,0.03,0.94,0.03,True,English,"['afournier89', 'denisrobert11', 'sergefaubert', 'Clearstream', 'afournier89', 'denisrobert11', 'sergefaubert', 'Clearstream']",2022-06-09,2022-06-13,Unknown
6247,Clearstream,Twitter API,Twitter,🗓️ Block your calendar for two panel discussions on 13 and 14 June 2022 with #Clearstream's Philip Brown (12:10 – 1… https://t.co/dPh5kGRG2d,nan,🗓️ Block your calendar for two panel discussions on 13 and 14 June 2022 with #Clearstream's Philip Brown (12:10 – 1… https://t.co/dPh5kGRG2d,neutral,0.02,0.96,0.01,neutral,0.02,0.96,0.01,True,English,"['two panel discussions', 'Philip Brown', 'calendar', '14 June', 'dPh5kGRG2d', '13', 'two panel discussions', 'Philip Brown', 'calendar', '14 June', 'dPh5kGRG2d', '13']",2022-06-09,2022-06-13,Unknown
6252,Deutsche Boerse,Twitter API,Twitter,We are excited about the future cooperation with Deutsche Börse. 🤩 Learn more about the partnership on our website… https://t.co/q3SJomctJC,nan,We are excited about the future cooperation with Deutsche Börse. 🤩 Learn more about the partnership on our website… https://t.co/q3SJomctJC,positive,0.85,0.14,0.01,positive,0.85,0.14,0.01,True,English,"['Deutsche Börse', 'future cooperation', 'partnership', 'website', 'q3SJomctJC', 'Deutsche Börse', 'future cooperation', 'partnership', 'website', 'q3SJomctJC']",2022-06-10,2022-06-13,Unknown
6253,Deutsche Boerse,Twitter API,Twitter,It’s the final weekend to see the brilliant Deutsche Börse Photography Foundation Prize exhibition @TPGallery - my… https://t.co/xVDDjRnhdY,nan,It’s the final weekend to see the brilliant Deutsche Börse Photography Foundation Prize exhibition @TPGallery - my… https://t.co/xVDDjRnhdY,positive,0.98,0.02,0.0,positive,0.98,0.02,0.0,True,English,"['brilliant Deutsche Börse Photography Foundation Prize exhibition', 'final weekend', 'xVDDjRnhdY', 'brilliant Deutsche Börse Photography Foundation Prize exhibition', 'final weekend', 'xVDDjRnhdY']",2022-06-10,2022-06-13,Unknown
6254,Deutsche Boerse,Twitter API,Twitter,Deutsche Börse Aims to Ease Digital Securities Transfer With New Deal . A partnership with Cashlink simplifies the… https://t.co/SD2UhqSkIa,nan,Deutsche Börse Aims to Ease Digital Securities Transfer With New Deal . A partnership with Cashlink simplifies the… https://t.co/SD2UhqSkIa,neutral,0.1,0.89,0.01,neutral,0.1,0.89,0.01,True,English,"['Deutsche Börse', 'Digital Securities Transfer', 'New Deal', 'partnership', 'Cashlink', 'SD2UhqSkIa', 'Deutsche Börse', 'Digital Securities Transfer', 'New Deal', 'partnership', 'Cashlink', 'SD2UhqSkIa']",2022-06-09,2022-06-13,Unknown
6255,Deutsche Boerse,Twitter API,Twitter,Deutsche Börse Aims to Ease Digital Securities Transfer With New Deal . A partnership with Cashlink simplifies the… https://t.co/ddPMbJj6mC,nan,Deutsche Börse Aims to Ease Digital Securities Transfer With New Deal . A partnership with Cashlink simplifies the… https://t.co/ddPMbJj6mC,neutral,0.1,0.89,0.01,neutral,0.1,0.89,0.01,True,English,"['Deutsche Börse', 'Digital Securities Transfer', 'New Deal', 'partnership', 'Cashlink', 'ddPMbJj6mC', 'Deutsche Börse', 'Digital Securities Transfer', 'New Deal', 'partnership', 'Cashlink', 'ddPMbJj6mC']",2022-06-09,2022-06-13,Unknown
6321,Clearstream,Twitter API,Twitter,Clearstream: Clearstream halts Russian share conversions after new EU sanctions - Devdiscoursehttps://t.co/PBMOzl6oVs,nan,Clearstream: Clearstream halts Russian share conversions after new EU sanctions - Devdiscoursehttps://t.co/PBMOzl6oVs,neutral,0.04,0.78,0.17,neutral,0.04,0.78,0.17,True,English,"['Russian share conversions', 'new EU sanctions', 'Clearstream', 'Devdiscourse', 'PBMOzl6oVs', 'Russian share conversions', 'new EU sanctions', 'Clearstream', 'Devdiscourse', 'PBMOzl6oVs']",2022-06-11,2022-06-13,Unknown
6322,Clearstream,Twitter API,Twitter,"@AraucoDirk @rockeyelephant @ezzzzgggg @caret311 Not possible anymore  ""Clearstream Suspends DR Conversion of Russi… https://t.co/ESpTslXgEA",nan,"@AraucoDirk @rockeyelephant @ezzzzgggg @caret311 Not possible anymore  ""Clearstream Suspends DR Conversion of Russi… https://t.co/ESpTslXgEA",negative,0.01,0.05,0.94,negative,0.01,0.05,0.94,True,English,"['AraucoDirk', 'rockeyelephant', 'ezzzzgggg', 'caret311', 'Clearstream', 'DR', 'Conversion', 'Russi', 'ESpTslXgEA', 'AraucoDirk', 'rockeyelephant', 'ezzzzgggg', 'caret311', 'Clearstream', 'DR', 'Conversion', 'Russi', 'ESpTslXgEA']",2022-06-11,2022-06-13,Unknown
6324,Deutsche Boerse,Twitter API,Twitter,Deutsche Boerse Establishes Centrally-Steered Unit Dedicated to Blockchain  Crypto Assets . Germany’s joint stock c… https://t.co/uy88P95Igm,nan,Deutsche Boerse Establishes Centrally-Steered Unit Dedicated to Blockchain  Crypto Assets . Germany’s joint stock c… https://t.co/uy88P95Igm,neutral,0.02,0.95,0.02,neutral,0.02,0.95,0.02,True,English,"['Deutsche Boerse', 'Steered Unit', 'Crypto Assets', 'joint stock', 'Blockchain', 'Germany', 'uy88P95Igm', 'Deutsche Boerse', 'Steered Unit', 'Crypto Assets', 'joint stock', 'Blockchain', 'Germany', 'uy88P95Igm']",2022-06-11,2022-06-13,Unknown
6325,Deutsche Boerse,Twitter API,Twitter,Deutsche Boerse Purchases Minority Share in Blockchain Partner HQLAx . Deutsche Boerse announced it had invested in… https://t.co/49fsBex7i6,nan,Deutsche Boerse Purchases Minority Share in Blockchain Partner HQLAx . Deutsche Boerse announced it had invested in… https://t.co/49fsBex7i6,neutral,0.03,0.9,0.08,neutral,0.03,0.9,0.08,True,English,"['Deutsche Boerse', 'Minority Share', 'Blockchain Partner', 'HQLAx', '49fsBex7i6', 'Deutsche Boerse', 'Minority Share', 'Blockchain Partner', 'HQLAx', '49fsBex7i6']",2022-06-11,2022-06-13,Unknown
6326,Deutsche Boerse,Twitter API,Twitter,Deutsche Boerse Purchases Minority Share in Blockchain Partner HQLAx . Deutsche Boerse announced it had invested in… https://t.co/RmYiKd65om,nan,Deutsche Boerse Purchases Minority Share in Blockchain Partner HQLAx . Deutsche Boerse announced it had invested in… https://t.co/RmYiKd65om,neutral,0.03,0.88,0.08,neutral,0.03,0.88,0.08,True,English,"['Deutsche Boerse', 'Minority Share', 'Blockchain Partner', 'HQLAx', 'RmYiKd65om', 'Deutsche Boerse', 'Minority Share', 'Blockchain Partner', 'HQLAx', 'RmYiKd65om']",2022-06-11,2022-06-13,Unknown
6327,Deutsche Boerse,Twitter API,Twitter,German Central Bank and Deutsche Boerse Successfully Complete Blockchain Settlement Trial . The Central Bank of Ger… https://t.co/Jg1fWWe2Vj,nan,German Central Bank and Deutsche Boerse Successfully Complete Blockchain Settlement Trial . The Central Bank of Ger… https://t.co/Jg1fWWe2Vj,neutral,0.04,0.92,0.04,neutral,0.04,0.92,0.04,True,English,"['German Central Bank', 'Blockchain Settlement Trial', 'The Central Bank', 'Deutsche Boerse', 'Jg1fWWe2Vj', 'German Central Bank', 'Blockchain Settlement Trial', 'The Central Bank', 'Deutsche Boerse', 'Jg1fWWe2Vj']",2022-06-11,2022-06-13,Unknown
6328,Deutsche Boerse,Twitter API,Twitter,Deutsche Boerse  Commerzbank Complete Blockchain PoC for Legally Binding Repo Transaction . German financial servic… https://t.co/RVJwqkZoQW,nan,Deutsche Boerse  Commerzbank Complete Blockchain PoC for Legally Binding Repo Transaction . German financial servic… https://t.co/RVJwqkZoQW,neutral,0.03,0.94,0.02,neutral,0.03,0.94,0.02,True,English,"['Commerzbank Complete Blockchain PoC', 'Binding Repo Transaction', 'German financial servic', 'Deutsche Boerse', 'RVJwqkZoQW', 'Commerzbank Complete Blockchain PoC', 'Binding Repo Transaction', 'German financial servic', 'Deutsche Boerse', 'RVJwqkZoQW']",2022-06-11,2022-06-13,Unknown
6329,Deutsche Boerse,Twitter API,Twitter,Deutsche Boerse  Commerzbank Complete Blockchain PoC for Legally Binding Repo Transaction . German financial servic… https://t.co/keKkqaEV78,nan,Deutsche Boerse  Commerzbank Complete Blockchain PoC for Legally Binding Repo Transaction . German financial servic… https://t.co/keKkqaEV78,neutral,0.04,0.94,0.02,neutral,0.04,0.94,0.02,True,English,"['Commerzbank Complete Blockchain PoC', 'Binding Repo Transaction', 'German financial servic', 'Deutsche Boerse', 'keKkqaEV78', 'Commerzbank Complete Blockchain PoC', 'Binding Repo Transaction', 'German financial servic', 'Deutsche Boerse', 'keKkqaEV78']",2022-06-11,2022-06-13,Unknown
6348,Euroclear,NewsApi.org,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/notice-attend-extraordinary-general-meeting-142000289.html,Notice to Attend the Extraordinary General Meeting in Smart Eye Aktiebolag (Publ),GÖTEBORG  SE / ACCESSWIRE / June 13  2022 / Smart Eye (STO:SEYE) (OTC PINK:SMTEF) (FRA:SE9)The shareholders in Smart Eye Aktiebolag (publ)  reg. 556575-8371 ...,"GÖTEBORG  SE / ACCESSWIRE / June 13  2022 / Smart Eye (STO:SEYE) (OTC PINK:SMTEF) (FRA:SE9)The shareholders in Smart Eye Aktiebolag (publ)  reg. no. 556575-8371 (the ""Company"" or ""Smart Eye"")  with its registered office in Gothenburg  are hereby invited to the extraordinary general meeting on Wednesday 29 June 2022.NOTIFICATION  ADVANCE VOTING  ETC.Information regarding advance votingSmart Eye's extraordinary general meeting will be carried out through mandatory advance voting  so-called postal voting in accordance with the Act (2022:121) on temporary exceptions to facilitate the execution of general meetings in companies and other associations. No extraordinary general meeting with the possibility to attend in person or to be represented by a proxy will take place. Smart Eye welcomes all shareholders to exercise their voting rights at the extraordinary general meeting through advance voting as described below. Information on the resolutions passed at the extraordinary general meeting will be published on the same day as soon as the result of the advance voting has been finally confirmed.Notification for advance voting etc.Shareholders who wish to participate through advance voting at the extraordinary general meeting shall:firstly  be entered in the share register maintained by Euroclear Sweden AB no later than on Monday 20 June 2022 (for nominee-registered shares  also see "" Nominee-registered shares "" below) secondly  submit their advance vote in accordance with the instructions under ""Advance voting"" below no later than on Tuesday 28 June 2022.Information delivered upon notice to attend will be processed and used only for the extraordinary general meeting. See below for further information on processing of personal data.Nominee-registered sharesTo be entitled to participate in the extraordinary general meeting  a shareholder whose shares are held in the name of a nominee must  in addition to submitting their advance vote  register its shares in its own name so that the shareholder is recorded in the share register relating to the circumstances on Monday 20 June 2022. Such registration may be temporary (so-called voting right registration) and is requested from the nominee in accordance with the nominee's procedures and in such time in advance as the nominee determines. Voting rights registration completed by the nominee no later than Wednesday 22 June 2022 are taken into account when preparing the register of shareholders.Story continuesAdvance votingThe shareholders may exercise their voting rights at the extraordinary general meeting only by voting in advance in accordance with Section 22 of the Act (2022:121) on temporary exceptions to facilitate the execution of general meetings in companies and other associations.A special form shall be used for advance voting. The form is available on www.smarteye.se. The advance voting form is considered as the notification of attendance to the extraordinary general meeting. The completed voting form must be submitted to Smart Eye no later than Tuesday 28 June 2022.The completed and signed form shall be sent to Smart Eye Aktiebolag (publ)  Att. Anders Lyrheden  Första Långgatan 28 B  SE-413 27 Gothenburg  Sweden. A completed form may also be submitted by e-mail and is to be sent to extrastamma@smarteye.se. If the shareholder is a legal entity  a certificate of incorporation or a corresponding document shall be enclosed to the form. If the shareholder votes in advance by proxy  a power of attorney shall be enclosed to the form. The shareholder may not provide special instructions or conditions in the voting form. If so  the vote (i.e. the advance vote in its entirety) is invalid. Proxy forms for shareholders who wish to vote by mail through proxies will be available on the Company's website.Further instructions and conditions are included in the form for advance voting.PROPOSED AGENDAElection of Chairman at the meeting. Election of one or two persons to approve the minutes. Preparation and approval of the voting list. Approval of the agenda. Determination as to whether the meeting has been duly convened. Resolution to adopt a long-term incentive programme in the form of performance-based share options for employees within the Smart Eye group and resolution on a directed issue of warrants.THE BOARD OF DIRECTORS' PROPOSALS UNDER ITEMS 1  2  3 AND 6Item 1 - Election of Chairman of the meetingThe Board of Directors proposes that Anders Jöfelt is appointed Chairman at the extraordinary general meeting.Item 2 - Election of one or two persons to approve the minutesThe Board of Directors proposes that Anders Strid  attorney at Advokatfirman Vinge  be elected to approve the minutes of the extraordinary general meeting together with the Chairman.Item 3- Preparation and approval of the voting listThe voting list proposed to be approved is the voting list prepared by Smart Eye  based on the shareholders' register for the general meeting and the advance votes received  and as verified by the person elected to approve the minutes.Item 6 - Resolution to adopt a long-term incentive programme in the form of performance-based share options for employees within the Smart Eye group and resolution on a directed issue of warrantsThe Board of Directors' of Smart Eye Aktiebolag (publ) (the ""Company"" or ""Smart Eye"") proposal that the extraordinary general meeting resolve on (6A.) the adoption of a long-term incentive programme in the form of performance-based share options directed at employees within the Smart Eye group (the ""Share Option Programme 2022"")  and (6B.) directed issue of warrants (Series 2022/2025) to the wholly-owned subsidiary JN Data i Göteborg AB. The resolutions under 6A-6B below are conditional on each other and all decisions are therefore proposed to be adopted in one context.6A. Introduction of the Share Option Programme 2022Background and rationaleThe Company's Board believes that incentive programmes contribute to higher motivation and commitment among the employees and strengthen the bonds between the employees and the Company. The Smart Eye group has a global presence and an increased exposure to international labour markets  especially the US  which makes it essential for the Company to be able to offer remuneration to current and future employees in line with the market. For the purpose of enabling the Company to attract necessary competence and to engage the current employees in the Company's present and future development the Board further considers competitive compensations to be necessary. In view of these considerations  it is the Board's opinion that the Share Option Programme 2022  combined with other remuneration  will benefit both the employees and the Company's shareholders through long-term increased share value.Summary of the programmeThe Share Option Programme 2022 is proposed to comprise of the CEO  senior executives  key individuals and other employees  meaning that not more than approximately 188 employees within the Smart Eye group will be able to participate. Under the Share Option Programme 2022  participants are given the opportunity to receive shares free of charge  so called ""Performance Shares""  in accordance with the terms and conditions described below.Within the scope of the Share Option Programme 2022 the Company can grant participants rights to Performance Shares  entailing the right to  provided that certain criteria are fulfilled  receive Performance Shares free of charge (""Rights"").Terms and conditionsThe maximum number of Performance Shares will amount to 440 000  whereby 378 500 shares shall be allotted to participants and 61 500 shares shall be used by the Company to cover social security contributions associated with the programme. Vesting of Rights occurs during the period from 15 July 2022 up to and including 15 July 2025 (""Vesting Period""). Vesting of Rights will be made proportionately with one third (1/3) per year and requires that the participants' employment remains as of 15 July 2023  15 July 2024 and 15 July 2025  respectively. To be granted the maximum amount of Rights  the participant must have been employed throughout the whole Vesting Period. The Rights may not be transferred or pledged. Every Right entitles the participant to receive one Preference Share free of charge at the end of the Vesting Period (with some exceptions whereas the Vesting Period can be brought forward). If the participants' employment is terminated before a Vesting Period the participant shall retain already vested Rights  however  the Rights shall not entitle to Performance Shares prior to the end of the Vesting Period. Allotment of Performance Shares free of charge is  except for the above stated  conditional on the achievement of the performance target established by the Board of Directors. The performance target entails that the price of the Smart Eye share at the time of allotment of Performance Shares shall amount to at least 130 per cent of the average volume‑weighted price for the Smart Eye share on Nasdaq First North Growth Market during five (5) subsequent banking days in relation to the date of the resolution of the extraordinary general meeting (""Performance Criteria""). In the event that the Performance Criteria is not achieved or exceeded  no allotment of Performance Shares will occur. The Board of Directors  or a special committee set up by the Board  shall be responsible for preparing the detailed design and administration of the terms and conditions of the Share Option Programme 2022  in accordance with the presented terms and guidelines including provisions on recalculation in the event of an in‑between bonus issue  share split  rights issue and/or similar measures. In connection therewith  the Board of Directors shall be entitled to make adjustments to meet specific foreign regulations or market conditions. The Board of Directors shall also be entitled to make other adjustments if significant changes occur in the Smart Eye group or in its environment that would result in that the adopted terms for the Share Option Programme 2022 no longer fulfils their objectives. The Company shall  within three (3) months from the end of the Vesting Period  ensure that Performance Shares corresponding to the number of vested Rights are delivered to participants. The Board of Directors shall  in connection therewith  be entitled to postpone the date of delivery of Performance Shares if the participant is not allowed to acquire shares during the period.Allocation of RightsThe Share Option Programme 2022 shall comprise of not more than approximately 188 employees within the Smart Eye group. The maximum number of Rights that can be allotted free of charge per participant and category follows from the table below.Category Maximum number of Rights per person Maximum number of Rights per category CEO - category 1 15 000 15 000 Senior executives- category 2 10 000 105 000 Key individuals - category 3 5 000 200 000 Others - category 4 750 58 500Remaining Rights in a category can be used in an alternative category.Costs for the programmeThe Share Option Programme 2022 will be accounted for in accordance with K3 which means that the Rights shall be expensed as a non-cash personnel cost during the Vesting Period. The costs for the Share Option Programme 2022 are presumed to amount to approximately MSEK 14.4  excluding social security contributions  calculated in accordance with K3 on the basis of the following assumptions: (i) that 378 500 Rights are delivered to participants  (ii) that the shares average volume-weighted closing price at the beginning of the Share Option Programme 2022 amounts to SEK 70 per share  (iii) that the Performance Criteria is fully achieved  and (iv) an estimated annual employee turnover of 5 percent. Based on the same assumptions as above  and subject to social security contributions of approximately 30 per cent and a share price increase of 50 per cent from the beginning of the Share Option Programme 2022 until participants are allotted Performance Shares  the costs for social security contributions are estimated to amount to approximately MSEK 6.6. In accordance with K3 the total costs for the Share Option Programme 2022  excluding social security contributions which will be covered through hedging measures in the form of warrants  are estimated to amount to approximately MSEK 4.8 per year during the Vesting Period  based on the same assumption as above mentioned. Since the costs of social security contributions will be secured through hedging measures in the form of issuance of warrants it is assessed that the Share Option Programme 2022 will have no impact on the Company's cash flow.Effects on key ratios and dilutionUpon maximum allotment of Performance Shares and provided that hedging measures under item 6(b) below are adopted  meaning that not more than 378 500 shares will be delivered to participants in accordance with the Share Option Programme 2022  and that 61 500 shares will be used to cover any social security contributions resulting from the Share Option Programme 2022  the additional dilution effect will amount to approximately 2 per cent of the total number of shares in the Company per the day of the convening notice. If all outstanding incentive programmes are included in the calculation the total dilution effect amounts to approximately 4 per cent of the total number of shares in the Company per the day of the convening notice.Given the above assumptions regarding scope and costs  and under the assumption that the Share Option Programme 2022 had been introduced during 2021 instead  it is estimated that the key ratio operating profit for the full year 2021 would decrease from SEK -130.9 to approximately SEK ‑135.7.Preparation of the proposalThe Share Option Programme 2022 has been prepared by the Board of Directors in consultation with external advisers.Additional ongoing share-based incentive programmesInformation regarding the Company's current incentive programmes is available in the Company's Q1 report 2022 under the heading ""Share-based incentive programmes"" and the main terms and conditions of the programmes are available on the Company's website  www.smarteye.se. Apart from the programmes now mentioned  there are no other share-based incentive programmes in Smart Eye.6B. Directed issue and transfer of warrants  Series 2022/2025 in accordance with the Share Option Programme 2022Delivery of Performance Shares and hedging measuresTo be able to implement the Share Option Programme 2022 in a cost-effective and flexible manner  the Board of Directors proposes on a directed issue of warrants in accordance with the below and the terms and conditions for the Share Option Programme 2022.Directed issue of warrantsThe Board of Directors proposes that the extraordinary general meeting resolves to issue not more than 440 000 warrants  as a result of which the Company's share capital may increase by a maximum of SEK 44 000. The following conditions shall apply.Each warrant entitles the holder to subscribe for one new share in the Company. The right to subscribe for warrants shall  with deviation from the shareholders' pre-emption right  vest with the wholly-owned subsidiary JN Data i Göteborg AB with the right and obligation to dispose of the warrants in accordance with the Company's obligations under the Share Option Programme 2022. The warrants shall be issued free of charge. The subscription for warrants shall be made no later than 15 July 2022 on a special subscription list. The Board of Directors shall have the right to extend the time for subscription. The subscription of shares through warrants shall be made during a period from 15 July 2025 to and including 15 October 2025. The Board of Directors shall have the right to extend the time for subscription. The subscription price for each share at the time of exercise of the warrants shall correspond to the quota value of the share at the time of subscription of the shares. New shares pursuant to subscription entitle to dividends for the first time on the record date for dividends that occurs immediately after subscription has been effectuated. The warrants shall in all other respects be governed by the terms and conditions set forth in Appendix A.The exercise price upon exercise of warrants and the number of shares to which each warrant provides an entitlement to subscribe may be adjusted in accordance with section 8 of the terms and conditions for warrants  see Appendix A.It is further proposed that the Board of Directors  or whomever they appoint  should be authorised to undertake such minor adjustments in the decision that may be required for the registration with the Swedish Companies Registration Office and the Board of Directors shall be entitled to make such minor adjustments to the Share Option Programme 2022 as prompted by applicable foreign laws and regulations.Oversubscription cannot take place.The rationale for the deviation from the shareholders' pre-emption rights is to implement the Share Option Programme 2022 for employees within the Smart Eye group.The Board of Directors have prepared documents in accordance with Chapter 14  section 8 of the Swedish Companies Act (2005:551).Special authorisationsThe Board of Directors proposes that the extraordinary general meeting instruct the Board of Directors to implement the decisions above and to ensure that the Share Option Programme 2022 is introduced in accordance with the above mentioned.The Board further proposes that the extraordinary general meeting instruct the Board  or whomever the Board appoints  to make such minor adjustments in the abovementioned proposed resolutions that may prove necessary in connection with registration with the Swedish Companies Registration Office.MISCELLANEOUSSpecial majority requirementThe Board of Directors' proposal for resolutions in accordance with 6A - 6B above constitute a package  as the various proposals are dependent on and strongly linked to each other. Therefore  it is proposed that the extraordinary general meeting make a single resolution in connection with the abovementioned proposals  in compliance with the majority requirement specified in Chapter 16  Section 8 of the Swedish Companies Act  meaning that the resolution shall be supported by shareholders representing at least nine tenths (9/10) of both the votes cast and the shares represented at the meeting.Number of shares and votesThe number of shares and votes in Smart Eye amounts to 22 148 650 per the day for the issuance of this notice. The Company does not hold any treasury shares.DocumentsThe Board's complete proposal for resolution under item 6 and documents referred to in the Swedish Companies Act are available on the Company's website  www.smarteye.se  at the Company's premises with address Smart Eye Aktiebolag (publ)  Första Långgatan 28 B  SE-413 27 Gothenburg  Sweden and will be sent to those shareholders who so request and state their postal address or e-mail address.Information before the extraordinary general meetingThe Board of Directors and the CEO shall  if requested by a shareholder  and if the Board of Directors' believes that it can be done without material harm to the Company  provide information regarding circumstances that may affect the assessment of a matter on the agenda. A request for such information shall be made in writing to Smart Eye Aktiebolag (publ)  Första Långgatan 28 B  SE-413 27 Gothenburg  Sweden  or via e-mail to extrastamma@smarteye.se  no later than on Monday 20 June 2022. The information will be made available at the Company's premises and on www.smarteye.se on Thursday 23 June 2022 at the latest. The information will also be sent  within the same period of time  to the shareholder who has requested it and stated its address.Processing of personal dataFor information about how your personal data is processed  it is referred to the privacy notice available at Euroclear's webpage: https://www.euroclear.com/dam/ESwithLegal/Privacy-notice-bolagsstammor-engelska.pdf._____________________________Gothenburg in June 2022Smart Eye Aktiebolag (publ)The Board of DirectorsFor more information:Martin Krantz  CEO Smart Eye ABPhone: +46 70-329 26 98Email: martin.krantz@smarteye.seAnders Lyrheden  CFO Smart Eye ABPhone: +46 70-320 96 95Email: anders.lyrheden@smarteye.seAbout Smart EyeSmart Eye is the global leader in Human Insight AI  technology that understands  supports and predicts human behavior in complex environments. Bridging the gap between humans and machines for a safe and sustainable future.Today  our technology is embedded in next-generation vehicles  leading the way towards human-centric mobility through Driver Monitoring Systems and Interior Sensing solutions. Our Research Instruments offer unparalleled insights into Automotive  Aviation & Aerospace  Assistive Technology  Media & Marketing  Psychology and many more fields. Our subsidiary Affectiva is pioneering Emotion AI  connecting machine logic with human empathy to gain a deeper understanding of how consumers engage with their content  products and services  in automotive  media & entertainment  market research and beyond. Our subsidiary iMotions provides the world's leading biosensor software platform  that synchronizes data streams in real time from multiple sensors.Smart Eye was founded in 1999 and is headquartered in Sweden with offices in the US  UK  Germany  Denmark  Egypt  Singapore  China and Japan. A publicly traded company since 2016  our customers include NASA  Nissan  Boeing  Honeywell  Volvo  GM  BMW  Geely  Harvard University  over 1 300 research organizations around the world  70% of the world's largest advertisers and 28% of the Fortune Global 500 companies.Visit www.smarteye.ai for more information.Visit our investor web for more financial information: http://www.corp.smarteye.se/en/Smart Eye is listed on Nasdaq First North Growth Market. Erik Penser is Certified Adviser and can be reached at +46-8-463 8000 or certifiedadviser@penser.se.AttachmentsNotice to attend the Extraordinary General Meeting in Smart Eye Aktiebolag (Publ)SOURCE: Smart EyeView source version on accesswire.com:https://www.accesswire.com/704866/Notice-to-Attend-the-Extraordinary-General-Meeting-in-Smart-Eye-Aktiebolag-Publ",neutral,0.02,0.96,0.02,mixed,0.28,0.2,0.52,True,English,"['Extraordinary General Meeting', 'Smart Eye Aktiebolag', 'Notice', 'Publ', 'Första Långgatan', 'long-term incentive programme', 'Att. Anders Lyrheden', 'Anders Jöfelt', 'extraordinary general meeting', 'performance-based share options', 'Euroclear Sweden AB', 'voting right registration', 'Smart Eye Aktiebolag', 'Smart Eye group', 'Voting rights registration', 'mandatory advance voting', 'advance voting form', 'general meetings', 'Such registration', 'Anders Strid', 'postal voting', 'voting list', 'share register', 'GÖTEBORG', 'OTC PINK', 'temporary exceptions', 'other associations', 'same day', 'personal data', 'legal entity', 'corresponding document', 'two persons', 'Advokatfirman Vinge', 'advance votes', 'Monday 20 June', 'Tuesday 28 June', 'special instructions', 'Further instructions', 'nominee-registered shares', 'special form', 'completed form', 'PROPOSED AGENDA', 'Proxy forms', ""DIRECTORS' PROPOSALS"", 'Wednesday 22 June', ""shareholders' register"", 'The Board', '29 June', 'ACCESSWIRE', 'SEYE', 'SMTEF', 'FRA', 'publ', 'Company', 'office', 'Gothenburg', 'NOTIFICATION', 'ETC', 'Information', 'accordance', 'Act', 'execution', 'companies', 'possibility', 'place', 'resolutions', 'result', 'notice', 'processing', 'name', 'addition', 'circumstances', 'procedures', 'time', 'account', 'Story', 'Section', 'smarteye', 'attendance', 'mail', 'extrastamma', 'certificate', 'incorporation', 'power', 'attorney', 'conditions', 'entirety', 'proxies', 'website', 'Election', 'Chairman', 'one', 'minutes', 'Preparation', 'approval', 'Determination', 'employees', 'issue', 'warrants', 'ITEMS']",2022-06-13,2022-06-13,finance.yahoo.com
6349,Euroclear,Google API,https://uk.finance.yahoo.com/news/shell-plc-first-quarter-2022-083600678.html,Shell Plc First Quarter 2022 Euro and GBP Equivalent Dividend Payments,12 hours ago,June 13  2022The Board of Shell plc (“Shell”) today announced the pounds sterling and euro equivalent dividend payments in respect of the first quarter 2022 interim dividend  which was announced on May 5  2022 at US$0.25 per ordinary share.Shareholders have been able to elect to receive their dividends in US dollars  euros or pounds sterling. Holders of ordinary shares who have validly submitted US dollars  euros or pounds sterling currency elections by June 7  2022 will be entitled to a dividend of US$0.25  €0.2346 or 20.01p per ordinary share  respectively.Absent any valid election to the contrary  persons holding their ordinary shares through Euroclear Nederland will receive their dividends in euros at the euro rate per ordinary share shown above. Absent any valid election to the contrary  shareholders (both holding in certificated and uncertificated form (CREST members)) and persons holding their shares through the Shell Corporate Nominee will receive their dividends in pounds sterling  at the pound sterling rate per ordinary share shown above.Euro and pounds sterling dividends payable in cash have been converted from US dollars based on an average of market exchange rates over the three dealing days from June 8 to June 10  2022.This dividend will be payable on June 27  2022 to those members whose names were on the Register of Members on May 20  2022.Taxation - cash dividendWith Shell’s tax residence moved to the UK  dividends paid to shareholders on their ordinary shares will not attract Dutch dividend withholding tax. This means that holders of the former A shares receive their dividends in full as Dutch dividend withholding tax is no longer withheld on these dividends. Holders of the former B shares receive their dividends directly from Shell as these dividends will no longer be paid through the Dividend Access Mechanism.If you are uncertain as to the tax treatment of any dividends you should consult your tax advisor.Story continuesNoteA different currency election date may apply to shareholders holding shares in a securities account with a bank or financial institution ultimately holding through Euroclear Nederland. This may also apply to other shareholders who do not hold their shares either directly on the Register of Members or in the corporate sponsored nominee arrangement. Shareholders can contact their broker  financial intermediary  bank or financial institution for the election deadline that applies.EnquiriesShell Media RelationsInternational +44 (0) 207 934 5550Americas +1 832 337 4355CAUTIONARY NOTEThe companies in which Shell plc directly and indirectly owns investments are separate legal entities. In this announcement “Shell”  “Shell Group” and “Group” are sometimes used for convenience where references are made to Shell plc and its subsidiaries in general. Likewise  the words “we”  “us” and “our” are also used to refer to Shell plc and its subsidiaries in general or to those who work for them. These terms are also used where no useful purpose is served by identifying the particular entity or entities. ‘‘Subsidiaries’’  “Shell subsidiaries” and “Shell companies” as used in this announcement refer to entities over which Shell plc either directly or indirectly has control. Entities and unincorporated arrangements over which Shell has joint control are generally referred to as “joint ventures” and “joint operations”  respectively. “Joint ventures” and “joint operations” are collectively referred to as “joint arrangements”. Entities over which Shell has significant influence but neither control nor joint control are referred to as “associates”. The term “Shell interest” is used for convenience to indicate the direct and/or indirect ownership interest held by Shell in an entity or unincorporated joint arrangement  after exclusion of all third-party interest.Forward-Looking StatementsThis announcement contains forward-looking statements (within the meaning of the U.S. Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995) concerning the financial condition  results of operations and businesses of Shell. All statements other than statements of historical fact are  or may be deemed to be  forward-looking statements. Forward-looking statements are statements of future expectations that are based on management’s current expectations and assumptions and involve known and unknown risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results  performance or events to differ materially from those expressed or implied in these statements. Forward-looking statements include  among other things  statements concerning the potential exposure of Shell to market risks and statements expressing management’s expectations  beliefs  estimates  forecasts  projections and assumptions. These forward-looking statements are identified by their use of terms and phrases such as “aim”  “ambition”  ‘‘anticipate’’  ‘‘believe’’  ‘‘could’’  ‘‘estimate’’  ‘‘expect’’  ‘‘goals’’  ‘‘intend’’  ‘‘may’’  “milestones”  ‘‘objectives’’  ‘‘outlook’’  ‘‘plan’’  ‘‘probably’’  ‘‘project’’  ‘‘risks’’  “schedule”  ‘‘seek’’  ‘‘should’’  ‘‘target’’  ‘‘will’’ and similar terms and phrases. There are a number of factors that could affect the future operations of Shell and could cause those results to differ materially from those expressed in the forward-looking statements included in this announcement  including (without limitation): (a) price fluctuations in crude oil and natural gas; (b) changes in demand for Shell’s products; (c) currency fluctuations; (d) drilling and production results; (e) reserves estimates; (f) loss of market share and industry competition; (g) environmental and physical risks; (h) risks associated with the identification of suitable potential acquisition properties and targets  and successful negotiation and completion of such transactions; (i) the risk of doing business in developing countries and countries subject to international sanctions; (j) legislative  judicial  fiscal and regulatory developments including regulatory measures addressing climate change; (k) economic and financial market conditions in various countries and regions; (l) political risks  including the risks of expropriation and renegotiation of the terms of contracts with governmental entities  delays or advancements in the approval of projects and delays in the reimbursement for shared costs; (m) risks associated with the impact of pandemics  such as the COVID-19 (coronavirus) outbreak; and (n) changes in trading conditions. No assurance is provided that future dividend payments will match or exceed previous dividend payments. All forward-looking statements contained in this announcement are expressly qualified in their entirety by the cautionary statements contained or referred to in this section. Readers should not place undue reliance on forward-looking statements. Additional risk factors that may affect future results are contained in Shell plc’s Form 20-F for the year ended December 31  2021 (available at www.shell.com/investor and www.sec.gov). These risk factors also expressly qualify all forward-looking statements contained in this announcement and should be considered by the reader. Each forward-looking statement speaks only as of the date of this announcement  June 13  2022. Neither Shell plc nor any of its subsidiaries undertake any obligation to publicly update or revise any forward-looking statement as a result of new information  future events or other information. In light of these risks  results could differ materially from those stated  implied or inferred from the forward-looking statements contained in this announcement.Shell’s net carbon footprintAlso  in this announcement we may refer to Shell’s “Net Carbon Footprint” or “Net Carbon Intensity”  which include Shell’s carbon emissions from the production of our energy products  our suppliers’ carbon emissions in supplying energy for that production and our customers’ carbon emissions associated with their use of the energy products we sell. Shell only controls its own emissions. The use of the term Shell’s “Net Carbon Footprint” or “Net Carbon Intensity” are for convenience only and not intended to suggest these emissions are those of Shell plc or its subsidiaries.Shell’s net-Zero Emissions TargetShell’s operating plan  outlook and budgets are forecasted for a ten-year period and are updated every year. They reflect the current economic environment and what we can reasonably expect to see over the next ten years. Accordingly  they reflect our Scope 1  Scope 2 and Net Carbon Footprint (NCF) targets over the next ten years. However  Shell’s operating plans cannot reflect our 2050 net-zero emissions target and 2035 NCF target  as these targets are currently outside our planning period. In the future  as society moves towards net-zero emissions  we expect Shell’s operating plans to reflect this movement. However  if society is not net zero in 2050  as of today  there would be significant risk that Shell may not meet this target.Forward Looking Non-GAAP measuresThis announcement may contain certain forward-looking non-GAAP measures such as cash capital expenditure and divestments. We are unable to provide a reconciliation of these forward-looking Non-GAAP measures to the most comparable GAAP financial measures because certain information needed to reconcile those Non-GAAP measures to the most comparable GAAP financial measures is dependent on future events some of which are outside the control of Shell  such as oil and gas prices  interest rates and exchange rates. Moreover  estimating such GAAP measures with the required precision necessary to provide a meaningful reconciliation is extremely difficult and could not be accomplished without unreasonable effort. Non-GAAP measures in respect of future periods which cannot be reconciled to the most comparable GAAP financial measure are calculated in a manner which is consistent with the accounting policies applied in Shell plc’s consolidated financial statements.The contents of websites referred to in this announcement do not form part of this announcement.We may have used certain terms  such as resources  in this announcement that the United States Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC) strictly prohibits us from including in our filings with the SEC. Investors are urged to consider closely the disclosure in our Form 20-F  File No 1-32575  available on the SEC website www.sec. gov .LEI number of Shell plc: 21380068P1DRHMJ8KU70Classification: Additional regulated information required to be disclosed under the laws of a Member State,neutral,0.01,0.98,0.02,mixed,0.21,0.25,0.54,True,English,"['Shell Plc First Quarter', 'GBP Equivalent Dividend Payments', 'U.S. Private Securities Litigation Reform Act', 'Enquiries Shell Media Relations International', 'first quarter 2022 interim dividend', 'different currency election date', 'Dutch dividend withholding tax', 'euro equivalent dividend payments', 'sterling currency elections', 'three dealing days', 'Dividend Access Mechanism', 'market exchange rates', 'indirect ownership interest', 'pound sterling rate', 'former A shares', 'former B shares', 'separate legal entities', 'unincorporated joint arrangement', 'securities account', 'Shell Corporate Nominee', 'pounds sterling dividends', 'nominee arrangement', 'euro rate', 'tax residence', 'tax treatment', 'tax advisor', 'valid election', 'election deadline', 'unincorporated arrangements', 'cash dividend', 'third-party interest', 'market risks', 'joint ventures', 'joint arrangements', 'Shell interest', 'The Board', 'ordinary share', 'US dollars', 'Euroclear Nederland', 'uncertificated form', 'financial institution', 'financial intermediary', 'useful purpose', 'significant influence', 'financial condition', 'historical fact', 'other things', 'potential exposure', 'joint operations', 'Shell plc', 'future expectations', 'current expectations', 'unknown risks', 'joint control', 'CAUTIONARY NOTE', 'particular entity', 'Forward-Looking Statements', 'actual results', 'CREST members', 'Shell Group', 'Shell companies', 'other shareholders', 'Shell subsidiaries', 'June', 'respect', 'May', 'euros', 'contrary', 'persons', 'average', 'names', 'Register', 'Taxation', 'UK', 'Story', 'bank', 'broker', 'Americas', 'investments', 'announcement', 'convenience', 'references', 'words', 'terms', 'associates', 'exclusion', 'meaning', 'businesses', 'management', 'assumptions', 'uncertainties', 'performance', 'events', 'beliefs', 'estimates', 'forecasts', 'projections', 'phrases', 'aim', 'ambition', 'goals', 'milestones', 'objectives', 'outlook', 'plan']",2022-06-13,2022-06-13,uk.finance.yahoo.com
6350,Euroclear,Google API,https://www.streetinsider.com/Globe+Newswire/The+preliminary+result+of+QPR+Software+Plc%E2%80%99s+oversubscribed+rights+offering/20206004.html,The preliminary result of QPR Software Plc’s oversubscribed rights offering,6 hours ago,QPR SOFTWARE PLC STOCK EXCHANGE RELEASE 13 JUNE 2022 AT 5 P.M.NOT FOR RELEASE  PUBLICATION OR DISTRIBUTION  IN WHOLE OR IN PART  DIRECTLY OR INDIRECTLY  IN OR INTO THE UNITED STATES  CANADA  AUSTRALIA  HONG KONG  SOUTH AFRICA  SINGAPORE  JAPAN  NEW ZEALAND OR ANY OTHER JURISDICTION IN WHICH THE RELEASE  PUBLICATION OR DISTRIBUTION WOULD BE UNLAWFUL.The subscription period of QPR Software Plc’s (the “Company”) rights offering (the “Offering”) ended on 10 June 2022 at 4:30 p.m. According to the preliminary result of the Offering  a total of 4 221 457 new shares in the Company were subscribed for in the Offering  which corresponds to 105.3 per cent of the 4 010 458 new shares offered in the Offering. Consequently  the Offering was oversubscribed. In the Offering  a total of 2 951 459 new shares were subscribed for with subscription rights corresponding to approximately 73.6 per cent of all the shares offered  and a total of 1 269 998 new shares were subscribed for without subscription rights. The subscription price was EUR 0.86 per new share. According to the preliminary result  the Offering will generate for the Company gross proceeds of approximately EUR 3.45 million and  after the fees and expenses related to the Offering  net proceeds of approximately EUR 3.0 million.The Company will publish the final result of the Offering after the Board of Directors of the Company has decided on the approval of the subscriptions made in the Offering on or about 15 June 2022. The Board of Directors will decide on the approval of the subscriptions according to the terms and conditions of the Offering  including without limitation the allocation principles set out therein. The number of shares in the Company can increase by a maximum of 4 010 458 shares from the current 12 444 863 to 16 455 321 shares.The new shares whose subscriptions have been approved will be registered with the trade register maintained by the Finnish Patent and Registration Office on or about 17 June 2022. The last day of trading in the interim shares on the official list of Nasdaq Helsinki Ltd (the “Helsinki Stock Exchange”) is on or about 17 June 2022. The interim shares will be combined with the Company’s existing shares on or about 20 June 2022. Trading in the new shares on the official list of Helsinki Stock Exchange will commence on or about 20 June 2022.The new shares carry equal rights to dividends and other distributions of funds possibly carried out by the Company as well as other shareholder rights in the Company after the shares have been registered with the trade register and entered into the Company’s shareholder register maintained by Euroclear Finland Oy on or about 17 June 2022.The lead manager of the Offering is Evli Plc. The legal adviser to the Company is Castrén & Snellman Attorneys Ltd. The communications adviser to the Company is Viestintätoimisto Bravura Oy.Further information:QPR SOFTWARE PLCJussi VasamaCEOTel. +358 50 380 9893QPR Software Plc (Nasdaq Helsinki) provides process mining  performance management and enterprise architecture solutions for digital transformation  strategy execution  and business process improvement in over 50 countries. QPR software allows customers to gain valuable insights for informed decisions that make a difference.Dare to improve. www.qpr.comDISTRIBUTIONNasdaq HelsinkiPrincipal mediawww.qpr.comIMPORTANT INFORMATIONThis release is not an offer for sale of securities in the United States. Securities may not be sold in the United States absent registration with the United States Securities and Exchange Commission or an exemption from registration under the U.S. Securities Act of 1933  as amended. The Company does not intend to register any part of the Offering in the United States or to conduct a public offering of securities in the United States.The distribution of this release may be restricted by law  and persons into whose possession any document or other information referred to herein comes should inform themselves about and observe any such restrictions. The information contained herein is not for publication or distribution  directly or indirectly  in or into the United States  Canada  Australia  Hong Kong  South Africa  Singapore  Japan or New Zealand. Any failure to comply with these restrictions may constitute a violation of the securities laws of any such jurisdiction. This release is not directed to  and is not intended for distribution to or use by  any person or entity that is a citizen or resident or located in any locality  state  country or other jurisdiction where such distribution  publication  availability or use would be contrary to law or regulation or which would require any registration or licensing within such jurisdiction.In any EEA Member State  other than Finland  this release is only addressed to and is only directed at qualified investors in that Member State within the meaning of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 (the “Prospectus Regulation”).This release is only being distributed to and is only directed at (i) persons who are outside the United Kingdom or (ii) investment professionals falling within Article 19(5) of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 (Financial Promotion) Order 2005 (the “Order”) or (iii) high net worth companies and other persons to whom it may lawfully be communicated  falling within Article 49(2)(a) to (d) of the Order (all such persons together being referred to as “Relevant Persons”). Any securities mentioned herein are only available to  and any invitation  offer or agreement to subscribe for  purchase or otherwise acquire such securities will be engaged in only with  Relevant Persons. Any person who is not a Relevant Person should not act or rely on this release or any of its contents.This release does not constitute a prospectus as defined in the Prospectus Regulation and  as such  does not constitute or form part of  and should not be construed as  an offer to sell  or a solicitation or invitation of any offer to buy  acquire or subscribe for  any securities or an inducement to enter into investment activity.No part of this release  nor the fact of its distribution  should form the basis of  or be relied on in connection with  any contract or commitment or investment decision whatsoever. The information contained in this release has not been independently verified. No representation  warranty or undertaking  expressed or implied  is made as to  and no reliance should be placed on  the fairness  accuracy  completeness or correctness of the information or the opinions contained herein. The Company or any of its respective affiliates  advisors or representatives or any other person  shall have no liability whatsoever (in negligence or otherwise) for any loss however arising from any use of this release or its contents or otherwise arising in connection with this release. Each person must rely on their own examination and analysis of the Company  its subsidiaries  its securities and the transactions  including the merits and risks involved.The Lead Manager is acting exclusively for the Company and no one else in connection with the potential Offering. It will not regard any other person as its respective client in relation to the Offering. The Lead Manager will not be responsible to anyone other than the Company for providing the protections afforded to its respective clients nor for giving advice in relation to the Offering or any transactions or arrangements referred to herein.This release includes “forward-looking statements”. Such statements are not necessarily based on historical facts  but they are statements concerning future expectations. When used in this release  the words “aims ” “anticipates ” “assumes ” “believes ” “could ” “estimates ” “expects ” “intends ” “may ” “plans ” “should ” “will ” “would” and similar expressions as they relate to the Company and the Offering identify certain of these forward-looking statements. Other forward-looking statements can be identified from the context in which such statements have been made. These forward-looking statements are based on present plans  estimates  projections and expectations and are not guarantees of future performance. They are based on certain expectations  which  even though they seem to be reasonable at present  may turn out to be incorrect. Such forward-looking statements are based on assumptions and are subject to various risks and uncertainties. Readers should not rely on these forward-looking statements. Numerous factors may cause the actual results of operations or financial position of the Company to differ materially from those expressed or implied in the forward-looking statements. The Company or any of its affiliates  advisors or representatives or any other person undertakes no obligation to review or confirm or to release publicly any revisions to any forward-looking statements to reflect events that occur or circumstances that arise after the date of this release.,negative,0.03,0.3,0.68,mixed,0.28,0.09,0.63,True,English,"['QPR Software Plc', 'preliminary result', 'rights offering', 'QPR SOFTWARE PLC STOCK EXCHANGE RELEASE', 'Viestintätoimisto Bravura Oy.', 'U.S. Securities Act', 'Helsinki Stock Exchange', 'Snellman Attorneys Ltd', 'Jussi Vasama CEO', 'enterprise architecture solutions', 'Euroclear Finland Oy', 'business process improvement', 'Nasdaq Helsinki Ltd', 'EEA Member State', 'other shareholder rights', 'United States Securities', 'Exchange Commission', 'Evli Plc.', 'shareholder register', 'process mining', 'subscription rights', 'equal rights', 'other distributions', 'HONG KONG', 'SOUTH AFRICA', 'NEW ZEALAND', 'subscription period', 'preliminary result', '105.3 per cent', '73.6 per cent', 'subscription price', 'new share', 'gross proceeds', 'net proceeds', 'final result', 'allocation principles', 'trade register', 'Finnish Patent', 'last day', 'official list', 'lead manager', 'legal adviser', 'Castrén', 'communications adviser', 'performance management', 'digital transformation', 'strategy execution', 'valuable insights', 'informed decisions', 'Principal media', 'securities laws', 'qualified investors', 'other information', 'Further information', 'IMPORTANT INFORMATION', 'OTHER JURISDICTION', 'interim shares', 'existing shares', 'rights offering', 'Prospectus Regulation', 'Registration Office', 'public offering', 'The Company', '4,010,458 shares', '16,455,321 shares', 'JUNE', '5 P', 'PUBLICATION', 'WHOLE', 'PART', 'CANADA', 'AUSTRALIA', 'SINGAPORE', 'JAPAN', 'total', 'fees', 'expenses', 'Board', 'Directors', 'approval', 'subscriptions', 'terms', 'conditions', 'limitation', 'number', 'maximum', 'current 12', 'Trading', 'dividends', 'funds', 'Tel.', '50 countries', 'customers', 'difference', 'Dare', 'sale', 'exemption', 'persons', 'possession', 'document', 'restrictions', 'failure', 'violation', 'entity', 'citizen', 'resident', 'locality', 'country', 'availability', 'use', 'licensing', 'meaning', '4:30']",2022-06-13,2022-06-13,streetinsider.com
6351,Euroclear,Google API,https://www.digitaljournal.com/pr/notice-to-attend-the-extraordinary-general-meeting-in-smart-eye-aktiebolag-publ-2,Notice to Attend the Extraordinary General Meeting in Smart Eye Aktiebolag (Publ),6 hours ago,GÖTEBORG  SE / ACCESSWIRE / June 13  2022 / Smart Eye (STO:SEYE) (OTC PINK:SMTEF) (FRA:SE9)The shareholders in Smart Eye Aktiebolag (publ)  reg. no. 556575-8371 (the “Company” or “Smart Eye”)  with its registered office in Gothenburg  are hereby invited to the extraordinary general meeting on Wednesday 29 June 2022.NOTIFICATION  ADVANCE VOTING  ETC.Information regarding advance votingSmart Eye’s extraordinary general meeting will be carried out through mandatory advance voting  so-called postal voting in accordance with the Act (2022:121) on temporary exceptions to facilitate the execution of general meetings in companies and other associations. No extraordinary general meeting with the possibility to attend in person or to be represented by a proxy will take place. Smart Eye welcomes all shareholders to exercise their voting rights at the extraordinary general meeting through advance voting as described below. Information on the resolutions passed at the extraordinary general meeting will be published on the same day as soon as the result of the advance voting has been finally confirmed.Notification for advance voting etc.Shareholders who wish to participate through advance voting at the extraordinary general meeting shall:firstly  be entered in the share register maintained by Euroclear Sweden AB no later than on Monday 20 June 2022 (for nominee-registered shares  also see “ Nominee-registered shares ” below) be entered in the share register maintained by Euroclear Sweden AB no later than on Monday 20 June 2022 (for nominee-registered shares  also see “ ” below)  secondly  submit their advance vote in accordance with the instructions under “Advance voting” below no later than on Tuesday 28 June 2022.Information delivered upon notice to attend will be processed and used only for the extraordinary general meeting. See below for further information on processing of personal data.Nominee-registered sharesTo be entitled to participate in the extraordinary general meeting  a shareholder whose shares are held in the name of a nominee must  in addition to submitting their advance vote  register its shares in its own name so that the shareholder is recorded in the share register relating to the circumstances on Monday 20 June 2022. Such registration may be temporary (so-called voting right registration) and is requested from the nominee in accordance with the nominee’s procedures and in such time in advance as the nominee determines. Voting rights registration completed by the nominee no later than Wednesday 22 June 2022 are taken into account when preparing the register of shareholders.Advance votingThe shareholders may exercise their voting rights at the extraordinary general meeting only by voting in advance in accordance with Section 22 of the Act (2022:121) on temporary exceptions to facilitate the execution of general meetings in companies and other associations.A special form shall be used for advance voting. The form is available on www.smarteye.se. The advance voting form is considered as the notification of attendance to the extraordinary general meeting. The completed voting form must be submitted to Smart Eye no later than Tuesday 28 June 2022.The completed and signed form shall be sent to Smart Eye Aktiebolag (publ)  Att. Anders Lyrheden  Första Långgatan 28 B  SE-413 27 Gothenburg  Sweden. A completed form may also be submitted by e-mail and is to be sent to [email protected]. If the shareholder is a legal entity  a certificate of incorporation or a corresponding document shall be enclosed to the form. If the shareholder votes in advance by proxy  a power of attorney shall be enclosed to the form. The shareholder may not provide special instructions or conditions in the voting form. If so  the vote (i.e. the advance vote in its entirety) is invalid. Proxy forms for shareholders who wish to vote by mail through proxies will be available on the Company’s website.Further instructions and conditions are included in the form for advance voting.PROPOSED AGENDAElection of Chairman at the meeting. Election of one or two persons to approve the minutes. Preparation and approval of the voting list. Approval of the agenda. Determination as to whether the meeting has been duly convened. Resolution to adopt a long-term incentive programme in the form of performance-based share options for employees within the Smart Eye group and resolution on a directed issue of warrants.THE BOARD OF DIRECTORS’ PROPOSALS UNDER ITEMS 1  2  3 AND 6Item 1 – Election of Chairman of the meetingThe Board of Directors proposes that Anders Jöfelt is appointed Chairman at the extraordinary general meeting.Item 2 – Election of one or two persons to approve the minutesThe Board of Directors proposes that Anders Strid  attorney at Advokatfirman Vinge  be elected to approve the minutes of the extraordinary general meeting together with the Chairman.Item 3- Preparation and approval of the voting listThe voting list proposed to be approved is the voting list prepared by Smart Eye  based on the shareholders’ register for the general meeting and the advance votes received  and as verified by the person elected to approve the minutes.Item 6 – Resolution to adopt a long-term incentive programme in the form of performance-based share options for employees within the Smart Eye group and resolution on a directed issue of warrantsThe Board of Directors’ of Smart Eye Aktiebolag (publ) (the “Company” or “Smart Eye“) proposal that the extraordinary general meeting resolve on (6A.) the adoption of a long-term incentive programme in the form of performance-based share options directed at employees within the Smart Eye group (the “Share Option Programme 2022“)  and (6B.) directed issue of warrants (Series 2022/2025) to the wholly-owned subsidiary JN Data i Göteborg AB. The resolutions under 6A-6B below are conditional on each other and all decisions are therefore proposed to be adopted in one context.6A. Introduction of the Share Option Programme 2022Background and rationaleThe Company’s Board believes that incentive programmes contribute to higher motivation and commitment among the employees and strengthen the bonds between the employees and the Company. The Smart Eye group has a global presence and an increased exposure to international labour markets  especially the US  which makes it essential for the Company to be able to offer remuneration to current and future employees in line with the market. For the purpose of enabling the Company to attract necessary competence and to engage the current employees in the Company’s present and future development the Board further considers competitive compensations to be necessary. In view of these considerations  it is the Board’s opinion that the Share Option Programme 2022  combined with other remuneration  will benefit both the employees and the Company’s shareholders through long-term increased share value.Summary of the programmeThe Share Option Programme 2022 is proposed to comprise of the CEO  senior executives  key individuals and other employees  meaning that not more than approximately 188 employees within the Smart Eye group will be able to participate. Under the Share Option Programme 2022  participants are given the opportunity to receive shares free of charge  so called “Performance Shares“  in accordance with the terms and conditions described below.Within the scope of the Share Option Programme 2022 the Company can grant participants rights to Performance Shares  entailing the right to  provided that certain criteria are fulfilled  receive Performance Shares free of charge (“Rights“).Terms and conditionsThe maximum number of Performance Shares will amount to 440 000  whereby 378 500 shares shall be allotted to participants and 61 500 shares shall be used by the Company to cover social security contributions associated with the programme. Vesting of Rights occurs during the period from 15 July 2022 up to and including 15 July 2025 (“Vesting Period“). Vesting of Rights will be made proportionately with one third (1/3) per year and requires that the participants’ employment remains as of 15 July 2023  15 July 2024 and 15 July 2025  respectively. To be granted the maximum amount of Rights  the participant must have been employed throughout the whole Vesting Period. The Rights may not be transferred or pledged. Every Right entitles the participant to receive one Preference Share free of charge at the end of the Vesting Period (with some exceptions whereas the Vesting Period can be brought forward). If the participants’ employment is terminated before a Vesting Period the participant shall retain already vested Rights  however  the Rights shall not entitle to Performance Shares prior to the end of the Vesting Period. Allotment of Performance Shares free of charge is  except for the above stated  conditional on the achievement of the performance target established by the Board of Directors. The performance target entails that the price of the Smart Eye share at the time of allotment of Performance Shares shall amount to at least 130 per cent of the average volume‑weighted price for the Smart Eye share on Nasdaq First North Growth Market during five (5) subsequent banking days in relation to the date of the resolution of the extraordinary general meeting (“Performance Criteria“). In the event that the Performance Criteria is not achieved or exceeded  no allotment of Performance Shares will occur. The Board of Directors  or a special committee set up by the Board  shall be responsible for preparing the detailed design and administration of the terms and conditions of the Share Option Programme 2022  in accordance with the presented terms and guidelines including provisions on recalculation in the event of an in‑between bonus issue  share split  rights issue and/or similar measures. In connection therewith  the Board of Directors shall be entitled to make adjustments to meet specific foreign regulations or market conditions. The Board of Directors shall also be entitled to make other adjustments if significant changes occur in the Smart Eye group or in its environment that would result in that the adopted terms for the Share Option Programme 2022 no longer fulfils their objectives. The Company shall  within three (3) months from the end of the Vesting Period  ensure that Performance Shares corresponding to the number of vested Rights are delivered to participants. The Board of Directors shall  in connection therewith  be entitled to postpone the date of delivery of Performance Shares if the participant is not allowed to acquire shares during the period.Allocation of RightsThe Share Option Programme 2022 shall comprise of not more than approximately 188 employees within the Smart Eye group. The maximum number of Rights that can be allotted free of charge per participant and category follows from the table below.Category Maximum number of Rights per person Maximum number of Rights per category CEO – category 1 15 000 15 000 Senior executives- category 2 10 000 105 000 Key individuals – category 3 5 000 200 000 Others – category 4 750 58 500Remaining Rights in a category can be used in an alternative category.Costs for the programmeThe Share Option Programme 2022 will be accounted for in accordance with K3 which means that the Rights shall be expensed as a non-cash personnel cost during the Vesting Period. The costs for the Share Option Programme 2022 are presumed to amount to approximately MSEK 14.4  excluding social security contributions  calculated in accordance with K3 on the basis of the following assumptions: (i) that 378 500 Rights are delivered to participants  (ii) that the shares average volume-weighted closing price at the beginning of the Share Option Programme 2022 amounts to SEK 70 per share  (iii) that the Performance Criteria is fully achieved  and (iv) an estimated annual employee turnover of 5 percent. Based on the same assumptions as above  and subject to social security contributions of approximately 30 per cent and a share price increase of 50 per cent from the beginning of the Share Option Programme 2022 until participants are allotted Performance Shares  the costs for social security contributions are estimated to amount to approximately MSEK 6.6. In accordance with K3 the total costs for the Share Option Programme 2022  excluding social security contributions which will be covered through hedging measures in the form of warrants  are estimated to amount to approximately MSEK 4.8 per year during the Vesting Period  based on the same assumption as above mentioned. Since the costs of social security contributions will be secured through hedging measures in the form of issuance of warrants it is assessed that the Share Option Programme 2022 will have no impact on the Company’s cash flow.Effects on key ratios and dilutionUpon maximum allotment of Performance Shares and provided that hedging measures under item 6(b) below are adopted  meaning that not more than 378 500 shares will be delivered to participants in accordance with the Share Option Programme 2022  and that 61 500 shares will be used to cover any social security contributions resulting from the Share Option Programme 2022  the additional dilution effect will amount to approximately 2 per cent of the total number of shares in the Company per the day of the convening notice. If all outstanding incentive programmes are included in the calculation the total dilution effect amounts to approximately 4 per cent of the total number of shares in the Company per the day of the convening notice.Given the above assumptions regarding scope and costs  and under the assumption that the Share Option Programme 2022 had been introduced during 2021 instead  it is estimated that the key ratio operating profit for the full year 2021 would decrease from SEK -130.9 to approximately SEK ‑135.7.Preparation of the proposalThe Share Option Programme 2022 has been prepared by the Board of Directors in consultation with external advisers.Additional ongoing share-based incentive programmesInformation regarding the Company’s current incentive programmes is available in the Company’s Q1 report 2022 under the heading “Share-based incentive programmes” and the main terms and conditions of the programmes are available on the Company’s website  www.smarteye.se. Apart from the programmes now mentioned  there are no other share-based incentive programmes in Smart Eye.6B. Directed issue and transfer of warrants  Series 2022/2025 in accordance with the Share Option Programme 2022Delivery of Performance Shares and hedging measuresTo be able to implement the Share Option Programme 2022 in a cost-effective and flexible manner  the Board of Directors proposes on a directed issue of warrants in accordance with the below and the terms and conditions for the Share Option Programme 2022.Directed issue of warrantsThe Board of Directors proposes that the extraordinary general meeting resolves to issue not more than 440 000 warrants  as a result of which the Company’s share capital may increase by a maximum of SEK 44 000. The following conditions shall apply.Each warrant entitles the holder to subscribe for one new share in the Company. The right to subscribe for warrants shall  with deviation from the shareholders’ pre-emption right  vest with the wholly-owned subsidiary JN Data i Göteborg AB with the right and obligation to dispose of the warrants in accordance with the Company’s obligations under the Share Option Programme 2022. The warrants shall be issued free of charge. The subscription for warrants shall be made no later than 15 July 2022 on a special subscription list. The Board of Directors shall have the right to extend the time for subscription. The subscription of shares through warrants shall be made during a period from 15 July 2025 to and including 15 October 2025. The Board of Directors shall have the right to extend the time for subscription. The subscription price for each share at the time of exercise of the warrants shall correspond to the quota value of the share at the time of subscription of the shares. New shares pursuant to subscription entitle to dividends for the first time on the record date for dividends that occurs immediately after subscription has been effectuated. The warrants shall in all other respects be governed by the terms and conditions set forth in Appendix A.The exercise price upon exercise of warrants and the number of shares to which each warrant provides an entitlement to subscribe may be adjusted in accordance with section 8 of the terms and conditions for warrants  see Appendix A.It is further proposed that the Board of Directors  or whomever they appoint  should be authorised to undertake such minor adjustments in the decision that may be required for the registration with the Swedish Companies Registration Office and the Board of Directors shall be entitled to make such minor adjustments to the Share Option Programme 2022 as prompted by applicable foreign laws and regulations.Oversubscription cannot take place.The rationale for the deviation from the shareholders’ pre-emption rights is to implement the Share Option Programme 2022 for employees within the Smart Eye group.The Board of Directors have prepared documents in accordance with Chapter 14  section 8 of the Swedish Companies Act (2005:551).Special authorisationsThe Board of Directors proposes that the extraordinary general meeting instruct the Board of Directors to implement the decisions above and to ensure that the Share Option Programme 2022 is introduced in accordance with the above mentioned.The Board further proposes that the extraordinary general meeting instruct the Board  or whomever the Board appoints  to make such minor adjustments in the abovementioned proposed resolutions that may prove necessary in connection with registration with the Swedish Companies Registration Office.MISCELLANEOUSSpecial majority requirementThe Board of Directors’ proposal for resolutions in accordance with 6A – 6B above constitute a package  as the various proposals are dependent on and strongly linked to each other. Therefore  it is proposed that the extraordinary general meeting make a single resolution in connection with the abovementioned proposals  in compliance with the majority requirement specified in Chapter 16  Section 8 of the Swedish Companies Act  meaning that the resolution shall be supported by shareholders representing at least nine tenths (9/10) of both the votes cast and the shares represented at the meeting.Number of shares and votesThe number of shares and votes in Smart Eye amounts to 22 148 650 per the day for the issuance of this notice. The Company does not hold any treasury shares.DocumentsThe Board’s complete proposal for resolution under item 6 and documents referred to in the Swedish Companies Act are available on the Company’s website  www.smarteye.se  at the Company’s premises with address Smart Eye Aktiebolag (publ)  Första Långgatan 28 B  SE-413 27 Gothenburg  Sweden and will be sent to those shareholders who so request and state their postal address or e-mail address.Information before the extraordinary general meetingThe Board of Directors and the CEO shall  if requested by a shareholder  and if the Board of Directors’ believes that it can be done without material harm to the Company  provide information regarding circumstances that may affect the assessment of a matter on the agenda. A request for such information shall be made in writing to Smart Eye Aktiebolag (publ)  Första Långgatan 28 B  SE-413 27 Gothenburg  Sweden  or via e-mail to [email protected]  no later than on Monday 20 June 2022. The information will be made available at the Company’s premises and on www.smarteye.se on Thursday 23 June 2022 at the latest. The information will also be sent  within the same period of time  to the shareholder who has requested it and stated its address.Processing of personal dataFor information about how your personal data is processed  it is referred to the privacy notice available at Euroclear’s webpage: https://www.euroclear.com/dam/ESwithLegal/Privacy-notice-bolagsstammor-engelska.pdf._____________________________Gothenburg in June 2022Smart Eye Aktiebolag (publ)The Board of DirectorsFor more information:Martin Krantz  CEO Smart Eye ABPhone: +46 70-329 26 98Email: [email protected]Anders Lyrheden  CFO Smart Eye ABPhone: +46 70-320 96 95Email: [email protected]About Smart EyeSmart Eye is the global leader in Human Insight AI  technology that understands  supports and predicts human behavior in complex environments. Bridging the gap between humans and machines for a safe and sustainable future.Today  our technology is embedded in next-generation vehicles  leading the way towards human-centric mobility through Driver Monitoring Systems and Interior Sensing solutions. Our Research Instruments offer unparalleled insights into Automotive  Aviation & Aerospace  Assistive Technology  Media & Marketing  Psychology and many more fields. Our subsidiary Affectiva is pioneering Emotion AI  connecting machine logic with human empathy to gain a deeper understanding of how consumers engage with their content  products and services  in automotive  media & entertainment  market research and beyond. Our subsidiary iMotions provides the world’s leading biosensor software platform  that synchronizes data streams in real time from multiple sensors.Smart Eye was founded in 1999 and is headquartered in Sweden with offices in the US  UK  Germany  Denmark  Egypt  Singapore  China and Japan. A publicly traded company since 2016  our customers include NASA  Nissan  Boeing  Honeywell  Volvo  GM  BMW  Geely  Harvard University  over 1 300 research organizations around the world  70% of the world’s largest advertisers and 28% of the Fortune Global 500 companies.Visit www.smarteye.ai for more information.Visit our investor web for more financial information: http://www.corp.smarteye.se/en/Smart Eye is listed on Nasdaq First North Growth Market. Erik Penser is Certified Adviser and can be reached at +46-8-463 8000 or [email protected].AttachmentsNotice to attend the Extraordinary General Meeting in Smart Eye Aktiebolag (Publ)SOURCE: Smart EyeView source version on accesswire.com:https://www.accesswire.com/704866/Notice-to-Attend-the-Extraordinary-General-Meeting-in-Smart-Eye-Aktiebolag-Publ,neutral,0.02,0.96,0.02,negative,0.01,0.03,0.96,True,English,"['Extraordinary General Meeting', 'Smart Eye Aktiebolag', 'Notice', 'Publ', 'Första Långgatan', 'long-term incentive programme', 'Att. Anders Lyrheden', 'Anders Jöfelt', 'extraordinary general meeting', 'Euroclear Sweden AB', 'performance-based share options', 'voting right registration', 'Smart Eye Aktiebolag', 'Smart Eye group', 'Voting rights registration', 'mandatory advance voting', 'advance voting form', 'general meetings', 'Such registration', 'Anders Strid', 'postal voting', 'voting list', 'GÖTEBORG', 'OTC PINK', 'registered office', 'temporary exceptions', 'other associations', 'same day', 'share register', 'personal data', 'legal entity', 'corresponding document', 'two persons', 'Advokatfirman Vinge', 'Wednesday 29 June', 'Monday 20 June', 'Tuesday 28 June', 'Wednesday 22 June', 'advance vote', 'nominee-registered shares', 'special instructions', 'Further instructions', 'special form', 'completed form', 'PROPOSED AGENDA', 'Proxy forms', 'DIRECTORS’ PROPOSALS', 'shareholders’ regist', 'The Board', 'ACCESSWIRE', 'SEYE', 'SMTEF', 'FRA', 'publ', 'Company', 'Gothenburg', 'NOTIFICATION', 'ETC', 'Information', 'accordance', 'Act', 'execution', 'companies', 'possibility', 'place', 'resolutions', 'result', 'notice', 'processing', 'name', 'addition', 'circumstances', 'procedures', 'time', 'account', 'Section', 'smarteye', 'attendance', 'mail', 'certificate', 'incorporation', 'power', 'attorney', 'conditions', 'entirety', 'proxies', 'website', 'Election', 'Chairman', 'one', 'minutes', 'Preparation', 'approval', 'Determination', 'employees', 'issue', 'warrants', 'ITEMS']",2022-06-13,2022-06-13,digitaljournal.com
6352,Euroclear,Google API,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/ITACONIX-PLC-11003210/news/Itaconix-Circular-and-Notice-of-General-Meeting-2022-40711930/,Itaconix : Circular and Notice of General Meeting 2022,46 mins ago,"Itaconix : Circular and Notice of General Meeting 2022 06/13/2022 | 04:13pm EDT Send by mail :Name : First name : From * : To * : (You can enter multiple email addresses separated by commas) Message : * Required fields THIS DOCUMENT IS IMPORTANT AND REQUIRES YOUR IMMEDIATE ATTENTION. If you are in any doubt about the contents of this document or as to what action you should take  you should immediately consult your stockbroker  bank manager  solicitor  accountant or other independent ﬁnancial adviser duly authorised under the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 (as amended) if you are a resident of the United Kingdom or  if not  another appropriately authorised independent professional adviser. If you have sold or otherwise transferred all of your ordinary shares in Itaconix plc  please send this document and the accompanying Form of Proxy as soon as possible to the purchaser or transferee  or to the stockbroker or other agent through whom the sale or transfer was effected for transmission to the purchaser or transferee. ITACONIX PLC (Incorporated and registered in England and Wales with company number 08024489) NOTICE OF ANNUAL GENERAL MEETING PROPOSED AMENDMENT OF THE 2019 EQUITY INCENTIVE PLAN AND NEW 2022 EQUITY PARTICIPATION PLAN FOR NON-EMPLOYEES PLAN PROPOSED POTENTIAL SHARE CAPITAL CONSOLIDATION to be held at the ofﬁces of Fieldﬁsher LLP  9th Floor  Riverbank House  2 Swan Lane  London EC4R 3TT  United Kingdom on Friday 1 July 2022 at 1.00 p.m. Itaconix plc (the ""Company"") (Registered in England and Wales with company number 08024489) Fieldﬁsher  Riverbank House  2 Swan Lane  London EC4R 3TT  United Kingdom 8 June 2022 Dear Shareholder  ANNUAL GENERAL MEETING 2022 I am pleased to advise that the Company's Annual General Meeting (""AGM"") will be held at the ofﬁces of Fieldﬁsher LLP  9th Floor  Riverbank House  2 Swan Lane  London EC4R 3TT  United Kingdom on Friday 1 July 2022 at 1.00 p.m. All shareholders are welcome to attend and are asked to arrive at the venue no later than 12.45 p.m. There will be an opportunity for shareholders to speak with Directors at the meeting. The formal notice of the AGM commences on page 2 and sets out the business to be transacted. An explanation of each of the resolutions set out in the notice of the AGM is included on pages 6 to 10. ACTION TO BE TAKEN A proxy form for use by shareholders in connection with the AGM is enclosed. Whether or not you propose to attend the AGM  you are requested to complete and return the form in accordance with its instructions so that it arrives no later than 48 hours before the time appointed for holding the AGM. If you complete and return the proxy form  you can still attend and vote at the AGM in person if you wish. RECOMMENDATION Your Directors consider each of the resolutions set out in the notice of the AGM to be in the best interests of the Company and its shareholders as a whole. Accordingly  the Directors recommend that you vote in favour of such resolutions  as they intend to do in respect of their own beneﬁcial shareholdings. In making this recommendation  each Director will abstain in relation to any resolution in which he has a personal interest. Yours faithfully James Barber Chairman 2 NOTICE OF ANNUAL GENERAL MEETING NOTICE IS HEREBY GIVEN that the Annual General Meeting of Itaconix plc (the ""Company"") will be held at the ofﬁces of Fieldﬁsher LLP  9th Floor  Riverbank House  2 Swan Lane  London  EC4R 3TT  United Kingdom on Friday 1 July 2022 at 1.00 p.m. (the ""AGM"") to consider and  if thought ﬁt  to pass the following resolutions  of which resolutions 1 to 11 will be proposed as ordinary resolutions of the Company and resolution 12 will be proposed as a special resolution of the Company: To receive and consider the Company's Annual Report and Financial Statements for the year to 31 December 2021 (excluding the Directors' Remuneration Report). To receive and consider the Directors' Remuneration Report contained in the Annual Report and Financial Statements for the year to 31 December 2021. To re-appoint John R. Shaw as a Director of the Company. To re-appoint John I. Snow III as a Director of the Company. To re-appoint Charlean Gmunder as a Director of the Company. To reappoint BDO LLP as auditors of the Company to hold ofﬁce from the conclusion of the AGM to the conclusion of the next AGM at which accounts are laid before the Company. To authorise the Directors to determine the remuneration of the auditors. THAT every existing 10 ordinary shares of £0.01 each in the capital of the Company in issue and shown in the register of members of the Company at 6.00 p.m. (London time) on such date as the Directors may determine (the ""Existing Ordinary Shares"") be consolidated into one ordinary share of £0.10 in the capital of the Company  such ordinary shares having the same rights  and being subject to the same restrictions  as the Existing Ordinary Shares  as set out in the articles of association of the Company  provided that at the date of consolidation the closing mid-market price of the Existing Ordinary Shares is not less than £0.04 and that this power shall expire on 30 June 2023. To approve the amendment and restatement of the Itaconix plc 2019 Equity Incentive Plan in substantially the form submitted at this meeting and attached to this notice. To approve and adopt the Itaconix plc 2022 Equity Participation Plan for Non-Employees in substantially the form submitted at this meeting and attached to this notice. THAT   in substitution for any existing authorisation under section 551 of the Companies Act 2006 (the ""Act"") but without prejudice to the exercise of any such authorisation prior to the date of this resolution  the Directors of the Company are generally and unconditionally authorised in accordance with that section to allot shares in the Company and to grant rights to subscribe for  or to convert any security into  shares in the Company (all of which transactions are hereafter referred as an allotment of ""Relevant Securities""): comprising equity securities (within the meaning of section 560 (1)  (2) and (3) of the Act)  up to an aggregate nominal amount of £3 000 862.83 (such amount to be reduced by the nominal amount of any Relevant Securities allotted pursuant toparagraph (b) of this resolution) in connection with an offer to all holders of ordinary shares in the capital of the Company (""Ordinary Shares"") in proportion (as nearly as may be) to the respective numbers of Ordinary Shares held by them (but subject to such exclusions  limits or restrictions or other arrangements as the Directors of the Company may consider necessary or appropriate to deal with treasury shares  fractional entitlements  record dates or legal  regulatory or practical problems in or under the laws of any territory  or the requirements of any regulatory body or any stock exchange in any territory or otherwise howsoever); and up to an aggregate nominal amount of £1 500 431.41 (such amount to be reduced by the nominal amount of any equity securities allotted pursuant to the authority in paragraph (a) of this resolution in excess of £1 500 431.41)  in each case for a period expiring (unless previously renewed  varied or revoked by the Company in general meeting) at midnight on the date falling 15 months after the date of the passing of this resolution or at the conclusion of the next AGM of the Company following the 3 passing of this resolution  whichever occurs sooner  provided that the Company may before such expiry  variation or revocation make an offer or agreement which would or might require such Relevant Securities to be allotted after such expiry  variation or revocation and the Directors may allot Relevant Securities pursuant to such an offer or agreement as if the authority conferred hereby had not expired or been varied or revoked. 12. THAT  subject to and conditional upon the passing of resolution 11  the Directors be and they are hereby empowered pursuant to section 570 of the 2006 Act to allot equity securities (within the meaning of section 560 of the 2006 Act) for cash pursuant to the authority conferred by resolution 11 as if section 561(1) of the 2006 Act did not apply to any such allotment  provided that such power: shall  subject to the continuance of the authority conferred by resolution 11  expire at midnight on the date falling 15 months after the date of the passing of this resolution or at the conclusion of the next AGM of the Company following the passing of this resolution  whichever occurs sooner  but may be previously revoked or varied from time to time by special resolution but so that the Company may before such expiry  revocation or variation make an offer or agreement which would or might require equity securities to be allotted after such expiry  revocation or variation and the Directors may allot equity securities in pursuance of such offer or agreement as if such power had not expired or been revoked or varied; and shall be limited to: the allotment of equity securities pursuant to a rights issue  open offer  scrip dividend scheme or other pre-emptive offer or scheme which is in each case in favour of holders of Ordinary Shares and any other persons who are entitled to participate in such issue  offer or scheme where the equity securities offered to each such holder and other person are proportionate (as nearly as may be) to the respective numbers of Ordinary Shares held or deemed to be held by them for the purposes of their inclusion in such issue offer or scheme on the record date applicable thereto  but subject to such exclusions or other arrangements as the Directors may deem ﬁt or expedient to deal with fractional entitlements  legal or practical problems under the laws of any overseas territory  the requirements of any regulatory body or stock exchange in any territory  shares being represented by depositary receipts  directions from any holders of shares or other persons to deal in some other manner with their respective entitlements or any other matter whatever which the Directors consider to require such exclusions or other arrangements withthe ability for the Directors to allot equity securities not taken up to any person as they may think ﬁt; and the allotment of equity securities for cash otherwise than pursuant to sub paragraph (b)(1) up to an aggregate maximum nominal amount of £675 194.13. BY ORDER OF THE BOARD Registered ofﬁce: Laura Denner Fieldﬁsher Chief Financial Ofﬁcer and Company Secretary Riverbank House 2 Swan Lane London EC4R 3TT United Kingdom 4 Notes A shareholder is entitled to attend and vote at the meeting is also entitled to appoint one or more proxies to attend  speak andvote instead of him or her. The proxy need not be a member of the Company. Where a shareholder appoints more than one proxy  each proxy must be appointed in respect of different shares comprised in his or her shareholding which must be identiﬁed on the proxy form. Each such proxy will have the right to vote on a poll in respect of the number of votes attaching to the numberof shares in respect of which the proxy has been appointed but such proxies will only be entitled to one vote between them on a poll. The proxy who is to exercise the one vote on a poll must be identiﬁed on the appropriate proxy form. Where more than onejoint shareholder purports to appoint a proxy in respect of the same shares  only the appointment by the most senior shareholder will be accepted as determined by the order in which their names appear in the Company's Register of Members. If you wish your proxy to speak at the meeting  you should appoint a proxy other than the Chairman of the meeting and give your instructions to that proxy. You can vote either: by logging on to www.signalshares.com and following the instructions below; You may request a hard copy form of proxy directly from the registrars  Link Group on tel: 0371 664 0300. Calls are chargedat the standard geographic rate and will vary by provider. Calls outside the United Kingdom will be charged at the applicable international rate. Lines are open between 09:00 - 17:30  Monday to Friday excluding public holidays in England and Wales. in the case of CREST members  by utilising the CREST electronic proxy appointment service in accordance with the procedures set out below. You may vote electronically using the link www.signalshares.com. You will need to log into your Signal Shares account  orregister if you have not previously done so. To register you will need your Investor Code which is detailed on your share certiﬁcate or available from Link Group whose contact details are set out in the notes to the enclosed Notice of Annual General Meeting. For an electronic proxy appointment to be valid  your vote must be received by no later than 1.00 p.m. on 29 June 2022. To be effective an instrument appointing a proxy and any authority under which it is executed (or a notarially certiﬁed copy of such authority) must be deposited at the ofﬁces of Link Group  PXS 1  Central Square  29 Wellington Street  Leeds  LS1 4DL so as to be received no later than 1.00 p.m. on 29 June 2022 except that: (a) should the meeting be adjourned  such deposit may be made not later than 48 hours before the time of the adjourned meeting; and (b) in the case of a poll taken more than 48 hours after it was demanded  such deposit may be made not later than 24 hours before the time appointed for the taking of the poll. CREST members who wish to appoint a proxy or proxies by utilising the CREST electronic proxy appointment service may do so by utilising the procedures described in the CREST Manual. CREST Personal Members or other CREST sponsored members and those CREST members who have appointed a voting service provider(s)  should refer to their CREST sponsor or voting service provider(s)  who will be able to take the appropriate action on their behalf. In order for a proxy appointment made bymeans of CREST to be valid  the appropriate CREST message (a CREST Proxy Instruction) must be properly authenticated in accordance with Euroclear UK & Ireland Limited's (""EUI"") speciﬁcations and must contain the information required for such instruction  as described in the CREST Manual. The message  regardless of whether it relates to the appointment of a proxy orto an amendment to the instruction given to a previously appointed proxy must  in order to be valid  be transmitted so as to be received by the issuer's agent (ID RA10) by the latest time(s) for receipt of the proxy appointments speciﬁed in the notice ofmeeting. For this purpose  the time of receipt will be taken by the time (as determined by the timestamp applied to the message by the CREST Applications Host) from which the issuer's agent is able to retrieve the message by enquiry to CREST in themanner prescribed by CREST. The Company may treat as invalid a CREST Proxy Instruction in the circumstances set out in Regulation 35(5)(a) of the Uncertiﬁcated Securities Regulations 2001. CREST members and  where applicable  their CREST sponsors or voting service providers  should note that EUI does not make available special procedures in CREST for any particular messages. Normal system timings and limitations will therefore apply in relation to the input of CREST Proxy Instructions. It is the responsibility of the CREST member concerned to take (or  if the CREST member is a CREST personal member or sponsored member or has appointed a voting service provider(s)  to procure that his CREST sponsor or voting service provider(s) take(s)) such action as shall be necessary to ensure that a message is transmitted by means of the CREST system by a particular time. In this connection  CREST members and  where applicable  their CREST sponsor or voting service providers are referred  in particular  to those sections of the CREST Manual concerning practical limitations of the CREST system and timings. Any corporation which is a member can authorise one or more person(s) to act as its representative(s) at the meeting. An abstention (or ""vote withheld"") option has been included on the Form of Proxy. The legal effect of choosing the abstention option on any resolution is that the shareholder concerned will be treated as not having voted on the relevant resolution. The number of votes in respect of which there are abstentions  will however  be counted and recorded  but disregarded in calculating the number of votes for or against each resolution. In accordance with Regulation 41 of the Uncertiﬁed Securities Regulations 2001  the Company speciﬁes that only those shareholders registered in the register of members of the Company as at 1.00 p.m. on 29 June 2022 or  in the event that the meeting is adjourned  in such register not later than 48 hours before the time of the adjourned meeting  shall be entitled to attend  or vote (whether in person or by proxy) at the meeting in respect of the number of shares registered in their names at the relevant time. Changes after the relevant time will be disregarded in determining the rights of any person to attend or vote at the meeting. If you are a person who has been nominated under section 146 of the 2006 Act to enjoy information rights  you may have a right  under an agreement between you and the shareholder who has nominated you  to be appointed or to have someone else appointed for you as a proxy for the meeting. If you do not have such a right  or you do have such a right but do not wish to exercise it  you may have a right under such an agreement to give instructions to the shareholder who nominated you as to the exercise of the voting rights attached to the ordinary shares in respect of which you have been nominated. As at 6 June 2022  being the last practicable date before the publication of this notice  the Company's issued share capital consists of 450 129 425 ordinary shares  carrying one vote each. No shares are held as treasury shares and therefore the total number of votes at such date is 450 129 425. Copies of Directors' service contracts and letters of appointment will be available for inspection for at least 15 minutes prior to the meeting and during the meeting. If you have any questions  please call us on 0871 664 0300. Calls cost 12p per minute plus your phone company's accesscharge. If you are outside the United Kingdom  please call +44 371 664 0300. Calls outside the United Kingdom will be charged at the applicable international rate. Lines are open between 9.00 a.m. - 5.30 p.m.  Monday to Friday excluding public holidays in England and Wales. 5 This is an excerpt of the original content. To continue reading it  access the original document here. Attachments Original LinkOriginal DocumentPermalink Disclaimer Itaconix plc published this content on 13 June 2022 and is solely responsible for the information contained therein. Distributed by Public  unedited and unaltered  on 13 June 2022 20:12:08 UTC.© Publicnow 2022 All news about ITACONIX PLC 04:13p ITACONIX : Form of Proxy 2022 PU 04:13p ITACONIX : Circular and Notice of General Meeting 2022 PU 04:13p ITACONIX : Annual Report & Accounts 2021 PU 06/08 ITACONIX : View 2021 Annual Report (PDF) PU 06/08 ITACONIX : Full year results for the year ended 31 december 2021 PU 06/08 Itaconix plc Reports Earnings Results for the Full Year Ended December 31  2021 CI 05/06 Itaconix plc announced that it has received $0.06525 million in funding CI 04/22 Itaconix Plans Capital Raise To Fund Growth Working Capital MT 04/21 Itaconix plc announced that it expects to receive $0.06525 million in funding CI 04/19 ITACONIX : Board Changes PU",neutral,0.01,0.97,0.02,positive,0.64,0.2,0.16,True,English,"['General Meeting', 'Itaconix', 'Circular', 'Notice', 'ANNUAL GENERAL MEETING PROPOSED AMENDMENT', 'John I. Snow III', 'NEW 2022 EQUITY PARTICIPATION PLAN', 'other independent ﬁnancial adviser', 'POTENTIAL SHARE CAPITAL CONSOLIDATION', 'ANNUAL GENERAL MEETING NOTICE', 'NON-EMPLOYEES PLAN PROPOSED', 'independent professional adviser', '2019 EQUITY INCENTIVE PLAN', 'John R. Shaw', 'one ordinary share', 'multiple email addresses', 'beneﬁcial shareholdings', 'James Barber Chairman', 'closing mid-market price', 'existing 10 ordinary shares', 'Existing Ordinary Shares', 'Fieldﬁsher LLP', 'London EC4R 3TT', ""Directors' Remuneration Report"", 'Annual Report', 'other agent', 'BDO LLP', 'IMMEDIATE ATTENTION', 'bank manager', 'Financial Services', 'Markets Act', 'United Kingdom', 'ofﬁces', '9th Floor', 'Riverbank House', '2 Swan Lane', 'Friday 1 July', 'Dear Shareholder', 'best interests', 'personal interest', 'Financial Statements', 'Charlean Gmunder', 'same rights', 'same restrictions', 'ordinary resolutions', 'London time', 'Itaconix plc', 'accompanying Form', 'formal notice', 'First name', 'proxy form', 'following resolutions', 'special resolution', 'company number', 'next AGM', '2 NOTICE', 'AGM.', 'Circular', 'commas', 'Message', 'Required', 'fields', 'DOCUMENT', 'doubt', 'contents', 'action', 'stockbroker', 'solicitor', 'accountant', 'resident', 'purchaser', 'transferee', 'sale', 'transmission', 'England', 'Wales', 'shareholders', 'venue', 'opportunity', 'page', 'business', 'explanation', 'connection', 'accordance', 'instructions', 'RECOMMENDATION', 'favour', 'respect', 'relation', 'year', '31 December', 'auditors', 'conclusion', 'accounts', 'issue', 'register', 'members', 'date', 'articles', 'association', '1.00', '12.45', '6.00']",2022-06-13,2022-06-13,marketscreener.com
6353,Euroclear,Google API,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/ESKEN-LIMITED-4005006/news/Esken-Notice-of-Annual-General-Meeting-2022-40710096/,Esken : Notice of Annual General Meeting 2022,6 hours ago,Esken : Notice of Annual General Meeting 2022 06/13/2022 | 10:23am EDT Send by mail :Name : First name : From * : To * : (You can enter multiple email addresses separated by commas) Message : * Required fields Esken Limited 1 Notice of Meeting 2022 THIS DOCUMENT IS IMPORTANT AND REQUIRES YOUR IMMEDIATE ATTENTION. If you are in any doubt as to any aspect of the proposals referred to in this document or as to the action you should take  you are recommended to seek your own advice immediately from a stockbroker  solicitor  accountant or other professional adviser authorised pursuant to the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 (as amended) if you are in the United Kingdom  or from another appropriately authorised independent financial adviser if you are in a territory outside the United Kingdom. If you have sold or transferred all of your Ordinary Shares in the Company  please forward this document without delay to the purchaser or transferee or to the stockbroker  bank or other agent through whom the sale or transfer was effected for delivery to the purchaser or transferee. Such documents should not  however  be forwarded or transmitted in or into any jurisdiction where to do so might constitute a violation of the relevant laws in such jurisdiction. If you have sold or transferred only part of your holding of Ordinary Shares  you should retain these documents and consult the stockbroker bank or other agent through whom the sale or transfer was effected. This document should be read in conjunction with the application of the definitions set out in Part 2 of this document. The whole of this document should be read and  in particular  your attention is drawn to the letter from the Chairman of the Company set out in Part 1 of this document which contains the recommendation by the Directors to Shareholders to vote in favour of the resolutions to be proposed at the AGM. Esken Limited (incorporated under the laws of Guernsey with registered number 39117) Notice of Annual General Meeting A Notice convening the AGM of the Company to be held at 11.00 a.m. on 13 July 2022 at Eversheds Sutherland  1 Wood Street  Cheapside  London  EC2V 7WS is set out in Part 3 of this document. 2 Esken Limited Notice of Meeting 2022 IMPORTANT NOTICE The release  publication or distribution of this document in jurisdictions other than the United Kingdom may be restricted by law and therefore persons into whose possession this document comes should inform themselves about  and observe  any applicable restrictions or requirements. Any failure to comply with such restrictions may constitute a violation of the securities laws of any such jurisdiction. This document has been prepared for the purposes of complying with Guernsey law and the Listing Rules and the applicable rules and the information disclosed may not be the same as that which would have been disclosed if this document had been prepared in accordance with the laws and regulations of any jurisdiction outside of Guernsey. The statements contained in this document are made as at the date of this document  unless some other time is specified in relation to them  and publication of this document shall not give rise to any implication that there has been no change in the facts set forth herein since such date. Nothing contained in this document shall be deemed to be a forecast  projection or estimate of the future financial performance of the Company except where otherwise stated. FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS This document contains certain 'forward-looking statements' with respect to certain plans and objectives of the members of the Group. In some cases  these forward-looking statements can be identified by the fact that they do not relate to historical or current facts and by the use of forward-looking terminology  including the terms 'anticipates ' 'believes ' 'estimates ' 'expects ' 'intends ' 'plans ' 'prepares ' 'goal ' 'target ' 'will ' 'may ' 'should ' 'could' or 'would' or  in each case  their negative or other variations or comparable terminology. These statements are based on assumptions and assessments made by the Directors in light of their experience and their perception of historical trends  current conditions  expected future developments and other factors they believe appropriate. Shareholders should specifically consider the factors identified in this document that could cause actual results to differ before making an investment decision. Such forward-looking statements involve known and unknown risks  uncertainties and other factors  which may cause the actual results  performance or achievements of the Company or the Group  or industry results  to be materially different from any future results  performance or achievements expressed or implied by such forward-looking statements. They are also based on numerous assumptions regarding the Company's and/or the Group's present and future business strategies and the environment in which it is believed that the Group will operate in the future. These forward-looking statements speak only as at the date of this document. The Company expressly disclaims any obligation or undertaking to release publicly any updates or revisions to any forward-looking statements contained in this document to reflect any change in the Company's expectations with regard thereto  any new information or any change in events  conditions or circumstances on which any such statements are based  unless required to do so by law or any appropriate regulatory authority. Should one or more of these risks or uncertainties materialise  or should underlying assumptions prove incorrect  actual results may vary materially from those described in this document. Esken Limited Contents Expected Timetable of Events Part 1: Letter from the Executive Chairman of Esken Limited Part 2: Definitions Part 3: Notice of AGM Expected Timetable of Events Last time and date for receipt of Proxy Forms for the AGM Last time and date for receipt of CREST Proxy Instructions Last time and date for registration in the Register AGM Esken Limited 3 Notice of Meeting 2022 3 4 6 7 a.m. on 11 July 2022 a.m. on 11 July 2022 Close of business on 11 July 2022 a.m. on 13 July 2022 Notes: References to times are to London times unless otherwise stated. The dates and times given in this document are based on the Company's current expectations and may be subject to change. Any changes to the timetable set out above will be announced via a Regulatory Information Service. 4 Esken Limited Notice of Meeting 2022 PART 1: LETTER FROM THE EXECUTIVE CHAIRMAN OF ESKEN LIMITED Esken Limited (incorporated under the laws of Guernsey with registered number 39117) Directors Registered Office David Shearer (Executive Chairman) Trafalgar Court Nick Dilworth (Chief Operating Officer) Les Banques Lewis Girdwood (Chief Financial Officer) St Peter Port David Blackwood (Deputy Chairman and Senior Independent Director) Guernsey Ginny Pulbrook (Non-Executive Director) GY1 4YL John Coombs (Non-Executive Director) Clive Condie (Non-Executive Director) 13 June 2022 Dear Shareholder Notice of Annual General Meeting I am pleased to enclose the Notice set out in Part 3 of this document (including the explanatory notes) convening the Annual General Meeting (AGM) of Esken Limited (the Company). The AGM will be held at 11.00 a.m. on 13 July 2022 at Eversheds Sutherland  1 Wood Street  Cheapside  London  EC2V 7WS where the resolutions set out in the Notice will be proposed and Shareholders' approval sought. Business of the AGM Your attention is drawn to the Notice of AGM set out in Part 3 at the end of this document and the definitions set out in Part 2. You are advised to read the whole of this document  including the explanatory notes to the resolutions  and not rely on the summary information provided above. There are 14 resolutions which form the business of the AGM. Further information about each resolution can be found in the Explanatory Notes to this document at pages 10 to 13. Resolutions 1 to 11 are to be proposed as ordinary resolutions and Resolutions 12 to 14 are to be proposed as special resolutions. The ordinary resolutions 1 to 11 will require a simple majority of those voting in person or by proxy (whether on a show of hands or on a poll) in favour of such resolutions. The special resolutions 12 to 14 will require approval by not less than 75 per cent. of those voting in person or by proxy (whether on a show of hands or on a poll) in favour of such resolutions. Only holders of Ordinary Shares may vote at the AGM. Coronavirus (COVID-19) measures The health and wellbeing of the Company's employees  Shareholders and the wider communities in which it operates is of paramount importance to the Board. For the avoidance of doubt  we ask that you not attend in person at the AGM if you have any COVID symptoms or if you feel unwell or have had a recent positive test. Asking questions at the AGM The Company recognises the importance of being able to answer Shareholders' questions. Shareholders are invited to email Matthew Joy  Company Secretary (matthew.joy@esken.com) including their Shareholder Reference Number (shown on their share certificate as Investor Code or IVC)  with any questions relating to the business of the AGM which they would like to have considered if they are not able to attend in person to ask that question. The Company requests that questions be submitted by 8 July 2022 at the latest. The Company will attempt to answer as many of Shareholders' questions as it can via the Company's website (www.esken.com) in advance of the AGM. If the Company receives a large number of questions on similar topics  it may group those questions and respond to them generally. If you attend the AGM in person (or by proxy)  you will be able to ask questions (or your proxy will be able to do so on your behalf). Voting at the AGM You are invited to attend the Annual General Meeting. If you would like to vote on the resolutions but cannot attend the Annual General Meeting in person  please submit your proxy form electronically by accessing the Registrar's website at www.signalshares. com.Instead of voting online  you may request a hard copy form of proxy directly from the Company Registrar  Link Group  by email at enquiries@linkgroup.co.uk  or you may call Link on 0371 664 0391 (or +44 (0) 371 664 0391 if calling from outside the United Kingdom). Calls are charged at the standard geographic rate and will vary by provider. Calls outside the United Kingdom will be charged at the applicable international rate. The helpline is open between 9.00 a.m. and 5.30 p.m.  Monday to Friday excluding public holidays in England and Wales. If you request a hard copy  please complete and sign it in accordance with the instructions printed on it and return it either (i) by post or  (ii) during normal business hours only  by hand  to the Company's registrar  Link Group  PXS1  Central Square  29 Wellington Street  Leeds LS1 4DL  so as to be received as soon as possible and in any event not later than 11.00 a.m. (London time) on 11 July 2022  or  if the AGM is adjourned  the Form of Proxy should be received not later than 48 hours before the time fixed for the adjourned AGM. The Form of Proxy must be returned by the time mentioned above  or it will be invalid. Esken Limited 5 Notice of Meeting 2022 Shareholders are entitled to appoint a proxy in respect of some or all of their Shares and may also appoint more than one proxy  provided that each proxy is appointed to exercise the rights attached to a different share or shares held by such holder. Shareholders who wish to appoint more than one proxy in respect of their holding of Shares should contact Link Group for further Forms of Proxy. Completion and return of a Form of Proxy  or the appointment of a proxy electronically using CREST (or any other procedure described below)  will not prevent you from attending  asking questions and voting in person at the AGM  or any adjournment thereof  if you wish and are entitled to do so. Online appointment of proxies Shareholders entitled to attend and vote at the AGM may appoint a proxy electronically by logging on to the Registrar's website at www.signalshares.com and entering the Voting ID  Task ID and Shareholder Reference Number shown on their Form of Proxy. For an electronic proxy appointment to be valid  the appointment must be received by the Company's registrar  Link Group  no later than 11.00 a.m. London time on 11 July 2022 (or  in the case of adjournment(s)  not later than 48 hours before the time fixed for the adjourned meeting). Full details of the procedure to be followed to appoint a proxy electronically are given on the website. Electronic appointment of proxies through CREST If you hold Shares in uncertificated form through CREST and wish to appoint a proxy or proxies for the meeting (or any adjourned meeting) by using the CREST electronic proxy appointment service  you may do so by using the procedures described in the CREST Manual. CREST personal members or other CREST sponsored members  and those CREST members who have appointed any voting service provider(s)  should refer to their CREST sponsor or voting service provider(s)  who will be able to take the appropriate action on their behalf. In order for a proxy appointment or instruction made using the CREST service to be valid  the appropriate CREST message (a CREST Proxy Instruction) must be properly authenticated in accordance with the specifications of Euroclear and must contain the information required for such instructions as described in the CREST Manual. The message (regardless of whether it constitutes the appointment of a proxy or an amendment to the instructions given to a previously appointed proxy) must  in order to be valid  be transmitted so as to be received by the Company's registrar  Link Group  not less than 48 hours before the time fixed for the AGM (not counting non-working days) (or adjourned meeting). For this purpose  the time of receipt will be taken to be the time (as determined by the timestamp applied to the message by the CREST Application Host) from which Link Group is able to retrieve the message by enquiry to CREST in the manner prescribed by CREST. After this time  any change of instructions to proxies appointed through CREST should be communicated to the appointee through other means. CREST members and  where applicable  their CREST sponsors or voting service providers  should note that Euroclear does not make available special procedures in CREST for any particular messages. Normal system timings and limitations will therefore apply in relation to the input of CREST Proxy Instructions. It is the responsibility of the CREST member concerned to take (or  if the CREST member is a CREST personal member or sponsored member or has appointed any voting service provider(s)  to procure that his/her CREST sponsor or voting service provider(s) take(s)) such action as shall be necessary to ensure that a message is transmitted by means of the CREST system by any particular time. In this connection  CREST members and  where applicable  their CREST sponsors or voting service providers are referred  in particular  to those sections of the CREST Manual concerning practical limitations of the CREST system and timings. The Company may treat as invalid a CREST Proxy Instruction in the circumstances set out in the CREST Regulations. Shareholder Helpline If you have any questions about this document or the AGM  or are in any doubt as to how to complete the Form of Proxy or submit a proxy form electronically  please contact the Company's registrars  Link Group  at 10th Floor  Central Square  29 Wellington Street  Leeds LS1 4DL or call on 0371 664 0391 or  if telephoning from outside the UK  on +44 (0) 371 664 0391  between 9.00 a.m. and 5.30 p.m. (London time)  Monday to Friday (excluding English and Welsh public holidays). Calls to the helpline from outside the UK will be charged at applicable international rates. Calls may be recorded and monitored for security and training purposes. Please note that  for legal reasons  the helpline cannot give any legal  tax or financial advice. Recommendation The Board considers the passing of the resolutions to be proposed at the AGM to be in the best interests of the Company and Shareholders as a whole. Accordingly  the Board recommends that Shareholders vote in favour of the resolutions to be proposed at the AGM  as the Directors intend to do in respect of their own beneficial holdings of Ordinary Shares  which amount in aggregate to 3 146 700 Ordinary Shares representing approximately 0.31% per cent. of the issued Ordinary Shares of the Company (excluding treasury shares) at the Latest Practicable Date. Yours faithfully David Shearer Executive Chairman This is an excerpt of the original content. To continue reading it  access the original document here. Attachments Original LinkOriginal DocumentPermalink Disclaimer Esken Ltd. published this content on 13 June 2022 and is solely responsible for the information contained therein. Distributed by Public  unedited and unaltered  on 13 June 2022 14:22:03 UTC.© Publicnow 2022 All news about ESKEN LIMITED 10:23a ESKEN : Annual Report 2022 PU 05/25 ESKEN : Full Year Statement 2022 PU 05/25 ESKEN : Full Year Results Presentation 2022 PU 05/25 Esken Limited Reports Earnings Results for the Full Year Ended February 28  2022 CI 2021 ESKEN : Stobart Energy Investor Presentation PU 2021 Esken Limited Announces Extension to Logistics Agreement CI 2021 Interim Results Statement 2021 PU 2021 Interim Results Presentation 2021 PU 2021 Esken Limited Announces Director Appointment CI 2021 Esken Limited Reports Earnings Results for the Half Year Ended August 31  2021 CI,neutral,0.02,0.96,0.02,negative,0.03,0.23,0.74,True,English,"['Annual General Meeting', 'Esken', 'Notice', 'multiple email addresses', 'independent financial adviser', 'future business strategies', 'other professional adviser', 'Annual General Meeting', 'future financial performance', 'Such forward-looking statements', '2 Esken Limited Notice', 'Financial Services', 'future developments', 'future results', 'other agent', 'other time', 'forward-looking terminology', 'other variations', 'Markets Act', 'United Kingdom', 'Ordinary Shares', 'Such documents', 'registered number', 'Eversheds Sutherland', '1 Wood Street', 'EC2V 7WS', 'Listing Rules', 'applicable rules', 'comparable terminology', 'current conditions', 'actual results', 'investment decision', 'unknown risks', 'industry results', 'other factors', 'First name', 'IMMEDIATE ATTENTION', 'relevant laws', 'IMPORTANT NOTICE', 'applicable restrictions', 'securities laws', 'current facts', 'historical trends', 'numerous assumptions', 'The Company', 'stockbroker bank', 'Guernsey law', '1 Notice', 'commas', 'Message', 'fields', 'doubt', 'aspect', 'proposals', 'action', 'advice', 'solicitor', 'accountant', 'territory', 'delay', 'purchaser', 'transferee', 'sale', 'delivery', 'jurisdiction', 'violation', 'part', 'holding', 'conjunction', 'application', 'definitions', 'letter', 'Chairman', 'recommendation', 'Directors', 'Shareholders', 'favour', 'resolutions', 'AGM', '13 July', 'Cheapside', 'London', 'release', 'publication', 'distribution', 'persons', 'possession', 'requirements', 'failure', 'purposes', 'information', 'accordance', 'regulations', 'date', 'relation', 'rise', 'implication', 'change', 'Nothing', 'forecast', 'projection', 'estimate', 'respect', 'plans', 'objectives', 'members', 'Group', 'cases', 'use', 'terms', 'anticipates', 'expects', 'target', 'negative', 'assessments', 'light', 'experience', 'perception', 'uncertainties', 'achievements', 'present', 'environment', '11.00', '2022']",2022-06-13,2022-06-13,marketscreener.com
6354,Euroclear,Google API,https://tsarizm.com/news/eastern-europe/2022/06/13/russia-blocks-foreign-securities-on-exchanges/,Russia Blocks Foreign Securities On Exchanges,1 hour ago,MicexImage by AlmeewarPlease Follow us on Gab  Minds  Telegram  Rumble  Gab TV  GETTRWestern financial sanctions have not yet destroyed the Russian economy  as the ruble hits short term highs; however  individual investors at Russian exchanges are being severely impacted as the Kremlin has frozen foreign securities.Few could have imagined that these funds would suddenly be blocked. But that’s exactly what happened last month when the Central Bank ordered the St. Petersburg Stock Exchange (the main foreign securities exchange in Russia) to block a large part of its clients’ assets. The move affected all securities whose storage and settlement passed through the National Settlement Depository (NSD). The only exceptions were foreign shares issued by Russian companies HeadHunter  Yandex  Ozon  Cian  TCS Group and Fix Price  wrote Russian independent news outlet The Bell.International securities settlement house Euroclear ceased operations with the NSD and blocked its account back in March. But last week’s Central Bank freeze orders definitively separated freely-traded foreign securities from those which are now not tradable. The Central Bank restrictions impacted 995 foreign issuers out of more than 1 650 that previously traded on the exchange. Fortunately  some popular stocks – including Tesla  Apple and Microsoft – were not affected because they were not stored at NSD.In addition  the NSD was hit by EU sanctions earlier this month  ending any prospect of unfreezing the securities in the near future.The main problem for those seeking to get rid of frozen shares is finding buyers  said Konstantin Asaturov  director of the securities department at Sistema Capital Management  and  even if a buyer is found  the discount will likely be over 50 percent.It’s difficult to know how many Russians use foreign brokers  but there are probably tens of thousands. Interactive Brokers estimated in April that it had up to 20 000 Russian-speaking clients.,neutral,0.03,0.66,0.31,negative,0.01,0.11,0.88,True,English,"['Foreign Securities', 'Russia', 'Exchanges', 'St. Petersburg Stock Exchange', 'Central Bank freeze orders', 'Russian independent news outlet', 'The Central Bank restrictions', 'International securities settlement house', 'main foreign securities exchange', 'short term highs', 'Sistema Capital Management', 'National Settlement Depository', 'Western financial sanctions', 'The Bell', 'main problem', 'Russian economy', 'Russian exchanges', 'Russian companies', 'EU sanctions', 'foreign shares', '995 foreign issuers', 'foreign brokers', 'securities department', 'individual investors', 'large part', 'clients’ assets', 'TCS Group', 'Fix Price', 'popular stocks', 'near future', 'frozen shares', 'Konstantin Asaturov', 'many Russians', 'Interactive Brokers', '20,000 Russian-speaking clients', 'Gab TV', 'Micex', 'Image', 'Almeewar', 'Minds', 'Telegram', 'Rumble', 'GETTR', 'ruble', 'Kremlin', 'Few', 'funds', 'move', 'storage', 'NSD', 'exceptions', 'HeadHunter', 'Yandex', 'Ozon', 'Cian', 'Euroclear', 'operations', 'account', 'March', 'Tesla', 'Apple', 'Microsoft', 'addition', 'prospect', 'buyers', 'director', 'discount', '50 percent', 'tens', 'thousands', 'April']",2022-06-13,2022-06-13,tsarizm.com
6355,Euroclear,Bing API,https://apnews.com/press-release/globe-newswire/covid-politics-health-business-dividends-8869cf606f6397fc8644532561385fab,Shell Plc First Quarter 2022 Euro and GBP Equivalent Dividend Payments,The Board of Shell plc (“Shell”) today announced the pounds sterling and euro equivalent dividend payments in respect of the first quarter 2022 interim dividend  which was announced on May 5  2022 at US$0.,June 13  2022The Board of Shell plc (“Shell”) today announced the pounds sterling and euro equivalent dividend payments in respect of the first quarter 2022 interim dividend  which was announced on May 5  2022 at US$0.25 per ordinary share.Shareholders have been able to elect to receive their dividends in US dollars  euros or pounds sterling. Holders of ordinary shares who have validly submitted US dollars  euros or pounds sterling currency elections by June 7  2022 will be entitled to a dividend of US$0.25  €0.2346 or 20.01p per ordinary share  respectively.Absent any valid election to the contrary  persons holding their ordinary shares through Euroclear Nederland will receive their dividends in euros at the euro rate per ordinary share shown above. Absent any valid election to the contrary  shareholders (both holding in certificated and uncertificated form (CREST members)) and persons holding their shares through the Shell Corporate Nominee will receive their dividends in pounds sterling  at the pound sterling rate per ordinary share shown above.ADVERTISEMENTEuro and pounds sterling dividends payable in cash have been converted from US dollars based on an average of market exchange rates over the three dealing days from June 8 to June 10  2022.This dividend will be payable on June 27  2022 to those members whose names were on the Register of Members on May 20  2022.Taxation - cash dividendWith Shell’s tax residence moved to the UK  dividends paid to shareholders on their ordinary shares will not attract Dutch dividend withholding tax. This means that holders of the former A shares receive their dividends in full as Dutch dividend withholding tax is no longer withheld on these dividends. Holders of the former B shares receive their dividends directly from Shell as these dividends will no longer be paid through the Dividend Access Mechanism.If you are uncertain as to the tax treatment of any dividends you should consult your tax advisor.NoteA different currency election date may apply to shareholders holding shares in a securities account with a bank or financial institution ultimately holding through Euroclear Nederland. This may also apply to other shareholders who do not hold their shares either directly on the Register of Members or in the corporate sponsored nominee arrangement. Shareholders can contact their broker  financial intermediary  bank or financial institution for the election deadline that applies.EnquiriesShell Media RelationsInternational +44 (0) 207 934 5550Americas +1 832 337 4355CAUTIONARY NOTEThe companies in which Shell plc directly and indirectly owns investments are separate legal entities. In this announcement “Shell”  “Shell Group” and “Group” are sometimes used for convenience where references are made to Shell plc and its subsidiaries in general. Likewise  the words “we”  “us” and “our” are also used to refer to Shell plc and its subsidiaries in general or to those who work for them. These terms are also used where no useful purpose is served by identifying the particular entity or entities. “Subsidiaries”  “Shell subsidiaries” and “Shell companies” as used in this announcement refer to entities over which Shell plc either directly or indirectly has control. Entities and unincorporated arrangements over which Shell has joint control are generally referred to as “joint ventures” and “joint operations”  respectively. “Joint ventures” and “joint operations” are collectively referred to as “joint arrangements”. Entities over which Shell has significant influence but neither control nor joint control are referred to as “associates”. The term “Shell interest” is used for convenience to indicate the direct and/or indirect ownership interest held by Shell in an entity or unincorporated joint arrangement  after exclusion of all third-party interest.ADVERTISEMENTForward-Looking StatementsThis announcement contains forward-looking statements (within the meaning of the U.S. Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995) concerning the financial condition  results of operations and businesses of Shell. All statements other than statements of historical fact are  or may be deemed to be  forward-looking statements. Forward-looking statements are statements of future expectations that are based on management’s current expectations and assumptions and involve known and unknown risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results  performance or events to differ materially from those expressed or implied in these statements. Forward-looking statements include  among other things  statements concerning the potential exposure of Shell to market risks and statements expressing management’s expectations  beliefs  estimates  forecasts  projections and assumptions. These forward-looking statements are identified by their use of terms and phrases such as “aim”  “ambition”  “anticipate”  ‘‘believe’’  ‘‘could’’  ‘‘estimate’’  ‘‘expect’’  ‘‘goals’’  ‘‘intend’’  ‘‘may’’  “milestones”  ‘‘objectives’’  ‘‘outlook’’  ‘‘plan’’  ‘‘probably’’  ‘‘project’’  ‘‘risks’’  “schedule”  ‘‘seek’’  ‘‘should’’  ‘‘target’’  ‘‘will’’ and similar terms and phrases. There are a number of factors that could affect the future operations of Shell and could cause those results to differ materially from those expressed in the forward-looking statements included in this announcement  including (without limitation): (a) price fluctuations in crude oil and natural gas; (b) changes in demand for Shell’s products; (c) currency fluctuations; (d) drilling and production results; (e) reserves estimates; (f) loss of market share and industry competition; (g) environmental and physical risks; (h) risks associated with the identification of suitable potential acquisition properties and targets  and successful negotiation and completion of such transactions; (i) the risk of doing business in developing countries and countries subject to international sanctions; (j) legislative  judicial  fiscal and regulatory developments including regulatory measures addressing climate change; (k) economic and financial market conditions in various countries and regions; (l) political risks  including the risks of expropriation and renegotiation of the terms of contracts with governmental entities  delays or advancements in the approval of projects and delays in the reimbursement for shared costs; (m) risks associated with the impact of pandemics  such as the COVID-19 (coronavirus) outbreak; and (n) changes in trading conditions. No assurance is provided that future dividend payments will match or exceed previous dividend payments. All forward-looking statements contained in this announcement are expressly qualified in their entirety by the cautionary statements contained or referred to in this section. Readers should not place undue reliance on forward-looking statements. Additional risk factors that may affect future results are contained in Shell plc’s Form 20-F for the year ended December 31  2021 (available at www.shell.com/investor and www.sec.gov). These risk factors also expressly qualify all forward-looking statements contained in this announcement and should be considered by the reader. Each forward-looking statement speaks only as of the date of this announcement  June 13  2022. Neither Shell plc nor any of its subsidiaries undertake any obligation to publicly update or revise any forward-looking statement as a result of new information  future events or other information. In light of these risks  results could differ materially from those stated  implied or inferred from the forward-looking statements contained in this announcement.ADVERTISEMENTADVERTISEMENTShell’s net carbon footprintADVERTISEMENTAlso  in this announcement we may refer to Shell’s “Net Carbon Footprint” or “Net Carbon Intensity”  which include Shell’s carbon emissions from the production of our energy products  our suppliers’ carbon emissions in supplying energy for that production and our customers’ carbon emissions associated with their use of the energy products we sell. Shell only controls its own emissions. The use of the term Shell’s “Net Carbon Footprint” or “Net Carbon Intensity” are for convenience only and not intended to suggest these emissions are those of Shell plc or its subsidiaries.Shell’s net-Zero Emissions TargetShell’s operating plan  outlook and budgets are forecasted for a ten-year period and are updated every year. They reflect the current economic environment and what we can reasonably expect to see over the next ten years. Accordingly  they reflect our Scope 1  Scope 2 and Net Carbon Footprint (NCF) targets over the next ten years. However  Shell’s operating plans cannot reflect our 2050 net-zero emissions target and 2035 NCF target  as these targets are currently outside our planning period. In the future  as society moves towards net-zero emissions  we expect Shell’s operating plans to reflect this movement. However  if society is not net zero in 2050  as of today  there would be significant risk that Shell may not meet this target.Forward Looking Non-GAAP measuresThis announcement may contain certain forward-looking non-GAAP measures such as cash capital expenditure and divestments. We are unable to provide a reconciliation of these forward-looking Non-GAAP measures to the most comparable GAAP financial measures because certain information needed to reconcile those Non-GAAP measures to the most comparable GAAP financial measures is dependent on future events some of which are outside the control of Shell  such as oil and gas prices  interest rates and exchange rates. Moreover  estimating such GAAP measures with the required precision necessary to provide a meaningful reconciliation is extremely difficult and could not be accomplished without unreasonable effort. Non-GAAP measures in respect of future periods which cannot be reconciled to the most comparable GAAP financial measure are calculated in a manner which is consistent with the accounting policies applied in Shell plc’s consolidated financial statements.The contents of websites referred to in this announcement do not form part of this announcement.We may have used certain terms  such as resources  in this announcement that the United States Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC) strictly prohibits us from including in our filings with the SEC. Investors are urged to consider closely the disclosure in our Form 20-F  File No 1-32575  available on the SEC website www.sec.gov .LEI number of Shell plc: 21380068P1DRHMJ8KU70Classification: Additional regulated information required to be disclosed under the laws of a Member State,neutral,0.01,0.98,0.02,negative,0.03,0.2,0.77,True,English,"['Shell Plc First Quarter', 'GBP Equivalent Dividend Payments', 'U.S. Private Securities Litigation Reform Act', 'Enquiries Shell Media Relations International', 'first quarter 2022 interim dividend', 'different currency election date', 'Dutch dividend withholding tax', 'euro equivalent dividend payments', 'three dealing days', 'sterling currency elections', 'Dividend Access Mechanism', 'market exchange rates', 'indirect ownership interest', 'pound sterling rate', 'former A shares', 'former B shares', 'separate legal entities', 'unincorporated joint arrangement', 'securities account', 'Shell Corporate Nominee', 'nominee arrangement', 'euro rate', 'tax residence', 'tax treatment', 'tax advisor', 'valid election', 'election deadline', 'unincorporated arrangements', 'cash dividend', 'third-party interest', 'market risks', 'joint ventures', 'joint arrangements', 'Shell interest', 'The Board', 'ordinary share', 'US dollars', 'Euroclear Nederland', 'uncertificated form', 'financial institution', 'financial intermediary', 'useful purpose', 'significant influence', 'financial condition', 'historical fact', 'other things', 'potential exposure', 'pounds sterling', 'joint operations', 'Shell plc', 'future expectations', 'current expectations', 'unknown risks', 'joint control', 'sterling dividends', 'CAUTIONARY NOTE', 'particular entity', 'Forward-Looking Statements', 'actual results', 'CREST members', 'Shell Group', 'Shell companies', 'other shareholders', 'Shell subsidiaries', 'June', 'respect', 'May', 'euros', 'contrary', 'persons', 'ADVERTISEMENT', 'average', 'names', 'Register', 'Taxation', 'UK', 'bank', 'broker', 'Americas', 'investments', 'announcement', 'convenience', 'references', 'words', 'terms', 'associates', 'exclusion', 'meaning', 'businesses', 'management', 'assumptions', 'uncertainties', 'performance', 'events', 'beliefs', 'estimates', 'forecasts', 'projections', 'phrases', 'aim', 'ambition', 'goals', 'milestones', 'objectives', 'outlook', 'plan']",2022-06-13,2022-06-13,apnews.com
6356,Euroclear,Twitter API,Twitter,@rejotalin @ibexsalad Fine. But Euroclear (and the german banks) have some kind of fixation on fax for some reason.,nan,@rejotalin @ibexsalad Fine. But Euroclear (and the german banks) have some kind of fixation on fax for some reason.,mixed,0.48,0.11,0.41,mixed,0.48,0.11,0.41,True,English,"['ibexsalad Fine', 'german banks', 'rejotalin', 'Euroclear', 'kind', 'fixation', 'fax', 'reason', 'ibexsalad Fine', 'german banks', 'rejotalin', 'Euroclear', 'kind', 'fixation', 'fax', 'reason']",2022-06-13,2022-06-13,Unknown
6357,Euroclear,Twitter API,Twitter,@Alea_ @ibexsalad This is not an issue  it is because their platform that not allow us to do Euroclear transactions… https://t.co/bGb61uyTw7,nan,@Alea_ @ibexsalad This is not an issue  it is because their platform that not allow us to do Euroclear transactions… https://t.co/bGb61uyTw7,negative,0.02,0.2,0.78,negative,0.02,0.2,0.78,True,English,"['Euroclear transactions', 'issue', 'platform', 'bGb61uyTw7', 'Euroclear transactions', 'issue', 'platform', 'bGb61uyTw7']",2022-06-13,2022-06-13,Unknown
6358,Euroclear,Twitter API,Twitter,@ibexsalad @rejotalin Euroclear requires email or fax for legal opinions on new issues.,nan,@ibexsalad @rejotalin Euroclear requires email or fax for legal opinions on new issues.,neutral,0.02,0.93,0.05,neutral,0.02,0.93,0.05,True,English,"['rejotalin Euroclear', 'legal opinions', 'new issues', 'ibexsalad', 'email', 'fax', 'rejotalin Euroclear', 'legal opinions', 'new issues', 'ibexsalad', 'email', 'fax']",2022-06-13,2022-06-13,Unknown
6359,Euroclear,Twitter API,Twitter,@ibexsalad I can tell you that JP Morgan requests a fax letter  in 2022  after the pandemic  to settle Euroclear tr… https://t.co/GkrkoewsWz,nan,@ibexsalad I can tell you that JP Morgan requests a fax letter  in 2022  after the pandemic  to settle Euroclear tr… https://t.co/GkrkoewsWz,negative,0.03,0.46,0.51,negative,0.03,0.46,0.51,True,English,"['JP Morgan', 'fax letter', 'Euroclear tr', 'ibexsalad', 'pandemic', 'GkrkoewsWz', 'JP Morgan', 'fax letter', 'Euroclear tr', 'ibexsalad', 'pandemic', 'GkrkoewsWz']",2022-06-13,2022-06-13,Unknown
6360,Euroclear,Twitter API,Twitter,Farmers turn to banks  fintechs to address wilting profits #AAA Websites Euroclear Fintech https://t.co/xHRGgrfKqP #regtech,nan,Farmers turn to banks  fintechs to address wilting profits #AAA Websites Euroclear Fintech https://t.co/xHRGgrfKqP #regtech,neutral,0.04,0.8,0.16,neutral,0.04,0.8,0.16,True,English,"['wilting profits', 'Farmers', 'banks', 'fintechs', 'xHRGgrfKqP', 'regtech', 'wilting profits', 'Farmers', 'banks', 'fintechs', 'xHRGgrfKqP', 'regtech']",2022-06-13,2022-06-13,Unknown
6361,Euroclear,Twitter API,Twitter,The ‘visionary’ behind a tech-savvy commercial bank #AAA Websites Euroclear Fintech https://t.co/fHfPoYROtt #regtech,nan,The ‘visionary’ behind a tech-savvy commercial bank #AAA Websites Euroclear Fintech https://t.co/fHfPoYROtt #regtech,neutral,0.04,0.93,0.03,neutral,0.04,0.93,0.03,True,English,"['tech-savvy commercial bank', 'visionary', 'Fintech', 'fHfPoYROtt', 'regtech', 'tech-savvy commercial bank', 'visionary', 'Fintech', 'fHfPoYROtt', 'regtech']",2022-06-13,2022-06-13,Unknown
6362,Euroclear,Twitter API,Twitter,Blockchain-based trade finance platform https://t.co/vauY9G83pp shuts shop #AAA Websites Euroclear Fintech https://t.co/qbBCM0l6nJ #regtech,nan,Blockchain-based trade finance platform https://t.co/vauY9G83pp shuts shop #AAA Websites Euroclear Fintech https://t.co/qbBCM0l6nJ #regtech,neutral,0.01,0.97,0.02,neutral,0.01,0.97,0.02,True,English,"['Blockchain-based trade finance platform', 'vauY9G83pp', 'shop', 'Fintech', 'qbBCM0l6nJ', 'regtech', 'Blockchain-based trade finance platform', 'vauY9G83pp', 'shop', 'Fintech', 'qbBCM0l6nJ', 'regtech']",2022-06-13,2022-06-13,Unknown
6363,Euroclear,Twitter API,Twitter,ComplyAdvantage appoints ex-WorldRemit head as CTO #AAA Websites Euroclear Fintech https://t.co/0WIklzkyAW #regtech,nan,ComplyAdvantage appoints ex-WorldRemit head as CTO #AAA Websites Euroclear Fintech https://t.co/0WIklzkyAW #regtech,neutral,0.02,0.96,0.03,neutral,0.02,0.96,0.03,True,English,"['CTO #AAA Websites Euroclear', 'WorldRemit head', 'ComplyAdvantage', 'Fintech', '0WIklzkyAW', 'regtech', 'CTO #AAA Websites Euroclear', 'WorldRemit head', 'ComplyAdvantage', 'Fintech', '0WIklzkyAW', 'regtech']",2022-06-13,2022-06-13,Unknown
6364,Euroclear,Twitter API,Twitter,New trade finance bank Neotrade launches in the UK #AAA Websites Euroclear Fintech https://t.co/YsC469OhCP #regtech,nan,New trade finance bank Neotrade launches in the UK #AAA Websites Euroclear Fintech https://t.co/YsC469OhCP #regtech,neutral,0.01,0.98,0.01,neutral,0.01,0.98,0.01,True,English,"['New trade finance bank', 'Neotrade', 'UK', 'Fintech', 'YsC469OhCP', 'regtech', 'New trade finance bank', 'Neotrade', 'UK', 'Fintech', 'YsC469OhCP', 'regtech']",2022-06-13,2022-06-13,Unknown
6365,Euroclear,Twitter API,Twitter,New bank alternative  Fluid Finance  launches “revolutionary global super-app” #AAA Websites Euroclear Fintech… https://t.co/MjVwKQoybQ,nan,New bank alternative  Fluid Finance  launches “revolutionary global super-app” #AAA Websites Euroclear Fintech… https://t.co/MjVwKQoybQ,neutral,0.04,0.95,0.02,neutral,0.04,0.95,0.02,True,English,"['New bank alternative', 'revolutionary global super-app', 'Fluid Finance', 'Fintech', 'MjVwKQoybQ', 'New bank alternative', 'revolutionary global super-app', 'Fluid Finance', 'Fintech', 'MjVwKQoybQ']",2022-06-13,2022-06-13,Unknown
6366,Euroclear,Twitter API,Twitter,Fleetcor to acquire cross-border paytech Global Reach #AAA Websites Euroclear Fintech https://t.co/PTN7OjMp5i #regtech,nan,Fleetcor to acquire cross-border paytech Global Reach #AAA Websites Euroclear Fintech https://t.co/PTN7OjMp5i #regtech,neutral,0.01,0.99,0.01,neutral,0.01,0.99,0.01,True,English,"['cross-border paytech Global Reach', 'Fleetcor', 'Fintech', 'PTN7OjMp5i', 'regtech', 'cross-border paytech Global Reach', 'Fleetcor', 'Fintech', 'PTN7OjMp5i', 'regtech']",2022-06-13,2022-06-13,Unknown
6367,Euroclear,Twitter API,Twitter,ICICI Bank partners ZestMoney to expand “cardless EMI” facility #AAA Websites Euroclear Fintech https://t.co/c5WNyJ2tJ3 #regtech,nan,ICICI Bank partners ZestMoney to expand “cardless EMI” facility #AAA Websites Euroclear Fintech https://t.co/c5WNyJ2tJ3 #regtech,neutral,0.01,0.98,0.01,neutral,0.01,0.98,0.01,True,English,"['ICICI Bank partners', 'cardless EMI” facility', 'ZestMoney', 'Fintech', 'c5WNyJ2tJ3', 'regtech', 'ICICI Bank partners', 'cardless EMI” facility', 'ZestMoney', 'Fintech', 'c5WNyJ2tJ3', 'regtech']",2022-06-13,2022-06-13,Unknown
6368,Euroclear,Twitter API,Twitter,Ready for Web3 crypto security? #AAA Websites Euroclear Fintech https://t.co/IMotJ2ru5E #regtech,nan,Ready for Web3 crypto security? #AAA Websites Euroclear Fintech https://t.co/IMotJ2ru5E #regtech,neutral,0.08,0.91,0.01,neutral,0.08,0.91,0.01,True,English,"['Web3 crypto security', 'Fintech', 'IMotJ2ru5E', 'regtech', 'Web3 crypto security', 'Fintech', 'IMotJ2ru5E', 'regtech']",2022-06-13,2022-06-13,Unknown
6369,Clearstream,Google API,https://www.defenseworld.net/2022/06/13/deutsche-borse-ag-otcmktsdboey-sees-significant-decline-in-short-interest.html,Deutsche Börse AG (OTCMKTS:DBOEY) Sees Significant Decline in Short Interest,9 hours ago,Deutsche Börse AG (OTCMKTS:DBOEY – Get Rating) was the target of a large decline in short interest in the month of May. As of May 31st  there was short interest totalling 10 200 shares  a decline of 41.7% from the May 15th total of 17 500 shares. Based on an average trading volume of 346 300 shares  the short-interest ratio is presently 0.0 days.DBOEY opened at $15.92 on Monday. The firm has a fifty day moving average price of $17.30 and a 200 day moving average price of $17.05. Deutsche Börse has a 1 year low of $14.77 and a 1 year high of $18.44. The stock has a market cap of $30.25 billion  a P/E ratio of 19.41  a P/E/G ratio of 1.67 and a beta of 0.77.Get Deutsche Börse alerts:The company also recently announced a dividend  which was paid on Tuesday  June 7th. Investors of record on Friday  May 20th were paid a $0.2282 dividend. This represents a dividend yield of 1.35%. The ex-dividend date was Thursday  May 19th. Deutsche Börse’s dividend payout ratio is currently 26.83%.Several analysts have commented on DBOEY shares. Deutsche Bank Aktiengesellschaft lifted their price objective on shares of Deutsche Börse from €185.00 ($198.92) to €193.00 ($207.53) and gave the company a “buy” rating in a research note on Friday  April 29th. Morgan Stanley lifted their price objective on shares of Deutsche Börse to €191.00 ($205.38) in a research note on Wednesday  April 20th. UBS Group lifted their price objective on shares of Deutsche Börse from €175.00 ($188.17) to €180.00 ($193.55) in a research note on Tuesday  February 22nd. Exane BNP Paribas upgraded shares of Deutsche Börse from a “neutral” rating to an “outperform” rating and set a €180.00 ($193.55) price objective for the company in a research note on Tuesday  March 15th. Finally  Credit Suisse Group lifted their price objective on shares of Deutsche Börse from €164.00 ($176.34) to €172.00 ($184.95) and gave the company a “neutral” rating in a research note on Thursday  May 5th. Four research analysts have rated the stock with a hold rating and four have issued a buy rating to the stock. According to MarketBeat.com  Deutsche Börse has a consensus rating of “Buy” and an average target price of $176.57.About Deutsche Börse (Get Rating)Deutsche Börse AG operates as an exchange organization in Europe  the United States  and the Asia-Pacific. The company operates through seven segments: Eurex (Financial Derivatives)  EEX (Commodities)  360T (Foreign Exchange)  Xetra (Cash Equities)  Clearstream (Post-Trading)  IFS (Investment Fund Services)  and Qontigo (index and analytics business).See AlsoReceive News & Ratings for Deutsche Börse Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Deutsche Börse and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.,neutral,0.03,0.7,0.27,negative,0.01,0.2,0.78,True,English,"['Deutsche Börse AG', 'Significant Decline', 'Short Interest', 'OTCMKTS', 'DBOEY', 'fifty day moving average price', '200 day moving average price', 'FREE daily email newsletter', 'Deutsche Börse AG', 'Deutsche Börse alerts', 'Deutsche Börse Daily', 'average trading volume', 'concise daily summary', 'Deutsche Bank Aktiengesellschaft', 'Exane BNP Paribas', 'Investment Fund Services', 'Credit Suisse Group', 'average target price', 'May 15th total', 'Four research analysts', 'dividend payout ratio', 'email address', 'price objective', 'UBS Group', 'short-interest ratio', 'P/E ratio', 'P/E/G ratio', 'research note', 'Get Rating', 'short interest', 'market cap', 'ex-dividend date', 'Several analysts', 'Morgan Stanley', 'neutral” rating', 'outperform” rating', 'hold rating', 'consensus rating', 'exchange organization', 'United States', 'seven segments', 'Financial Derivatives', 'Foreign Exchange', 'Cash Equities', 'analytics business', 'related companies', 'May 31st', 'May 20th', 'dividend yield', 'OTCMKTS:DBOEY', 'buy” rating', 'buy rating', 'large decline', '1 year low', 'latest news', 'MarketBeat.com', 'DBOEY shares', '$0.2282 dividend', '10,200 shares', '17,500 shares', '346,300 shares', 'month', 'Monday', 'firm', 'stock', 'beta', 'company', 'Tuesday', 'June', 'Investors', 'record', 'Friday', 'Thursday', 'April', 'Wednesday', 'February', 'March', 'Europe', 'Asia-Pacific', 'Eurex', 'EEX', 'Commodities', '360T', 'Xetra', 'Clearstream', 'Post-Trading', 'IFS', 'Qontigo', 'index', 'Ratings', '0.0', '€']",2022-06-13,2022-06-13,defenseworld.net
6370,Clearstream,Google API,https://hightimbertimes.com/news/peripheral-vascular-devices-market-rising-share-and-driving-factor-for-overall-development-2022-2032-medtronic-inc-angiomed-gmbh-co-medizintechnik-kg/7735/,Peripheral Vascular Devices Market Rising Share and Driving Factor for Overall Development [2022-2032],9 hours ago,The latest Global Peripheral Vascular Devices Market research report 2022 provides detailed information about the market overview  prevalent trends  demand  and recent developments impacting the market growth during the upcoming years. The Peripheral Vascular Devices market report also covers the market size  share  potential growth  and market strategy followed by prominent players. This report also includes profiles for major companies within the market. The report focuses on the Peripheral Vascular Devices Market size  segment share (product type  application  and geography)  competitive intelligence  recent trends and much more. Moreover  Peripheral Vascular Devices Market is analyzed by region  type  and application  with sales and revenue  from 2022 to 2032. The report covers growth prospects over the coming years.Free Sample Report with Report Structure @ https://www.insightslice.com/request-sample/791Competitive ScenarioThe competitive scenario provides an outlook analysis of the various business growth strategies adopted by the industry participants. The competition intelligence represents relevant news of the companies categorized into Merger & Acquisition  Agreement  Collaboration  & Partnership  New Product Launch & Enhancement  Investment & Funding  and Award  Recognition  & Expansion. All the news collected help vendor to understand the gaps in the industry place and competitor’s strength and weakness thereby  providing insights to enhance product and service.Company Usability ProfilesThe report profoundly explores the recent significant developments by the leading vendors and innovation profiles in the Global Peripheral Vascular Devices Industry  including Medtronic Inc.  Angiomed GmbH Co. Medizintechnik KG  Abbott Laboratories Vascular Enterprises Limited  Terumo Corporation  Endologix Inc.  William Cook Europe ApS  Bolton Medical Inc.  Jotec GmbH  ClearStream Technologies Ltd.  Aesculap AG  Bosto  and others.Global Peripheral Vascular Devices Market: Drivers and RestrainsThe research report has incorporated analysis of different factors that augment the market’s growth. It focuses on trends  restraints  and drivers that transform the market in either a positive or negative manner. The detailed information is based on current trends and historic milestones.A thorough assessment of the influencing factors included in the report portrays the real time situation in market. Factors that surpass the market growth are pivotal as they can be understood to devise different moves for getting hold of the lucrative opportunities that are present in the ever-growing market.we offer customized reports as per your research objective at discounted price. Please let us know If you have any custom needs. For More Information or Query or Customization Before Buying  Visit @ https://www.insightslice.com/request-customization/791The report is designed to be an effective tool that market players and new entrants can refer to gain a competitive edge over and ensure lasting success in the global Peripheral Vascular Devices market. All of the findings  data  and information provided in the report are validated and revalidated with the help of dependable sources. The analysts have followed a robust methodology for an in-depth study of the global Peripheral Vascular Devices market.Global Peripheral Vascular Devices Market: Segment AnalysisSegmental Analysis:Geographic Segment Covered in the Report:North AmericaEuropeAsia PacificMiddle East & AfricaSouth AmericaThe study objectives of this report are:» To study and analyze the global Peripheral Vascular Devices market size (value and volume) by company  key regions/countries  history data and forecast.» To understand the structure of the Peripheral Vascular Devices market by identifying its various sub-segments.» To share detailed information about the key factors influencing the growth of the market (growth potential  opportunities  drivers  industry-specific challenges and risks).» Focuses on the key global Peripheral Vascular Devices manufacturers  to define  describe and analyze the market share  market competition landscape in present times.» To analyze the Peripheral Vascular Devices with respect to individual growth trends  future prospects  and their contribution to the total market.» To project the value and volume of Peripheral Vascular Devices submarkets  with respect to key regions (along with their respective key countries).» To analyze competitive developments such as expansions  agreements  new product launches  and acquisitions in the market.» To strategically profile the key players and comprehensively analyze their growth strategies.The report answers questions such as:1. What is the industry size and forecast of the Global Peripheral Vascular Devices Industry?2. What are the inhibiting factors and impact of COVID-19 shaping the Global Peripheral Vascular Devices Industry during the forecast period?3. Which are the products/segments/applications/areas to invest in over the forecast period in the Global Peripheral Vascular Devices Industry?4. How is the competition intensity in the Global Peripheral Vascular Devices Industry?5. What are the technology trends and regulatory frameworks in the Global Peripheral Vascular Devices Industry?6. What is the industry share of the leading vendors in the Global Peripheral Vascular Devices Industry?7. What modes and strategic moves are considered suitable for entering the Global Peripheral Vascular Devices Industry?* Get 10% Discount on Your Direct Purchase *Purchase Complete [email protected] https://www.insightslice.com/buy-nowith791About Us:We are a team of research analysts and management consultants who share a common vision to help individuals and organizations achieve their short-term and long-term strategic goals by expanding high-quality research services. insightSLICE was established to support mature companies  start-ups and non-profit organizations in various industries  including packaging  automotive  healthcare  chemicals and materials  industrial automation  consumer products  electronics and semiconductors  IT and telecommunications  and energy. Our internally experienced team of analysts has extensive experience in the research industry.Contact:Alex[email protected]+1 (707) 736 6633422 Lark Center # 1001  Santa Rosa California – 95403-1408  USALinkedin|Twitter,neutral,0.01,0.98,0.01,positive,0.63,0.24,0.13,True,English,"['Peripheral Vascular Devices Market', 'Rising Share', 'Driving Factor', 'Overall Development', 'latest Global Peripheral Vascular Devices Market research report', 'key global Peripheral Vascular Devices manufacturers', 'global Peripheral Vascular Devices market size', 'The Peripheral Vascular Devices market report', 'Abbott Laboratories Vascular Enterprises Limited', 'Global Peripheral Vascular Devices Industry', 'Angiomed GmbH Co. Medizintechnik KG', 'Peripheral Vascular Devices submarkets', 'William Cook Europe ApS', 'various business growth strategies', 'ClearStream Technologies Ltd', 'real time situation', 'respective key countries', 'market competition landscape', 'Bolton Medical Inc.', 'New Product Launch', 'recent significant developments', 'industry size', 'individual growth trends', 'Free Sample Report', 'Company Usability Profiles', 'research objective', 'industry participants', 'industry place', 'Jotec GmbH', 'market growth', 'market overview', 'market strategy', 'growing market', 'market players', 'total market', 'various sub-segments', 'key regions/countries', 'key players', 'market share', 'recent developments', 'new entrants', 'key factors', 'competition intelligence', 'recent trends', 'Medtronic Inc.', 'Endologix Inc.', 'competitive developments', 'potential growth', 'growth prospects', 'growth potential', 'prevalent trends', 'upcoming years', 'prominent players', 'competitive intelligence', 'Competitive Scenario', 'leading vendors', 'innovation profiles', 'Terumo Corporation', 'Aesculap AG', 'negative manner', 'current trends', 'historic milestones', 'thorough assessment', 'different moves', 'customized reports', 'custom needs', 'effective tool', 'competitive edge', 'lasting success', 'dependable sources', 'robust methodology', 'depth study', 'Geographic Segment', 'North America', 'Asia Pacific', 'Middle East', 'South America', 'study objectives', 'industry-specific challenges', 'present times', 'future prospects', 'detailed information', 'different factors', 'influencing factors', 'More Information', 'inhibiting factors', 'product type', 'outlook analysis', 'Segment Analysis', 'Segmental Analysis', 'segment share', 'Report Structure', 'major companies', 'relevant news', 'lucrative opportunities', 'history data', 'forecast period', 'demand', 'application', 'geography', 'sales', 'revenue', 'insightslice', 'request', 'Merger', 'Acquisition', 'Agreement', 'Collaboration', 'Partnership', 'Enhancement', 'Investment', 'Funding', 'Award', 'Recognition', 'Expansion', 'gaps', 'competitor', 'strength', 'weakness', 'service', 'Bosto', 'others', 'Drivers', 'Restrains', 'restraints', 'positive', 'hold', 'discounted', 'price', 'Query', 'Customization', 'Buying', 'findings', 'help', 'analysts', 'Africa', 'value', 'volume', 'risks', 'contribution', 'questions', 'impact', 'COVID', 'products/segments']",2022-06-13,2022-06-13,hightimbertimes.com
6371,Clearstream,Twitter API,Twitter,📊 #MonthlyResults Discover #Clearstream's May results here.  https://t.co/EoJcxPr3r4 https://t.co/sFAcWSiveC,nan,📊 #MonthlyResults Discover #Clearstream's May results here.  https://t.co/EoJcxPr3r4 https://t.co/sFAcWSiveC,neutral,0.03,0.96,0.01,neutral,0.03,0.96,0.01,True,English,"['May results', 'sFAcWSiveC', 'May results', 'sFAcWSiveC']",2022-06-13,2022-06-13,Unknown
6372,Clearstream,Twitter API,Twitter,Alternatives To Clearstream - https://t.co/ISZDWsMLsB https://t.co/GlWCYuPbs4,nan,Alternatives To Clearstream - https://t.co/ISZDWsMLsB https://t.co/GlWCYuPbs4,neutral,0.02,0.97,0.01,neutral,0.02,0.97,0.01,True,English,"['Alternatives', 'Clearstream', 'ISZDWsMLsB', 'GlWCYuPbs4', 'Alternatives', 'Clearstream', 'ISZDWsMLsB', 'GlWCYuPbs4']",2022-06-13,2022-06-13,Unknown
6373,Deutsche Boerse,Google API,https://mondovisione.com/media-and-resources/news/deutsche-brse-group-business-indicators-for-may-2022/,Deutsche Börse Group: Business Indicators For May 2022,1 hour ago,Please find attached a summary of Deutsche Börse Group's business indicators for May 2022.The attached Excel file 'Major business figures' contains historic business indicators for the respective reporting segments.Deutsche Börse Group Monthly Figures in Graphics May 2022The statistics can also be found on the Deutsche Boerse website:Trading Statistics,neutral,0.03,0.95,0.02,neutral,0.02,0.96,0.02,True,English,"['Deutsche Börse Group', 'Business Indicators', 'May', 'Deutsche Börse Group', 'Deutsche Boerse website', 'attached Excel file', 'respective reporting segments', 'Major business figures', 'historic business indicators', 'Monthly Figures', 'Trading Statistics', 'summary', 'May', 'Graphics']",2022-06-13,2022-06-13,mondovisione.com
6374,Deutsche Boerse,Bing API,https://www.defenseworld.net/2022/06/13/deutsche-borse-ag-otcmktsdboey-sees-significant-decline-in-short-interest.html,Deutsche Börse AG (OTCMKTS:DBOEY) Sees Significant Decline in Short Interest,Deutsche Börse AG (OTCMKTS:DBOEY – Get Rating) was the target of a large decline in short interest in the month of May. As of May 31st  there was short interest totalling 10 200 shares  a decline of 41.,Deutsche Börse AG (OTCMKTS:DBOEY – Get Rating) was the target of a large decline in short interest in the month of May. As of May 31st  there was short interest totalling 10 200 shares  a decline of 41.7% from the May 15th total of 17 500 shares. Based on an average trading volume of 346 300 shares  the short-interest ratio is presently 0.0 days.DBOEY opened at $15.92 on Monday. The firm has a fifty day moving average price of $17.30 and a 200 day moving average price of $17.05. Deutsche Börse has a 1 year low of $14.77 and a 1 year high of $18.44. The stock has a market cap of $30.25 billion  a P/E ratio of 19.41  a P/E/G ratio of 1.67 and a beta of 0.77.Get Deutsche Börse alerts:The company also recently announced a dividend  which was paid on Tuesday  June 7th. Investors of record on Friday  May 20th were paid a $0.2282 dividend. This represents a dividend yield of 1.35%. The ex-dividend date was Thursday  May 19th. Deutsche Börse’s dividend payout ratio is currently 26.83%.Several analysts have commented on DBOEY shares. Deutsche Bank Aktiengesellschaft lifted their price objective on shares of Deutsche Börse from €185.00 ($198.92) to €193.00 ($207.53) and gave the company a “buy” rating in a research note on Friday  April 29th. Morgan Stanley lifted their price objective on shares of Deutsche Börse to €191.00 ($205.38) in a research note on Wednesday  April 20th. UBS Group lifted their price objective on shares of Deutsche Börse from €175.00 ($188.17) to €180.00 ($193.55) in a research note on Tuesday  February 22nd. Exane BNP Paribas upgraded shares of Deutsche Börse from a “neutral” rating to an “outperform” rating and set a €180.00 ($193.55) price objective for the company in a research note on Tuesday  March 15th. Finally  Credit Suisse Group lifted their price objective on shares of Deutsche Börse from €164.00 ($176.34) to €172.00 ($184.95) and gave the company a “neutral” rating in a research note on Thursday  May 5th. Four research analysts have rated the stock with a hold rating and four have issued a buy rating to the stock. According to MarketBeat.com  Deutsche Börse has a consensus rating of “Buy” and an average target price of $176.57.About Deutsche Börse (Get Rating)Deutsche Börse AG operates as an exchange organization in Europe  the United States  and the Asia-Pacific. The company operates through seven segments: Eurex (Financial Derivatives)  EEX (Commodities)  360T (Foreign Exchange)  Xetra (Cash Equities)  Clearstream (Post-Trading)  IFS (Investment Fund Services)  and Qontigo (index and analytics business).See AlsoReceive News & Ratings for Deutsche Börse Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Deutsche Börse and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.,neutral,0.03,0.7,0.27,negative,0.01,0.2,0.78,True,English,"['Deutsche Börse AG', 'Significant Decline', 'Short Interest', 'OTCMKTS', 'DBOEY', 'fifty day moving average price', '200 day moving average price', 'FREE daily email newsletter', 'Deutsche Börse AG', 'Deutsche Börse alerts', 'Deutsche Börse Daily', 'average trading volume', 'concise daily summary', 'Deutsche Bank Aktiengesellschaft', 'Exane BNP Paribas', 'Investment Fund Services', 'Credit Suisse Group', 'average target price', 'May 15th total', 'Four research analysts', 'dividend payout ratio', 'email address', 'price objective', 'UBS Group', 'short-interest ratio', 'P/E ratio', 'P/E/G ratio', 'research note', 'Get Rating', 'short interest', 'market cap', 'ex-dividend date', 'Several analysts', 'Morgan Stanley', 'neutral” rating', 'outperform” rating', 'hold rating', 'consensus rating', 'exchange organization', 'United States', 'seven segments', 'Financial Derivatives', 'Foreign Exchange', 'Cash Equities', 'analytics business', 'related companies', 'May 31st', 'May 20th', 'dividend yield', 'OTCMKTS:DBOEY', 'buy” rating', 'buy rating', 'large decline', '1 year low', 'latest news', 'MarketBeat.com', 'DBOEY shares', '$0.2282 dividend', '10,200 shares', '17,500 shares', '346,300 shares', 'month', 'Monday', 'firm', 'stock', 'beta', 'company', 'Tuesday', 'June', 'Investors', 'record', 'Friday', 'Thursday', 'April', 'Wednesday', 'February', 'March', 'Europe', 'Asia-Pacific', 'Eurex', 'EEX', 'Commodities', '360T', 'Xetra', 'Clearstream', 'Post-Trading', 'IFS', 'Qontigo', 'index', 'Ratings', '0.0', '€']",2022-06-13,2022-06-13,defenseworld.net
6375,Deutsche Boerse,Twitter API,Twitter,Deutsche Börse  HQLAx Report ‘Significant Progress’ on Blockchain Securities Lending Platform . Deutsche Börse  HQL… https://t.co/ToyDdn9CG0,nan,Deutsche Börse  HQLAx Report ‘Significant Progress’ on Blockchain Securities Lending Platform . Deutsche Börse  HQL… https://t.co/ToyDdn9CG0,neutral,0.03,0.94,0.02,neutral,0.03,0.94,0.02,True,English,"['Blockchain Securities Lending Platform', 'Deutsche Börse', 'HQLAx Report', 'Significant Progress', 'ToyDdn9CG0', 'Blockchain Securities Lending Platform', 'Deutsche Börse', 'HQLAx Report', 'Significant Progress', 'ToyDdn9CG0']",2022-06-11,2022-06-13,Unknown
6376,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/oxurion-announces-two-presentations-macula-170000443.html,Oxurion Announces Two Presentations at The Macula Society 45th Annual Meeting,Leuven  BELGIUM  Boston  MA  US – JUNE 13  2022 – Oxurion NV (Euronext Brussels: OXUR)  a biopharmaceutical company developing next generation standard of...,Oxurion NVLeuven  BELGIUM  Boston  MA  US – JUNE 13  2022 – Oxurion NV (Euronext Brussels: OXUR)  a biopharmaceutical company developing next generation standard of care ophthalmic therapies  with clinical stage assets in vascular retinal disorders  today announced that two presentations were delivered at The Macula Society 45th Annual Meeting  June 8 -11  2022 in Berlin  Germany.The Macula Society presentations are available under Conferences and Events within the Investors section of the Company’s website.TITLE: KALAHARI: Part A Results of the Phase 2 Study of THR-149  a Plasma Kallikrein Inhibitor  in Subjects with DME Responding Sub optimally to anti-VEGF TreatmentPRESENTER: Shree K. Kurup  MD  Dept. of Ophthalmology  University Hospitals  Cleveland  OHSUMMARY:Multiple IVT injections (up to 3) of THR-149 (0.01  0.04  0.13 mg) are safe and well-toleratedIn the high dose group: A mean BCVA gain of 6.1 letters was seen at Month 3  with gains observed up to Month 6 as well as CST stabilization over the 6-month study period compared to Baseline No need for rescue treatment Post-hoc analysis  excluding 2 subjects with abnormalities on OCT  showed a mean gain in BCVA of 9.3 letters at Month 3  which was maintained up to Month 6THR-149 is a potent plasma kallikrein inhibitor being developed as a potential new standard of care for the up to 50% of diabetic macular edema (DME) patients showing suboptimal response to anti-VEGF therapy. Oxurion is evaluating THR-149 for the treatment of DME in Part B  the second part of its two-part Phase 2 KALAHARI trial.TITLE: THR-687  a Potent and Highly Selective RGD Integrin Inhibitor in Development for the Treatment of Diabetic Macular EdemaPRESENTER: Francesco Bandello  Professor and Chairman of the Department of Ophthalmology  VitaSalute  Milan  ItalySUMMARY:Study population was representative of treatment naïve DME patients based on the CRC feedback on OCT at BLMean BL BCVA and CST values were aligned with naïve DME studies for other compoundsThere was insufficient evidence of efficacy on the key endpoints (BCVA and CST)THR-687 is safe and well toleratedNo rescue medication was administered to any of the subjectsThe ocular AEs are consistent with the progressive nature of DME  no toxic drug effects occurredStory continuesTHR-687 is a highly selective pan-RGD integrin antagonist that Oxurion had been developing as a first line therapy for DME patients. Recently released data from Part A  the first part of its two-part Phase 2 INTEGRAL trial showed THR-687 to be safe and well tolerated with no serious adverse events and none of the patients requiring rescue medication through Month 3  however  there was insufficient evidence of efficacy on the key endpoints (Best-Corrected Visual Acuity and Central Subfield Thickness). As a result  Oxurion has decided not to advance THR-687 to Part B of the INTEGRAL trial.About OxurionOxurion (Euronext Brussels: OXUR) is a biopharmaceutical company developing next generation standard of care ophthalmic therapies  which are designed to improve and better preserve vision in patients with retinal disorders including diabetic macular edema (DME)  the leading cause of vision loss in working-age people  as well as other conditions. Oxurion intends to play an important role in the treatment of retinal disorders  including the successful development of THR-149  its novel therapeutic for the treatment of DME. THR-149 is a potent plasma kallikrein inhibitor being developed as a potential new standard of care for the up to 50% of DME patients showing suboptimal response to anti-VEGF therapy. Oxurion is headquartered in Leuven  Belgium  with corporate operations in Boston  MA. More information is available at www.oxurion.com.For more information  please contact:Oxurion NVTom GraneyChief Executive OfficerTel: +32 16 75 13 10tom.graney@oxurion.comMichaël DillenChief Business OfficerTel: +32 16 75 13 10michael.dillen@oxurion.com USConway CommunicationsBeth Kurthbkurth@conwaycommsir.comWestwicke  an ICR CompanyChristopher BrinzeyTel: +1 617 835 9304chris.brinzey@westwicke.comAttachment,neutral,0.02,0.96,0.02,mixed,0.24,0.17,0.59,True,English,"['The Macula Society', '45th Annual Meeting', 'Two Presentations', 'Oxurion', 'The Macula Society 45th Annual Meeting', 'Highly Selective RGD Integrin Inhibitor', 'The Macula Society presentations', 'selective pan-RGD integrin antagonist', 'treatment naïve DME patients', 'naïve DME studies', 'potent plasma kallikrein inhibitor', 'two-part Phase 2 INTEGRAL trial', 'two-part Phase 2 KALAHARI trial', 'next generation standard', 'clinical stage assets', 'Shree K. Kurup', 'Multiple IVT injections', 'high dose group', 'potential new standard', 'diabetic macular edema', 'toxic drug effects', 'Best-Corrected Visual Acuity', 'Central Subfield Thickness', 'Chief Executive Officer', 'Chief Business Officer', 'Beth Kurth bkurth', '6-month study period', 'care ophthalmic therapies', 'serious adverse events', 'Michaël Dillen', 'first line therapy', 'vascular retinal disorders', 'Part A Results', 'mean BCVA gain', 'Mean BL BCVA', 'Phase 2 Study', 'Oxurion NV Leuven', 'mean gain', 'two presentations', 'first part', 'anti-VEGF therapy', 'Study population', 'DME) patients', 'Euronext Brussels', 'Investors section', 'University Hospitals', 'Post-hoc analysis', 'suboptimal response', 'Part B', 'second part', 'Francesco Bandello', 'CRC feedback', 'other compounds', 'insufficient evidence', 'key endpoints', 'ocular AEs', 'progressive nature', 'leading cause', 'working-age people', 'other conditions', 'important role', 'novel therapeutic', 'corporate operations', 'Conway Communications', 'anti-VEGF Treatment', 'biopharmaceutical company', 'ICR Company', 'CST stabilization', 'CST values', 'rescue treatment', 'vision loss', 'successful development', 'More information', 'Christopher Brinzey', 'rescue medication', 'Tom Graney', 'BELGIUM', 'Boston', 'JUNE', 'Berlin', 'Germany', 'Conferences', 'website', 'TITLE', 'THR-149', 'Subjects', 'PRESENTER', 'MD', 'Dept.', 'Ophthalmology', 'Cleveland', 'OH', 'SUMMARY', '13 mg', '6.1 letters', 'gains', 'Baseline', 'need', 'abnormalities', 'OCT', '9.3 letters', 'Professor', 'Chairman', 'Department', 'VitaSalute', 'Milan', 'Italy', 'efficacy', 'Story', 'data', 'none', 'Tel', 'michael', 'Westwicke', 'Attachment', '87', '32']",2022-06-13,2022-06-13,finance.yahoo.com
6377,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20220613005579/en/ONWARD-Announces-New-Board-Appointment,ONWARD Announces New Board Appointment,EINDHOVEN  the Netherlands & LAUSANNE  Switzerland--(BUSINESS WIRE)--ONWARD Medical N.V. (Euronext: ONWD)  the medical technology company creating innovative therapies to restore movement  independence  and health in people with spinal cord injury  today anno…,EINDHOVEN  the Netherlands & LAUSANNE  Switzerland--(BUSINESS WIRE)--ONWARD Medical N.V. (Euronext: ONWD)  the medical technology company creating innovative therapies to restore movement  independence  and health in people with spinal cord injury  today announces the appointment of Kristina Dziekan to its Board of Directors.“Kristina strengthens our Board  bringing judgment and expertise needed for our next phase of growth ” said Dave Marver  CEO of ONWARD. “She has extensive experience in market access and reimbursement across global markets  and specific industry experience in neuromodulation. All of this will be important as we prepare to commercialize our breakthrough therapies in the US and Europe starting next year.”Ms. Dziekan is currently Head of Market Access  Government Affairs  and Tendering for Alcon’s Surgical Division in Europe. She previously served as Senior Global Reimbursement and Health Economics Director for Medtronic Neuromodulation and was also Health Outcomes Manager for GlaxoSmithKline in the UK and parts of Asia.She earned an MSc in Health Policy  Planning  and Financing from the London School of Economics  an MA in International Economics and European Studies from Johns Hopkins University  a BA in Philosophy  Politics  and Economics from Oxford University  and a Vordiplom in Business Administration and Economics from Georg August University.Ms. Dziekan was appointed to a four-year term during ONWARD’s Annual General Meeting  held 10 June 2022 in Amsterdam  the Netherlands.About ONWARDONWARD is a medical technology company creating innovative therapies to restore movement  independence  and health in people with spinal cord injuries. ONWARD’s work builds on more than a decade of basic science and preclinical research conducted at the world’s leading neuroscience laboratories. ONWARD’s ARC Therapy  which can be delivered by implantable (ARCIM) or external (ARCEX) systems  is designed to deliver targeted  programmed spinal cord stimulation to restore movement and other functions in people with spinal cord injury  ultimately improving their quality of life. ONWARD has received three Breakthrough Device Designations from the FDA encompassing both ARCIM and ARCEX. The Company’s first FDA pivotal trial  called Up-LIFT  completed enrollment in December 2021 with 65 subjects worldwide. It recently completed first-in-human use of its ARCIM neurostimulator in May 2022.ONWARD is headquartered at the High Tech Campus in Eindhoven  the Netherlands. It maintains a significant team in Lausanne  Switzerland and has a growing U.S. presence in Boston  Massachusetts  USA. For additional information about the Company  please visit ONWD.com. To access our 2022 Financial Calendar  please visit IR.ONWD.com.DisclaimerCertain statements  beliefs and opinions in this press release are forward-looking  which reflect the Company or  as appropriate  the Company directors’ current expectations and projections about future events. By their nature  forward-looking statements involve a number of risks  uncertainties and assumptions that could cause actual results or events to differ materially from those expressed or implied by the forward-looking statements. These risks  uncertainties and assumptions could adversely affect the outcome and financial effects of the plans and events described herein. A multitude of factors including  but not limited to  changes in demand  competition and technology  can cause actual events  performance or results to differ significantly from any anticipated development. Forward looking statements contained in this press release regarding past trends or activities should not be taken as a representation that such trends or activities will continue in the future. As a result  the Company expressly disclaims any obligation or undertaking to release any update or revisions to any forward-looking statements in this press release as a result of any change in expectations or any change in events  conditions  assumptions or circumstances on which these forward-looking statements are based. Neither the Company nor its advisers or representatives nor any of its subsidiary undertakings or any such person’s officers or employees guarantees that the assumptions underlying such forward-looking statements are free from errors nor does either accept any responsibility for the future accuracy of the forward-looking statements contained in this press release or the actual occurrence of the forecasted developments. You should not place undue reliance on forward-looking statements  which speak only as of the date of this press release.,neutral,0.04,0.94,0.03,negative,0.04,0.22,0.74,True,English,"['New Board Appointment', 'ONWARD', 'targeted, programmed spinal cord stimulation', 'growing U.S. presence', 'three Breakthrough Device Designations', 'first FDA pivotal trial', 'ONWARD Medical N.V.', 'spinal cord injury', 'spinal cord injuries', 'Annual General Meeting', 'leading neuroscience laboratories', 'High Tech Campus', 'Johns Hopkins University', 'Georg August University', 'specific industry experience', 'Health Outcomes Manager', 'external (ARCEX) systems', 'Senior Global Reimbursement', 'medical technology company', 'Health Economics Director', 'breakthrough therapies', 'Oxford University', 'extensive experience', 'global markets', 'BUSINESS WIRE', 'innovative therapies', 'next phase', 'Dave Marver', 'market access', 'Ms. Dziekan', 'Government Affairs', 'Surgical Division', 'Health Policy', 'London School', 'European Studies', 'Business Administration', 'four-year term', 'a decade', 'basic science', 'preclinical research', 'ARC Therapy', 'other functions', 'human use', 'significant team', 'additional information', '2022 Financial Calendar', 'press release', 'financial effects', 'subsidiary undertakings', 'actual occurrence', 'undue reliance', 'forward-looking statements', 'The Company', 'future accuracy', 'International Economics', 'Kristina Dziekan', 'Medtronic Neuromodulation', 'ARCIM neurostimulator', 'current expectations', 'actual results', 'past trends', 'actual events', 'future events', 'ONWARD.', 'EINDHOVEN', 'Netherlands', 'LAUSANNE', 'Switzerland', 'Euronext', 'ONWD', 'movement', 'independence', 'people', 'appointment', 'Board', 'Directors', 'judgment', 'expertise', 'growth', 'CEO', 'Head', 'Tendering', 'Alcon', 'GlaxoSmithKline', 'UK', 'parts', 'Asia', 'MSc', 'Planning', 'Financing', 'Philosophy', 'Politics', 'Vordiplom', 'Amsterdam', 'work', 'world', 'quality', 'life', 'enrollment', 'December', '65 subjects', 'May', 'Boston', 'Massachusetts', 'Disclaimer', 'beliefs', 'opinions', 'projections', 'nature', 'number', 'risks', 'uncertainties', 'assumptions', 'plans', 'multitude', 'factors', 'changes', 'demand', 'competition', 'performance', 'development', 'activities', 'representation', 'obligation', 'update', 'revisions', 'conditions', 'circumstances', 'advisers', 'representatives', 'person', 'officers', 'employees', 'errors', 'responsibility']",2022-06-13,2022-06-13,businesswire.com
6378,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/bic-disclosure-total-number-voting-161000333.html,BIC - Disclosure of total number of voting rights and number of shares forming the capital as of May 31  2022,FOR IMMEDIATE RELEASE Disclosure of total number of voting rights and number of shares forming the capitalas of May 31  2022 Clichy  France – 13 June 2022...,"Societe BICFOR IMMEDIATE RELEASEDisclosure of total number of voting rights and number of shares forming the capitalas of May 31  2022Clichy  France – 13 June 2022Article L 233-8-II of the French “Code de Commerce” and Article 223-16 of the GeneralRegulations of the French “Autorité des Marchés Financiers”.As of May 31  2022  the total number of issued shares of SOCIÉTÉ BIC is 44 677 929 shares  representing:65 726 152 voting rights 65 109 495 voting rights excluding shares without voting rightsABOUT BICA world leader in stationery  lighters and shavers  BIC brings simplicity and joy to everyday Life. For more than 75 years  the Company has honored the tradition of providing high-quality  affordable  essential products to consumers everywhere. Through this unwavering dedication  BIC has become one of the most recognized brands and is a trademark registered worldwide. Today  BIC products are sold in more than 160 countries around the world and feature iconic brands such as BIC Kids™  BIC FlexTM  BodyMark by BICTM  Cello®  Djeep  Lucky Stationery  Rocketbook  Soleil®  Tipp-Ex®  Us. TM  Wite-Out®  Inkbox and more. In 2021  BIC Net Sales were 1 831.9 million euros. The Company is listed on ""Euronext Paris"" "" is part of the SBF120 and CAC Mid 60 indexes and is recognized for its commitment to sustainable development and education. It received an A- Leadership score from CDP. For more  visit www.bic.com or follow us on LinkedIn  Instagram  Twitter  or YouTube.CONTACTSophie Palliez-CapianVP  Corporate Stakeholder Engagement+33 1 45 19 55 28+ 33 87 89 3351Sophie.palliez@bicworld.comMichèle VenturaSenior Manager  Investor Relations+ 33 1 45 19 52 98Michele.ventura@bicworld.com Albane de La Tour d’ArtaiseSenior Manager  Institutional Press Relations+ 33 1 45 19 51 51+ 33 7 85 88 19 48Albane.DeLaTourDArtaise@bicworld.comIsabelle de Segonzac Image 7+ 33 6 89 87 61 39isegonzac@image7.fr2022 AGENDAALL DATES TO BE CONFIRMEDStory continues1st Half 2022 Results August 2  2022 3rd Quarter 2022 Results October 27  2022Attachment",neutral,0.01,0.99,0.01,positive,0.56,0.36,0.08,True,English,"['voting rights', 'total number', 'BIC', 'Disclosure', 'shares', 'capital', 'May', 'French “Autorité des Marchés Financiers', 'high-quality, affordable, essential products', 'French “Code de', 'CAC Mid 60 indexes', 'A- Leadership score', 'Corporate Stakeholder Engagement', '1st Half 2022 Results', '3rd Quarter 2022 Results', 'Institutional Press Relations', 'Michèle Ventura', 'SOCIÉTÉ BIC', 'BIC Net Sales', 'BIC products', 'Investor Relations', 'Isabelle de', 'IMMEDIATE RELEASE', 'voting rights', 'everyday Life', 'unwavering dedication', 'recognized brands', 'iconic brands', 'Euronext Paris', 'sustainable development', 'Senior Manager', 'La Tour', 'Societe BIC', 'BIC Kids™', 'BIC FlexTM', 'bic.com', 'total number', 'world leader', 'Sophie Palliez-Capian', 'Segonzac Image', 'Disclosure', 'shares', 'capital', 'May', 'Clichy', 'France', '13 June', 'Article', 'Commerce', 'General', 'Regulations', 'ABOUT', 'stationery', 'lighters', 'shavers', 'simplicity', 'joy', '75 years', 'Company', 'tradition', 'consumers', 'trademark', '160 countries', 'BodyMark', 'BICTM', 'Cello®', 'Djeep', 'Lucky', 'Rocketbook', 'Soleil', 'Tipp', 'Ex®', 'Wite-Out®', 'Inkbox', 'part', 'SBF120', 'commitment', 'education', 'CDP', 'LinkedIn', 'Instagram', 'Twitter', 'YouTube', 'CONTACT', 'VP', 'bicworld', 'Michele', 'Albane', 'Artaise', '2022 AGENDA', 'DATES', 'Story', 'Attachment']",2022-06-13,2022-06-13,finance.yahoo.com
6379,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://seekingalpha.com/article/4517994-eni-stock-positive-news-ahead,Eni Stock: Positive News Ahead (NYSE:E),Eni (E) is in a consortium for the largest gas plant in the world. A deal worth $30 billion. Plenitude IPO to be completed by the end of June.,"Cineberg/iStock Editorial via Getty ImagesTo follow up with Eni is important to report two interesting news (NYSE:NYSE:E). The group announced this morning its intention to proceed with the initial public offering of Plenitude - the company's shares will be on Euronext Milan in the coming weeks. The offer will be dedicated to the Italian general public and also to the private placement reserved for qualified investors  including foreign ones. The free float required for the purposes of the listing will be realized through the sale of shares by Eni. The process  Eni specifies ""will attract new capital to Eni  maximizing the value of Plenitude and the stake owned by Eni and unlocking new resources to be allocated for the energy transition path"". According to the rumors  IPO should concern about 30% of Plenitude's capital  and the company should be valued at around 10 billion euros.As for the date of the listing  the goal was to complete the IPO by the end of June. The company's plan also includes the creation of long-term value for shareholders  both through capital appreciation and through dividend distribution - coupon distribution is going to be set to 25% of the consolidated net profit (starting from 2023).Aside from the numbers  Eni's goal ""will help millions of customers across Europe switching to sustainable energy. Partially selling the business will unlock significant value and accelerate its growth  helping Eni cut the Scope 3 emissions currently generated by our customers - a key step to achieving our net-zero target"" said Eni's CEO  Claudio Descalzi.Qatar developmentThe Italian group is in partnership with Exxon Mobil (XOM)  TotalEnergies (TTE)  Shell (SHEL)  and ConocoPhillips (COP) for the expansion of North Field  the largest liquefied gas field in the world. Along with the other oil majors  Eni was chosen by Qatar as a partner in the nearly $30 billion expansion plan.The project plans to expand the field  which will strengthen Qatar's position leading it to become the world's largest exporter of liquefied gas and ensuring long-term gas supply to Europe as the continent seeks alternatives to Russian gas. This is especially good news for the European Union.More will be known over the weekend  since Qatar Energy  it is the state-controlled group  had announced it would hold a press conference and signing ceremony on Sunday. This can be a positive catalyst for Eni.ConclusionPlenitude's IPO is well priced by the market  though there could be extra positive upsides thanks to the Qatar development. At this stage  we remain neutral on the Italian major  but we will definitely continue to monitor future proceedings.Previous coverage in Oil & Gas:",neutral,0.11,0.85,0.04,positive,0.84,0.12,0.04,True,English,"['Eni Stock', 'Positive News', 'NYSE', 'largest liquefied gas field', 'initial public offering', 'two interesting news', 'extra positive upsides', 'Italian general public', 'energy transition path', 'other oil majors', 'long-term gas supply', '$30 billion expansion plan', 'largest exporter', '10 billion euros', 'good news', 'positive catalyst', 'Russian gas', 'sustainable energy', 'North Field', 'Italian major', 'long-term value', 'iStock Editorial', 'Getty Images', 'Euronext Milan', 'coming weeks', 'private placement', 'qualified investors', 'free float', 'new resources', 'dividend distribution', 'coupon distribution', 'net profit', 'Scope 3 emissions', 'key step', 'net-zero target', 'Claudio Descalzi', 'Italian group', 'Exxon Mobil', 'European Union', 'press conference', 'signing ceremony', 'future proceedings', 'Previous coverage', 'Qatar Energy', 'new capital', 'capital appreciation', 'significant value', 'state-controlled group', 'Qatar development', 'Cineberg', 'Eni', 'NYSE', 'intention', 'company', 'shares', 'foreign', 'purposes', 'listing', 'sale', 'process', 'stake', 'rumors', 'IPO', 'date', 'goal', 'June', 'creation', 'shareholders', 'numbers', 'millions', 'customers', 'business', 'growth', 'CEO', 'partnership', 'XOM', 'TotalEnergies', 'TTE', 'Shell', 'ConocoPhillips', 'world', 'project', 'position', 'continent', 'alternatives', 'More', 'weekend', 'Sunday', 'Conclusion', 'market', 'stage']",2022-06-13,2022-06-13,seekingalpha.com
6380,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20220612005016/en/Bryan-Garnier-Co-Initiates-the-Coverage-of-Median-Technologies-with-a-%E2%80%9CBuy%E2%80%9D-Recommendation,Bryan Garnier & Co Initiates the Coverage of Median Technologies with a “Buy” Recommendation,SOPHIA ANTIPOLIS  France--(BUSINESS WIRE)--Regulatory News: Median Technologies (ALMDT) announces today the publication of an initiation report by Bryan Garnier & Co  a pan-European investment bank focusing on growth companies. In the initiation report publis…,SOPHIA ANTIPOLIS  France--(BUSINESS WIRE)--Regulatory News:Median Technologies (ALMDT) announces today the publication of an initiation report by Bryan Garnier & Co  a pan-European investment bank focusing on growth companies.In the initiation report published on June 10  2022  Bryan Garnier & Co initiates the coverage of the stock with a buy recommendation and values the company at 40 euros per share.About Bryan Garnier & Co: Bryan  Garnier & Co is a European  full-service growth-focused independent investment banking founded in 1996. The firm provides equity research  sales and trading  private and public capital raising as well as M&A services to growth companies and their investors. It focuses on key growth sectors of the economy including Technology  Healthcare  Consumer and Business Services. Bryan  Garnier & Co is a fully registered broker dealer authorized and regulated by the FCA in Europe and the FINRA in the U.S. Bryan  Garnier & Co is headquartered in London  with additional offices in Paris  Munich  Stockholm  Oslo and Reykjavik as well as New York and Palo Alto. The firm is a member of the London Stock Exchange.For more information: www.bryangarnier.comAbout Median Technologies: Median Technologies provides innovative imaging solutions and services to advance healthcare for everyone. We harness the power of medical images by using the most advanced Artificial Intelligence technologies  to increase the accuracy of diagnosis and treatment of many cancers and other metabolic diseases at their earliest stages and provide insights into novel therapies for patients. Our iCRO solutions for medical image analysis and management in oncology trials and iBiopsy®  our AI-powered software as medical device help biopharmaceutical companies and clinicians to bring new treatments and diagnose patients earlier and more accurately. This is how we are helping to create a healthier world.Founded in 2002  based in Sophia-Antipolis  France  with a subsidiary in the US and another one in Shanghai  Median has received the label “Innovative company” by the BPI and is listed on Euronext Growth market (Paris). FR0011049824– ticker: ALMDT. Median is eligible for the French SME equity savings plan scheme (PEA-PME)  is part of the Enternext® PEA-PME 150 index and has been awarded the Euronext European Rising Tech label. For more information: www.mediantechnologies.com,neutral,0.01,0.99,0.01,positive,0.79,0.19,0.02,True,English,"['Bryan Garnier', 'Median Technologies', 'Buy” Recommendation', 'Coverage', 'European, full-service growth-focused independent investment banking', 'French SME equity savings plan scheme', 'Euronext European Rising Tech label', 'advanced Artificial Intelligence technologies', 'pan-European investment bank', 'Euronext Growth market', 'public capital raising', 'registered broker dealer', 'other metabolic diseases', 'key growth sectors', 'medical image analysis', 'M&A services', 'innovative imaging solutions', 'Enternext® PEA-PME 150 index', 'London Stock Exchange', 'equity research', 'growth companies', 'iCRO solutions', 'medical images', 'medical device', 'Median Technologies', 'SOPHIA ANTIPOLIS', 'BUSINESS WIRE', 'Regulatory News', 'initiation report', 'buy recommendation', 'Business Services', 'U.S.', 'additional offices', 'New York', 'Palo Alto', 'many cancers', 'earliest stages', 'novel therapies', 'oncology trials', 'AI-powered software', 'biopharmaceutical companies', 'new treatments', 'healthier world', 'Innovative company', 'Bryan Garnier', 'France', 'ALMDT', 'publication', 'June', 'coverage', '40 euros', 'share', 'firm', 'sales', 'trading', 'private', 'investors', 'economy', 'Technology', 'Healthcare', 'Consumer', 'FCA', 'FINRA', 'Paris', 'Munich', 'Stockholm', 'Oslo', 'Reykjavik', 'member', 'information', 'bryangarnier', 'everyone', 'accuracy', 'diagnosis', 'insights', 'patients', 'management', 'iBiopsy®', 'clinicians', 'Sophia-Antipolis', 'subsidiary', 'Shanghai', 'BPI', 'part', 'mediantechnologies']",2022-06-13,2022-06-13,businesswire.com
6381,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/cgg-sercel-equips-vessel-south-053000783.html,CGG : Sercel Equips New Vessel in South Korea with a Complete Marine Seismic Acquisition System for 3D Seismic Research,Sercel Equips New Vessel in South Korea with a Complete Marine Seismic Acquisition System for 3D Seismic Research Paris  France – June 13  2022 CGG announced...,CGGSercel Equips New Vessel in South Korea with a Complete Marine Seismic Acquisition System for 3D Seismic ResearchParis  France – June 13  2022CGG announced today that Sercel has sold a complete marine seismic acquisition system to HJ Shipbuilding & Construction  a South Korean shipbuilding leader. The contract calls for the supply of a Seal 428 recording system  including Sentinel® streamers  a Nautilus® streamer positioning system  and G-Source II high-performance impulsive sources. The system will be delivered in the first half of 2023 to equip the R/V TAMHAE3  a 3D/4D seismic research vessel designed for the Korea Institute of Geoscience and Mineral Resources (KIGAM).Taking advantage of the unique capabilities of Sentinel  Nautilus and G-Source II  the Seal 428 is the most efficient large-capacity  high-resolution seismic data acquisition system available on the market. Sentinel solid streamers provide the best signal-to-noise ratio for towed-streamer acquisition and ensure excellent low-frequency performance with outstanding reliability. When combined with the powerful Nautilus streamer guidance and control system  Sercel offers the best marine seismic acquisition solution available to achieve the highest production while delivering superior data quality  whatever the environment or towing depth.Emmanuelle Dubu  Sercel CEO  said: “We are delighted to have been selected to equip this new seismic vessel due to come into operation in 2024. With this contract  Sercel confirms its position as the world’s leading designer and provider of marine seismic acquisition solutions. It also reflects our strong commitment to ongoing innovation in order to anticipate and meet the high-tech requirements that this sector demands.”About CGGCGG (www.cgg.com) is a global technology and HPC leader that provides data  products  services and solutions in Earth science  data science  sensing and monitoring. Our unique portfolio supports our clients in efficiently and responsibly solving complex digital  energy transition  natural resource  environmental  and infrastructure challenges for a more sustainable future. CGG employs around 3 300 people worldwide and is listed on the Euronext Paris SA (ISIN: 0013181864).Story continuesContactsGroup Communications & Investor RelationsChristophe BarniniTel: + 33 1 64 47 38 11E-Mail: christophe.barnini@cgg.comAttachment,neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,positive,0.69,0.27,0.03,True,English,"['Complete Marine Seismic Acquisition System', '3D Seismic Research', 'New Vessel', 'South Korea', 'CGG', 'Sercel', 'efficient large-capacity, high-resolution seismic data acquisition system', 'Complete Marine Seismic Acquisition System', 'best marine seismic acquisition solution', 'G-Source II high-performance impulsive sources', 'marine seismic acquisition solutions', 'complex digital, energy transition', '3D/4D seismic research vessel', 'powerful Nautilus streamer guidance', 'Nautilus® streamer positioning system', 'South Korean shipbuilding leader', '3D Seismic Research', 'superior data quality', 'new seismic vessel', 'excellent low-frequency performance', 'Contacts Group Communications', 'Seal 428 recording system', 'streamer acquisition', 'Euronext Paris SA', 'Sentinel solid streamers', 'data science', 'control system', 'New Vessel', 'best signal', 'HJ Shipbuilding', 'HPC leader', 'Sentinel® streamers', 'first half', 'R/V TAMHAE', 'Korea Institute', 'Mineral Resources', 'unique capabilities', 'noise ratio', 'outstanding reliability', 'highest production', 'Emmanuelle Dubu', 'leading designer', 'strong commitment', 'ongoing innovation', 'high-tech requirements', 'global technology', 'Earth science', 'unique portfolio', 'natural resource', 'infrastructure challenges', 'sustainable future', 'Investor Relations', 'Sercel CEO', 'Christophe Barnini', 'CGG', 'France', 'June', 'Construction', 'contract', 'supply', 'Geoscience', 'KIGAM', 'advantage', 'market', 'environment', 'depth', 'operation', 'world', 'provider', 'order', 'sector', 'products', 'services', 'sensing', 'monitoring', 'clients', '3,300 people', 'ISIN', 'Story', 'Tel', 'Attachment']",2022-06-13,2022-06-13,finance.yahoo.com
6382,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/agfa-gevaert-share-buyback-program-154000062.html,Agfa-Gevaert : Share buyback program 2021 completed – regulated information,Mortsel  Belgium – June 13  2022 – 5:40 p.m. CET Within the framework of the share buyback program which was announced in the press release of March 10  2021...,Agfa-GevaertMortsel  Belgium – June 13  2022 – 5:40 p.m. CETWithin the framework of the share buyback program which was announced in the press release of March 10  2021  Agfa-Gevaert NV proceeded with the purchase of own shares on the market of Euronext Brussels.The authorization to acquire own shares was granted to the Board of Directors by the Extraordinary General Meeting of Shareholders of May 12  2020.Agfa-Gevaert NV has requested a financial intermediary to repurchase Agfa-Gevaert shares for a maximum amount of 50 000 000 Euro on its behalf under the terms of an initial discretionary mandate agreement with validity until March 31  2022  effective as from April 1  2021.On March 8  2022  the Board of Directors decided to extend the 2021 Share Buyback through March 31  2023 (the ‘Extended Share Buyback Program 2021’).As a result of the decision of the Board of Directors on March 9  2021  the company  by notarial deed dated March 30  2022  cancelled a total of 2 299 218 treasury shares. This decision was taken in accordance with the authorization granted to the Board of Directors by the Extraordinary General Meeting of Shareholders on May 12  2020. As a consequence  the new number of outstanding shares (denominator) is 158 207 488.On transaction date June 9  2022  the Agfa-Gevaert Group held 3 386 960 own shares  which represents 2.14% of the total number of shares of the Group.Detailed operations per day:Transaction date Number ofshares Averageprice (€) Minimumprice (€) Maximumprice (€) Totalprice (€) June 6  2022 56 776 4.0101 3.9850 4.0400 227 677.44 June 7  2022 61 386 3.9964 3.9800 4.0050 245 323.01 June 8  2022 60 580 3.9733 3.9450 4.0000 240 702.51 June 9  2022 53 872 3.9325 3.9050 3.9700 211 851.64 Total 232 614 3.9789 925 554.60Since the beginning of the share buyback program until June 9th  2022  based on the transaction date  the Agfa-Gevaert Group bought 12 930 662 own shares for a total amount of 49 999 997.30 Euro  representing 7.71% of the total outstanding shares on April 1  2021.Story continuesWith this announcement  Agfa-Gevaert NV has completed its share buyback program that had started on April 1  2021.Over the total buyback of 12 930 662 shares  Agfa-Gevaert NV paid an average price of 3.8668 Euro per share.About AgfaThe Agfa-Gevaert Group is a leading company in imaging technology and IT solutions with over 150 years of experience. The Group holds four divisions: Radiology Solutions  HealthCare IT  Digital Print & Chemicals and Offset Solutions. They develop  manufacture and market analogue and digital systems for the healthcare sector  for specific industrial applications and for the printing industry. In 2021  the Group realized a turnover of 1 760 million Euro.Contact:Viviane DictusDirector Corporate CommunicationT +32 (0) 3 444 71 24E viviane.dictus@agfa.comJohan JacobsCorporate Press Relations ManagerT +32 (0)3/444 80 15E johan.jacobs@agfa.comAttachment,neutral,0.03,0.93,0.04,mixed,0.29,0.33,0.37,True,English,"['Share buyback program', 'regulated information', 'Agfa-Gevaert', 'initial discretionary mandate agreement', 'Corporate Press Relations Manager', 'Extended Share Buyback Program', 'Extraordinary General Meeting', 'specific industrial applications', 'Viviane Dictus Director', 'Transaction date Number', 'The Agfa-Gevaert Group', 'total outstanding shares', '2021 Share Buyback', 'press release', 'Corporate Communication', 'total buyback', 'new number', 'The Group', 'total number', 'Agfa-Gevaert Mortsel', 'Agfa-Gevaert NV', 'Euronext Brussels', 'financial intermediary', 'maximum amount', 'notarial deed', 'Detailed operations', 'imaging technology', 'IT solutions', 'four divisions', 'Radiology Solutions', 'HealthCare IT', 'Digital Print', 'Offset Solutions', 'digital systems', 'healthcare sector', 'printing industry', 'total amount', 'Minimum price', 'Maximum price', 'average price', 'Total price', 'Agfa-Gevaert shares', 'leading company', '2,299,218 treasury shares', '1,760 million Euro', 'June 9th', 'Johan Jacobs', '12,930,662 shares', '50,000,000 Euro', '30 Euro', '3.8668 Euro', 'Belgium', 'CET', 'framework', 'March', 'purchase', 'market', 'authorization', 'Board', 'Directors', 'Shareholders', 'May', 'behalf', 'terms', 'validity', 'April', 'result', 'decision', 'accordance', 'consequence', 'denominator', 'day', 'beginning', 'Story', 'announcement', '150 years', 'experience', 'Chemicals', 'analogue', 'turnover', 'Contact', 'Attachment', '5:40', '960', '49']",2022-06-13,2022-06-13,finance.yahoo.com
6383,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/atos-sell-entire-stake-worldline-163700518.html,Atos to sell its entire stake in Worldline,Press Release NOT FOR PUBLICATION  RELEASE OR DISTRIBUTION  DIRECTLY OR INDIRECTLY  IN WHOLE OR IN PART  IN OR INTO THE UNITED STATES  AUSTRALIA  JAPAN  OR...,"Atos InternationalPress ReleaseNOT FOR PUBLICATION  RELEASE OR DISTRIBUTION  DIRECTLY OR INDIRECTLY  IN WHOLE OR IN PART  IN OR INTO THE UNITED STATES  AUSTRALIA  JAPAN  OR ANY OTHER JURISDICTION IN WHICH IT WOULD BE UNLAWFUL TO DO SO.Atos to sell its entire stake in WorldlineParis  France – June 13  2022 - Atos intends to sell its entire stake in Worldline of ca. 7.0 million shares representing ca. 2.5% of Worldline’s share capital. The sale will be carried out by way of an accelerated book building to institutional investors commencing immediately (the “Placement”).Atos will concomitantly enter into a derivative transaction with Goldman Sachs Bank Europe SE to hedge its residual exposure to Worldline’s shares related to the outstanding exchangeable bonds due 2024 which were issued in 2019. Goldman Sachs Europe Bank SE as counterparty for the derivative will hedge its short position in connection therewith by purchasing Worldline shares in the Placement  through the placing of an order in the order book.Following completion of the Placement  Atos will no longer be a shareholder of Worldline.Goldman Sachs Bank Europe SE is acting as sole bookrunner for the Placement and counterparty for the derivative. Rothschild & Co is acting as financial advisor.The final terms of the Placement are expected to be announced on June 14  2022 at the latest. Settlement of the Placement is expected to take place on or around June 16  2022.***About AtosAtos is a global leader in digital transformation with 111 000 employees and annual revenue of c. € 11 billion. European number one in cybersecurity  cloud and high-performance computing  the Group provides tailored end-to-end solutions for all industries in 71 countries. A pioneer in decarbonization services and products  Atos is committed to a secure and decarbonized digital for its clients. Atos is a SE (Societas Europaea)  listed on Euronext Paris and included in the CAC 40 ESG and Next 20 indexes.Story continuesThe purpose of Atos is to help design the future of the information space. Its expertise and services support the development of knowledge  education and research in a multicultural approach and contribute to the development of scientific and technological excellence. Across the world  the Group enables its customers and employees  and members of societies at large to live  work and develop sustainably  in a safe and secure information space.Contacts:Investor Relations | Thomas Guillois | +33 6 21 34 36 62 | thomas.guillois@atos.netMedia | Martin Bovo | +33 6 14 46 79 94 | martin.bovo@atos.netDisclaimerThis press release is for information purposes only and does not constitute an offer to sell or a solicitation of an offer to buy any securities and the offer of the Worldline shares does not constitute a public offering other than to qualified investors in any jurisdiction  including in France.This communication is for distribution in the United Kingdom only to (i) investment professionals falling within article 19(5) of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 (Financial Promotion) Order 2005 (the ""Order"") or (ii) high net worth entities and other persons to whom it may lawfully be communicated  falling within article 49(2)(a) to (d) of the Order (all such persons together being referred to as ""relevant persons"").The offer and sale of the securities referred to in this announcement has not been  nor will be  registered under the United States Securities Act of 1933 (the ""Securities Act"") and the securities may not be offered or sold in the United States absent such registration or an applicable exemption from the registration requirements of the Securities Act. There will be no public offering of the securities in the United States in connection with this transaction.Any investment decision to buy shares in Worldline must be made solely on the basis of publicly available information regarding Worldline. Such information is not the responsibility of Atos.Attachment",neutral,0.04,0.74,0.22,mixed,0.27,0.31,0.42,True,English,"['entire stake', 'Atos', 'Worldline', 'Goldman Sachs Bank Europe SE', 'Goldman Sachs Europe Bank SE', 'United States Securities Act', 'outstanding exchangeable bonds', 'net worth entities', 'secure information space', 'Markets Act', 'United Kingdom', 'entire stake', 'share capital', 'institutional investors', 'residual exposure', 'short position', 'sole bookrunner', 'financial advisor', 'final terms', 'global leader', 'digital transformation', 'annual revenue', 'European number', 'high-performance computing', 'end solutions', 'decarbonized digital', 'Societas Europaea', 'CAC 40 ESG', 'Next 20 indexes', 'multicultural approach', 'technological excellence', 'Investor Relations', 'information purposes', 'public offering', 'qualified investors', 'investment professionals', 'Financial Promotion', 'applicable exemption', 'investment decision', 'Such information', 'Press Release', 'decarbonization services', 'Financial Services', 'other persons', 'relevant persons', '7.0 million shares', 'OTHER JURISDICTION', 'book building', 'Euronext Paris', 'registration requirements', 'Atos International', 'Thomas Guillois', 'Martin Bovo', 'derivative transaction', 'Worldline shares', 'PUBLICATION', 'DISTRIBUTION', 'WHOLE', 'PART', 'AUSTRALIA', 'JAPAN', 'France', 'June', 'sale', 'way', 'Placement', 'connection', 'placing', 'order', 'completion', 'shareholder', 'Rothschild', 'Settlement', '111,000 employees', 'cybersecurity', 'cloud', 'Group', 'tailored', 'industries', '71 countries', 'pioneer', 'products', 'clients', 'Story', 'future', 'expertise', 'development', 'knowledge', 'education', 'research', 'scientific', 'customers', 'members', 'societies', 'large', 'safe', 'Contacts', 'Media', 'Disclaimer', 'solicitation', 'communication', 'article', 'announcement', 'basis', 'responsibility', 'Attachment']",2022-06-13,2022-06-13,finance.yahoo.com
6384,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/bghl-eur-nav-053000539.html,BGHL (EUR): NAV(s),BOUSSARD & GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITED Ordinary Shares The Directors of Boussard & Gavaudan Holding Limited would like to announce the following information for...,"BOUSSARD AND GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITED (EUR)BOUSSARD & GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITEDOrdinary SharesThe Directors of Boussard & Gavaudan Holding Limited would like to announce the following information for the Company.Close of business 10 Jun 2022.Estimated NAVEuro Shares Sterling Shares Estimated NAV € 28.7694 £ 25.0302 Estimated MTD return 1.05 % 1.10 % Estimated YTD return -1.48 % -1.09 % Estimated ITD return 187.69 % 150.30 %NAV and returns are calculated net of management and performance feesMarket informationEuro Shares Amsterdam (AEX) London (LSE) Market Close € 23.60 N/A Premium/discount to estimated NAV -17.97 % N/A Sterling Shares Amsterdam (AEX) London (LSE) Market Close N/A GBX 2 000.00 Premium/discount to estimated NAV N/A -20.10 %Transactions in own securities purchased into treasuryOrdinary Shares Euro Shares Sterling Shares Number of shares N/A N/A Average Price N/A N/A Range of Price N/A N/ALiquidity Enhancement Agreement Euro Shares Sterling Shares Number of shares N/A N/A Average Price N/A N/ABGHL CapitalBGHL Ordinary Shares Euro Shares Sterling Shares Shares Outstanding 12 316 588 130 254 Held in treasury N/A N/A Shares Issued 12 316 588 130 254Estimated BG Fund NAVClass B Euro Shares (estimated) € 249.4350 Class GBP A Shares (estimated) £ 133.3422The Class B Euro Shares of BG Fund are not subject to investment manager fees  as the Investment Manager receives management fees and performance fees in respect of its role as Investment Manager of BGHL.Story continuesFor further information please contact:Boussard & Gavaudan Investment Management  LLP.Emmanuel Gavaudan +44 (0) 20 3751 5389 Email : info@bgam-uk.comThe Company is established as a closed-ended investment company domiciled in Guernsey. The Company has received the necessary approval of the Guernsey Financial Services Commission and the States of Guernsey Policy Council. The Company is registered with the Dutch Authority for the Financial Markets as a collective investment scheme pursuant to article 2:73 in conjunction with 2:66 of the Dutch Financial Supervision Act (Wet op het financieel toezicht). The shares of the Company (the ""Shares"") are listed on Euronext Amsterdam. The Shares are also listed on the Official List of the UK Listing Authority and admitted to trading on the London Stock Exchange plc's main market for listed securities.This is not an offer to sell or a solicitation of any offer to buy any securities in the United States or in any other jurisdiction. This announcement is not intended to and does not constitute  or form part of  any offer or invitation to purchase any securities or the solicitation of any vote or approval in any jurisdiction  nor shall there be any sale  issuance or transfer of the securities referred to in this announcement in any jurisdiction in contravention of applicable law.Neither the Company nor BG Fund ICAV has been  and neither will be  registered under the US Investment Company Act of 1940  as amended (the ""Investment Company Act""). In addition the securities referenced in this announcement have not been and will not be registered under the US Securities Act of 1933  as amended (the ""Securities Act""). Consequently any such securities may not be offered  sold or otherwise transferred within the United States or to  or for the account or benefit of  US persons except in accordance with the Securities Act or an exemption therefrom and under circumstances which will not require the issuer of such securities to register under the Investment Company Act. No public offering of any securities will be made in the United States.You should always bear in mind that:all investment is subject to risk;results in the past are no guarantee of future results;the investment performance of BGHL may go down as well as up. You may not get back all of your original investment; andif you are in any doubt about the contents of this communication or if you consider making an investment decision  you are advised to seek expert financial advice.This communication is for information purposes only and the information contained in this communication should not be relied upon as a substitute for financial or other professional advice.Attachment",neutral,0.0,0.99,0.01,mixed,0.12,0.31,0.56,True,English,"['BGHL', 'EUR', 'NAV', 'A Liquidity Enhancement Agreement Euro Shares Sterling Shares Number', 'The Class B Euro Shares', 'BGHL Ordinary Shares Euro Shares', 'Class GBP A Shares', 'A N/A Average Price', 'N/A Sterling Shares Amsterdam', 'London Stock Exchange plc', 'treasury N/A N/A Shares', 'Guernsey Financial Services Commission', 'Dutch Financial Supervision Act', 'Sterling Shares Shares', 'A N/A Range', 'Euro Shares Amsterdam', 'US Investment Company Act', 'GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITED', 'expert financial advice', 'Guernsey Policy Council', 'collective investment scheme', 'UK Listing Authority', 'other professional advice', 'BG Fund ICAV', 'closed-ended investment company', 'US Securities Act', 'Gavaudan Investment Management', 'investment manager fees', 'BG Fund NAV', 'The Shares', 'Dutch Authority', 'Euronext Amsterdam', 'US persons', 'Emmanuel Gavaudan', 'Financial Markets', 'The Directors', 'The Company', 'investment performance', 'original investment', 'investment decision', 'performance fees', 'BGHL Capital', 'management fees', 'MTD return', 'YTD return', 'ITD return', 'financieel toezicht', 'Official List', 'applicable law', 'public offering', 'other jurisdiction', 'United States', 'following information', 'information purposes', 'Estimated NAV', 'necessary approval', 'main market', 'future results', 'listed securities', 'Market information', 'BOUSSARD', 'business', 'Jun', 'returns', 'AEX', 'LSE', 'respect', 'role', 'Story', 'LLP.', 'Email', 'bgam', 'article', 'solicitation', 'announcement', 'part', 'invitation', 'vote', 'sale', 'issuance', 'transfer', 'contravention', 'addition', 'account', 'benefit', 'accordance', 'exemption', 'circumstances', 'issuer', 'mind', 'risk', 'past', 'guarantee', 'doubt', 'contents', 'communication', 'substitute', 'Attachment']",2022-06-13,2022-06-13,finance.yahoo.com
6385,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/subsea-7-revises-2022-guidance-060100705.html,Subsea 7 revises 2022 guidance,Luxembourg – 13 June 2022 - Subsea 7 S.A. (Oslo Børs: SUBC  ADR: SUBCY) today updated its Adjusted EBITDA guidance for the full year 2022. Seaway 7 ASA1...,Luxembourg – 13 June 2022 - Subsea 7 S.A. (Oslo Børs: SUBC  ADR: SUBCY) today updated its Adjusted EBITDA guidance for the full year 2022.Seaway 7 ASA1 announced today provisions against the results of project execution of offshore windfarm installations due to increased costs relating to weather delays and mechanical breakdowns. This  together with an increase in the existing provision on the Formosa 2 project2  including the effects of Covid-19  will impact Subsea 7’s Adjusted EBITDA for 2022  which is still expected to be broadly in line with 2021.1 Seaway 7 ASA is listed on Euronext Growth (SEAW7) and its financial statements are consolidated as part of the Subsea 7 Group.2 As part of the combination agreement between Subsea 7’s fixed offshore wind renewable segment and OHT AS to form Seaway 7 ASA  the economic interest on the Formosa 2 project was retained by Subsea 7 S.A. and not transferred to Seaway 7 ASA. The financial outcome of this project is therefore recognised in Subsea 7’s Renewables segment and not in the financial statements of Seaway 7 ASA.*******************************************************************************Subsea 7 is a global leader in the delivery of offshore projects and services for the evolving energy industry  creating sustainable value by being the industry’s partner and employer of choice in delivering the efficient offshore solutions the world needs.Subsea 7 is listed on the Oslo Børs (SUBC)  ISIN LU0075646355  LEI 222100AIF0CBCY80AH62.*******************************************************************************Contact for investment community enquiries:Katherine TonksInvestor Relations DirectorTel +44 (0)20 8210 5568katherine.tonks@subsea7.comForward-Looking Statements: This announcement may contain ‘forward-looking statements’ (within the meaning of the safe harbour provisions of the U.S. Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995). These statements relate to our current expectations  beliefs  intentions  assumptions or strategies regarding the future and are subject to known and unknown risks that could cause actual results  performance or events to differ materially from those expressed or implied in these statements. Forward-looking statements may be identified by the use of words such as ‘anticipate’  ‘believe’  ‘estimate’  ‘expect’  ‘future’  ‘goal’  ‘intend’  ‘likely’ ‘may’  ‘plan’  ‘project’  ‘seek’  ‘should’  ‘strategy’ ‘will’  and similar expressions. The principal risks which could affect future operations of the Group are described in the ‘Risk Management’ section of the Group’s Annual Report and Consolidated Financial Statements for the year ended 31 December 2021. Factors that may cause actual and future results and trends to differ materially from our forward-looking statements include (but are not limited to): (i) our ability to deliver fixed price projects in accordance with client expectations and within the parameters of our bids  and to avoid cost overruns; (ii) our ability to collect receivables  negotiate variation orders and collect the related revenue; (iii) our ability to recover costs on significant projects; (iv) capital expenditure by oil and gas companies  which is affected by fluctuations in the price of  and demand for  crude oil and natural gas; (v) unanticipated delays or cancellation of projects included in our backlog; (vi) competition and price fluctuations in the markets and businesses in which we operate; (vii) the loss of  or deterioration in our relationship with  any significant clients; (viii) the outcome of legal proceedings or governmental inquiries; (ix) uncertainties inherent in operating internationally  including economic  political and social instability  boycotts or embargoes  labour unrest  changes in foreign governmental regulations  corruption and currency fluctuations; (x) the effects of a pandemic or epidemic or a natural disaster; (xi) liability to third parties for the failure of our joint venture partners to fulfil their obligations; (xii) changes in  or our failure to comply with  applicable laws and regulations (including regulatory measures addressing climate change); (xiii) operating hazards  including spills  environmental damage  personal or property damage and business interruptions caused by adverse weather; (xiv) equipment or mechanical failures  which could increase costs  impair revenue and result in penalties for failure to meet project completion requirements; (xv) the timely delivery of vessels on order and the timely completion of ship conversion programmes; (xvi) our ability to keep pace with technological changes and the impact of potential information technology  cyber security or data security breaches; and (xvii) the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures and internal control over financial reporting. Many of these factors are beyond our ability to control or predict. Given these uncertainties  you should not place undue reliance on the forward-looking statements. Each forward-looking statement speaks only as of the date of this announcement. We undertake no obligation to update publicly or revise any forward-looking statements  whether as a result of new information  future events or otherwise.Story continuesThis information is considered to be inside information pursuant to the EU Market Abuse Regulation and is subject to the disclosure requirements pursuant to Section 5-12 the Norwegian Securities Trading Act.Attachments,neutral,0.01,0.97,0.01,mixed,0.07,0.18,0.75,True,English,"['Subsea 7', '2022 guidance', 'U.S. Private Securities Litigation Reform Act', 'offshore wind renewable segment', 'Oslo Børs', 'offshore windfarm installations', 'efficient offshore solutions', 'investment community enquiries', 'Investor Relations Director', 'Risk Management’ section', 'joint venture partners', 'ship conversion programmes', 'potential information technology', 'Subsea 7 S.A.', 'data security breaches', 'Adjusted EBITDA guidance', 'evolving energy industry', 'safe harbour provisions', 'foreign governmental regulations', 'project completion requirements', 'Consolidated Financial Statements', 'fixed price projects', 'Renewables segment', 'offshore projects', 'governmental inquiries', 'timely completion', 'cyber security', 'financial reporting', 'Seaway 7 ASA1', 'weather delays', 'mechanical breakdowns', 'existing provision', '1 Seaway 7 ASA', 'Euronext Growth', 'combination agreement', 'OHT AS', 'economic interest', 'global leader', 'sustainable value', 'LEI 222100AIF0CBCY80AH62', 'current expectations', 'unknown risks', 'similar expressions', 'principal risks', 'Annual Report', 'client expectations', 'cost overruns', 'variation orders', 'significant projects', 'capital expenditure', 'gas companies', 'natural gas', 'unanticipated delays', 'significant clients', 'legal proceedings', 'social instability', 'labour unrest', 'natural disaster', 'third parties', 'applicable laws', 'regulatory measures', 'climate change', 'operating hazards', 'environmental damage', 'property damage', 'business interruptions', 'adverse weather', 'mechanical failures', 'disclosure controls', 'internal control', 'undue reliance', 'forward-looking statement', 'looking statements', 'project execution', 'Formosa 2 project', 'financial outcome', 'price fluctuations', 'currency fluctuations', 'full year', 'future operations', 'related revenue', 'crude oil', 'timely delivery', 'technological changes', 'actual results', 'future results', 'Katherine Tonks', 'Subsea 7 Group', 'Luxembourg', '13 June', 'SUBC', 'ADR', 'costs', 'increase', 'effects', 'Covid-19', 'line', 'services', 'employer', 'choice', 'world', 'ISIN', 'Contact', 'Tel', 'announcement', 'meaning', 'beliefs', 'intentions', 'assumptions', 'strategies', 'performance', 'events', 'use', 'words', 'plan', 'strategy', 'Factors', 'trends', 'accordance', 'parameters', 'bids', 'receivables', 'demand', 'cancellation', 'backlog', 'competition', 'markets', 'businesses', 'loss', 'deterioration', 'relationship', 'uncertainties', 'political', 'boycotts', 'embargoes', 'corruption', 'pandemic', 'epidemic', 'liability', 'obligations', 'spills', 'personal', 'equipment', 'penalties', 'vessels', 'pace', 'impact', 'effectiveness', 'procedures', '2022', '2021']",2022-06-13,2022-06-13,finance.yahoo.com
6386,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/ekinops-sixsq-announces-five-new-app-vendors-joining-nuvlaio-app-vendor-programme-301566068.html,Ekinops' SixSq  announces five new App vendors joining Nuvla.io 'App Vendor Programme',GENEVA  June 13  2022 /PRNewswire/ -- Ekinops (Euronext Paris - FR0011466069 – EKI)  a leading network access and virtualization specialist  today announced the first five new application vendors joining their recently launched Nuvla.io App Vendor Programme b…,SixSq's Nuvla.io is a proven B2B digital platform for industrialization and automation of containerized edge applications and device management. Nuvla.io enables  among other things  the deployment of these applications on the Ekinops OneAccess branded network equipment.The first selective innovative vendors bring turnkey apps in their fields:ClearBlade: Logistics and railwayCybus : Manufacturing and machine monitoringC2RO: Next generation GDPR compliant people and crowd tracking solutionGDPR AI EdgeLabs : Cyberattack detection driven from AI analysisCyberattack Securaxis : Smart city audio based real-time analysis using AIApp vendors wishing to join the App Vendor Programme are invited to get in touch with the SixSq team.Details of the App vendor programme can be found here: https://nuvla.io/marketplaceAll press releases are published after the close of trading on Euronext Paris.EKINOPS ContactDidier BrédyChairman and CEO[email protected]InvestorsMathieu OmnesInvestor relationTel.: +33 (0)1 53 67 36 92[email protected]PressAmaury DugastPress relationTel.: +33 (0)1 53 67 36 74[email protected]SOURCE Ekinops,neutral,0.01,0.98,0.01,neutral,0.05,0.92,0.03,True,English,"['five new App vendors', 'Nuvla.io', 'Ekinops', 'SixSq', 'Next generation GDPR compliant people', 'Ekinops OneAccess branded network equipment', 'proven B2B digital platform', 'first selective innovative vendors', 'crowd tracking solution', 'GDPR AI EdgeLabs', 'Smart city audio', 'Didier Brédy', 'App Vendor Programme', 'containerized edge applications', 'App vendors', 'EKINOPS Contact', 'SOURCE Ekinops', 'device management', 'other things', 'turnkey apps', 'machine monitoring', 'Cyberattack detection', 'AI analysis', 'Cyberattack Securaxis', 'real-time analysis', 'Euronext Paris', 'Mathieu Omnes', 'Investor relation', 'Amaury Dugast', 'press releases', 'Press relation', 'SixSq team', 'Nuvla.io', 'industrialization', 'automation', 'deployment', 'fields', 'ClearBlade', 'Logistics', 'railway', 'Cybus', 'Manufacturing', 'C2RO', 'touch', 'Details', 'marketplace', 'close', 'trading', 'Chairman', 'CEO', 'Investors', 'Tel.', '1 53']",2022-06-13,2022-06-13,prnewswire.com
6387,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.cityam.com/molten-ventures-poised-to-slash-investment-by-half-after-profits-jump-to-301m/,Molten Ventures poised to slash investment by half after profits jump to £301m,London-listed venture capital firm Molten Ventures reported a surge in the value of its portfolio in the last 12 months but warned today it was braced for a slowdown in the year ahead as inflation begins to bite.The post Molten Ventures poised to slash inves…,Molten Ventures poised to slash investment by half after profits jump to £301mLondon-listed venture capital firm Molten Ventures reported a surge in the value of its portfolio in the last 12 months but warned today it was braced for a slowdown in the year ahead as inflation begins to bite.The FTSE-250 investor said its gross portfolio value had jumped to £1.53bn in the past 12 months as profits soared to £301m  up from £267m a year earlier.Molten notched 37 per cent growth across its portfolio however  marking a slowdown from the 51 per cent print at the same point last year.The jump in profits came alongside fresh cash investments of £311m from Molten’s own balance sheet  up from £128m last year  and a further £45m from enterprise investment scheme funds.Boss Martin Davis hailed a year of “huge progress” for the firm but told City A.M. that investment would likely halve in the next 12 months as the investment environment cools amid soaring inflation and rising interest rates.“I think there will be a slowdown  but I think that will really be us pushing some of our investment proof points much harder ” he said.“And we need to be much more confident in an environment like this – there will still be good investments so we’ll probably still invest in the £100-150m mark this year  roughly half what we did last year.”Davis said the firm’s portfolio of software and tech  firms would be resilient to the shocks in the market  with demand likely to remain strong through an economic slump.“Despite recent volatility in world markets caused in part by the tragic events in Ukraine  VC remains resilient  and the European technology market continues to be an area of growth ” he added.Molten’s bumper results come after a re-brand from ‘Draper Esprit’ last year  as well as a shift onto the premium segment of London Stock Exchange’s main market and the secondary listing segment of the official List of Euronext Dublin.,negative,0.06,0.39,0.55,mixed,0.17,0.22,0.61,True,English,"['Molten Ventures', 'investment', 'half', 'profits', 'enterprise investment scheme funds', 'London-listed venture capital firm', 'The FTSE-250 investor', '51 per cent print', 'City A.M.', 'rising interest rates', 'London Stock Exchange', 'fresh cash investments', 'secondary listing segment', 'investment proof points', '37 per cent growth', 'Boss Martin Davis', 'European technology market', 'gross portfolio value', 'good investments', 'premium segment', 'last 12 months', 'past 12 months', 'same point', 'balance sheet', 'huge progress', 'next 12 months', '£100-150m mark', 'economic slump', 'recent volatility', 'world markets', 'tragic events', 'bumper results', 'Draper Esprit', 'main market', 'official List', 'Euronext Dublin', 'investment environment', 'soaring inflation', 'Molten Ventures', 'half', 'profits', 'surge', 'slowdown', 'year', 'jump', 'software', 'firms', 'shocks', 'demand', 'part', 'Ukraine', 'VC', 'area', 'brand', 'shift']",2022-06-13,2022-06-13,cityam.com
6388,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.uppermichiganssource.com/prnewswire/2022/06/13/ekinops-sixsq-announces-five-new-app-vendors-joining-nuvlaio-app-vendor-programme/,Ekinops' SixSq  announces five new App vendors joining Nuvla.io 'App Vendor Programme',,GENEVA  June 13  2022 /PRNewswire/ -- Ekinops (Euronext Paris - FR0011466069 – EKI)  a leading network access and virtualization specialist  today announced the first five new application vendors joining their recently launched Nuvla.io App Vendor Programme built by SixSq to accelerate the delivery and monetization of edge computing applications.App Vendors SixSq (PRNewswire)SixSq's Nuvla.io is a proven B2B digital platform for industrialization and automation of containerized edge applications and device management. Nuvla.io enables  among other things  the deployment of these applications on the Ekinops OneAccess branded network equipment.The first selective innovative vendors bring turnkey apps in their fields:ClearBlade: Logistics and railwayCybus : Manufacturing and machine monitoringC2RO: Next generation GDPR compliant people and crowd tracking solution GDPRAI EdgeLabs : Cyberattack detection driven from AI analysis CyberattackSecuraxis : Smart city audio based real-time analysis using AIApp vendors wishing to join the App Vendor Programme are invited to get in touch with the SixSq team.Details of the App vendor programme can be found here: https://nuvla.io/marketplaceAll press releases are published after the close of trading on Euronext Paris.EKINOPS ContactDidier BrédyChairman and CEOcontact@ekinops.comInvestorsMathieu OmnesInvestor relationTel.: +33 (0)1 53 67 36 92momnes@actus.frPressAmaury DugastPress relationTel.: +33 (0)1 53 67 36 74adugast@actus.frEkinops Logo (PRNewsfoto/Ekinops) (PRNewswire)View original content to download multimedia:SOURCE Ekinops,neutral,0.01,0.98,0.01,neutral,0.04,0.93,0.03,True,English,"['five new App vendors', 'Nuvla.io', 'Ekinops', 'SixSq', 'first five new application vendors', 'Next generation GDPR compliant people', 'Ekinops OneAccess branded network equipment', 'proven B2B digital platform', 'first selective innovative vendors', 'Nuvla.io App Vendor Programme', 'leading network access', 'crowd tracking solution', 'Smart city audio', 'Didier Brédy', 'App Vendors SixSq', 'edge computing applications', 'containerized edge applications', 'AI analysis Cyberattack', 'Cyberattack detection', 'real-time analysis', 'Euronext Paris', 'virtualization specialist', 'device management', 'other things', 'turnkey apps', 'machine monitoring', 'AI EdgeLabs', 'EKINOPS Contact', 'Mathieu Omnes', 'Investor relation', 'Amaury Dugast', 'Ekinops Logo', 'original content', 'SOURCE Ekinops', 'SixSq team', 'press releases', 'Press relation', 'GENEVA', 'PRNewswire', 'delivery', 'monetization', 'industrialization', 'automation', 'deployment', 'fields', 'ClearBlade', 'Logistics', 'railway', 'Cybus', 'Manufacturing', 'C2RO', 'Securaxis', 'touch', 'Details', 'marketplace', 'close', 'trading', 'Chairman', 'CEO', 'Investors', 'Tel.', 'momnes', 'actus', 'adugast', 'PRNewsfoto', 'multimedia', '33', '1 53']",2022-06-13,2022-06-13,uppermichiganssource.com
6389,EuroNext,Bing API,https://nz.finance.yahoo.com/news/fagron-increases-share-capital-exercise-170000510.html,Fagron increases share capital through exercise subscription rights,June 2022 – 7PM CET Fagron increases share capital through exercise subscription rights Fagron announces that as a result of the exercise of subscription rights  32 500 new shares have been issued on 10 June 2022.,Fagron NVRegulated informationNazareth (Belgium)/Rotterdam (The Netherlands)  13 June 2022 – 7PM CETFagron increases share capital through exercise subscription rightsFagron announces that as a result of the exercise of subscription rights  32 500 new shares have been issued on 10 June 2022. These newly issued shares are entitled to dividend as of the 2022 financial year.In accordance with the Belgian transparency legislation  Fagron notes that its total share capital currently amounts to € 502 094 125.17. The total number of shares with voting rights after the issue amounts to 72 992 654 which is also the total number of voting rights (the ‘denominator’). The total number of rights (formerly known as warrants) to subscribe to not yet issued shares with voting rights amounts to 2 153 750.Further informationKaren BergGlobal Investor Relations ManagerTel. +31 6 53 44 91 99karen.berg@fagron.comAbout FagronFagron is a leading global company active in pharmaceutical compounding  focusing on delivering personalized medicine to hospitals  pharmacies  clinics  and patients in 35 countries around the world.Belgian company Fagron NV has its registered office in Nazareth and is listed on Euronext Brussels and Euronext Amsterdam under the ticker symbol ‘FAGR’. Fagron’s operational activities are managed by the Dutch company Fagron BV  which is headquartered in Rotterdam.In the event of differences between the English translation and the Dutch original of this press release  the latter prevails.Please open the link below for the press release:Fagron increases share capital through exercise subscription rights,neutral,0.01,0.97,0.02,neutral,0.02,0.94,0.04,True,English,"['exercise subscription rights', 'share capital', 'Fagron', 'Global Investor Relations Manager', 'leading global company', 'Belgian transparency legislation', 'exercise subscription rights', 'total share capital', 'Belgian company', 'Dutch company', 'total number', 'voting rights', 'Regulated information', 'The Netherlands', '7PM CET', '2022 financial year', 'Further information', 'pharmaceutical compounding', 'personalized medicine', 'registered office', 'Euronext Brussels', 'Euronext Amsterdam', 'ticker symbol', 'operational activities', 'English translation', 'Dutch original', 'press release', 'Fagron NV', 'Fagron BV', '32,500 new shares', 'Karen Berg', 'Nazareth', 'Belgium', 'Rotterdam', '13 June', 'result', '10 June', 'dividend', 'accordance', 'issue', 'denominator', 'warrants', 'Tel.', 'hospitals', 'pharmacies', 'clinics', 'patients', '35 countries', 'world', 'event', 'differences', 'latter', 'link', '31']",2022-06-13,2022-06-13,nz.finance.yahoo.com
6390,EuroNext,Bing API,https://apnews.com/press-release/globe-newswire/health-business-boston-4021216fb8f39eca75ef47ab2f601c4b,Oxurion Announces Two Presentations at The Macula Society 45th Annual Meeting,Oxurion NV (Euronext Brussels: OXUR)  a biopharmaceutical company developing next generation standard of care ophthalmic therapies  with clinical stage assets in vascular retinal disorders  today announced that two presentations were delivered at The Macula Society 45th Annual Meeting ,Press release content from Globe Newswire. The AP news staff was not involved in its creation.Press release content from Globe Newswire. The AP news staff was not involved in its creation.Leuven  BELGIUM  Boston  MA  US – JUNE 13  2022 – Oxurion NV (Euronext Brussels: OXUR)  a biopharmaceutical company developing next generation standard of care ophthalmic therapies  with clinical stage assets in vascular retinal disorders  today announced that two presentations were delivered at The Macula Society 45th Annual Meeting  June 8 -11  2022 in Berlin  Germany.The Macula Society presentations are available under Conferences and Events within the Investors section of the Company’s website.TITLE: KALAHARI: Part A Results of the Phase 2 Study of THR-149  a Plasma Kallikrein Inhibitor  in Subjects with DME Responding Sub optimally to anti-VEGF TreatmentPRESENTER: Shree K. Kurup  MD  Dept. of Ophthalmology  University Hospitals  Cleveland  OHSUMMARY:Multiple IVT injections (up to 3) of THR-149 (0.01  0.04  0.13 mg) are safe and well-toleratedIn the high dose group: A mean BCVA gain of 6.1 letters was seen at Month 3  with gains observed up to Month 6 as well as CST stabilization over the 6-month study period compared to Baseline No need for rescue treatment Post-hoc analysis  excluding 2 subjects with abnormalities on OCT  showed a mean gain in BCVA of 9.3 letters at Month 3  which was maintained up to Month 6ADVERTISEMENTTHR-149 is a potent plasma kallikrein inhibitor being developed as a potential new standard of care for the up to 50% of diabetic macular edema (DME) patients showing suboptimal response to anti-VEGF therapy. Oxurion is evaluating THR-149 for the treatment of DME in Part B  the second part of its two-part Phase 2 KALAHARI trial.TITLE: THR-687  a Potent and Highly Selective RGD Integrin Inhibitor in Development for the Treatment of Diabetic Macular EdemaPRESENTER: Francesco Bandello  Professor and Chairman of the Department of Ophthalmology  VitaSalute  Milan  ItalySUMMARY:Study population was representative of treatment naïve DME patients based on the CRC feedback on OCT at BLMean BL BCVA and CST values were aligned with naïve DME studies for other compoundsThere was insufficient evidence of efficacy on the key endpoints (BCVA and CST)THR-687 is safe and well toleratedNo rescue medication was administered to any of the subjectsThe ocular AEs are consistent with the progressive nature of DME  no toxic drug effects occurredTHR-687 is a highly selective pan-RGD integrin antagonist that Oxurion had been developing as a first line therapy for DME patients. Recently released data from Part A  the first part of its two-part Phase 2 INTEGRAL trial showed THR-687 to be safe and well tolerated with no serious adverse events and none of the patients requiring rescue medication through Month 3  however  there was insufficient evidence of efficacy on the key endpoints (Best-Corrected Visual Acuity and Central Subfield Thickness). As a result  Oxurion has decided not to advance THR-687 to Part B of the INTEGRAL trial.About OxurionOxurion (Euronext Brussels: OXUR) is a biopharmaceutical company developing next generation standard of care ophthalmic therapies  which are designed to improve and better preserve vision in patients with retinal disorders including diabetic macular edema (DME)  the leading cause of vision loss in working-age people  as well as other conditions. Oxurion intends to play an important role in the treatment of retinal disorders  including the successful development of THR-149  its novel therapeutic for the treatment of DME. THR-149 is a potent plasma kallikrein inhibitor being developed as a potential new standard of care for the up to 50% of DME patients showing suboptimal response to anti-VEGF therapy. Oxurion is headquartered in Leuven  Belgium  with corporate operations in Boston  MA. More information is available at www.oxurion.com.ADVERTISEMENTFor more information  please contact:Oxurion NVTom GraneyChief Executive OfficerTel: +32 16 75 13 10tom.graney@oxurion.comMichaël DillenChief Business OfficerTel: +32 16 75 13 10michael.dillen@oxurion.com USConway CommunicationsBeth Kurthbkurth@conwaycommsir.comWestwicke  an ICR CompanyChristopher BrinzeyTel: +1 617 835 9304chris.brinzey@westwicke.comAttachment,neutral,0.02,0.96,0.02,mixed,0.16,0.19,0.65,True,English,"['The Macula Society', '45th Annual Meeting', 'Two Presentations', 'Oxurion', 'The Macula Society 45th Annual Meeting', 'Highly Selective RGD Integrin Inhibitor', 'The Macula Society presentations', 'selective pan-RGD integrin antagonist', 'The AP news staff', 'treatment naïve DME patients', 'naïve DME studies', 'potent plasma kallikrein inhibitor', 'two-part Phase 2 INTEGRAL trial', 'two-part Phase 2 KALAHARI trial', 'next generation standard', 'clinical stage assets', 'Shree K. Kurup', 'Multiple IVT injections', 'high dose group', 'potential new standard', 'diabetic macular edema', 'toxic drug effects', 'Best-Corrected Visual Acuity', 'Central Subfield Thickness', 'Chief Executive Officer', 'Chief Business Officer', 'Beth Kurth bkurth', '6-month study period', 'care ophthalmic therapies', 'serious adverse events', 'Michaël Dillen', 'first line therapy', 'vascular retinal disorders', 'Part A Results', 'mean BCVA gain', 'Mean BL BCVA', 'Phase 2 Study', 'mean gain', 'two presentations', 'first part', 'anti-VEGF therapy', 'Study population', 'DME) patients', 'Part B', 'second part', 'Press release', 'Globe Newswire', 'Euronext Brussels', 'Investors section', 'University Hospitals', 'Post-hoc analysis', 'suboptimal response', 'Francesco Bandello', 'CRC feedback', 'other compounds', 'insufficient evidence', 'key endpoints', 'ocular AEs', 'progressive nature', 'leading cause', 'working-age people', 'other conditions', 'important role', 'novel therapeutic', 'corporate operations', 'Conway Communications', 'anti-VEGF Treatment', 'biopharmaceutical company', 'ICR Company', 'CST stabilization', 'CST values', 'rescue treatment', 'vision loss', 'successful development', 'More information', 'Christopher Brinzey', 'Oxurion NV', 'rescue medication', 'Tom Graney', 'content', 'creation', 'Leuven', 'BELGIUM', 'Boston', 'JUNE', 'Berlin', 'Germany', 'Conferences', 'website', 'TITLE', 'THR-149', 'Subjects', 'PRESENTER', 'MD', 'Dept.', 'Ophthalmology', 'Cleveland', 'OH', 'SUMMARY', '13 mg', '6.1 letters', 'gains', 'Baseline', 'need', 'abnormalities', 'OCT', '9.3 letters', 'ADVERTISEMENT', 'Professor', 'Chairman', 'Department', 'VitaSalute', 'Milan', 'Italy', 'efficacy', 'data', 'none', 'Tel', 'michael', 'Westwicke', 'Attachment', '87', '32']",2022-06-13,2022-06-13,apnews.com
6391,EuroNext,Bing API,https://runwaygirlnetwork.com/2022/06/unibail-rodamco-westfield-urw-terminal-one-at-jfk/,Press Release: URW joins team to deliver $9.5b Terminal One at JFK -,URW announced it has joined NTO as the exclusive commercial developer and manager for the new international terminal that will anchor the south side of JFK.,Unibail-Rodamco-Westfield (URW)  the premier global developer and operator of flagship destinations  today announced it has joined The New Terminal One (NTO) – a consortium of labor  operating and financial partners – as the exclusive commercial developer and manager for the $9.5 billion  2.4 million square foot state-of-the-art new international terminal that will anchor the south side of John F. Kennedy International Airport (JFK).Replacing the existing Terminals 1 and 2 to become JFK’s largest new terminal  the New Terminal One will break ground in 2022 with phased openings beginning in 2026.“The New Terminal One is an unparalleled opportunity to work alongside the world-class team that will set the new standard for international and global terminals in the U.S. ” said Dominic Lowe  Chief Operating Officer  U.S.  at URW. “We are excited to share our expertise  relationships and creativity to help make the New Terminal One an inclusive and amazing experience for all.”URW’s Airports group  with more than 25 years of development and management experience at airports including LAX  Chicago O’Hare  and JFK  will lead all aspects of the project’s non-aeronautical revenue platforms including dining  retail  duty-free  entertainment  and experiential concepts. With a strong emphasis on participation by the local Queens community  URW is committed to advancing opportunities for small  local  and minority-owned businesses across all phases of the development.“We are honored to partner with New Terminal One and the Port Authority of New York and New Jersey to take the airport commercial experience to new heights ” said Mike Salzman  EVP and Group Director  Airports  at URW. “We look forward to working with all stakeholders to deliver a landmark terminal that truly reflects New York City and gives travelers a one-of-a-kind destination along their travel journey.”URW will collaborate with the NTO consortium  which includes world-class airline developer and operator Ferrovial as lead sponsor alongside The Carlyle Group  JLC Infrastructure  and Ullico. The state-of-the-art NTO will be the largest international terminal at John F. Kennedy airport and is grounded in its commitment to engaging the local southeast Queens community  generating local job opportunities  boosting MWBE participation  and creating a uniquely New York sense of place.The 2.4-million-square-foot  23-gate New Terminal One will be sustainably designed and future focused  featuring expansive  naturally lit  public spaces  cutting-edge technology  an array of amenities  and more than 300 000 square feet of dining  retail  lounges  and recreational space.The long-term partnership joins URW’s award-winning portfolio of airport and transit assets including JFK Terminal 8  Westfield World Trade Center  and Fulton Center in New York City  along with Los Angeles International Airport (LAX)  Chicago O’Hare International Airport (ORD) and Miami International Airport (MIA).About Unibail-Rodamco-WestfieldUnibail-Rodamco-Westfield is the premier global developer and operator of flagship destinations  with a portfolio valued at €65.3 Bn as at December 31  2019  of which 86% in retail  6% in offices  5% in convention & exhibition venues and 3% in services. Currently  the Group owns and operates 89 shopping centres  including 55 flagships in the most dynamic cities in Europe and the United States. Its centres welcome 1.2 billion visits per year. Present on 2 continents and in 12 countries  Unibail-Rodamco-Westfield provides a unique platform for retailers and brand events and offers an exceptional and constantly renewed experience for customers.With the support of its 3 400 professionals and an unparalleled track-record and know-how  Unibail-Rodamco-Westfield is ideally positioned to generate superior value and develop world-class projects. As at December 31  2019  the Group had a development pipeline of €8.3 Bn.Unibail-Rodamco-Westfield distinguishes itself by its Better Places 2030 agenda  that sets its ambition to create better places that respect the highest environmental standards and contribute to better cities. Unibail-Rodamco-Westfield stapled shares are listed on Euronext Amsterdam and Euronext Paris (Euronext ticker: URW)  with a secondary listing in Australia through Chess Depositary Interests. The Group benefits from an A- rating from Standard & Poor’s and from an A3 rating from Moody’s.Featured image credited to Unibail-Rodamco-Westfield,neutral,0.01,0.97,0.01,positive,0.9,0.1,0.01,True,English,"['$9.5b Terminal One', 'Press Release', 'URW', 'team', 'JFK', 'expansive, naturally lit, public spaces', 'John F. Kennedy International Airport', '2.4-million-square-foot, 23-gate New Terminal One', '5 billion, 2.4 million square foot state', 'Chicago O’Hare International Airport', 'John F. Kennedy airport', 'Los Angeles International Airport', 'Westfield World Trade Center', 'local southeast Queens community', 'The New Terminal One', 'art new international terminal', 'Miami International Airport', 'local Queens community', 'largest international terminal', 'exclusive commercial developer', 'aeronautical revenue platforms', 'highest environmental standards', 'Chess Depositary Interests', 'largest new terminal', 'premier global developer', 'airport commercial experience', 'New York City', 'New York sense', 'world-class airline developer', 'Chief Operating Officer', 'local job opportunities', 'Better Places 2030 agenda', 'The Carlyle Group', 'Unibail-Rodamco-Westfield stapled shares', '300,000 square feet', '1.2 billion visits', 'small, local', 'Fulton Center', 'landmark terminal', 'new standard', 'New Jersey', 'new heights', 'global terminals', 'The Group', 'world-class team', 'world-class projects', 'JFK Terminal', 'flagship destinations', 'financial partners', 'south side', 'existing Terminals', 'unparalleled opportunity', 'U.S.', 'Dominic Lowe', 'amazing experience', 'management experience', 'duty-free, entertainment', 'experiential concepts', 'strong emphasis', 'minority-owned businesses', 'Port Authority', 'Mike Salzman', 'kind destination', 'travel journey', 'lead sponsor', 'JLC Infrastructure', 'cutting-edge technology', 'recreational space', 'long-term partnership', 'transit assets', 'exhibition venues', 'United States', 'unique platform', 'brand events', 'unparalleled track-record', 'superior value', 'Euronext Amsterdam', 'Euronext Paris', 'Euronext ticker', 'secondary listing', 'A- rating', 'Standard & Poor', 'A3 rating', 'Featured image', 'Group Director', 'MWBE participation', 'award-winning portfolio', '89 shopping centres', 'dynamic cities', 'operator Ferrovial', 'development pipeline', 'Airports group', 'NTO consortium', 'URW', 'manager', 'ground', 'openings', 'expertise', 'relationships', 'creativity', 'inclusive', '25 years', 'LAX', 'aspects', 'dining', 'retail', 'phases', 'EVP', 'stakeholders', 'travelers', 'Ullico', 'commitment', 'array', 'amenities', 'lounges', 'December 31', 'offices', 'convention', 'services', '55 flagships', 'Europe', '2 continents', '12 countries', 'exceptional', 'customers', 'support', '3,400 professionals', 'know-how', 'Bn', 'ambition', 'Australia', 'Moody']",2022-06-11,2022-06-13,runwaygirlnetwork.com
6392,EuroNext,Bing API,https://www.eagletribune.com/region/onward-announces-new-board-appointment/article_e8d53775-d283-55df-823f-4d12271845e7.html,ONWARD Announces New Board Appointment,ONWARD Medical N.V. (Euronext: ONWD)  the medical technology company creating innovative therapies to restore movement  independence  and health in people with spinal cord injury  today announces the appointment of Kristina Dziekan to its Board of Directors.,ONWARD Medical N.V. (Euronext: ONWD)  the medical technology company creating innovative therapies to restore movement  independence  and health in people with spinal cord injury  today announces the appointment of Kristina Dziekan to its Board of Directors.,neutral,0.04,0.94,0.03,neutral,0.01,0.96,0.02,True,English,"['New Board Appointment', 'ONWARD', 'ONWARD Medical N.V.', 'medical technology company', 'spinal cord injury', 'innovative therapies', 'Kristina Dziekan', 'Euronext', 'ONWD', 'movement', 'independence', 'health', 'people', 'appointment', 'Board', 'Directors']",2022-06-13,2022-06-13,eagletribune.com
6393,EuroNext,Bing API,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/correction-marel-transactions-relation-share-134300960.html,Correction: Marel: Transactions in relation to share buyback programs,Correction: In Marel‘s announcement on 13 June 2022 in relation to transaction in connection with the ongoing share buyback programs  information in the attachment was missing. A new file with the complete information has been attached.,"Marel hf.Correction: In Marel‘s announcement on 13 June 2022 in relation to transaction in connection with the ongoing share buyback programs  information in the attachment was missing. A new file with the complete information has been attached.During the days 8-10 June 2022 Marel hf. purchased 690 500 of its own shares on Nasdaq Iceland at the purchase price of ISK 417 608 000 and 32 572 of its own shares on Euronext Amsterdam at the purchase price of EUR 143 746. See further details in attachment and on Marel’s website: marel.com/buybackThe trade is in accordance with Marel’s buyback programs on Nasdaq Iceland and Euronext Amsterdam  announced on 1 June 2022  which are based on the authorization of Marel hf.´s Annual General Meeting regarding the purchase of own shares on 16 March 2022.Marel hf. held 14 705 704 own shares prior to the notified transactions or the equivalent to 1.91% of issued shares in the company and held 15 428 776 own shares after the transactions  or the equivalent of 2.00% of issued shares in the company.Marel hf. has purchased a total of 1 636 954 own shares under the buyback program on Nasdaq Iceland  for a total purchase price of ISK 993 257 124 and a total of 87 372 own shares under the buyback program on Euronext Amsterdam for a total purchase price of EUR 389 188.Buybacks under both programs will amount to a total maximum of 5 000 000 shares  thereof 4 000 000 on Nasdaq Iceland and 1 000 000 on Euronext Amsterdam  or the equivalent of total 0.65% of issued shares. The maximum total purchase price of the program on Nasdaq Iceland is up to ISK 3 047 668 000 and the maximum total purchase price of the program on Euronext Amsterdam is up to EUR 5 590 000. The buyback program on Nasdaq Iceland is in effect from 1 June 2022 until and including 1 September 2022. The buyback program on Euronext Amsterdam is in effect from 2 June 2022 until and including 2 September 2022.The buyback programs are executed in accordance with Chapter VIII. of the Icelandic Act No. 2/1995 on Public Limited Companies  Regulation No. 596/2014 of the European Parliament and of the Council on market abuse (""MAR"")  and the Commission’s delegated regulation 2016/1052 cf. also Icelandic Act No. 6/2021 on measures against Market Abuse.Story continuesInvestor relationsFor further information  please contact Marel Investor Relations via email ir@marel.com or tel. +354 563 8001.About MarelMarel (NASDAQ: MAREL; AEX: MAREL) is a leading global provider of advanced food processing equipment  systems  software  and services to the poultry  meat and fish industries. In line with its 2017- 2026 growth strategy  Marel has gradually expanded its business model into adjacent industries  where most recently the acquisition of Wenger has added a fourth pillar focused on pet food  plant-based protein and aqua feed. Our united team of over 7 500 employees in over 6 continents delivered EUR 1.4 billion in revenues in 2021. Annually  Marel invests around 6% of revenues in innovation. By continuously transforming food processing  we enable our customers to increase yield and throughput  ensure food safety and improve sustainability in food production. Marel was listed on NASDAQ Iceland in 1992 and dual-listed on Euronext Amsterdam in June 2019. For further information  please visit marel.com/ir.Attachment",negative,0.02,0.42,0.56,mixed,0.28,0.19,0.53,True,English,"['buyback programs', 'Correction', 'Marel', 'Transactions', 'relation', 'advanced food processing equipment', 'ongoing share buyback programs', 'maximum total purchase price', 'Annual General Meeting', 'Public Limited Companies', 'leading global provider', '2017- 2026 growth strategy', 'Marel Investor Relations', 'total maximum', 'pet food', 'food safety', 'food production', 'new file', 'Euronext Amsterdam', 'Chapter VIII', 'Icelandic Act', 'European Parliament', 'market abuse', 'fish industries', 'business model', 'adjacent industries', 'fourth pillar', 'plant-based protein', 'aqua feed', 'united team', 'Nasdaq Iceland', 'Regulation No.', 'Marel hf', 'complete information', 'total 0.', 'Correction', 'announcement', '13 June', 'transaction', 'connection', 'attachment', 'days', 'shares', 'ISK', 'details', 'website', 'trade', 'accordance', '1 June', 'authorization', '16 March', 'equivalent', 'company', '1,636,954 own', '87,372 own', 'Buybacks', 'effect', '1 September', '2 June', '2 September', 'Council', 'Commission', 'measures', 'Story', 'email', 'tel', 'AEX', 'systems', 'software', 'services', 'meat', 'line', 'acquisition', 'Wenger', '7,500 employees', '6 continents', 'revenues', 'innovation', 'customers', 'yield', 'throughput', 'sustainability', '14,705,704', '15', '428,776']",2022-06-13,2022-06-13,finance.yahoo.com
6394,EuroNext,Bing API,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/marel-transactions-relation-share-buyback-123000125.html,Marel: Transactions in relation to share buyback programs,June 2022 Marel hf. purchased 690 500 of its own shares on Nasdaq Iceland at the purchase price of ISK 417 608 000 and 32 572 of its own shares on Euronext Amsterdam at the purchase price of EUR 143 746.,"Marel hf.During the days 8-10 June 2022 Marel hf. purchased 690 500 of its own shares on Nasdaq Iceland at the purchase price of ISK 417 608 000 and 32 572 of its own shares on Euronext Amsterdam at the purchase price of EUR 143 746. See further details in attachment and on Marel’s website: marel.com/buybackThe trade is in accordance with Marel’s buyback programs on Nasdaq Iceland and Euronext Amsterdam  announced on 1 June 2022  which are based on the authorization of Marel hf.´s Annual General Meeting regarding the purchase of own shares on 16 March 2022.Marel hf. held 14 705 704 own shares prior to the notified transactions or the equivalent to 1.91% of issued shares in the company and held 15 428 776 own shares after the transactions  or the equivalent of 2.00% of issued shares in the company.Marel hf. has purchased a total of 1 636 954 own shares under the buyback program on Nasdaq Iceland  for a total purchase price of ISK 993 257 124 and a total of 87 372 own shares under the buyback program on Euronext Amsterdam for a total purchase price of EUR 389 188.Buybacks under both programs will amount to a total maximum of 5 000 000 shares  thereof 4 000 000 on Nasdaq Iceland and 1 000 000 on Euronext Amsterdam  or the equivalent of total 0.65% of issued shares. The maximum total purchase price of the program on Nasdaq Iceland is up to ISK 3 047 668 000 and the maximum total purchase price of the program on Euronext Amsterdam is up to EUR 5 590 000. The buyback program on Nasdaq Iceland is in effect from 1 June 2022 until and including 1 September 2022. The buyback program on Euronext Amsterdam is in effect from 2 June 2022 until and including 2 September 2022.The buyback programs are executed in accordance with Chapter VIII. of the Icelandic Act No. 2/1995 on Public Limited Companies  Regulation No. 596/2014 of the European Parliament and of the Council on market abuse (""MAR"")  and the Commission’s delegated regulation 2016/1052 cf. also Icelandic Act No. 6/2021 on measures against Market Abuse.Story continuesInvestor relationsFor further information  please contact Marel Investor Relations via email ir@marel.com or tel. +354 563 8001.About MarelMarel (NASDAQ: MAREL; AEX: MAREL) is a leading global provider of advanced food processing equipment  systems  software  and services to the poultry  meat and fish industries. In line with its 2017- 2026 growth strategy  Marel has gradually expanded its business model into adjacent industries  where most recently the acquisition of Wenger has added a fourth pillar focused on pet food  plant-based protein and aqua feed. Our united team of over 7 500 employees in over 6 continents delivered EUR 1.4 billion in revenues in 2021. Annually  Marel invests around 6% of revenues in innovation. By continuously transforming food processing  we enable our customers to increase yield and throughput  ensure food safety and improve sustainability in food production. Marel was listed on NASDAQ Iceland in 1992 and dual-listed on Euronext Amsterdam in June 2019. For further information  please visit marel.com/ir.Attachment",neutral,0.03,0.89,0.08,positive,0.56,0.36,0.08,True,English,"['buyback programs', 'Marel', 'Transactions', 'relation', 'advanced food processing equipment', 'maximum total purchase price', 'Annual General Meeting', 'Public Limited Companies', 'leading global provider', '2017- 2026 growth strategy', 'Marel Investor Relations', 'total maximum', 'pet food', 'food safety', 'food production', 'Euronext Amsterdam', 'Chapter VIII', 'Icelandic Act', 'European Parliament', 'market abuse', 'fish industries', 'business model', 'adjacent industries', 'fourth pillar', 'plant-based protein', 'aqua feed', 'united team', 'Nasdaq Iceland', 'buyback programs', 'Regulation No.', 'Marel hf.', '87,372 own shares', 'total 0.', '1,636,954 own', '5,000,000 shares', 'days', 'June', 'ISK', 'details', 'attachment', 'website', 'trade', 'accordance', 'authorization', '16 March', 'transactions', 'equivalent', 'company', 'Buybacks', 'effect', '1 September', '2 September', 'Council', 'Commission', 'measures', 'Story', 'information', 'email', 'tel', 'AEX', 'systems', 'software', 'services', 'poultry', 'meat', 'line', 'acquisition', 'Wenger', '7,500 employees', '6 continents', 'revenues', 'innovation', 'customers', 'yield', 'throughput', 'sustainability', '705,704', '15', '428,776']",2022-06-13,2022-06-13,finance.yahoo.com
6395,EuroNext,Twitter API,Twitter,Has published an equity research update on @hybrid_plc  listed on the @Euronext  https://t.co/vWmNQFS7iR… https://t.co/S2EcUNE44Q,nan,Has published an equity research update on @hybrid_plc  listed on the @Euronext  https://t.co/vWmNQFS7iR… https://t.co/S2EcUNE44Q,neutral,0.02,0.96,0.02,neutral,0.02,0.96,0.02,True,English,"['equity research update', 'vWmNQFS7iR', 'S2EcUNE44Q', 'equity research update', 'vWmNQFS7iR', 'S2EcUNE44Q']",2022-06-13,2022-06-13,Unknown
6396,EuroNext,Twitter API,Twitter,@RizoStonks @PeterRHann1 And THIS is exactly how they do it... running their schemes thru Euronext  the universal t… https://t.co/5ZwbIkl2DT,nan,@RizoStonks @PeterRHann1 And THIS is exactly how they do it... running their schemes thru Euronext  the universal t… https://t.co/5ZwbIkl2DT,neutral,0.06,0.9,0.04,neutral,0.06,0.9,0.04,True,English,"['universal t', 'RizoStonks', 'PeterRHann1', 'schemes', 'Euronext', 'ZwbIkl2DT', 'universal t', 'RizoStonks', 'PeterRHann1', 'schemes', 'Euronext', 'ZwbIkl2DT']",2022-06-13,2022-06-13,Unknown
6397,EuroNext,Twitter API,Twitter,🔔Today  @broadpeak entered @euronext Growth Paris  a milestone that will allow us to reach even higher peaks! A hug… https://t.co/4g0qLqYpZK,nan,🔔Today  @broadpeak entered @euronext Growth Paris  a milestone that will allow us to reach even higher peaks! A hug… https://t.co/4g0qLqYpZK,positive,0.54,0.44,0.01,positive,0.54,0.44,0.01,True,English,"['euronext Growth Paris', 'higher peaks', 'broadpeak', 'milestone', 'hug', 'g0qLqYpZK', 'euronext Growth Paris', 'higher peaks', 'broadpeak', 'milestone', 'hug', 'g0qLqYpZK']",2022-06-13,2022-06-13,Unknown
6398,EuroNext,Twitter API,Twitter,French video streaming software Broadpeak lists on Euronext Growth Paris https://t.co/k5Yuw4zIUF,nan,French video streaming software Broadpeak lists on Euronext Growth Paris https://t.co/k5Yuw4zIUF,neutral,0.01,0.99,0.01,neutral,0.01,0.99,0.01,True,English,"['French video streaming software', 'Euronext Growth Paris', 'Broadpeak lists', 'French video streaming software', 'Euronext Growth Paris', 'Broadpeak lists']",2022-06-13,2022-06-13,Unknown
6399,EuroNext,Twitter API,Twitter,Broadpeak Lists On Euronext Growth Paris https://t.co/0eOoa3SufN https://t.co/koNJfJLAKp,nan,Broadpeak Lists On Euronext Growth Paris https://t.co/0eOoa3SufN https://t.co/koNJfJLAKp,neutral,0.02,0.96,0.03,neutral,0.02,0.96,0.03,True,English,"['Euronext Growth Paris', 'Broadpeak Lists', '0eOoa3SufN', 'koNJfJLAKp', 'Euronext Growth Paris', 'Broadpeak Lists', '0eOoa3SufN', 'koNJfJLAKp']",2022-06-13,2022-06-13,Unknown
6400,EuroNext,Twitter API,Twitter,French video streaming software Broadpeak lists on Euronext Growth Paris https://t.co/TgeWvaxoz4,nan,French video streaming software Broadpeak lists on Euronext Growth Paris https://t.co/TgeWvaxoz4,neutral,0.01,0.98,0.01,neutral,0.01,0.98,0.01,True,English,"['French video streaming software', 'Euronext Growth Paris', 'Broadpeak lists', 'TgeWvaxoz4', 'French video streaming software', 'Euronext Growth Paris', 'Broadpeak lists', 'TgeWvaxoz4']",2022-06-13,2022-06-13,Unknown
6401,EuroNext,Twitter API,Twitter,French video streaming software Broadpeak lists on Euronext Growth Paris https://t.co/xEQOuahtT0,nan,French video streaming software Broadpeak lists on Euronext Growth Paris https://t.co/xEQOuahtT0,neutral,0.01,0.98,0.01,neutral,0.01,0.98,0.01,True,English,"['French video streaming software', 'Euronext Growth Paris', 'Broadpeak lists', 'xEQOuahtT0', 'French video streaming software', 'Euronext Growth Paris', 'Broadpeak lists', 'xEQOuahtT0']",2022-06-13,2022-06-13,Unknown
6402,EuroNext,Twitter API,Twitter,French #video #streaming software Broadpeak has now listed on #Euronext Growth Paris#IPO #frenchstartup #listing https://t.co/O89qqa3YSM,nan,French #video #streaming software Broadpeak has now listed on #Euronext Growth Paris#IPO #frenchstartup #listing https://t.co/O89qqa3YSM,neutral,0.03,0.96,0.02,neutral,0.03,0.96,0.02,True,English,"['French #video', 'streaming software', 'Broadpeak', 'frenchstartup', 'listing', 'O89qqa3YSM', 'French #video', 'streaming software', 'Broadpeak', 'frenchstartup', 'listing', 'O89qqa3YSM']",2022-06-13,2022-06-13,Unknown
6403,EuroNext,Twitter API,Twitter,We had an amazing morning being welcomed by @euronext 🔔 #bourse #StockMarket @euronext_fr https://t.co/YuGHv4d7D7,nan,We had an amazing morning being welcomed by @euronext 🔔 #bourse #StockMarket @euronext_fr https://t.co/YuGHv4d7D7,positive,0.99,0.01,0.0,positive,0.99,0.01,0.0,True,English,"['amazing morning', 'StockMarket', 'euronext', 'amazing morning', 'StockMarket', 'euronext']",2022-06-13,2022-06-13,Unknown
6404,EuroNext,Twitter API,Twitter,Proud to be part of @euronext Tech Leaders  dedicated to highlighting the visibility and attractiveness of high-gro… https://t.co/zYsf0YOrha,nan,Proud to be part of @euronext Tech Leaders  dedicated to highlighting the visibility and attractiveness of high-gro… https://t.co/zYsf0YOrha,positive,0.96,0.03,0.0,positive,0.96,0.03,0.0,True,English,"['part', 'visibility', 'attractiveness', 'zYsf0YOrha', 'part', 'visibility', 'attractiveness', 'zYsf0YOrha']",2022-06-13,2022-06-13,Unknown
6405,EuroNext,Twitter API,Twitter,📌16/06 – Salidas a Bolsa | Por @euronext &amp; @UpBizor 📌16/06 – Building Bridges between startup ecosystems in Lithu… https://t.co/0el0lib23d,nan,📌16/06 – Salidas a Bolsa | Por @euronext &amp; @UpBizor 📌16/06 – Building Bridges between startup ecosystems in Lithu… https://t.co/0el0lib23d,neutral,0.04,0.94,0.02,neutral,0.04,0.94,0.02,True,English,"['startup ecosystems', 'Salidas', 'Bolsa', 'UpBizor', 'Building', 'Bridges', 'startup ecosystems', 'Salidas', 'Bolsa', 'UpBizor', 'Building', 'Bridges']",2022-06-13,2022-06-13,Unknown
6406,EuroNext,Twitter API,Twitter,We are delighted to welcome today @broadpeak on Euronext Growth Paris. A leading player in the video streaming soft… https://t.co/8Ok9f1EpbH,nan,We are delighted to welcome today @broadpeak on Euronext Growth Paris. A leading player in the video streaming soft… https://t.co/8Ok9f1EpbH,positive,0.75,0.24,0.01,positive,0.75,0.24,0.01,True,English,"['Euronext Growth Paris', 'leading player', 'video streaming', 'broadpeak', '8Ok9f1EpbH', 'Euronext Growth Paris', 'leading player', 'video streaming', 'broadpeak', '8Ok9f1EpbH']",2022-06-13,2022-06-13,Unknown
