UID,Searchword,API,URL,Title,Summary,Article,Title_Sentiment,Title_Positive,Title_Neutral,Title_Negative,Article_Sentiment,Article_Positive,Article_Neutral,Article_Negative,Verified,Language,Topics,Date,Load_Date,Source
40786,Euroclear,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/BALTIC-HORIZON-FUND-44154883/news/Baltic-Horizon-Fund-General-Meeting-notice-to-investors-46707396/,Baltic Horizon Fund General Meeting – notice to investors,(marketscreener.com) Northern Horizon Capital AS invites Baltic Horizon Fund unit-holders and Swedish Depositary Receipt holders to attend an annual General Meeting of Baltic Horizon Fund on 3 June 2024 at 14:00 at the office of Northern Horizon Capital AS at…,Northern Horizon Capital AS invites Baltic Horizon Fund unit-holders and Swedish Depositary Receipt (hereinafter the “SDR”) holders (hereinafter together the “Investors”) to attend an annual General Meeting (hereinafter the “General Meeting”) of Baltic Horizon Fund on 3 June 2024 at 14:00 (local Estonian time) at the office of Northern Horizon Capital AS at Hobujaama 5  5th floor  10151 Tallinn  Estonia. Registration for the meeting will begin at 13:00. The General Meeting will be held in English.The meeting is convened in accordance with sections 10.4 and 10.6 of the Rules of Baltic Horizon Fund and section 47-1 of the Investment Funds Act of Estonia.The total number of units and votes in Baltic Horizon Fund amounts to 119 635 429.Investors may also join the webinar to view the General Meeting online on 3 June 2024 at 14:00.To join the webinar  please register via the following link:https://nasdaq.zoom.us/webinar/register/WN_UUGd8n3sTbGhEo299ulW6Q#/registrationYou will be provided with the webinar link and instructions how to join successfully. The webinar will be recorded and available online for everyone at the company’s website on www.baltichorizon.com .AgendaPresentation of the FY2023 audited annual report of Baltic Horizon Fund  interim report of Q1 2024 and latest leasing and financial update of the Fund.There are no agenda items requiring voting at the General Meeting.Investors are invited to send questions and comments on the agenda to the Baltic Horizon fund manager at Tarmo.Karotam@nh-cap.com by 27 May 2024. Northern Horizon Capital AS will respond to the questions and comments at the meeting itself.Participation – requirements and noticeInvestors who are entered in the Baltic Horizon Fund registry of unit-holders maintained by Nasdaq CSD SE and holders of SDRs registered in the Euroclear Sweden AB system ten days before the date of the General Meeting  i.e. at the end of business of Nasdaq CSD SE on 24 May 2024  are entitled to participate in the meeting.In order to facilitate the registration process  investors whose units are registered in their own name are invited to provide notice of their attendance by 29 May 2024 to bhfmeeting@nh-cap.com . Notice should include name  personal identification number (or the registration number of the legal person)  address  number of units represented and  if applicable attendance of any representatives  along with the name and personal identification number of the representatives. The attendance of a representative does not deprive the unit-holder of the right to participate at the meeting.Instructions to holders of Baltic Horizon Fund SDRs registered with Euroclear Sweden AB in SwedenIMPORTANT REQUIREMENT: SDR holders whose SDR-s are registered with Euroclear Sweden AB via a bank or other nominee are required to notify their bank or nominee account provider by 24 May 2024 to temporarily add their name on the Euroclear Sweden AB owner register.Notice of participation should also be sent by 16:00 EET on 29 May 2024 to bhfmeeting@nh-cap.com . Notice should include name  personal identification number (or the registration number of the legal person)  address  number of units represented and  if applicable  attendance of any representatives  along with the name and personal identification number of the representatives. The attendance of a representative does not deprive the Investor of the right to participate at the meeting.Representation under a power of attorneyInvestors whose representatives are acting under a power of attorney are requested to prepare a written power of attorney for the representative in Estonian or English (templates can be found at Annex 1).A copy of the executed power of attorney should be sent to bhfmeeting@nh-cap.com together with the notice of participation. In case the power of attorney is issued by a legal person  a certified copy of the registration certificate (or equivalent certificate of authority) shall also be submitted together with  as applicable  the documents certifying the authority of the representative in case the power of attorney is signed by a person under a power of attorney.Baltic Horizon Fund is registered in Estonia  which means that any power of attorney (or any certified copy of the registration certificate of a legal person) issued in a foreign country should be notarised and accompanied by an apostille. The apostille requirement applies  for example  to powers of attorney issued and notarised in Sweden or Finland.Instructions for the day of the General MeetingWe kindly ask Investors to bring a personal identification document  and for their representatives also to present the original written power of attorney in English or Estonian. In case the Investor is a legal person  documentation in Estonian or English certifying the authority of the Investor’s representative or the signatory of the power of attorney will also be requested.Data collected by Northern Horizon Capital AS from powers of attorney  the unitholders registry maintained by Nasdaq CSD SE  and the list of holders of SDRs registered in the Euroclear Sweden AB system will be used for the purpose of registration for the meeting.Annex 1:Form of power of attorney to appoint a representative for the general meeting (in Estonian)Form of power of attorney to appoint a representative for the general meeting (in English)For additional information  please contact:Tarmo KarotamBaltic Horizon Fund managerE-mail tarmo.karotam@nh-cap.comwww.baltichorizon.comBaltic Horizon Fund is a registered contractual public closed-end real estate fund managed by Alternative Investment Fund Manager license holder Northern Horizon Capital AS. Both the Fund and the Management Company are supervised by the Estonian Financial Supervision Authority.Distribution: Nasdaq  GlobeNewswire  www.baltichorizon.comTo receive Nasdaq announcements and news from Baltic Horizon Fund about its projects  plans and more  register on www.baltichorizon.com. You can also follow Baltic Horizon Fund on www.baltichorizon.com and on LinkedIn  Facebook  X and YouTube.Attachments,neutral,0.02,0.98,0.0,neutral,0.03,0.95,0.02,True,English,"['Baltic Horizon Fund General Meeting', 'notice', 'investors', 'Euroclear Sweden AB owner register', 'Northern Horizon Capital AS', 'FY2023 audited annual report', 'Euroclear Sweden AB system', 'Baltic Horizon fund manager', 'Baltic Horizon Fund registry', 'Baltic Horizon Fund unit-holders', 'Baltic Horizon Fund SDRs', 'Swedish Depositary Receipt', 'Hobujaama 5, 5th floor', 'Investment Funds Act', 'personal identification document', 'Nasdaq CSD SE', 'nominee account provider', 'personal identification number', 'local Estonian time', 'annual General Meeting', 'The General Meeting', 'original written power', 'interim report', 'unitholders registry', 'nasdaq.zoom', 'other nominee', 'total number', 'following link', 'latest leasing', 'financial update', 'IMPORTANT REQUIREMENT', 'equivalent certificate', 'foreign country', 'registration number', 'legal person', 'registration process', 'registration certificate', 'certified copy', 'apostille requirement', 'agenda items', 'webinar link', 'SDR holders', 'Investors', '3 June', 'office', '10151 Tallinn', 'English', 'accordance', 'sections', 'Rules', 'units', 'votes', 'WN_UUGd8n3sTbGhEo299ulW6Q', 'instructions', 'everyone', 'company', 'website', 'baltichorizon', 'Presentation', 'Q1 2024', 'voting', 'questions', 'comments', 'Tarmo', 'Karotam', '27 May', 'Participation', 'requirements', 'notice', 'business', '24 May', 'order', 'name', 'attendance', '29 May', 'bhfmeeting', 'address', 'applicable', 'representatives', 'right', 'SDR-s', 'bank', '16:00 EET', 'attorney', 'templates', 'Annex', 'case', 'authority', 'documents', 'example', 'powers', 'Finland', 'day', 'documentation', 'signatory', 'Data', 'list']",2024-05-13,2024-05-14,marketscreener.com
40787,Euroclear,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/ARTMARKET-COM-5174/news/Artmarket-com-Artmarket-com-CIHA-Lyon-2024-France-Artprice-is-an-active-sponsor-of-the-Int-46707718/,Artmarket.com :  Artmarket.com: CIHA Lyon 2024 - France. Artprice is an active sponsor of the International Congress of Art History (CIHA) which this year will be attended by a thousand researchers from over 70 countries.,(marketscreener.com)  The Comité International d'Histoire de l'Art has existed since 1873 and its congresses have usually taken place every four years .The only global event in this field  it allows researchers and professionals from the art and heritage d…,"The Comité International d'Histoire de l'Art (CIHA) has existed since 1873 and its congresses have usually taken place every four years (sometimes colloquially referred to as the Art History Olympiad).The only global event in this field  it allows researchers and professionals from the art and heritage disciplines to discuss  share  and debate a wide range of issues relating to art history and all of its political  social  and societal ramifications.For France  which is hosting the 2024 Olympic Games in Paris  the CIHA will rank among the country's major events of the year.[https://imgpublic.artprice.com/img/wp/sites/11/2024/05/image1-36e-CIHA.png]Organized by the French Art History Committee (CFHA) in partnership with the National Institute of Art History ( INHA )  the Lumière University Lyon 2 and the Rhône-Alpes Historical Research Laboratory ( LARHRA CNRS UMR 5190)  the 36th edition of this congress will take place at the Congress Center of the Cité Internationale de Lyon from June 23 to 28  2024 ( https://www.cihalyon2024.fr/en/ )According to thierry Ehrmann  CEO of Artmarket.com and founder of Artprice:“As one of its principal active patrons  Artprice is very happy to contribute to this global event  which is one of the most important for France and its international cultural policy. With participants from over 70 countries and more than 1000 speakers  this year 's CIHA will be a superb intellectual complement to the 2024 Olympic Games in Paris. Indeed  t his extraordinary quadrennial Art History Congress consolidates France's efforts to re-establish itself as an important cultural player on the international scene ( according to Artprice 's Annual Art Market Report  it is already the leading art marketplace in continental Europe). We will of course be very pleased to welcome CIHA delegates to the global headquarters of Artprice by Artmarket  in the heart of the Contemporary Art Museum  La Demeure du Chaos / Abode of Chaos. ”The theme of this 36th edition of the CIHA is “Matter and Materiality” which is “inherent to the conception  production  interpretation and conservation of artifacts in all cultures across all periods of time… The concept of materiality … refers to the fact that the artifacts are composed of materials and  at a theoretical level  to all the processes — technical  cultural and social — that undergird the realization and the material perception of works of art.This theme opens onto a whole panoply of very topical questions that reflect major societal  ecological and ethical changes. The congress will also address a wide range of technical issues relating to different categories of objects  from paintings to prints  from architectural techniques to the use of waste materials  from the human body to clothing  among others.Discover the CIHA program online: https://openagenda.com/fr/ciha-2024According to Olivier Bonfait  President of the French Committee for the History of Art (CFHA)  organizer of the CIHA 2024:“By the quality and diversity of the planned discussions   the growing number of participants and the international response it has received   this A rt H istory C ongress is already a global success. And   considering Artprice's contribution to Art History by enhancing art market transparency  their support of this Congress is a great honor and makes perfect sense . Because the I nternational C ongress in Lyon is essentially a major celebration of Art History knowledge.”During the congress  there will be more than 1000 speakers from more than 70 countries and Turkish author Orhan Pamuk  a Nobel Prize laureate  will deliver the opening speech.Among the talks on the multiple subjects related to the main themes of the congress  there will be presentations by several prestigious speakers including Georges Didi-Huberman (EHESS  Paris)  Éric de Chassey (INHA  Paris)  Sven Dupré (Utrecht University  Netherlands)  Finbarr Barry Flood (New York University  New York  USA)  Tim Ingold (University of Aberdeen  Scotland)  Isabelle Pallot-Frossard (President of the Fondation des Sciences du Patrimoine  Paris)  Antoine Picon (Harvard University Graduate School of Design  Cambridge  USA)  Devika Singh (Courtauld Institute  London)  Gabriela Siracusano (Universidad Nacional Tres de Febrero  Buenos Aires  Argentina) and Monika Wagner (Universität Hamburg  Hamburg).Several round tables will address issues related to digital technology  the art market  libraries  international research and restoration programs. And because the congress cannot address the subject of ‘matter' without giving a voice to those who work on it  two international artists will present their relationship to materiality (in partnership with the Museum of Contemporary Art in Lyon): Sheela Gowda (from India) and Jefferson Pinder (from the USA  with support from the Terra Foundation). Artprice and its L'Organe Museum of Contemporary Art which manages La Demeure du Chaos (otherwise known as the “Abode of Chaos”  D ixit The New York Times) will participate in collaborative knowledge-sharing workshops.In the evenings  discussions will continue during exceptional events organized with partner museums and foundations and the support of active patrons.A special evening will be hosted at the global headquarters of Artprice by Artmarket  with a visit to its historical and unique documentary archive of art market knowledge from 1700 to the present day  located in the heart of its Contemporary Art Museum at the Abode of Chaos. A meeting will also be scheduled between its founding President  thierry Ehrmann  the scientific managers of the different departments of Artprice and CIHA researchers.In addition  the Circle of Lyon Museum Patrons will host a reception at the Lyon Museum of Fine Arts during which restored works from its collection will be presented  and Lyon's Museum of Contemporary Art will host the re-edition of a banquet designed by the Swiss artist Daniel Spoerri  thanks to a loan from the National Center of Visual Arts and the collaboration of Michelin-starred Lyon-based chef  Jérémy Galvan.There will also be various heritage excursions to the surrounding Auvergne / Rhône-Alpes region during the last day of the congress (Friday 28 June 2024). Congress participants will thus be able to discover some important cultural places such as the buildings designed by Le Corbusier (Firminy and Le Couvent de la Tourette)  the monumental heritage at Bâtie d'Urfé and Puy-en-Velay  the exceptional Palais Idéal du Facteur Cheval (Postman Cheval's Ideal Palace)  the Royal Monastery of Brou and the major museums of the region including those of Grenoble and Saint-Etienne  as well as important sites for conservation and restoration techniques (ARC Nucléart in Grenoble).Throughout the congress  participants will be able to visit the city's museums  contemporary art centers and galleries  and discover the architectural heritage of the city's different eras (the Old Lyon district  the buildings designed by Tony Garnier  the city's industrial heritage  etc.). Lyon is classified as a UNESCO World Heritage Site.Artprice by Artmarket will be participating in a simultaneous Book Fair at the Lyon Convention Center that will allow participants to discover the most recent publications from major French and international publishers. Presentations of publications related to the theme of the congress will allow participants to meet and discuss with their authors from all over the world.The CIHA is placed under the high sponsorship of the Ministry of Culture and its Minister Rachida Dati  the Ministry of Europe & Foreign Affairs and its Minister Stéphane Séjourné  the Ministry of Higher Education & Research and its Minister Sylvie Retailleau. It is supported by major institutions: the National Center for Scientific Research  the National Institute of Art History  the École du Louvre  the Université Lumière Lyon 2  the École Nationale Supérieure de Lyon  and the Grenoble Alpes University.The organizers would like to thank all the foundations and patrons who have sponsored the travel arrangements of speakers  regardless of their geographical origin  thanks to mobility grants: Gerda Henkel Stiftung (Düsseldorf)  Deutsches Forum Für Kunstgeschichte (Paris)  Fundación Proa (Buenos Aires)  Getty Foundation (Los Angeles)  Tiqitaq Foundation (France)  Italian Cultural Institute of Lyon  Samuel H. Kress Foundation (New York)  Wu Zuoren International Foundation of Fine Arts (Beijing).At the same time  foundations  cultural partners and companies have contributed to the organization of the congress: Artprice by Artmarket  Antoine de Galbert Foundation  Bullukian Foundation (Lyon)  macLYON – Museum of Contemporary Art of Lyon  the Lyon Museum of Fine Arts  the Gadagne Museums  the Musée l'Organe managing La Demeure du Chaos / Abode of Chaos  the Terra Foundation for American Art  the Academy of Fine Arts  and numerous individuals.The CIHA Lyon 2024 Congress is open to anyone interested in art  Art History and cultural heritage.Register and take part in all the opportunities this exceptional congress offers you including professional exchanges  the consolidation of your networks  unique and convivial moments  discoveries of all kinds  and privileged visits to the region's extraordinary heritage.To register for the conference: https://www.cihalyon2024.fr/en/registrationTo give financial support to the conference:https://www.cihalyon2024.fr/en/help-us-intro/patronageWelcome to Lyon  the global capital of Art History in June 2024. We look forward to meeting youContact: CIHA-Lyon-2024@cfha-web.frThe Management CommitteeLaurent Baridon  Judith Kagan  France Nerlich  Sophie Rauxhttps://imgpublic.artprice.com/img/wp/sites/11/2024/05/image2-Siege-social-Artmarket.jpgImages :[https://imgpublic.artprice.com/img/wp/sites/11/2024/05/image1-36e-CIHA.png][https://imgpublic.artprice.com/img/wp/sites/11/2024/05/image2-Siege-social-Artmarket.jpg]Copyright 1987-2024 thierry Ehrmann www.artprice.com - www.artmarket.comDon't hesitate to contact our E conometrics Department for your requirements regarding statistics and personalized studies: econometrics@artprice.comTry our services (free demo): https://www.artprice.com/demoSubscribe to our services: https://www.artprice.com/subscriptionAbout Artmarket:Artmarket.com is listed on Eurolist by Euronext Paris  and Euroclear: 7478 - Bloomberg: PRC - Reuters: ARTF.Discover Artmarket and its Artprice department on video: www.artprice.com/videoArtmarket and its Artprice department was founded in 1997 by its CEO  thierry Ehrmann. Artmarket and its Artprice department is controlled by Groupe Serveur  created in 1987.See certified biography in Who's who ©:https://imgpublic.artprice.com/img/wp/sites/11/2024/02/2024_Biographie_thierry_Ehrmann_WhosWhoInFrance.pdfArtmarket is a global player in the Art Market with  among other structures  its Artprice department  world leader in the accumulation  management and exploitation of historical and current art market information (the original documentary archives  codex manuscripts  annotated books and auction catalogs acquired over the years ) in databanks containing over 30 million indices and auction results  covering more than 840 000 artists.Artprice by Artmarket  the world leader in information on the art market  has set itself the ambition through its Global Standardized Marketplace to be the world's leading Fine Art NFT platform.Artprice Images® allows unlimited access to the largest Art Market image bank in the world: no less than 180 million digital images of photographs or engraved reproductions of artworks from 1700 to the present day  commented by our art historians.Artmarket with its Artprice department accumulates data on a permanent basis from 7200 Auction Houses and produces key Art Market information for the main press and media agencies (7 200 publications). Its 7.2 million (‘members log in'+social media) users have access to ads posted by other members  a network that today represents the leading Global Standardized Marketplace® to buy and sell artworks at a fixed or bid price (auctions regulated by paragraphs 2 and 3 of Article L 321.3 of France's Commercial Code).The Art Market's future is now brighter than ever with Artprice's Artmarket® Intuitive AIArtmarket  with its Artprice department  has twice been awarded the State label ""Innovative Company"" by the Public Investment Bank (BPI)  which has supported the company in its project to consolidate its position as a global player in the art market.Artprice by Artmarket's Global Art Market Report  “The Art Market in 2023”  published in March 2024:https://www.artprice.com/artprice-reports/the-art-market-in-2023Artprice by Artmarket publishes its 2023 Contemporary Art Market Report:https://www.artprice.com/artprice-reports/the-contemporary-art-market-report-2023Index of press releases posted by Artmarket with its Artprice department:https://serveur.serveur.com/artmarket/press-release/en/Follow all the Art Market news in real time with Artmarket and its Artprice department on Facebook and Twitter:www.facebook.com/artpricedotcom/ (over 6.5 million followers)twitter.com/artmarketdotcomtwitter.com/artpricedotcomDiscover the alchemy and universe of Artmarket and its artprice department https://www.artprice.com/video headquartered at the famous Organe Contemporary Art Museum “The Abode of Chaos” (dixit The New York Times): https://issuu.com/demeureduchaos/docs/demeureduchaos-abodeofchaos-opus-ix-1999-2013La Demeure du Chaos / Abode of ChaosGESAMTKUNSTWERK & SINGULAR ARCHITECTUREConfidential bilingual work now public:https://ftp1.serveur.com/abodeofchaos_singular_architecture.pdfL'Obs - The Museum of the Future: https://youtu.be/29LXBPJrs-owww.facebook.com/la.demeure.du.chaos.theabodeofchaos999 (over 4.1 million followers)https://vimeo.com/124643720Contact Artmarket.com and its Artprice department - Contact: ir@artmarket.comThis publication embed ""🔒 Actusnews SECURITY MASTER "".- SECURITY MASTER Key: lZpvaZSXkm2cyWybYseabWSWm5qVxWfFaZOWlGlwZpnGnWlhnZxlmsaaZnFmnGxu- Check this key: https://www.security-master-key.com .Unregulated information:Full and original press release in PDF: https://www.actusnews.com/news/85778-artmartket-com-36th-ciha-lyon-2024.pdfReceive by email the next press releases of the company by registering on www.actusnews.com   it's free© 2024 ActusNews",neutral,0.05,0.94,0.01,positive,0.78,0.2,0.01,True,English,"['active sponsor', 'International Congress', 'Art History', 'thousand researchers', 'CIHA Lyon', 'Artmarket', 'France', 'Artprice', '70 countries', 'Rhône-Alpes Historical Research Laboratory', 'extraordinary quadrennial Art History Congress', 'Fondation des Sciences du', 'Universidad Nacional Tres de', 'Harvard University Graduate School', 'La Demeure du Chaos', 'I nternational C ongress', 'The New York Times', 'Annual Art Market Report', 'Lumière University Lyon', 'French Art History Committee', 'Cité Internationale de', 'Éric de Chassey', 'The Comité International', 'LARHRA CNRS UMR', 'principal active patrons', 'superb intellectual complement', 'important cultural player', 'Nobel Prize laureate', 'Finbarr Barry Flood', 'Several round tables', 'collaborative knowledge-sharing workshops', 'New York University', 'international cultural policy', 'two international artists', 'leading art marketplace', 'art market transparency', ""L'Organe Museum"", 'Art History Olympiad', 'Art History knowledge', 'Universität Hamburg', 'major societal, ecological', 'several prestigious speakers', 'Contemporary Art Museum', 'French Committee', 'international research', 'Utrecht University', 'societal ramifications', 'international scene', 'international response', 'major events', 'major celebration', 'global event', 'heritage disciplines', 'wide range', '2024 Olympic Games', 'National Institute', '36th edition', 'thierry Ehrmann', 'continental Europe', 'global headquarters', 'theoretical level', 'material perception', 'topical questions', 'ethical changes', 'different categories', 'architectural techniques', 'human body', 'Olivier Bonfait', 'growing number', 'A rt', 'H istory', 'global success', 'great honor', 'perfect sense', 'Turkish author', 'Orhan Pamuk', 'opening speech', 'multiple subjects', 'main themes', 'Georges Didi-Huberman', 'Sven Dupré', 'Tim Ingold', 'Isabelle Pallot-Frossard', 'Antoine Picon', 'Devika Singh', 'Courtauld Institute', 'Gabriela Siracusano', 'Buenos Aires', 'Monika Wagner', 'digital technology', 'restoration programs', 'Sheela Gowda', 'Jefferson Pinder', 'Terra Foundation', 'D ixit', 'Congress Center', 'Artmarket.com', 'waste materials', 'technical issues', 'CIHA delegates', 'CIHA program', '1000 speakers', 'CIHA 2024', 'Histoire', 'congresses', 'field', 'researchers', 'professionals', 'France', 'Paris', 'country', 'year', 'imgpublic', 'artprice', 'sites', 'CFHA', 'partnership', 'INHA', 'June', 'cihalyon2024', 'CEO', 'founder', 'participants', '70 countries', 'efforts', 'course', 'heart', 'Abode', 'Matter', 'Materiality', 'conception', 'production', 'interpretation', 'conservation', 'artifacts', 'cultures', 'periods', 'processes', 'realization', 'panoply', 'objects', 'paintings', 'prints', 'clothing', 'others', 'openagenda', 'President', 'organizer', 'quality', 'diversity', 'discussions', 'contribution', 'support', 'talks', 'presentations', 'EHESS', 'Netherlands', 'Aberdeen', 'Scotland', 'Patrimoine', 'Design', 'Cambridge', 'London', 'Febrero', 'Argentina', 'libraries', 'voice', 'relationship', 'India', 'evenings']",2024-05-13,2024-05-14,marketscreener.com
40788,Euroclear,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/NUCANA-PLC-37892976/news/NuCana-Notice-of-Annual-General-Meeting-Form-6-K-46709898/,NuCana : Notice of Annual General Meeting - Form 6-K,(marketscreener.com)    Notice f 2024 Annual General Meeting Tuesday  18th June 2024 at 11.00am Venue: Lochside House 3 Lochside Way Edinburgh EH12 9DT U.K.      NuCana plc   77-78 Cannon Street  London  England  EC4N 6AF   Company number: 0330…,"Notice f 2024 Annual General Meeting Tuesday  18th June 2024 at 11.00am Venue: Lochside House 3 Lochside Way Edinburgh EH12 9DT U.K.NuCana plc 77-78 Cannon Street  London  England  EC4N 6AF Company number: 03308778NOTICE OF 2024 ANNUAL GENERAL MEETING NOTICE OF 2024 ANNUAL GENERAL MEETING NOTICE is hereby given that the 2024 annual general meeting of NuCana plc (the ""Company"") will be held on 18 June 2024 at 11.00am at Lochside House  3 Lochside Way  Edinburgh EH12 9DT  UK for transaction of the following business: Ordinary Resolutions To consider and  if thought fit  pass the following resolutions (1 to 7 inclusive)  which will be proposed as ordinary resolutions: 1. To re-elect (as a Class III director) Adam George  who is retiring by rotation in accordance with the Articles of Association of the Company  as a director of the Company. 2. To re-elect (as a Class III director)  Martin Mellish  who is retiring by rotation in accordance with the Articles of Association of the Company  as a director of the Company. 3. To re-appoint Ernst & Young LLP as auditors of the Company to hold office from the conclusion of this meeting until the conclusion of the next annual general meeting of the Company. 4. To authorise the directors to determine the remuneration of the auditors of the Company. 5. To receive the Company's audited accounts for the financial year ended 31 December 2023  together with the Strategic Report  Directors' Report and Auditors' Report on those accounts. 6. To receive and approve the Directors' Remuneration Report for the financial year ended 31 December 2023. 7. That the directors be generally and unconditionally authorised pursuant to Section 551 of the Companies Act 2006 (the ""Act"") to exercise all the powers of the Company to allot shares in the Company or grant rights to subscribe for or to convert any security into shares in the Company up to an aggregate nominal amount of £20 000 000. This authority shall  unless previously renewed  revoked or varied by the Company in general meeting  expire on the conclusion of the annual general meeting of the Company to be held in 2025  save that the Company may  at any time before such expiry  make any offer or agreement which would or might require rights to subscribe for or to convert securities into shares to be granted or equity securities to be allotted after the authority expires  and the directors may allot shares or grant such rights in pursuance of such offer or agreement as if the authority had not expired. Special Resolution To consider and  if thought fit  pass the following resolution 8  which will be proposed as a special resolution: 8. That  subject to the passing of resolution 7  the directors be empowered pursuant to Section 570 of the Act to allot equity securities (as defined in Section 560 (1) of the Act) for cash under the authority given by that resolution as if Section 561(1) of the Act did not apply to any such allotment  provided that such authority shall be limited to the allotment of equity securities up to a nominal amount of £20 000 000  such authority to expire on the conclusion of the annual general meeting of the Company to be held in 2025  but prior to its expiry the Company may make offers  and enter into agreements  which would  or might  require equity securities to be allotted after the authority expires and the Board may allot equity securities under any such offer or agreement as if the authority had not expired. Recommendation The directors of the Company consider that all the proposals to be considered at the AGM are in the best interests of the Company and its shareholders as a whole and are most likely to promote the success of the Company. The directors unanimously recommend that you vote in favour of all the proposed resolutions as they intend to do in respect of their own beneficial holdings. BY ORDER OF THE BOARD Registered office 77-78 Cannon Street London England EC4N 6AF Martin Quinn Company Secretary 10 May 2024 YOUR VOTE IS IMPORTANT. Members will be able to attend the AGM in person however you are strongly encouraged to vote on all resolutions in advance of the AGM by appointing the Chair of the meeting as your proxy. Further details on how shareholders can appoint the Chair of the meeting as their proxy are set out in this document. 3NOTICE OF 2024 ANNUAL GENERAL MEETING NOTES The following notes explain your general rights as a member and your right to attend and vote at the annual general meeting or to appoint someone else to vote on your behalf. 1. Any member entitled to attend  speak and vote at the annual general meeting may appoint one or more proxies to attend  speak and vote on his/her behalf. A proxy need not be a member of the Company but must attend the meeting. A member may appoint more than one proxy in relation to the annual general meeting provided that each proxy is appointed to exercise the rights attached to a different share or shares held by that member. To appoint more than one proxy you should contact the Company's registrar  Computershare Investor Services PLC (""Computershare"")  at the address below. 2. Only those members registered in the register of members of the Company at close of business on 14 June 2024 or  in the event that the meeting is adjourned  in such register not later than 48 hours before the time of the adjourned meeting  shall be entitled to attend  or vote (whether in person or by proxy) at the meeting in respect of the number of shares registered in their names at the relevant time. 3. A form of proxy has been provided for use by members. To be valid it should be completed  signed and delivered (together with the power of attorney or other authority (if any) under which it is signed  or a notarially certified copy of such power or authority) to the Company's registrar  Computershare  at Computershare Investor Services PLC  The Pavilions  Bridgwater Road  Bristol BS99 6ZY  not later than 48 hours (not including non-business days) before the time appointed for holding the annual general meeting or any adjourned meeting or  in the case of a poll taken more than 48 hours after it is demanded  not less than 24 hours before the time appointed for the taking of the poll. 4. In the case of a corporation  the form of proxy must be executed under its common seal (or such form of execution as has the same effect) or signed on its behalf by an attorney or a duly authorised officer of the corporation. A corporation which is a member can appoint one or more corporate representatives who may exercise on its behalf all its powers as a member provided that they do not do so in relation to the same shares. 5. In the case of joint holders  the vote of the senior who tenders a vote whether in person or by proxy will be accepted to the exclusion of the votes of any other joint holders. For these purposes  seniority shall be determined by the order in which the names stand in the Company's relevant register of members for the certificated or uncertificated shares of the Company (as the case may be) in respect of the joint holding. 6. CREST members who wish to appoint a proxy or proxies by using the CREST electronic appointment service may do so for the meeting and any adjournments of it by utilising the procedures described in the CREST Manual. The message  (a CREST proxy instruction) must be properly authenticated in accordance with the specifications of Euroclear UK & Ireland Limited (""EUI"") and must contain the information required for such instructions  as described in the CREST Manual. The message  regardless of whether it relates to the appointment of a proxy or to an amendment to the instruction given to a previously appointed proxy must  in order to be valid  be transmitted so as to be received by the Company's registrar  Computershare not later than the time stated in Note (3) above. For this purpose  the time of receipt will be taken to be the time (as determined by the time stamp applied to the message by the CREST Applications Host) from which the Company's registrar is able to retrieve the message by enquiry to CREST in the manner prescribed by EUI. CREST members and  where applicable  their CREST sponsors or voting service providers should note that EUI does not make available special procedures for any particular messages. Normal system timings and limitations will therefore apply in relation to the input of CREST proxy instructions. It is the responsibility of the CREST member concerned to take (or  if the CREST member is a CREST personal member or sponsored member or has appointed a voting service provider  to procure that his CREST sponsor or voting service provider takes) such action as shall be necessary to ensure that a message is transmitted by any particular time. Reference should be made to those sections of the CREST Manual concerning practical limitations of the CREST system and timings. The Company may treat as invalid a CREST proxy instruction in the circumstances set out in Regulation 35(5)(a) of the Uncertificated Securities Regulations 2001. 7. Proxymity Voting. If you are an institutional investor you may also be able to appoint a proxy electronically via the Proxymity platform  a process which has been agreed by the Company and approved by the Registrar. For further information regarding Proxymity  please go to www.proxymity.io. Your proxy must be lodged by 11.00am BST on 14th June 2024 in order to be considered valid. Before you can appoint a proxy via this process you will need to have agreed to Proxymity's associated terms and conditions. It is important that you read these carefully as you will be bound by them and they will govern the electronic appointment of your proxy. 4NOTICE OF 2024 ANNUAL GENERAL MEETING 8. The completion and return of a form of proxy will not preclude a member from attending in person at the meeting and voting should he/she wish to do so  but if a member appoints a proxy and attends the meeting in person  the proxy appointment will automatically be terminated. Further  the appointment under the form of proxy may be terminated by the member prior to the commencement of the meeting (or any adjournment of the meeting). To be valid  the notice of termination of the authority of the person appointed to act as proxy must be deposited at the offices of the Company's registrar  Computershare at  not less than 48 hours (not including non-business days) before the time fixed for the holding of the annual general meeting or any adjournment thereof (as the case may be). 9. Under Section 527 of the Companies Act 2006 (the ""Act"")  members meeting the threshold requirement set out in that section have the right to require the Company to publish on a website a statement setting out any matter relating to: (a) the audit of the Company's accounts (including the auditor's report and the conduct of the audit) that are to be laid before the annual general meeting; or (b) any circumstance connected with an auditor of the Company ceasing to hold office since the previous meeting at which annual accounts and reports were laid in accordance with Section 437 of the Act. The Company may not require the members requesting any such website publication to pay its expenses in complying with Sections 527 or 528 of the Act. Where the Company is required to place a statement on a website under Section 527 of the Act  it must forward the statement to the Company's auditors not later than the time when it makes the statement available on the website. The business which may be dealt with at the annual general meeting includes any statement that the Company has been required  under Section 527 of the Act  to publish on a website. 10. Copies of the directors' service contracts and letters of appointment for non-executive directors will be available for inspection at the Global Headquarters of the Company at 3 Lochside Way  Edinburgh EH12 9DT during normal business hours on any week day (public holidays excepted) from the date of this Notice of annual general meeting until the date of the annual general meeting  and at the place of the annual general meeting for one hour before the meeting and at the meeting itself. 11. Except as set out in the notes to this Notice  any communication with the Company in relation to the annual general meeting  including in relation to proxies  should be sent to the Company's registrar  Computershare at Computershare Investor Services PLC  The Pavilions  Bridgwater Road  Bristol BS99 6ZY. No other means of communication will be accepted. In particular  you may not use any electronic address provided either in this Notice or in any related documents to communication with the Company for any purpose other than those expressly stated. 5NOTICE OF 2024 ANNUAL GENERAL MEETING EXPLANATORY NOTES TO THE RESOLUTIONS PROPOSED AT THE ANNUAL GENERAL MEETING The resolutions to be proposed at the AGM of the Company to be held on 18 June 2024 at 11.00am are set out in this Notice of AGM. The following notes provide an explanation to the resolutions being put to shareholders. Ordinary Resolutions Resolutions 1 to 7 are proposed as ordinary resolutions. Assuming that a quorum is present  an ordinary resolution is passed on a show of hands if it is approved by a simple majority (more than 50%) of the votes cast by shareholders present (in person or by proxy) at the meeting and entitled to vote. On a poll  an ordinary resolution is passed if it is approved by holders representing a simple majority of the total voting rights of shareholders present (in person or by proxy) who (being entitled to vote) vote on the resolution. Resolution 1 - 2: Re-election of directors Under the Company's Articles of Association there are three classes of board members (Class I  Class II and Class III) with each class having a specified term of office. The Company's Articles of Association require the Class III directors to retire from office this year. Adam George currently serves as a Class III director. Adam George is retiring and (being eligible) is standing for re-election as a Class III director at the AGM. Martin Mellish currently serves as a Class III director. Martin Mellish is retiring and (being eligible) is standing for re-election as a Class III director at the AGM. Biographical information for each director standing for re-election is included on page 9 of this Notice. THE BOARD RECOMMENDS A VOTE FOR THE RE-ELECTION OF EACH OF ADAM GEORGE AND MARTIN MELLISH TO THE BOARD OF DIRECTORS. Resolution 3: Re-appointment of auditors The Act requires that auditors be appointed at each general meeting  at which accounts are laid  to hold office until the next AGM. The appointment of Ernst & Young LLP as auditors of the Company terminates at the conclusion of the AGM. They have indicated their willingness to stand for reappointment as auditors of the Company until the conclusion of the AGM in 2025. The Audit Committee has assessed the effectiveness  independence and objectivity of the auditors  Ernst & Young LLP  and concluded that the auditors were in all respects effective. THE BOARD RECOMMENDS A VOTE FOR THE RE-APPOINTMENT OF ERNST & YOUNG LLP AS AUDITORS. Resolution 4: Authorising and fixing the remuneration of the auditors This resolution gives authority to the directors to determine the auditors' remuneration. It is normal practice for shareholders to resolve at the AGM that the directors shall decide on the level of remuneration of the auditors for the audit work to be carried out by them in the next financial year. The amount of the remuneration paid to the auditors for the next financial year will be disclosed in the next audited accounts of the Company. THE BOARD RECOMMENDS A VOTE FOR THE AUTHORISATION OF THE DIRECTORS TO DETERMINE THE AUDITORS' REMUNERATION. Resolution 5: Laying of accounts The directors are required to present to shareholders at the AGM  the annual accounts of the Company for the year ended 31 December 2023  the Strategic Report  the Directors' Report and the Auditors' Report on the accounts. THE BOARD RECOMMENDS A VOTE FOR THE RESOLUTION TO RECEIVE THE ANNUAL ACCOUNTS OF THE COMPANY FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2023  THE STRATEGIC REPORT  THE DIRECTORS' REPORT AND THE AUDITORS' REPORT ON THE ACCOUNTS. Resolution 6: Directors' Remuneration Report Shareholders are invited to cast their vote on the Directors' Remuneration Report  in accordance with Section 439 of the Act. The Directors' Remuneration Report is set out on pages 17 to 26 of the Company's annual accounts and reports for the year ended 31 December 2023. The vote is advisory in nature and therefore no entitlement to remuneration is conditional on the passing of this resolution. THE BOARD RECOMMENDS A VOTE FOR THE RESOLUTION TO RECEIVE AND APPROVE THE DIRECTORS' REMUNERATION REPORT FOR THE FINANCIAL YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2023. Background to Resolution 7 and Special Resolution 8 As a matter of U.K. company law  directors of a company incorporated in England must have authority from shareholders to allot or grant rights to subscribe for  or to convert any security into  the company's shares. In addition  when an allotment of shares is for cash  the company must first offer those shares on the same terms to existing shareholders of the company on a pro-rata basis (commonly referred to as statutory pre-emption rights) unless these statutory pre-emption rights are dis-applied  by approval of the shareholders. 6NOTICE OF 2024 ANNUAL GENERAL MEETING Resolutions 7 and 8  which we refer to as our ""Share Issuance Proposals "" ask our shareholders for authority for the directors to allot shares or grant rights over shares up to an aggregate nominal amount of £20 000 000 and the power for the directors to allot shares or grant rights over shares for cash up to an aggregate nominal amount of £20 000 000 on a non-preemptive basis. This authority and power would expire at the conclusion of our 2025 AGM. Many of our peer companies are listed and incorporated in the United States  and are thus not subject to similar share issuance restrictions. We are asking you to approve our Share Issuance Proposals to allow us to continue to execute on our business and growth strategy in a timely and competitive manner. Should our shareholders not approve resolutions 7 and 8  whilst we appreciate that we would still have the ability to seek shareholder approval in connection with a specific issuance of shares on a case-by-case basis by convening general meetings from time to time  we do not believe that such an approach is a workable alternative to obtaining approval of resolutions 7 and 8 at the AGM as we propose. The uncertainty as to whether we could obtain shareholder approval for a specific issuance  as well as the delays we would experience in seeking and obtaining such approval  could be harmful to the terms of such a share issuance. In addition  the case-by-case approval approach ignores market windows and other deal timing and competitive realities. Specifically  the requirement to first offer shares  that we propose to issue for cash  to all of our existing shareholders in time-consuming pro-rata rights offerings would considerably reduce the speed at which we could complete capital-raising activities undertaken in furtherance of our growth strategy  would increase our costs  might otherwise make it difficult or impossible for us to complete such transactions  and could put us at a distinct competitive disadvantage relative to our peer companies. Access to capital and the ability to raise equity capital at short notice have been important factors that have contributed to our ability to execute our long-term growth strategy. In practice  offering shares to existing shareholders in accordance with U.K. statutory pre-emption rights can be time-consuming  so U.K. market practice for listed companies is to annually seek a shareholder resolution waiving or dis-applying pre-emption rights over new share issuances for cash  up to an agreed limit. We fully appreciate that our proposals are in excess of the investment advisory guidance in this regard and for this reason  our proposals may attract a negative voting recommendation from certain proxy advisory firms. However  we have an established track record since our IPO in October 2017 of securing annual shareholder support for a resolution dis-applying pre-emption rights over amounts of share capital in excess of the investment advisory guidance. Using these authorities  we have responsibly raised capital in order to execute our business plan. We believe the request for authorisation and disapplication of pre-emption rights sought will provide us with the continued flexibility to raise equity capital that we believe we may require at this stage of development of the Company. This recognises the fact that as a development-stage business  we have needed access to equity capital to ensure that we can maintain the business appropriately capitalised to expedite our development programs. We have publicly stated that we believe our existing cash resources will be sufficient to fund the Company into 2025. We believe it is in the interests of all shareholders to ensure that we retain the ability to raise equity capital on reasonably short notice if advisable. We propose to seek an authority (to expire at the 2025 AGM) to allot shares or grant rights over shares and under this authority to seek the power to allot shares or grant rights over shares for cash on a non-preemptive basis over a maximum of 500 000 000 ordinary shares. Where passed  in addition to these resolutions giving the Company the necessary flexibility to raise equity capital  they will also give authority to allot shares or grant rights to subscribe for shares under or in connection with any existing  amended or new share option schemes or long term incentive plans as the directors may approve without offering them first to existing shareholders in proportion to their current holdings. Importantly  this will allow the Company to maintain share option schemes with sufficient share reserves to appropriately compensate  motivate and retain our employees  directors and consultants  thereby aligning their interests with those of our shareholders. Many of the companies with which we compete for talent are listed and incorporated in the United States and are not subject to similar restrictions on the authorisation of shares and disapplication of pre-emption rights related to shares. In this respect we believe the approval of Resolutions 7 and 8 is critical to enable us to continue to execute on our business strategy by attracting and retaining qualified employees  directors and consultants in a highly competitive market for talent. The Share Issuance Proposals are consistent with U.S. capital markets practice and U.S. governance standards  and  if approved  will keep us on an equal footing with our peer companies which are incorporated and listed in the United States. We believe that the Share Issuance Proposals are appropriate to the needs of the Company and in the best interests of shareholders. We are therefore asking you to approve the Share Issuance Proposals to allow us to continue to execute our business and growth strategy in a timely and competitive manner. Summary The Share Issuance Proposals  if approved  will allow our Board of Directors continued flexibility to issue shares subject to other requirements of Nasdaq Stock Market and the Securities and Exchange Commission. The Share Issuance Proposals  as proposed: • will not exempt us from any Nasdaq corporate governance or other requirements  including those limiting the issuance of shares; • will keep us on an equal footing with our peer companies who are incorporated and listed in the United States; and • are fully consistent with U.S. capital markets practice and governance standards. 7NOTICE OF 2024 ANNUAL GENERAL MEETING Resolution 7: Authority to allot  or grant rights to subscribe for  shares The directors may only allot shares or grant rights over shares if authorised to do so by shareholders. Under this resolution the Board is seeking the authority to allot shares in the Company or grant rights to subscribe for or to convert any security into shares in the Company up to an aggregate nominal amount of £20 000 000 such authority  unless previously revoked or varied by the Company  to expire at the conclusion of the AGM of the Company to be held in 2025. THE BOARD RECOMMENDS YOU VOTE FOR THE RESOLUTION SO AUTHORISING THE DIRECTORS. Special Resolution Resolution 8 is proposed as a special resolution. A special resolution requires the affirmative vote of not less than 75% of the votes cast by shareholders present (in person or by proxy) at the meeting and entitled to vote. On a poll  a special resolution is passed if it is approved by holders representing at least 75% of the votes cast (in person or by proxy) at the meeting who (being entitled to vote) vote on the resolution. Resolution 8: Disapplication of pre-emption rights Please consider our section above entitled Background to Resolution 7 and Special Resolution 8. As a U.K. company  the Company's shareholders are entitled  under Section 561 of the Act to pre-emption rights  whereby  in the event that the Company wishes to allot and issue new shares for cash or issue shares pursuant to any rights to subscribe for shares (whether pursuant to share option rights granted to employees or otherwise) those securities must first be offered to existing shareholders in proportion to the number of ordinary shares they each hold before they can be offered to new shareholders. As set out above  in certain circumstances  it may be in the best interests of the Company to allot shares (or to grant rights over shares) for cash without first offering them proportionately to existing shareholders. This cannot be done under the Act unless the shareholders have first waived their pre-emption rights. Therefore this resolution  which will be proposed as a special resolution subject to the passing of resolution 7  seeks the empowerment of the directors to allot equity securities under the authority given to them by resolution 7 above without offering them first to existing shareholders in proportion to their current holdings up to an aggregate nominal amount of £20 000 000. THE BOARD RECOMMENDS YOU VOTE FOR THE RESOLUTION SO EMPOWERING THE DIRECTORS. 8NOTICE OF 2024 ANNUAL GENERAL MEETING Appendix A: Directors' Biography Adam George (Director  appointed 2018) Adam George has served as a member of our board of directors since April 2018. Mr. George served as GW Pharmaceutical's U.K. Managing Director and Company Secretary from March 2017 to December 2020  Chief Financial Officer from 2012 to March 2017  and Financial Controller from 2007 to 2012. GW Pharmaceuticals is a biopharmaceutical company focused on discovering  developing and commercializing novel therapeutics from its proprietary cannabinoid product platform in a broad range of disease areas. In addition  Mr. George has served as chairman of the board of directors and chief executive officer of Psi Pharmaceuticals Ltd since December 2021 and as a member of the board of directors of Beckley Psytech Ltd since June 2021. Further  Mr. George also serves as a director of PsiClone Ltd  Neurone Ltd  and Kanna Health Ltd  private pharmaceutical development companies. Before joining GW Pharmaceuticals  Mr. George held several senior finance roles within both public and private companies. Mr. George holds a BSc. in Biology from Bristol University and is a Chartered Accountant. He also serves as Chairman of NuCana's Audit Committee. Based on his significant experience in the biopharmaceutical industry in positions including chief executive officer  chief operating officer and executive director the Corporate Nominating and Governance Committee concluded that Mr. George is qualified to serve on our Board of Directors. THE BOARD RECOMMENDS A VOTE FOR THE RE-ELECTION OF ADAM GEORGE TO THE BOARD OF DIRECTORS. Martin Mellish (Director  appointed 2009) Martin Mellish has served as a member of our board of directors since December 2009. Mr. Mellish also serves as a non-executive director and Chairman of the Audit Committee of: Spectral AI (NASDAQ: MDAI; formerly London AIM: SMD) a company developing a medical Artificial Intelligence technology for the evaluation of acute burn and chronic diabetic wounds; and of Levitronix Technologies Inc.  a technology company  handling high-purity fluids for the semiconductor and life science industries. Further  Mr. Mellish also serves as a director of Kensington Green Management Ltd.  Alturki Holding  and Saudi Readymix Concrete Company. Mr. Mellish serves as founding director and Chairman of Aspen Advisory Services Ltd.  a London-based private office responsible for the administration of investments in North America  Europe and Asia since 1994. Mr. Mellish holds an M.Sc. from the Master of Health Care Delivery Science program at Dartmouth's Geisel School of Medicine and Tuck School of Business; an SM (Management) from the Massachusetts Institute of Technology and an M.Sc. (Accounting) from Northeastern University. He also serves as a member of NuCana's Audit Committee. Based on his significant experience in accounting  finance and in the life sciences sector  the Corporate Nominating and Governance Committee concluded that Mr. Mellish is qualified to serve on our Board of Directors. THE BOARD RECOMMENDS A VOTE FOR THE RE-ELECTION OF MARTIN MELLISH TO THE BOARD OF DIRECTORS. 9",neutral,0.01,0.98,0.01,mixed,0.4,0.39,0.21,True,English,"['Annual General Meeting', 'NuCana', 'Notice', 'Form', '77-78 Cannon Street London England EC4N 6AF Martin Quinn Company Secretary', 'Lochside Way Edinburgh EH12 9DT U.K.', 'EC4N 6AF Company number', 'next annual general meeting', 'Computershare Investor Services PLC', '2024 ANNUAL GENERAL MEETING NOTES', '2024 ANNUAL GENERAL MEETING NOTICE', 'Martin Mellish', 'Class III director', 'aggregate nominal amount', '3 Lochside Way', 'BOARD Registered office', ""Directors' Remuneration Report"", 'Lochside House', 'NuCana plc', 'general rights', 'Strategic Report', 'Adam George', 'Young LLP', 'financial year', 'best interests', 'beneficial holdings', 'Further details', 'different share', 'equity securities', ""Directors' Report"", 'Ordinary Resolutions', ""Auditors' Report"", '18th June', 'Special Resolution', 'Companies Act', 'following resolutions', 'one proxy', '18 June', '11.00am', 'Venue', 'UK', 'transaction', 'business', 'rotation', 'accordance', 'Articles', 'Association', 'Ernst', 'conclusion', 'accounts', 'Section', 'powers', 'shares', 'security', 'authority', 'time', 'expiry', 'offer', 'agreement', 'pursuance', 'passing', 'cash', 'allotment', 'Recommendation', 'proposals', 'AGM', 'shareholders', 'success', 'favour', 'respect', 'ORDER', 'VOTE', 'Members', 'person', 'advance', 'Chair', 'document', 'someone', 'behalf', 'proxies', 'relation', 'registrar']",2024-05-13,2024-05-14,marketscreener.com
40789,Euroclear,Bing API,https://www.assetservicingtimes.com/assetservicesnews/peoplemovesarticle.php?article_id=15535&navigationaction=peoplemovesnews&newssection=People%20Moves,Euroclear appoints Elms as CEO of Euroclear UK and International,Chris Elms has held a number of senior roles in Euroclear including CRESTCo head of Internal Audit and head of Group IT Service Control,Euroclear appoints Elms as CEO of Euroclear UK and InternationalEuroclear has appointed Chris Elms as CEO of Euroclear UK and International.Prior to this role  Elms served as deputy CEO of Euroclear UK and International and as a member of its management committee from October 2020 to August 2022.Commenting on the new appointment via LinkedIn  Euroclear states: “We are confident that Chris’ leadership will propel us to new achievements and milestones in the financial services industry.”Speaking about his new role  also via LinkedIn  Elms says: “I’m excited to be leading our transformation into a more resilient  fully digital UK financial market infrastructure  increasing value for our clients and bringing efficiencies to the market.”,neutral,0.03,0.97,0.01,neutral,0.18,0.81,0.01,True,English,"['Euroclear UK', 'Elms', 'CEO', 'International', 'resilient, fully digital UK financial market infrastructure', 'financial services industry', 'Euroclear UK', 'management committee', 'new appointment', 'Chris’ leadership', 'new achievements', 'new role', 'deputy CEO', 'Chris Elms', 'International', 'member', 'October', 'August', 'LinkedIn', 'milestones', 'transformation', 'value', 'clients', 'efficiencies']",2024-05-14,2024-05-14,assetservicingtimes.com
40790,Clearstream,Bing API,https://www.assetservicingtimes.com/assetservicesnews/fundservicesarticle.php?article_id=15539&navigationaction=fundservicesnews&newssection=Fund%20Services,Clearstream partners with Standard Chartered,The partnership extends enhanced custodial support to Standard Chartered for the custody and execution of UAE domiciled funds,Clearstream partners with Standard CharteredClearstream has partnered with Standard Chartered with the intention of facilitating the inclusion of UAE domiciled funds on its Vestima platform.This collaboration aims to ensure end-to-end fund processing and execution while maintaining compliance with recent regulatory updates from the Securities and Commodity Authority (SCA) of the UAE.It also will extend enhanced custodial support to Standard Chartered for the custody and execution of UAE domiciled funds and expands investment opportunities for retail clients through Clearstream’s Vestima platform.Neil Wise  chief commercial officer for Clearstream Fund Services  says: “This collaboration exemplifies our commitment to fostering partnerships and delivering market solutions. Through Vestima  custodians can continue to support local funds  contributing to the growth of the fund business in the UAE while adhering to regulatory standards.”Owen Young  managing director and regional head of Wealth Management for Africa  the Middle East and Europe at Standard Chartered  comments: “Through this collaboration with Clearstream  we are able to offer locally domiciled funds to our retail customers in the UAE and deliver on our promise to provide innovative and best-in-class investment solutions that cater to clients’ diverse needs while supporting the UAE government's vision of making the country a global financial hub.”,neutral,0.06,0.94,0.01,positive,0.51,0.47,0.02,True,English,"['Clearstream partners', 'Standard Chartered', 'chief commercial officer', 'global financial hub', 'locally domiciled funds', 'end fund processing', 'recent regulatory updates', 'class investment solutions', 'UAE domiciled funds', 'Clearstream Fund Services', 'local funds', 'fund business', 'investment opportunities', 'market solutions', 'regulatory standards', 'Standard Chartered', 'Commodity Authority', 'custodial support', 'retail clients', 'Neil Wise', 'Owen Young', 'managing director', 'regional head', 'Wealth Management', 'Middle East', 'retail customers', 'diverse needs', 'UAE government', 'Vestima platform', 'Clearstream partners', 'intention', 'inclusion', 'collaboration', 'execution', 'compliance', 'Securities', 'SCA', 'custody', 'commitment', 'partnerships', 'custodians', 'growth', 'Africa', 'Europe', 'promise', 'innovative', 'vision', 'country']",2024-05-14,2024-05-14,assetservicingtimes.com
40791,Deutsche Boerse,NewsApi.org,https://www.investing.com/news/stock-market-news/germany-stocks-mixed-at-close-of-trade-dax-down-018-3437621,Germany stocks mixed at close of trade; DAX down 0.18% By Investing.com,Germany stocks mixed at close of trade; DAX down 0.18%,Investing.com – Germany stocks were mixed after the close on Monday  as gains in the   and sectors led shares higher while losses in the   and sectors led shares lower.At the close in Frankfurt  the lost 0.18%  while the index added 0.21%  and the index lost 0.31%.The best performers of the session on the were Dr Ing hc F Porsche AG Preferred (ETR: )  which rose 2.76% or 2.25 points to trade at 83.76 at the close. Meanwhile  Continental AG O.N. (ETR: ) added 1.94% or 1.18 points to end at 62.06 and Volkswagen AG VZO O.N. (ETR: ) was up 1.54% or 1.80 points to 118.75 in late trade.The worst performers of the session were Deutsche Boerse AG (ETR: )  which fell 2.43% or 4.55 points to trade at 182.90 at the close. Infineon Technologies AG NA O.N. (ETR: ) declined 2.16% or 0.82 points to end at 37.18 and Zalando SE (ETR: ) was down 1.94% or 0.49 points to 24.75.The top performers on the MDAX were United Internet AG NA (ETR: ) which rose 6.65% to 24.38  Evotec AG O.N. (ETR: ) which was up 4.73% to settle at 9.97 and Aurubis AG (ETR: ) which gained 3.30% to close at 73.65.The worst performers were Redcare Pharmacy NV (ETR: ) which was down 2.91% to 120.10 in late trade  Stabilus (ETR: ) which lost 2.45% to settle at 55.70 and Gerresheimer AG (ETR: ) which was down 2.19% to 98.20 at the close.here or remove ads . 3rd party Ad. Not an offer or recommendation by Investing.com. See disclosureorThe top performers on the TecDAX were United Internet AG NA (ETR: ) which rose 6.65% to 24.38  Evotec AG O.N. (ETR: ) which was up 4.73% to settle at 9.97 and 11 AG (ETR: ) which gained 4.64% to close at 17.60.The worst performers were Suess Microtec NA O.N. (ETR: ) which was down 4.79% to 47.70 in late trade  Infineon Technologies AG NA O.N. (ETR: ) which lost 2.16% to settle at 37.18 and Jenoptik AG (ETR: ) which was down 1.97% to 26.86 at the close.Rising stocks outnumbered declining ones on the Frankfurt Stock Exchange by 325 to 288 and 42 ended unchanged.The   which measures the implied volatility of DAX options  was unchanged 0.00% to 13.64.Gold Futures for June delivery was down 1.34% or 31.80 to $2 343.20 a troy ounce. Elsewhere in commodities trading  Crude oil for delivery in June rose 0.83% or 0.65 to hit $78.91 a barrel  while the July Brent oil contract rose 0.52% or 0.43 to trade at $83.22 a barrel.EUR/USD was unchanged 0.27% to 1.08  while EUR/GBP unchanged 0.05% to 0.86.The US Dollar Index Futures was down 0.12% at 105.04.,neutral,0.02,0.91,0.07,mixed,0.13,0.15,0.72,True,English,"['Germany stocks', 'Investing.com', 'close', 'trade', 'DAX', 'Dr Ing hc F Porsche AG Preferred', 'Suess Microtec NA O.N.', 'Volkswagen AG VZO O.N.', 'The US Dollar Index Futures', 'Continental AG O.N.', 'Evotec AG O.N.', 'United Internet AG NA', 'July Brent oil contract', 'Deutsche Boerse AG', 'Infineon Technologies AG', 'Redcare Pharmacy NV', '3rd party Ad.', 'Frankfurt Stock Exchange', 'Gold Futures', 'Aurubis AG', 'Gerresheimer AG', 'Jenoptik AG', 'Crude oil', 'Investing.com', 'Germany stocks', 'best performers', 'late trade', 'worst performers', 'Zalando SE', 'top performers', 'Rising stocks', 'implied volatility', 'DAX options', 'troy ounce', 'commodities trading', '11 AG', 'June delivery', 'close', 'Monday', 'gains', 'sectors', 'shares', 'higher', 'losses', 'session', 'ETR', '1.18 points', '1.80 points', 'MDAX', 'Stabilus', 'ads', 'offer', 'recommendation', 'disclosureor', 'TecDAX', 'EUR/USD', 'EUR/GBP', '2.25', '55', '0.']",2024-05-13,2024-05-14,investing.com
40792,Deutsche Boerse,Bing API,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/deutsche-boerse-ags-dividend-analysis-110430460.html,Deutsche Boerse AG's Dividend Analysis,Deutsche Boerse AG (DBOEY) recently announced a dividend of $0.4 per share  payable on 2024-06-03  with the ex-dividend date set for 2024-05-15. As investors look forward to this upcoming payment  the spotlight also shines on the company's dividend history ,Exploring the Sustainability and Growth of Deutsche Boerse AG's DividendsDeutsche Boerse AG (DBOEY) recently announced a dividend of $0.4 per share  payable on 2024-06-03  with the ex-dividend date set for 2024-05-15. As investors look forward to this upcoming payment  the spotlight also shines on the company's dividend history  yield  and growth rates. Using the data from GuruFocus  let's look into Deutsche Boerse AG's dividend performance and assess its sustainability.What Does Deutsche Boerse AG Do?Warning! GuruFocus has detected 5 Warning Signs with DBOEY.High Yield Dividend Stocks in Gurus' PortfolioThis Powerful Chart Made Peter Lynch 29% A Year For 13 YearsHow to calculate the intrinsic value of a stock?Deutsche Boerse is a financial exchange company headquartered in Frankfurt  Germany. The company primarily generates revenue through its Eurex and Clearstream segments. Eurex allows for the trading and clearing of derivatives. Clearstream offers custody and settlement services for domestic and international securities  as well as collateral management services. Other segments include Xetra  which generates revenue through trading and clearing cash equities  STOXX (an index business)  and several others.Deutsche Boerse AG's Dividend AnalysisA Glimpse at Deutsche Boerse AG's Dividend HistoryDeutsche Boerse AG has maintained a consistent dividend payment record since 2010. Dividends are currently distributed on a yearly basis. Below is a chart showing annual Dividends Per Share for tracking historical trends.Deutsche Boerse AG's Dividend AnalysisBreaking Down Deutsche Boerse AG's Dividend Yield and GrowthAs of today  Deutsche Boerse AG currently has a 12-month trailing dividend yield of 1.96% and a 12-month forward dividend yield of 2.04%. This suggests an expectation of increased dividend payments over the next 12 months. Over the past three years  Deutsche Boerse AG's annual dividend growth rate was 7.50%. Extended to a five-year horizon  this rate decreased to 7.30% per year. Over the past decade  Deutsche Boerse AG's annual dividends per share growth rate stands at 5.70%.Based on Deutsche Boerse AG's dividend yield and five-year growth rate  the 5-year yield on cost of Deutsche Boerse AG stock as of today is approximately 2.79%.Deutsche Boerse AG's Dividend AnalysisThe Sustainability Question: Payout Ratio and ProfitabilityTo assess the sustainability of the dividend  one needs to evaluate the company's payout ratio. The dividend payout ratio provides insights into the portion of earnings the company distributes as dividends. A lower ratio suggests that the company retains a significant part of its earnings  thereby ensuring the availability of funds for future growth and unexpected downturns. As of 2024-03-31  Deutsche Boerse AG's dividend payout ratio is 0.38.Story continuesDeutsche Boerse AG's profitability rank  offers an understanding of the company's earnings prowess relative to its peers. GuruFocus ranks Deutsche Boerse AG's profitability 8 out of 10 as of 2024-03-31  suggesting good profitability prospects. The company has reported positive net income for each year over the past decade  further solidifying its high profitability.Growth Metrics: The Future OutlookTo ensure the sustainability of dividends  a company must have robust growth metrics. Deutsche Boerse AG's growth rank of 8 out of 10 suggests that the company's growth trajectory is good relative to its competitors. Revenue is the lifeblood of any company  and Deutsche Boerse AG's revenue per share  combined with the 3-year revenue growth rate  indicates a strong revenue model. Deutsche Boerse AG's revenue has increased by approximately 17.70% per year on average  a rate that outperforms approximately 72.98% of global competitors.The company's 3-year EPS growth rate showcases its capability to grow its earnings  a critical component for sustaining dividends in the long run. During the past three years  Deutsche Boerse AG's earnings increased by approximately 16.70% per year on average  a rate that outperforms approximately 62.61% of global competitors.Lastly  the company's 5-year EBITDA growth rate of 15.30%  which outperforms approximately 59.33% of global competitors.ConclusionWith a solid track record of dividend payments  a healthy payout ratio  and robust profitability and growth metrics  Deutsche Boerse AG presents a compelling case for investors seeking sustainable income. The company's strategic positioning within financial services  coupled with its consistent financial performance  supports the likelihood of continued dividend growth. For those looking to expand their investment horizon  Deutsche Boerse AG warrants consideration as a potentially valuable addition to a dividend-focused portfolio.GuruFocus Premium users can screen for high-dividend yield stocks using the High Dividend Yield Screener.This article  generated by GuruFocus  is designed to provide general insights and is not tailored financial advice. Our commentary is rooted in historical data and analyst projections  utilizing an impartial methodology  and is not intended to serve as specific investment guidance. It does not formulate a recommendation to purchase or divest any stock and does not consider individual investment objectives or financial circumstances. Our objective is to deliver long-term  fundamental data-driven analysis. Be aware that our analysis might not incorporate the most recent  price-sensitive company announcements or qualitative information. GuruFocus holds no position in the stocks mentioned herein.This article first appeared on GuruFocus.,neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,mixed,0.39,0.34,0.28,True,English,"['Deutsche Boerse AG', 'Dividend Analysis', '12-month trailing dividend yield', '12-month forward dividend yield', '3-year EPS growth rate', 'High Dividend Yield Screener', 'consistent dividend payment record', '5-year EBITDA growth rate', 'High Yield Dividend Stocks', 'Deutsche Boerse AG stock', '3-year revenue growth rate', 'annual dividend growth rate', 'solid track record', 'high-dividend yield stocks', 'positive net income', 'The Future Outlook', 'consistent financial performance', 'collateral management services', 'continued dividend growth', 'healthy payout ratio', 'five-year growth rate', 'past three years', 'good profitability prospects', 'dividend payout ratio', 'strong revenue model', 'robust growth metrics', 'The Sustainability Question', 'GuruFocus Premium users', 'share growth rate', 'financial exchange company', '5-year yield', 'high profitability', 'future growth', 'dividend performance', 'upcoming payment', 'financial services', 'growth rates', 'growth rank', 'growth trajectory', 'dividend history', 'Dividend Analysis', 'dividend payments', 'five-year horizon', 'past decade', 'lower ratio', 'sustainable income', 'financial advice', 'settlement services', 'robust profitability', 'ex-dividend date', '5 Warning Signs', ""Gurus' Portfolio"", 'Peter Lynch', 'intrinsic value', 'international securities', 'Other segments', 'cash equities', 'index business', 'several others', 'A Glimpse', 'yearly basis', 'historical trends', 'next 12 months', 'significant part', 'unexpected downturns', 'critical component', 'long run', 'compelling case', 'strategic positioning', 'investment horizon', 'valuable addition', 'dividend-focused portfolio', 'analyst projections', 'annual Dividends', 'profitability rank', 'global competitors', 'Powerful Chart', 'Clearstream segments', 'general insights', 'historical data', 'earnings prowess', '13 Years', 'DBOEY', 'investors', 'spotlight', 'Frankfurt', 'Germany', 'Eurex', 'trading', 'clearing', 'derivatives', 'custody', 'domestic', 'Xetra', 'STOXX', 'today', 'expectation', 'cost', 'portion', 'availability', 'funds', 'understanding', 'peers', 'lifeblood', 'average', 'capability', 'Conclusion', 'likelihood', 'consideration', 'article', 'commentary', '5.', '17.', '16.70', '62.', '59.']",2024-05-14,2024-05-14,finance.yahoo.com
40793,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/euronext-paris-growth-leaders-high-060416492.html,Euronext Paris Growth Leaders With High Insider Stakes May 2024,Amidst a backdrop of fluctuating global markets  France's CAC 40 Index has shown resilience with a notable increase of 3.29%  reflecting broader European...,Amidst a backdrop of fluctuating global markets  France's CAC 40 Index has shown resilience with a notable increase of 3.29%  reflecting broader European market optimism and potential monetary easing on the horizon. This positive momentum sets an intriguing stage for examining growth companies in Euronext Paris  particularly those with high insider ownership  which often signals strong confidence in the company’s future from those who know it best.Top 10 Growth Companies With High Insider Ownership In FranceName Insider Ownership Earnings Growth VusionGroup (ENXTPA:VU) 13.3% 25.8% Groupe OKwind Société anonyme (ENXTPA:ALOKW) 24.8% 37.7% WALLIX GROUP (ENXTPA:ALLIX) 19.9% 101.4% La Française de l'Energie (ENXTPA:FDE) 20.1% 37.6% OSE Immunotherapeutics (ENXTPA:OSE) 25.1% 92.9% Adocia (ENXTPA:ADOC) 12.9% 104.5% Icape Holding (ENXTPA:ALICA) 30.2% 30% Arcure (ENXTPA:ALCUR) 21.6% 41.7% Munic (ENXTPA:ALMUN) 29.2% 150% MedinCell (ENXTPA:MEDCL) 16.6% 68.8%Click here to see the full list of 21 stocks from our Fast Growing Euronext Paris Companies With High Insider Ownership screener.Here's a peek at a few of the choices from the screener.Simply Wall St Growth Rating: ★★★★☆☆Overview: Lectra SA offers industrial intelligence solutions targeting the fashion  automotive  and furniture sectors  with a market capitalization of approximately €1.26 billion.Operations: The company generates revenue from the Americas and Asia-Pacific regions  totaling €170.33 million and €110.28 million respectively.Insider Ownership: 19.6%Earnings Growth Forecast: 28.6% p.a.Lectra SA  a French growth company with substantial insider ownership  is trading 19.6% below its estimated fair value. The company's earnings are projected to increase by 28.6% annually  outpacing the French market's forecast of 10.9%. Despite this strong profit growth outlook  Lectra's return on equity is expected to remain low at 13.3% in three years. Recent financials indicate a slight dip in net income and earnings per share compared to the previous year  alongside stable sales growth.ENXTPA:LSS Earnings and Revenue Growth as at May 2024Simply Wall St Growth Rating: ★★★★★☆Overview: MedinCell S.A. is a French pharmaceutical company specializing in the development of long-acting injectable treatments across multiple therapeutic areas  with a market capitalization of approximately €428.37 million.Story continuesOperations: The company generates its revenue primarily from the pharmaceuticals segment  totaling €14.13 million.Insider Ownership: 16.6%Earnings Growth Forecast: 68.8% p.a.MedinCell  a French biotech firm  is poised for significant growth with expected revenue increases of 40.9% annually  outpacing the broader market's 5.8%. Although it has experienced shareholder dilution in the past year and shows high share price volatility  MedinCell's recent successful Phase 3 trial results for its schizophrenia treatment TEV-‘749 highlight its potential in the pharmaceutical industry. Furthermore  a strategic collaboration with AbbVie could bolster its development capabilities and financial prospects through substantial milestone payments and royalties.ENXTPA:MEDCL Earnings and Revenue Growth as at May 2024Simply Wall St Growth Rating: ★★★★★★Overview: VusionGroup S.A. specializes in offering digitalization solutions for commerce across Europe  Asia  and North America  with a market capitalization of approximately €2.50 billion.Operations: The company generates its revenue by providing digitalization services for commercial sectors across Europe  Asia  and North America.Insider Ownership: 13.3%Earnings Growth Forecast: 25.8% p.a.VusionGroup S.A. has demonstrated robust growth  with earnings increasing significantly over the past year and revenues rising to €801.96 million from €620.86 million previously. Analysts expect both earnings and revenue to outpace the French market significantly in the coming years  forecasting annual growth rates of 25.8% for earnings and 24.3% for revenue. Despite this strong performance  the company's share price has been highly volatile recently  which could concern some investors looking for stability.ENXTPA:VU Earnings and Revenue Growth as at May 2024Summing It All UpClick this link to deep-dive into the 21 companies within our Fast Growing Euronext Paris Companies With High Insider Ownership screener.Already own these companies? Link your portfolio to Simply Wall St and get alerts on any new warning signs to your stocks.Discover a world of investment opportunities with Simply Wall St's free app and access unparalleled stock analysis across all markets.Looking For Alternative Opportunities?This article by Simply Wall St is general in nature. We provide commentary based on historical data and analyst forecasts only using an unbiased methodology and our articles are not intended to be financial advice. It does not constitute a recommendation to buy or sell any stock  and does not take account of your objectives  or your financial situation. We aim to bring you long-term focused analysis driven by fundamental data. Note that our analysis may not factor in the latest price-sensitive company announcements or qualitative material. Simply Wall St has no position in any stocks mentioned.The analysis only considers stock directly held by insiders. It does not include indirectly owned stock through other vehicles such as corporate and/or trust entities. All forecast revenue and earnings growth rates quoted are in terms of annualised (per annum) growth rates over 1-3 years.Companies discussed in this article include ENXTPA:LSS ENXTPA:MEDCL and ENXTPA:VU .Have feedback on this article? Concerned about the content? Get in touch with us directly. Alternatively  email editorial-team@simplywallst.com,neutral,0.07,0.92,0.01,mixed,0.27,0.26,0.47,True,English,"['Euronext Paris Growth Leaders', 'High Insider Stakes', 'Groupe OKwind Société anonyme', 'recent successful Phase 3 trial results', 'Name Insider Ownership Earnings Growth VusionGroup', 'Fast Growing Euronext Paris Companies', 'Simply Wall St Growth Rating', 'La Française de', 'strong profit growth outlook', 'broader European market optimism', 'High Insider Ownership screener', 'high share price volatility', 'VusionGroup S.A.', 'substantial insider ownership', 'stable sales growth', 'annual growth rates', 'Top 10 Growth Companies', 'acting injectable treatments', 'multiple therapeutic areas', 'substantial milestone payments', 'new warning signs', 'long-term focused analysis', 'French biotech firm', 'industrial intelligence solutions', 'fluctuating global markets', 'potential monetary easing', 'unparalleled stock analysis', 'Earnings Growth Forecast', 'MedinCell S.A.', 'French growth company', 'French pharmaceutical company', 'Recent financials', 'broader market', 'significant growth', 'robust growth', 'French market', 'Revenue Growth', 'strong confidence', 'strong performance', 'pharmaceutical industry', 'digitalization solutions', 'market capitalization', 'LSS Earnings', 'CAC 40 Index', 'notable increase', 'positive momentum', 'intriguing stage', 'WALLIX GROUP', 'Icape Holding', 'full list', 'furniture sectors', 'Asia-Pacific regions', 'fair value', 'three years', 'slight dip', 'net income', 'previous year', 'pharmaceuticals segment', 'shareholder dilution', 'past year', 'schizophrenia treatment', 'strategic collaboration', 'financial prospects', 'North America', 'digitalization services', 'commercial sectors', 'coming years', 'investment opportunities', 'free app', 'Alternative Opportunities', 'historical data', 'analyst forecasts', 'unbiased methodology', 'financial advice', 'financial situation', 'Lectra SA', 'MEDCL Earnings', 'VU Earnings', 'OSE Immunotherapeutics', 'development capabilities', 'revenue increases', '21 companies', 'backdrop', 'France', 'resilience', 'horizon', 'future', 'ENXTPA', 'ALOKW', 'Energie', 'FDE', 'Adocia', 'ALICA', 'Arcure', 'ALCUR', 'Munic', 'ALMUN', '21 stocks', 'peek', 'choices', 'Overview', 'automotive', 'Operations', 'Americas', 'return', 'equity', 'May', 'Story', 'AbbVie', 'royalties', 'commerce', 'revenues', 'Analysts', 'investors', 'stability', 'link', 'portfolio', 'alerts', 'world', 'article', 'nature', 'commentary', 'recommendation', 'account', 'objectives', '25.']",2024-05-13,2024-05-14,finance.yahoo.com
40794,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/euronext-amsterdam-growth-companies-high-133554908.html,Euronext Amsterdam Growth Companies With High Insider Ownership And 27% Return On Equity,Amid a backdrop of global economic uncertainties and fluctuating markets  the Netherlands continues to demonstrate resilience with its robust market...,Amid a backdrop of global economic uncertainties and fluctuating markets  the Netherlands continues to demonstrate resilience with its robust market performance. In this environment  growth companies with high insider ownership in the Euronext Amsterdam not only signal strong confidence from those closest to the company but also offer potential for substantial returns on equity  as evidenced by an impressive 27% benchmark.Top 5 Growth Companies With High Insider Ownership In The NetherlandsName Insider Ownership Earnings Growth Envipco Holding (ENXTAM:ENVI) 15.1% 62.7% Ebusco Holding (ENXTAM:EBUS) 32.6% 122.5% MotorK (ENXTAM:MTRK) 39.1% 105.8% Basic-Fit (ENXTAM:BFIT) 12% 66.1% PostNL (ENXTAM:PNL) 31.1% 33.6%Click here to see the full list of 5 stocks from our Fast Growing Euronext Amsterdam Companies With High Insider Ownership screener.Let's explore several standout options from the results in the screener.Simply Wall St Growth Rating: ★★★★★☆Overview: Basic-Fit N.V. operates a chain of fitness clubs across Europe  with a market capitalization of approximately €1.44 billion.Operations: The company generates its revenue primarily from two segments: €479.04 million from the Benelux region and €568.21 million from France  Spain  and Germany.Insider Ownership: 12%Return On Equity Forecast: 25% (2026 estimate)Basic-Fit  a fitness chain in the Netherlands  is navigating a growth trajectory with insider buying activity and promising profitability forecasts. Analysts predict a significant price rise of 56.8%  and earnings are expected to surge by 66.07% annually. Despite its revenue growth of 15% per year lagging behind some high-growth benchmarks  it outpaces the Dutch market's 9.2%. However  its share price has shown high volatility recently. Insiders have been net buyers over the past three months  underscoring their confidence in the company's prospects as it moves towards profitability within three years and aims for a strong return on equity of 25.1%.ENXTAM:BFIT Ownership Breakdown as at May 2024Simply Wall St Growth Rating: ★★★★★★Overview: Envipco Holding N.V. specializes in designing  developing  manufacturing  and selling or leasing reverse vending machines for recycling used beverage containers  primarily operating in the Netherlands  North America  and Europe with a market capitalization of €334.60 million.Operations: The company generates its revenue by designing  developing  manufacturing  and selling or leasing reverse vending machines for recycling used beverage containers across the Netherlands  North America  and Europe.Story continuesInsider Ownership: 15.1%Return On Equity Forecast: 26% (2026 estimate)Envipco Holding N.V.  a company based in the Netherlands  has recently transitioned to profitability with its latest full-year earnings showing significant improvement. The firm reported a substantial increase in sales and net income for the year ended December 31  2023. Analysts forecast Envipco's earnings to grow by 62.7% annually over the next three years  outpacing both its previous performance and market averages. Despite high revenue growth expectations of 33% per year  shareholder dilution occurred last year due to equity offerings totaling NOK 300 million. Additionally  while trading at a considerable discount to estimated fair value  the company's share price remains highly volatile.ENXTAM:ENVI Ownership Breakdown as at May 2024Simply Wall St Growth Rating: ★★★★☆☆Overview: PostNL N.V. offers postal and logistics services across the Netherlands  other parts of Europe  and globally  with a market capitalization of approximately €0.62 billion.Operations: The company's revenue is primarily generated from its Packages and Mail in The Netherlands segments  which contributed €2.25 billion and €1.35 billion respectively.Insider Ownership: 31.1%Return On Equity Forecast: 27% (2027 estimate)PostNL  a Dutch growth company with high insider ownership  is currently trading below its estimated fair value by 3.1%. Despite a recent downturn in quarterly earnings  with a shift from net income to a net loss as reported in the first quarter of 2024  PostNL has shown resilience by becoming profitable over the last fiscal year. Analysts predict robust annual earnings growth of 33.6% over the next three years  outstripping the broader Dutch market's forecasted growth. However  its revenue growth projections are modest at 3% per year and lag behind market expectations. The company also carries a high level of debt which could pose challenges despite its strong forecasted return on equity at 27.5%.ENXTAM:PNL Ownership Breakdown as at May 2024Next StepsGet an in-depth perspective on all 5 Fast Growing Euronext Amsterdam Companies With High Insider Ownership by using our screener here.Hold shares in these firms? Setup your portfolio in Simply Wall St to seamlessly track your investments and receive personalized updates on your portfolio's performance.Discover a world of investment opportunities with Simply Wall St's free app and access unparalleled stock analysis across all markets.Ready For A Different Approach?This article by Simply Wall St is general in nature. We provide commentary based on historical data and analyst forecasts only using an unbiased methodology and our articles are not intended to be financial advice. It does not constitute a recommendation to buy or sell any stock  and does not take account of your objectives  or your financial situation. We aim to bring you long-term focused analysis driven by fundamental data. Note that our analysis may not factor in the latest price-sensitive company announcements or qualitative material. Simply Wall St has no position in any stocks mentioned.The analysis only considers stock directly held by insiders. It does not include indirectly owned stock through other vehicles such as corporate and/or trust entities. All forecast revenue and earnings growth rates quoted are in terms of annualised (per annum) growth rates over 1-3 years.Companies discussed in this article include ENXTAM:BFIT ENXTAM:ENVIENXTAM:PNL andHave feedback on this article? Concerned about the content? Get in touch with us directly. Alternatively  email editorial-team@simplywallst.com,neutral,0.09,0.89,0.01,mixed,0.17,0.38,0.44,True,English,"['Euronext Amsterdam Growth Companies', 'High Insider Ownership', '27% Return', 'Equity', 'Fast Growing Euronext Amsterdam Companies', 'Simply Wall St Growth Rating', 'Name Insider Ownership Earnings Growth', 'robust annual earnings growth', 'Envipco Holding N.V.', 'high revenue growth expectations', 'High Insider Ownership screener', 'Top 5 Growth Companies', 'global economic uncertainties', 'several standout options', 'insider buying activity', 'reverse vending machines', 'unparalleled stock analysis', 'past three months', 'Basic-Fit N.V.', 'latest full-year earnings', 'PostNL N.V.', 'revenue growth projections', 'next three years', 'BFIT Ownership Breakdown', 'ENVI Ownership Breakdown', 'PNL Ownership Breakdown', 'significant price rise', 'broader Dutch market', 'promising profitability forecasts', 'robust market performance', 'last fiscal year', 'Dutch growth company', 'strong forecasted return', 'The Netherlands segments', 'growth trajectory', 'market expectations', 'Ebusco Holding', 'high volatility', 'high level', 'quarterly earnings', 'Next Steps', 'two segments', 'significant improvement', 'share price', 'market capitalization', 'fluctuating markets', 'substantial returns', 'impressive 27% benchmark', 'full list', 'fitness clubs', 'Benelux region', 'high-growth benchmarks', 'net buyers', 'beverage containers', 'North America', 'substantial increase', 'net income', 'previous performance', 'shareholder dilution', 'considerable discount', 'fair value', 'logistics services', 'other parts', 'recent downturn', 'net loss', 'first quarter', 'depth perspective', 'personalized updates', 'investment opportunities', 'free app', 'strong return', 'strong confidence', 'Equity Forecast', 'equity offerings', 'fitness chain', 'backdrop', 'resilience', 'environment', 'potential', 'ENXTAM', 'MotorK', 'MTRK', '5 stocks', 'results', 'Overview', 'Europe', 'Operations', 'France', 'Spain', 'Germany', 'Analysts', 'Insiders', 'prospects', 'May', 'recycling', 'Story', 'firm', 'sales', 'averages', 'NOK', 'postal', 'Packages', 'Mail', 'shift', 'debt', 'challenges', 'shares', 'portfolio', 'investments', 'world']",2024-05-13,2024-05-14,finance.yahoo.com
40795,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2024/05/13/2880710/0/en/Euronext-announces-volumes-for-April-2024.html,Euronext announces volumes for April 2024,Contacts MediaContact Investor RelationsAmsterdam+31 20 721 4133Brussels+32 2 620 15 50+33 1 70 48 24 17Dublin+39 02 72 42 62 13Lisbon+351 91 777 68......,"Contacts Media Contact Investor Relations Amsterdam +31 20 721 4133 Brussels +32 2 620 15 50 +33 1 70 48 24 17 Dublin +39 02 72 42 62 13 Lisbon +351 91 777 68 97 Milan +39 02 72 42 67 56 Oslo +47 41 69 59 10 Paris +33 1 70 48 24 45Euronext announces volumes for April 2024Amsterdam  Brussels  Dublin  Lisbon  Milan  Oslo and Paris – 13 May 2024 – Euronext  the leading pan-European market infrastructure  today announced trading volumes for April 2024.Monthly and historical volume tables are available at this address:https://euronext.com/investor-relations#monthly-volumesCONTACTSMEDIA – mediateam@euronext.com Europe Aurélie Cohen +33 1 70 48 24 45 mediateam@euronext.com Andrea Monzani +39 02 72 42 62 13 Amsterdam Marianne Aalders +31 20 721 41 33 amsterdampressoffice@euronext.com Brussels Marianne Aalders +32 26 20 15 01 brusselspressoffice@euronext.com Dublin Andrea Monzani +39 02 72 42 62 13 dublinpressoffice@euronext.com Lisbon Sandra Machado +351 91 777 68 97portugalpressoffice@euronext.com Milan  Rome Ester Russom +39 02 72 42 67 56 italypressoffice@euronext.com Oslo Cathrine Lorvik Segerlund +47 41 69 59 10 oslopressoffice@euronext.com Paris  Corporate Flavio Bornancin-Tomasella +33 1 70 48 24 45 parispressoffice@euronext.com Corporate Services Coralie Patri +33 7 88 34 27 44 parispressoffice@euronext.com ANALYSTS & INVESTORS – ir@euronext.com Aurélie Cohen +33 1 70 48 24 17 ir@euronext.com Clément Kubiak +33 1 70 48 26 33 ir@euronext.comAbout EuronextEuronext is the leading pan-European market infrastructure  connecting European economies to global capital markets  to accelerate innovation and sustainable growth. It operates regulated exchanges in Belgium  France  Ireland  Italy  the Netherlands  Norway and Portugal. With nearly 1 900 listed issuers and around €7.1 trillion in market capitalisation as of end of March 2024  it has an unmatched blue-chip franchise and a strong diverse domestic and international client base. Euronext operates regulated and transparent equity and derivatives markets  one of Europe’s leading electronic fixed income trading markets and is the largest centre for debt and funds listings in the world. Its total product offering includes Equities  FX  Exchange Traded Funds  Warrants & Certificates  Bonds  Derivatives  Commodities and Indices. The Group provides a multi-asset clearing house through Euronext Clearing  and custody and settlement services through Euronext Securities central securities depositories in Denmark  Italy  Norway and Portugal. Euronext also leverages its expertise in running markets by providing technology and managed services to third parties. In addition to its main regulated market  it also operates a number of junior markets  simplifying access to listing for SMEs. For the latest news  go to euronext.com or follow us on Twitter (twitter.com/euronext) and LinkedIn (https://www.linkedin.com/company/euronext)DisclaimerThis press release is for information purposes only: it is not a recommendation to engage in investment activities and is provided “as is”  without representation or warranty of any kind. While all reasonable care has been taken to ensure the accuracy of the content  Euronext does not guarantee its accuracy or completeness. Euronext will not be held liable for any loss or damages of any nature ensuing from using  trusting or acting on information provided. No information set out or referred to in this publication may be regarded as creating any right or obligation. The creation of rights and obligations in respect of financial products that are traded on the exchanges operated by Euronext’s subsidiaries shall depend solely on the applicable rules of the market operator. All proprietary rights and interest in or connected with this publication shall vest in Euronext. This press release speaks only as of this date. Euronext refers to Euronext N.V. and its affiliates. Information regarding trademarks and intellectual property rights of Euronext is available at www.euronext.com/terms-use.© 2024  Euronext N.V. - All rights reserved.The Euronext Group processes your personal data in order to provide you with information about Euronext (the ""Purpose""). With regard to the processing of this personal data  Euronext will comply with its obligations under Regulation (EU) 2016/679 of the European Parliament and Council of 27 April 2016 (General Data Protection Regulation  “GDPR”)  and any applicable national laws  rules and regulations implementing the GDPR  as provided in its privacy statement available at: www.euronext.com/privacy-policy. In accordance with the applicable legislation you have rights with regard to the processing of your personal data: for more information on your rights  please refer to: www.euronext.com/data_subjects_rights_request_information. To make a request regarding the processing of your data or to unsubscribe from this press release service  please use our data subject request form at connect2.euronext.com/form/data-subjects-rights-request or email our Data Protection Officer at dpo@euronext.com.Attachment",neutral,0.02,0.98,0.01,negative,0.01,0.37,0.62,True,English,"['Euronext', 'volumes', 'April', 'leading electronic fixed income trading markets', 'Euronext Securities central securities depositories', 'Contacts Media Contact Investor Relations', 'leading pan-European market infrastructure', 'Corporate Services Coralie Patri', 'Oslo Cathrine Lorvik Segerlund', 'Europe Aurélie Cohen', 'General Data Protection Regulation', 'data subject request form', 'Corporate Flavio Bornancin-Tomasella', 'Data Protection Officer', 'historical volume tables', 'Rome Ester Russom', 'Clément Kubiak', 'unmatched blue-chip franchise', 'strong diverse domestic', 'international client base', 'total product offering', 'global capital markets', 'Exchange Traded Funds', 'multi-asset clearing house', 'applicable national laws', 'main regulated market', 'Amsterdam Marianne Aalders', 'Brussels Marianne Aalders', 'Lisbon Sandra Machado', 'press release service', 'intellectual property rights', 'Euronext N.V.', 'The Euronext Group', 'trading volumes', 'market capitalisation', 'The Group', 'market operator', 'junior markets', 'settlement services', 'managed services', 'personal data', 'funds listings', 'applicable legislation', 'derivatives markets', 'Andrea Monzani', 'European economies', 'sustainable growth', '1,900 listed issuers', 'transparent equity', 'largest centre', 'third parties', 'latest news', 'investment activities', 'reasonable care', 'financial products', 'European Parliament', 'privacy statement', 'Euronext Clearing', 'applicable rules', 'regulated exchanges', 'proprietary rights', 'information purposes', 'Dublin', 'Milan', 'Paris', 'April', '13 May', 'Monthly', 'address', 'investor-relations', 'brusselspressoffice', 'portugalpressoffice', 'ANALYSTS', 'INVESTORS', 'innovation', 'Belgium', 'France', 'Ireland', 'Italy', 'Netherlands', 'Norway', 'end', 'March', 'debt', 'world', 'Equities', 'FX', 'Warrants', 'Certificates', 'Bonds', 'Commodities', 'Indices', 'custody', 'Denmark', 'expertise', 'technology', 'addition', 'number', 'access', 'SMEs', 'Twitter', 'LinkedIn', 'Disclaimer', 'representation', 'warranty', 'kind', 'accuracy', 'content', 'completeness', 'loss', 'damages', 'nature', 'publication', 'obligation', 'creation', 'respect', 'subsidiaries', 'interest', 'date', 'affiliates', 'trademarks', 'terms', 'order', 'processing', 'Council', 'GDPR', 'regulations', 'privacy-policy', 'accordance', 'regard', 'www', 'dpo', 'Attachment', '02']",2024-05-13,2024-05-14,globenewswire.com
40796,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/EURONEXT-N-V-16725768/news/Euronext-announces-volumes-for-April-2024-46708027/,Euronext announces volumes for April 2024,(marketscreener.com) Contacts MediaContact Investor RelationsAmsterdam+31 20 721 4133Brussels+32 2 620 15 50+33 1 70 48 24 17Dublin+39 02 72 42 62 13Lisbon+351 91 777 68 97 Milan+39 02 72 42 67 56Oslo+47 41 69 59 10  Paris+33 1 70 48 24 45    Euronext announc…,"Contacts Media Contact Investor Relations Amsterdam +31 20 721 4133 Brussels +32 2 620 15 50 +33 1 70 48 24 17 Dublin +39 02 72 42 62 13 Lisbon +351 91 777 68 97 Milan +39 02 72 42 67 56 Oslo +47 41 69 59 10 Paris +33 1 70 48 24 45Euronext announces volumes for April 2024Amsterdam  Brussels  Dublin  Lisbon  Milan  Oslo and Paris – 13 May 2024 – Euronext  the leading pan-European market infrastructure  today announced trading volumes for April 2024.Monthly and historical volume tables are available at this address:https://euronext.com/investor-relations#monthly-volumesCONTACTSMEDIA – mediateam@euronext.com Europe Aurélie Cohen +33 1 70 48 24 45 mediateam@euronext.com Andrea Monzani +39 02 72 42 62 13 Amsterdam Marianne Aalders +31 20 721 41 33 amsterdampressoffice@euronext.com Brussels Marianne Aalders +32 26 20 15 01 brusselspressoffice@euronext.com Dublin Andrea Monzani +39 02 72 42 62 13 dublinpressoffice @euronext.com Lisbon Sandra Machado +351 91 777 68 97portugalpressoffice@euronext.com Milan  Rome Ester Russom +39 02 72 42 67 56 italypressoffice@euronext.com Oslo Cathrine Lorvik Segerlund +47 41 69 59 10 oslopressoffice@euronext.com Paris  Corporate Flavio Bornancin-Tomasella +33 1 70 48 24 45 parispressoffice@euronext.com Corporate Services Coralie Patri +33 7 88 34 27 44 parispressoffice@euronext.com ANALYSTS & INVESTORS – ir@euronext.com Aurélie Cohen +33 1 70 48 24 17 ir@euronext.com Clément Kubiak +33 1 70 48 26 33 ir@euronext.comAbout EuronextEuronext is the leading pan-European market infrastructure  connecting European economies to global capital markets  to accelerate innovation and sustainable growth. It operates regulated exchanges in Belgium  France  Ireland  Italy  the Netherlands  Norway and Portugal. With nearly 1 900 listed issuers and around €7.1 trillion in market capitalisation as of end of March 2024  it has an unmatched blue-chip franchise and a strong diverse domestic and international client base. Euronext operates regulated and transparent equity and derivatives markets  one of Europe’s leading electronic fixed income trading markets and is the largest centre for debt and funds listings in the world. Its total product offering includes Equities  FX  Exchange Traded Funds  Warrants & Certificates  Bonds  Derivatives  Commodities and Indices. The Group provides a multi-asset clearing house through Euronext Clearing  and custody and settlement services through Euronext Securities central securities depositories in Denmark  Italy  Norway and Portugal. Euronext also leverages its expertise in running markets by providing technology and managed services to third parties. In addition to its main regulated market  it also operates a number of junior markets  simplifying access to listing for SMEs. For the latest news  go to euronext.com or follow us on Twitter (twitter.com/euronext) and LinkedIn (https://www.linkedin.com/company/euronext)DisclaimerThis press release is for information purposes only: it is not a recommendation to engage in investment activities and is provided “as is”  without representation or warranty of any kind. While all reasonable care has been taken to ensure the accuracy of the content  Euronext does not guarantee its accuracy or completeness. Euronext will not be held liable for any loss or damages of any nature ensuing from using  trusting or acting on information provided. No information set out or referred to in this publication may be regarded as creating any right or obligation. The creation of rights and obligations in respect of financial products that are traded on the exchanges operated by Euronext’s subsidiaries shall depend solely on the applicable rules of the market operator. All proprietary rights and interest in or connected with this publication shall vest in Euronext. This press release speaks only as of this date. Euronext refers to Euronext N.V. and its affiliates. Information regarding trademarks and intellectual property rights of Euronext is available at www.euronext.com/terms-use.© 2024  Euronext N.V. - All rights reserved.The Euronext Group processes your personal data in order to provide you with information about Euronext (the ""Purpose""). With regard to the processing of this personal data  Euronext will comply with its obligations under Regulation (EU) 2016/679 of the European Parliament and Council of 27 April 2016 (General Data Protection Regulation  “GDPR”)  and any applicable national laws  rules and regulations implementing the GDPR  as provided in its privacy statement available at: www.euronext.com/privacy-policy. In accordance with the applicable legislation you have rights with regard to the processing of your personal data: for more information on your rights  please refer to: www.euronext.com/data_subjects_rights_request_information. To make a request regarding the processing of your data or to unsubscribe from this press release service  please use our data subject request form at connect2.euronext.com/form/data-subjects-rights-request or email our Data Protection Officer at dpo@euronext.com.Attachment",neutral,0.02,0.98,0.01,negative,0.01,0.37,0.62,True,English,"['Euronext', 'volumes', 'April', 'leading electronic fixed income trading markets', 'Euronext Securities central securities depositories', 'Contacts Media Contact Investor Relations', 'leading pan-European market infrastructure', 'Corporate Services Coralie Patri', 'Oslo Cathrine Lorvik Segerlund', 'Europe Aurélie Cohen', 'General Data Protection Regulation', 'data subject request form', 'Corporate Flavio Bornancin-Tomasella', 'Data Protection Officer', 'historical volume tables', 'Rome Ester Russom', 'Clément Kubiak', 'unmatched blue-chip franchise', 'strong diverse domestic', 'international client base', 'total product offering', 'global capital markets', 'Exchange Traded Funds', 'multi-asset clearing house', 'applicable national laws', 'main regulated market', 'Amsterdam Marianne Aalders', 'Brussels Marianne Aalders', 'Lisbon Sandra Machado', 'press release service', 'intellectual property rights', 'Euronext N.V.', 'The Euronext Group', 'trading volumes', 'market capitalisation', 'The Group', 'market operator', 'junior markets', 'settlement services', 'managed services', 'personal data', 'funds listings', 'applicable legislation', 'derivatives markets', 'Andrea Monzani', 'European economies', 'sustainable growth', '1,900 listed issuers', 'transparent equity', 'largest centre', 'third parties', 'latest news', 'investment activities', 'reasonable care', 'financial products', 'European Parliament', 'privacy statement', 'Euronext Clearing', 'applicable rules', 'regulated exchanges', 'proprietary rights', 'information purposes', 'Dublin', 'Milan', 'Paris', 'April', '13 May', 'Monthly', 'address', 'investor-relations', 'brusselspressoffice', 'ANALYSTS', 'INVESTORS', 'innovation', 'Belgium', 'France', 'Ireland', 'Italy', 'Netherlands', 'Norway', 'Portugal', 'end', 'March', 'debt', 'world', 'Equities', 'FX', 'Warrants', 'Certificates', 'Bonds', 'Commodities', 'Indices', 'custody', 'Denmark', 'expertise', 'technology', 'addition', 'number', 'access', 'SMEs', 'Twitter', 'LinkedIn', 'Disclaimer', 'representation', 'warranty', 'kind', 'accuracy', 'content', 'completeness', 'loss', 'damages', 'nature', 'publication', 'obligation', 'creation', 'respect', 'subsidiaries', 'interest', 'date', 'affiliates', 'trademarks', 'terms', 'order', 'processing', 'Council', 'GDPR', 'regulations', 'privacy-policy', 'accordance', 'regard', 'www', 'dpo', 'Attachment', '02']",2024-05-13,2024-05-14,marketscreener.com
40797,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.investing.com/news/press-releases/ctp-doubles-in-size-only-three-years-after-euronext-listing-93CH-3436241,CTP doubles in size only three years after Euronext listing By Investing.com,CTP doubles in size only three years after Euronext listing,"AMSTERDAM--(BUSINESS WIRE)--Regulatory News:CTP  Europe's largest listed owner  developer and manager of logistics and industrial real estate by gross lettable area (GLA) has marked the third anniversary of its listing on the Euronext Amsterdam stock exchange  which at the time was the largest real estate IPO in Europe since 2014  with remarkable success.The subsequent three years from CTP's listing in March 2021 have been a time of accelerated growth for the company  highlighted by a 103% increase in GLA from 5.9 million sqm to 12.0 million sqm across CTP's European portfolio and 162% growth in its landbank  from 8.8 million sqm to 23.1 million sqm  thereby locking in future expansion by enabling CTP to develop more space to meet strong demand.CTP's rapid growth is only set to accelerate further  given the 116% increase in the next 12 months of contracted revenues (from €344 million to €742 million) over the same period. This upward trajectory supports CTP's ambitious target to reach over 1.2 billion of annualised rental income before the end of the decade.CTP's IPO in 2021 enabled the company to enter new markets  including Germany through the circa €800 million acquisition and delisting of Deutsche Industrie REIT-AG (DIR)  which had a portfolio of 1.6 million sqm of GLA that was under rented and adjacent land plots for future development. The proceeds raised through the listing also enabled CTP to enter other markets like Poland  through the acquisition of a 2.5 million sqm landbank from 7R in 2022.here or remove ads . 3rd party Ad. Not an offer or recommendation by Investing.com. See disclosureorHaving established this strong platform  CTP will be investing €1 billion in Germany over the coming years. As part of this CTP recently announced it will develop a major new high tech 160 000 sqm business park in MÃ¼lheim in west Germany  while it has also recently signed a deal with leading Taiwanese company Quanta Computer Inc. for a high-tech pioneering production facility at CTPark JÃ¼lich in the Brainergy Park JÃ¼lich in northwest Germany.The IPO has also supported CTP's growth by enhancing its access to capital markets  with CTP receiving investment-grade credit ratings from both Moody's (NYSE: ) and S&P. Since receiving the credit rating in 2020  CTP has successfully issued €5 billion in Green Bonds at attractive conditions.CTP has also delivered on the promises set out to shareholders during the IPO process. Since March 2021  CTP's EPRA Net Tangible Asset (NTA) per share has increased by 98% (from €8.32 to €16.50)  while Company Specific Adjusted EPRA earnings per share (EPS) has grown by 66% (from €0.44 to €0.811).The IPO in 2021 did not change CTP's strategy  which has been consistent since it began in 1998: to develop  own and operate state-of-the-art business parks in strategic locations  creating eco-systems  leveraging its strong client relationships and driving sustainable  long-term value creation.CTP's unprecedented success stems from its entrepreneurial spirit  market insight  and first-mover advantages in business-smart Central and Eastern Europe (CEE). The drivers that have led the growth of CEE markets over the past decade”strategic location  developed transport infrastructure  lower labour costs  and a well-educated workforce”are even more relevant today  as companies worldwide are rethinking their supply chains to make them more resilient.here or remove ads . 3rd party Ad. Not an offer or recommendation by Investing.com. See disclosureorCTP's successful recent expansion into Western Europe and the strengthening of its position as market leader in CEE enables it to provide seamless  value-driven property solutions from its integrated network of CTParks across ten European markets from the North Sea to the Black Sea.Remon Vos  CEO of CTP  said: The third anniversary of the IPO demonstrates our rapid progress since going public. In the past three years we have not only doubled our gross lettable area  but almost tripled our landbank  and we are going to do it all again “ our team of more than 750 employees with many young talents is set up to make us grow faster than ever.With this phenomenal track record  we are excited for what the coming years will bring. We continued to outperform the market and retained its double-digit pace of growth  reflecting CTP's strong financial and operational performance and the resilience of our business model.We expect further rental growth to be driven by a supply“demand imbalance of high-quality logistics space across our markets. Demand for industrial and logistics real estate in the CEE region is also being driven by structural demand drivers  such as the professionalisation of supply chains  e-commerce  and occupiers seeking to enhance the resilience of their supply chains through nearshoring and friend-shoring  as the CEE region offers the best cost location in Europe. Already the market leader in CEE  we look forward to further strengthen our position here and in grow our presence other European markets as we reach our 2030 goals.""here or remove ads . 3rd party Ad. Not an offer or recommendation by Investing.com. See disclosureorENDAbout CTPCTP is Europe's largest listed owner  developer  and manager of logistics and industrial real estate in terms of gross lettable area  with 12.0 million sqm GLA in 10 countries (as at 31 March 2024). The company certifies all new buildings under BREEAM at ˜very good' or above and has achieved a low-risk ESG rating from Sustainalytics  reaffirming its commitment to sustainability. For more information  please visit: www.ctp.eu.1 Mid-point 2024 Company Specific Adjusted EPRA EPS guidance: €0.80 - €0.82View source version on businesswire.com: https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20240512687279/en/CONTACT DETAILS FOR MEDIA ENQUIRIES:Patryk Statkiewicz  Group Head of Marketing & PRMobile: +31 (0) 629 596 119Email: patryk.statkiewicz@ctp.euSEC NewgateSara Champness/James CarnegieMobile: +44 (0) 7962 387 949Email: CTP@secnewgate.co.ukCONTACT DETAILS FOR ANALYST AND INVESTOR ENQUIRIES:Maarten Otte  Head of Investor RelationsMobile: +420 730 197 500Email: maarten.otte@ctp.euSource: CTP",neutral,0.02,0.97,0.01,mixed,0.5,0.29,0.21,True,English,"['Euronext listing', 'CTP', 'size', 'Investing', 'com', 'major new high tech 160,000 sqm business park', 'Company Specific Adjusted EPRA earnings', 'Brainergy Park JÃ¼lich', 'EPRA Net Tangible Asset', 'high-tech pioneering production facility', 'sustainable, long-term value creation', 'seamless, value-driven property solutions', 'Euronext Amsterdam stock exchange', 'largest real estate IPO', 'CTPark JÃ¼lich', 'largest listed owner', 'gross lettable area', 'Deutsche Industrie REIT-AG', 'adjacent land plots', '3rd party Ad.', 'Quanta Computer Inc.', 'lower labour costs', 'many young talents', 'phenomenal track record', 'logistics real estate', 'industrial real estate', 'subsequent three years', 'annualised rental income', 'leading Taiwanese company', 'investment-grade credit ratings', 'successful recent expansion', 'best cost location', 'strong client relationships', 'past three years', 'ten European markets', 'supply“demand imbalance', 'high-quality logistics space', 'other European markets', 'circa €800 million acquisition', 'structural demand drivers', '2.5 million sqm landbank', 'new markets', 'BUSINESS WIRE', 'business parks', 'business model', '5.9 million sqm', '12.0 million sqm', '8.8 million sqm', '23.1 million sqm', '1.6 million sqm', 'other markets', 'future expansion', 'strong demand', 'coming years', 'strategic location', 'strong platform', 'supply chains', 'strong financial', 'European portfolio', 'capital markets', 'Regulatory News', 'third anniversary', 'remarkable success', 'next 12 months', 'same period', 'upward trajectory', 'ambitious target', 'future development', 'Investing.com', 'MÃ¼lheim', 'The IPO', 'S&P.', 'Green Bonds', 'attractive conditions', 'IPO process', 'unprecedented success', 'entrepreneurial spirit', 'first-mover advantages', 'business-smart Central', 'past decade', 'transport infrastructure', 'integrated network', 'North Sea', 'Black Sea', 'Remon Vos', 'rapid progress', 'double-digit pace', 'operational performance', 'rental growth', 'market insight', 'market leader', 'CEE markets', 'west Germany', 'CEE region', 'accelerated growth', 'rapid growth', 'Eastern Europe', 'Western Europe', '162% growth', 'developer', 'manager', 'GLA', 'listing', 'time', 'March', '103% increase', '116% increase', 'revenues', 'end', 'DIR', 'proceeds', 'Poland', '7R', 'ads', 'offer', 'disclosureor', 'deal', 'access', 'Moody', 'NYSE', 'promises', 'shareholders', 'EPS', 'strategy', 'eco-systems', 'workforce', 'companies', 'strengthening', 'position', 'CTParks', 'CEO', 'team', '750 employees', 'resilience', 'professionalisation', 'commerce', 'occupiers', 'nearshoring', 'presence', '2030 goals']",2024-05-13,2024-05-14,investing.com
40798,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2024/05/13/2880824/0/en/ASM-International-N-V-announces-voting-results-of-the-Annual-General-Meeting.html,ASM International N.V. announces voting results of the Annual General Meeting,Almere  The Netherlands May 13  2024            ASM International N.V. (Euronext Amsterdam: ASM) today announces the voting results of its Annual...,Almere  The NetherlandsMay 13  2024ASM International N.V. (Euronext Amsterdam: ASM) today announces the voting results of its Annual General Meeting held on May 13  2024  in the Van der Valk Hotel Almere  in Almere  the Netherlands.The shareholders approved all resolutions as proposed to the Annual General Meeting.The main resolutions include the following:The annual accounts 2023 were approved and adopted.A regular dividend of €2.75 per common share was approved.Mr. Lamouche was reappointed  and Ms. Micki and Mr. Van den Brink were appointed as members of the Supervisory Board.Ernst & Young Accountants LLP was appointed as auditor for the financial year 2025.A change of the remuneration policy for  and remuneration of  the Supervisory Board was also approved.An amendment to ASM’s articles of association was approved.Furthermore  as of today the Supervisory Board appointed Hichem M’Saad as ASM’s new CEO and Chairman of the Management Board  succeeding Benjamin Loh. Pauline van der Meer Mohr  Chair of the Supervisory Board: “On behalf of the Supervisory Board  I would like to congratulate Benjamin on his very successful achievements as CEO of ASM and thank him once more for everything he has done for our company during the last four years. Also  we congratulate Hichem with his new position  wishing him all the best. We have full confidence that he will be a great successor.”About ASM International N.V.ASM International N.V.  headquartered in Almere  the Netherlands  and its subsidiaries design and manufacture equipment and process solutions to produce semiconductor devices for wafer processing  and have facilities in the United States  Europe  and Asia. ASM International's common stock trades on the Euronext Amsterdam Stock Exchange (symbol: ASM). For more information  visit ASM's website at www.asm.com.,neutral,0.04,0.95,0.01,positive,0.85,0.14,0.01,True,English,"['ASM International N.V.', 'Annual General Meeting', 'voting results', 'Pauline van der Meer Mohr', 'Van der Valk Hotel Almere', 'Mr. Van den Brink', 'Euronext Amsterdam Stock Exchange', 'ASM International N.V.', 'Young Accountants LLP', 'last four years', 'common stock trades', 'Annual General Meeting', 'Hichem M’Saad', 'Mr. Lamouche', 'annual accounts', 'common share', 'voting results', 'regular dividend', 'Ms. Micki', 'Supervisory Board', 'financial year', 'Management Board', 'successful achievements', 'new position', 'full confidence', 'great successor', 'process solutions', 'semiconductor devices', 'wafer processing', 'United States', 'main resolutions', 'remuneration policy', 'new CEO', 'Benjamin Loh', 'The Netherlands', 'May', 'shareholders', 'members', 'Ernst', 'auditor', 'amendment', 'articles', 'association', 'today', 'Chairman', 'behalf', 'everything', 'company', 'subsidiaries', 'manufacture', 'equipment', 'facilities', 'Europe', 'Asia', 'symbol', 'information', 'website']",2024-05-13,2024-05-14,globenewswire.com
40799,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2024/05/13/2880252/0/en/Signify-share-repurchase-periodic-update.html,Signify share repurchase periodic update,Press Release  May 13  2024  Signify share repurchase periodic update  Eindhoven  The Netherlands – Signify (Euronext: LIGHT)  the world leader in......,Press ReleaseMay 13  2024Signify share repurchase periodic updateEindhoven  The Netherlands – Signify (Euronext: LIGHT)  the world leader in lighting  today announced that it has repurchased 229 258 shares in the period May 6 to May 10  2024. The shares were repurchased at an average price of EUR 26.73 per share and an aggregate amount of EUR 6.1 million.These repurchases were made as part of the company’s repurchase program  which was announced on April 29  2024. Signify will use the shares to cover obligations arising from its long-term incentive performance share plan and other employee share plans. The total number of shares repurchased under this program to date is 383 238 shares for a total consideration of EUR 10.1 million.Details on the share buyback transactions can be found here.--- END ---For further information  please contact:Signify Investor RelationsThelke GerdesTel: +31 6 1801 7131E-mail: thelke.gerdes@signify.comSignify Corporate CommunicationsTom LodgeTel: +31 6 5252 5416E-mail: tom.lodge@signify.comAbout SignifySignify (Euronext: LIGHT) is the world leader in lighting for professionals  consumers and the Internet of Things. Our Philips products  Interact systems and data-enabled services deliver business value and transform life in homes  buildings and public spaces. In 2023  we had sales of EUR 6.7 billion  approximately 32 000 employees and a presence in over 70 countries. We unlock the extraordinary potential of light for brighter lives and a better world. We have been in the Dow Jones Sustainability World Index since our IPO for seven consecutive years and have achieved the EcoVadis Platinum rating for four consecutive years  placing Signify in the top one percent of companies assessed. News from Signify can be found in the Newsroom   on X   LinkedIn and Instagram . Information for investors is located on the Investor Relations page.Attachment,neutral,0.03,0.96,0.0,positive,0.7,0.29,0.02,True,English,"['share repurchase periodic update', 'long-term incentive performance share plan', 'Dow Jones Sustainability World Index', 'other employee share plans', 'share repurchase periodic update', 'Corporate Communications Tom Lodge', 'share buyback transactions', 'seven consecutive years', 'EcoVadis Platinum rating', 'four consecutive years', 'top one percent', 'Investor Relations page', 'world leader', 'repurchase program', 'Press Release', 'The Netherlands', 'average price', 'aggregate amount', 'total number', 'total consideration', 'Philips products', 'Interact systems', 'data-enabled services', 'business value', 'public spaces', 'extraordinary potential', 'brighter lives', 'Thelke Gerdes', 'Eindhoven', 'Signify', 'Euronext', 'LIGHT', '229,258 shares', 'May', 'repurchases', 'part', 'company', 'April', 'obligations', '383,238 shares', 'Details', 'END', 'information', 'Tel', 'mail', 'professionals', 'consumers', 'Internet', 'Things', 'life', 'homes', 'buildings', 'sales', '32,000 employees', 'presence', '70 countries', 'IPO', 'companies', 'News', 'LinkedIn', 'Instagram', 'investors', 'Attachment', '31']",2024-05-13,2024-05-14,globenewswire.com
40800,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/VALERIO-THERAPEUTICS-17068163/news/Valerio-Therapeutics-Onxeo-Announces-the-Transfer-of-the-Listing-of-its-Shares-to-Euronext-Growth-46707892/,Valerio Therapeutics : Onxeo Announces the Transfer of the Listing of its Shares to Euronext Growth Paris on December 15  2020,(marketscreener.com)  Previous  Onxeo Announces the Transfer of the Listing of its Shares to Euronext Growth Paris on December 15  2020    Paris   December 10  2020 - 6 pm CET - Onxeo S.A.     a clinical-stage biotechnology company specializing in the …,"Paris (France)  December 10  2020 - 6 pm CET - Onxeo S.A. (ISIN: FR0010095596)  (""Onxeo"" or ""the Company"")  a clinical-stage biotechnology company specializing in the development of innovative drugs targeting tumor DNA Damage response (DDR)  in particular against rare or resistant cancers  announced the transfer of the listing of its shares from the Euronext Paris regulated market (compartment C) to the Euronext Growth Paris multilateral trading facility on December 15  2020.The application for the admission of Onxeo's shares to the Euronext Growth market in Paris was approved by the Euronext Admissions Committee on December 9  2020.As a reminder  Onxeo had announced on July 29  2010 its intention to transfer the listing of its shares to the Euronext Growth Paris multilateral trading facility. The transfer to Euronext Growth Paris is intended to enable Onxeo to be listed on a market more appropriate to the size of the company  to reduce the costs associated with listing  while enabling it to continue to benefit from the attractions of the financial markets.Onxeo will continue to provide accurate  precise and truthful information  making public any inside information concerning the company  in accordance with the European Regulation on Market Abuse (MAR Regulation).Final timetable for the transfer of listing marketThe company is supported in its project of transfer to Euronext Growth by Invest Securities as Listing Sponsor.Wednesday  December 9  2020 - Notification by Euronext of the decision to admit the securities to Euronext Growth Thursday  December 10  2020 - Distribution of a press release by the Company Friday  December 11  2020 - Posting of the Information Document on the websites of the Company and Euronext - Distribution of a Euronext market notice announcing the delisting of ordinary shares of Onxeo from Euronext Paris - Distribution of a Euronext market notice announcing the admission of ordinary shares of Onxeo to Euronext Growth Monday  December 14  2020 - Delisting of ordinary shares of Onxeo from Euronext Paris (post-market) Tuesday  December 15  2020 - Admission of ordinary shares of Onxeo to Euronext Growth (at opening)The ISIN code for identifying Onxeo securities remains unchanged (FR0010095596) and the mnemonic becomes ALONX.In addition  Onxeo shares remain eligible for PEAs and PEA-SMEs.The information document relating to the transfer of shares to Euronext Growth is available on the Company's website on December 11  2020.",neutral,0.05,0.94,0.01,positive,0.88,0.11,0.01,True,English,"['Euronext Growth Paris', 'Valerio Therapeutics', 'Onxeo', 'Transfer', 'Listing', 'Shares', 'December', 'Euronext Growth Paris multilateral trading facility', 'Euronext Paris regulated market', 'DNA Damage response', 'Euronext Admissions Committee', 'Euronext Growth market', 'Euronext market notice', 'Onxeo S.A.', 'clinical-stage biotechnology company', 'Market Abuse', 'innovative drugs', 'resistant cancers', 'compartment C', 'financial markets', 'accurate, precise', 'truthful information', 'inside information', 'European Regulation', 'MAR Regulation', 'Final timetable', 'press release', 'Information Document', 'listing market', 'ordinary shares', 'ISIN code', 'Listing Sponsor', 'Onxeo shares', 'Onxeo securities', 'France', 'December', 'CET', 'development', 'tumor', 'DDR', 'rare', 'transfer', 'application', 'reminder', 'July', 'intention', 'size', 'costs', 'attractions', 'accordance', 'project', 'Invest', 'Wednesday', 'Notification', 'decision', 'Distribution', 'Posting', 'websites', 'delisting', 'Tuesday', 'opening', 'mnemonic', 'ALONX', 'addition', 'PEAs', 'PEA-SMEs', '6']",2024-05-13,2024-05-14,marketscreener.com
40801,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/VALERIO-THERAPEUTICS-17068163/news/Valerio-Therapeutics-Onxeo-Receives-Notice-of-Allowance-from-USPTO-for-New-Patent-Strengthening-Pr-46709166/,Valerio Therapeutics : Onxeo Receives Notice of Allowance from USPTO for New Patent Strengthening Protection of AsiDNA™ via Systemic Administration in the United States,(marketscreener.com)  Previous  Onxeo Receives Notice of Allowance from USPTO for New Patent Strengthening Protection of AsiDNA™ via Systemic Administration in the United States    Paris   December 10  2020 - 6 pm CET - Onxeo S.A.     a clinical-stage …,"Paris (France)  December 10  2020 - 6 pm CET - Onxeo S.A. (ISIN: FR0010095596)  (""Onxeo"" or ""the Company"")  a clinical-stage biotechnology company specializing in the development of innovative drugs targeting tumor DNA Damage response (DDR)  in particular against rare or resistant cancers  announced the transfer of the listing of its shares from the Euronext Paris regulated market (compartment C) to the Euronext Growth Paris multilateral trading facility on December 15  2020.The application for the admission of Onxeo's shares to the Euronext Growth market in Paris was approved by the Euronext Admissions Committee on December 9  2020.As a reminder  Onxeo had announced on July 29  2010 its intention to transfer the listing of its shares to the Euronext Growth Paris multilateral trading facility. The transfer to Euronext Growth Paris is intended to enable Onxeo to be listed on a market more appropriate to the size of the company  to reduce the costs associated with listing  while enabling it to continue to benefit from the attractions of the financial markets.Onxeo will continue to provide accurate  precise and truthful information  making public any inside information concerning the company  in accordance with the European Regulation on Market Abuse (MAR Regulation).Final timetable for the transfer of listing marketThe company is supported in its project of transfer to Euronext Growth by Invest Securities as Listing Sponsor.Wednesday  December 9  2020 - Notification by Euronext of the decision to admit the securities to Euronext Growth Thursday  December 10  2020 - Distribution of a press release by the Company Friday  December 11  2020 - Posting of the Information Document on the websites of the Company and Euronext - Distribution of a Euronext market notice announcing the delisting of ordinary shares of Onxeo from Euronext Paris - Distribution of a Euronext market notice announcing the admission of ordinary shares of Onxeo to Euronext Growth Monday  December 14  2020 - Delisting of ordinary shares of Onxeo from Euronext Paris (post-market) Tuesday  December 15  2020 - Admission of ordinary shares of Onxeo to Euronext Growth (at opening)The ISIN code for identifying Onxeo securities remains unchanged (FR0010095596) and the mnemonic becomes ALONX.In addition  Onxeo shares remain eligible for PEAs and PEA-SMEs.The information document relating to the transfer of shares to Euronext Growth is available on the Company's website on December 11  2020.",neutral,0.03,0.96,0.01,positive,0.88,0.11,0.01,True,English,"['New Patent Strengthening Protection', 'Valerio Therapeutics', 'Systemic Administration', 'United States', 'Onxeo', 'Notice', 'Allowance', 'USPTO', 'AsiDNA™', 'Euronext Growth Paris multilateral trading facility', 'Euronext Paris regulated market', 'DNA Damage response', 'Euronext Admissions Committee', 'Euronext Growth market', 'Euronext market notice', 'Onxeo S.A.', 'clinical-stage biotechnology company', 'Market Abuse', 'innovative drugs', 'resistant cancers', 'compartment C', 'financial markets', 'accurate, precise', 'truthful information', 'inside information', 'European Regulation', 'MAR Regulation', 'Final timetable', 'press release', 'Information Document', 'listing market', 'ordinary shares', 'ISIN code', 'Listing Sponsor', 'Onxeo shares', 'Onxeo securities', 'France', 'December', 'CET', 'development', 'tumor', 'DDR', 'rare', 'transfer', 'application', 'reminder', 'July', 'intention', 'size', 'costs', 'attractions', 'accordance', 'project', 'Invest', 'Wednesday', 'Notification', 'decision', 'Distribution', 'Posting', 'websites', 'delisting', 'Tuesday', 'opening', 'mnemonic', 'ALONX', 'addition', 'PEAs', 'PEA-SMEs', '6']",2024-05-13,2024-05-14,marketscreener.com
40802,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/TITAN-CEMENT-INTERNATIONA-62465406/news/Titan-Cement-International-Share-Buyback-Programme-46708042/,Titan Cement International : Share Buyback Programme,(marketscreener.com)   Media Release   Regulatory Announcement   Share buyback programme   Brussels  13 May 2024  17:30 CEST - Titan Cement International SA announces that the Company purchased in total 12 000 shares of Titan Cement International S…,Media ReleaseRegulatory AnnouncementShare buyback programmeBrussels  13 May 2024  17:30 CEST - Titan Cement International SA (the Company) (Euronext Brussels  ATHEX and Euronext Paris  TITC) announces that the Company purchased in total 12 000 shares of Titan Cement International SA on Euronext Brussels and the Athens Stock Exchange in the period from May 6  2024  until May 10  2024. The programme is implemented in compliance with the applicable buyback rules and regulations.Date Number of Total amount Average Lowest price Highest Regulated shares (Eur) price (Eur) (Eur) price (Eur) market 6/5/2024 1 500 45 662.55 30.4417 29.90 30.65 Euronext 6/5/2024 - - - - - ΑΤΗΕΧ 7/5/2024 1 500 45 753.00 30.5020 30.35 30.80 Euronext 7/5/2024 - - - - - ΑΤΗΕΧ 8/5/2024 1 500 45 076.20 30.0508 29.55 30.60 Euronext 8/5/2024 1 500 44 843.60 29.8957 29.80 30.00 ΑΤΗΕΧ 9/5/2024 1 500 46 724.40 31.1496 31.70 31.80 Euronext 9/5/2024 1 500 46 396.50 30.9310 30.10 31.30 ΑΤΗΕΧ 10/5/2024 1 500 47 841.30 31.8942 32.05 33.10 Euronext 10/5/2024 1 500 47 570.70 31.7138 31.45 32.05 ΑΤΗΕΧ Total 12 000 369 868.25 30.8224Following the above transactions  Titan Cement International SA owns (directly or indirectly through its subsidiary Titan Cement Company SA) 3 679 387 shares  representing 4.70% of the voting rights of the Company.This press release may be consulted on the website of Titan Cement International SA via this link: https://ir.titan- cement.com/en/regulatory-stock-exchange-announcementsFor further information  please contact Investor Relations at +30 210 2591 257About Titan Cement International SATITAN Group is a leading international business in the building and infrastructure materials industry  with passionate teams committed to providing innovative solutions for a better world. With most of its activity in the developed markets  the Group employs over 6 000 people and operates in more than 25 countries  holding prominent positions in the US  Europe  including Greece  the Balkans  and the Eastern Mediterranean. The Group also has a joint venture in Brazil. With a 120-year history  TITAN has always fostered a family- and entrepreneurial-oriented culture for its employees and works tirelessly with its customers to meet the modern needs of society while promoting sustainable growth with responsibility and integrity. TITAN has set a net-zero goal for 2050 and has its CO₂ reduction targets validated by the Science Based Targets initiative (SBTi). The company is listed on Euronext and the Athens Exchange. For more information  visit our website at www.titan-cement.com.Page 1/1Page 1/1,neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,neutral,0.04,0.95,0.01,True,English,"['Titan Cement International', 'Share Buyback Programme', 'Average Lowest price Highest Regulated shares', 'Science Based Targets initiative', 'Media Release Regulatory Announcement', 'Titan Cement International SA', 'Titan Cement Company SA', 'leading international business', 'CO₂ reduction targets', 'applicable buyback rules', 'infrastructure materials industry', 'Share buyback programme', 'Athens Stock Exchange', 'titan- cement', 'press release', 'Athens Exchange', 'TITAN Group', 'Date Number', 'voting rights', 'Investor Relations', 'passionate teams', 'innovative solutions', 'developed markets', 'prominent positions', 'Eastern Mediterranean', 'joint venture', '120-year history', 'entrepreneurial-oriented culture', 'modern needs', 'sustainable growth', 'net-zero goal', 'The Group', 'Euronext Paris', 'Total amount', 'Euronext Brussels', '12,000 shares', '3,679,387 shares', '80 Euronext', 'ΑΤΗΕΧ Total', 'May', 'CEST', 'ATHEX', 'TITC', 'period', 'compliance', 'regulations', 'transactions', 'subsidiary', 'website', 'link', 'regulatory-stock-exchange-announcements', 'information', 'building', 'world', 'activity', '6,000 people', '25 countries', 'Europe', 'Greece', 'Balkans', 'Brazil', 'employees', 'customers', 'society', 'responsibility', 'integrity', 'SBTi', 'titan-cement', 'Page', '17', '30']",2024-05-13,2024-05-14,marketscreener.com
40803,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://financialpost.com/globe-newswire/nyxoah-to-release-first-quarter-2024-financial-results-on-may-14-2024,Nyxoah to Release First Quarter 2024 Financial Results on May 14  2024,Nyxoah to Release First Quarter 2024 Financial Results on May 14  2024 Mont-Saint-Guibert  Belgium – May 13  2024  10:30pm CET / 4:30pm ET – Nyxoah SA (Euronext Brussels/Nasdaq: NYXH) (“Nyxoah” or the “Company”)  a medical technology company focused on the de…,Nyxoah to Release First Quarter 2024 Financial Results on May 14  2024 Mont-Saint-Guibert  Belgium – May 13  2024  10:30pm CET / 4:30pm ET – Nyxoah SA (Euronext Brussels/Nasdaq: NYXH) (“Nyxoah” or the “Company”)  a medical technology company focused on the de…,neutral,0.05,0.94,0.01,neutral,0.05,0.94,0.01,True,English,"['First Quarter 2024 Financial Results', 'Nyxoah', 'May', 'First Quarter 2024 Financial Results', 'medical technology company', 'Euronext Brussels/Nasdaq', '10:30pm CET', 'Nyxoah SA', '4:30pm', 'May', 'Mont-Saint-Guibert', 'Belgium', 'NYXH']",2024-05-13,2024-05-14,financialpost.com
40804,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/REFUELS-N-V-154457286/news/Certain-Ordinary-Shares-of-ReFuels-N-V-are-subject-to-a-Lock-Up-Agreement-Ending-on-13-MAY-2024-46701751/,Certain Ordinary Shares of ReFuels N.V. are subject to a Lock-Up Agreement Ending on 13-MAY-2024.,(marketscreener.com) Certain Ordinary Shares of ReFuels N.V. are subject to a Lock-Up Agreement Ending on 13-MAY-2024. These Ordinary Shares will be under lockup for 383 days starting from 26-APR-2023 to 13-MAY-2024.Details:The Board Members and the member…,Certain Ordinary Shares of ReFuels N.V. are subject to a Lock-Up Agreement Ending on 13-MAY-2024.May 12  2024 ShareCertain Ordinary Shares of ReFuels N.V. are subject to a Lock-Up Agreement Ending on 13-MAY-2024. These Ordinary Shares will be under lockup for 383 days starting from 26-APR-2023 to 13-MAY-2024.Details:The Board Members and the members of the Management  as well as material shareholders with more than a 5% shareholding in the capital of the Company  are subject to customary lock-up undertakings for any Shares held in the Company  which restrict  subject to certain exemptions  their ability to  without the prior written consent of the Euronext Growth Advisors  issue  sell or dispose of any Shares during the period from the entering of the lock-up agreements and until (and including) the date falling 12 months after the first day of trading on Euronext Growth Oslo.,neutral,0.0,0.99,0.01,neutral,0.02,0.94,0.05,True,English,"['Certain Ordinary Shares', 'ReFuels N.V.', 'Lock-Up Agreement', '13-MAY', 'ReFuels N.V.', 'prior written consent', 'Euronext Growth Advisors', 'Euronext Growth Oslo', 'customary lock-up undertakings', 'The Board Members', 'Certain Ordinary Shares', 'Lock-Up Agreement', 'material shareholders', 'a 5% shareholding', 'first day', '13-MAY', 'lockup', '383 days', '26-APR', 'Details', 'Management', 'capital', 'Company', 'exemptions', 'ability', 'period', 'entering', 'date']",2024-05-13,2024-05-14,marketscreener.com
40805,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2024/05/13/2880529/0/en/Replacement-of-OBX-Index-and-OBX-Index-Future.html,Replacement of OBX Index and OBX Index Future,Nordea Bank Abp is aiming to replace the underlying asset OBX Index and OBX Index Future with O20 Index Future for all instruments issued under its Warrants & Certificates program which currently are referencing OBX Index and OBX Index Future for Bull & Bear …,Nordea Bank Abp is aiming to replace the underlying asset OBX Index and OBX Index Future with O20 Index Future for all instruments issued under its Warrants & Certificates program which currently are referencing OBX Index and OBX Index Future for Bull & Bear Certificates and Mini FuturesThe upcoming replacement is a result of the Euronext acquisition of Oslo Børs and Oslo Børs full migration to Euronext. Nordea are currently not able to trade and settle the OBX Index Future on Euronext in its own name. With high implementation costs and increased running costs due to more advanced operational handling and considering the fact that the OBX Index Future is less liquid than the O20 Index Future  Nordea find it beneficial for the holders of the relevant instruments to replace the OBX Index and OBX Index Future with the O20 Index Future.Both indices are tracking the Norwegian stock market and can easily function as substitutes to each other due to their relative small differences in composition and index weights  with a result of strong correlation between the indices. Keeping the OBX Index and/or OBX Index Future would have necessitated significantly increased fees in the instruments due to Nordea’s increased costs of hedging. By switching to the O20 Index future  this can however be avoided.The replacement is planned to go into effect on the 3rd of June  which implies that the 31st of May will be the last trading day with the OBX Index / OBX Index Future as underlying asset. Customers will be able to sell back their positions as normal during this time  and from the 3rd of June customers will also be able to increase their positions in the instruments.Current underlying: OBX TR Index / OBX TR Index FutureNew underlying: OMX Oslo 20 GI Index FutureNaming: “OBX” will be replaced with “OMX OSLO 20” in all instrument names.Affected Instruments can be found in the PDFAttachment,neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,positive,0.62,0.35,0.03,True,English,"['OBX Index Future', 'Replacement', 'OMX Oslo 20 GI Index Future Naming', 'OBX TR Index Future', 'underlying asset OBX Index', 'Oslo Børs', 'O20 Index Future', 'OBX Index Future', 'advanced operational handling', 'Norwegian stock market', 'relative small differences', 'last trading day', 'high implementation costs', 'Nordea Bank Abp', 'index weights', 'Current underlying', 'New underlying', 'Certificates program', 'Bear Certificates', 'Mini Futures', 'full migration', 'running costs', 'strong correlation', 'instrument names', 'PDF Attachment', 'upcoming replacement', 'relevant instruments', 'Affected Instruments', 'Euronext acquisition', 'Warrants', 'Bull', 'result', 'fact', 'holders', 'indices', 'substitutes', 'composition', 'fees', 'hedging', 'effect', '3rd', 'June', '31st', 'May', 'Customers', 'positions', 'time']",2024-05-13,2024-05-14,globenewswire.com
40806,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/GROUPE-BRUXELLES-LAMBERT--5953/news/Groupe-Bruxelles-Lambert-Transactions-on-GBL-shares-from-May-6-2024-until-May-10-2024-included-46708030/,Groupe Bruxelles Lambert : Transactions on GBL shares from May 6  2024 until May 10  2024 (included),(marketscreener.com)   May 13  2024 - After 5:45pm CET   Regulated information   Delivering meaningful growth   Transactions on GBL Shares   Disclosure of transaction on GBL shares from May 6  2024 until May 10  2024    Implementation of the …,May 13  2024 - After 5:45pm CETRegulated informationDelivering meaningful growthTransactions on GBL SharesDisclosure of transaction on GBL shares from May 6  2024 until May 10  2024 (included)Implementation of the authorization of the Extraordinary General Shareholders' Meeting of April 28  2020PurchasesGBL  directly and through its subsidiaries  acquired during the period from May 6  2024 until May 10  2024 included  as part of:The liquidity agreement: 40 750 GBL sharesNumber of Average Lowest Highest Amount Trade date price price Negotiation method / market shares price (EUR) (EUR) (EUR) (EUR) 05/06/2024 4 500 71.13 70.85 71.65 320 063 Stock Exchange Euronext 05/07/2024 18 750 71.65 71.30 71.85 1 343 385 Stock Exchange Euronext 05/08/2024 17 500 72.03 71.50 72.30 1 260 578 Stock Exchange Euronext Total 40 750 71.76 2 924 026SalesGBL  directly and through its subsidiaries  sold during the period from May 6  2024 until May 10  2024 included  as part of:The liquidity agreement: 45 250 GBL sharesNumber of Average Lowest Highest Amount Trade date price price Negotiation method / market shares price (EUR) (EUR) (EUR) (EUR) 05/06/2024 8 750 71.25 70.85 71.65 623 395 Stock Exchange Euronext 05/07/2024 18 750 71.52 71.30 71.85 1 340 908 Stock Exchange Euronext 05/08/2024 17 750 71.95 71.50 72.30 1 277 127 Stock Exchange Euronext Total 45 250 71.63 3 241 430Regulated information of May 13  2024 // Page 1 / 2 // For more information: www.gbl.com,neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,positive,0.77,0.22,0.01,True,English,"['Groupe Bruxelles Lambert', 'GBL shares', 'Transactions', 'May', 'Average Lowest Highest Amount Trade date price price', ""Extraordinary General Shareholders' Meeting"", 'market shares price', 'meaningful growth Transactions', 'Stock Exchange Euronext', 'liquidity agreement', 'Negotiation method', 'GBL Shares', 'Regulated information', 'May', '5:45pm', 'Disclosure', 'Implementation', 'authorization', 'April', 'Purchases', 'subsidiaries', 'period', 'part', 'The', 'Number', 'Sales', 'Page']",2024-05-13,2024-05-14,marketscreener.com
40807,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2024/05/13/2880705/0/en/ARGAN-S-P-strengthened-ARGAN-s-Investment-Grade-status-with-a-Stable-outlook-for-its-BBB-rating.html,ARGAN: S&P strengthened ARGAN’s “Investment Grade” status with a “Stable” outlook for its “BBB-” rating,Press release – Neuilly-sur-Seine  Monday  May 13  2024 – 5.45 pm     S&P strengthened ARGAN’s “Investment Grade” status with a “Stable” outlook...,Press release – Neuilly-sur-Seine  Monday  May 13  2024 – 5.45 pmS&P strengthened ARGAN’s “Investment Grade” status with a “Stable” outlook for its “BBB-” ratingARGAN  the only French real estate company specializing in the DEVELOPMENT & RENTAL OF PREMIUM WAREHOUSES listed on EURONEXT and leading player of its market  announced that the outlook on its “BBB-” long-term issuer credit rating was raised to “Stable” by S&P Global Ratings.S&P Global Ratings raised the outlook on ARGAN’s “BBB-” from “Negative” to “Stable”. This credit rating update comes after ARGAN successfully led a capital increase in the amount of €150 million1  which was launched and finalized on April 23  as part a move to strengthen our development and debt reduction plan.In its report  S&P Global Ratings stressed more particularly:the faster than previously anticipated improvement in debt ratios by the end of 2024  which ARGAN targets to bring to 44 % regarding its LTV 2 ratio and to 9.5x for its net debt to EBITDA;ratio and to 9.5x for its net debt to EBITDA; an adequate liquidity position  with no refinancing needs for the years 2024 and 2025; anda portfolio of premium assets that generate stable and predictable cash flows  in a supportive French logistics real estate sector.More generally  this upgrade testifies to the adequacy of the Group’s strategy for mastered growth and strong debt reduction as well as increased trust from financial markets in ARGAN’s name  reinforced by steady and transparent financial communication.The rating is available on the website of S&P Global Ratings (www.standardandpoors.com).2024 financial calendar (Publication of the press release after closing of the stock exchange)July 1: Net sales of 2 nd quarter 2024quarter 2024 July 24: Half-year results 2024October 1: Net sales of 3rd quarter 20242025 financial calendar (Publication of the press release after closing of the stock exchange)January 3: Net sales of 4 th quarter 2024quarter 2024 January 16: Annual results 2024March 20: General Assembly 2025About ARGANARGAN is the only French real estate company specializing in the DEVELOPMENT & RENTAL OF PREMIUM WAREHOUSES listed on EURONEXT and is the leading player of its market. Building on a unique client-tenant-centric approach  ARGAN builds pre-let PREMIUM warehouses for blue-chip clients and supports them throughout all project phases from the development milestones to the rental management.Profitability  tight control over our debt and sustainability are at the heart of ARGAN’s DNA. Its strongly proactive ESG policy has very concrete results with our Aut0nom® concept  the “in-use” Net Zero warehouse.As of today  our portfolio represents 3.6 million sq.m  across about a hundred warehouses  exclusively located in the continental part of France. This portfolio is valued €3.7 billion as at December 31  2023 for a yearly rental income of about €200 million in 2024.ARGAN is a listed real estate investment company (French SIIC)  on Compartment A of Euronext Paris (ISIN FR0010481960 - ARG) and is included in the Euronext SBF 120  CAC All-Share  EPRA Europe and IEIF SIIC France indices.www.argan.frFrancis Albertinelli – CFOAymar de Germay – General SecretarySamy Bensaid – Head of Investor RelationsPhone: +33 1 47 47 47 40E-mail: contact@argan.frwww.argan.frMarlène Brisset – Media relationsPhone: +33 6 59 42 29 35E-mail: argan@citigatedewerogerson.com1 For more information  readers are referred to press releases published on April 23 and April 24  2024  under the “Capital increase” section of the regulated information available on argan.fr.2 LTV EPRA (excluding duties)  assuming a cap. rate of 5.25% excluding duties.Attachment,neutral,0.06,0.93,0.01,positive,0.74,0.21,0.05,True,English,"['Investment Grade” status', 'S&P', 'Stable” outlook', 'BBB-” rating', 'ARGAN', 'supportive French logistics real estate sector', 'BBB-” long-term issuer credit rating', 'French real estate company', 'real estate investment company', 'S&P Global Ratings', 'IEIF SIIC France indices', 'credit rating update', 'Investment Grade” status', 'adequate liquidity position', 'predictable cash flows', 'unique client-tenant-centric approach', 'proactive ESG policy', 'Aymar de Germay', 'Marlène Brisset', 'transparent financial communication', 'debt reduction plan', 'strong debt reduction', 'Net Zero warehouse', 'yearly rental income', 'French SIIC', 'BBB-” rating', 'net debt', 'financial markets', '2024 financial calendar', '2025 financial calendar', 'debt ratios', 'Net sales', 'Press release', 'PREMIUM WAREHOUSES', 'leading player', 'capital increase', 'refinancing needs', 'premium assets', 'stock exchange', 'Half-year results', 'Annual results', 'General Assembly', 'blue-chip clients', 'project phases', 'tight control', 'concrete results', 'Aut0nom® concept', '3.6 million sq', 'hundred warehouses', 'EPRA Europe', 'Francis Albertinelli', 'General Secretary', 'Samy Bensaid', 'Investor Relations', 'Media relations', '2 LTV EPRA', 'rental management', '2 nd quarter', '3rd quarter', '4 th quarter', 'LTV 2 ratio', 'continental part', 'Euronext Paris', 'Euronext SBF', 'regulated information', 'development milestones', 'Stable” outlook', 'argan.fr', 'Monday', 'Negative', 'amount', 'April', 'move', 'report', 'improvement', 'EBITDA', 'years', 'portfolio', 'upgrade', 'adequacy', 'Group', 'strategy', 'growth', 'trust', 'name', 'steady', 'website', 'standardandpoors', 'Publication', 'closing', 'July', 'October', 'January', 'March', 'Profitability', 'sustainability', 'heart', 'DNA', 'today', 'December 31', 'Compartment', 'ISIN', 'CAC', 'CFO', 'Head', 'Phone', 'mail', 'citigatedewerogerson', 'readers', 'section', 'duties', 'Attachment', '5.45']",2024-05-13,2024-05-14,globenewswire.com
40808,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/VAN-DE-VELDE-NV-6022/news/Van-de-Velde-Acquisition-of-treasury-shares-46708293/,Van de Velde : Acquisition of treasury shares,(marketscreener.com)   13.05.2024 - 18h00 Regulated information   Acquisition of treasury shares   In order to reduce the excess cash of the company the Board of Directors of Van de Velde NV proceeded with the purchase of shares on the market of Euron…,13.05.2024 - 18h00 Regulated informationAcquisition of treasury sharesIn order to reduce the excess cash of the company the Board of Directors of Van de Velde NV proceeded with the purchase of shares on the market of Euronext Brussels. The following treasury shares have been acquired during the period of 2 May 2024 until and including 10 May 2024:Transaction Date Number of shares Average price Minimum price Maximum price (€/share) (€/share) (€/share) 02/05/2024 1.300 32 80 32 55 32 95 03/05/2024 1.400 32 57 32 55 32 60 06/05/2024 1.299 32 72 32 65 32 80 07/05/2024 1.300 32 70 32 65 32 75 08/05/2024 - 0 00 0 00 0 00 09/05/2024 1.200 33 25 33 10 33 40 10/05/2024 889 33 05 33 00 33 10Total number of shares = 7.388. Average price = 32 83 €/share. Total amount = 242.534 35 €.The authorization to acquire own shares was granted to the Board of Directors on 27 April 2022 during the extraordinary meeting of shareholders.On 10 May 2024  312.801 own shares are held by Van de Velde NV  including the 11.000 shares that were already purchased in the context of a stock option plan. This represents 2 4 per cent of the total number of shares of Van de Velde NV.Van de Velde creates fashionable lingerie of superior quality with its premium  complementary brands PrimaDonna  Marie Jo and Andres Sarda. 'We ignite the power in women': Van de Velde believes in the power of people  and the power 'in' women in particular. Our purpose is to enhance the self-confidence of women through fashionable lingerie and in-store service.We work in close partnership with 3.600 independent lingerie boutiques worldwide. In addition  we have our own retail network with retail brands Rigby & Peller and Lincherie. Our geographical center of gravity is Europe and North America. Van de Velde employs almost 1.500 employees and is listed on Euronext Brussels.CONTACTSFor more information  contact:Van de Velde NV - Lageweg 4 - 9260 Schellebelle - +32 (0)9 365 21 00 - www.vandevelde.euKarel Verlinde CommV always represented by Karel VerlindeChief Executive OfficerVan de Velde NV - Lageweg 4 - 9260 Schellebelle - Belgium - T. +32 9 365 21 00 - www.vandevelde.eu - info@vandevelde.eu,neutral,0.01,0.98,0.01,neutral,0.03,0.96,0.02,True,English,"['Van de Velde', 'treasury shares', 'Acquisition', 'Chief Executive Officer Van de Velde NV', 'Average price Minimum price', 'stock option plan', 'premium, complementary brands', '3.600 independent lingerie boutiques', 'Karel Verlinde CommV', 'following treasury shares', 'Maximum price', 'retail brands', 'fashionable lingerie', 'excess cash', 'Euronext Brussels', 'Transaction Date', 'Total amount', 'extraordinary meeting', '2,4 per cent', 'superior quality', 'Marie Jo', 'Andres Sarda', 'store service', 'close partnership', 'retail network', 'geographical center', 'North America', 'Total number', 'Regulated information', '11.000 shares', 'Acquisition', 'order', 'company', 'Board', 'Directors', 'purchase', 'market', 'period', '2 May', '10 May', 'authorization', '27 April', 'shareholders', 'context', 'PrimaDonna', 'power', 'women', 'people', 'purpose', 'self-confidence', 'addition', 'Rigby', 'Peller', 'Lincherie', 'gravity', 'Europe', '1.500 employees', 'CONTACTS', 'Lageweg', '9260 Schellebelle', 'vandevelde', 'Belgium', 'T.', '312.801', '32']",2024-05-13,2024-05-14,marketscreener.com
40809,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/ARGAN-53235/news/ARGAN-S-P-strengthened-ARGAN-s-Investment-Grade-status-with-a-Stable-outlook-for-its-46707998/,ARGAN: S&P strengthened ARGAN's “Investment Grade” status with a “Stable” outlook for its “BBB-” rating,(marketscreener.com) Press release – Neuilly-sur-Seine  Monday  May 13  2024 – 5.45 pm S&P strengthened ARGAN’s “Investment Grade” status with a “Stable” outlook for its “BBB-” rating ARGAN  the only French real estate company specializing in the DEVELOPMENT …,Press release – Neuilly-sur-Seine  Monday  May 13  2024 – 5.45 pmS&P strengthened ARGAN’s “Investment Grade” status with a “Stable” outlook for its “BBB-” ratingARGAN  the only French real estate company specializing in the DEVELOPMENT & RENTAL OF PREMIUM WAREHOUSES listed on EURONEXT and leading player of its market  announced that the outlook on its “BBB-” long-term issuer credit rating was raised to “Stable” by S&P Global Ratings.S&P Global Ratings raised the outlook on ARGAN’s “BBB-” from “Negative” to “Stable”. This credit rating update comes after ARGAN successfully led a capital increase in the amount of €150 million1  which was launched and finalized on April 23  as part a move to strengthen our development and debt reduction plan.In its report  S&P Global Ratings stressed more particularly:the faster than previously anticipated improvement in debt ratios by the end of 2024  which ARGAN targets to bring to 44 % regarding its LTV 2 ratio and to 9.5x for its net debt to EBITDA;ratio and to 9.5x for its net debt to EBITDA; an adequate liquidity position  with no refinancing needs for the years 2024 and 2025; anda portfolio of premium assets that generate stable and predictable cash flows  in a supportive French logistics real estate sector.More generally  this upgrade testifies to the adequacy of the Group’s strategy for mastered growth and strong debt reduction as well as increased trust from financial markets in ARGAN’s name  reinforced by steady and transparent financial communication.The rating is available on the website of S&P Global Ratings (www.standardandpoors.com).2024 financial calendar (Publication of the press release after closing of the stock exchange)July 1: Net sales of 2 nd quarter 2024quarter 2024 July 24: Half-year results 2024October 1: Net sales of 3rd quarter 20242025 financial calendar (Publication of the press release after closing of the stock exchange)January 3: Net sales of 4 th quarter 2024quarter 2024 January 16: Annual results 2024March 20: General Assembly 2025About ARGANARGAN is the only French real estate company specializing in the DEVELOPMENT & RENTAL OF PREMIUM WAREHOUSES listed on EURONEXT and is the leading player of its market. Building on a unique client-tenant-centric approach  ARGAN builds pre-let PREMIUM warehouses for blue-chip clients and supports them throughout all project phases from the development milestones to the rental management.Profitability  tight control over our debt and sustainability are at the heart of ARGAN’s DNA. Its strongly proactive ESG policy has very concrete results with our Aut0nom® concept  the “in-use” Net Zero warehouse.As of today  our portfolio represents 3.6 million sq.m  across about a hundred warehouses  exclusively located in the continental part of France. This portfolio is valued €3.7 billion as at December 31  2023 for a yearly rental income of about €200 million in 2024.ARGAN is a listed real estate investment company (French SIIC)  on Compartment A of Euronext Paris (ISIN FR0010481960 - ARG) and is included in the Euronext SBF 120  CAC All-Share  EPRA Europe and IEIF SIIC France indices.www.argan.frFrancis Albertinelli – CFOAymar de Germay – General SecretarySamy Bensaid – Head of Investor RelationsPhone: +33 1 47 47 47 40E-mail: contact@argan.frwww.argan.frMarlène Brisset – Media relationsPhone: +33 6 59 42 29 35E-mail: argan@citigatedewerogerson.com1 For more information  readers are referred to press releases published on April 23 and April 24  2024  under the “Capital increase” section of the regulated information available on argan.fr.2 LTV EPRA (excluding duties)  assuming a cap. rate of 5.25% excluding duties.Attachment,neutral,0.04,0.95,0.01,positive,0.74,0.21,0.05,True,English,"['Investment Grade” status', 'S&P', 'Stable” outlook', 'BBB-” rating', 'ARGAN', 'supportive French logistics real estate sector', 'BBB-” long-term issuer credit rating', 'French real estate company', 'real estate investment company', 'S&P Global Ratings', 'IEIF SIIC France indices', 'credit rating update', 'Investment Grade” status', 'adequate liquidity position', 'predictable cash flows', 'unique client-tenant-centric approach', 'proactive ESG policy', 'Aymar de Germay', 'Marlène Brisset', 'transparent financial communication', 'debt reduction plan', 'strong debt reduction', 'Net Zero warehouse', 'yearly rental income', 'French SIIC', 'BBB-” rating', 'net debt', 'financial markets', '2024 financial calendar', '2025 financial calendar', 'debt ratios', 'Net sales', 'Press release', 'PREMIUM WAREHOUSES', 'leading player', 'capital increase', 'refinancing needs', 'premium assets', 'stock exchange', 'Half-year results', 'Annual results', 'General Assembly', 'blue-chip clients', 'project phases', 'tight control', 'concrete results', 'Aut0nom® concept', '3.6 million sq', 'hundred warehouses', 'EPRA Europe', 'Francis Albertinelli', 'General Secretary', 'Samy Bensaid', 'Investor Relations', 'Media relations', '2 LTV EPRA', 'rental management', '2 nd quarter', '3rd quarter', '4 th quarter', 'LTV 2 ratio', 'continental part', 'Euronext Paris', 'Euronext SBF', 'regulated information', 'development milestones', 'Stable” outlook', 'argan.fr', 'Monday', 'Negative', 'amount', 'April', 'move', 'report', 'improvement', 'EBITDA', 'years', 'portfolio', 'upgrade', 'adequacy', 'Group', 'strategy', 'growth', 'trust', 'name', 'steady', 'website', 'standardandpoors', 'Publication', 'closing', 'July', 'October', 'January', 'March', 'Profitability', 'sustainability', 'heart', 'DNA', 'today', 'December 31', 'Compartment', 'ISIN', 'CAC', 'CFO', 'Head', 'Phone', 'mail', 'citigatedewerogerson', 'readers', 'section', 'duties', 'Attachment', '5.45']",2024-05-13,2024-05-14,marketscreener.com
40810,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/CAIRN-HOMES-PLC-22428998/news/Cairn-Homes-Plc-Transaction-in-Own-Shares-46702476/,Cairn Homes Plc: Transaction in Own Shares,(marketscreener.com) Cairn Homes Plc Cairn Homes Plc: Transaction in Own Shares 13-May-2024 / 07:00 GMT/BST13 May 2024 Cairn Homes plc Transaction in own shares  The Company announces that on 10th of May 2024 it purchased…,"13 May 2024Cairn Homes plc (the “Company”)Transaction in own sharesThe Company announces that on 10th of May 2024 it purchased a total of 100 000 of its ordinary shares of EUR 0.001 each (the ""ordinary shares"") on Euronext Dublin and the London Stock Exchange through the Company's broker Goodbody Stockbrokers UC (“Goodbody”)  as detailed below. The repurchased shares will be cancelled.Euronext Dublin London Stock Exchange Number of ordinary shares purchased 65 000 35 000 Highest price paid (per ordinary share) €1.6900 £1.4600 Lowest price paid (per ordinary share) €1.6720 £1.4380 Volume weighted average price paid (per ordinary share) €1.6844 £1.4538The purchases form part of the Company’s share buyback programme announced on 3 March 2023.Following settlement and cancellation of the above purchases  the Company's total number of ordinary shares in issue shall be 646 815 027 ordinary shares  each carrying the right to one vote. The Company holds nil ordinary shares in treasury.In accordance with Article 5(1)(b) of Regulation (EU) No 596/2014 (the Market Abuse Regulation)  the detailed breakdown of individual trades made by Goodbody on behalf of the Company as part of the share buyback programme is set out below.Contacts:Cairn Homes plc +353 1 696 4600Tara Grimley  Company SecretaryAppendixTransaction DetailsIssuer Name Cairn Homes plc LEI 635400DPX6WP2KKDOA83 ISIN IE00BWY4ZF18 Intermediary Name Goodbody Stockbrokers UC Intermediary Code GDBSIE21XXX Timezone BST Currency EUR & GBPEuronext DublinNumber of Shares Price per Share (EUR) Trading venue Time of transaction Transaction Reference Number 4 837 1.6740 XDUB 08:30:34 00028885950TRDU1 579 1.6720 XDUB 09:14:03 00028886225TRDU1 1 732 1.6720 XDUB 09:14:03 00028886226TRDU1 2 099 1.6720 XDUB 09:14:03 00028886227TRDU1 2 247 1.6720 XDUB 09:23:15 00028886297TRDU1 927 1.6900 XDUB 10:24:49 00028886612TRDU1 1 122 1.6900 XDUB 10:24:49 00028886613TRDU1 122 1.6900 XDUB 10:24:49 00028886614TRDU1 2 394 1.6900 XDUB 10:47:27 00028886672TRDU1 3 858 1.6900 XDUB 11:25:56 00028886812TRDU1 265 1.6900 XDUB 14:25:29 00028887472TRDU1 4 488 1.6900 XDUB 14:25:29 00028887473TRDU1 54 1.6820 XDUB 14:37:00 00028887663TRDU1 1 548 1.6820 XDUB 14:37:16 00028887672TRDU1 2 361 1.6820 XDUB 14:48:40 00028887858TRDU1 212 1.6820 XDUB 14:48:40 00028887859TRDU1 2 159 1.6900 XDUB 14:59:02 00028887956TRDU1 4 609 1.6900 XDUB 15:00:17 00028887986TRDU1 4 991 1.6900 XDUB 15:37:44 00028888168TRDU1 400 1.6840 XDUB 15:49:10 00028888213TRDU1 284 1.6840 XDUB 15:49:10 00028888214TRDU1 1 474 1.6840 XDUB 16:02:20 00028888294TRDU1 227 1.6840 XDUB 16:02:20 00028888295TRDU1 926 1.6840 XDUB 16:15:29 00028888341TRDU1 2 354 1.6840 XDUB 16:15:29 00028888342TRDU1 2 507 1.6840 XDUB 16:15:29 00028888343TRDU1 1 215 1.6840 XDUB 16:15:29 00028888344TRDU1 2 261 1.6840 XDUB 16:15:29 00028888345TRDU1 2 507 1.6840 XDUB 16:15:29 00028888346TRDU1 2 507 1.6840 XDUB 16:15:29 00028888347TRDU1 1 667 1.6840 XDUB 16:15:29 00028888348TRDU1 1 479 1.6840 XDUB 16:16:30 00028888352TRDU1 751 1.6840 XDUB 16:17:09 00028888362TRDU1 3 837 1.6880 XDUB 16:27:25 00028888444TRDU1London Stock Exchange",neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,negative,0.01,0.34,0.64,True,English,"['Cairn Homes Plc', 'Own Shares', 'Transaction', 'LEI 635400DPX6WP2KKDOA83 ISIN IE00BWY4ZF18 Intermediary Name Goodbody Stockbrokers UC Intermediary Code GDBSIE21XXX Timezone BST Currency EUR', 'Euronext Dublin London Stock Exchange Number', 'Volume weighted average price', 'Issuer Name', 'Trading venue Time', 'Cairn Homes plc', 'share buyback programme', 'Market Abuse Regulation', 'Transaction Reference Number', 'nil ordinary shares', 'Highest price', 'Lowest price', 'total number', 'Shares Price', '646,815,027 ordinary shares', 'one vote', 'EU) No', 'detailed breakdown', 'individual trades', 'Tara Grimley', 'Transaction Details', 'The Company', 'Company Secretary', 'May', '10th', 'purchases', 'part', '3 March', 'settlement', 'cancellation', 'right', 'treasury', 'accordance', 'Article', 'behalf', 'Contacts', 'Appendix', 'GBP', 'XDUB', '00028885950TRDU1', '00028886225TRDU1', '00028886226TRDU1', '00028886227TRDU1', '00028886297TRDU1', '00028886612TRDU1', '00028886613TRDU1', '00028886614TRDU1', '00028886672TRDU1', '00028886812TRDU1', '00028887472TRDU1', '00028887473TRDU1', '00028887663TRDU1', '00028887672TRDU1', '00028887858TRDU1', '00028887859TRDU1', '00028887956TRDU1', '00028887986TRDU1', '00028888168TRDU1', '00028888213TRDU1', '00028888214TRDU1', '00028888294TRDU1', '00028888295TRDU1', '00028888341TRDU1', '00028888342TRDU1', '00028888343TRDU1', '00028888344TRDU1', '00028888345TRDU1', '00028888346TRDU1', '00028888347TRDU1', '00028888348TRDU1', '00028888352TRDU1', '00028888362TRDU1', '00028888444TRDU1']",2024-05-13,2024-05-14,marketscreener.com
40811,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/SOFINA-SA-5960/news/Sofina-Transactions-on-own-shares-13-05-2024-46708046/,Sofina : Transactions on own shares – 13/05/2024,(marketscreener.com)   PRESS RELEASE   In the framework of the liquidity agreement entered into between Sofina and Kepler Cheuvreux on 11 April 2024  Kepler Cheuvreux carried out on behalf of Sofina the following transactions on Euronext Brussels during …,PRESS RELEASEIn the framework of the liquidity agreement entered into between Sofina and Kepler Cheuvreux on 11 April 2024  Kepler Cheuvreux carried out on behalf of Sofina the following transactions on Euronext Brussels during the period from 6 May 2024 to 10 May 2024:Buybacks of own sharesPURCHASE DATE NUMBER OF SHARES AVERAGE PRICE MAXIMUM PRICE MINIMUM PRICE TOTAL (EUR) (EUR) (EUR) (EUR) 06/05/2024 1 100 223.33 223.60 223.00 245 663.00 07/05/2024 1 288 224.81 225.40 224.00 289 555.28 08/05/2024 3 137 223.46 226.00 220.40 700 994.02 09/05/2024 2 100 220.83 221.60 220.00 463 743.00 10/05/2024 1 793 221.16 223.00 219.20 396 539.88 TOTAL 9 418 222.61 226.00 219.20 2 096 495.18Disposals of own sharesDISPOSAL DATE NUMBER OF SHARES AVERAGE PRICE MAXIMUM PRICE MINIMUM PRICE TOTAL (EUR) (EUR) (EUR) (EUR) 06/05/2024 1 300 223.65 224.40 223.20 290 745.00 07/05/2024 1 700 225.19 226.00 224.80 382 823.00 08/05/2024 1 800 224.70 226.60 221.60 404 460.00 09/05/2024 1 200 221.27 222.20 220.40 265 524.00 10/05/2024 2 342 221.88 223.60 220.00 519 642.96 TOTAL 8 342 223.35 226.60 220.00 1 863 194.96Sofina holds 1 041 507 own shares on 10 May 2024 after closing of the market  of which 8 079 shares under the liquidity agreement.SOFINA SA | Rue de l'Industrie  31 - 1040 Brussels | RLE Brussels: 0403.219.397Listed on Euronext Brussels (ISIN BE0003717312) | www.sofinagroup.com,neutral,0.01,0.98,0.01,neutral,0.02,0.96,0.01,True,English,"['Sofina', 'Transactions', 'shares', 'SHARES AVERAGE PRICE MAXIMUM PRICE MINIMUM PRICE TOTAL', 'PURCHASE DATE NUMBER', 'DISPOSAL DATE NUMBER', 'PRESS RELEASE', 'liquidity agreement', 'Kepler Cheuvreux', 'Rue de', 'Euronext Brussels', 'RLE Brussels', 'SOFINA SA', '8,079 shares', '1040 Brussels', 'framework', '11 April', 'behalf', 'transactions', 'period', '6 May', '10 May', 'Buybacks', 'Disposals', 'closing', 'market', 'Industrie', 'ISIN', 'sofinagroup', '1,041,507']",2024-05-13,2024-05-14,marketscreener.com
40812,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/TAMBURI-INVESTMENT-PARTNE-165255/news/Tamburi-Investment-Partners-S-p-A-Company-by-laws-is-available-46708864/,Tamburi Investment Partners S p A : Company by-laws is available,(marketscreener.com)   PRESS RELEASE   Tamburi Investment Partners S.p.A.   independent and diversified industrial group listed on the Euronext STAR Milan segment of Borsa Italiana S.p.A. which invests in several excellent entrepreneurial companies  anno…,"PRESS RELEASETamburi Investment Partners S.p.A. (""TIP"" - tip.mi)  independent and diversified industrial group listed on the Euronext STAR Milan segment of Borsa Italiana S.p.A. which invests in several excellent entrepreneurial companies  announces that the By-laws with the amendments approved in the Extraordinary Shareholders' Meeting held on April 29  2024 is available at the company's registered office  on 1Info Storage (www.1info.it) system and is available on the company web site www.tipspa.it section ""Corporate Governance/Company By-laws"".Milan  May 13  2024TIP - TAMBURI INVESTMENT PARTNERS S.P.A. IS AN INDEPENDENT AND DIVERSIFIED INDUSTRIAL GROUP WITH THAT INVESTED  AMONG DIRECT INVESTEMENTS AND/OR CLUB DEALS  MORE THAN 5 BILLION EURO (AT TODAY VALUES) IN COMPANIES DEFINED AS ""EXCELLENT"" FROM AN ENTREPRENEURIAL POINT OF VIEW AND WITH A LONG- TERM APPROACH. CURRENTLY TIP HAS DIRECT OR INDIRECT INTEREST IN LISTED AND UNLISTED COMPANIES INCLUDING: ALIMENTIAMOCI  ALKEMY  ALPITOUR  AMPLIFON  APOTECA NATURA  ASSET ITALIA  AZIMUT BENETTI  BENDING SPOONS  BETA UTENSILI  BUZZOOLE  CENTY  CHIORINO  DEXELANCE  DOVEVIVO  EATALY  ELICA  ENGINEERING  HUGO BOSS  INTERPUMP  ITACA  LANDI RENZO  LIMONTA  LIO FACTORY  MONCLER  MONRIF  MULAN  OCTO TELEMATICS  OVS  ROCHE BOBOIS  SESA  SIMBIOSI  STARTIP  TALENT GARDEN  TELESIA  VIANOVA AND ZEST.Contacts: Alessandra GrittiCEO - Investor RelatorTel. 02 8858801 mail: gritti@tamburi.itThis press release is also available on the company's web site www.tipspa.itand disclosed by 1Info SDIR and 1Info Storage system (www.1info.it).",neutral,0.02,0.98,0.0,neutral,0.05,0.94,0.02,True,English,"['Tamburi Investment Partners', 'Company', 'laws', 'Tamburi Investment Partners S.p.A.', 'Borsa Italiana S.p.A.', 'Euronext STAR Milan segment', 'several excellent entrepreneurial companies', 'diversified industrial group', ""Extraordinary Shareholders' Meeting"", 'LONG- TERM APPROACH', 'AMONG DIRECT INVESTEMENTS', 'Alessandra Gritti CEO', '1Info Storage system', 'company web site', 'ENTREPRENEURIAL POINT', 'UNLISTED COMPANIES', '1Info SDIR', 'PRESS RELEASE', 'registered office', 'Corporate Governance/Company', 'CLUB DEALS', '5 BILLION EURO', 'TODAY VALUES', 'INDIRECT INTEREST', 'APOTECA NATURA', 'ASSET ITALIA', 'AZIMUT BENETTI', 'BENDING SPOONS', 'BETA UTENSILI', 'HUGO BOSS', 'LANDI RENZO', 'LIO FACTORY', 'OCTO TELEMATICS', 'ROCHE BOBOIS', 'TALENT GARDEN', 'Investor Relator', 'TIP', 'independent', 'By-laws', 'amendments', 'April', 'May', 'VIEW', 'ALIMENTIAMOCI', 'ALKEMY', 'ALPITOUR', 'AMPLIFON', 'BUZZOOLE', 'CENTY', 'CHIORINO', 'DEXELANCE', 'DOVEVIVO', 'EATALY', 'ELICA', 'ENGINEERING', 'INTERPUMP', 'ITACA', 'LIMONTA', 'MONCLER', 'MONRIF', 'MULAN', 'OVS', 'SESA', 'SIMBIOSI', 'TELESIA', 'VIANOVA', 'ZEST', 'Contacts', 'Tel.']",2024-05-13,2024-05-14,marketscreener.com
40813,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2024/05/13/2880771/0/en/Fagron-shareholders-approve-all-voting-items-at-AGM-and-EGM.html,Fagron shareholders approve all voting items at AGM and EGM,Regulated informationNazareth (Belgium)/Rotterdam (The Netherlands)  13 May 2024 – 7PM CET  Fagron shareholders approve all voting items at AGM and EGM...,Regulated informationNazareth (Belgium)/Rotterdam (The Netherlands)  13 May 2024 – 7PM CETFagron shareholders approve all voting items at AGM and EGMFagron  the leading global player in pharmaceutical compounding  held its annual general meeting of shareholders and extraordinary general meeting of shareholders today. Both meetings approved all. voting items.ResolutionsThe annual general meeting approved  amongst other things  Fagron’s annual financial statements and dividend proposal of €0.30 per share for the fiscal year 2023  and the remuneration policy. The meeting also approved the proposed reappointment. The extraordinary general meeting approved the renewal of the authorization granted to the board of directors to acquire or dispose of treasury shares.Meeting and meeting documentsAll meeting documents for both meetings are available on Fagron’s website. The minutes of the meetings will also be made available on the website.Dividend calendarThe dividend calendar is as follows:Ex-dividend date: 21 May 2024Record date: 22 May 2024Payment date: 23 May 2024Further informationinvestors@fagron.comAbout FagronFagron is a leading global company active in pharmaceutical compounding  focusing on delivering personalized medicine to hospitals  pharmacies  clinics  and patients in more than 30 countries around the world.Belgian company Fagron NV has its registered office in Nazareth and is listed on Euronext Brussels and Euronext Amsterdam under the ticker symbol ‘FAGR’. Fagron’s operational activities are managed by the Dutch company Fagron BV  which is headquartered in Rotterdam.In the event of differences between the English translation and the Dutch original of this press release  the latter prevails.Attachment,neutral,0.19,0.8,0.01,neutral,0.03,0.94,0.02,True,English,"['Fagron shareholders', 'voting items', 'AGM', 'EGM', 'leading global player', 'annual financial statements', 'leading global company', 'annual general meeting', 'extraordinary general meeting', 'Belgian company', 'Dutch company', 'meeting documents', 'Regulated information', 'The Netherlands', '7PM CET', 'voting items', 'pharmaceutical compounding', 'other things', 'dividend proposal', 'fiscal year', 'remuneration policy', 'treasury shares', 'Dividend calendar', 'Ex-dividend date', 'Record date', 'Payment date', 'Further information', 'personalized medicine', 'registered office', 'Euronext Brussels', 'Euronext Amsterdam', 'ticker symbol', 'operational activities', 'English translation', 'Dutch original', 'press release', 'Fagron NV', 'Fagron BV', 'Fagron shareholders', 'Nazareth', 'Belgium', 'Rotterdam', '13 May', 'AGM', 'EGM', 'meetings', 'Resolutions', 'reappointment', 'renewal', 'authorization', 'board', 'directors', 'website', 'minutes', '21 May', '22 May', '23 May', 'hospitals', 'pharmacies', 'clinics', 'patients', '30 countries', 'world', 'event', 'differences', 'latter', 'Attachment']",2024-05-13,2024-05-14,globenewswire.com
40814,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/JCDECAUX-SE-4664/news/JCDecaux-wins-competitive-tender-to-retain-Sydney-Airport-46707945/,JCDecaux wins competitive tender to retain Sydney Airport,(marketscreener.com) JCDecaux wins competitive tender to retain Sydney Airport Paris  13 May 2024 – JCDecaux SE   the number one outdoor advertising company worldwide  announces that it has been reappointed by Sydney Airport as its exclusive media partner for…,"JCDecaux wins competitive tender to retain Sydney AirportParis  13 May 2024 – JCDecaux SE (Euronext Paris: DEC)  the number one outdoor advertising company worldwide  announces that it has been reappointed by Sydney Airport as its exclusive media partner for Australia’s premier airport advertising contract following a competitive tender process.Sydney Airport continues its journey of transformation at both the domestic and international terminals. It has welcomed a new era of traveller experiences  featuring Australia’s fastest growing luxury retail precinct in the International Terminal  a new department store offering across the Domestic Terminals streamlined check-in  security and amenities  ensuring seamless navigation through the airport.JCDecaux will introduce a host of new iconic assets in partnership with award-winning architects Tzannes  particularly within the transformed T1 international terminal. Additionally  plans are underway to enhance existing assets and introduce cutting-edge  new digital Large Format sites as part of the new Domestic Gateway and the St Peter’s Interchange.As part of the new partnership  Sydney Airport and JCDecaux will collaborate to use new and improved data capabilities. This will allow brands to gain deeper audience insights providing them with innovative ways to understand  target and convert high-value consumers.JCDecaux's continued partnership with Sydney Airport underscores its dominance in the trans-Tasman airport advertising landscape  with a robust portfolio that includes Perth  Adelaide  Auckland  Christchurch  and Queenstown.Across 38 countries  JCDecaux is the chosen media partner for 153 key airports including Dubai  Frankfurt  LAX  London Heathrow  Paris Charles-de-Gaulle  Shanghai and Singapore.This year JCDecaux introduced its global programmatic airport solution meaning for the first time  advertisers can run multi-market programmatic campaigns across 15 of the world’s busiest airports including Sydney Airport. It provides brands and agencies access to more than 70 million monthly passengers and over two billion impressions across a network of over 3 000 screens operated by JCDecaux worldwide.Mark Zaouk  Group Executive – Commercial  Sydney Airport  said: “We’re delighted to continue our strong partnership with JCDecaux  who share our vision to make Sydney Airport the premier airport media destination in the region. Our objectives were to reset our media portfolio and push the boundaries on what airport media could be  beyond traditional out-of-home advertising and into a more holistic suite of media opportunities across partnerships  activations  and sponsorships. We believe Sydney Airport offers one of the most compelling media propositions in Australia  with a unique ability to connect iconic brands with highly qualified  high-value audiences when they’re most engaged. Every year almost half of Australia’s international passengers land here and over the course of this agreement we expect to move beyond 50 million passengers annually  presenting an incredible opportunity for advertisers. Through the tender process we affirmed that JCDecaux are the right partner and the entire team here is excited and energised to be working with them to realise our ambitions.”Jean-François Decaux  Co-CEO of JCDecaux  said: “Sydney Airport has set a bold and ambitious vision for the future. With passenger numbers expected to grow to over 50 million in the next three years  we are perfectly aligned to deliver the ongoing transformation of their international and domestic passenger experience. Retaining this contract solidifies our position as a leader in premium airport advertising both locally and globally. We look forward to continue our partnership and deliver our refreshed and remarkable offering to both Sydney Airport and the market.""Key Figures for JCDecaux2023 revenue: €3 570.0m (a)N°1 Out-of-Home Media company worldwideA daily audience of 850 million people in more than 80 countries1 056 833 advertising panels worldwidePresent in 3 918 cities with more than 10 000 inhabitants11 650 employeesJCDecaux is listed on the Eurolist of Euronext Paris and is part of the Euronext 100 and Euronext Family Business indexesJCDecaux is recognised for its extra-financial performance in the FTSE4Good (3.4/5)  CDP (A)  MSCI (AAA)  Sustainalytics (13.7)  and has achieved Gold Medal status from EcoVadis1 st Out-of-Home Media company to join the RE100Out-of-Home Media company to join the RE100 Leader in self-service bike rental scheme: pioneer in eco-friendly mobilityN°1 worldwide in street furniture (630 196 advertising panels)N°1 worldwide in transport advertising with 153 airports and 258 contracts in metros  buses  trains and tramways (319 081 advertising panels)N°1 in Europe for billboards (85 743 advertising panels worldwide)N°1 in outdoor advertising in Europe (708 620 advertising panels)N°1 in outdoor advertising in Asia-Pacific (165 292 advertising panels)N°1 in outdoor advertising in Latin America (91 682 advertising panels)N°1 in outdoor advertising in Africa (25 337 advertising panels)N°1 in outdoor advertising in the Middle East (21 300 advertising panels)(a) Adjusted revenueFor more information about JCDecaux  please visit jcdecaux.com .Join us on Twitter   LinkedIn   Facebook   Instagram and YouTube.Communications Department: Albert Asséraf+33 (0) 1 30 79 79 10 – albert.asseraf@jcdecaux.comInvestor Relations: Rémi Grisard+33 (0) 1 30 79 79 93 – remi.grisard@jcdecaux.comAttachment",neutral,0.19,0.8,0.01,positive,0.78,0.21,0.01,True,English,"['competitive tender', 'Sydney Airport', 'JCDecaux', 'cutting-edge, new digital Large Format sites', 'growing luxury retail precinct', 'self-service bike rental scheme', 'Euronext Family Business indexes', 'global programmatic airport solution', 'premier airport media destination', 'trans-Tasman airport advertising landscape', 'one outdoor advertising company', 'premier airport advertising contract', 'multi-market programmatic campaigns', 'award-winning architects Tzannes', 'two billion impressions', 'Jean-François Decaux', 'next three years', 'Gold Medal status', 'new department store', 'compelling media propositions', 'Home Media company', 'deeper audience insights', 'qualified, high-value audiences', 'new Domestic Gateway', 'exclusive media partner', 'premium airport advertising', 'new iconic assets', 'domestic passenger experience', '70 million monthly passengers', 'T1 international terminal', 'competitive tender process', 'home advertising', 'new era', 'media portfolio', 'media opportunities', '50 million passengers', '1,056,833 advertising panels', '30,196 advertising panels', 'transport advertising', '85,743 advertising panels', '91,682 advertising panels', 'existing assets', 'high-value consumers', 'passenger numbers', 'daily audience', 'new partnership', 'Sydney Airport', 'international passengers', 'right partner', '850 million people', 'Domestic Terminals', 'Euronext Paris', 'international terminals', 'traveller experiences', 'seamless navigation', 'St Peter', 'data capabilities', 'innovative ways', 'robust portfolio', 'London Heathrow', 'first time', 'Mark Zaouk', 'Group Executive', 'holistic suite', 'unique ability', 'incredible opportunity', 'entire team', 'remarkable offering', 'Key Figures', 'extra-financial performance', 'eco-friendly mobility', 'street furniture', 'Latin America', 'iconic brands', 'Paris Charles-de-Gaulle', '153 key airports', 'busiest airports', 'continued partnership', 'strong partnership', 'ambitious vision', 'ongoing transformation', 'JCDecaux SE', 'RE100 Leader', 'Euronext 100', '153 airports', 'May', 'Australia', 'journey', 'check-in', 'security', 'amenities', 'host', 'plans', 'Interchange', 'dominance', 'Perth', 'Adelaide', 'Auckland', 'Christchurch', 'Queenstown', '38 countries', 'Dubai', 'Frankfurt', 'LAX', 'Shanghai', 'Singapore', 'advertisers', 'world', 'agencies', 'access', 'network', '3,000 screens', 'Commercial', 'region', 'objectives', 'boundaries', 'partnerships', 'activations', 'sponsorships', 'half', 'course', 'agreement', 'ambitions', 'Co-CEO', 'bold', 'future', 'refreshed', '2023 revenue', '80 countries', '3,918 cities', '10,000 inhabitants', '11,650 employees', 'Eurolist', 'FTSE4Good', 'CDP', 'MSCI', 'AAA', 'Sustainalytics', 'EcoVadis', 'pioneer', '258 contracts', 'metros', 'buses', 'trains', 'tramways', 'Europe', 'billboards', 'N°', 'Asia-Pacific']",2024-05-13,2024-05-14,marketscreener.com
40815,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/ASM-INTERNATIONAL-N-V-6312/news/ASM-International-N-V-announces-voting-results-of-the-Annual-General-Meeting-46709484/,ASM International N.V. announces voting results of the Annual General Meeting,(marketscreener.com) Almere  The Netherlands May 13  2024 ASM International N.V. today announces the voting results of its Annual General Meeting held on May 13  2024  in the Van der Valk Hotel Almere  in Almere  the Netherlands. The shareholders approved all…,Almere  The NetherlandsMay 13  2024ASM International N.V. (Euronext Amsterdam: ASM) today announces the voting results of its Annual General Meeting held on May 13  2024  in the Van der Valk Hotel Almere  in Almere  the Netherlands.The shareholders approved all resolutions as proposed to the Annual General Meeting.The main resolutions include the following:The annual accounts 2023 were approved and adopted.A regular dividend of €2.75 per common share was approved.Mr. Lamouche was reappointed  and Ms. Micki and Mr. Van den Brink were appointed as members of the Supervisory Board.Ernst & Young Accountants LLP was appointed as auditor for the financial year 2025.A change of the remuneration policy for  and remuneration of  the Supervisory Board was also approved.An amendment to ASM’s articles of association was approved.Furthermore  as of today the Supervisory Board appointed Hichem M’Saad as ASM’s new CEO and Chairman of the Management Board  succeeding Benjamin Loh. Pauline van der Meer Mohr  Chair of the Supervisory Board: “On behalf of the Supervisory Board  I would like to congratulate Benjamin on his very successful achievements as CEO of ASM and thank him once more for everything he has done for our company during the last four years. Also  we congratulate Hichem with his new position  wishing him all the best. We have full confidence that he will be a great successor.”About ASM International N.V.ASM International N.V.  headquartered in Almere  the Netherlands  and its subsidiaries design and manufacture equipment and process solutions to produce semiconductor devices for wafer processing  and have facilities in the United States  Europe  and Asia. ASM International's common stock trades on the Euronext Amsterdam Stock Exchange (symbol: ASM). For more information  visit ASM's website at www.asm.com.Contacts Investor and media relations Investor relations Victor Bareño Valentina Fantigrossi T: +31 88 100 8500 T: +31 88 100 8502 E: investor.relations@asm.com E: investor.relations@asm.comAttachment,neutral,0.04,0.95,0.01,positive,0.85,0.14,0.01,True,English,"['ASM International N.V.', 'Annual General Meeting', 'voting results', 'Investor relations Victor Bareño Valentina Fantigrossi', 'Pauline van der Meer Mohr', 'Van der Valk Hotel Almere', 'Mr. Van den Brink', 'Euronext Amsterdam Stock Exchange', 'ASM International N.V.', 'Young Accountants LLP', 'last four years', 'common stock trades', 'Annual General Meeting', 'Hichem M’Saad', 'media relations', 'Mr. Lamouche', 'annual accounts', 'common share', 'voting results', 'regular dividend', 'Ms. Micki', 'Supervisory Board', 'financial year', 'Management Board', 'successful achievements', 'new position', 'full confidence', 'great successor', 'process solutions', 'semiconductor devices', 'wafer processing', 'United States', 'main resolutions', 'remuneration policy', 'new CEO', 'Benjamin Loh', 'The Netherlands', 'May', 'shareholders', 'members', 'Ernst', 'auditor', 'amendment', 'articles', 'association', 'today', 'Chairman', 'behalf', 'everything', 'company', 'subsidiaries', 'manufacture', 'equipment', 'facilities', 'Europe', 'Asia', 'symbol', 'information', 'website', 'Contacts', 'Attachment']",2024-05-13,2024-05-14,marketscreener.com
40816,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2024/05/13/2880095/0/en/Exor-Press-Release-Periodic-Report-on-the-Buyback-Program.html,Exor Press Release - Periodic Report on the Buyback Program,Amsterdam  13 May 2024  EXOR N.V.: PERIODIC REPORT ON THE BUYBACK PROGRAM  Exor N.V. (AMS: EXO) (“Exor” or the “Company”) announces that  under the...,Amsterdam  13 May 2024EXOR N.V.: PERIODIC REPORT ON THE BUYBACK PROGRAMExor N.V. (AMS: EXO) (“Exor” or the “Company”) announces that  under the first tranche of the share buyback program of up to €125 million announced on 15 April 2024 (the “first tranche”)  the Company has completed the following transactions on Euronext Amsterdam  CBOE DXE and Turquoise Europe:EURONEXT AMSTERDAMTrading Date Number of ordinary shares purchased Average price per share excluding fees (€) Total consideration excluding fees (€) 7 May 2024 20 864 102.28 2 133 869.77 8 May 2024 21 983 101.93 2 240 661.24 9 May 2024 20 847 102.89 2 144 897.80 10 May 2024 22 379 102.78 2 300 149.43 TOTAL 86 073 8 819 578.24CBOE DXETrading Date Number of ordinary shares purchased Average price per share excluding fees (€) Total consideration excluding fees (€) 7 May 2024 10 771 102.28 1 101 606.18 8 May 2024 11 131 101.93 1 134 549.44 9 May 2024 11 280 102.89 1 160 572.13 10 May 2024 11 027 102.78 1 133 372.70 TOTAL 44 209 4 530 100.45TURQUOISE EUROPETrading Date Number of ordinary shares purchased Average price per share excluding fees (€) Total consideration excluding fees (€) 9 May 2024 828 103 85 205.09 10 May 2024 823 103 84 562.02 TOTAL 1 651 169 767.11After these purchases  the total invested amount under the first tranche is approximately €48 million for a total amount of 474 722 ordinary shares purchased.As of 13 May 2024  the Company held in total 5 475 409 ordinary shares in treasury (2.48% of total ordinary issued share capital)1.A comprehensive overview of the transactions carried out under the share buyback program  as well as the details of the above transactions  are available on Exor’s corporate website under the Share Buyback section.1 This corresponds to 0.76% of the total issued share capital including both ordinary shares and special voting shares.Attachment,neutral,0.01,0.98,0.01,neutral,0.02,0.96,0.02,True,English,"['Exor Press Release', 'Periodic Report', 'Buyback Program', 'total ordinary issued share capital', 'Trading Date Number', 'special voting shares', 'Share Buyback section', 'EXOR N.V.', 'share buyback program', 'ordinary shares', 'PERIODIC REPORT', 'first tranche', 'CBOE DXE', 'Turquoise Europe', 'Average price', 'comprehensive overview', 'corporate website', 'Total consideration', 'Euronext Amsterdam', 'total amount', 'following transactions', '13 May', 'THE', 'Company', '15 April', 'fees', '10 May', '7 May', '8 May', '9 May', 'purchases', 'treasury', 'details', 'Attachment']",2024-05-13,2024-05-14,globenewswire.com
40817,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/HYBRID-SOFTWARE-GROUP-PLC-27862552/news/Hybrid-Software-Notification-of-transactions-in-shares-by-persons-discharging-managerial-responsib-46704638/,"Hybrid Software : Notification of transactions in shares by persons discharging managerial responsibility (""PDMRs"")",(marketscreener.com)   Notification of transactions in shares by persons discharging managerial responsibility       13 May 2024 12:30 CEST    Subscribe     Issuer   HYBRID SOFTWARE GROUP PLC      Cambridge ...https://www.marketscree…,"Notification of transactions in shares by persons discharging managerial responsibility (""PDMRs"")Cambridge (UK) 13 May 2024: The Company makes the following announcement and notification in respect of the EU Market Abuse Regulation.1 Details of the person discharging managerial responsibilities/person closely associated a) Name Congra Software S.à.r.l. 2 Reason for the notification a) Position/status Controlling party b) Initial notification/Amendment Initial notification 3 Details of the issuer  emission allowance market participant  auction platform  auctioneer or auction monitor a) Name Hybrid Software Group PLC b) LEI 213800ZFW446QIHAB654 4 Details of the transaction(s): section to be repeated for (i) each type of instrument; (ii) each type of transaction; (iii) each date; and (iv) each place where transactions have been conducted a) Description of the financial instrument  type of instrument Identification code Ordinary share GB00BYN5BY03 b) Nature of the transaction Acquisition of shares. c) Price(s) and volume(s) Price EUR 3.79 Volume 5 037 d) Aggregated information - Aggregated volume - Price 5 037 EUR 19 090.23 e) Date of the transaction 9 May 2024 f) Place of the transaction Euronext BrusselsAbout Hybrid Software GroupThrough its operating subsidiaries. Hybrid Software Group PLC (Euronext: HYSG) is a leading developer of enterprise software for industrial print manufacturing. Customers include press manufacturers such as HP. Canon. Durst. Roland. Hymmen. and hundreds of packaging printers. trade shops. and converters worldwide.Hybrid Software Group PLC is headquartered in Cambridge UK. Its subsidiary companies are colour technology experts ColorLogic  printing software developers Global Graphics Software   enterprise software developer HYBRID Software  3D design and modelling software developers iC3D  the industrial printhead driver solutions specialists Meteor Inkjet   and pre-press workflow developer Xitron.ContactsFloris De Ruyck Joachim Van Hemelen Legal Counsel & Investor Relations Officer Chief Financial Officer Tel: +32 (0) 9 329 57 53 Tel: +32 (0) 9 329 57 53 Email: florisdr@hybridsoftware.group Email: joachimvh@hybridsoftware.group2024-05-13-pdmrnotification-congra.pdf",neutral,0.0,0.99,0.0,neutral,0.02,0.96,0.02,True,English,"['Hybrid Software', 'managerial responsibility', 'Notification', 'transactions', 'shares', 'persons', 'PDMRs', 'Floris De Ruyck Joachim Van Hemelen Legal Counsel', 'Name Congra Software S.à.r.l.', 'industrial printhead driver solutions specialists', 'instrument Identification code Ordinary share', 'Name Hybrid Software Group PLC', 'EU Market Abuse Regulation', 'emission allowance market participant', 'Initial notification/Amendment Initial notification', 'industrial print manufacturing', 'printing software developers', 'Global Graphics Software', 'modelling software developers', 'Position/status Controlling party', 'colour technology experts', 'Investor Relations Officer', 'pre-press workflow developer', 'enterprise software developer', 'Chief Financial Officer', 'Price(s', 'financial instrument', 'leading developer', 'managerial responsibility', 'following announcement', 'managerial responsibilities', 'auction platform', 'auction monitor', 'LEI 213800ZFW446QIHAB654', 'operating subsidiaries', 'press manufacturers', 'HP. Canon', 'packaging printers', 'trade shops', 'subsidiary companies', '3D design', 'Meteor Inkjet', 'Aggregated information', 'Euronext Brussels', 'Cambridge UK', 'transactions', 'shares', 'persons', 'PDMRs', 'Company', 'respect', '1 Details', 'Reason', 'issuer', 'auctioneer', 'section', 'type', 'date', 'place', 'Description', 'Nature', 'Acquisition', 'volume', 'HYSG', 'Customers', 'Durst', 'Roland', 'Hymmen', 'hundreds', 'converters', 'ColorLogic', 'iC3D', 'Xitron', 'Contacts', 'Email', 'florisdr', 'hybridsoftware', 'joachimvh', 'pdmrnotification']",2024-05-13,2024-05-14,marketscreener.com
40818,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/OXURION-NV-29715/news/Oxurion-Receives-Transparency-Notification-from-Atlas-Special-Opportunities-LLC-46708908/,Oxurion Receives Transparency Notification from Atlas Special Opportunities LLC,(marketscreener.com) Oxurion Receives Transparency Notification from Atlas Special Opportunities LLC Leuven  BELGIUM – May 13  2024 – 07:00 PM CET   a biopharmaceutical company headquartered in Leuven  today announced that  pursuant to Belgian Transparency le…,Oxurion Receives Transparency Notification from Atlas Special Opportunities LLCLeuven  BELGIUM – May 13  2024 – 07:00 PM CET (Euronext Brussels: OXUR)  a biopharmaceutical company headquartered in Leuven  today announced that  pursuant to Belgian Transparency legislation1 it has received a transparency notification as follows:Oxurion received a transparency notification on May 9  2024  from Atlas Special Opportunities  LLC indicating that as of May 2  2024  it held 1 467 712 295 shares of the then outstanding 10 101 777 808 shares  and therefore crossed above the threshold (10%) by virtue of the purchase of voting securities. See Annex 1.About OxurionOxurion (Euronext Brussels: OXUR) is engaged in developing next-generation standard of care ophthalmic therapies for the treatment of retinal disease. Oxurion is based in Leuven  Belgium. More information is available at www.oxurion.com.Important information about forward-looking statementsCertain statements in this press release may be considered “forward-looking”. Such forward-looking statements are based on current expectations  and  accordingly  entail and are influenced by various risks and uncertainties. The Company therefore cannot provide any assurance that such forward-looking statements will materialize and does not assume any obligation to update or revise any forward-looking statement  whether as a result of new information  future events  or any other reason. Additional information concerning risks and uncertainties affecting the business and other factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from any forward-looking statement is contained in the Company’s Annual Report. This press release does not constitute an offer or invitation for the sale or purchase of securities or assets of Oxurion in any jurisdiction. No securities of Oxurion may be offered or sold within the United States without registration under the U.S. Securities Act of 1933  as amended  or in compliance with an exemption therefrom  and in accordance with any applicable U.S. state securities laws.For further information please contact:Oxurion NVPascal GhosonChief Executive OfficerPascal.ghoson@oxurion.com Backstage CommunicationJurgen VluijmansPartnerjurgen@backstagecom.be________1. Article 14  first paragraph  of the Law of 2 May 2007 on disclosure of major holdings.ANNEX 1Attachments,neutral,0.05,0.95,0.01,mixed,0.19,0.42,0.39,True,English,"['Atlas Special Opportunities LLC', 'Transparency Notification', 'Oxurion', 'applicable U.S. state securities laws', 'U.S. Securities Act', 'Jurgen Vluijmans Partner jurgen', 'Chief Executive Officer Pascal', 'Atlas Special Opportunities LLC', 'care ophthalmic therapies', 'Belgian Transparency legislation1', 'Such forward-looking statements', 'voting securities', 'Pascal Ghoson', 'Transparency Notification', '07:00 PM CET', 'Euronext Brussels', 'next-generation standard', 'retinal disease', 'press release', 'current expectations', 'future events', 'other reason', 'other factors', 'actual results', 'Annual Report', 'United States', 'Backstage Communication', 'first paragraph', 'major holdings', 'More information', 'Important information', 'new information', 'Additional information', 'biopharmaceutical company', 'The Company', 'outstanding 10,101,777,808 shares', 'various risks', 'ANNEX 1 Attachments', 'Oxurion NV', '1,467,712,295 shares', 'Leuven', 'BELGIUM', 'May', 'threshold', 'virtue', 'purchase', 'treatment', 'uncertainties', 'assurance', 'obligation', 'business', 'offer', 'invitation', 'sale', 'assets', 'jurisdiction', 'registration', 'compliance', 'exemption', 'accordance', 'backstagecom', 'Article', 'disclosure']",2024-05-13,2024-05-14,marketscreener.com
40819,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/PLANISWARE-159962987/news/Planisware-Implementation-of-a-liquidity-contract-46708216/,Planisware - Implementation of a liquidity contract,(marketscreener.com) Implementation of a liquidity contract Paris  France  May 13  2024 – Planisware  a leading B2B SaaS provider in the rapidly growing Project Economy  announces it has implemented a liquidity contract for its ordinary shares with Rothschild…,Implementation of a liquidity contractParis  France  May 13  2024 – Planisware  a leading B2B SaaS provider in the rapidly growing Project Economy  announces it has implemented a liquidity contract for its ordinary shares (ISIN code: FR001400PFU4) with Rothschild Martin Maurel  in accordance with the regulations in force  and in particular AMF Decision No. 2021-01 of June 22  2021.The purpose of this contract is for Rothschild Martin Maurel to provide market making services for Planisware’s shares on the regulated market of Euronext in Paris and to promote the liquidity of transactions and the regularity of the listing of Planisware’s shares.For the implementation of this contract  € 1 800 000 have been allocated to the liquidity account.This contract will take effect as from May 14 2024 and has an initial term of 12 months  renewable by tacit agreement for successive 12-month periods.This new contract may be suspended under the conditions set out in Article 5 of the AMF Decision. It may also be suspended at Planisware’s request for technical reasons  such as the counting of shares with voting rights before a general meeting or the counting of shares giving entitlement to dividends before their detachment  for a period specified by the Issuer.About PlaniswarePlanisware is a leading business-to-business (“B2B”) provider of Software-as-a-Service (“SaaS”) in the rapidly growing Project Economy. Planisware’s mission is to provide solutions that help organizations transform how they strategize  plan and deliver their projects  project portfolios  programs and products.With close to 700 employees across 12 offices  Planisware operates at significant scale serving around 545 organizational clients in a wide range of verticals and functions across more than 30 countries worldwide. Planisware’s clients include large international companies  medium-sized businesses and public sector entities.Planisware is listed on the regulated market of Euronext Paris (Compartment A  ISIN code FR001400PFU4  ticker symbol “PLNW”). For more information  visit: https://planisware.com/Connect with Planisware on: LinkedIn and X (formerly Twitter).ContactsInvestor Relations Media Benoit d’Amécourt Brunswick GroupHugues Boëton / Tristan Roquet Montégon benoit.damecourt@planisware.com planisware@brunswickgroup.com +33 6 75 51 41 47 +33 6 79 99 27 15 / +33 6 37 00 52 57Attachment,neutral,0.01,0.98,0.0,neutral,0.02,0.93,0.05,True,English,"['liquidity contract', 'Planisware', 'Implementation', 'Tristan Roquet Montégon benoit', 'Investor Relations Media Benoit', 'Amécourt Brunswick Group', 'leading B2B SaaS provider', 'Rothschild Martin Maurel', 'successive 12-month periods', 'large international companies', 'public sector entities', 'Hugues Boëton', 'growing Project Economy', 'market making services', 'ISIN code FR001400PFU', 'project portfolios', 'leading business', 'regulated market', 'AMF Decision', 'initial term', 'tacit agreement', 'technical reasons', 'voting rights', 'general meeting', 'significant scale', 'wide range', 'medium-sized businesses', 'Compartment A', 'ticker symbol', 'liquidity account', 'new contract', '545 organizational clients', 'liquidity contract', 'ordinary shares', 'Euronext Paris', 'Implementation', 'France', 'Planisware', 'accordance', 'regulations', 'force', 'June', 'purpose', 'transactions', 'regularity', 'listing', 'effect', 'May', '12 months', 'conditions', 'Article', 'request', 'counting', 'entitlement', 'dividends', 'detachment', 'Issuer', 'Software', 'rapidly', 'mission', 'solutions', 'organizations', 'projects', 'programs', 'products', 'close', '700 employees', '12 offices', 'verticals', 'functions', '30 countries', 'PLNW', 'information', 'LinkedIn', 'Twitter', 'Contacts', 'damecourt', 'brunswickgroup', 'Attachment']",2024-05-13,2024-05-14,marketscreener.com
40820,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/RACING-FORCE-S-P-A-129457864/news/Racing-Force-S-p-a-Commencement-of-the-program-for-purchasing-and-disposing-of-own-shares-and-46708455/,Racing Force S.p.a. :  Commencement of the program for purchasing and disposing of own shares and appointment of the intermediary,(marketscreener.com)  Racing Force S.p.A.   the parent company of Racing Force Group  which is specialized in the development  production  and marketing of safety components for motorsports worldwide  listed on the Euronext Growth segment in Milan and Paris…,"Racing Force S.p.A. (the “Company” or “RFG”)  the parent company of Racing Force Group  which is specialized in the development  production  and marketing of safety components for motorsports worldwide  listed on the Euronext Growth segment in Milan (RFG) and Paris (ALRFG)  in accordance with the resolution of the shareholders' meeting of April 29th  2024 (the ""Resolution"")  announces that it has initiated the share buyback program (the ""Program"")  appointing Equita SIM S.p.A. (the ""Intermediary"") to coordinate and/or execute - independently - the Program.Equita SIM S.p.A. is an authorized intermediary for the execution of orders on behalf of clients under art. 1  paragraph 5  letter b) of Legislative Decree 58/1988  and will operate independently and in compliance with the constraints of applicable regulations  as well as within the limits set by the Resolution of the Company's Shareholders' Meeting.The Program will be carried out in accordance with the purposes and methods permitted by the applicable regulatory provisions  including the purposes set forth in Article 5 of Regulation (EU) 596/2014 (Market Abuse Regulation  hereinafter ""MAR"") and related implementing provisions  where applicable  and in market practices permitted pursuant to Article 13 of MAR  for the following purposes: (i) to support the liquidity of the shares themselves; (ii) to allow efficient use of the Company's liquidity for medium- and long-term investment; (iii) to use the shares in connection with characteristic management operations or projects consistent with the Company's strategic guidelines; (iv) to have own shares available for the ""Stock Grant Plan 2023-2025"" service  as well as for any future incentive plans; (v) to have own shares available  in line with the strategic guidelines that the Company intends to pursue  as consideration in the context of any extraordinary transactions.In particular  the Program provides that the purchase of ordinary shares of the Company  without par value  shall be made up to a maximum number  taking into account the Racing Force own shares held in the Company's portfolio or by its subsidiaries  not exceeding 20% of the share capital  in one or more tranches  within 18 months from the date of the Resolution and  therefore  by October 29  2025  unless early closure upon reaching the preset threshold or revocation.The Program envisages that the buyback of own shares will be carried out on the multilateral trading system Euronext Growth at a price neither lower nor higher by more than 15% compared to the reference price recorded by the security in the last trading session preceding each individual operation  in compliance with the trading conditions established in Article 3  paragraph 2  of Delegated Regulation (EU) 2016/1052  implementing MAR  and in particular: (i) shares cannot be purchased at a price higher than the highest of the last independent transaction price and the current independent purchase offer price at the trading venue where the purchase is made; (ii) it will not be possible to purchase on any trading day a volume of shares exceeding 25% of the average daily trading volume of Racing Force shares in the 20 trading days preceding the purchase dates  subject to exceptional cases provided for by regulatory provisions or market practices authorized by CONSOB.For more information about the Program's features  please refer to the press release issued by the Company on April 29  2024.The Intermediary will proceed with the purchases until the expiration of the 18-month validity period of the above-mentioned shareholders' authorization (October 29  2025)  or if earlier  until the revocation of said shareholders' authorization  or until the maximum amount is reached. In particular  starting from May 15  2024  and until December 31  2024  the first tranche of the Program will be executed for a maximum amount of Euro 250 000.It is also noted that  as of today's date  the Company does not hold any own shares in its portfolio.Any subsequent changes to the Program will be promptly disclosed to the public in accordance with the terms and conditions provided by applicable regulations.The operations carried out will be subject to market disclosure in accordance with current regulatory provisions.This press release is available at Borsa Italiana S.p.A.  at the company's registered office  and in the Investor Relations/Price Sensitive Press Releases section of the website www.racingforce.com. For the dissemination of regulated information  Racing Force uses the eMarket SDIR circuit managed by Teleborsa S.r.l.  located at Piazza Priscilla 4  Rome.This publication embed ""🔒 Actusnews SECURITY MASTER "".- SECURITY MASTER Key: lWxpZ52bl2udlmtuaclommhpl21mxZSUaGaWl2ZoapjHb5tomZeWZ5eWZnFmnG5m- Check this key: https://www.security-master-key.com .Regulated information:Acquisition or disposal of the issuer's own shares:- Description of the buyback programme Full and original press release in PDF: https://www.actusnews.com/news/85790-rfg-commencement-of-buy-back-and-appointment-itermediary.pdfReceive by email the next press releases of the company by registering on www.actusnews.com   it's free© 2024 ActusNews",neutral,0.02,0.98,0.01,neutral,0.03,0.94,0.04,True,English,"['Racing Force S.', 'Commencement', 'program', 'purchasing', 'disposing', 'shares', 'appointment', 'intermediary', 'Investor Relations/Price Sensitive Press Releases section', 'Stock Grant Plan 2023-2025"" service', 'Equita SIM S.p.A.', 'Borsa Italiana S.p.A.', 'Racing Force S.p.A.', 'current independent purchase offer price', 'Teleborsa S.r.l.', 'last independent transaction price', 'average daily trading volume', 'current regulatory provisions', 'last trading session', 'Racing Force Group', 'future incentive plans', '18-month validity period', 'eMarket SDIR circuit', 'related implementing provisions', 'original press release', 'multilateral trading system', 'Euronext Growth segment', 'characteristic management operations', 'applicable regulatory provisions', 'Market Abuse Regulation', 'Racing Force shares', 'Actusnews SECURITY MASTER', 'SECURITY MASTER Key', 'share buyback program', 'reference price', 'trading venue', 'trading day', 'share capital', 'applicable regulations', 'market practices', 'purchase dates', 'market disclosure', 'trading conditions', 'safety components', ""shareholders' meeting"", 'Legislative Decree', 'efficient use', 'long-term investment', 'strategic guidelines', 'extraordinary transactions', 'par value', 'maximum number', 'early closure', 'preset threshold', 'individual operation', 'Delegated Regulation', 'exceptional cases', ""shareholders' authorization"", 'maximum amount', 'first tranche', 'subsequent changes', 'registered office', 'Piazza Priscilla', 'buyback programme', 'authorized intermediary', 'The Intermediary', 'regulated information', 'April 29th', 'following purposes', 'ordinary shares', 'parent company', 'RFG', 'development', 'production', 'marketing', 'motorsports', 'Milan', 'Paris', 'accordance', 'resolution', 'execution', 'orders', 'behalf', 'clients', 'art.', 'paragraph', 'letter', 'compliance', 'constraints', 'limits', 'methods', 'Article', 'liquidity', 'connection', 'projects', 'consideration', 'context', 'account', 'portfolio', 'subsidiaries', 'more', 'tranches', '18 months', 'October', 'revocation', 'CONSOB', 'features', 'purchases', 'expiration', 'May', 'December', 'today', 'public', 'terms', 'website', 'racingforce', 'dissemination', 'Rome', 'lWxpZ52bl2udlmtuaclommhpl21mxZSUaGaWl2ZoapjHb5tomZeWZ5eWZnFmnG5m', 'Acquisition', 'disposal', 'issuer', 'Description', 'Full', 'PDF', 'commencement', 'appointment', 'itermediary', '790']",2024-05-13,2024-05-14,marketscreener.com
40821,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/WAVESTONE-45568714/news/Wavestone-Declaration-according-to-article-223-16-AMF-46708287/,Wavestone :  Declaration according to article 223-16 (AMF),(marketscreener.com)  In accordance with article L.233-8 of commercial law  Wavestone informs its shareholders that as ofApril 30  2024  its capital was composed of 24 906 332 shares representing 37 228 876 voting rights according to article 223-11 of the …,"In accordance with article L.233-8 of commercial law  Wavestone informs its shareholders that as ofApril 30  2024  its capital was composed of 24 906 332 shares representing 37 228 876 voting rights according to article 223-11 of the AMF.About WavestoneWavestone  a leading independent consultancy headquartered in France  and Q_PERIOR  a consulting leader in the Germany-Switzerland-Austria region  joined forces in 2023 to become the most trusted partner for critical transformations.Drawing on more than 5 500 employees across Europe  North America and Asia  the firm combines seamlessly first-class sector expertise with a 360° transformation portfolio of high-value consulting services.Wavestone is listed on Euronext Paris and recognized as a Great Place to Work®.WavestonePascal ImbertCEOTel.: +33 (0)1 49 03 20 00Justine BrossetFinancial CommunicationTel.: +33 (0)1 49 03 20 00 ActusMathieu OmnesInvestor and Analyst RelationsTel.: +33 (0)1 53 67 36 92Deborah SchwartzPress relationsTel.: +33 (0)1 53 67 36 35This publication embed ""🔒 Actusnews SECURITY MASTER "".- SECURITY MASTER Key: xppulplmapvHmGlvZpxsmGFnb2tjk2nKlmHJmGZvaMfKbXFhlplhZ5qZZnFmnGts- Check this key: https://www.security-master-key.com .Regulated information:Total number of voting rights and capital:- Information on the total number of voting rights and shares making up the share capital Full and original press release in PDF: https://www.actusnews.com/news/85766-wavestone_declaration-amf_240513-en.pdfReceive by email the next press releases of the company by registering on www.actusnews.com   it's free© 2024 ActusNews",neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,positive,0.83,0.16,0.01,True,English,"['Wavestone', 'Declaration', 'article', 'AMF', 'leading independent consultancy', 'first-class sector expertise', 'Pascal Imbert CEO', 'original press release', 'next press releases', 'high-value consulting services', 'SECURITY MASTER Key', 'Actusnews SECURITY MASTER', 'Press relations', 'consulting leader', 'commercial law', '37,228,876 voting rights', 'Germany-Switzerland-Austria region', 'trusted partner', 'critical transformations', 'North America', '360° transformation portfolio', 'Euronext Paris', 'Great Place', 'Justine Brosset', 'Financial Communication', 'Mathieu Omnes', 'Analyst Relations', 'Deborah Schwartz', 'Total number', 'article L.', 'Regulated information', 'share capital', 'accordance', 'Wavestone', 'shareholders', '24,906,332 shares', 'AMF', 'France', 'Q_PERIOR', 'forces', '5,500 employees', 'Europe', 'Asia', 'firm', 'Tel.', 'Investor', 'publication', 'Full', 'PDF', 'email', 'company', '1 49', '1 53', '2024']",2024-05-13,2024-05-14,marketscreener.com
40822,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.investing.com/news/press-releases/implanet-receives-fda-clearance-for-its-new-hybrid-fixation-system-jazz-spinal-system-93CH-3437629,IMPLANET Receives FDA Clearance for Its New Hybrid Fixation System Jazz Spinal System™ By Investing.com,IMPLANET Receives FDA Clearance for Its New Hybrid Fixation System Jazz Spinal System™,BORDEAUX  France & BOSTON--(BUSINESS WIRE)--Regulatory News:IMPLANET (Euronext Growth: ALIMP  FR0013470168  eligible for PEA-PME equity savings plans)  a medical technology company specializing in vertebral implants for orthopedic surgery and the distribution of technological medical equipment  today announced the Food and Drug Administration (FDA) 510(k) clearance of its new hybrid fixation system Jazz Spinal System™.As a result of the technological partnership established in November 2022 between IMPLANET and Sanyou Medical  this brand new and unique hybrid fixation system Jazz Spinal System™ encompasses the full range of technological expertise and R&D capabilities of both groups. It features a comprehensive solution of pedicle screws  combined with the most relevant Band implant range on the market  JAZZ ®. Jazz Spinal System™ incorporates the latest developments and innovations in spinal surgery  including a complete system for the treatment of pediatric deformity as well as a comprehensive range of solutions for the treatment of adult spinal pathologies  including minimally invasive approaches. Designed for both traditional open surgery of the thoracolumbar spine and minimally invasive percutaneous fixation  this innovative system also meets the needs of surgeons treating complex deformities.Ludovic Lastennet  IMPLANET's Chief Executive Officer  stated: «Following the technological partnership signed two years ago  we are proud to announce the clearance of a groundbreaking and innovative hybrid fixation system Jazz Spinal System™ in the United States. This milestone demonstrates the full potential of the synergies provided by our partnership with Sanyou Medical. Implanet America's sales teams  revitalized by the implementation of new management at the beginning of the year  will be able to launch the commercialization of this new solution during the summer of 2024. This represents a significant milestone in our development plan in the United States  the leading market for spinal surgery globally  aimed at strengthening our offering in this strategic market. »here or remove ads . 3rd party Ad. Not an offer or recommendation by Investing.com. See disclosureorUpcoming financial event:- 2024 Half-Year Revenue  July 9  2024  after marketAbout IMPLANETFounded in 2007  IMPLANET is a medical technology company that manufactures high-quality implants for orthopedic surgery and distributing medical technology equipment. Its activity revolves around a comprehensive innovative solution for improving the treatment of spinal pathologies (JAZZ ®) complemented by the product range offered by Orthopaedic & Spine Development (OSD)  acquired in May 2021 (thoraco-lumbar screws  cages and cervical plates). Implanet's tried-and-tested orthopedic platform is based on the traceability of its products. Protected by four families of international patents  JAZZ ® has obtained 510(k) regulatory clearance from the Food and Drug Administration (FDA) in the United States  the CE mark in Europe and ANVISA approval in Brazil. In 2022  IMPLANET entered into a commercial  technological and financial partnership with SANYOU MEDICAL  China's second largest medical device manufacturer. IMPLANET employs 43 staff and recorded a consolidated revenue of €7.4 million in 2023. Based near Bordeaux in France  IMPLANET opened a US subsidiary in Boston in 2013. IMPLANET is listed on the Euronext Growth market in Paris.For further information  please visit www.Implanet.com.View source version on businesswire.com: https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20240513147791/en/IMPLANETLudovic Lastennet  CEODavid Dieumegard  CFOTÃ©l. : +33 (0)5 57 99 55 55investors@Implanet.comNewCapInvestor RelationsNicolas FossiezTÃ©l.: +33 (0)1 44 71 94 94Implanet@newcap.euNewCapMedia RelationsArthur RouillÃ©TÃ©l.: +33 (0)1 44 71 94 94Implanet@newcap.euSource: IMPLANET,neutral,0.04,0.95,0.01,negative,0.01,0.21,0.79,True,English,"['New Hybrid Fixation System Jazz Spinal System™', 'FDA Clearance', 'IMPLANET', 'Investing', 'unique hybrid fixation system Jazz Spinal System™', 'second largest medical device manufacturer', 'innovative hybrid fixation system', 'new hybrid fixation system', 'PEA-PME equity savings plans', 'minimally invasive percutaneous fixation', 'relevant Band implant range', 'minimally invasive approaches', 'R&D capabilities', 'Chief Executive Officer', '3rd party Ad.', 'medical technology company', 'medical technology equipment', 'adult spinal pathologies', 'Upcoming financial event', 'traditional open surgery', 'technological medical equipment', '510(k) regulatory clearance', 'comprehensive innovative solution', 'FDA) 510(k) clearance', 'NewCap Media Relations', 'innovative system', 'Euronext Growth market', 'complete system', 'spinal surgery', 'Sanyou Medical', 'comprehensive range', 'new solution', 'comprehensive solution', 'brand new', 'full range', 'new management', 'product range', 'Investor Relations', 'financial partnership', 'orthopedic surgery', 'technological expertise', 'commercial, technological', 'BUSINESS WIRE', 'Regulatory News', 'vertebral implants', 'Drug Administration', 'pedicle screws', 'latest developments', 'pediatric deformity', 'thoracolumbar spine', 'complex deformities', 'Ludovic Lastennet', 'United States', 'full potential', 'sales teams', 'development plan', 'Investing.com', '2024 Half-Year Revenue', 'high-quality implants', 'Spine Development', 'thoraco-lumbar screws', 'cervical plates', 'orthopedic platform', 'four families', 'international patents', 'CE mark', 'ANVISA approval', 'consolidated revenue', 'US subsidiary', 'David Dieumegard', 'TÃ©l', 'Nicolas Fossiez', 'Arthur RouillÃ©', 'technological partnership', 'leading market', 'strategic market', 'significant milestone', 'source version', 'Implanet America', 'JAZZ ®', 'BORDEAUX', 'France', 'BOSTON', 'ALIMP', 'distribution', 'Food', 'result', 'November', 'groups', 'innovations', 'treatment', 'solutions', 'needs', 'surgeons', 'groundbreaking', 'synergies', 'implementation', 'beginning', 'commercialization', 'summer', 'offering', 'ads', 'recommendation', 'disclosureor', 'activity', 'Orthopaedic', 'OSD', 'May', 'cages', 'traceability', 'products', 'Europe', 'Brazil', 'China', '43 staff', 'Paris', 'information', 'businesswire', 'CEO', 'CFO', '5 57']",2024-05-13,2024-05-14,investing.com
40823,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/NEODECORTECH-S-P-A-37892957/news/Neodecortech-S-p-A-Notice-of-availability-of-the-Consolidated-Interim-Management-Statement-at-31-M-46708559/,Neodecortech S p A : Notice of availability of the Consolidated Interim Management Statement at 31 March 2024,(marketscreener.com)   PRESS RELEASE   Neodecortech S.p.A.: notice of availability of the Consolidated Interim Management Statement at 31 March 2024   Filago  13 May 2024   Neodecortech S.p.A.   one of Europe's top players in the production of deco…,"PRESS RELEASENeodecortech S.p.A.: notice of availability of the Consolidated Interim Management Statement at 31 March 2024Filago  13 May 2024Neodecortech S.p.A. (""NDT"" or the ""Company"")  one of Europe's top players in the production of decorative papers for laminated panels and flooring used in interior design  Euronext Milan  market organized and managed by Borsa Italiana S.p.A. - Euronext STAR Milan segment  hereby announces the availability at the registered office  on the Neodecortech website at www.neodecortech.it (Investor/Investor Relations/Financial Statements and Company Documents/2024 section)  as well as on the authorized storage mechanism 1Info at www.1 info.it  of the Consolidated Interim Management Statement at 31 March 2024 approved by the Board of Directors of the Company on 9 May 2024  accompanied by the certification of the Financial Reporting Manager as per Article 154- bis  paragraph 5  of Legislative Decree no. 58 of 24 February 1998  and including the Independent Auditors' limited Report.Neodecortech S.p.A.Neodecortech is one of Europe's top players in the production of decorative papers for laminated panels and flooring used in interior design. The Group's business is in the production of complete and technologically advanced solutions for the realization of interior design projects  covering all stages of the production process for the production of decorative paper  from raw material management  through surface finishing and impregnation  up to the finished product and the management of end-of-line logistics. The Group offers 7 product categories: decorative papers; decorative printings; finish foil; melamine film; PPF and PPLF; laminates; EOS anti-fingerprint surfaces (www.neodecortech.it).ISIN Code ordinary shares: IT0005275778 For further information: Specialist Investor Relator BPER Banca S.p.A. Neodecortech S.p.A. neodecortech@bper.it T +39 035 99 63 02 051-2756537 F +39 035 99 52 25 www. bper.it Luigi Cologni investor.relations@neodecortech.it www.neodecortech.itNeodecortech S.p.A. - Via Provinciale 2  24040 Filago (BG) ItalyTel. +39 035996111 - Fax +39 035995225 - www.neodecortech.itCapitale Sociale Euro 18 804 209.37 i.v.C.F. e R.I. 00725270151 - P. IVA IT 02833670165 - R.E.A. 193331",neutral,0.02,0.97,0.01,neutral,0.01,0.97,0.01,True,English,"['Consolidated Interim Management Statement', 'Neodecortech S', 'Notice', 'availability', '31 March', 'Borsa Italiana S.p.A.', 'BPER Banca S.p.A.', 'authorized storage mechanism 1Info', ""Independent Auditors' limited Report"", 'ISIN Code ordinary shares', 'Consolidated Interim Management Statement', 'Neodecortech S.p.A.', 'Euronext STAR Milan segment', 'R.E.A.', 'Investor/Investor Relations/Financial Statements', 'Financial Reporting Manager', 'technologically advanced solutions', 'raw material management', 'EOS anti-fingerprint surfaces', 'Specialist Investor Relator', 'Luigi Cologni investor', 'Company Documents/2024 section', 'interior design projects', 'Euronext Milan', 'P. IVA', 'R.I.', 'Neodecortech website', 'PRESS RELEASE', 'top players', 'decorative papers', 'laminated panels', 'registered office', 'www.1 info', '4- bis', 'Legislative Decree', 'The Group', 'surface finishing', 'finished product', 'line logistics', '7 product categories', 'decorative printings', 'finish foil', 'melamine film', 'Via Provinciale', 'Capitale Sociale', 'C.F.', 'neodecortech.it', 'production process', 'notice', 'availability', '31 March', 'Filago', '13 May', 'NDT', 'Europe', 'flooring', 'market', 'Board', 'Directors', '9 May', 'certification', 'Article', 'paragraph', '24 February', 'business', 'complete', 'realization', 'stages', 'impregnation', 'PPF', 'PPLF', 'laminates', 'information', 'BG', 'Italy', 'Tel.', 'Fax']",2024-05-13,2024-05-14,marketscreener.com
40824,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/IMPLANET-SA-36846973/news/IMPLANET-Receives-FDA-Clearance-for-Its-New-Hybrid-Fixation-System-Jazz-Spinal-SystemTM-46708230/,IMPLANET Receives FDA Clearance for Its New Hybrid Fixation System Jazz Spinal SystemTM,(marketscreener.com) Regulatory News:IMPLANET   a medical technology company specializing in vertebral implants for orthopedic surgery and the distribution of technological medical equipment  today announced the Food and Drug Administration 510 clearance …,Regulatory News:IMPLANET (Euronext Growth: ALIMP  FR0013470168  eligible for PEA-PME equity savings plans)  a medical technology company specializing in vertebral implants for orthopedic surgery and the distribution of technological medical equipment  today announced the Food and Drug Administration (FDA) 510(k) clearance of its new hybrid fixation system Jazz Spinal SystemTM.As a result of the technological partnership established in November 2022 between IMPLANET and Sanyou Medical  this brand new and unique hybrid fixation system Jazz Spinal SystemTM encompasses the full range of technological expertise and R&D capabilities of both groups. It features a comprehensive solution of pedicle screws  combined with the most relevant Band implant range on the market  JAZZ®. Jazz Spinal SystemTM incorporates the latest developments and innovations in spinal surgery  including a complete system for the treatment of pediatric deformity as well as a comprehensive range of solutions for the treatment of adult spinal pathologies  including minimally invasive approaches. Designed for both traditional open surgery of the thoracolumbar spine and minimally invasive percutaneous fixation  this innovative system also meets the needs of surgeons treating complex deformities.Ludovic Lastennet  IMPLANET’s Chief Executive Officer  stated: «Following the technological partnership signed two years ago  we are proud to announce the clearance of a groundbreaking and innovative hybrid fixation system Jazz Spinal SystemTM in the United States. This milestone demonstrates the full potential of the synergies provided by our partnership with Sanyou Medical. Implanet America's sales teams  revitalized by the implementation of new management at the beginning of the year  will be able to launch the commercialization of this new solution during the summer of 2024. This represents a significant milestone in our development plan in the United States  the leading market for spinal surgery globally  aimed at strengthening our offering in this strategic market. »Upcoming financial event:- 2024 Half-Year Revenue  July 9  2024  after marketAbout IMPLANETFounded in 2007  IMPLANET is a medical technology company that manufactures high-quality implants for orthopedic surgery and distributing medical technology equipment. Its activity revolves around a comprehensive innovative solution for improving the treatment of spinal pathologies (JAZZ®) complemented by the product range offered by Orthopaedic & Spine Development (OSD)  acquired in May 2021 (thoraco-lumbar screws  cages and cervical plates). Implanet’s tried-and-tested orthopedic platform is based on the traceability of its products. Protected by four families of international patents  JAZZ® has obtained 510(k) regulatory clearance from the Food and Drug Administration (FDA) in the United States  the CE mark in Europe and ANVISA approval in Brazil. In 2022  IMPLANET entered into a commercial  technological and financial partnership with SANYOU MEDICAL  China's second largest medical device manufacturer. IMPLANET employs 43 staff and recorded a consolidated revenue of €7.4 million in 2023. Based near Bordeaux in France  IMPLANET opened a US subsidiary in Boston in 2013. IMPLANET is listed on the Euronext Growth market in Paris.For further information  please visit www.Implanet.com.View source version on businesswire.com: https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20240513147791/en/,neutral,0.03,0.96,0.0,neutral,0.06,0.93,0.01,True,English,"['New Hybrid Fixation System', 'Jazz Spinal SystemTM', 'FDA Clearance', 'IMPLANET', 'second largest medical device manufacturer', 'PEA-PME equity savings plans', 'unique hybrid fixation system', 'minimally invasive percutaneous fixation', 'relevant Band implant range', 'innovative hybrid fixation system', 'new hybrid fixation system', 'minimally invasive approaches', 'R&D capabilities', 'Chief Executive Officer', 'medical technology company', 'medical technology equipment', 'Upcoming financial event', 'traditional open surgery', 'adult spinal pathologies', 'technological medical equipment', '510(k) regulatory clearance', 'Jazz Spinal SystemTM', 'comprehensive innovative solution', 'FDA) 510(k) clearance', 'Euronext Growth market', 'innovative system', 'complete system', 'Sanyou Medical', 'comprehensive range', 'new solution', 'spinal surgery', 'comprehensive solution', 'brand new', 'full range', 'new management', 'product range', 'financial partnership', 'orthopedic surgery', 'technological expertise', 'commercial, technological', 'Regulatory News', 'vertebral implants', 'Drug Administration', 'pedicle screws', 'latest developments', 'pediatric deformity', 'thoracolumbar spine', 'complex deformities', 'Ludovic Lastennet', 'United States', 'full potential', 'sales teams', 'development plan', '2024 Half-Year Revenue', 'high-quality implants', 'Spine Development', 'thoraco-lumbar screws', 'cervical plates', 'orthopedic platform', 'four families', 'international patents', 'CE mark', 'ANVISA approval', 'consolidated revenue', 'US subsidiary', 'source version', 'technological partnership', 'leading market', 'strategic market', 'significant milestone', 'Implanet America', 'JAZZ®', 'ALIMP', 'distribution', 'Food', 'result', 'November', 'groups', 'innovations', 'treatment', 'solutions', 'needs', 'surgeons', 'groundbreaking', 'synergies', 'implementation', 'beginning', 'commercialization', 'summer', 'offering', 'activity', 'Orthopaedic', 'OSD', 'May', 'cages', 'traceability', 'products', 'Europe', 'Brazil', 'China', '43 staff', 'Bordeaux', 'France', 'Boston', 'Paris', 'information', 'businesswire']",2024-05-13,2024-05-14,marketscreener.com
40825,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2024/05/13/2880716/0/en/BIC-Disclosure-of-total-number-of-voting-rights-and-number-of-shares-forming-the-capital-as-of-April-30-2024.html,BIC: Disclosure of total number of voting rights and number of shares forming the capital as of April 30  2024,Disclosure of total number of voting rights andnumber of shares forming the capitalas of April 30  2024  CLICHY – May 13  2024  Article L 233-8-II of...,Disclosure of total number of voting rights andnumber of shares forming the capitalas of April 30  2024CLICHY – May 13  2024Article L 233-8-II of the French “Code de Commerce” and Article 223-16 of the General Regulations of the French “Autorité des Marchés Financiers”.As of April 30  2024  the total number of issued shares of SOCIÉTÉ BIC is 42 270 689 shares  representing:62 763 490 voting rights 62 288 258 voting rights excluding shares without voting rightsABOUT BICA world leader in stationery  lighters and shavers  BIC brings simplicity and joy to everyday Life. For more than 75 years  the Company has honored the tradition of providing high-quality  affordable  essential products to consumers everywhere. Through this unwavering dedication  BIC has become one of the most recognized brands and is a trademark registered worldwide. Today  BIC products are sold in more than 160 countries around the world and feature iconic brands such as BIC Kids™  BIC FlexTM  BodyMark by BICTM  Cello®  Djeep  Lucky Stationary  Rocketbook  Soleil®  Tipp-Ex®  Us. TM  Wite-Out®  Inkbox  and more. In 2023  BIC Net Sales were €2 263 million. The Company is listed on Euronext Paris  is part of the SBF120 and CAC Mid 60 indexes and is recognized for its commitment to sustainable development and education. It has received an A- Leadership score from CDP. For more  visit www.bic.com or follow us on LinkedIn  Instagram  Twitter  or YouTube.CONTACTSInvestor Relations teaminvestors.info@bicworld.comBrice ParisVP Investor Relations+33 1 45 19 55 28brice.paris@bicworld.comIsabelle de SegonzacImage 7  Press Relations contact+ 33 6 89 87 61 39isegonzac@image7.fr2024 AgendaAll dates to be confirmed2024 Annual General Meeting May 29  2024 2nd Quarter and 1st Half 2024 Results July 31  2024 (post market close) 3rd Quarter and 9 Months 2024 Results October 23  2024 (post market close)Attachment,neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,neutral,0.05,0.94,0.01,True,English,"['voting rights', 'total number', 'BIC', 'Disclosure', 'shares', 'capital', 'April', 'French “Autorité des Marchés Financiers', 'high-quality, affordable, essential products', 'French “Code de', 'CAC Mid 60 indexes', 'A- Leadership score', 'Investor Relations team', 'VP Investor Relations', 'Press Relations contact', '2024 Annual General Meeting', '1st Half 2024 Results', 'SOCIÉTÉ BIC', 'BIC Net Sales', 'BIC products', 'General Regulations', 'Isabelle de', 'voting rights', 'everyday Life', 'unwavering dedication', 'recognized brands', 'iconic brands', 'Lucky Stationary', 'sustainable development', '2nd Quarter', '3rd Quarter', 'BIC Kids™', 'BIC FlexTM', 'bic.com', 'total number', 'Euronext Paris', 'Article L', 'world leader', 'post market', 'Brice Paris', 'Disclosure', 'shares', 'capital', 'April', 'CLICHY', 'May', 'Commerce', 'ABOUT', 'stationery', 'lighters', 'shavers', 'simplicity', 'joy', '75 years', 'Company', 'tradition', 'consumers', 'trademark', '160 countries', 'BodyMark', 'BICTM', 'Cello®', 'Djeep', 'Rocketbook', 'Soleil®', 'Tipp', 'Ex®', 'Wite-Out®', 'Inkbox', 'part', 'SBF120', 'commitment', 'education', 'CDP', 'LinkedIn', 'Instagram', 'Twitter', 'YouTube', 'CONTACTS', 'bicworld', 'Segonzac', 'Image', '2024 Agenda', 'dates', '9 Months', 'Attachment']",2024-05-13,2024-05-14,globenewswire.com
40826,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/COMER-INDUSTRIES-S-P-A-55886715/news/Comer-Industries-S-p-A-NOTICE-OF-FILING-OF-THE-MINUTES-OF-THE-SHAREHOLDERS-MEETING-OF-23-APRILE-2-46708755/,Comer Industries S p A : NOTICE OF FILING OF THE MINUTES OF THE SHAREHOLDERS' MEETING OF 23 APRILE 2024,(marketscreener.com)   PRESS RELEASE   NOTICE OF FILING OF THE MINUTES OF THE SHAREHOLDERS' MEETING OF 23 APRILE 2024   ***   Reggiolo  13 May 2024 - Comer Industries S.p.A. announces that the minutes of the ordinary Shareholders' Meeting held on 2…,"PRESS RELEASENOTICE OF FILING OF THE MINUTES OF THE SHAREHOLDERS' MEETING OF 23 APRILE 2024***Reggiolo  13 May 2024 - Comer Industries S.p.A. (""Company"") announces that the minutes of the ordinary Shareholders' Meeting held on 23 April 2024 have been made available to the public at the Company's registered office  in Via Magellano 27  Reggiolo (RE)  and on the Company's website www.comerindustries.com in the ""Governance/Shareholders' Meeting"" section and through the authorized storage mechanism eMarket Storage at www.emarketstorage.com.***This press release is also available on the Company's website at www.comerindustries.com  in the Investor Relations section.***Comer Industries  with registered office in Reggiolo (Reggio Emilia  Italy) and listed on Borsa Italiana's Euronext Milan market  is the world leader in the design and manufacture of advanced engineering systems and mechatronic solutions for power transmissions. The company operates in the fields of agricultural machinery  construction  wind power  and electric vehicle motors and transmissions. Founded in 1970  Comer Industries has grown over the years and today has 14 production areas worldwide and around 4 000 employees. Corporate website: www.comerindustries.com.***Contacts: Comer Industries - Investor Relations Barabino & Partners - Media Relations Alessandro Brizzi Ferdinando de Bellis Carlotta Bernardi ir@comerindustries.com f.debellis@barabino.it c.bernardi@barabino.it +39 0522 974111 +39 339 1872266 +39 333 9477814Comer Industries S.p.A.Via Magellano 27 - 42046 Reggiolo (RE) Italy -www.comerindustries.com- Email:info@comerindustries.comTel: +39 0522 974111 - Fax: +39 0522 973249Registered in the Modena Business Register no. 07210440157 - Share Capital 18 487 338.60 euros fully paid-up - Tax Code 07210440157 - VATd IT 01399270352",neutral,0.02,0.98,0.0,neutral,0.07,0.91,0.02,True,English,"['Comer Industries', ""SHAREHOLDERS' MEETING"", 'NOTICE', 'FILING', 'THE', 'MINUTES', '23 APRILE', 'Alessandro Brizzi Ferdinando de Bellis Carlotta Bernardi', 'Comer Industries S.p.A.', 'Euronext Milan market', 'advanced engineering systems', 'electric vehicle motors', 'Modena Business Register', 'Governance/Shareholders\' Meeting"" section', 'Investor Relations section', 'authorized storage mechanism', ""ordinary Shareholders' Meeting"", 'Investor Relations Barabino', 'Media Relations', 'eMarket Storage', 'PRESS RELEASE', 'Via Magellano', 'Reggio Emilia', 'Borsa Italiana', 'world leader', 'mechatronic solutions', 'agricultural machinery', 'wind power', '14 production areas', 'Share Capital', 'Tax Code', 'registered office', 'power transmissions', 'Corporate website', 'NOTICE', 'FILING', 'THE', 'MINUTES', '23 APRILE', 'Reggiolo', '13 May', 'Company', 'public', 'comerindustries', 'emarketstorage', 'Italy', 'design', 'manufacture', 'fields', 'construction', 'years', '4,000 employees', 'Contacts', 'Partners', 'debellis', 'Email', 'comTel', 'Fax', 'VAT', '42046', '0522', '8.60']",2024-05-13,2024-05-14,marketscreener.com
40827,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.hospitalitynet.org/news/4121917.html,Dalata Hotel Group announces €3 million brand refresh,Dalata Hotel Group  the largest hotel operator in Ireland  with a growing presence in the United Kingdom and continental Europe  announces a major repositioning of its core brands and customer proposition. This marks the most significant investment in its bra…,Driven by Dalata’s ambitious growth plan and expansion into new geographiesFocused on delivering unified messaging and fostering closer relationships with its expanding customer baseRepresents a brand investment of more than €3 millionDublin  London - Dalata Hotel Group  the largest hotel operator in Ireland  with a growing presence in the United Kingdom and continental Europe  announces a major repositioning of its core brands and customer proposition. This marks the most significant investment in its brands since the formation of the Dalata Hotel Group  as it continues to deliver on its ambitious growth strategy and recognises the critical role that brands have to play across its target markets.As part of this investment  the Group’s three main brands  Dalata Hotel Group  Clayton Hotels and Maldron Hotels have all been redefined  resulting in both a clearer visual identity and stronger market positioning. The new visuals  alongside the carefully redefined messaging will support Dalata in fostering closer relationships with its customer base  throughout the customer journey  as the brands become increasingly recognisable. The brand repositioning is currently being rolled out across the Group’s hotels. The project commenced in 2023  with consumer research and brand design which has led to the creation of new websites  brand imagery  brand creative and advertising campaigns.Dalata are investing a total of €3 million in the project. New internal and external signage will be installed over the next 12 months across the portfolio. Dalata has grown steadily since its foundation in 2007 and is now Ireland’s largest hotel operator with a fast-growing presence in the UK and continental Europe  employing more than 5 500 people. Its portfolio currently comprises 53 hotels with a pipeline of four further hotels due to open in the UK this year  in Manchester  Liverpool  London and Brighton.The overall growth of the business and its expansion into new geographies are the major drivers behind the brand refresh. Research and insights were central to the brand refresh process  which began over a year ago with the establishment of the Dalata Customer Panel. Through customer interaction  including in-depth customer interviews  in Ireland  the UK  Germany and the Netherlands  the panel aimed to gain the relevant insights required to elevate the voice of the customer across the business.As part of this research the Group identified that its brands would benefit from a clearer visual identity and more evolved messaging  that would ensure the customer understood what to expect when staying at a Dalata hotel.We are very excited to relaunch our brands today. The relaunch is the culmination of more than a year’s work researching how our customers perceive us and developing a better understanding of their hospitality needs. As we continue our ambitious growth plan across Ireland  the UK and continental Europe  our refreshed brands will deliver more impactful customer communications  easier online journeys and a stronger understanding of Dalata’s unique customer proposition. Roma O’Connor  Chief Marketing Officer at Dalata Hotel GroupOur continuous growth since 2007 has established Dalata as the largest hotel operator in Ireland  with significant operations in the UK and a growing presence in continental Europe. Throughout this time  Dalata’s difference has always been our people and their customer focus. As we continue on our growth path  and expand into new markets  our refreshed brands will give our people a unified understanding of what customers want and how they can interact with their guests every day  ensuring that every guest experiences the Heart of Hospitality. Dermot Crowley  CEO of Dalata Hotel GroupIntroducing the new brandsDalata -The Heart of Hospitality Dalata’s core philosophy is that hospitality is all about people. The Group’s difference has always been its people  and the refreshed brands represent just that. Dalata’s people  through their individuality and charm  deliver the difference that sets it apart from its competitors. In essence  Dalata’s service is The Heart of Hospitality. The Group’s Clayton and Maldron Hotel brands have also been refreshed to represent the unique way in which each brand  within the group  cares for its guests.Clayton - It’s Personal The new Clayton Hotels tagline ‘It’s Personal’ highlights the personal touch and human connection that really matters to customers. Each team member brings their own difference to deliver personable hospitality  making sure guests feel appreciated through a sincere smile  remembering individual guests’ names  listening to them as customers and showing them that their stay matters.Maldron - It Starts Here Maldron Hotels  new tagline ‘It Starts Here’ emphasises that due to their excellent locations  Maldron Hotels are an epic basecamp for customers as they begin unforgettable experiences. From the moment guests arrive  they’ll encounter a welcoming environment filled with positive energy. Guest services will be enhanced as hotel staff provide insightful local tips  ensuring that each visit to a Maldron Hotel is a great visit.Dalata was supported extensively by its agency partners TBWA and Publicis on the brand refresh. TBWA supported the design and brand positioning aspects of the programme and Publicis supported the advertising campaign. The refreshed brands will be promoted in the coming months through an extensive multimedia advertising campaign  across Video on Demand  Out of Home  Social Media  Cinema and Display platforms in Ireland  the UK  Germany and the Netherlands. All 5 500 Dalata team members will participate in online training relating to the brand refresh in the coming months  while further in-person-training will take place throughout the organisation  later in the year.About DalataDalata Hotel Group plc was founded in August 2007 and listed as a plc in March 2014. Dalata is Ireland's largest hotel operator  with a growing presence in the UK and continental Europe. The Group's portfolio comprises 53 three and four-star hotels with 11 412 rooms and a pipeline of over 1 300 rooms. The Group currently has 32 owned hotels  18 leased hotels and three management contracts. Dalata successfully operates Ireland's two largest hotel brands  the Clayton and the Maldron Hotels. For the period ended 30 June 2023  Dalata reported revenue of €284.8 million and a profit after tax of €42.0 million. Dalata is listed on the Main Market of Euronext Dublin (DHG) and the London Stock Exchange (DAL). For further information visit: www.dalatahotelgroup.com,neutral,0.11,0.88,0.01,positive,0.7,0.28,0.01,True,English,"['Dalata Hotel Group', '€3 million brand refresh', 'new Clayton Hotels tagline', 'clearer visual identity', 'easier online journeys', 'Roma O’Connor', 'Chief Marketing Officer', 'largest hotel operator', 'ambitious growth plan', 'ambitious growth strategy', 'stronger market positioning', 'depth customer interviews', 'impactful customer communications', 'expanding customer base', 'three main brands', 'brand refresh process', 'individual guests’ names', 'unique customer proposition', 'Dalata Hotel Group', 'Maldron Hotel brands', 'Dalata Customer Panel', 'new tagline', 'hotel staff', 'overall growth', 'continuous growth', 'growth path', 'unique way', 'customer journey', 'customer interaction', 'customer focus', 'new geographies', 'new visuals', 'new websites', 'New internal', 'new markets', 'stronger understanding', 'The Group', 'closer relationships', 'growing presence', 'United Kingdom', 'continental Europe', 'major repositioning', 'critical role', 'target markets', 'brand repositioning', 'brand design', 'brand imagery', 'brand creative', 'advertising campaigns', 'external signage', 'next 12 months', 'major drivers', 'a year', 'significant operations', 'Dermot Crowley', 'core philosophy', 'personal touch', 'human connection', 'team member', 'sincere smile', 'excellent locations', 'epic basecamp', 'unforgettable experiences', 'welcoming environment', 'positive energy', 'new brands', 'Maldron Hotels', 'brand investment', 'core brands', 'significant investment', 'refreshed brands', 'unified understanding', 'The Heart', 'relevant insights', 'hospitality needs', 'personable hospitality', 'Guest services', 'unified messaging', 'consumer research', 'Hospitality Dalata', '53 hotels', 'expansion', 'Dublin', 'London', 'Ireland', 'formation', 'part', 'project', 'creation', 'total', 'portfolio', 'foundation', 'fast', 'UK', '5,500 people', 'pipeline', 'four', 'Manchester', 'Liverpool', 'Brighton', 'business', 'establishment', 'Germany', 'Netherlands', 'voice', 'relaunch', 'culmination', 'work', 'customers', 'time', 'difference', 'CEO', 'individuality', 'charm', 'competitors', 'essence', 'stay', 'moment']",2024-05-13,2024-05-14,hospitalitynet.org
40828,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/AB-SCIENCE-6133795/news/AB-Science-announces-issuance-of-a-European-patent-for-masitinib-in-the-treatment-of-severe-mastocyt-46708360/,AB Science announces issuance of a European patent for masitinib in the treatment of severe mastocytosis with protection until 2036,(marketscreener.com) PRESS RELEASE AB SCIENCE ANNOUNCES ISSUANCE OF A EUROPEAN PATENT FOR MASITINIB IN THE TREATMENT OF SEVERE MASTOCYTOSIS WITH PROTECTION UNTIL 2036 Paris  May 13  2024  6pm CET AB Science SA today announced that the European patent office h…,"PRESS RELEASEAB SCIENCE ANNOUNCES ISSUANCE OF A EUROPEAN PATENT FOR MASITINIB IN THE TREATMENT OF SEVERE MASTOCYTOSIS WITH PROTECTION UNTIL 2036Paris  May 13  2024  6pm CETAB Science SA (Euronext - FR0010557264 - AB) today announced that the European patent office has issued a Grant Decision for a patent relating to methods of treating severe mastocytosis with its lead compound masitinib (patent EP 3359195A1). This new European patent provides intellectual property (IP) protection for masitinib in this indication until October 2036 and adds to IP coverage already granted in the USA (US 10045978B2) and Japan (JP 6801892B2).Masitinib is positioned as a treatment of severely symptomatic systemic mastocytosis patients  including the subvariants of indolent and smoldering systemic mastocytosis  who are unresponsive to optimal symptomatic treatment. More specifically  this patent provides protection of masitinib and related compounds for treatment of systemic mastocytosis in a patient population presenting with at least two severe mast cell mediator release associated symptoms  selected from pruritus  flushes or depression (Hamilton rating scale). This patient population is consistent with results from masitinib study AB06006 [1] and also the on-going clinical development program of masitinib in severe systemic mastocytosis.Masitinib has also received orphan drug designation for mastocytosis from both the European Medicines Agency (EMA) and the US Food and Drug Administration (FDA). This orphan drug designation provides 10 and 7 years of market exclusivity in Europe and the United States respectively  subsequent to product approval.The same medical use patent strategy had been successfully pursued in amyotrophic lateral sclerosis  with patent granted worldwide until 2037  and is being pursued in other indications such as multiple sclerosis  Alzheimer’s disease for protection until 2041  and in prostate cancer until 2042.Reference[1] Lortholary O  Chandesris MO  Bulai Livideanu C  et al. Masitinib for treatment of severely symptomatic indolent systemic mastocytosis: a randomised  placebo-controlled  phase 3 study. Lancet. 2017;389(10069):612-620.About Indolent Systemic MastocytosisIndolent systemic mastocytosis (ISM) is a hematological disease characterized by an abnormal number and activation of mast cells in the bone marrow and other organs. The disease if characterized by multiple symptoms that are disabling and can in some cases be life-threatening. Symptoms associated ISM are predominantly associated with neurological disorders (depression  fatigue  cognitive impairment  headache)  skin disorders (pruritus  skin lesions)  flushing and gastro-intestinal disorders. ISM affects approximately 40 000 people in Europe and 25 000 in the USA. There is currently a high unmet medical need in this population.About masitinibMasitinib is a orally administered tyrosine kinase inhibitor that targets mast cells and macrophages  important cells for immunity  through inhibiting a limited number of kinases. Based on its unique mechanism of action  masitinib can be developed in a large number of conditions in oncology  in inflammatory diseases  and in certain diseases of the central nervous system. In oncology due to its immunotherapy effect  masitinib can have an effect on survival  alone or in combination with chemotherapy. Through its activity on mast cells and microglia and consequently the inhibition of the activation of the inflammatory process  masitinib can have an effect on the symptoms associated with some inflammatory and central nervous system diseases and the degeneration of these diseases.About AB ScienceFounded in 2001  AB Science is a pharmaceutical company specializing in the research  development and commercialization of protein kinase inhibitors (PKIs)  a class of targeted proteins whose action are key in signaling pathways within cells. Our programs target only diseases with high unmet medical needs  often lethal with short term survival or rare or refractory to previous line of treatment.AB Science has developed a proprietary portfolio of molecules and the Company’s lead compound  masitinib  has already been registered for veterinary medicine and is developed in human medicine in oncology  neurological diseases  inflammatory diseases and viral diseases. The company is headquartered in Paris  France  and listed on Euronext Paris (ticker: AB).Further information is available on AB Science’s website: www.ab-science.com.Forward-looking Statements - AB ScienceThis press release contains forward-looking statements. These statements are not historical facts. These statements include projections and estimates as well as the assumptions on which they are based  statements based on projects  objectives  intentions and expectations regarding financial results  events  operations  future services  product development and their potential or future performance.These forward-looking statements can often be identified by the words ""expect""  ""anticipate""  ""believe""  ""intend""  ""estimate"" or ""plan"" as well as other similar terms. While AB Science believes these forward-looking statements are reasonable  investors are cautioned that these forward-looking statements are subject to numerous risks and uncertainties that are difficult to predict and generally beyond the control of AB Science and which may imply that results and actual events significantly differ from those expressed  induced or anticipated in the forward-looking information and statements. These risks and uncertainties include the uncertainties related to product development of the Company which may not be successful or to the marketing authorizations granted by competent authorities or  more generally  any factors that may affect marketing capacity of the products developed by AB Science  as well as those developed or identified in the public documents published by AB Science. AB Science disclaims any obligation or undertaking to update the forward-looking information and statements  subject to the applicable regulations  in particular articles 223-1 et seq. of the AMF General Regulations.For additional information  please contact:AB ScienceFinancial Communication & Media Relationsinvestors@ab-science.comAttachment",neutral,0.06,0.89,0.05,negative,0.02,0.29,0.69,True,English,"['AB Science', 'European patent', 'severe mastocytosis', 'issuance', 'masitinib', 'treatment', 'protection', 'two severe mast cell mediator release', 'same medical use patent strategy', 'high unmet medical need', 'randomised, placebo-controlled, phase 3 study', 'symptomatic systemic mastocytosis patients', 'central nervous system diseases', 'AB SCIENCE ANNOUNCES ISSUANCE', 'symptomatic indolent systemic mastocytosis', 'severe systemic mastocytosis', 'Hamilton rating scale', 'Bulai Livideanu C', 'tyrosine kinase inhibitor', 'protein kinase inhibitors', 'smoldering systemic mastocytosis', 'European Medicines Agency', 'orphan drug designation', 'amyotrophic lateral sclerosis', 'European patent office', 'new European patent', 'clinical development program', 'short term survival', 'optimal symptomatic treatment', 'AB Science SA', 'lead compound masitinib', 'SEVERE MASTOCYTOSIS', 'PRESS RELEASE', 'mast cells', 'Drug Administration', 'multiple sclerosis', 'patent EP', 'masitinib study', 'Grant Decision', 'intellectual property', 'IP coverage', 'related compounds', 'US Food', 'market exclusivity', 'United States', 'product approval', 'other indications', 'prostate cancer', 'Lortholary O', 'Chandesris MO', 'abnormal number', 'bone marrow', 'other organs', 'neurological disorders', 'cognitive impairment', 'skin disorders', 'skin lesions', 'gastro-intestinal disorders', 'limited number', 'unique mechanism', 'large number', 'targeted proteins', 'previous line', 'proprietary portfolio', 'veterinary medicine', 'human medicine', 'Further information', 'historical facts', 'future services', 'product development', 'future performance', 'neurological diseases', 'viral diseases', 'important cells', 'inflammatory process', 'patient population', 'inflammatory diseases', 'PROTECTION UNTIL', 'IP) protection', 'Forward-looking Statements', 'financial results', 'hematological disease', 'immunotherapy effect', 'pharmaceutical company', 'multiple symptoms', 'Euronext Paris', 'May', '6pm', 'methods', 'October', 'USA', 'Japan', 'JP', 'subvariants', 'pruritus', 'flushes', 'depression', 'FDA', '7 years', 'Alzheimer', 'Reference', 'Lancet', 'activation', 'cases', 'fatigue', 'headache', 'flushing', '40,000 people', 'macrophages', 'immunity', 'kinases', 'action', 'conditions', 'oncology', 'combination', 'chemotherapy', 'activity', 'microglia', 'inhibition', 'degeneration', 'research', 'commercialization', 'PKIs', 'class', 'pathways', 'programs', 'molecules', 'France', 'ticker', 'website', 'projections', 'estimates', 'assumptions', 'projects', 'objectives', 'intentions', 'expectations', 'events', 'operations', 'potential', 'words', 'plan', '10']",2024-05-13,2024-05-14,marketscreener.com
40829,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.investing.com/news/press-releases/ab-science-announces-issuance-of-a-european-patent-for-masitinib-in-the-treatment-of-severe-mastocytosis-with-protection-until-2036-93CH-3437635,AB Science announces issuance of a European patent for masitinib in the treatment of severe mastocytosis with protection until 2036 By Investing.com,AB Science announces issuance of a European patent for masitinib in the treatment of severe mastocytosis with protection until 2036,"PRESS RELEASEAB SCIENCE ANNOUNCES ISSUANCE OF A EUROPEAN PATENT FOR MASITINIB IN THE TREA™ENT OF SEVERE MASTOCYTOSIS WITH PROTECTION UNTIL 2036Paris  May 13  2024  6pm CETAB Science SA (Euronext - FR0010557264 - AB) today announced that the European patent office has issued a Grant Decision for a patent relating to methods of treating severe mastocytosis with its lead compound masitinib (patent EP 3359195A1). This new European patent provides intellectual property (IP) protection for masitinib in this indication until October 2036 and adds to IP coverage already granted in the USA (US 10045978B2) and Japan (JP 6801892B2).Masitinib is positioned as a treatment of severely symptomatic systemic mastocytosis patients  including the subvariants of indolent and smoldering systemic mastocytosis  who are unresponsive to optimal symptomatic treatment. More specifically  this patent provides protection of masitinib and related compounds for treatment of systemic mastocytosis in a patient population presenting with at least two severe mast cell mediator release associated symptoms  selected from pruritus  flushes or depression (Hamilton rating scale). This patient population is consistent with results from masitinib study AB06006 [1] and also the on-going clinical development program of masitinib in severe systemic mastocytosis.Masitinib has also received orphan drug designation for mastocytosis from both the European Medicines Agency (EMA) and the US Food and Drug Administration (FDA). This orphan drug designation provides 10 and 7 years of market exclusivity in Europe and the United States respectively  subsequent to product approval.The same medical use patent strategy had been successfully pursued in amyotrophic lateral sclerosis  with patent granted worldwide until 2037  and is being pursued in other indications such as multiple sclerosis  Alzheimer's disease for protection until 2041  and in prostate cancer until 2042.here or remove ads . 3rd party Ad. Not an offer or recommendation by Investing.com. See disclosureorReference[1] Lortholary O  Chandesris MO  Bulai Livideanu C  et al. Masitinib for treatment of severely symptomatic indolent systemic mastocytosis: a randomised  placebo-controlled  phase 3 study. Lancet. 2017;389(10069):612-620.About Indolent Systemic MastocytosisIndolent systemic mastocytosis (ISM) is a hematological disease characterized by an abnormal number and activation of mast cells in the bone marrow and other organs. The disease if characterized by multiple symptoms that are disabling and can in some cases be life-threatening. Symptoms associated ISM are predominantly associated with neurological disorders (depression  fatigue  cognitive impairment  headache)  skin disorders (pruritus  skin lesions)  flushing and gastro-intestinal disorders. ISM affects approximately 40 000 people in Europe and 25 000 in the USA. There is currently a high unmet medical need in this population.About masitinibMasitinib is a orally administered tyrosine kinase inhibitor that targets mast cells and macrophages  important cells for immunity  through inhibiting a limited number of kinases. Based on its unique mechanism of action  masitinib can be developed in a large number of conditions in oncology  in inflammatory diseases  and in certain diseases of the central nervous system. In oncology due to its immunotherapy effect  masitinib can have an effect on survival  alone or in combination with chemotherapy. Through its activity on mast cells and microglia and consequently the inhibition of the activation of the inflammatory process  masitinib can have an effect on the symptoms associated with some inflammatory and central nervous system diseases and the degeneration of these diseases.About AB ScienceFounded in 2001  AB Science is a pharmaceutical company specializing in the research  development and commercialization of protein kinase inhibitors (PKIs)  a class of targeted proteins whose action are key in signaling pathways within cells. Our programs target only diseases with high unmet medical needs  often lethal with short term survival or rare or refractory to previous line of treatment.here or remove ads . 3rd party Ad. Not an offer or recommendation by Investing.com. See disclosureorAB Science has developed a proprietary portfolio of molecules and the Company's lead compound  masitinib  has already been registered for veterinary medicine and is developed in human medicine in oncology  neurological diseases  inflammatory diseases and viral diseases. The company is headquartered in Paris  France  and listed on Euronext Paris (ticker: AB).Further information is available on AB Science's website: www.ab-science.com.Forward-looking Statements - AB ScienceThis press release contains forward-looking statements. These statements are not historical facts. These statements include projections and estimates as well as the assumptions on which they are based  statements based on projects  objectives  intentions and expectations regarding financial results  events  operations  future services  product development and their potential or future performance.These forward-looking statements can often be identified by the words ""expect""  ""anticipate""  ""believe""  ""intend""  ""estimate"" or ""plan"" as well as other similar terms. While AB Science believes these forward-looking statements are reasonable  investors are cautioned that these forward-looking statements are subject to numerous risks and uncertainties that are difficult to predict and generally beyond the control of AB Science and which may imply that results and actual events significantly differ from those expressed  induced or anticipated in the forward-looking information and statements. These risks and uncertainties include the uncertainties related to product development of the Company which may not be successful or to the marketing authorizations granted by competent authorities or  more generally  any factors that may affect marketing capacity of the products developed by AB Science  as well as those developed or identified in the public documents published by AB Science. AB Science disclaims any obligation or undertaking to update the forward-looking information and statements  subject to the applicable regulations  in particular articles 223-1 et seq. of the AMF General Regulations.here or remove ads . 3rd party Ad. Not an offer or recommendation by Investing.com. See disclosureorFor additional information  please contact:AB ScienceFinancial Communication & Media Relations investors@ab-science.comAttachment",neutral,0.03,0.88,0.09,negative,0.01,0.2,0.78,True,English,"['AB Science', 'European patent', 'severe mastocytosis', 'Investing.com', 'issuance', 'masitinib', 'treatment', 'protection', 'two severe mast cell mediator release', 'same medical use patent strategy', 'Indolent Systemic MastocytosisIndolent systemic mastocytosis', 'high unmet medical need', 'randomised, placebo-controlled, phase 3 study', 'symptomatic systemic mastocytosis patients', 'symptomatic indolent systemic mastocytosis', 'AB SCIENCE ANNOUNCES ISSUANCE', 'central nervous system diseases', 'severe systemic mastocytosis', 'smoldering systemic mastocytosis', 'Hamilton rating scale', '3rd party Ad.', 'Bulai Livideanu C', 'tyrosine kinase inhibitor', 'protein kinase inhibitors', 'European Medicines Agency', 'amyotrophic lateral sclerosis', 'optimal symptomatic treatment', 'European patent office', 'new European patent', 'clinical development program', 'short term survival', 'AB Science SA', 'orphan drug designation', 'lead compound masitinib', 'SEVERE MASTOCYTOSIS', 'PRESS RELEASE', 'mast cells', 'multiple sclerosis', 'Drug Administration', 'patent EP', 'masitinib study', 'AB ScienceFounded', 'AB ScienceThis', 'TREA™ENT', 'Grant Decision', 'intellectual property', 'IP coverage', 'related compounds', 'US Food', 'market exclusivity', 'United States', 'product approval', 'other indications', 'prostate cancer', 'Investing.com', 'Lortholary O', 'Chandesris MO', 'abnormal number', 'bone marrow', 'other organs', 'neurological disorders', 'cognitive impairment', 'skin disorders', 'skin lesions', 'gastro-intestinal disorders', 'limited number', 'unique mechanism', 'large number', 'previous line', 'proprietary portfolio', 'veterinary medicine', 'human medicine', 'Further information', 'historical facts', 'future services', 'product devel', 'neurological diseases', 'viral diseases', 'important cells', 'inflammatory process', 'patient population', 'inflammatory diseases', 'PROTECTION UNTIL', 'IP) protection', 'disclosureor Reference', 'financial results', 'Forward-looking Statements', 'hematological disease', 'immunotherapy effect', 'pharmaceutical company', 'multiple symptoms', 'Euronext Paris', 'May', '6pm', 'methods', 'October', 'USA', 'Japan', 'JP', 'subvariants', 'pruritus', 'flushes', 'depression', 'FDA', '7 years', 'Alzheimer', 'ads', 'offer', 'recommendation', 'Lancet', 'activation', 'cases', 'fatigue', 'headache', '40,000 people', 'masitinibMasitinib', 'macrophages', 'immunity', 'kinases', 'action', 'conditions', 'oncology', 'combination', 'chemotherapy', 'activity', 'microglia', 'inhibition', 'degeneration', 'research', 'commercialization', 'PKIs', 'class', 'targeted', 'proteins', 'pathways', 'programs', 'molecules', 'France', 'website', 'projections', 'estimates', 'assumptions', 'projects', 'objectives', 'intentions', 'expectations', 'events', 'operations', '10']",2024-05-13,2024-05-14,investing.com
40830,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2024/05/13/2880712/0/en/Issue-of-new-VINCI-shares-reserved-for-the-employees-of-foreign-subsidiaries-of-VINCI-in-the-context-of-the-international-Group-savings-plan.html,Issue of new VINCI shares reserved for the employees of foreign subsidiaries of VINCI in the context of the international Group savings plan,A French public limited company (société anonyme) with capital of €1 473 943 102.50Registered office: 1973  boulevard de la Défense – 92000 NanterreRegistered number: 552 037 806 RCS Nanterrewww.vinci.comShareholder relations department: actionnaires@vinci.co…,"A French public limited company (société anonyme) with capital of €1 473 943 102.50Registered office: 1973  boulevard de la Défense – 92000 NanterreRegistered number: 552 037 806 RCS Nanterrewww.vinci.comShareholder relations department: actionnaires@vinci.com____________________________________________Issue of new VINCI sharesreserved for the employees of foreign subsidiaries of VINCIin the context of the international Group savings plan*In its twenty-third resolution  the Combined Shareholders’ General Meeting of 13 April 2023 delegated to the Board of Directors  for a period of 18 months expiring on 12 October 2024  its authority to carry out capital increases reserved for the employees of certain foreign subsidiaries of the Group.At its meeting on 19 October 2023  VINCI’s Board of Directors thus set the terms of a capital increase reserved for the employees of VINCI subsidiaries located in Germany  Australia  Austria  Bahrain  Belgium  Brazil  Cambodia  Cameroon  Canada  Chile  Colombia  Ivory Coast  Croatia  Denmark  United Arab Emirates  Spain  Estonia  United States  Finland  Greece  Hong-Kong  Hungary  Indonesia  Ireland  Italy  Lithuania  Luxembourg  Madagascar  Malaysia  Morocco  Mexico  Norway  New Zealand  Netherlands  Peru  Poland  Portugal  Dominican Republic  Czech Republic  Romania  Senegal  Serbia  Singapore  Slovakia  Sweden and Switzerland.The Board of Directors has delegated full powers to the Chairman and Chief Executive Officer  in particular to set the opening and closing dates of the subscription periods in the countries concerned  and to set the subscription price of the new shares within the framework defined by the Shareholders’ General Meeting.In his decision of 13 May 2024  VINCI’s Chairman and Chief Executive Officer decided that the employee share ownership scheme would not be offered in Madagascar for operational reasons.In the same decision  VINCI’s Chairman and Chief Executive Officer decided that the subscription period would run  in all the countries concerned  from Monday 13 May 2024 to Friday 31 May 2024.In this decision  VINCI’s Chairman and Chief Executive Officer set the issue price of the new shares which is equal to the average price of the VINCI shares prices quoted on the regulated market of Euronext Paris SA on the basis of the vwap (volume-weighted average price) during the 20 trading sessions preceding 13 May 2024  i.e. €112.37 per new share to be issued.The maximum number of shares that may be issued and the total amount of the issue will depend on the level of employees’ subscriptions.The maximum number of new shares to be issued may not exceed the limit set by the Shareholders’ General Meeting of 13 April 2023 in its twenty-third resolution and  if this limit is insufficient  by that set by the General Meeting of Shareholders of 9 April 2024 in its thirteenth resolution. The total number of new shares that may be issued on the basis of the twenty-third resolution of the Shareholders’ Meeting of 13 April 2023 and on the basis of the twenty-second resolution of the same Shareholders’ Meeting in favor of employee shareholding in accordance with the provisions of Articles L. 225-138-1 and seq. of the French Commercial Code and L. 3332-1 and seq. of the French Labour Code may not exceed 1.5% of the number of shares comprising the authorized share capital at the time the Board makes its decision.The new VINCI shares to be issued1 will be subscribed by employees in July 2024 through the ""Castor International Relais 2024"" FCPE  except in the United States  Chile  Croatia  Greece  Italy and Poland where they will be subscribed by employees directly.The admission of these new shares to trading on the regulated market of Euronext Paris will be requested immediately after their issue.The subscribed shares will be frozen for 3 years from the date of the capital increase (except in specific cases of early release).Subject to this reservation  these ordinary shares will not be subject to any restrictions  and will carry dividend rights from 1 January 2024.*With the exception of the United States  Chile  Croatia  Greece  Italy and Poland  where the shares will be subscribed directly by the employees in accordance with local regulations  employee subscriptions to this issue reserved for them will be made through an intermediate company mutual fund (“Castor International Relais 2024”)  invested in money-market securities and classified as such in the “euro money-market company mutual funds” category. This company mutual fund received approval from the AMF on 23 October 2023 under no. FCE 20230116. It will concentrate employees’ cash payments for subscription to the units it will issue. At the end of the subscription period open to employees  this intermediate mutual fund will subscribe to VINCI shares to be issued in accordance with the total amount of payments it has collected and will then be absorbed by the Castor International company mutual fund as of 15 July 2024  the corresponding AMF approval having been obtained on 2 November 2023 (AMF file no. 143620).The Castor International company mutual fund is an employee savings and shareholding mutual fund (UCITS) exclusively invested in VINCI shares.** **Nanterre  13 May 20241Up to the total amount of employee contributionsAttachment",neutral,0.02,0.97,0.01,neutral,0.03,0.9,0.07,True,English,"['international Group savings plan', 'new VINCI shares', 'foreign subsidiaries', 'Issue', 'employees', 'context', 'euro money-market company mutual funds', 'Castor International company mutual fund', 'French public limited company', 'intermediate company mutual fund', 'international Group savings plan', 'employee share ownership scheme', 'Combined Shareholders’ General Meeting', 'intermediate mutual fund', 'Castor International Relais 2024', 'French Commercial Code', 'French Labour Code', 'société anonyme', 'la Défense', 'Shareholder relations department', 'Chief Executive Officer', 'United Arab Emirates', 'Euronext Paris SA', 'authorized share capital', 'volume-weighted average price', 'same Shareholders’ Meeting', 'corresponding AMF approval', 'VINCI shares prices', 'employees’ cash payments', 'new VINCI shares', 'money-market securities', 'new share', 'employee shareholding', 'employee subscriptions', 'United States', 'New Zealand', 'subscription price', 'Registered office', 'foreign subsidiaries', 'twenty-third resolution', 'capital increases', 'Ivory Coast', 'Dominican Republic', 'Czech Republic', 'full powers', 'closing dates', 'operational reasons', '20 trading sessions', 'total amount', 'thirteenth resolution', 'twenty-second resolution', 'specific cases', 'early release', 'dividend rights', 'local regulations', 'AMF file', 'ordinary shares', 'Registered number', 'subscription periods', 'maximum number', 'total number', 'same decision', 'VINCI subsidiaries', 'RCS Nanterre', 'Monday 13 May', 'Friday 31 May', 'regulated market', 'issue price', 'employees’ subscriptions', 'The Board', '92000 Nanterre', 'boulevard', 'actionnaires', 'context', '13 April', 'Directors', '18 months', '12 October', 'authority', '19 October', 'terms', 'Germany', 'Australia', 'Austria', 'Bahrain', 'Belgium', 'Brazil', 'Cambodia', 'Cameroon', 'Canada', 'Chile', 'Colombia', 'Croatia', 'Denmark', 'Spain', 'Estonia', 'Finland', 'Greece', 'Hong-Kong', 'Hungary', 'Indonesia', 'Ireland', 'Italy', 'Lithuania', 'Luxembourg', 'Madagascar', 'Malaysia', 'Morocco', 'Mexico', 'Norway', 'Netherlands', 'Peru', 'Poland', 'Portugal', 'Romania', 'Senegal', 'Serbia', 'Singapore', 'Slovakia', 'Sweden', 'Switzerland', 'Chairman', 'opening', 'countries', 'framework', 'basis', 'vwap', 'level', '9 April', 'favor', 'accordance', 'provisions', 'Articles', 'L.', 'time', 'July', 'FCPE', 'admission', '3 years', 'reservation', 'restrictions', '1 January', 'exception', 'category', '23 October', 'FCE', 'units', '2 November']",2024-05-13,2024-05-14,globenewswire.com
40831,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/EUROFINS-SCIENTIFIC-SE-4753/news/Eurofins-Scientific-Inside-Information-Operations-of-the-issuer-acquisitions-sales--46703079/,Eurofins Scientific : Inside Information / Operations of the issuer (acquisitions  sales...),(marketscreener.com)   The Eurofins network expands battery testing services  supporting client acceleration of battery innovation   13 May 2024   Eurofins EAG Laboratories a global leader in materials testing services and part of the international ne…,Notes to Editors:For more information  please visit www.eurofins.comor contact:Investor RelationsEurofins Scientific SEPhone: +32 2 766 1620E-mail:ir@sc.eurofinseu.comAbout Eurofins - the global leader in bio-analysisEurofins is Testing for Life. The Eurofins Scientific S.E. network of independent companies believes that it is a global leader in food  environment  pharmaceutical and cosmetic product testing and in discovery pharmacology  forensics  advanced material sciences and agroscience contract research services. It is also one of the market leaders in certain testing and laboratory services for genomics  and in the support of clinical studies  as well as in biopharma contract development and manufacturing. It also has a rapidly developing presence in highly specialised and molecular clinical diagnostic testing and in-vitro diagnostic products.With ca. 62 000 staff across a decentralised and entrepreneurial network of more than 900 laboratories in over 1 000 companies in 62 countries  Eurofins offers a portfolio of over 200 000 analytical methods to evaluate the safety  identity  composition  authenticity  origin  traceability and purity of a wide range of products  as well as providing innovative clinical diagnostic testing services and in-vitro diagnostic products.Eurofins companies' broad range of services are important for the health and safety of people and our planet. The ongoing investment to become fully digital and maintain the best network of state-of-the-art laboratories and equipment supports our objective to provide our customers with high-quality services  innovative solutions and accurate results in the best possible turnaround time (TAT). Eurofins companies are well positioned to support clients' increasingly stringent quality and safety standards and the increasing demands of regulatory authorities as well as the evolving requirements of healthcare practitioners around the world.The Eurofins network has grown very strongly since its inception and its strategy is to continue expanding its technology portfolio and its geographic reach. Through R&D and acquisitions  its companies draw on the latest developments in the field of biotechnology and analytical chemistry to offer their clients unique analytical solutions.Shares in Eurofins Scientific S.E. are listed on the Euronext Paris Stock Exchange (ISIN FR0014000MR3  Reuters EUFI.PA  Bloomberg ERF FP).,neutral,0.01,0.98,0.01,neutral,0.07,0.92,0.01,True,English,"['Eurofins Scientific', 'Inside Information', 'Operations', 'issuer', 'acquisitions', 'sales', 'The Eurofins Scientific S.E. network', 'innovative clinical diagnostic testing services', 'Euronext Paris Stock Exchange', 'best possible turnaround time', 'molecular clinical diagnostic testing', 'agroscience contract research services', ""Eurofins companies' broad range"", 'The Eurofins network', 'Eurofins Scientific SE', 'biopharma contract development', 'cosmetic product testing', 'vitro diagnostic products', 'advanced material sciences', 'Bloomberg ERF FP', 'unique analytical solutions', 'best network', 'innovative solutions', 'clinical studies', 'entrepreneurial network', 'wide range', 'laboratory services', 'high-quality services', '200,000 analytical methods', 'analytical chemistry', 'Investor Relations', 'global leader', 'independent companies', 'market leaders', 'developing presence', 'ca. 62,000 staff', 'ongoing investment', 'accurate results', 'stringent quality', 'increasing demands', 'regulatory authorities', 'evolving requirements', 'healthcare practitioners', 'geographic reach', 'R&D', 'latest developments', 'Reuters EUFI', 'art laboratories', 'technology portfolio', 'safety standards', '1,000 companies', '900 laboratories', 'Notes', 'Editors', 'information', 'Phone', 'mail', 'eurofinseu', 'bio-analysis', 'Life', 'food', 'environment', 'pharmaceutical', 'discovery', 'pharmacology', 'forensics', 'genomics', 'support', 'manufacturing', 'specialised', 'decentralised', '62 countries', 'identity', 'composition', 'authenticity', 'origin', 'traceability', 'purity', 'people', 'planet', 'state', 'equipment', 'objective', 'customers', 'clients', 'world', 'inception', 'strategy', 'acquisitions', 'field', 'biotechnology', 'Shares', 'ISIN']",2024-05-13,2024-05-14,marketscreener.com
40832,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/CRAYONANO-120976700/news/CrayoNano-strengthens-executive-team-with-appointment-of-Dr-Thomas-Dobbertin-as-CEO-46706630/,CrayoNano : strengthens executive team with appointment of Dr Thomas Dobbertin as CEO,(marketscreener.com)   CrayoNano strengthens executive team with appointment of Dr Thomas Dobbertin as CEO  13 May 2024    Trondheim  Norway-CrayoNano today announced the appointment of Dr. Thomas Dobbertin as CEO  taking over the role from Jens Kiell…,"CrayoNano strengthens executive team with appointment of Dr Thomas Dobbertin as CEO 13 May 2024Trondheim  Norway-CrayoNano today announced the appointment of Dr. Thomas Dobbertin as CEO  taking over the role from Jens Kielland who has served as interim-CEO and CFO since October 2023. Jens Kielland will resume his role as CFO.Dr. Dobbertin has an extensive international track record in leadership positions in the photonics and semiconductor industry. As General Manager and Vice President at ams AG in Singapore for optical components and prior to this  heading the global laser business at OSRAM Opto in Germany  servicing tier-1 clients globally. Further  he headed the Optics Business Unit as SVP for Nanofilm Technology International in Singapore  in addition to consulting and advisor roles. Thomas earned his PhD in electrical engineering from Technical University Braunschweig in Germany.""I am very encouraged by the commercial pipeline in the fast-growing UV-C LED business in the short term for CrayoNano and look forward to contributing to commercial wins as well as exploring new global opportunities for the company's core technologies "" states Thomas.CrayoNano  the industry's only European fab-lite UV-C LED component supplier for disinfection and sterilization systems has gained considerable commercial traction during the last several quarters with the first five frame contracts signed and robust global sales pipeline of opportunities  qualified leads  and design-ins. In parallel  the company has made further progress in the development of its next UV-C LED and is continuing to grow the total addressable market and applications for its product through technology and pricing.""I would like to thank Jens Kielland for managing the interim-CEO role this year and am very pleased to welcome Thomas to the team. Thomas brings extensive global experience in client engagement as well as technology development  from the semiconductor and photonics industry. I very much look forward to his contribution to the team  driving company strategy and culture"" states Jo Uthus  Chairman of CrayoNano.These changes are effective immediately on May 13th  2024.For more information  please contact:CEO Dr. Thomas DobbertinEmail: investor@crayonano.comPhone +47 72 90 98 60About CrayoNano ASCrayoNano develops and manufactures nanomaterials-based semiconductor components using proprietary technologies. Headquartered in Trondheim  Norway with a branch office in Taiwan  CrayoNano supports customers with global sales representatives and distributors in EMEA  APAC and the Americas. CrayoNano's innovative semiconductor components advance global solutions in health and safety  water purification  consumer  and industrial applications  and more. CrayoNano is registered on Euronext OTC in Norway under the ticker ""CNANO"".",neutral,0.16,0.83,0.01,positive,0.87,0.12,0.01,True,English,"['Dr Thomas Dobbertin', 'executive team', 'CrayoNano', 'appointment', 'CEO', 'European fab-lite UV-C LED component supplier', 'first five frame contracts', 'growing UV-C LED business', 'extensive international track record', 'robust global sales pipeline', 'next UV-C LED', 'extensive global experience', 'global sales representatives', 'global laser business', 'Optics Business Unit', 'last several quarters', 'total addressable market', 'Nanofilm Technology International', 'considerable commercial traction', 'new global opportunities', 'nanomaterials-based semiconductor components', 'innovative semiconductor components', 'Dr Thomas Dobbertin', 'Dr. Thomas Dobbertin', 'Dr. Dobbertin', 'commercial pipeline', 'global solutions', 'optical components', 'commercial wins', 'Jens Kielland', 'leadership positions', 'General Manager', 'Vice President', 'ams AG', 'OSRAM Opto', 'tier-1 clients', 'advisor roles', 'electrical engineering', 'Technical University', 'short term', 'core technologies', 'sterilization systems', 'qualified leads', 'client engagement', 'Jo Uthus', 'May 13th', 'proprietary technologies', 'branch office', 'water purification', 'Euronext OTC', 'semiconductor industry', 'technology development', 'industrial applications', 'executive team', 'company strategy', 'photonics industry', 'CrayoNano AS', 'interim-CEO role', 'appointment', 'Trondheim', 'Norway-CrayoNano', 'CFO', 'October', 'Singapore', 'Germany', 'SVP', 'addition', 'consulting', 'PhD', 'Braunschweig', 'disinfection', 'design-ins', 'parallel', 'progress', 'product', 'pricing', 'contribution', 'culture', 'Chairman', 'changes', 'information', 'Email', 'investor', 'Phone', 'Taiwan', 'customers', 'distributors', 'EMEA', 'APAC', 'Americas', 'health', 'safety', 'consumer', 'ticker', 'CNANO']",2024-05-13,2024-05-14,marketscreener.com
40833,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/FERRARI-N-V-25600249/news/FERRARI-N-V-PERIODIC-REPORT-ON-THE-BUYBACK-PROGRAM-46705364/,FERRARI N.V.: PERIODIC REPORT ON THE BUYBACK PROGRAM,(marketscreener.com) Maranello   May 13 2024 – Ferrari N.V. informs that the Company has purchased  under the Euro 350 million share buyback program announced on November 7  2023  as the fourth tranche of the multi-year share buyback program of approximately …,Maranello (Italy)  May 13 2024 – Ferrari N.V. (NYSE/EXM: RACE) (“Ferrari” or the “Company”) informs that the Company has purchased  under the Euro 350 million share buyback program announced on November 7  2023  as the fourth tranche of the multi-year share buyback program of approximately Euro 2 billion expected to be executed by 2026 in line with the disclosure made during the 2022 Capital Markets Day (the “Fourth Tranche”)  the additional common shares - reported in aggregate form  on a daily basis - on the Euronext Milan (EXM) as follows:TradingDate(dd/mm/yyyy)Stock ExchangeNumber of common shares purchasedAverage price per shareexcluding fees(€)Consideration excluding fees(€)06/05/2024 EXM 3 819 397.8222 1 519 282.98 07/05/2024 EXM 5 572 388.4118 2 164 230.55 08/05/2024 EXM 5 338 374.3431 1 998 243.47 09/05/2024 EXM 3 927 376.1138 1 476 998.89 10/05/2024 EXM 3 965 374.0042 1 482 926.65 Total - 22 621 382.0204 8 641 682.54(*) translated at the European Central Bank EUR/USD exchange reference rate as of the date of each purchaseSince the announcement of such Fourth Tranche till May 10  2024  the total invested consideration has been:Euro 201 088 174.64 for No. 573 889 common shares purchased on the EXMUSD 54 391 165.62 (Euro 49 994 518.23*) for No. 140 501 common shares purchased on the NYSE.As of May 10  2024  the Company held in treasury No. 13 907 967 common shares equal to 5.41% of the total issued share capital including the common shares and the special voting shares  net of shares assigned under the Company’s equity incentive plan.Since the start of the multi-year share buyback program of approximately Euro 2 billion announced during the 2022 Capital Markets Day  on July 1  2022  until May 10  2024  the Company has purchased a total of 3 083 863 own common shares on EXM and NYSE  including transactions for Sell to Cover  for a total consideration of Euro 823 827 218.99.A comprehensive overview of the transactions carried out under the buyback program  as well as the details of the above transactions  are available on Ferrari’s corporate website under the Buyback Programs section ( https://www.ferrari.com/en-EN/corporate/buyback-programs ).Attachment,neutral,0.01,0.97,0.02,neutral,0.02,0.97,0.02,True,English,"['FERRARI N.V.', 'PERIODIC REPORT', 'BUYBACK PROGRAM', 'THE', 'EUR/USD exchange reference rate', '350 million share buyback program', 'multi-year share buyback program', 'Buyback Programs section', 'European Central Bank', 'equity incentive plan', '2022 Capital Markets Day', 'special voting shares', 'additional common shares', 'Ferrari N.V.', 'No. 573,889 common shares', 'No. 140,501 common shares', 'share capital', 'Stock Exchange', '13,907,967 common shares', 'treasury No.', 'fourth tranche', 'aggregate form', 'daily basis', 'Euronext Milan', 'Average price', 'comprehensive overview', 'Trading Date', 'corporate website', 'total consideration', 'Maranello', 'Italy', 'NYSE/EXM', 'RACE', 'Company', 'November', 'line', 'disclosure', 'Number', 'fees', '24 EXM', 'purchase', 'announcement', 'May', 'start', 'July', 'transactions', 'Sell', 'details', 'buyback-programs', 'Attachment']",2024-05-13,2024-05-14,marketscreener.com
40834,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/EUROFINS-SCIENTIFIC-SE-4753/news/Eurofins-EAG-Laboratories-Expands-Battery-Testing-Services-Supporting-Client-Acceleration-of-Battery-46708253/,Eurofins EAG Laboratories Expands Battery Testing Services Supporting Client Acceleration of Battery Innovation,(marketscreener.com) Eurofins EAG Laboratories  a global leader in materials testing services  is expanding its battery materials testing capabilities with a new purpose-built 6 600 square-foot laboratory located in Sunnyvale  CA. and expanded facilities at …,Eurofins EAG Laboratories  a global leader in materials testing services  is expanding its battery materials testing capabilities with a new purpose-built 6 600 square-foot laboratory located in Sunnyvale  CA. and expanded facilities at its Syracuse  New York laboratory with the addition of 6 500 square-foot of new laboratory space.Both laboratories further complement Eurofins EAG Laboratories’ extensive testing techniques and capabilities covering over 150 material testing techniques. Eurofins EAG is the only independent battery testing laboratory with ‘turnkey’ materials and failure analysis-based testing capabilities in the United States  addressing materials testing needs throughout the entire battery life cycle  for batteries ranging in size from a coin cell battery to an EV (Electric Vehicle) battery pack. Eurofins EAG Laboratories’ suite of services support battery innovation  time to market  and the improvement of battery quality and reliability.Notable features of the battery testing laboratories include:A dedicated dry room and argon-filled gloveboxes to safely open batteries and diagnose components in as-is conditions.Battery cyclers that work with various sizes of batteries to facilitate galvanostatic and potentiostatic cycling tests.An air-free transfer system that is connected to an expanding network of services within Eurofins EAG Laboratories.Battery tear down services that focus on isolating specific components or materials for characterization.Prototype coin cells to test electrode performance.Cyro Plasma FIB for large cross-sectioning and compositional analysis of batteries.Gas analysis tools to measure gas-forming elements and gases related to batteries and battery components.Eurofins EAG Laboratories scientists have decades of experience investigating and resolving challenges in the battery industry from the purity of the raw materials to failure analysis. Eurofins EAG Laboratories has a proven track record in delivering multi-disciplinary  problem-solving expertise which accelerates customers’ innovation  ensures the quality and safety of their products  and protects their intellectual property.About Eurofins EAG LaboratoriesEurofins EAG Laboratories is a global leader in materials and engineering sciences and supports thousands of clients with 20+ locations throughout Europe  Asia and the U.S. Eurofins EAG Laboratories is part of the Eurofins Scientific network of companies  a multi-billion global leader in scientific testing services with a portfolio of over 200 000 validated analytical methods.For more information  please visit www.eag.com.About Eurofins – the global leader in bio-analysisEurofins is Testing for Life. With ca. 62 000 staff across a network of more than 900 laboratories in over 1 000 companies in 62 countries  Eurofins offers a portfolio of over 200 000 analytical methods.Eurofins Scientific S.E. shares are listed on Euronext Paris Stock Exchange.View source version on businesswire.com: https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20240513764664/en/,neutral,0.04,0.96,0.0,neutral,0.04,0.93,0.03,True,English,"['Eurofins EAG Laboratories', 'Battery Testing Services', 'Battery Innovation', 'Client Acceleration', 'Eurofins Scientific S.E. shares', 'U.S. Eurofins EAG Laboratories', 'Euronext Paris Stock Exchange', 'Electric Vehicle) battery pack', 'independent battery testing laboratory', 'new purpose-built 6,600 square-foot laboratory', 'failure analysis-based testing capabilities', 'entire battery life cycle', 'Eurofins EAG Laboratories’ suite', 'Eurofins EAG Laboratories scientists', 'battery materials testing capabilities', 'New York laboratory', 'new laboratory space', 'extensive testing techniques', '150 material testing techniques', 'battery testing laboratories', 'dedicated dry room', 'potentiostatic cycling tests', 'air-free transfer system', 'Prototype coin cells', 'Cyro Plasma FIB', 'proven track record', 'multi-disciplinary, problem-solving expertise', 'scientific testing services', 'coin cell battery', 'materials testing needs', 'Eurofins Scientific network', 'Gas analysis tools', '200,000 validated analytical methods', 'materials testing services', 'multi-billion global leader', '200,000 analytical methods', 'battery innovation', 'Battery cyclers', 'battery industry', 'battery components', 'compositional analysis', 'turnkey’ materials', 'raw materials', 'battery quality', 'United States', 'services support', 'Notable features', 'argon-filled gloveboxes', 'various sizes', 'expanding network', 'electrode performance', 'large cross-sectioning', 'gas-forming elements', 'customers’ innovation', 'intellectual property', 'engineering sciences', '20+ locations', 'source version', 'specific components', 'ca. 62,000 staff', '900 laboratories', '6,500 square-foot', 'Sunnyvale', 'facilities', 'Syracuse', 'addition', 'batteries', 'EV', 'time', 'market', 'improvement', 'reliability', 'conditions', 'galvanostatic', 'characterization', 'gases', 'decades', 'experience', 'challenges', 'purity', 'safety', 'products', 'thousands', 'clients', 'Europe', 'Asia', 'part', 'companies', 'portfolio', 'information', 'bio-analysis', '62 countries', 'businesswire']",2024-05-13,2024-05-14,marketscreener.com
40835,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2024/05/13/2880067/0/en/Kitron-ASA-Initiation-of-share-buyback-program.html,Kitron ASA - Initiation of share buyback program,"(2024-05-13) Kitron ASA initiates a share buyback in connection with remuneration to the board members.  Kitron ASA (""Kitron"" or the ""Company"") has...","(2024-05-13) Kitron ASA initiates a share buyback in connection with remuneration to the board members.Kitron ASA (""Kitron"" or the ""Company"") has decided to initiate a share buyback program of up to 30 000 of its own shares for a total maximum amount of NOK 900 000. The buyback program may be carried out in the period from this announcement and until 16 May 2024.The share buyback program will be carried out in accordance with the EC Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) No. 2016/1052 of 8 March 2016 regarding exemptions from market manipulation for share programs. The purpose of the buyback program is to acquire shares that can be used as part of the remuneration to the board members for the period from and including May 2024 to and including April 2025  as resolved by the annual general meeting on 25 April 2024.The Company has engaged Norne Securities AS to carry out the share buybacks. The share buybacks will be made in accordance with the authorisation granted to the board of directors by the Company's annual general meeting held on 25 April 2024. According to the authorisation  up to 19 821 713 shares may be purchased at a minimum of NOK 1 and a maximum of the prevailing market price per share on the day the offer is made  provided  however  that the maximum amount does not exceed NOK 100 per share. The authorisation is valid until the annual general meeting in 2025  however no later than 30 June 2025.All acquisitions under the buyback program will be executed on Euronext Oslo Børs. The execution of any repurchases will depend on market conditions  the buyback program may be discontinued at any time and the Company may resolve to terminate the buyback program before the threshold set out above is reached.Kitron does not hold any own shares in the Company as of the date of this announcement.For further information  please contact:Cathrin Nylander  CFO  tel.: +47 900 43 284E-mail: investorrelations@kitron.comKitron is a leading Scandinavian electronics manufacturing services company for the Connectivity  Electrification  Industry  Medical devices and Defence/Aerospace sectors. The group is located in Norway  Sweden  Denmark Lithuania  Germany  Poland  the Czech Republic  India  Malaysia  China and theUnited States. Kitron has about 2 800 employees  and revenues were EUR 775 million in 2023www.kitron.com (http://www.kitron.com)This information is made public by the Company pursuant to the EU market abuse regulation article 5  as supplemented by Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) 2016/1052  and is subject to the disclosure requirements pursuant to Section 5-12 the Norwegian Securities Trading Act.Oslo Børs (https://www.euronext.com/nb/markets/oslo)",neutral,0.05,0.94,0.01,neutral,0.02,0.94,0.04,True,English,"['share buyback program', 'Kitron ASA', 'Initiation', 'leading Scandinavian electronics manufacturing services company', 'Norwegian Securities Trading Act', 'EC Commission Delegated Regulation', 'EU market abuse regulation', 'Euronext Oslo Børs', 'Norne Securities AS', 'annual general meeting', 'prevailing market price', 'total maximum amount', 'share buyback program', 'market manipulation', 'market conditions', 'share programs', 'share buybacks', 'Cathrin Nylander', 'Medical devices', 'Defence/Aerospace sectors', 'Czech Republic', 'United States', 'disclosure requirements', 'The Company', 'board members', 'Kitron ASA', 'connection', 'remuneration', 'shares', 'NOK', 'period', 'announcement', '16 May', 'accordance', 'No.', '8 March', 'exemptions', 'purpose', 'part', 'April', 'authorisation', 'directors', 'minimum', 'day', 'offer', '30 June', 'acquisitions', 'execution', 'repurchases', 'time', 'threshold', 'date', 'information', 'CFO', 'tel', 'mail', 'investorrelations', 'Connectivity', 'Electrification', 'Industry', 'group', 'Norway', 'Sweden', 'Denmark', 'Lithuania', 'Germany', 'Poland', 'India', 'Malaysia', 'China', '2 800 employees', 'revenues', 'article', 'Section', 'nb', 'markets']",2024-05-13,2024-05-14,globenewswire.com
40836,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/DECEUNINCK-NV-5973/news/Deceuninck-Share-Buyback-46705099/,Deceuninck : Share Buyback,(marketscreener.com)   Press release   Regulated information   Friday 10 May 2024 at 8.20 PM CET   Disclosure of share buy-back program   The Board of Directors of Deceuninck has decided to initiate a share buy-back program within the limits of …,"Press releaseRegulated informationFriday 10 May 2024 at 8.20 PM CETDisclosure of share buy-back programThe Board of Directors of Deceuninck has decided to initiate a share buy-back program within the limits of the authorization to buy back own shares as granted by the Extraordinary General Meeting of Deceuninck on April 28th 2020.The purpose of the share buy-back program is to satisfy obligations arising from share purchase and warrant plans allocated to the management and employees of Deceuninck and to be able to offer these again in the future.The maximum number of shares that Deceuninck will buy back is limited to 850 000 shares and there is a maximum amount of 2 380 000 EUR allocated to the buy-back program. The share buy-back program will run from May 13th to June 10th 2024 or until the fixed number of shares has been repurchased.The buy-back program will be implemented in accordance with the ""safe harbour"" procedure provided by the Regulation (EU) No 596/2014 of 16 April 2014 on market abuse (Market Abuse Regulation) and the Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) 2016/1052 of 8 March 2016 supplementing the Market Abuse Regulation for 350.000 shares  while the remaining part will be purchased outside of the stock exchange at closing price as per May 10th 2024. The execution of the buy-back program of the 350.000 shares will be performed by an independent intermediary who will have a discretionary mandate to execute the buy-back. As a result  the repurchases can take place in both open and closed periods.Deceuninck will inform the market on the progress of the buy-back program in accordance with the applicable regulations.End of press releaseAbout DeceuninckFounded in 1937  Deceuninck is a top 3 independent manufacturer of PVC and composite profiles for windows and doors. Headquartered in Hooglede-Gits (BE)  Deceuninck is organized in 3 geographical segments: Europe  North America and Turkey & Emerging Markets. Deceuninck operates 17 vertically integrated manufacturing facilities  which together with 16 sales and distribution entities guarantee the necessary service and response time to Customers. Deceuninck strongly focuses on innovation  sustainability and reliability. Deceuninck is listed on Euronext Brussels (""DECB"").Contact Deceuninck: Hannes Debecker • T +32 51 239 587 • Investor.Relations@deceuninck.comwww.deceuninck.com",neutral,0.06,0.93,0.01,neutral,0.04,0.94,0.02,True,English,"['Share Buyback', 'Deceuninck', '17 vertically integrated manufacturing facilities', 'Extraordinary General Meeting', 'safe harbour"" procedure', 'Commission Delegated Regulation', 'top 3 independent manufacturer', 'share buy-back program', 'Market Abuse Regulation', 'share purchase', 'independent intermediary', 'Press release', 'Regulated information', '8.20 PM CET', 'maximum number', 'maximum amount', 'fixed number', 'remaining part', 'stock exchange', 'closing price', 'discretionary mandate', 'closed periods', 'applicable regulations', 'composite profiles', '3 geographical segments', 'North America', 'Emerging Markets', 'distribution entities', 'necessary service', 'response time', 'Euronext Brussels', 'Hannes Debecker', 'May 13th', 'May 10th', 'April 28th', 'Contact Deceuninck', '16 April', 'Friday', 'Disclosure', 'Board', 'Directors', 'limits', 'authorization', 'shares', 'purpose', 'obligations', 'plans', 'management', 'employees', 'future', 'June', 'accordance', '8 March', 'execution', 'result', 'repurchases', 'place', 'open', 'progress', 'PVC', 'windows', 'doors', 'Hooglede-Gits', 'Europe', 'Turkey', '16 sales', 'Customers', 'innovation', 'sustainability', 'reliability', 'DECB', 'Investor', 'Relations']",2024-05-13,2024-05-14,marketscreener.com
40837,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2024/05/13/2880737/0/en/Societe-Generale-shares-voting-rights-as-of-30-April-2024.html,Societe Generale: shares & voting rights as of 30 April 2024,SOCIETE GENERALE : Number of shares composing current share capital and Total number of voting rights as of 30 April 2024  Regulated Information  Paris ...,SOCIETE GENERALE : Number of shares composing current share capital and Total number of voting rights as of30 April 2024Regulated InformationParis  13 May 2024Information about the total number of voting rights and shares pursuant to Article L.233-8 II of the French Commercial Code and Article 223-16 of the AMF General Regulations.Date Number of shares composing current share capital Total number ofvoting rights 30 April 2024 802 979 942Gross: 878 741 467Press contact:Jean-Baptiste Froville_+33 1 58 98 68 00_ jean-baptiste.froville@socgen.comFanny Rouby_+33 1 57 29 11 12_ fanny.rouby@socgen.comSociete GeneraleSociete Generale is a top tier European Bank with more than 126 000 employees serving about 25 million clients in 65 countries across the world. We have been supporting the development of our economies for 160 years  providing our corporate  institutional  and individual clients with a wide array of value-added advisory and financial solutions. Our long-lasting and trusted relationships with the clients  our cutting-edge expertise  our unique innovation  our ESG capabilities and leading franchises are part of our DNA and serve our most essential objective - to deliver sustainable value creation for all our stakeholders.The Group runs three complementary sets of businesses  embedding ESG offerings for all its clients:French Retail  Private Banking and Insurance   with leading retail bank SG and insurance franchise  premium private banking services  and the leading digital bank BoursoBank.  with leading retail bank SG and insurance franchise  premium private banking services  and the leading digital bank BoursoBank. Global Banking and Investor Solutions   a top tier wholesale bank offering tailored-made solutions with distinctive global leadership in equity derivatives  structured finance and ESG.  a top tier wholesale bank offering tailored-made solutions with distinctive global leadership in equity derivatives  structured finance and ESG. International Retail  Mobility & Leasing Services  comprising well-established universal banks (in Czech Republic  Romania and several African countries)  Ayvens (the new ALD I LeasePlan brand)  a global player in sustainable mobility  as well as specialized financing activities.Committed to building together with its clients a better and sustainable future  Societe Generale aims to be a leading partner in the environmental transition and sustainability overall. The Group is included in the principal socially responsible investment indices: DJSI (Europe)  FTSE4Good (Global and Europe)  Bloomberg Gender-Equality Index  Refinitiv Diversity and Inclusion Index  Euronext Vigeo (Europe and Eurozone)  STOXX Global ESG Leaders indexes  and the MSCI Low Carbon Leaders Index (World and Europe).For more information  you can follow us on Twitter/X @societegenerale or visit our website societegenerale.com .Attachment,neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,neutral,0.04,0.95,0.01,True,English,"['Societe Generale', 'voting rights', 'shares', '30 April', 'new ALD I LeasePlan brand', 'MSCI Low Carbon Leaders Index', 'STOXX Global ESG Leaders indexes', 'socially responsible investment indices', 'top tier European Bank', 'top tier wholesale bank', 'leading retail bank SG', 'premium private banking services', 'leading digital bank', 'Bloomberg Gender-Equality Index', 'current share capital', 'AMF General Regulations', 'three complementary sets', 'specialized financing activities', 'distinctive global leadership', 'French Commercial Code', 'sustainable value creation', 'several African countries', 'Global Banking', 'French Retail', 'Leasing Services', 'Inclusion Index', 'leading franchises', 'International Retail', 'leading partner', 'global player', 'sustainable future', 'ESG capabilities', 'ESG offerings', 'SOCIETE GENERALE', 'voting rights', 'Press contact', 'corporate, institutional', 'wide array', 'value-added advisory', 'financial solutions', 'trusted relationships', 'cutting-edge expertise', 'unique innovation', 'essential objective', 'The Group', 'Investor Solutions', 'tailored-made solutions', 'equity derivatives', 'universal banks', 'Czech Republic', 'environmental transition', 'Refinitiv Diversity', 'Euronext Vigeo', 'sustainable mobility', 'Total number', 'Date Number', 'Article L.', 'Jean-Baptiste Froville', 'Fanny Rouby', 'website societegenerale', '25 million clients', 'individual clients', 'Regulated Information', 'insurance franchise', '65 countries', 'shares', '30 April', 'Paris', '13 May', 'Gross', 'socgen', '126,000 employees', 'world', 'development', 'economies', '160 years', 'long-lasting', 'DNA', 'stakeholders', 'businesses', 'BoursoBank', 'finance', 'structured', 'Romania', 'Ayvens', 'sustainability', 'DJSI', 'FTSE4Good', 'Eurozone', 'Twitter/X', 'Attachment']",2024-05-13,2024-05-14,globenewswire.com
40838,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.investing.com/news/press-releases/elior-group-outstanding-shares-and-voting-rights--monthly-statement-93CH-3437626,ELIOR GROUP: Outstanding Shares and Voting Rights “ Monthly Statement By Investing.com,ELIOR GROUP: Outstanding Shares and Voting Rights “ Monthly Statement,(Article L.233-8 II of French Commercial Code and articles 221-1 and 223-16 of the AMF General Regulation)PARIS LA DÃ‰FENSE--(BUSINESS WIRE)--Regulatory News:ELIOR GROUP (Paris:ELIOR):Date Total number of shares1 Total number of voting rights April 30  2024 253 611 809 Gross total of voting rights: 253 611 809 Net total2 of voting rights: 253 563 584It is recalled that in addition to the legal obligation to inform the Company when certain portions of capital or voting rights are held  any natural person or legal entity  or any shareholder who should directly or indirectly  alone or in a group as defined by articles L. 233-10 et seq of the Commercial Code  hold a number of Company shares equal to or more than 1% of the total number of shares or voting rights  prior to the end of the fifth day of trading after this participation threshold is exceeded  should notify the Company by recorded delivery letter with acknowledgement of receipt.This declaration is renewed under the same conditions each time a new threshold of a multiple of 1% of the total number of shares or voting rights is exceeded. Any shareholder whose participation in capital or voting rights falls below the aforementioned statutory shareholdings  is also bound to notify the Company in the same five-day term and in line with the same conditions.Listing Market: Euronext ParisEurolist segment BISIN code: FR0011950732ELIOR GROUPSociÃ©tÃ© anonymeHead office: 9-11 allÃ©e de l'Arche  Paris la DÃ©fense cedex (92032)408 168 003 R.C.S. Nanterre1Par value €0.01 each2 Net total = total number of voting rights attached to the total number of shares after deduction of the shares without voting rightshere or remove ads . 3rd party Ad. Not an offer or recommendation by Investing.com. See disclosureorView source version on businesswire.com: https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20240513235991/en/ELIOR GROUPSource: ELIOR GROUP,neutral,0.17,0.82,0.01,negative,0.01,0.29,0.71,True,English,"['ELIOR GROUP', 'Outstanding Shares', 'Voting Rights', 'Investing', 'R.C.S. Nanterre', 'PARIS LA DÃ‰FENSE', 'AMF General Regulation', 'Eurolist segment B', 'SociÃ©tÃ© anonyme', '3rd party Ad.', 'same five-day term', 'French Commercial Code', 'ELIOR GROUP Source', 'DÃ©fense', 'source version', 'same conditions', 'ISIN code', 'BUSINESS WIRE', 'voting rights', 'Gross total', 'Net total2', 'legal obligation', 'natural person', 'legal entity', 'fifth day', 'delivery letter', 'new threshold', 'statutory shareholdings', 'Listing Market', 'Euronext Paris', 'Head office', 'allÃ©e', '1Par value', 'Investing.com', 'Total number', 'Regulatory News', 'articles L.', 'participation threshold', 'Company shares', 'Date', 'shares1', 'April', 'addition', 'portions', 'capital', 'shareholder', 'end', 'trading', 'acknowledgement', 'receipt', 'declaration', 'multiple', 'line', 'Arche', 'deduction', 'ads', 'offer', 'disclosureor', 'View', 'businesswire']",2024-05-13,2024-05-14,investing.com
40839,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/BIC-4617/news/BIC-Disclosure-Of-Trading-in-Own-Shares-for-April-2024-46708022/,BIC: Disclosure Of Trading in Own Shares for April 2024,(marketscreener.com) Disclosure Of Trading In Own SharesFor April 2024 CLICHY – May 13  2024 In compliance with general regulation on share buy-backs  SOCIÉTÉ BIC declares below the transactions made on its own shares for April 2024: DateNumber of sharesAvera…,Disclosure Of Trading In Own SharesFor April 2024CLICHY – May 13  2024In compliance with general regulation on share buy-backs  SOCIÉTÉ BIC declares below the transactions made on its own shares for April 2024:Date Number of shares Average weighted price in € Amount in € 02/04/2024 81 948 66 0000 5 408 568 00 TOTAL 81 948 66 0000 5 408 568 00ABOUT BICA world leader in stationery  lighters and shavers  BIC brings simplicity and joy to everyday Life. For more than 75 years  the Company has honored the tradition of providing high-quality  affordable  essential products to consumers everywhere. Through this unwavering dedication  BIC has become one of the most recognized brands and is a trademark registered worldwide. Today  BIC products are sold in more than 160 countries around the world and feature iconic brands such as BIC Kids™  BIC FlexTM  BodyMark by BICTM  Cello®  Djeep  Lucky Stationary  Rocketbook  Soleil®  Tipp-Ex®  Us. TM  Wite-Out®  Inkbox  and more. In 2023  BIC Net Sales were €2 263 million. The Company is listed on Euronext Paris  is part of the SBF120 and CAC Mid 60 indexes and is recognized for its commitment to sustainable development and education. It has received an A- Leadership score from CDP. For more  visit www.bic.com or follow us on LinkedIn  Instagram  Twitter  or YouTube.CONTACTSInvestor Relations teaminvestors.info@bicworld.comBrice ParisVP Investor Relations+33 1 45 19 55 28brice.paris@bicworld.comIsabelle de SegonzacImage 7  Press Relations contact+ 33 6 89 87 61 39isegonzac@image7.fr2024 AgendaAll dates to be confirmed2024 Annual General Meeting May 29  2024 2nd Quarter and 1st Half 2024 Results July 31  2024 (post market close) 3rd Quarter and 9 Months 2024 Results October 23  2024 (post market close)Attachment,neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,neutral,0.06,0.93,0.01,True,English,"['Own Shares', 'BIC', 'Disclosure', 'Trading', 'April', 'high-quality, affordable, essential products', 'CAC Mid 60 indexes', 'A- Leadership score', 'Investor Relations team', 'VP Investor Relations', 'Isabelle de Segonzac', 'Press Relations contact', '2024 Annual General Meeting', '1st Half 2024 Results', 'SOCIÉTÉ BIC', 'BIC Net Sales', 'BIC products', 'general regulation', 'share buy-backs', 'Date Number', 'everyday Life', 'unwavering dedication', 'recognized brands', 'iconic brands', 'Lucky Stationary', 'sustainable development', '2nd Quarter', '3rd Quarter', 'BIC Kids™', 'BIC FlexTM', 'bic.com', 'Euronext Paris', 'world leader', 'post market', 'Own Shares', 'Brice Paris', 'Disclosure', 'Trading', 'April', 'CLICHY', 'May', 'compliance', 'transactions', 'Average', 'price', 'Amount', 'TOTAL', 'ABOUT', 'stationery', 'lighters', 'shavers', 'simplicity', 'joy', '75 years', 'Company', 'tradition', 'consumers', 'trademark', '160 countries', 'BodyMark', 'BICTM', 'Cello®', 'Djeep', 'Rocketbook', 'Soleil®', 'Tipp', 'Ex®', 'Wite-Out®', 'Inkbox', 'part', 'SBF120', 'commitment', 'education', 'CDP', 'LinkedIn', 'Instagram', 'Twitter', 'YouTube', 'CONTACTS', 'bicworld', 'Image', '2024 Agenda', 'dates', '9 Months', 'Attachment', '€']",2024-05-13,2024-05-14,marketscreener.com
40840,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/UNIFIEDPOST-GROUP-SA-112637613/news/Publication-of-a-transparency-notification-46708911/,Publication of a transparency notification,(marketscreener.com) Press release: Regulated Information  Publication of a transparency notification La Hulpe   May 13  2024  7.00 p.m. CET – Regulated Information – Unifiedpost Group has received a transparency notification from Francisco Partners dated May…,"Press release: Regulated InformationPublication of a transparency notification(Article 14  first paragraph  of the Law of 2 May 2007 on the disclosure of major holdings)La Hulpe (Belgium)  May 13  2024  7.00 p.m. CET – Regulated Information – Unifiedpost Group (Euronext: UPG) (Unifiedpost  the Group or the Company) has received a transparency notification from Francisco Partners dated May 8  2024. This transparency notification indicates that Francisco Partners (through FP Credit Partners GP II Management  LLC) has dropped below the thresholds of 3% as a result of a passive crossing of a threshold. Francisco Partners has thus crossed in a downward way the thresholds of 3%.Content of the notificationThe notification dated May 8  2024 contains the following information:Reason for the notification: Passing crossing of a threshold. Downward crossing of the lowest threshold.Notification by: A person that notifies alone.Person subject to the notification requirement: FP Credit Partners GP II Management  LLC  with address Maples Corporate Service Limited PO Box 309  Ugland House  Grand Cayman  KY1-1104  Cayman Islands.Date of the transaction: May 3  2024.Threshold that is crossed: 3%.Denominator: 37.131.654.Notified details:A) Voting rights Previous notification After the transaction # of voting rights # of voting rights % of voting rights Holders of voting rights Linked to securities Not linked to the securities Linked to securities Not linked to the securities FP Credit Partners GP II Management LLC 1 082862 1.082.862 Subtotal 1 082862 1.082.862 0 2 92% TOTAL 1.082.862 0 2 92% 0%B) Equivalent Financial Instruments After the transaction Holders of equivalent financial instruments Type of financial instrumentExpiration date Exercise period or date #of voting rights that may be acquired if the instrument is exercised % of voting rightsSettlement TOTAL 0 0 00%TOTAL (A+B) # of voting rights % of voting rights 1.082.862 2 92%Full chain of controlled undertakings through which the holding is effectively held: The notifying entity  FP Credit Partners GP II Management  LLC  is the ultimate controlling entity of FP Credit Partners II  L.P. (“FPCP”) and FP Credit Partners Phoenix II  L.P. (“FPCPP”). The Unifiedpost Group SA shares reported on this Notification are held by the FPCP and FPCPP entities. FP Credit Partners GP II Management  LLC is not a controlled entity.Additional information: On 03/05/2024  UnifiedPost carried out a capital increase  as a result of which the total number of voting rights (the ""denominator"") now comes to 37.131.654. Pursuant to Article 6  § 3  of the Transparency Law  a transparency notification must also be made in the event of a passive crossing of a threshold. In this case  there was a downwards crossing of the lowest threshold. FP Credit Partners GP II Management  LLC is the discretionary investment manager and exercises the voting rights at its discretion in the absence of specific instructions.VariaThe full transparency notification can be found consulted on the Company’s website  here .ContactAlex NicollInvestor RelationsUnifiedpost Groupalex.nicoll@unifiedpost.comAbout Unifiedpost GroupUnifiedpost is a leading cloud-based platform for SME business services built on “Documents”  “Identity” and “Payments”. Unifiedpost operates and develops a 100% cloud-based platform for administrative and financial services that allows real-time and seamless connections between Unifiedpost’s customers  their suppliers  their customers  and other parties along the financial value chain. With its one-stop-shop solutions  Unifiedpost’s mission is to make administrative and financial processes simple and smart for its customers.Noteworthy facts and figures:Established in 2001  with a proven track record.2023 turnover €191 million1.200+ employeesDiverse portfolio of clients across a wide variety of industries (banking  leasing  utilities  media  telecommunications  travel  social security service providers  public organisations  etc.) ranging from large internationals to SMEsUnifiedpost Payments  a fully owned subsidiary  is recognised as a payment institution by the National Bank of BelgiumCertified Swift partnerInternational M&A track recordListed on the regulated market of Euronext Brussels  symbol: UPG.Warning about future statements: The statements contained herein may contain forecasts  future expectations  opinions and other future-oriented statements concerning the expected further performance of Unifiedpost Group on the markets in which it is active. Such future-oriented statements are based on the current insights and assumptions of management concerning future events. They naturally include known and unknown risks  uncertainties and other factors  which seem justified at the time that the statements are made but may possibly turn out to be inaccurate. The actual results  performance or events may differ essentially.from the results  performance or events which are expressed or implied in such future-oriented statements. Except where required by the applicable legislation  Unifiedpost Group shall assume no obligation to update  elucidate or improve future-oriented statements in this press release in the light of new information  future events or other elements and shall not be held liable on that account. The reader is warned not to rely unduly on future-oriented statements.Attachments",neutral,0.02,0.98,0.0,negative,0.01,0.11,0.88,True,English,"['transparency notification', 'Publication', 'securities FP Credit Partners GP II Management LLC', 'Maples Corporate Service Limited PO Box', 'FP Credit Partners Phoenix II', 'International M&A track record', 'FP Credit Partners II', 'The Unifiedpost Group SA shares', 'Investor Relations Unifiedpost Group alex', 'social security service providers', 'Belgium Certified Swift partner', 'equivalent financial instruments Type', 'proven track record', 'discretionary investment manager', 'SME business services', 'ultimate controlling entity', 'financial value chain', 'leading cloud-based platform', 'Such future-oriented statements', 'other future-oriented statements', 'Francisco Partners', 'full transparency notification', 'financial services', 'Full chain', 'Alex Nicoll', '100% cloud-based platform', 'financial processes', 'notifying entity', 'controlled entity', 'other parties', 'other factors', 'Press release', 'Regulated Information', 'first paragraph', 'major holdings', 'La Hulpe', 'downward way', 'following information', 'Ugland House', 'Grand Cayman', 'Cayman Islands', 'Notified details', 'Voting rights', 'Exercise period', 'controlled undertakings', 'L.P.', 'Additional information', 'capital increase', 'specific instructions', 'seamless connections', 'one-stop-shop solutions', 'Noteworthy facts', '1.200+ employees', 'Diverse portfolio', 'wide variety', 'public organisations', 'large internationals', 'payment institution', 'National Bank', 'regulated market', 'future statements', 'future expectations', 'current insights', 'unknown risks', 'passive crossing', 'Downward crossing', 'downwards crossing', 'notification requirement', 'Previous notification', 'Transparency Law', 'FPCPP entities', 'total number', 'Euronext Brussels', 'actual results', 'Unifiedpost Payments', 'lowest threshold', 'Expiration date', 'future events', 'Publication', 'Article', '2 May', 'disclosure', 'CET', 'UPG', 'Company', 'thresholds', 'Content', 'Reason', 'Passing', 'person', 'address', 'KY1', 'transaction', 'Denominator', 'Holders', 'Subtotal', 'Settlement', '03/05', 'case', 'absence', 'Varia', 'website', 'Contact', 'Documents', 'Identity', 'administrative', 'real-time', 'customers', 'suppliers', 'mission', 'figures', '2023 turnover', 'clients', 'industries', 'banking', 'leasing', 'utilities', 'media', 'telecommunications', 'travel', 'SMEs', 'subsidiary', 'symbol', 'Warning', 'forecasts', 'opinions', 'performance', 'markets', 'assumptions', 'uncertainties', '7.00']",2024-05-13,2024-05-14,marketscreener.com
40841,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/SOCIETE-GENERALE-4702/news/Societe-Generale-Report-form-for-30-04-2024-46708468/,Societe Generale : Report form for 30/04/2024,(marketscreener.com)   SOCIETE GENERALE : Number of shares composing current share capital and Total number of voting rights as of   30 April 2024   Regulated Information   Paris  13 May 2024   Information about the total number of voting rights…,Information about the total number of voting rights and shares pursuant to Article L.233- 8 II of the French Commercial Code and Article 223-16 of the AMF General Regulations.Press contact:Jean-Baptiste Froville_+33 1 58 98 68 00_ jean-baptiste.froville@socgen.comFanny Rouby_+33 1 57 29 11 12_ fanny.rouby@socgen.comSociete GeneraleSociete Generale is a top tier European Bank with more than 126 000 employees serving about 25 million clients in 65 countries across the world. We have been supporting the development of our economies for 160 years  providing our corporate  institutional  and individual clients with a wide array of value-added advisory and financial solutions. Our long-lasting and trusted relationships with the clients  our cutting-edge expertise  our unique innovation  our ESG capabilities and leading franchises are part of our DNA and serve our most essential objective - to deliver sustainable value creation for all our stakeholders.The Group runs three complementary sets of businesses  embedding ESG offerings for all its clients:French Retail  Private Banking and Insurance   with leading retail bank SG and insurance franchise  premium private banking services  and the leading digital bank BoursoBank.  with leading retail bank SG and insurance franchise  premium private banking services  and the leading digital bank BoursoBank. Global Banking and Investor Solutions   a top tier wholesale bank offering tailored-made solutions with distinctive global leadership in equity derivatives  structured finance and ESG.  a top tier wholesale bank offering tailored-made solutions with distinctive global leadership in equity derivatives  structured finance and ESG. International Retail  Mobility & Leasing Services   comprising well-established universal banks (in Czech Republic  Romania and several African countries)  Ayvens (the new ALD I LeasePlan brand)  a global player in sustainable mobility  as well as specialized financing activities.Committed to building together with its clients a better and sustainable future  Societe Generale aims to be a leading partner in the environmental transition and sustainability overall. The Group is included in the principal socially responsible investment indices: DJSI (Europe)  FTSE4Good (Global and Europe)  Bloomberg Gender-Equality Index  Refinitiv Diversity and Inclusion Index  Euronext Vigeo (Europe and Eurozone)  STOXX Global ESG Leaders indexes  and the MSCI Low Carbon Leaders Index (World and Europe).For more information  you can follow us on Twitter/X @societegeneraleor visit our website societegenerale.com.,neutral,0.01,0.99,0.01,neutral,0.06,0.94,0.01,True,English,"['Societe Generale', 'Report form', '30/04', 'new ALD I LeasePlan brand', 'MSCI Low Carbon Leaders Index', 'STOXX Global ESG Leaders indexes', 'top tier European Bank', 'top tier wholesale bank', 'leading retail bank SG', 'premium private banking services', 'leading digital bank', 'Bloomberg Gender-Equality Index', 'AMF General Regulations', 'three complementary sets', 'specialized financing activities', 'responsible investment indices', 'distinctive global leadership', 'French Commercial Code', 'sustainable value creation', 'several African countries', 'Global Banking', 'French Retail', 'Leasing Services', 'Inclusion Index', 'leading franchises', 'International Retail', 'leading partner', 'global player', 'sustainable future', 'ESG capabilities', 'ESG offerings', 'total number', 'voting rights', 'Press contact', 'Societe Generale', 'corporate, institutional', 'wide array', 'value-added advisory', 'financial solutions', 'trusted relationships', 'cutting-edge expertise', 'unique innovation', 'essential objective', 'The Group', 'Investor Solutions', 'tailored-made solutions', 'equity derivatives', 'universal banks', 'Czech Republic', 'environmental transition', 'Refinitiv Diversity', 'Euronext Vigeo', 'website societegenerale', 'sustainable mobility', 'Article L.', 'Jean-Baptiste Froville', 'comFanny Rouby', '25 million clients', 'individual clients', 'insurance franchise', '65 countries', 'Information', 'shares', 'socgen', '126,000 employees', 'world', 'development', 'economies', '160 years', 'long-lasting', 'DNA', 'stakeholders', 'businesses', 'BoursoBank', 'finance', 'structured', 'Romania', 'Ayvens', 'sustainability', 'DJSI', 'FTSE4Good', 'Eurozone', 'Twitter/X', 'societegeneraleor']",2024-05-13,2024-05-14,marketscreener.com
40842,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/SAFILO-GROUP-S-P-A-165621/news/Safilo-S-p-A-Notice-of-change-to-the-share-capital-46708214/,Safilo S p A : Notice of change to the share capital,(marketscreener.com)    Press Release     NOTICE OF CHANGE TO THE SHARE CAPITAL   Padua  May 13  2024 - Safilo Group S.p.A. hereby notifies that on April 15  2024  a number of 120 000 new SAFILO GROUP S.p.A ordinary shares were issued  without par …,Lastly  Safilo Group S.p.A informs that the Articles of Association filed with the Companies' Register of Padua will be made available at the Company's registered office  at the central storage of regulated information 1INFO  as well as on the Company's website at the internet address https://www.safilogroup.com/en/governance/system/articles-association following the relevant registration with the competent Companies' Register.Padua  May 13  2024About Safilo GroupSafilo is a global player in the eyewear industry that has been creating  producing  and distributing for over 90 years sunglasses  prescription frames  outdoor eyewear  goggles and helmets. Thanks to a data-driven approach  Safilo goes beyond the traditional boundaries of the eyewear industry: in just one company it brings together Italian design  stylistic  technical and industrial innovation  and state-of-the-art digital platforms  developed in its digital hubs in Padua and Portland  and made available to Opticians and Clients for an unmatched customer experience. Guided by its purpose  See the world at its best  Safilo is leading its Group legacy  founded on innovation and responsibility  onwards towards the future.With an extensive global presence  Safilo's business model enables it to monitor its entire production and distribution chain. From research and development in five prestigious design studios  located in Padua  Milan  New York  Hong Kong and Portland  to its company-owned production facilities and network of qualified manufacturing partners  Safilo Group ensures that every product offers the perfect fit and meets high quality standards. Reaching approximately 100 000 selected points of sale worldwide with an extensive wholly owned network of subsidiaries in 40 countries and more than 50 partners in 70 countries  Safilo's well-established traditional wholesale distribution model  which encompasses eyecare retailers  chains  department stores  specialized retailers  boutiques  duty free shops and sporting goods stores  is complemented by Direct-to-Consumer and Internet pure player sales platforms  in line with the Group's development strategies.Safilo Group's portfolio encompasses home brands: Carrera  Polaroid  Smith  Blenders  Privé Revaux and Seventh Street. Theperpetual license agreement for David Beckham Eyewear. Licensed brands include: Banana Republic  BOSS  Carolina Herrera  Dsquared2  Etro  Fossil  havaianas  HUGO  Isabel Marant  Juicy Couture  Kate Spade New York  Levi's  Liz Claiborne  Love Moschino  Marc Jacobs  Missoni  M Missoni  Moschino  Pierre Cardin  PORTS  rag&bone  Stuart Weitzman  Tommy Hilfiger  Tommy Jeans and Under Armour.The parent company  Safilo Group S.p.A.  is listed on the Euronext Milan organized and managed by Borsa Italiana (ISIN code IT0004604762  Bloomberg SFL.IM  Reuters SFLG.MI). In 2023  Safilo Group recorded net revenues for Euro 1 024.7 million.Contacts:Safilo Group Investor Relations Barbara Ferrantebarbara.ferrante@safilo.comPh. +39 049 6985766https://www.safilogroup.com/en/investorsSafilo Group Press Office Elena Todiscoelena.todisco@safilo.comMob. +39 339 1919562Barabino&Partners S.p.A. Pietro Cavallerap.cavallera@barabino.itPh. +39 02 72023535 Mob. +39 338 9350534,neutral,0.01,0.98,0.01,neutral,0.03,0.96,0.01,True,English,"['Safilo S', 'share capital', 'Notice', 'change', 'Safilo Group Investor Relations Barbara Ferrantebarbara', 'Internet pure player sales platforms', 'Barabino&Partners S.p.A.', 'Safilo Group S.p.A', 'five prestigious design studios', 'Kate Spade New York', 'traditional wholesale distribution model', 'Safilo Group Press Office', 'art digital platforms', 'unmatched customer experience', 'qualified manufacturing partners', 'high quality standards', 'duty free shops', 'perpetual license agreement', 'Reuters SFLG.MI', 'company-owned production facilities', 'sporting goods stores', 'David Beckham Eyewear', ""competent Companies' Register"", 'extensive global presence', 'global player', 'internet address', 'Group legacy', 'registered office', 'traditional boundaries', 'Italian design', 'business model', 'distribution chain', 'digital hubs', 'entire production', 'department stores', 'eyewear industry', 'outdoor eyewear', 'central storage', 'regulated information', 'relevant registration', 'prescription frames', 'data-driven approach', 'stylistic, technical', 'Hong Kong', 'perfect fit', '100,000 selected points', 'eyecare retailers', 'specialized retailers', 'Privé Revaux', 'Seventh Street', 'Banana Republic', 'Carolina Herrera', 'Isabel Marant', 'Juicy Couture', 'Liz Claiborne', 'Marc Jacobs', 'Pierre Cardin', 'rag&bone', 'Stuart Weitzman', 'Tommy Hilfiger', 'Tommy Jeans', 'Borsa Italiana', 'ISIN code', 'Bloomberg SFL', 'net revenues', 'Elena Todiscoelena', 'Pietro Cavallerap', 'one company', 'industrial innovation', 'development strategies', 'home brands', 'Love Moschino', 'M Missoni', 'parent company', 'Euronext Milan', '50 partners', 'Articles', 'Association', 'Padua', '1INFO', 'website', 'safilogroup', 'governance', 'May', '90 years', 'sunglasses', 'goggles', 'helmets', 'Portland', 'Opticians', 'Clients', 'purpose', 'world', 'responsibility', 'future', 'research', 'network', 'subsidiaries', '40 countries', '70 countries', 'chains', 'boutiques', 'Consumer', 'line', 'portfolio', 'Carrera', 'Polaroid', 'Smith', 'Blenders', 'The', 'Licensed', 'BOSS', 'Fossil', 'havaianas', 'HUGO', 'Levi', 'PORTS', 'Armour', 'IM', 'Contacts', 'comPh.', 'investors', 'itPh.', 'Mob']",2024-05-13,2024-05-14,marketscreener.com
40843,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.etfdailynews.com/2024/05/13/insider-buying-segro-plc-lonsgro-insider-acquires-408-shares-of-stock/,Insider Buying: SEGRO Plc (LON:SGRO) Insider Acquires 408 Shares of Stock,SEGRO Plc (LON:SGRO – Get Free Report) insider Soumen Das bought 408 shares of SEGRO stock in a transaction on Friday  May 10th. The shares were acquired at an average cost of GBX 882 ($11.08) per share  with a total value of £3 598.56 ($4 520.80). SEGRO Stoc…,SEGRO Plc (LON:SGRO – Get Free Report) insider Soumen Das bought 408 shares of SEGRO stock in a transaction on Friday  May 10th. The shares were acquired at an average cost of GBX 882 ($11.08) per share  with a total value of £3 598.56 ($4 520.80).SEGRO Stock Down 1.5 %Shares of SGRO stock opened at GBX 880.80 ($11.07) on Monday. The company’s fifty day simple moving average is GBX 870.92 and its two-hundred day simple moving average is GBX 847.21. SEGRO Plc has a 52 week low of GBX 675 ($8.48) and a 52 week high of GBX 913 ($11.47). The stock has a market cap of £11.89 billion  a P/E ratio of -4 259.15  a PEG ratio of 2.12 and a beta of 0.75. The company has a quick ratio of 0.62  a current ratio of 0.88 and a debt-to-equity ratio of 50.61.Get SEGRO alerts:SEGRO Increases DividendThe company also recently disclosed a dividend  which was paid on Friday  May 3rd. Stockholders of record on Thursday  March 14th were issued a dividend of GBX 19.10 ($0.24) per share. This represents a dividend yield of 2.29%. This is a boost from SEGRO’s previous dividend of $8.70. The ex-dividend date of this dividend was Thursday  March 14th. SEGRO’s dividend payout ratio is -13 333.33%.Analyst Ratings ChangesA number of research analysts have recently weighed in on the company. Barclays raised SEGRO to an “overweight” rating in a research report on Wednesday  April 3rd. Berenberg Bank upped their price target on shares of SEGRO from GBX 863 ($10.84) to GBX 940 ($11.81) and gave the stock a “hold” rating in a research report on Thursday  February 22nd. JPMorgan Chase & Co. restated an “overweight” rating on shares of SEGRO in a research note on Wednesday  April 10th. HSBC raised SEGRO to a “buy” rating and set a GBX 964 ($12.11) price target on the stock in a report on Thursday  March 21st. Finally  Jefferies Financial Group reaffirmed a “buy” rating and issued a GBX 1 042 ($13.09) price objective on shares of SEGRO in a research note on Thursday  April 18th. One equities research analyst has rated the stock with a hold rating and five have given a buy rating to the stock. Based on data from MarketBeat.com  the company currently has an average rating of “Moderate Buy” and an average price target of GBX 982 ($12.34).Read Our Latest Stock Analysis on SEGROSEGRO Company Profile(Get Free Report)SEGRO is a UK Real Estate Investment Trust (REIT)  listed on the London Stock Exchange and Euronext Paris  and is a leading owner  manager and developer of modern warehouses and industrial property. It owns or manages 10.4 million square metres of space (112 million square feet) valued at £20.7 billion serving customers from a wide range of industry sectors.Read MoreReceive News & Ratings for SEGRO Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for SEGRO and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.,neutral,0.02,0.97,0.01,neutral,0.03,0.92,0.05,True,English,"['SEGRO Plc', 'Insider Buying', 'SGRO', '408 Shares', 'Stock', 'UK Real Estate Investment Trust', 'fifty day simple moving average', 'two-hundred day simple moving average', 'One equities research analyst', 'FREE daily email newsletter', 'insider Soumen Das', 'Jefferies Financial Group', '10.4 million square metres', 'concise daily summary', 'average price target', 'Analyst Ratings Changes', 'London Stock Exchange', 'Latest Stock Analysis', 'GBX 1,042 ($13.09) price objective', 'Get Free Report', 'GBX 964 ($12.11) price target', 'dividend payout ratio', 'SEGRO Company Profile', 'average cost', 'average rating', 'email address', 'SEGRO Daily', 'research report', 'research note', 'P/E ratio', 'PEG ratio', 'quick ratio', 'current ratio', 'equity ratio', 'total value', 'market cap', 'ex-dividend date', 'overweight” rating', 'Berenberg Bank', 'hold” rating', 'JPMorgan Chase', 'buy” rating', 'hold rating', 'buy rating', 'MarketBeat.com', 'Moderate Buy', 'Euronext Paris', 'leading owner', 'modern warehouses', 'industrial property', 'wide range', 'industry sectors', 'latest news', 'related companies', 'research analysts', 'dividend yield', 'previous dividend', 'SEGRO Plc', 'May 10th', 'SEGRO alerts', 'SEGRO Increases', 'SEGRO stock', 'SGRO stock', '408 shares', 'transaction', 'Friday', 'Monday', '52 week', 'beta', 'debt', 'Stockholders', 'record', 'Thursday', 'March', 'boost', 'number', 'Barclays', 'Wednesday', 'April', 'February', 'Co.', 'HSBC', 'data', 'REIT', 'manager', 'developer', 'space', 'customers']",2024-05-13,2024-05-14,etfdailynews.com
40844,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/ECONOCOM-GROUP-SE-35111311/news/Econocom-Group-Se-Treasury-shares-46708056/,Econocom Group Se :  Treasury shares,(marketscreener.com)  Press releaseREGULATED INFORMATION13 May 2024Treasury sharesAs part of the treasury shares buybacks approved by the general meeting of shareholders on 30 November 2021  Econocom Group SE carried out  from 6 May 2024 to 12 May 202…,"Press releaseREGULATED INFORMATION13 May 2024Treasury sharesAs part of the treasury shares buybacks approved by the general meeting of shareholders on 30 November 2021  Econocom Group SE carried out  from 6 May 2024 to 12 May 2024  the following transactions concerning the Econocom Group share:Date Negotiationmethod Transactions Quantities Averageprice(€) Minimumprice(€) Maximumprice(€) 06/05/2024 stock exchange Purchase 57 653 2.247 2.240 2.290 07/05/2024 stock exchange Purchase 1 367 2.300 2.300 2.300 08/05/2024 stock exchange Purchase 9 356 2.348 2.330 2.360 09/05/2024 stock exchange Purchase 4 709 2.351 2.330 2.365 10/05/2024 stock exchange Purchase 8 151 2.401 2.350 2.435 Total 81 236On 13 May 2024  Econocom Group SE held 6 633 577 Econocom Group shares out of a total number of 179 045 899 securities issued. amounting to 3.70% of the firm's securities.All press releases about the treasury shares buyback program are published in the section ‘Regulated Information – Treasury Shares Buyback' on the financial part of Econocom's website.ABOUT ECONOCOMThe Econocom group  which was founded 50 years ago  is a pioneer in support for digital transformation of companies. Its solutions  which focus on developing and transforming the workplace  infrastructure  audiovisual technology and digital signage  cover the full range of responsibilities in expertise needed to carry out digital projects  from the design phase and guidance in choosing a solution to equipment roll-out and managed services. This includes equipment purchasing or leasing  equipment customisation and equipment-related services  as well as the refurbishing of products at the end of their lifespan. Econocom is present in 16 countries and has more than 8 800 employees. It is listed on Euronext in Brussels  on the BEL Mid and Family Business indexes  and it made €2.681 billion in revenue in 2023.FOR MORE INFORMATIONwww.econocom.comInvestor and shareholder relations contact: benjamin.pehau@econocom.comFinancial communication agency contact: info@capvalue.fr +33 1 80 81 50 00This publication embed ""🔒 Actusnews SECURITY MASTER "".- SECURITY MASTER Key: xphrlpubaG/Ix55waJZnZ5aVapqUm2SamGnIk2eemMvFmW2VlGxqa8eaZnFmnGtn- Check this key: https://www.security-master-key.com .Regulated information:Inside Information:- other releases Full and original press release in PDF: https://www.actusnews.com/news/85761-cp-rachat-d_actions-propres-2024-5-13-vuk.pdfReceive by email the next press releases of the company by registering on www.actusnews.com   it's free© 2024 ActusNews",neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,neutral,0.04,0.94,0.01,True,English,"['Econocom Group', 'Treasury shares', 'Date Negotiation method Transactions Quantities Average price', 'Financial communication agency contact', 'treasury shares buyback program', 'treasury shares buybacks', 'Family Business indexes', 'Econocom Group SE', 'Econocom Group share', 'The Econocom group', 'original press release', 'next press releases', 'SECURITY MASTER Key', 'Actusnews SECURITY MASTER', 'following transactions', 'Minimum price', 'Maximum price', 'financial part', 'other releases', 'general meeting', 'total number', 'digital transformation', 'audiovisual technology', 'digital signage', 'digital projects', 'design phase', 'BEL Mid', 'shareholder relations', 'REGULATED INFORMATION', 'Inside Information', 'full range', 'equipment-related services', 'equipment customisation', '2024 ActusNews', 'May', 'shareholders', '30 November', '179,045,899 securities', 'firm', 'section', 'website', 'ABOUT', 'pioneer', 'support', 'companies', 'solutions', 'workplace', 'infrastructure', 'responsibilities', 'expertise', 'guidance', 'managed', 'refurbishing', 'products', 'end', 'lifespan', '16 countries', '8,800 employees', 'Euronext', 'Brussels', 'revenue', 'MORE', 'Investor', 'benjamin', 'pehau', 'capvalue', 'publication', 'xphrlpubaG', 'Ix55waJZnZ5aVapqUm2SamGnIk2eemMvFmW2VlGxqa8eaZnFmnGtn', 'PDF', 'rachat', 'propres', 'email', 'company']",2024-05-13,2024-05-14,marketscreener.com
40845,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/WOLTERS-KLUWER-N-V-6291/news/For-13th-Consecutive-Year-Wolters-Kluwer-Customer-Service-Wins-NorthFace-ScoreBoard-Awards-46708041/,For 13th Consecutive Year  Wolters Kluwer Customer Service Wins NorthFace ScoreBoard Awards,(marketscreener.com) Customer service and product support teams across Ovid  Lippincott  and Audio Digest recognized for world-class servicehttps://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/WOLTERS-KLUWER-N-V-6291/news/For-13th-Consecutive-Year-Wolters-Kluwer-Cus…,Customer service and product support teams across Ovid  Lippincott  and Audio Digest recognized for world-class serviceWolters Kluwer Health continues to provide excellent customer experience for its products  services and solutions  as the company received prestigious recognition with multiple award wins in the 2023 NorthFace ScoreBoard (NFSB) Awards. The teams from Ovid®  Lippincott®  and Audio Digest® were part of the group that has been recognized by the Customer Relationship Management Institute LLC (CRMI).This press release features multimedia. View the full release here: https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20240513153173/en/Wolters Kluwer Health is recognized for providing excellent customer experience for its products  services  and solutions. (Graphic: Business Wire)“To be recognized by this program for thirteen straight years is a truly remarkable accomplishment and I am incredibly proud of the groups that make customer service their top priority day-in and day-out ” said Stacey Caywood  Chief Executive Officer  Wolters Kluwer Health. “Our customers are at the heart of everything we do  and we will continue to work hard to build and keep their trust in our brand.”Providing the best experience for customersNow in its 24th year  the NFSB Service Award is presented annually to companies who  as rated solely by their own customers  achieved excellence in customer service during the previous calendar year. CRMI created the NFSB Service Award program to recognize organizations who offer exemplary service to their customers and have a deep commitment to the principles of respect  employee empowerment and trust in others. In 2023  more than 5 000 companies were invited to participate in the NFSB Service Audit Program globally.Wolters Kluwer’s Health Learning  Research & Practice customer service teams continue to show the company’s commitment to building profitable  long-term customer loyalty by continuously exceeding customer expectations. The product line support teams achieved an overall customer support satisfaction ScoreBoard Index (SBI) rating (scale of 1-5) of 4.8 and a Net Promoter Score of 82 – both of which are world-class scores according to CRMI.World-class service  year after yearTo qualify for the NFSB Awards a company must measure their customers’ satisfaction with their overall customer service on a calendar year basis and achieve a 4.0 or above out of a possible 5.0 rating. Additionally  Wolters Kluwer was included in the “Summit-class ” reserved for organizations which have been NFSB Service recipients for at least seven consecutive years  have implemented a formal CXDNA playbook strategy  and provide employee engagement soft skills training.“Given that the industry average for NPS is below 40%  Wolters Kluwer is in elite company for all things customer service ” said John Maraganis  CEO and President of CRMI. “Having a CX strategy that is strong and well thought out continues to show that it is a critical part of any highly successful organization.”For more information about Wolters Kluwer  please visit: www.wolterskluwer.com.About Wolters KluwerWolters Kluwer (EURONEXT: WKL) is a global leader in information  software solutions and services for professionals in healthcare; tax and accounting; financial and corporate compliance; legal and regulatory; corporate performance and ESG. We help our customers make critical decisions every day by providing expert solutions that combine deep domain knowledge with technology and services.Wolters Kluwer reported 2023 annual revenues of €5.6 billion. The group serves customers in over 180 countries  maintains operations in over 40 countries  and employs approximately 21 400 people worldwide. The company is headquartered in Alphen aan den Rijn  the Netherlands.For more information  visit www.wolterskluwer.com  follow us on LinkedIn  Facebook  YouTube and Instagram.View source version on businesswire.com: https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20240513153173/en/,neutral,0.3,0.69,0.01,positive,0.7,0.29,0.01,True,English,"['Wolters Kluwer Customer Service', '13th Consecutive Year', 'NorthFace ScoreBoard Awards', 'overall customer support satisfaction ScoreBoard Index', 'employee engagement soft skills training', 'Customer Relationship Management Institute LLC', 'Alphen aan den Rijn', 'profitable, long-term customer loyalty', 'formal CXDNA playbook strategy', 'product line support teams', 'Practice customer service teams', 'NFSB Service Audit Program', 'NFSB Service Award program', 'product support teams', 'overall customer service', 'multiple award wins', 'thirteen straight years', 'Chief Executive Officer', 'Health Learning, Research', 'Net Promoter Score', 'seven consecutive years', 'excellent customer experience', 'NFSB Service recipients', 'deep domain knowledge', 'previous calendar year', 'calendar year basis', 'Wolters Kluwer Health', '2023 NorthFace ScoreBoard', 'employee empowerment', 'customer expectations', 'customers’ satisfaction', 'NFSB) Awards', 'NFSB Awards', 'CX strategy', 'world-class service', 'exemplary service', 'best experience', '24th year', 'Audio Digest', 'prestigious recognition', 'press release', 'full release', 'Business Wire', 'remarkable accomplishment', 'Stacey Caywood', 'deep commitment', 'SBI) rating', 'world-class scores', 'possible 5.0 rating', 'industry average', 'John Maraganis', 'successful organization', 'global leader', 'corporate compliance', 'corporate performance', 'critical decisions', '2023 annual revenues', 'source version', 'critical part', 'software solutions', 'expert solutions', 'elite company', 'Ovid', 'Lippincott', 'products', 'services', 'group', 'CRMI', 'multimedia', 'businesswire', 'news', 'Graphic', 'heart', 'everything', 'trust', 'brand', 'companies', 'excellence', 'organizations', 'principles', 'respect', 'others', 'scale', 'Summit-class', 'NPS', 'things', 'CEO', 'President', 'information', 'wolterskluwer', 'EURONEXT', 'WKL', 'professionals', 'healthcare', 'tax', 'accounting', 'financial', 'legal', 'regulatory', 'ESG.', 'technology', '180 countries', 'operations', '40 countries', '21,400 people', 'Netherlands', 'LinkedIn', 'Facebook', 'YouTube', 'Instagram']",2024-05-13,2024-05-14,marketscreener.com
40846,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.investing.com/news/press-releases/groupe-berkem-unveils-biombalance-and-pineol--premium-two-active-ingredients-from-its-new-nutraceutical-range-93CH-3437633,Groupe Berkem Unveils Biombalance™ and Pineol ® Premium  two Active Ingredients From Its New Nutraceutical Range By Investing.com,Groupe Berkem Unveils Biombalance™ and Pineol ® Premium  two Active Ingredients From Its New Nutraceutical Range,"Polyphenols  in particular OPCs1  extracted from upcycled raw materials and recognized for their many benefits to human healthDemonstration of Groupe Berkem's proven expertise in plant extraction and local sourcing of high-quality raw materialsInnovative range of five ingredients dedicated to the highly dynamic dietary supplement marketPresentation of the range on May 14 to 16  2024 at the Vitafoods trade show in Geneva  booth H254  hall 6BLANQUEFORT  France--(BUSINESS WIRE)--Regulatory News:Groupe Berkem (Paris:ALKEM)  a leading player in bio-based chemistry (ISIN code: FR00140069V2 “ Ticker: ALKEM)  unveils today Pineol ® Premium and Biombalance™  from its new range of premium ingredients for the Nutraceutical market.Nathalie LÃ©vy  Marketing Manager for Groupe Berkem's Health  Beauty & Nutrition business area  stated: ""The ingredients making up our new nutraceutical range once again highlight Groupe Berkem's ability to capitalize on its recognized know-how to position itself in a fast-growing market. Our long-standing expertise in scientific objectification and plant extraction  particularly in pine bark and grape seeds  combined with our commitment to continuous improvement in raw material sourcing  ensures that we can offer to the market active ingredients that are effective and recognized for their benefits to human health. Our two flagship ingredients  Biombalance™ and Pineol ® Premium  are perfect examples of this expertise. The recent strengthening of our industrial base through the acquisition of Naturex Iberian Partners in Spain lends further credibility to the unique value proposition of our range for this strategic market.Based on Groupe Berkem's long-standing expertise in the extraction of plant compounds  the nutraceutical range developed by the Group meets the growing demand for naturalness in this fast-growing global market. The dietary supplements market is dominated by the United States  which accounted for over $62 billion in 2023  with estimated growth of 2.6%2. In Western Europe  the dietary supplements market was estimated to worth €14.5 billion in 2023 and is expected to grow by around 5% a year between now and 20283.here or remove ads . 3rd party Ad. Not an offer or recommendation by Investing.com. See disclosureorThe plant extracts in this new range of Groupe Berkem are rigorously selected  guaranteed allergen-free  gluten-free  kosher and halal  and come from a French upcycling supply4. Extracted from grape seeds  Biombalance™ is an innovative ingredient for gut health and microbiota modulation. Pineol ® Premium is an extract of Landes pine bark  high in OPCs  sourced and produced by the Group. Its health benefits have been extensively studied and demonstrated.Three additional premium ingredients  with recognized virtues for human health  also make up this innovative range  namely Symint™  Mallowsym™ and Symthym™  respectively based on the benefits of peppermint on digestive comfort  marshmallow root to soothe the throat and thyme on breathing.The launch of this new range follows on from the acquisition of i.Bioceuticals in February 2023  which gave Groupe Berkem a footprint in North America  the world's leading Nutraceutical market. The recent acquisition of Naturex Iberian Partners  Givaudan's industrial site in Valencia  Spain  is also strengthening the Group's position in this strategic market by significantly increasing the Group's plant extraction production capacity.Vitafoods™ Europe ShowGroupe Berkem will present its new range for the Nutraceutical market on May 14-16  2024  at Vitafoods in Geneva  on booth H254  hall 6.ABOUT GROUPE BERKEMFounded in 1993 by Olivier Fahy  Chairman and Chief Executive Officer  Groupe Berkem is a leading force in the bio-based chemicals market. Its mission is to advance the environmental transition of companies producing the chemicals used in everyday life (Construction & Materials  Health  Beauty & Nutrition  Hygiene & Protection  and Industry). By harnessing its expertise in both plant extraction and innovative formulations  Groupe Berkem has developed bio-based boosters”unique high-quality bio-based solutions augmenting the performance of synthetic molecules. Groupe Berkem achieved revenue of €51.9 million in 2023. The Group has almost 200 employees working at its head office (Blanquefort  Gironde) and 4 production facilities in Gardonne (Dordogne)  La Teste-de-Buch (Gironde)  Chartres (Eure-et-Loir) and Tonneins (Lot-et-Garonne).here or remove ads . 3rd party Ad. Not an offer or recommendation by Investing.com. See disclosureorGroupe Berkem has been listed on Euronext Growth Paris since December 2021 (ISIN code: FR00140069V2 - ALKEM)www.groupeberkem.com1 Oligomeric ProanthoCyanidins2 Nutrition Business Journal  Supplement Business report  20233 Actif magazine  May 20244 With the exception of Mallowsym  sourced from EuropeView source version on businesswire.com: https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20240513851899/en/Groupe BerkemOlivier Fahy  Chairman and CEOAnthony Labrugnas  Chief Financial OfficerTÃ©l. : +33 (0)5 64 31 06 60investisseurs@berkem.comNewCapInvestor RelationsMathilde Bohin / Nicolas FossiezTÃ©l. : +33 (0)1 44 71 94 94Berkem@newcap.euNewCapMedia RelationsNicolas Merigeau / Antoine PacquierTÃ©l. : +33 (0)1 44 71 94 94Berkem@newcap.euSource: Groupe Berkem",neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,mixed,0.22,0.26,0.52,True,English,"['two Active Ingredients', 'New Nutraceutical Range', 'Groupe Berkem', 'Pineol ® Premium', 'Biombalance™', 'Investing', 'unique high-quality bio-based solutions', 'dynamic dietary supplement market', 'Three additional premium ingredients', 'plant extraction production capacity', 'unique value proposition', 'Supplement Business report', 'Nathalie LÃ©vy', 'Naturex Iberian Partners', '3rd party Ad.', 'French upcycling supply', 'Chief Executive Officer', 'Chief Financial Officer', 'dietary supplements market', 'Vitafoods trade show', 'two flagship ingredients', 'high-quality raw materials', 'raw material sourcing', 'Nutrition business area', '2 Nutrition Business Journal', 'Landes pine bark', 'growing global market', 'bio-based chemicals market', 'Vitafoods™ Europe Show', 'leading Nutraceutical market', 'ABOUT GROUPE BERKEM', 'Euronext Growth Paris', 'new nutraceutical range', 'bio-based chemistry', '4 production facilities', 'growing market', 'BUSINESS WIRE', 'local sourcing', 'strategic market', 'Pineol ® Premium', 'five ingredients', 'leading player', 'active ingredients', 'plant compounds', 'growing demand', 'plant extracts', 'leading force', 'new range', 'ISIN code', 'Marketing Manager', 'scientific objectification', 'grape seeds', 'continuous improvement', 'perfect examples', 'recent strengthening', 'industrial base', 'United States', 'Western Europe', 'Investing.com', 'innovative ingredient', 'microbiota modulation', 'digestive comfort', 'i.Bioceuticals', 'North America', 'industrial site', 'Olivier Fahy', 'environmental transition', 'everyday life', 'innovative formulations', 'synthetic molecules', 'head office', 'La Teste-de-Buch', '1 Oligomeric ProanthoCyanidins', '3 Actif magazine', 'source version', 'Anthony Labrugnas', 'Innovative range', 'human health', 'gut health', 'proven expertise', 'long-standing expertise', 'many benefits', 'Regulatory News', 'recent acquisition', 'health benefits', 'The Group', 'Polyphenols', 'OPCs', 'Demonstration', 'highly', 'Presentation', 'May', 'Geneva', 'booth', 'hall', 'BLANQUEFORT', 'France', 'ALKEM', 'Ticker', 'Biombalance™', 'Beauty', 'ability', 'know', 'commitment', 'Spain', 'credibility', 'naturalness', 'ads', 'offer', 'recommendation', 'disclosureor', 'allergen-free', 'gluten-free', 'kosher', 'halal', 'virtues', 'Symint™', 'Mallowsym™', 'Symthym™', 'peppermint', 'marshmallow', 'throat', 'thyme', 'breathing', 'launch', 'February', 'footprint', 'world', 'Givaudan', 'Valencia', 'H25', 'Chairman', 'mission', 'companies', 'Construction', 'Hygiene', 'Protection', 'Industry', 'performance', 'revenue', '200 employees', 'Gironde', 'Gardonne', 'Dordogne', 'Chartres', 'Eure', 'Loir', 'Tonneins', 'Lot', 'Garonne', 'December', 'groupeberkem', 'exception', 'View', 'businesswire', 'CEO', 'TÃ']",2024-05-13,2024-05-14,investing.com
40847,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/EUROAPI-137177484/news/Evelyne-Nguyen-appointed-EUROAPI-s-Chief-Financial-Officer-46708234/,Evelyne Nguyen appointed EUROAPI's Chief Financial Officer,(marketscreener.com)  Press Release     Paris – May 13  2024 - Evelyne Nguyen has been appointed EUROAPI’s Chief Financial Officer  effective May 14  2024  and will be a member of the Executive Committee. She is taking over from Antoine Delcour  who is leavin…,Press ReleaseParis – May 13  2024 - Evelyne Nguyen has been appointed EUROAPI’s Chief Financial Officer  effective May 14  2024  and will be a member of the Executive Committee. She is taking over from Antoine Delcour  who is leaving the company to pursue new endeavors. Antoine will remain within the company until the end of June to ensure a smooth transition.“The entire company and the Board of Directors join me in expressing our sincere gratitude to Antoine for his outstanding dedication to EUROAPI over the past four years  and I would like to thank him personally for his unwavering support since I have joined the company as CEO ” said Ludwig De Mot  EUROAPI Chief Executive Officer. “I am delighted to welcome Evelyne  a seasoned executive with extensive experience in the healthcare industry. She will play a decisive role in implementing our FOCUS-27 transformation project  particularly in improving cash flow.”Evelyne joins EUROAPI with over 30 years of experience in senior management and finance in the pharmaceutical and life science industries. Throughout her career  Evelyne held various finance  strategy  and management positions in listed and non-listed companies  such as Bristol Myers Squibb  SAUR  and LFB (Laboratoire Français du Fractionnement et des Biotechnologies). She has recently assisted Biotech and Medtech companies with their strategic and financial projects.“I am excited by the opportunity to join EUROAPI in this moment marked by significant transformation and FOCUS-27 which is instrumental for the company going forward. I am committed to being a part of EUROAPI's teams to ensure the success of the crucial projects and challenges that lie ahead ” Evelyne said.Evelyne Nguyen professional backgroundA graduate of ISG (Institut Supérieur de Gestion) and Stanford University Executive Program  Evelyne Nguyen started her career in Controlling and Finance for various international companies such as Coca-Cola and Schweppes. In 1987  she joined Bristol Myers Squibb France as a Business Planning and Financial Analysis Manager and pursued her career in Finance at SAUR (formerly Bouygues Group) in 1992. In 2007  she joined LFB  a biopharmaceutical company specialized in plasma derived medicinal products  and served during 12 years as CFO-Executive Vice President Finance and Strategy  supervising Strategic Planning  M&A  Corporate Finance  Internal Audit  and Information Systems. As a member of the Executive Committee  she was appointed Executive Vice President of Development and Biomanufacturing in 2010  in charge  notably  of CDMO business development  manufacturing scale up and strategic alliances.Evelyne has international experience with Europe  US and Asia. Since 2013  Evelyne Nguyen has worked as Finance  Strategy  and Business Development Advisor  supporting healthcare companies in several areas  including IPOs  debt and fund raising  strategic roadmap  business plan  and M&A.About EUROAPIEUROAPI is focused on reinventing active ingredient solutions to sustainably meet customers’ and patients’ needs around the world. We are a leading player in active pharmaceutical ingredients with approximately 200 products in our portfolio  offering a large span of technologies while developing innovative molecules through our Contract Development and Manufacturing Organization (CDMO) activities.Taking action for health by enabling access to essential therapies inspires our 3 650 people every day. With strong research and development capabilities and six manufacturing sites  all located in Europe  EUROAPI ensures API manufacturing of the highest quality to supply customers in more than 80 countries. EUROAPI is listed on Euronext Paris; ISIN: FR0014008VX5; ticker: EAPI). Find out more at www.euroapi.com and follow us on LinkedIn.Media Relations contact:Laurence BollackTel.: +33 (0)6 81 86 80 19mr@euroapi.comInvestor Relations contacts:Sophie Palliez-CapianTel.: +33 (0)6 87 89 33 51Sophie.palliez@euroapi.comCamille RicotierTel : +33 (0)6 43 29 93 79Camille.ricotier@euroapi.comForward-Looking StatementsCertain information contained in this press release is forward looking and not historical data. These forward-looking statements are based on opinions  projections and current assumptions including  but not limited to  assumptions concerning the Group’s current and future strategy  financial and non-financial future results and the environment in which the Group operates  as well as events  operations  future services or product development and potential. Forward-looking statements are generally identified by the words “expects”  “anticipates”  “believes”  “intends”  “estimates”  “plans” and similar expressions. Forward looking statements and information do not constitute guarantees of future performances  and are subject to known or unknown risks  uncertainties and other factors  a large number of which are difficult to predict and generally outside the control of the Group  which could cause actual results  performances or achievements  or the results of the sector or other events  to differ materially from those described or suggested by these forward-looking statements. These risks and uncertainties include those that are indicated and detailed in Chapter 3 “Risk factors” of the Universal Registration Document filed with the French Financial Markets Authority (Autorité des marchés financiers  AMF) on April 5  2024. These forward-looking statements are given only as of the date of this press release and the Group expressly declines any obligation or commitment to publish updates or corrections of the forward-looking statements included in this press release in order to reflect any change affecting the forecasts or events  conditions or circumstances on which these forward-looking statements are based.Attachment,neutral,0.02,0.97,0.0,mixed,0.55,0.15,0.3,True,English,"['Chief Financial Officer', 'Evelyne Nguyen', 'EUROAPI', 'Institut Supérieur de Gestion', 'Stanford University Executive Program', 'Bristol Myers Squibb France', 'CFO-Executive Vice President Finance', 'Evelyne Nguyen professional background', 'EUROAPI Chief Executive Officer', 'Ludwig De Mot', 'Chief Financial Officer', 'life science industries', 'Laboratoire Français', 'active ingredient solutions', 'Media Relations contact', 'Investor Relations contacts', 'FOCUS-27 transformation project', 'Financial Analysis Manager', 'six manufacturing sites', 'Forward looking statements', 'active pharmaceutical ingredients', 'various international companies', 'past four years', 'Business Development Advisor', 'CDMO business development', 'financial future results', 'Executive Committee', 'seasoned executive', 'significant transformation', 'Business Planning', 'CDMO) activities', 'financial projects', 'Medtech companies', 'healthcare companies', 'manufacturing scale', 'Manufacturing Organization', 'API manufacturing', 'Forward-Looking Statements', 'future services', 'international experience', 'Contract Development', 'development capabilities', 'product development', 'Press Release', 'new endeavors', 'smooth transition', 'sincere gratitude', 'outstanding dedication', 'unwavering support', 'healthcare industry', 'decisive role', 'cash flow', 'senior management', 'management positions', 'crucial projects', 'M&A', 'Internal Audit', 'several areas', 'fund raising', 'patients’ needs', 'leading player', 'large span', 'innovative molecules', 'essential therapies', 'strong research', 'highest quality', 'Laurence Bollack', 'historical data', 'similar expressions', 'unknown risks', 'other factors', 'large number', 'actual results', 'Strategic Planning', 'strategic alliances', 'strategic roadmap', 'future performances', 'extensive experience', 'Corporate Finance', 'medicinal products', 'Euronext Paris', 'Sophie Palliez-Capian', 'future strategy', 'Antoine Delcour', 'entire company', 'biopharmaceutical company', 'Information Systems', 'Bouygues Group', 'Camille Ricotier', 'current assumptions', '30 years', '12 years', '200 products', 'May', 'member', 'June', 'Board', 'Directors', 'CEO', 'career', 'listed', 'SAUR', 'LFB', 'Fractionnement', 'Biotechnologies', 'opportunity', 'moment', 'part', 'teams', 'success', 'challenges', 'graduate', 'ISG', 'Controlling', 'Coca-Cola', 'Schweppes', 'plasma', 'Biomanufacturing', 'charge', 'Europe', 'Asia', 'IPOs', 'debt', 'world', 'portfolio', 'access', '3,650 people', 'customers', '80 countries', 'ticker', 'EAPI', 'LinkedIn', 'Tel.', 'mr', 'opinions', 'projections', 'environment', 'events', 'operations', 'potential', 'words', 'expects', 'believes', 'estimates', 'plans', 'guarantees', 'uncertainties', 'achievements', 'sec']",2024-05-13,2024-05-14,marketscreener.com
40848,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/STMICROELECTRONICS-N-V-4710/news/STMicroelectronics-N-Announces-Status-of-Common-Share-Repurchase-Program-Form-6-K-46709895/,STMicroelectronics N : Announces Status of Common Share Repurchase Program - Form 6-K,(marketscreener.com)   UNITED STATES   SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION   Washington  D.C. 20549   FORM 6-K   REPORT OF FOREIGN PRIVATE ISSUER PURSUANT TO RULE 13a-16 OR 15d-16 UNDER THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934   For the month of Ma…,"UNITED STATESSECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSIONWashington  D.C. 20549FORM 6-KREPORT OF FOREIGN PRIVATE ISSUER PURSUANT TO RULE 13a-16 OR 15d-16 UNDER THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934For the month of May  2024Commission File Number: 1-13546STMicroelectronics N.V.(Name of Registrant)WTC Schiphol AirportSchiphol Boulevard 2651118 BH Schiphol AirportThe Netherlands(Address of Principal Executive Offices)Indicate by check mark whether the registrant files or will file annual reports under cover of Form 20-F or Form 40-F:Form 20-F x Form 40-F oEnclosure: A press release dated May 13  2024  announcing the results of trading in STMicroelectronics' own shares as part of the previously announced share buy-back program for the period from May 6  2024 to May 10  2024.PR N°C3257CSTMicroelectronics Announces Status ofCommon Share Repurchase ProgramDisclosure of Transactions in Own Shares - Period from May 06  2024 to May 10  2024AMSTERDAM - May 13  2024 -- STMicroelectronics N.V. (the ""Company"" or ""STMicroelectronics"")  a global semiconductor leader serving customers across the spectrum of electronics applications  announces full details of its common share repurchase program (the ""Program"") disclosed via a press release dated July 1  2021. The Program was approved by a shareholder resolution dated May 27  2021 and by the supervisory board.STMicroelectronics N.V. (registered with the trade register under number 33194537) (LEI: 213800Z8NOHIKRI42W10) announces the repurchase (by a broker acting for the Company) on the regulated market of Euronext Paris  in the period between May 06  2024 to May 10  2024 (the ""Period"")  of 175 000 ordinary shares (equal to 0.02% of its issued share capital) at the weighted average purchase price per share of EUR 37.5684 and for an overall price of EUR 6 574 466.00.The purpose of these transactions under article 5(2) of Regulation (EU) 596/2014 (the Market Abuse Regulation) was to meet obligations arising from debt financial instruments that are exchangeable into equity instruments.The shares may be held in treasury prior to being used for such purpose and  to the extent that they are not ultimately needed for such purpose  they may be used for any other lawful purpose under article 5(2) of the Market Abuse Regulation.Below is a summary of the repurchase transactions made in the course of the Period in relation to the ordinary shares of STMicroelectronics (ISIN: NL0000226223)  in detailed form.Transactions in PeriodDates of transaction Number of shares purchased Weighted average purchase price per share (EUR) Total amount paid (EUR) Market on which the shares were bought (MIC code) 6-May-24 35 000 37.3062 1 305 717.00 XPAR 8-May-24 50 000 37.7547 1 887 735.00 XPAR 9-May-24 55 000 37.5298 2 064 139.00 XPAR 10-May-24 35 000 37.6250 1 316 875.00 XPAR Total for Period 175 000 37.5684 6 574 466.00Following the share buybacks detailed above  the Company holds in total 11 502 749 treasury shares  which represents approximately 1.3% of the Company's issued share capital.In accordance with Article 5(1)(b) of the Market Abuse Regulation and Article 2(3) of Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) 2016/1052  a full breakdown of the individual trades in the Program are disclosed on the ST website ( https://investors.st.com/stock-and-bond-information/share-buyback ).About STMicroelectronicsAt ST  we are over 50 000 creators and makers of semiconductor technologies mastering the semiconductor supply chain with state-of-the-art manufacturing facilities. An integrated device manufacturer  we work with more than 200 000 customers and thousands of partners to design and build products  solutions  and ecosystems that address their challenges and opportunities  and the need to support a more sustainable world. Our technologies enable smarter mobility  more efficient power and energy management  and the wide-scale deployment of cloud-connected autonomous things. We are committed to achieving our goal to become carbon neutral on scope 1 and 2 and partially scope 3 by 2027. Further information can be found at www.st.com .For further information  please contact:INVESTOR RELATIONS:Céline BerthierGroup VP  Investor RelationsTel: +41.22.929.58.12celine.berthier@st.comMEDIA RELATIONS:Alexis BretonCorporate External CommunicationsTel: +33.6.59.16.79.08alexis.breton@st.comSIGNATURESPursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934  the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned  thereunto duly authorized.",neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,neutral,0.03,0.94,0.03,True,English,"['Common Share Repurchase Program', 'STMicroelectronics N', 'Status', 'Form', 'Céline Berthier Group VP', 'FOREIGN PRIVATE ISSUER PURSUANT', 'Common Share Repurchase Program', 'Principal Executive Offices', 'art manufacturing facilities', 'integrated device manufacturer', 'cloud-connected autonomous things', 'Corporate External Communications', 'WTC Schiphol Airport', '1118 BH Schiphol Airport', 'global semiconductor leader', 'average purchase price', 'semiconductor supply chain', 'debt financial instruments', 'Commission Delegated Regulation', 'SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT', 'Market Abuse Regulation', 'STMicroelectronics N.V.', 'share buy-back program', 'other lawful purpose', 'Commission File Number', 'D.C.', 'EXCHANGE COMMISSION', 'Schiphol Boulevard', 'overall price', 'equity instruments', 'regulated market', 'share capital', 'share buybacks', 'semiconductor technologies', 'UNITED STATES', 'check mark', 'annual reports', 'press release', 'electronics applications', 'full details', 'shareholder resolution', 'supervisory board', 'trade register', 'Euronext Paris', 'repurchase transactions', 'MIC code', 'full breakdown', 'individual trades', 'sustainable world', 'smarter mobility', 'efficient power', 'energy management', 'wide-scale deployment', 'INVESTOR RELATIONS', 'MEDIA RELATIONS', 'Total amount', 'ST website', 'investors.st', 'The Netherlands', 'Own Shares', '175,000 ordinary shares', 'FORM 6-K', 'detailed form', 'Further information', 'Period Dates', '11,502,749 treasury shares', 'Alexis Breton', 'XPAR Total', 'Washington', 'RULE', 'month', 'May', 'Name', 'Registrant', 'Address', 'cover', 'Enclosure', 'results', 'trading', 'part', 'Status', 'Disclosure', 'AMSTERDAM', 'Company', 'customers', 'spectrum', 'LEI', '213800Z8NOHIKRI42W', 'broker', 'article', 'obligations', 'extent', 'summary', 'course', 'ISIN', 'accordance', 'bond', '50,000 creators', 'makers', 'thousands', 'products', 'solutions', 'ecosystems', 'challenges', 'opportunities', 'need', 'goal', 'scope', 'celine', 'SIGNATURES', 'requirements', 'behalf', '1934']",2024-05-13,2024-05-14,marketscreener.com
40849,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2024/05/13/2880910/0/en/Nyxoah-to-Release-First-Quarter-2024-Financial-Results-on-May-14-2024.html,Nyxoah to Release First Quarter 2024 Financial Results on May 14  2024,Nyxoah to Release First Quarter 2024 Financial Results on May 14  2024    Mont-Saint-Guibert  Belgium – May 13  2024  10:30pm CET / 4:30pm ET – Nyxoah...,Nyxoah to Release First Quarter 2024 Financial Results on May 14  2024Mont-Saint-Guibert  Belgium – May 13  2024  10:30pm CET / 4:30pm ET – Nyxoah SA (Euronext Brussels/Nasdaq: NYXH) (“Nyxoah” or the “Company”)  a medical technology company focused on the development and commercialization of innovative solutions to treat Obstructive Sleep Apnea (OSA)  today announced that the Company will release financial results for the first quarter 2024 on Tuesday  May 14  2024  after market close. Company management will host a conference call to discuss financial results that day beginning at 10:30pm CET / 4:30pm ET.A webcast of the call will be accessible via the Investor Relations page of the Nyxoah website or through this link: Nyxoah's Q1 2024 earnings call webcast. For those not planning to ask a question of management  the Company recommends listening via the webcast.If you plan to ask a question  please use the following link: Nyxoah’s Q1 2024 earnings call. After registering  an email will be sent  including dial-in details and a unique conference call access code required to join the live call. To ensure you are connected prior to the beginning of the call  the Company suggests registering a minimum of 10 minutes before the start of the call.The archived webcast will be available for replay shortly after the close of the call.About NyxoahNyxoah is a medical technology company focused on the development and commercialization of innovative solutions to treat Obstructive Sleep Apnea (OSA). Nyxoah’s lead solution is the Genio® system  a patient-centered  leadless and battery-free hypoglossal neurostimulation therapy for OSA  the world’s most common sleep disordered breathing condition that is associated with increased mortality risk and cardiovascular comorbidities. Nyxoah is driven by the vision that OSA patients should enjoy restful nights and feel enabled to live their life to its fullest.For more information  please visit http://www.nyxoah.com/.Caution – CE marked since 2019. Investigational device in the United States. Limited by U.S. federal law to investigational use in the United States.Forward-looking statementsCertain statements  beliefs and opinions in this press release are forward-looking  which reflect the Company's or  as appropriate  the Company directors' or managements' current expectations regarding the Genio® system; planned and ongoing clinical studies of the Genio® system; the potential advantages of the Genio® system; Nyxoah’s goals with respect to the development  regulatory pathway and potential use of the Genio® system; the utility of clinical data in potentially obtaining FDA approval of the Genio® system; and the Company's results of operations  financial condition  liquidity  performance  prospects  growth and strategies. By their nature  forward-looking statements involve a number of risks  uncertainties  assumptions and other factors that could cause actual results or events to differ materially from those expressed or implied by the forward-looking statements. These risks  uncertainties  assumptions and factors could adversely affect the outcome and financial effects of the plans and events described herein. Additionally  these risks and uncertainties include  but are not limited to  the risks and uncertainties set forth in the “Risk Factors” section of the Company’s Annual Report on Form 20-F for the year ended December 31  2023  filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission (“SEC”) on March 20  2024  and subsequent reports that the Company files with the SEC. A multitude of factors including  but not limited to  changes in demand  competition and technology  can cause actual events  performance or results to differ significantly from any anticipated development. Forward looking statements contained in this press release regarding past trends or activities are not guarantees of future performance and should not be taken as a representation that such trends or activities will continue in the future. In addition  even if actual results or developments are consistent with the forward-looking statements contained in this press release  those results or developments may not be indicative of results or developments in future periods. No representations and warranties are made as to the accuracy or fairness of such forward-looking statements. As a result  the Company expressly disclaims any obligation or undertaking to release any updates or revisions to any forward-looking statements in this press release as a result of any change in expectations or any change in events  conditions  assumptions or circumstances on which these forward-looking statements are based  except if specifically required to do so by law or regulation. Neither the Company nor its advisers or representatives nor any of its subsidiary undertakings or any such person's officers or employees guarantees that the assumptions underlying such forward-looking statements are free from errors nor does either accept any responsibility for the future accuracy of the forward-looking statements contained in this press release or the actual occurrence of the forecasted developments. You should not place undue reliance on forward-looking statements  which speak only as of the date of this press release.Contacts:NyxoahDavid DeMartino  Chief Strategy OfficerIR@nyxoah.comAttachment,neutral,0.05,0.94,0.01,negative,0.01,0.2,0.79,True,English,"['First Quarter 2024 Financial Results', 'Nyxoah', 'May', 'common sleep disordered breathing condition', 'unique conference call access code', 'battery-free hypoglossal neurostimulation therapy', 'U.S. federal law', 'Q1 2024 earnings call webcast', 'First Quarter 2024 Financial Results', 'Obstructive Sleep Apnea', 'Investor Relations page', 'increased mortality risk', 'ongoing clinical studies', 'medical technology company', 'financial condition', 'clinical data', 'financial effects', 'live call', 'Euronext Brussels/Nasdaq', 'innovative solutions', 'lead solution', 'Genio® system', 'patient-centered, leadless', 'cardiovascular comorbidities', 'restful nights', 'Investigational device', 'United States', 'investigational use', 'press release', 'potential advantages', 'regulatory pathway', 'potential use', 'FDA approval', 'Risk Factors', 'Annual Report', 'Exchange Commission', 'subsequent reports', 'subsidiary undertakings', 'Forward-looking statements', 'actual results', 'future periods', '10:30pm CET', 'market close', 'following link', 'current expectations', 'other factors', 'past trends', 'OSA patients', 'actual events', 'future accuracy', 'Nyxoah SA', 'Nyxoah website', 'future performance', 'Company management', '4:30pm', 'May', 'Mont-Saint-Guibert', 'Belgium', 'NYXH', 'development', 'commercialization', 'Tuesday', 'question', 'email', 'dial', 'details', 'beginning', '10 minutes', 'start', 'replay', 'world', 'vision', 'life', 'information', 'Caution', 'beliefs', 'opinions', 'goals', 'respect', 'utility', 'operations', 'liquidity', 'prospects', 'growth', 'strategies', 'nature', 'number', 'risks', 'uncertainties', 'assumptions', 'outcome', 'plans', 'section', 'year', 'Securities', 'March', 'multitude', 'changes', 'demand', 'competition', 'activities', 'guarantees', 'representation', 'addition', 'warranties', 'fairness', 'obligation', 'updates', 'conditions', 'circumstances', 'regulation', 'advisers', 'representatives', 'person', 'officers', 'employees', 'errors', 'responsibility']",2024-05-13,2024-05-14,globenewswire.com
40850,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/MCPHY-ENERGY-15933338/news/McPhy-Energy-McPhy-and-the-VALOREM-Group-sign-a-contract-to-supply-equipment-as-part-of-the-Rouen-46708219/,"McPhy Energy: McPhy and the VALOREM Group sign a contract to supply equipment as part of the ""Rouen Vallée Hydrogène"" project to support energy transition in Normandy",(marketscreener.com) McPhy has signed a contract with the VALOREM Group for the supply of a 1 MW McLyzer electrolyzer and a McFilling station 350A second contract includes 8-year maintenance of all the equipmentThese contracts are part of the “Rouen Vallée Hy…,"McPhy has signed a contract with the VALOREM Group for the supply of a 1 MW McLyzer electrolyzer and a McFilling station 350A second contract includes 8-year maintenance of all the equipmentThese contracts are part of the “ Rouen Vallée Hydrogène ” (RVH 2 ) project  which aims to establish a renewable hydrogen ecosystem within the Greater Rouen Normandy area ( “Métropole Rouen Normandie”)  by the 1 st quarter of 2026” (RVH ) project  which aims to establish a renewable hydrogen ecosystem within the Greater Rouen Normandy area ( by the 1 quarter of 2026 RVH 2 is winner of the Calls for Project launched by the ADEME and the European CEF AFIF program  and is supported by the Normandy Regionis winner of the Calls for Project launched by the ADEME and the European CEF AFIF program  and is supported by the Normandy Region This signing is a key step in the development of the RVH 2 project  setting up the production and distribution of renewable hydrogen for mobility and industry on a regional scaleGrenoble  May 13  2024 – 6:00 pm CEST – McPhy Energy  specialized in low-carbon hydrogen production and distribution equipment (electrolyzers and refueling stations)  today announces that it has been selected by the VALOREM Group  a pioneer in green energy in France  and its construction subsidiary VALREA  to support them in the implementation of the “Rouen Vallée Hydrogène” (RVH 2 ) project. McPhy will provide a1 MW electrolyzer and a 350 bar McFilling station to power public transport vehicles in the Greater Rouen area and provide renewable hydrogen to local industrial sites.Supported by the VALOREM Group and Métropole Rouen Normandie  RVH 2 was initiated in 2021 as part of ADEME's ""Territorial Hydrogen Ecosystems"" (“Ecosystèmes territoriaux hydrogène”  in French) call for projects. It aims at contributing significantly to the implementation of the Rouen metropolitan area's energy roadmap by developing complementary infrastructures.The project involves setting up a local ecosystem to produce and distribute renewable hydrogen. It includes the installation of an electrolyzer  supplied by McPhy  entirely powered by green electricity produced by VALOREM. The hydrogen produced by the McLyzer electrolyzer will be used to supply a refueling station for a fleet of 14 buses purchased by the local authority  using 350-bar high-flow refueling points. Any excess hydrogen produced on site will be loaded into tube trailers and transferred to meet local industrial sites' needs for renewable hydrogen (""Hydrogen Hub"" function). All of the equipment is expected to be commissioned in January 2026.With the creation of this ecosystem  RVH 2 is the 5th ""Hydrogen Hub"" initiative for which McPhy gets involved  following HyPORT (Toulouse)  ZEV (Clermont-Ferrand)  R-HYNOCA (Strasbourg) and H 2 NFC (Belfort).In the framework of this project  a second contract for maintenance and technical support has been signed for an 8-year term. The service  provided entirely by McPhy  will be executed in collaboration with TSG Group  McPhy's preferred partner for the maintenance of its equipment.Furthermore  the supply and maintenance of the 350 bar station will be subcontracted to Atawey  as part of McPhy’s proposed sale of its stations business.Philippe Etur  Deputy Managing Director of VALOREM Group  stated: ""We are delighted with this collaboration with McPhy. This is a significant step in the development of the renewable hydrogen ecosystem  in which the VALOREM Group has control over the entire value chain  including building the infrastructure carried out by our construction subsidiary VALREA. By scaling its projects in line with the territories' objectives  VALOREM is promoting joint development with local authorities and industrial firms in order to support ecological transition locally.Jean-Baptiste Lucas  Chief Executive Officer of McPhy  states: “We are proud that Groupe VALOREM has selected us to execute the RVH 2 project. We are convinced that hydrogen is key to the energy transition in urban areas. RVH 2 is the 5th “hub” for which McPhy is bringing its know-how.”Next Financial events:Combined General Meeting on May 30  2024on Publication of 2024 half-year revenue on July 30  2024   after market closeon   after market close Publication of 2024 half-year results on September 30  2024  after market closeABOUT VALOREMAs a French independent operator in green energy  the VALOREM Group manages the entire process of renewable energy valorization  from development to operation-maintenance  including project management assistance  construction  or auditing services. A pioneer in wind energy in France with over 500 employees  VALOREM is also active in Finland  Greece  Poland and Sweden. Since its inception  the group has financed over 837 MW and has a portfolio of 5.7 GW of projects in development. In 2022  its assets produced 1.1 TWh of green power.As a company with a mission  VALOREM's mission statement is ""Working together to make the most of local energies  to pave the way for a sustainable future based on solidarity"".VALOREM is ISO 9001 - quality  ISO 14001 - environment  and ISO 45001 - health and safety at work  certified. In 2022  VALOREM was awarded the ""Responsible Supplier Relations and Purchasing"" label by the French National Purchasing Council.www.valorem-energie.com ½ABOUT MCPHYSpecialized in hydrogen production and distribution equipment  McPhy is contributing to the global deployment of lowcarbon hydrogen as a solution for energy transition. With its complete range of products dedicated to the industrial  mobility and energy sectors  McPhy offers its customers turnkey solutions adapted to their applications in industrial raw material supply  recharging of fuel cell electric vehicles or storage and recovery of electricity surplus based on renewable sources. As designer  manufacturer and integrator of hydrogen equipment since 2008  McPhy has three development  engineering and production centers in Europe (France  Italy  Germany). Its international subsidiaries provide broad commercial coverage for its innovative hydrogen solutions. McPhy is listed on Euronext Paris (compartment C  ISIN code: FR0011742329  MCPHY).CONTACTSHOPSCOTCHVALOREMInvestor RelationsSylwia TULAKT. +33 (0)1 41 34 22 23stulak@hopscotch.frvalorem@hopscotch.frPress RelationsCecile GUIDONCommunication OfficerT. +33 (0)6 25 94 83 13cecile.guidon@valorem-energie.comNewCapInvestor RelationsEmmanuel HuynhT. +33 (0)1 44 71 94 99mcphy@newcap.euPress RelationsNicolas MerigeauT. +33 (0)1 44 71 94 98Gaëlle FromaigeatT.+33 (0)1 44 71 98 52mcphy@newcap.euFollow us on@McPhyEnergyAttachment",neutral,0.04,0.95,0.01,positive,0.67,0.32,0.02,True,English,"['Rouen Vallée Hydrogène"" project', 'VALOREM Group', 'energy transition', 'McPhy Energy', 'contract', 'equipment', 'part', 'Normandy', 'Rouen Vallée Hydrogène', 'Métropole Rouen Normandie', 'European CEF AFIF program', '350-bar high-flow refueling points', 'Greater Rouen Normandy area', ""local industrial sites' needs"", '5th ""Hydrogen Hub"" initiative', 'Greater Rouen area', 'Rouen metropolitan area', 'public transport vehicles', 'Ecosystèmes territoriaux', 'Deputy Managing Director', 'Chief Executive Officer', 'Next Financial events', 'Combined General Meeting', 'entire value chain', 'Territorial Hydrogen Ecosystems', 'Hydrogen Hub"" function', 'French independent operator', 'renewable energy valorization', 'low-carbon hydrogen production', 'project management assistance', 'renewable hydrogen ecosystem', '350 bar McFilling station', '1 MW McLyzer electrolyzer', '5th “hub', 'Normandy Region', 'industrial firms', 'refueling station', 'local ecosystem', 'McFilling station 350', '350 bar station', 'local authority', 'local authorities', 'entire process', 'local energies', 'excess hydrogen', 'green energy', 'energy roadmap', 'energy transition', 'wind energy', 'key step', 'regional scale', '1 MW electrolyzer', 'complementary infrastructures', 'green electricity', 'tube trailers', 'H 2 NFC', 'technical support', '8-year term', 'preferred partner', 'stations business', 'Philippe Etur', 'significant step', ""territories' objectives"", 'ecological transition', 'Jean-Baptiste Lucas', 'urban areas', '2024 half-year revenue', '2024 half-year results', 'auditing services', 'green power', 'sustainable future', 'TSG Group', 'second contract', 'construction subsidiary', 'Groupe VALOREM', '1 st quarter', 'close Publication', 'mission statement', 'VALOREM Group', 'market close', '8-year maintenance', 'McPhy Energy', 'joint development', 'distribution equipment', 'RVH 2 project', '837 MW', 'VALOREM.', '1 quarter', 'supply', 'contracts', 'winner', 'Calls', 'ADEME', 'signing', 'mobility', 'industry', 'Grenoble', 'CEST', 'electrolyzers', 'pioneer', 'France', 'VALREA', 'implementation', 'projects', 'installation', 'fleet', '14 buses', 'January', 'creation', 'HyPORT', 'Toulouse', 'ZEV', 'Clermont-Ferrand', 'R-HYNOCA', 'Strasbourg', 'Belfort', 'framework', 'collaboration', 'Atawey', 'sale', 'control', 'line', 'order', 'know-how', 'May', 'July', 'September', 'operation-maintenance', '500 employees', 'Finland', 'Greece', 'Poland', 'Sweden', 'inception', 'portfolio', '5.7 GW', 'assets', '1.1 TWh', 'company', 'way', 'solidarity', '2026', '6:00']",2024-05-13,2024-05-14,marketscreener.com
40851,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.etfdailynews.com/2024/05/13/apollon-wealth-management-llc-boosts-holdings-in-public-storage-nysepsa/,Apollon Wealth Management LLC Boosts Holdings in Public Storage (NYSE:PSA),Apollon Wealth Management LLC grew its position in shares of Public Storage (NYSE:PSA – Free Report) by 16.9% in the fourth quarter  according to its most recent 13F filing with the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC). The institutional investor owned 1 …,Apollon Wealth Management LLC grew its position in shares of Public Storage (NYSE:PSA – Free Report) by 16.9% in the fourth quarter  according to its most recent 13F filing with the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC). The institutional investor owned 1 400 shares of the real estate investment trust’s stock after purchasing an additional 202 shares during the period. Apollon Wealth Management LLC’s holdings in Public Storage were worth $427 000 at the end of the most recent quarter.Several other institutional investors have also recently made changes to their positions in PSA. Private Ocean LLC boosted its position in shares of Public Storage by 5 450.0% during the 4th quarter. Private Ocean LLC now owns 111 shares of the real estate investment trust’s stock valued at $34 000 after acquiring an additional 109 shares during the last quarter. Centerpoint Advisors LLC purchased a new position in shares of Public Storage in the 4th quarter worth about $35 000. Turtle Creek Wealth Advisors LLC bought a new position in shares of Public Storage during the 4th quarter valued at about $35 000. Aspire Private Capital LLC grew its position in Public Storage by 44.0% during the third quarter. Aspire Private Capital LLC now owns 144 shares of the real estate investment trust’s stock valued at $38 000 after acquiring an additional 44 shares during the last quarter. Finally  Rise Advisors LLC raised its stake in shares of Public Storage by 165.5% during the fourth quarter. Rise Advisors LLC now owns 146 shares of the real estate investment trust’s stock worth $44 000 after acquiring an additional 91 shares in the last quarter. Institutional investors own 78.79% of the company’s stock.Get Public Storage alerts:Public Storage Stock Up 0.2 %Shares of Public Storage stock opened at $275.94 on Monday. The company’s 50 day moving average is $275.58 and its 200 day moving average is $276.61. The company has a market cap of $48.48 billion  a price-to-earnings ratio of 25.06  a price-to-earnings-growth ratio of 3.62 and a beta of 0.57. The company has a quick ratio of 0.54  a current ratio of 0.54 and a debt-to-equity ratio of 1.59. Public Storage has a twelve month low of $233.18 and a twelve month high of $312.25.Public Storage Dividend AnnouncementPublic Storage ( NYSE:PSA Get Free Report ) last issued its quarterly earnings results on Tuesday  February 20th. The real estate investment trust reported $2.21 EPS for the quarter  missing analysts’ consensus estimates of $4.15 by ($1.94). Public Storage had a return on equity of 36.17% and a net margin of 45.62%. The company had revenue of $1.16 billion during the quarter  compared to analysts’ expectations of $1.14 billion. During the same quarter in the previous year  the company earned $4.16 EPS. The business’s quarterly revenue was up 6.6% compared to the same quarter last year. Research analysts anticipate that Public Storage will post 16.92 EPS for the current year.The company also recently announced a quarterly dividend  which will be paid on Thursday  June 27th. Stockholders of record on Wednesday  June 12th will be issued a $3.00 dividend. The ex-dividend date of this dividend is Wednesday  June 12th. This represents a $12.00 annualized dividend and a dividend yield of 4.35%. Public Storage’s dividend payout ratio (DPR) is 108.99%.Analyst Ratings ChangesSeveral equities analysts recently commented on PSA shares. Raymond James raised shares of Public Storage from a “market perform” rating to a “strong-buy” rating and set a $330.00 target price on the stock in a report on Thursday  March 28th. Scotiabank raised their target price on Public Storage from $267.00 to $270.00 and gave the stock a “sector perform” rating in a research note on Monday  March 18th. Barclays started coverage on Public Storage in a research report on Wednesday  March 27th. They issued an “overweight” rating and a $330.00 price objective on the stock. BMO Capital Markets raised their target price on shares of Public Storage from $325.00 to $330.00 and gave the stock an “outperform” rating in a research report on Tuesday  March 19th. Finally  Deutsche Bank Aktiengesellschaft initiated coverage on shares of Public Storage in a report on Tuesday  January 30th. They set a “sell” rating and a $250.00 target price on the stock. One research analyst has rated the stock with a sell rating  four have given a hold rating  six have given a buy rating and one has issued a strong buy rating to the company’s stock. According to data from MarketBeat  the stock has a consensus rating of “Moderate Buy” and a consensus target price of $305.00.Get Our Latest Research Report on Public StoragePublic Storage Profile(Free Report)Public Storage  a member of the S&P 500 and FT Global 500  is a REIT that primarily acquires  develops  owns  and operates self-storage facilities. At December 31  2023  we had: (i) interests in 3 044 self-storage facilities located in 40 states with approximately 218 million net rentable square feet in the United States and (ii) a 35% common equity interest in Shurgard Self Storage Limited (Euronext Brussels: SHUR)  which owned 275 self-storage facilities located in seven Western European nations with approximately 15 million net rentable square feet operated under the Shurgard brand.Featured ArticlesReceive News & Ratings for Public Storage Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Public Storage and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.,neutral,0.04,0.96,0.0,negative,0.01,0.41,0.58,True,English,"['Apollon Wealth Management LLC', 'Public Storage', 'Holdings', 'NYSE', 'PSA', '218 million net rentable square feet', 'Turtle Creek Wealth Advisors LLC', 'Public Storage Dividend Announcement Public Storage', 'real estate investment trust', 'Public Storage Public Storage Profile', 'Apollon Wealth Management LLC', 'Aspire Private Capital LLC', 'Shurgard Self Storage Limit', 'missing analysts’ consensus estimates', 'Several other institutional investors', 'PSA Get Free Report', 'Private Ocean LLC', 'Centerpoint Advisors LLC', 'Rise Advisors LLC', 'BMO Capital Markets', 'Several equities analysts', '50 day moving average', '200 day moving average', 'Deutsche Bank Aktiengesellschaft', 'recent 13F filing', 'Public Storage alerts', 'One research analyst', 'twelve month low', 'Analyst Ratings Changes', '35% common equity interest', 'dividend payout ratio', 'Latest Research Report', 'strong buy rating', 'quarterly earnings results', 'consensus target price', 'market perform” rating', 'Public Storage Stock', 'net margin', 'consensus rating', 'Research analysts', 'quarterly dividend', 'analysts’ expectations', 'market cap', 'sector perform', '$12.00 annualized dividend', 'dividend yield', 'recent quarter', 'research note', 'Moderate Buy', '$330.00 target price', '$250.00 target price', 'earnings ratio', 'growth ratio', 'quick ratio', 'current ratio', 'equity ratio', 'strong-buy” rating', 'overweight” rating', 'outperform” rating', 'sell” rating', 'sell rating', 'hold rating', 'Exchange Commission', 'previous year', 'current year', 'ex-dividend date', 'Raymond James', '$330.00 price objective', 'S&P 500', 'FT Global 500', 'self-storage facilities', 'fourth quarter', '4th quarter', 'last quarter', 'third quarter', 'same quarter', 'quarterly revenue', 'NYSE:PSA', 'June 27th', 'June 12th', 'PSA shares', 'United States', 'new position', 'additional 202 shares', 'additional 109 shares', 'additional 44 shares', 'additional 91 shares', '$3.00 dividend', '40 states', '1,400 shares', '111 shares', '144 shares', '146 shares', 'Securities', 'period', 'holdings', 'positions', 'stake', 'company', 'Monday', 'beta', 'debt', 'Tuesday', 'February', 'return', 'business', '16.92 EPS', 'Thursday', 'Stockholders', 'record', 'Wednesday', 'DPR', 'March', 'Scotiabank', 'Barclays', 'coverage', 'January', 'data', 'MarketBeat', 'member', 'REIT', 'December', 'interests', '45.']",2024-05-13,2024-05-14,etfdailynews.com
40852,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.investing.com/news/press-releases/the-eurofins-network-expands-battery-testing-services-supporting-client-acceleration-of-battery-innovation-93CH-3436245,The Eurofins Network Expands Battery Testing Services  Supporting Client Acceleration of Battery Innovation By Investing.com,The Eurofins Network Expands Battery Testing Services  Supporting Client Acceleration of Battery Innovation,LUXEMBOURG--(BUSINESS WIRE)--Regulatory News:Eurofins EAG Laboratories  a global leader in materials testing services and part of the international network of Eurofins laboratories  is expanding its battery materials testing capabilities with a new purpose-built 6 600 square-foot laboratory located in Sunnyvale  CA. and expanded facilities at its Syracuse  New York laboratory with the addition of 6 500 square-foot of new laboratory space.Both laboratories further complement Eurofins EAG Laboratories' extensive testing techniques and capabilities covering over 150 material testing techniques. Eurofins EAG Laboratories is the only independent battery testing laboratory with ˜turnkey' materials and failure analysis-based testing capabilities in the United States  addressing materials testing needs throughout the entire battery life cycle  for batteries ranging in size from a coin cell battery to an EV (Electric Vehicle) battery pack. Eurofins EAG Laboratories' suite of services support battery innovation  time to market  and the improvement of battery quality and reliability.Notable features of the battery testing laboratories include:A dedicated dry room and argon-filled gloveboxes to safely open batteries and diagnose components in as-is conditions.Battery cyclers that work with various sizes of batteries to facilitate galvanostatic and potentiostatic cycling tests.An air-free transfer system that is connected to an expanding network of services within Eurofins EAG Laboratories.Battery tear down services that focus on isolating specific components or materials for characterisation.Prototype coin cells to test electrode performance.Cyro Plasma FIB for large cross-sectioning and compositional analysis of batteries.Gas analysis tools to measure gas-forming elements and gases related to batteries and battery components.Eurofins EAG Laboratories scientists have decades of experience investigating and resolving challenges in the battery industry from the purity of the raw materials to failure analysis. Eurofins EAG Laboratories has a proven track record in delivering multi-disciplinary  problem-solving expertise which accelerates customers' innovation  ensures the quality and safety of their products  and protects their intellectual property.here or remove ads . 3rd party Ad. Not an offer or recommendation by Investing.com. See disclosureorAbout Eurofins “ the global leader in bio-analysisEurofins is Testing for Life. The Eurofins Scientific S.E. network of independent companies believes that it is a global leader in food  environment  pharmaceutical and cosmetic product testing and in discovery pharmacology  forensics  advanced material sciences and agroscience contract research services. It is also one of the market leaders in certain testing and laboratory services for genomics  and in the support of clinical studies  as well as in biopharma contract development and manufacturing. It also has a rapidly developing presence in highly specialised and molecular clinical diagnostic testing and in-vitro diagnostic products.With ca. 62 000 staff across a decentralised and entrepreneurial network of more than 900 laboratories in over 1 000 companies in 62 countries  Eurofins offers a portfolio of over 200 000 analytical methods to evaluate the safety  identity  composition  authenticity  origin  traceability and purity of a wide range of products  as well as providing innovative clinical diagnostic testing services and in-vitro diagnostic products.Eurofins companies' broad range of services are important for the health and safety of people and our planet. The ongoing investment to become fully digital and maintain the best network of state-of-the-art laboratories and equipment supports our objective to provide our customers with high-quality services  innovative solutions and accurate results in the best possible turnaround time (TAT). Eurofins companies are well positioned to support clients' increasingly stringent quality and safety standards and the increasing demands of regulatory authorities as well as the evolving requirements of healthcare practitioners around the world.here or remove ads . 3rd party Ad. Not an offer or recommendation by Investing.com. See disclosureorThe Eurofins network has grown very strongly since its inception and its strategy is to continue expanding its technology portfolio and its geographic reach. Through R&D and acquisitions  its companies draw on the latest developments in the field of biotechnology and analytical chemistry to offer their clients unique analytical solutions.Shares in Eurofins Scientific S.E. are listed on the Euronext Paris Stock Exchange (ISIN FR0014000MR3  Reuters EUFI.PA  Bloomberg ERF FP).View source version on businesswire.com: https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20240512407941/en/Notes to Editors:For more information  please visit www.eurofins.com or contact:Investor RelationsEurofins Scientific SEPhone: +32 2 766 1620E-mail: ir@sc.eurofinseu.comSource: Eurofins Scientific,neutral,0.04,0.96,0.0,negative,0.01,0.23,0.76,True,English,"['The Eurofins Network', 'Battery Testing Services', 'Battery Innovation', 'Client Acceleration', 'Investing', 'com', 'The Eurofins Scientific S.E. network', 'innovative clinical diagnostic testing services', 'Euronext Paris Stock Exchange', 'Electric Vehicle) battery pack', 'molecular clinical diagnostic testing', 'agroscience contract research services', 'best possible turnaround time', 'failure analysis-based testing capabilities', 'entire battery life cycle', ""Eurofins EAG Laboratories' suite"", 'Eurofins EAG Laboratories scientists', 'independent battery testing laboratory', ""Eurofins companies' broad range"", 'battery materials testing capabilities', 'The Eurofins network', 'Eurofins Scientific SE', 'biopharma contract development', 'extensive testing techniques', '150 material testing techniques', 'cosmetic product testing', 'dedicated dry room', 'potentiostatic cycling tests', 'air-free transfer system', 'Prototype coin cells', 'Cyro Plasma FIB', 'proven track record', 'multi-disciplinary, problem-solving expertise', '3rd party Ad.', 'advanced material sciences', 'Bloomberg ERF FP', 'materials testing needs', 'coin cell battery', 'vitro diagnostic products', 'battery testing laboratories', 'new laboratory space', 'New York laboratory', 'Gas analysis tools', 'materials testing services', 'unique analytical solutions', 'innovative solutions', 'best network', 'clinical studies', 'Eurofins laboratories', 'laboratory services', 'independent companies', 'wide range', 'international network', 'expanding network', 'entrepreneurial network', 'battery innovation', 'Battery cyclers', 'battery industry', 'new purpose', 'art laboratories', ""turnkey' materials"", 'raw materials', 'battery quality', 'battery components', 'compositional analysis', '200,000 analytical methods', 'analytical chemistry', '6,600 square-foot laboratory', 'high-quality services', 'BUSINESS WIRE', 'Regulatory News', 'global leader', 'United States', 'Notable features', 'argon-filled gloveboxes', 'various sizes', 'electrode performance', 'large cross-sectioning', 'gas-forming elements', 'intellectual property', 'Investing.com', 'developing presence', 'ongoing investment', 'accurate results', 'increasing demands', 'regulatory authorities', 'evolving requirements', 'healthcare practitioners', 'geographic reach', 'R&D', 'latest developments', 'Reuters EUFI', 'Investor Relations', 'specific components', 'stringent quality', ""customers' innovation"", 'market leaders', 'ca. 62,000 staff', 'technology portfolio', 'source version', 'safety standards', '900 laboratories', '1,000 companies', '6,500 square-foot', 'LUXEMBOURG', 'built', 'Sunnyvale', 'facilities', 'Syracuse', 'addition', 'batteries', 'improvement', 'reliability', 'conditions', 'galvanostatic', 'characterisation', 'gases', 'decades', 'experience', 'challenges', 'purity', 'ads', 'offer', 'recommendation', 'disclosureor', 'bio-analysis', 'food', 'environment', 'pharmaceutical', 'discovery', 'pharmacology', 'forensics', 'genomics', 'support', 'manufacturing', 'specialised', 'decentralised', '62 countries', 'identity', 'authenticity', 'origin', 'traceability', 'people', 'planet', 'equipment', 'objective', 'clients', 'world', 'inception', 'strategy', 'acquisitions', 'field', 'biotechnology', 'Shares', 'ISIN', 'businesswire', 'Notes', 'Editors', 'information', 'Phone', 'mail', 'eurofinseu', '˜']",2024-05-13,2024-05-14,investing.com
40853,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/BOUSSARD-GAVAUDAN-HOLDING-36044/news/BGHL-EUR-NAV-s-46702278/,BGHL (EUR): NAV(s),(marketscreener.com)                                       BOUSSARD & GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITED Ordinary Shares The Directors of Boussard & Gavaudan Holding Limited would like...https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/BOUSSARD-GAVAUDAN-HOLDING-36044/news/BG…,"BOUSSARD & GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITEDOrdinary SharesThe Directors of Boussard & Gavaudan Holding Limited would like to announce the following information for the Company.Close of business 10 May 2024.Estimated NAVEuro Shares Sterling Shares Estimated NAV € 27.8281 £ 24.9351 Estimated MTD return 0.61 % 0.65 % Estimated YTD return 1.02 % 1.49 % Estimated ITD return 178.28 % 149.35 %NAV and returns are calculated net of management and performance feesMarket informationEuro Shares Amsterdam (AEX) London (LSE) Market Close € 26.00 N/A Premium/discount to estimated NAV -6.57 % N/A Sterling Shares Amsterdam (AEX) London (LSE) Market Close N/A GBX 2 150.00 Premium/discount to estimated NAV N/A -13.78 %Transactions in own securities purchased into treasuryOrdinary Shares Euro Shares Sterling Shares Number of shares N/A N/A Average Price N/A N/A Range of Price N/A N/ALiquidity Enhancement Agreement Euro Shares Sterling Shares Number of shares N/A N/A Average Price N/A N/ABGHL CapitalBGHL Ordinary Shares Euro Shares Sterling Shares Shares Outstanding 12 299 516 123 090 Held in treasury N/A N/A Shares Issued 12 299 516 123 090Estimated BG Fund NAVClass B Euro Shares (estimated) € 249.8628 Class GBP A Shares (estimated) £ 133.7396The Class B Euro Shares of BG Fund are not subject to investment manager fees  as the Investment Manager receives management fees and performance fees in respect of its role as Investment Manager of BGHL.For further information please contact:Boussard & Gavaudan Investment Management  LLP.Emmanuel Gavaudan +44 (0) 20 3751 5389 Email : info@bgam-uk.comThe Company is established as a closed-ended investment company domiciled in Guernsey. The Company has received the necessary approval of the Guernsey Financial Services Commission and the States of Guernsey Policy Council. The Company is registered with the Dutch Authority for the Financial Markets as a collective investment scheme pursuant to article 2:73 in conjunction with 2:66 of the Dutch Financial Supervision Act (Wet op het financieel toezicht). The shares of the Company (the ""Shares"") are listed on Euronext Amsterdam. The Shares are also listed on the Official List of the UK Listing Authority and admitted to trading on the London Stock Exchange plc's main market for listed securities.This is not an offer to sell or a solicitation of any offer to buy any securities in the United States or in any other jurisdiction. This announcement is not intended to and does not constitute  or form part of  any offer or invitation to purchase any securities or the solicitation of any vote or approval in any jurisdiction  nor shall there be any sale  issuance or transfer of the securities referred to in this announcement in any jurisdiction in contravention of applicable law.Neither the Company nor BG Fund ICAV has been  and neither will be  registered under the US Investment Company Act of 1940  as amended (the ""Investment Company Act""). In addition the securities referenced in this announcement have not been and will not be registered under the US Securities Act of 1933  as amended (the ""Securities Act""). Consequently any such securities may not be offered  sold or otherwise transferred within the United States or to  or for the account or benefit of  US persons except in accordance with the Securities Act or an exemption therefrom and under circumstances which will not require the issuer of such securities to register under the Investment Company Act. No public offering of any securities will be made in the United States.You should always bear in mind that:all investment is subject to risk;results in the past are no guarantee of future results;the investment performance of BGHL may go down as well as up. You may not get back all of your original investment; andif you are in any doubt about the contents of this communication or if you consider making an investment decision  you are advised to seek expert financial advice.This communication is for information purposes only and the information contained in this communication should not be relied upon as a substitute for financial or other professional advice.Attachment",neutral,0.0,0.99,0.0,negative,0.01,0.27,0.72,True,English,"['BGHL', 'EUR', 'NAV', 'A Liquidity Enhancement Agreement Euro Shares Sterling Shares', 'GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITED Ordinary Shares', 'The Class B Euro Shares', 'BGHL Ordinary Shares Euro Shares', 'A N/A Average Price', 'N/A Sterling Shares Amsterdam', 'London Stock Exchange plc', 'Guernsey Financial Services Commission', 'treasury N/A N/A Shares', 'Dutch Financial Supervision Act', 'Sterling Shares Shares', 'Euro Shares Amsterdam', 'US Investment Company Act', 'A N/A Range', 'expert financial advice', 'Guernsey Policy Council', 'collective investment scheme', 'other professional advice', 'BG Fund ICAV', 'Gavaudan Investment Management', 'closed-ended investment company', 'UK Listing Authority', 'US Securities Act', 'investment manager fees', 'BG Fund NAV', 'The Shares', 'A Premium/discount', 'N/A GBX', 'Dutch Authority', 'Emmanuel Gavaudan', 'Euronext Amsterdam', 'US persons', 'Financial Markets', 'The Directors', 'The Company', 'investment performance', 'original investment', 'investment decision', 'performance fees', 'BGHL Capital', 'management fees', 'MTD return', 'YTD return', 'ITD return', 'financieel toezicht', 'Official List', 'applicable law', 'public offering', 'other jurisdiction', 'United States', 'following information', 'information purposes', 'necessary approval', 'main market', 'future results', 'listed securities', 'Market information', 'BOUSSARD', 'business', 'returns', 'AEX', 'LSE', 'Transactions', 'Number', 'Outstanding', 'respect', 'role', 'LLP.', 'Email', 'bgam', 'article', 'conjunction', 'solicitation', 'announcement', 'part', 'invitation', 'vote', 'sale', 'issuance', 'transfer', 'contravention', 'addition', 'account', 'benefit', 'accordance', 'exemption', 'circumstances', 'issuer', 'mind', 'risk', 'past', 'guarantee', 'doubt', 'contents', 'communication', 'substitute', 'Attachment']",2024-05-13,2024-05-14,marketscreener.com
40854,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/EUROFINS-SCIENTIFIC-SE-4753/news/The-Eurofins-Network-Expands-Battery-Testing-Services-Supporting-Client-Acceleration-of-Battery-Inn-46702249/,The Eurofins Network Expands Battery Testing Services  Supporting Client Acceleration of Battery Innovation,(marketscreener.com) Regulatory News:Eurofins EAG Laboratories  a global leader in materials testing services and part of the international network of Eurofins laboratories  is expanding its battery materials testing capabilities with a new purpose-built …,Regulatory News:Eurofins EAG Laboratories  a global leader in materials testing services and part of the international network of Eurofins laboratories  is expanding its battery materials testing capabilities with a new purpose-built 6 600 square-foot laboratory located in Sunnyvale  CA. and expanded facilities at its Syracuse  New York laboratory with the addition of 6 500 square-foot of new laboratory space.Both laboratories further complement Eurofins EAG Laboratories’ extensive testing techniques and capabilities covering over 150 material testing techniques. Eurofins EAG Laboratories is the only independent battery testing laboratory with ‘turnkey’ materials and failure analysis-based testing capabilities in the United States  addressing materials testing needs throughout the entire battery life cycle  for batteries ranging in size from a coin cell battery to an EV (Electric Vehicle) battery pack. Eurofins EAG Laboratories’ suite of services support battery innovation  time to market  and the improvement of battery quality and reliability.Notable features of the battery testing laboratories include:A dedicated dry room and argon-filled gloveboxes to safely open batteries and diagnose components in as-is conditions.Battery cyclers that work with various sizes of batteries to facilitate galvanostatic and potentiostatic cycling tests.An air-free transfer system that is connected to an expanding network of services within Eurofins EAG Laboratories.Battery tear down services that focus on isolating specific components or materials for characterisation.Prototype coin cells to test electrode performance.Cyro Plasma FIB for large cross-sectioning and compositional analysis of batteries.Gas analysis tools to measure gas-forming elements and gases related to batteries and battery components.Eurofins EAG Laboratories scientists have decades of experience investigating and resolving challenges in the battery industry from the purity of the raw materials to failure analysis. Eurofins EAG Laboratories has a proven track record in delivering multi-disciplinary  problem-solving expertise which accelerates customers’ innovation  ensures the quality and safety of their products  and protects their intellectual property.About Eurofins – the global leader in bio-analysisEurofins is Testing for Life. The Eurofins Scientific S.E. network of independent companies believes that it is a global leader in food  environment  pharmaceutical and cosmetic product testing and in discovery pharmacology  forensics  advanced material sciences and agroscience contract research services. It is also one of the market leaders in certain testing and laboratory services for genomics  and in the support of clinical studies  as well as in biopharma contract development and manufacturing. It also has a rapidly developing presence in highly specialised and molecular clinical diagnostic testing and in-vitro diagnostic products.With ca. 62 000 staff across a decentralised and entrepreneurial network of more than 900 laboratories in over 1 000 companies in 62 countries  Eurofins offers a portfolio of over 200 000 analytical methods to evaluate the safety  identity  composition  authenticity  origin  traceability and purity of a wide range of products  as well as providing innovative clinical diagnostic testing services and in-vitro diagnostic products.Eurofins companies’ broad range of services are important for the health and safety of people and our planet. The ongoing investment to become fully digital and maintain the best network of state-of-the-art laboratories and equipment supports our objective to provide our customers with high-quality services  innovative solutions and accurate results in the best possible turnaround time (TAT). Eurofins companies are well positioned to support clients’ increasingly stringent quality and safety standards and the increasing demands of regulatory authorities as well as the evolving requirements of healthcare practitioners around the world.The Eurofins network has grown very strongly since its inception and its strategy is to continue expanding its technology portfolio and its geographic reach. Through R&D and acquisitions  its companies draw on the latest developments in the field of biotechnology and analytical chemistry to offer their clients unique analytical solutions.Shares in Eurofins Scientific S.E. are listed on the Euronext Paris Stock Exchange (ISIN FR0014000MR3  Reuters EUFI.PA  Bloomberg ERF FP).View source version on businesswire.com: https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20240512407941/en/,neutral,0.06,0.94,0.0,negative,0.01,0.28,0.71,True,English,"['The Eurofins Network', 'Battery Testing Services', 'Battery Innovation', 'Client Acceleration', 'The Eurofins Scientific S.E. network', 'innovative clinical diagnostic testing services', 'Euronext Paris Stock Exchange', 'Electric Vehicle) battery pack', 'molecular clinical diagnostic testing', 'agroscience contract research services', 'best possible turnaround time', 'failure analysis-based testing capabilities', 'entire battery life cycle', 'Eurofins EAG Laboratories’ suite', 'Eurofins EAG Laboratories scientists', 'Eurofins companies’ broad range', 'independent battery testing laboratory', 'battery materials testing capabilities', 'The Eurofins network', 'biopharma contract development', 'extensive testing techniques', '150 material testing techniques', 'cosmetic product testing', 'dedicated dry room', 'potentiostatic cycling tests', 'air-free transfer system', 'Prototype coin cells', 'Cyro Plasma FIB', 'proven track record', 'multi-disciplinary, problem-solving expertise', 'advanced material sciences', 'Bloomberg ERF FP', 'materials testing needs', 'coin cell battery', 'vitro diagnostic products', 'battery testing laboratories', 'new laboratory space', 'New York laboratory', 'Gas analysis tools', 'materials testing services', 'unique analytical solutions', 'innovative solutions', 'best network', 'clinical studies', 'Eurofins laboratories', 'laboratory services', 'independent companies', 'wide range', 'international network', 'expanding network', 'entrepreneurial network', 'battery innovation', 'Battery cyclers', 'battery industry', 'new purpose', 'art laboratories', 'turnkey’ materials', 'raw materials', 'battery quality', 'battery components', 'compositional analysis', '200,000 analytical methods', 'analytical chemistry', '6,600 square-foot laboratory', 'high-quality services', 'Regulatory News', 'global leader', 'United States', 'Notable features', 'argon-filled gloveboxes', 'various sizes', 'electrode performance', 'large cross-sectioning', 'gas-forming elements', 'intellectual property', 'developing presence', 'ongoing investment', 'accurate results', 'increasing demands', 'regulatory authorities', 'evolving requirements', 'healthcare practitioners', 'geographic reach', 'R&D', 'latest developments', 'Reuters EUFI', 'source version', 'specific components', 'stringent quality', 'customers’ innovation', 'market leaders', 'ca. 62,000 staff', 'technology portfolio', 'safety standards', '900 laboratories', '1,000 companies', '6,500 square-foot', 'part', 'built', 'Sunnyvale', 'facilities', 'Syracuse', 'addition', 'Both', 'batteries', 'improvement', 'reliability', 'conditions', 'galvanostatic', 'characterisation', 'gases', 'decades', 'experience', 'challenges', 'purity', 'bio-analysis', 'food', 'environment', 'pharmaceutical', 'discovery', 'pharmacology', 'forensics', 'genomics', 'support', 'manufacturing', 'specialised', 'decentralised', '62 countries', 'identity', 'authenticity', 'origin', 'traceability', 'people', 'planet', 'equipment', 'objective', 'world', 'inception', 'strategy', 'acquisitions', 'field', 'biotechnology', 'clients', 'Shares', 'ISIN', 'View', 'businesswire']",2024-05-13,2024-05-14,marketscreener.com
40855,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2024/05/13/2880078/0/en/BGHL-GBP-NAV-s.html,BGHL (GBP): NAV(s),BOUSSARD & GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITED      Ordinary Shares      The Directors of Boussard & Gavaudan...,"BOUSSARD & GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITEDOrdinary SharesThe Directors of Boussard & Gavaudan Holding Limited would like to announce the following information for the Company.Close of business 10 May 2024.Estimated NAVEuro Shares Sterling Shares Estimated NAV € 27.8281 £ 24.9351 Estimated MTD return 0.61 % 0.65 % Estimated YTD return 1.02 % 1.49 % Estimated ITD return 178.28 % 149.35 %NAV and returns are calculated net of management and performance feesMarket informationEuro Shares Amsterdam (AEX) London (LSE) Market Close € 26.00 N/A Premium/discount to estimated NAV -6.57 % N/A Sterling Shares Amsterdam (AEX) London (LSE) Market Close N/A GBX 2 150.00 Premium/discount to estimated NAV N/A -13.78 %Transactions in own securities purchased into treasuryOrdinary Shares Euro Shares Sterling Shares Number of shares N/A N/A Average Price N/A N/A Range of Price N/A N/ALiquidity Enhancement Agreement Euro Shares Sterling Shares Number of shares N/A N/A Average Price N/A N/ABGHL CapitalBGHL Ordinary Shares Euro Shares Sterling Shares Shares Outstanding 12 299 516 123 090 Held in treasury N/A N/A Shares Issued 12 299 516 123 090Estimated BG Fund NAVClass B Euro Shares (estimated) € 249.8628 Class GBP A Shares (estimated) £ 133.7396The Class B Euro Shares of BG Fund are not subject to investment manager fees  as the Investment Manager receives management fees and performance fees in respect of its role as Investment Manager of BGHL.For further information please contact:Boussard & Gavaudan Investment Management  LLP.Emmanuel Gavaudan +44 (0) 20 3751 5389 Email : info@bgam-uk.comThe Company is established as a closed-ended investment company domiciled in Guernsey. The Company has received the necessary approval of the Guernsey Financial Services Commission and the States of Guernsey Policy Council. The Company is registered with the Dutch Authority for the Financial Markets as a collective investment scheme pursuant to article 2:73 in conjunction with 2:66 of the Dutch Financial Supervision Act (Wet op het financieel toezicht). The shares of the Company (the ""Shares"") are listed on Euronext Amsterdam. The Shares are also listed on the Official List of the UK Listing Authority and admitted to trading on the London Stock Exchange plc's main market for listed securities.This is not an offer to sell or a solicitation of any offer to buy any securities in the United States or in any other jurisdiction. This announcement is not intended to and does not constitute  or form part of  any offer or invitation to purchase any securities or the solicitation of any vote or approval in any jurisdiction  nor shall there be any sale  issuance or transfer of the securities referred to in this announcement in any jurisdiction in contravention of applicable law.Neither the Company nor BG Fund ICAV has been  and neither will be  registered under the US Investment Company Act of 1940  as amended (the ""Investment Company Act""). In addition the securities referenced in this announcement have not been and will not be registered under the US Securities Act of 1933  as amended (the ""Securities Act""). Consequently any such securities may not be offered  sold or otherwise transferred within the United States or to  or for the account or benefit of  US persons except in accordance with the Securities Act or an exemption therefrom and under circumstances which will not require the issuer of such securities to register under the Investment Company Act. No public offering of any securities will be made in the United States.You should always bear in mind that:all investment is subject to risk;results in the past are no guarantee of future results;the investment performance of BGHL may go down as well as up. You may not get back all of your original investment; andif you are in any doubt about the contents of this communication or if you consider making an investment decision  you are advised to seek expert financial advice.This communication is for information purposes only and the information contained in this communication should not be relied upon as a substitute for financial or other professional advice.Attachment",neutral,0.0,0.99,0.0,negative,0.01,0.27,0.72,True,English,"['BGHL', 'GBP', 'NAV', 'A Liquidity Enhancement Agreement Euro Shares Sterling Shares', 'GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITED Ordinary Shares', 'The Class B Euro Shares', 'BGHL Ordinary Shares Euro Shares', 'A N/A Average Price', 'N/A Sterling Shares Amsterdam', 'London Stock Exchange plc', 'Guernsey Financial Services Commission', 'treasury N/A N/A Shares', 'Dutch Financial Supervision Act', 'Sterling Shares Shares', 'Euro Shares Amsterdam', 'US Investment Company Act', 'A N/A Range', 'expert financial advice', 'Guernsey Policy Council', 'collective investment scheme', 'other professional advice', 'BG Fund ICAV', 'Gavaudan Investment Management', 'closed-ended investment company', 'UK Listing Authority', 'US Securities Act', 'investment manager fees', 'BG Fund NAV', 'The Shares', 'A Premium/discount', 'N/A GBX', 'Dutch Authority', 'Emmanuel Gavaudan', 'Euronext Amsterdam', 'US persons', 'Financial Markets', 'The Directors', 'The Company', 'investment performance', 'original investment', 'investment decision', 'performance fees', 'BGHL Capital', 'management fees', 'MTD return', 'YTD return', 'ITD return', 'financieel toezicht', 'Official List', 'applicable law', 'public offering', 'other jurisdiction', 'United States', 'following information', 'information purposes', 'necessary approval', 'main market', 'future results', 'listed securities', 'Market information', 'BOUSSARD', 'business', 'returns', 'AEX', 'LSE', 'Transactions', 'Number', 'Outstanding', 'respect', 'role', 'LLP.', 'Email', 'bgam', 'article', 'conjunction', 'solicitation', 'announcement', 'part', 'invitation', 'vote', 'sale', 'issuance', 'transfer', 'contravention', 'addition', 'account', 'benefit', 'accordance', 'exemption', 'circumstances', 'issuer', 'mind', 'risk', 'past', 'guarantee', 'doubt', 'contents', 'communication', 'substitute', 'Attachment']",2024-05-13,2024-05-14,globenewswire.com
40856,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/TECHNIP-ENERGIES-N-V-118964900/news/Weekly-report-share-buyback-from-May-6-to-May-10-2024-46707881/,Weekly report share buyback from May 6 to May 10  2024,(marketscreener.com) In accordance with the regulations relating to share buybacks  Technip Energies declares the following purchases of its own shares from May 6  2024  to May 10  2024. These transactions were carried out as part of the buyback program with …,May 13  2024 at 11:30 am EDTIn accordance with the regulations relating to share buybacks  Technip Energies (PARIS:TE) declares the following purchases of its own shares from May 6  2024  to May 10  2024.These transactions were carried out as part of the buyback program with a discretionary mandate carried out by an investment services provider making decisions relating to the acquisition of Technip Energies shares independently.Regarding shares to be cancelled:Name of the Issuer Identity code of the Issuer Day of the transaction Identity code of the financial instrument Total daily volume (in number of shares) Daily weighted average purchase price of the shares Market (MIC Code) TECHNIP ENERGIES NV 724500FLODI49NSCIP70 5/6/2024 NL0014559478 21 000 22 797054 XPAR TECHNIP ENERGIES NV 724500FLODI49NSCIP70 5/7/2024 NL0014559478 21 000 22 723889 XPAR TECHNIP ENERGIES NV 724500FLODI49NSCIP70 5/8/2024 NL0014559478 21 000 22 764956 XPAR TECHNIP ENERGIES NV 724500FLODI49NSCIP70 5/9/2024 NL0014559478 0 0 000000 XPAR TECHNIP ENERGIES NV 724500FLODI49NSCIP70 5/10/2024 NL0014559478 0 0 000000 XPAR TOTAL 63 000 22 761966Regarding shares to be used to fulfil the company’s obligations under equity compensation plans:Name of the issuer Identity Day of the transaction Identity code of the financial instrument Total daily volume (in number of shares) Daily weighted average purchase price of the shares Market (MIC Code) TECHNIP ENERGIES NV 724500FLODI49NSCIP70 5/6/2024 NL0014559478 9 000 22 796869 XPAR TECHNIP ENERGIES NV 724500FLODI49NSCIP70 5/7/2024 NL0014559478 9 000 22 716740 XPAR TECHNIP ENERGIES NV 724500FLODI49NSCIP70 5/8/2024 NL0014559478 9 000 22 759491 XPAR TECHNIP ENERGIES NV 724500FLODI49NSCIP70 5/9/2024 NL0014559478 0 0 000000 XPAR TECHNIP ENERGIES NV 724500FLODI49NSCIP70 5/10/2024 NL0014559478 0 0 000000 XPAR TOTAL 27 000 22 757700For detailed information on the transactions carried out and on the objectives of the shares purchases  please refer to the detailed declaration available on: https://investors.technipenergies.com/notice-trading-own-shares .About Technip EnergiesTechnip Energies is a leading Engineering & Technology company for the energy transition  with leadership positions in Liquefied Natural Gas (LNG)  hydrogen and ethylene as well as growing market positions in blue and green hydrogen  sustainable chemistry and CO 2 management. The company benefits from its robust project delivery model supported by extensive technology  products and services offering.Operating in 34 countries  our 15 000 people are fully committed to bringing our client’s innovative projects to life  breaking boundaries to accelerate the energy transition for a better tomorrow.Technip Energies shares are listed on Euronext Paris. In addition  Technip Energies has a Level 1 sponsored American Depositary Receipts (“ADRs”) program  with its ADRs trading over-the-counter.For further information: www.ten.com .ContactsInvestors relationsPhillip LindsayVice-President  Investor RelationsTel: +44 203 429 3929Email: Phillip LindsayMedia RelationsJason HyonnePress Relations & Social Media LeadTel: +33 1 47 78 22 89Email: Jason HyonneAttachment,neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,neutral,0.03,0.96,0.01,True,English,"['Weekly report share buyback', 'May', 'Daily weighted average purchase price', 'XPAR TECHNIP ENERGIES NV 724500FLODI49NSCIP70', 'robust project delivery model', 'Phillip Lindsay Media Relations', 'Phillip Lindsay Vice-President', 'Total daily volume', 'Social Media Lead', 'Technip Energies shares', 'equity compensation plans', 'Liquefied Natural Gas', 'American Depositary Receipts', 'investment services provider', 'Jason Hyonne Attachment', 'growing market positions', 'XPAR TOTAL', 'Issuer Identity code', 'leadership positions', 'services offering', 'Investor Relations', 'Press Relations', 'Identity Day', 'MIC Code', 'shares Market', 'share buybacks', 'following purchases', 'discretionary mandate', 'Issuer Day', 'financial instrument', 'detailed declaration', 'leading Engineering', 'energy transition', 'sustainable chemistry', 'CO 2 management', 'extensive technology', 'innovative projects', 'Investors relations', 'shares purchases', 'buyback program', 'detailed information', 'green hydrogen', 'Euronext Paris', 'Technology company', 'accordance', 'regulations', 'May', 'transactions', 'part', 'decisions', 'acquisition', 'Name', 'number', 'obligations', 'objectives', 'technipenergies', 'own-shares', 'LNG', 'ethylene', 'blue', 'products', '34 countries', '15,000 people', 'client', 'life', 'boundaries', 'tomorrow', 'addition', 'Level 1', 'ADRs', 'counter', 'Contacts', 'Tel', 'Email', '11:30']",2024-05-13,2024-05-14,marketscreener.com
40857,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2024/05/13/2880695/0/en/Weekly-report-share-buyback-from-May-6-to-May-10-2024.html,Weekly report share buyback from May 6 to May 10  2024,In accordance with the regulations relating to share buybacks  Technip Energies (PARIS:TE) declares the following purchases of its own shares from May 6  2024  to May 10  2024.,In accordance with the regulations relating to share buybacks  Technip Energies (PARIS:TE) declares the following purchases of its own shares from May 6  2024  to May 10  2024.These transactions were carried out as part of the buyback program with a discretionary mandate carried out by an investment services provider making decisions relating to the acquisition of Technip Energies shares independently.Regarding shares to be cancelled:Name of the Issuer Identity code of the Issuer Day of the transaction Identity code of the financial instrument Total daily volume (in number of shares) Daily weighted average purchase price of the shares Market (MIC Code) TECHNIP ENERGIES NV 724500FLODI49NSCIP70 5/6/2024 NL0014559478 21 000 22 797054 XPAR TECHNIP ENERGIES NV 724500FLODI49NSCIP70 5/7/2024 NL0014559478 21 000 22 723889 XPAR TECHNIP ENERGIES NV 724500FLODI49NSCIP70 5/8/2024 NL0014559478 21 000 22 764956 XPAR TECHNIP ENERGIES NV 724500FLODI49NSCIP70 5/9/2024 NL0014559478 0 0 000000 XPAR TECHNIP ENERGIES NV 724500FLODI49NSCIP70 5/10/2024 NL0014559478 0 0 000000 XPAR TOTAL 63 000 22 761966Regarding shares to be used to fulfil the company’s obligations under equity compensation plans:Name of the issuer Identity Day of the transaction Identity code of the financial instrument Total daily volume (in number of shares) Daily weighted average purchase price of the shares Market (MIC Code) TECHNIP ENERGIES NV 724500FLODI49NSCIP70 5/6/2024 NL0014559478 9 000 22 796869 XPAR TECHNIP ENERGIES NV 724500FLODI49NSCIP70 5/7/2024 NL0014559478 9 000 22 716740 XPAR TECHNIP ENERGIES NV 724500FLODI49NSCIP70 5/8/2024 NL0014559478 9 000 22 759491 XPAR TECHNIP ENERGIES NV 724500FLODI49NSCIP70 5/9/2024 NL0014559478 0 0 000000 XPAR TECHNIP ENERGIES NV 724500FLODI49NSCIP70 5/10/2024 NL0014559478 0 0 000000 XPAR TOTAL 27 000 22 757700For detailed information on the transactions carried out and on the objectives of the shares purchases  please refer to the detailed declaration available on: https://investors.technipenergies.com/notice-trading-own-shares .About Technip EnergiesTechnip Energies is a leading Engineering & Technology company for the energy transition  with leadership positions in Liquefied Natural Gas (LNG)  hydrogen and ethylene as well as growing market positions in blue and green hydrogen  sustainable chemistry and CO 2 management. The company benefits from its robust project delivery model supported by extensive technology  products and services offering.Operating in 34 countries  our 15 000 people are fully committed to bringing our client’s innovative projects to life  breaking boundaries to accelerate the energy transition for a better tomorrow.Technip Energies shares are listed on Euronext Paris. In addition  Technip Energies has a Level 1 sponsored American Depositary Receipts (“ADRs”) program  with its ADRs trading over-the-counter.For further information: www.ten.com .ContactsInvestors relationsPhillip LindsayVice-President  Investor RelationsTel: +44 203 429 3929Email: Phillip LindsayMedia RelationsJason HyonnePress Relations & Social Media LeadTel: +33 1 47 78 22 89Email: Jason HyonneAttachment,neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,neutral,0.04,0.95,0.01,True,English,"['Weekly report share buyback', 'May', 'Daily weighted average purchase price', 'XPAR TECHNIP ENERGIES NV 724500FLODI49NSCIP70', 'robust project delivery model', 'Phillip Lindsay Media Relations', 'Total daily volume', 'Social Media Lead', 'Technip Energies shares', 'equity compensation plans', 'Liquefied Natural Gas', 'American Depositary Receipts', 'investment services provider', 'Jason Hyonne Attachment', 'growing market positions', 'XPAR TOTAL', 'Issuer Identity code', 'leadership positions', 'services offering', 'Investor Relations', 'Press Relations', 'Identity Day', 'MIC Code', 'shares Market', 'share buybacks', 'following purchases', 'discretionary mandate', 'Issuer Day', 'financial instrument', 'detailed declaration', 'leading Engineering', 'energy transition', 'sustainable chemistry', 'CO 2 management', 'extensive technology', 'innovative projects', 'Investors relations', 'shares purchases', 'buyback program', 'detailed information', 'green hydrogen', 'Euronext Paris', 'Technology company', 'accordance', 'regulations', 'May', 'transactions', 'part', 'decisions', 'acquisition', 'Name', 'number', 'obligations', 'objectives', 'technipenergies', 'own-shares', 'LNG', 'ethylene', 'blue', 'products', '34 countries', '15,000 people', 'client', 'life', 'boundaries', 'tomorrow', 'addition', 'Level 1', 'ADRs', 'counter', 'Contacts', 'Vice-President', 'Tel', 'Email', '44', '33']",2024-05-13,2024-05-14,globenewswire.com
40858,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/GROUPE-BERKEM-129712684/news/Groupe-Berkem-Unveils-BiombalanceTM-and-Pineol-Premium-two-Active-Ingredients-From-Its-New-Nutrac-46708326/,Groupe Berkem Unveils BiombalanceTM and Pineol® Premium  two Active Ingredients From Its New Nutraceutical Range,(marketscreener.com) Polyphenols  in particular OPCs1  extracted from upcycled raw materials and recognized for their many benefits to human healthDemonstration of Groupe Berkem's proven expertise in plant extraction and local sourcing of high-quality r…,"Polyphenols  in particular OPCs1  extracted from upcycled raw materials and recognized for their many benefits to human health Demonstration of Groupe Berkem's proven expertise in plant extraction and local sourcing of high-quality raw materials Innovative range of five ingredients dedicated to the highly dynamic dietary supplement market Presentation of the range on May 14 to 16  2024 at the Vitafoods trade show in Geneva  booth H254  hall 6Regulatory News:Groupe Berkem (Paris:ALKEM)  a leading player in bio-based chemistry (ISIN code: FR00140069V2 – Ticker: ALKEM)  unveils today Pineol® Premium and BiombalanceTM  from its new range of premium ingredients for the Nutraceutical market.Nathalie Lévy  Marketing Manager for Groupe Berkem's Health  Beauty & Nutrition business area  stated: ""The ingredients making up our new nutraceutical range once again highlight Groupe Berkem's ability to capitalize on its recognized know-how to position itself in a fast-growing market. Our long-standing expertise in scientific objectification and plant extraction  particularly in pine bark and grape seeds  combined with our commitment to continuous improvement in raw material sourcing  ensures that we can offer to the market active ingredients that are effective and recognized for their benefits to human health. Our two flagship ingredients  BiombalanceTM and Pineol® Premium  are perfect examples of this expertise. The recent strengthening of our industrial base through the acquisition of Naturex Iberian Partners in Spain lends further credibility to the unique value proposition of our range for this strategic market.”Based on Groupe Berkem's long-standing expertise in the extraction of plant compounds  the nutraceutical range developed by the Group meets the growing demand for naturalness in this fast-growing global market. The dietary supplements market is dominated by the United States  which accounted for over $62 billion in 2023  with estimated growth of 2.6%2. In Western Europe  the dietary supplements market was estimated to worth €14.5 billion in 2023 and is expected to grow by around 5% a year between now and 20283.The plant extracts in this new range of Groupe Berkem are rigorously selected  guaranteed allergen-free  gluten-free  kosher and halal  and come from a French upcycling supply4. Extracted from grape seeds  BiombalanceTM is an innovative ingredient for gut health and microbiota modulation. Pineol® Premium is an extract of Landes pine bark  high in OPCs  sourced and produced by the Group. Its health benefits have been extensively studied and demonstrated.Three additional premium ingredients  with recognized virtues for human health  also make up this innovative range  namely Symint™  Mallowsym™ and Symthym™  respectively based on the benefits of peppermint on digestive comfort  marshmallow root to soothe the throat and thyme on breathing.The launch of this new range follows on from the acquisition of i.Bioceuticals in February 2023  which gave Groupe Berkem a footprint in North America  the world's leading Nutraceutical market. The recent acquisition of Naturex Iberian Partners  Givaudan's industrial site in Valencia  Spain  is also strengthening the Group's position in this strategic market by significantly increasing the Group's plant extraction production capacity.VitafoodsTM Europe ShowGroupe Berkem will present its new range for the Nutraceutical market on May 14-16  2024  at Vitafoods in Geneva  on booth H254  hall 6.ABOUT GROUPE BERKEMFounded in 1993 by Olivier Fahy  Chairman and Chief Executive Officer  Groupe Berkem is a leading force in the bio-based chemicals market. Its mission is to advance the environmental transition of companies producing the chemicals used in everyday life (Construction & Materials  Health  Beauty & Nutrition  Hygiene & Protection  and Industry). By harnessing its expertise in both plant extraction and innovative formulations  Groupe Berkem has developed bio-based boosters—unique high-quality bio-based solutions augmenting the performance of synthetic molecules. Groupe Berkem achieved revenue of €51.9 million in 2023. The Group has almost 200 employees working at its head office (Blanquefort  Gironde) and 4 production facilities in Gardonne (Dordogne)  La Teste-de-Buch (Gironde)  Chartres (Eure-et-Loir) and Tonneins (Lot-et-Garonne).Groupe Berkem has been listed on Euronext Growth Paris since December 2021 (ISIN code: FR00140069V2 - ALKEM)www.groupeberkem.com1 Oligomeric ProanthoCyanidins2 Nutrition Business Journal  Supplement Business report  20233 Actif magazine  May 20244 With the exception of Mallowsym  sourced from EuropeView source version on businesswire.com: https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20240513851899/en/",neutral,0.02,0.98,0.01,positive,0.53,0.46,0.01,True,English,"['two Active Ingredients', 'New Nutraceutical Range', 'Groupe Berkem', 'Pineol® Premium', 'BiombalanceTM', 'unique high-quality bio-based solutions', 'dynamic dietary supplement market', 'Three additional premium ingredients', 'plant extraction production capacity', 'unique value proposition', 'Supplement Business report', 'Nathalie Lévy', 'Naturex Iberian Partners', 'French upcycling supply', 'Chief Executive Officer', 'high-quality raw materials', 'dietary supplements market', 'raw material sourcing', 'upcycled raw materials', 'Nutrition business area', 'two flagship ingredients', '2 Nutrition Business Journal', 'Vitafoods trade show', 'Landes pine bark', 'VitafoodsTM Europe Show', 'growing global market', 'bio-based chemicals market', 'leading Nutraceutical market', 'Euronext Growth Paris', 'new nutraceutical range', '4 production facilities', 'growing market', 'bio-based chemistry', 'bio-based boosters', 'local sourcing', 'strategic market', 'Pineol® Premium', 'five ingredients', 'leading player', 'active ingredients', 'plant compounds', 'growing demand', 'plant extracts', 'leading force', 'new range', 'Groupe Berkem', 'ISIN code', 'Marketing Manager', 'scientific objectification', 'grape seeds', 'continuous improvement', 'perfect examples', 'recent strengthening', 'industrial base', 'United States', 'Western Europe', 'innovative ingredient', 'microbiota modulation', 'digestive comfort', 'i.Bioceuticals', 'North America', 'industrial site', 'Olivier Fahy', 'environmental transition', 'everyday life', 'innovative formulations', 'synthetic molecules', 'head office', 'La Teste-de-Buch', '1 Oligomeric ProanthoCyanidins', '3 Actif magazine', 'source version', 'Innovative range', 'human health', 'gut health', 'proven expertise', 'long-standing expertise', 'many benefits', 'Regulatory News', 'recent acquisition', 'health benefits', 'The Group', 'Polyphenols', 'OPCs', 'Demonstration', 'Presentation', 'May', 'Geneva', 'booth', 'hall', 'ALKEM', 'FR00140069V2', 'Ticker', 'BiombalanceTM', 'Beauty', 'ability', 'commitment', 'Spain', 'credibility', 'naturalness', 'allergen', 'free', 'kosher', 'halal', 'virtues', 'Symint™', 'Mallowsym™', 'Symthym™', 'peppermint', 'marshmallow', 'throat', 'thyme', 'breathing', 'launch', 'February', 'footprint', 'world', 'Givaudan', 'Valencia', 'H25', 'ABOUT', 'Chairman', 'mission', 'companies', 'Construction', 'Hygiene', 'Protection', 'Industry', 'performance', 'revenue', '200 employees', 'Blanquefort', 'Gironde', 'Gardonne', 'Dordogne', 'Chartres', 'Eure', 'Loir', 'Tonneins', 'Lot', 'Garonne', 'December', 'groupeberkem', 'exception', 'View', 'businesswire']",2024-05-13,2024-05-14,marketscreener.com
40859,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2024/05/13/2880118/0/en/Air-France-KLM-announces-the-launch-of-a-tender-offer-to-repurchase-two-series-of-existing-notes-and-its-intention-to-issue-new-notes.html,Air France-KLM announces the launch of a tender offer to repurchase two series of existing notes and its intention to issue new notes,Paris  May 13  2024          Air France-KLM announces the launch of a tender offer to repurchase two series...,Paris  May 13  2024Air France-KLM announces the launch of a tender offer to repurchase two series of existing notes and its intention to issue new notesAir France-KLM (the “Company”) (Euronext Paris: FR0000031122) rated BBB- by Fitch and BB+ by S&P  announces today the launch of a tender offer to repurchase the following two series of existing notes in cash:€750 000 000 1.875 per cent notes due 16 January 2025 (ISIN: FR0013477254) (of which €750 000 000 is currently outstanding) (the “ 2025 Notes ”); and”); and €500 000 000 3.875 per cent notes due 1st July 2026 (ISIN: FR0014004AF5) (of which €500 000 000 is currently outstanding) (the “2026 Notes” and  together with the 2025 Notes  the “Existing Notes”) (the “Tender Offer”).The Company invites Qualifying Holders (as defined in the Tender Offer Memorandum) of the Existing Notes to tender for cash some or all of their notes  up to a maximum acceptance amount of €350 000 000 in aggregate principal amount subject to the right of the Company to increase or decrease such amount.In parallel  the Company announces its intention to issue  subject to market conditions  Euro denominated unsecured fixed rate benchmark notes expected to be rated BBB- by Fitch and BB+ by S&P (the “New Notes”) under its Euro 4 500 000 000 Euro Medium Term Note Programme  the proceeds of which will be used to refinance part of the existing debt of the Company by purchasing all or part of the Existing Notes and for general corporate purpose.This transaction is part of the Company’s ongoing dynamic management of its debt profile making use of its corporate credit ratings released in December 2023.The Tender Offer  combined with the rated issuance of the New Notes  will extend the Company’s average maturity profile.The Tender Offer is conditional upon the pricing of the issue of the New Notes in the sole determination and satisfaction of the Company (or the waiver of this condition by the Company).The acceptance of any Existing Notes validly tendered for purchase is at the sole and absolute discretion of the Company.The indicative date for the expiration of the Tender Offer is scheduled for 21st May 2024  unless extended  withdrawn  re-opened or terminated at the sole and absolute discretion of the Company. The final results are expected to be announced on 22nd May 2024.Investor RelationsMichiel Klinkers Marouane Mamimichiel.klinkers@airfranceklm.com marouane.mami@airfranceklm.comWebsite: www.airfranceklm.comDisclaimerThis press release does not constitute an offer to subscribe the New Notes nor an invitation to participate in the Tender Offer in or from any country or jurisdiction to whom or in which such offer would be unlawful under the applicable laws and regulations. The Tender Offer is made under the terms and conditions set out in the tender offer memorandum dated [•] May 2024 (the “Tender Offer Memorandum”).This press release is not a prospectus for the purposes of the Regulation (EU) 2017/1129  as amended (the “Prospectus Regulation”).The New Notes are not being subject to a public offering in any country or jurisdiction  including in France  to any person other than qualified investors. Tenders of Existing Notes for purchase pursuant to the Tender Offer from qualifying holders shall not be accepted in any circumstances where such offer or solicitation is unlawful. The Company does not make any recommendation as to whether or not qualifying holders should participate in the Tender Offer.The distribution of this press release may be restricted by law in certain jurisdictions. Persons into whose possession this press release comes should inform themselves about and observe any applicable legal and regulatory restrictions.Prohibition of sales to EEA retail investorsThe New Notes are not intended to be offered  sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered  sold  or otherwise made available to any retail investors in the European Economic Area (the “EEA”). For these purposes  a retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of:(i) a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of Directive 2014/65/EU as amended (“MiFID II”); and/or(ii) a customer within the meaning of Directive 2016/97/EU as amended  where that customer would not qualify as a professional client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II.FranceThis press release is only directed at qualified investors as defined in Article 2 point (e) of the Prospectus Regulation and in accordance with Article L. 411-2  1° of the French Code monétaire et financier.United KingdomThis press release is only directed at qualified investors within the meaning of Article 2(e) of the Prospectus Regulation as it forms part of the UK domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 who are (i) investment professionals as defined in Article 19(5) of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 (Financial Promotion) Order 2005 (the “Financial Promotion Order”); or (ii) persons falling within Article 43(2) of the Financial Promotion Order  including existing members and creditors of the Company  or (iii) other persons to whom it may otherwise be lawfully communicated.United StatesThis press release does not constitute or form a part of any offer or solicitation to purchase or subscribe for notes nor of any offer or solicitation to sell notes in the United States. The New Notes have not been and will not be registered under the Securities Act of 1933  as amended (the “Securities Act”) or with any securities regulatory authority of any state or other jurisdiction in the United States  and may not be offered  sold  pledged or otherwise transferred within the United States or to  or for the account or benefit of  U.S. persons (as defined in Regulation S of the Securities Act (each a “U.S. Person”))  directly or indirectly. The New Notes are being offered and sold only outside the United States to non-U.S. Persons in compliance with Regulation S under the Securities Act.The Tender Offer is not being made and will not be made directly or indirectly in or into  or by use of the mails of  or by any means or instrumentality (including  without limitation  facsimile transmission  telex  telephone  email and other forms of electronic transmission) of interstate or foreign commerce of  or any facility of a national securities exchange of  to owners of Existing Notes who are located in the United States or to U.S. Persons and such Existing Notes may not be tendered in the Tender Offer by any such use  means  instrumentality or facility from or within the United States  by persons located or resident in the United States or by U.S. Persons. Accordingly  copies of this press release are not being  and must not be  directly or indirectly  mailed or otherwise transmitted  distributed or forwarded in or into the United States or to any such person. Any purported offer to sell in response to the Tender Offer resulting directly or indirectly from a violation of these restrictions will be invalid  and offers to sell made by a person located or resident in in the United States or any agent  fiduciary or other intermediary acting on a non-discretionary basis for a principal giving instructions from within the United States or any U.S. Person will not be accepted.Attachment,neutral,0.06,0.93,0.01,negative,0.01,0.28,0.71,True,English,"['Air France-KLM', 'tender offer', 'two series', 'existing notes', 'new notes', 'launch', 'intention', 'Euro 4,500,000,000 Euro Medium Term Note Programme', 'unsecured fixed rate benchmark notes', 'French Code monétaire', 'general corporate purpose', 'ongoing dynamic management', 'corporate credit ratings', 'average maturity profile', 'European Economic Area', 'aggregate principal amount', 'following two series', 'UK domestic law', 'Tender Offer Memorandum', '3.875 per cent notes', 'Financial Promotion Order', 'The Tender Offer', 'maximum acceptance amount', 'The New Notes', 'EEA retail investors', 'debt profile', 'European Union', 'Financial Services', 'retail client', 'qualified investors', 'existing notes', 'Air France-KLM', 'S&P', 'Qualifying Holders', 'existing debt', 'rated issuance', 'absolute discretion', 'indicative date', 'final results', 'Investor Relations', 'press release', 'applicable laws', 'public offering', 'applicable legal', 'regulatory restrictions', 'MiFID II', 'professional client', 'United Kingdom', 'Withdrawal) Act', 'investment professionals', 'Markets Act', 'The Company', 'Euronext Paris', 'market conditions', '21st May', '22nd May', 'Prospectus Regulation', 'Directive 2016/97', 'sole determination', 'Article L.', 'Michiel Klinkers', 'Marouane Mami', 'Article 2 point', '2025 Notes', '2026 Notes', 'launch', 'intention', 'Fitch', 'BB', 'cash', 'ISIN', 'right', 'parallel', 'proceeds', 'part', 'transaction', 'use', 'December', 'pricing', 'issue', 'satisfaction', 'waiver', 'purchase', 'expiration', 'airfranceklm', 'Website', 'Disclaimer', 'invitation', 'country', 'jurisdiction', 'regulations', 'terms', 'purposes', 'person', 'Tenders', 'circumstances', 'solicitation', 'recommendation', 'distribution', 'possession', 'Prohibition', 'sales', 'customer', 'meaning', 'accordance', 'financier', 'virtue']",2024-05-13,2024-05-14,globenewswire.com
40860,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2024/05/13/2880751/0/en/Tonner-Drones-Exits-Last-Variable-Pricing-Instrument.html,Tonner Drones Exits Last Variable Pricing Instrument,Tonner Drones Exits Last Variable Pricing Instrument   Cannes  13 May 2024 18:00   Tonner Drones (“Tonner Drones” or the “Company”) is pleased to...,"Tonner Drones Exits Last Variable Pricing InstrumentCannes  13 May 2024 18:00Tonner Drones (“Tonner Drones” or the “Company”) is pleased to announce that it has reached an agreement with the holders of the Fiducie A trust to end the Company’s last variable pricing instrument.Agreement to terminate the Company’s last remaining variable pricing instrumentReduction of potential dilution  estimated to be between 15% and 20%Reduction of overall debt by an estimation of more than €1MCompany expects a book profit from repurchasing the Fiducie A debt at a discountNew selling restrictions imposed on Fiducie A to reduce their influence on the share priceNew bonds  with fixed conversion price  are being negotiated with new investors to finance cash payments to Fiducie ACompany management likely to take part in the transaction to end variable pricing instrumentManagement strives towards a simpler capital structureOne of management’s key objectives when arriving at Tonner Drones in June of 2023 was to end all legacy variable pricing instruments. Towards those ends  Tonner Drones successfully ended the Company’s longstanding relationship with Yorkville on March 1  20241. Following the successful capital increase announced on April 2  20242  the Company turned its attention to also ending the contract with Fiducie A as soon as possible.The outstanding debt to Fiducie A was €2.1M. Tonner Drones reached a discounted deal with the Fiducie A holders for €1.5M.Fiducie A will receive a first cash payment in the coming days of €300 000 and a second payment on July 17  2024  of €400 000. Those cash payments will be financed with a new bond that does not include any variable pricing element. The terms of that bond are currently being negotiated with D.M. van den Ouden  one of the Tonner Drones board members  who is likely to participate in funding this bond to allow the Company to make these cash payments. The specific terms of the bond will be disclosed in a separate press release upon execution.Throughout the month of May  Fiducie A will be permitted to issue conversion notices to the Company for a maximum of 13.3M shares.Fiducie A will receive an additional total of 20M shares at nominal value of €0.025  through the issuance of four separate installments of 5M shares on the first day of June  July  August  and September 2024.Taken together  the cash payments to Fidcuie A and the converted shares issued over the next five months to Fiducie A will result in an estimated dilution of between 15% and 20%  a significant reduction of the Company’s debt  and the end of variable pricing instruments.New measures have also been introduced to limit Fiducie A’s ability to influence the share price through aggressive trading. Fiducie A will be restricted to selling a maximum of 13.5% of the daily volume up to 5M of the daily volume  and 10% after 5M of the daily volume. The maximum number of shares that Fiducie A can sell in one day is capped at 1M.A final calculation will be made on September 30  2024  to ensure that Fiducie A has received precisely €1.5M. A maximum payment of €400 0000 in cash will be made to Fiducie A on October 1  2024  in the event that the proceeds to Fiducie A fall below €1.5M.If TonnerDrones does not pay all or part of the cash payments to Fiducie A  then Fiducie A will resume exercising BSAE1 to recover the missed cash amount. Nevertheless  TonnerDrones’ intention is to fulfill all cash payments and thereby reduce dilution.“I’m an investor and have always felt that variable pricing financing instruments are unfair to shareholders. Therefore I decided to make another investment  to enable the Company to buy back this variable pricing instrument from Fiducie A and protect all shareholders  including those who so recently invested in the rights issue (at €0.025) and who are now supporting our mission to rebuild the Company. By repurchasing this variable pricing instrument  the Company lowers its debt so that it can move forward without the pressure of these variable pricing instruments. The Company’s debt is now longer term and therefore does not pressure it anymore. Given the history of DeltaDrone’s catastrophic reliance on these variable pricing instruments  this is a major milestone for Tonner Drones. Management has invested heavily in the Company in both debt and equity. This critical step is essential to regaining confidence from the market and conclusively breaking from the past. The management and board of directors are fully dedicated to continuing to work hard to make the Company successful and create value for our shareholders.” says D.M. van den Ouden  member of the board.End of press-release.About Tonner Drones : Tonner Drones (formerly Delta Drone) develops UAVs and associated technologies for the defense and homeland security sectors. Tonner Drones holds valuable stakes in some of France's leading civilian and military drone manufacturers. Tonner Drones’ strategy is to leverage its shareholdings in these companies through active asset management  a private equity fund  and by teaming up with other private equity funds to become a significant industry consolidator. Additional revenues can be achieved through royalties from patents held by Tonner Drones to recognized manufacturers. Tonner Drones does not plan on owning a factory; however  it is determined to retain R&D for its products and systems in France.Tonner Drones’ shares are listed on Euronext Growth Paris (ISIN code: FR001400H2X4).More information at www.tonnerdrones.comIf you would like to find out more  or if you are interested in a partnership: contact@tonnerdrones.comTonner DronesDiede van den OudenCommunication financièreinvestors@tonnerdrones.comTonner DronesFabrice AstreRelations avec la pressepress@tonnerdrones.comWarningRegarding the merits of any transaction or the making of any investment decision. It does not constitute or include any confirmation or commitment by Tonner Drones (or any other person) regarding the present or future value of TonnerDrones' business  its securities  its subsidiaries or any other assets of TonnerDrones.This press release contains forward-looking statements based on current beliefs and expectations regarding future events. These forward-looking statements may include projections and estimates and their underlying assumptions  statements regarding plans  objectives  intentions and/or expectations regarding future financial results  events  operations and services. and product development  as well as statements regarding performance or events. These statements are generally identified by the terms ""expect""  ""anticipate""  ""believe""  ""intend""  ""estimate""  ""plan""  ""project""  ""may""  ""should"" or the negative form of these and other similar expressions. These statements are not guarantees of future performance and are subject to inherent risks  uncertainties and assumptions regarding TonnerDrones and its subsidiaries and investments  trends in their businesses  future capital expenditures and acquisitions  developments relating to contingent liabilities  changes in global economic conditions or TonnerDrones' principal markets  competitive market conditions and regulatory factors. The realization of these events is uncertain; their outcome could turn out to be different from that envisaged today  which is likely to significantly affect the expected results. Actual results may differ materially from those anticipated or implied in these forward-looking statements. Any forward-looking statements contained in this press release are made as of the date of this press release. Except as required by applicable law  TonnerDrones undertakes no obligation to revise or update any forward-looking statements  taking into account new information or future events.1https://tonnerdrones.com/wp-content/uploads/2024/03/2024-03-01_Tonner-Drones-Ends-Convertible-Note-Relationship-with-Yorkville.pdf2 https://tonnerdrones.com/wp-content/uploads/2024/04/Tonner-Drones-PR-Capital-Increase-Result_Final.pdfAttachment",neutral,0.01,0.99,0.01,mixed,0.26,0.35,0.4,True,English,"['Last Variable Pricing Instrument', 'Tonner Drones', 'D.M. van den Ouden', 'last remaining variable pricing instrument', 'Last Variable Pricing Instrument', 'legacy variable pricing instruments', 'variable pricing financing instruments', 'variable pricing instrument Management', 'Tonner Drones board members', 'variable pricing element', 'simpler capital structure', 'successful capital increase', 'separate press release', 'four separate installments', 'next five months', 'homeland security sectors', 'military drone manufacturers', 'New selling restrictions', 'active asset management', 'private equity fund', 'fixed conversion price', 'Tonner Drones’ strategy', 'first cash payment', 'Fiducie A holders', 'Fiducie A debt', 'conversion notices', 'first day', 'Delta Drone', 'share price', 'second payment', 'New bonds', 'new investors', 'New measures', 'Fidcuie A', 'book profit', 'cash payments', 'key objectives', 'longstanding relationship', 'discounted deal', 'coming days', 'additional total', 'aggressive trading', 'daily volume', 'one day', 'final calculation', 'cash amount', 'rights issue', 'catastrophic reliance', 'major milestone', 'critical step', 'associated technologies', 'valuable stakes', 'leading civilian', 'maximum payment', '13.3M shares', '20M shares', 'overall debt', 'outstanding debt', 'specific terms', 'nominal value', 'maximum number', 'TonnerDrones’ intention', 'potential dilution', 'significant reduction', 'Company management', 'The Company', '5M shares', '€1M Company', 'Cannes', '13 May', 'agreement', 'trust', 'estimation', 'influence', 'part', 'transaction', 'June', 'ends', 'Yorkville', 'March', 'April', 'attention', 'contract', 'July', 'execution', 'issuance', 'August', 'September', 'converted', 'ability', 'October', 'event', 'proceeds', 'BSAE1', 'shareholders', 'investment', 'mission', 'pressure', 'history', 'DeltaDrone', 'confidence', 'market', 'past', 'directors', 'press-release', 'UAVs', 'defense', 'France', 'shareholdings', 'companies', 'tea']",2024-05-13,2024-05-14,globenewswire.com
40861,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2024/05/13/2880069/0/en/Valneva-Reports-Further-Positive-Pivotal-Phase-3-Data-in-Adolescents-for-its-Single-Shot-Chikungunya-Vaccine.html,Valneva Reports Further Positive Pivotal Phase 3 Data in Adolescents for its Single-Shot Chikungunya Vaccine,Results Intended to Support Filing for Potential Label Extension for Use in Adolescents          Saint-Herblain (France)  May 13  2024 – Valneva SE......,"Results Intended to Support Filing for Potential Label Extension for Use in AdolescentsSaint-Herblain (France)  May 13  2024 – Valneva SE (Nasdaq: VALN; Euronext Paris: VLA)  a specialty vaccine company  today reported further positive pivotal Phase 3 data in adolescents for its single-shot chikungunya virus (CHIKV) vaccine. Following the initial analysis up to Day 29 post-vaccination  the most recent analysis of study VLA1553-321 evaluated the safety and immunogenicity six months (Day 180) after vaccination with a single dose of the vaccine. The Day 180 results confirm the initial positive immunogenicity and safety data Valneva reported previously1 2  and are intended to support filing for potential label extension for use in adolescents aged 12 to 17 years. The data are also expected to support licensure of IXCHIQ® in Brazil  which would be the first potential approval for use in endemic populations.The latest VLA1553-321 data confirmed that a single-dose vaccination with VLA1553 induced a high  sustained immune response with a seroresponse rate of 99.1% (232 out of 234 participants) at Day 180 compared to 98.8% (248 out of 251 participants) at Day 29 in an immunogenicity subset of individuals who were CHIKV negative at baseline.Geometric mean antibody titers (GMTs) consistently surpassed the seroresponse threshold defined with the U.S. Food and Drug Administration (FDA)3 as the surrogate of protection in baseline seronegative participants who received a single dose of VLA1553.Additionally  the Day 180 data confirmed that a single dose of the vaccine was generally safe and well tolerated in adolescents receiving VLA1553  irrespective of previous infection with the chikungunya virus. Throughout the trial  an Independent Data Safety Monitoring Board (IDSMB) consistently assessed safety data and found no safety issues. The majority of solicited adverse events observed following VLA1553 administration were mild or moderate and resolved within three days post vaccination.Juan Carlos Jaramillo M.D.  Chief Medical Officer of Valneva  said  “We are highly encouraged by these data  as they reinforce the strong immunity and safety observed in adults and the elderly  upon which FDA approval was granted. Given the substantial risk that chikungunya presents to individuals residing in or traveling to endemic regions  it's imperative to ensure the vaccine is available to all age groups. This broader accessibility can help provide protection and mitigate the burden of this debilitating illness.""Conducted in collaboration with Instituto Butantan in Brazil and funded by the Coalition for Epidemic Preparedness Innovations (CEPI) with support from the European Union’s Horizon 2020 program  the VLA1553-321 trial represents the first clinical trial conducted in an endemic area and with individuals previously infected with CHIKV.Valneva’s vaccine IXCHIQ® is the world’s first and only licensed chikungunya vaccine available to address this significant unmet medical need. It was approved by the U.S. FDA in November 20234  and the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention (CDC) recently adopted the Advisory Committee on Immunization Practices’ (ACIP) recommendations on use of the vaccine in the U.S.5. Three marketing applications are currently under review by the European Medicines Agency  Health Canada and the Brazilian Health Regulatory Agency (ANVISA) with potential approvals in 2024. IXCHIQ®’s final pivotal Phase 3 data were published in The Lancet  the world’s leading peer-reviewed medical journal  in June 20236.About Phase 3 Study VLA1553-321VLA1553-321 is a prospective  double-blinded  multicenter  randomized  placebo-controlled pivotal Phase 3 trial conducted in 754 adolescents aged 12 to 17 years old in Brazil. The VLA1553-321 clinical trial was initiated in January 2022 and Valneva reported initial immunogenicity and safety data in November7 and August 20238  respectively. VLA1553 or placebo was administered as a single intramuscular immunization to participants who were randomized into two study groups at a 2:1 ratio. The primary objective is to evaluate the immunogenicity and safety of the adult dose of VLA1553 in adolescents 28 days following a single vaccination. Secondary objectives of the trial include assessment of safety and immunogenicity up to twelve months following a single vaccination with VLA1553. Additional information  including a detailed description of the study design  eligibility criteria and investigator sites  is available at ClinicalTrials.gov (Identifier: NCT04650399).About ChikungunyaChikungunya is a mosquito-borne viral disease caused by the chikungunya virus (CHIKV)  a Togaviridae virus  transmitted by Aedes mosquitoes. Infection leads to symptomatic disease in up to 97% of humans after four to seven days following the mosquito bite9. While mortality with CHIKV is low  morbidity is high  and the global market for vaccines against chikungunya is estimated to exceed $500 million annually by 203210. Clinical symptoms include acute onset of fever  debilitating joint and muscle pain  headache  nausea  rash and chronic arthralgia. The Chikungunya virus often causes sudden large outbreaks with high attack rates  affecting one-third to three-quarters of the population in areas where the virus is circulating. The high-risk areas of infection for travelers are places where chikungunya virus-carrying mosquitos are endemic  including the Americas  parts of Africa  and Southeast Asia  and the virus has spread to more than 110 countries11. Between 2013 and 2023  more than 3.7 million cases were reported in the Americas12 and the economic impact is considered to be significant. The medical and economic burden is expected to grow as the CHIKV primary mosquito vectors continue to spread geographically. Before IXCHIQ®  there were no preventive vaccines or effective treatments available and  as such  chikungunya is considered to be a major public health threat.To make the vaccine more accessible to Low- and Middle-Income Countries (LMIC)  Valneva and Instituto Butantan in Brazil signed an agreement in January 2021 for the development  manufacturing and marketing of VLA155313. The collaboration falls within the framework of the agreement signed between CEPI and Valneva in July 201914  which provides funding of up to $24.6 million with support from the European Union’s Horizon 2020 program. Regulatory review by the Brazilian authority ANVISA is ongoing.About IXCHIQ®In the U.S.  IXCHIQ® is a live-attenuated vaccine indicated for the prevention of disease caused by chikungunya virus (CHIKV) in individuals 18 years of age and older who are at increased risk of exposure to CHIKV. As for all products approved under FDA’s accelerated approval pathway  continued approval for this indication is contingent upon verification and description of clinical benefit in confirmatory studies.Please click here for full Prescribing Information for IXCHIQ®.About Valneva SEWe are a specialty vaccine company that develops  manufactures  and commercializes prophylactic vaccines for infectious diseases addressing unmet medical needs. We take a highly specialized and targeted approach  applying our deep expertise across multiple vaccine modalities  focused on providing either first-  best- or only-in-class vaccine solutions.We have a strong track record  having advanced multiple vaccines from early R&D to approvals  and currently market three proprietary travel vaccines as well as certain third-party vaccines leveraging our established commercial infrastructure.Revenues from our growing commercial business help fuel the continued advancement of our vaccine pipeline. This includes the only Lyme disease vaccine candidate in advanced clinical development  which is partnered with Pfizer  as well as vaccine candidates against the Zika virus and other global public health threats.Valneva Investor and Media ContactsLaetitia Bachelot-FontaineVP Global Communications & European Investor RelationsM +33 (0)6 4516 7099laetitia.bachelot-fontaine@valneva.comJoshua Drumm  Ph.D.VP Global Investor RelationsM +001 917 815 4520joshua.drumm@valneva.comForward-Looking StatementsThis press release contains certain forward-looking statements relating to the business of Valneva  including with respect to the progress  timing  results and completion of research  development and clinical trials for product candidates  to regulatory approval of product candidates and review of existing products. In addition  even if the actual results or development of Valneva are consistent with the forward-looking statements contained in this press release  those results or developments of Valneva may not be sustained in the future. In some cases  you can identify forward-looking statements by words such as “could ” “should ” “may ” “expects ” “anticipates ” “believes ” “intends ” “estimates ” “aims ” “targets ” or similar words. These forward-looking statements are based largely on the current expectations of Valneva as of the date of this press release and are subject to a number of known and unknown risks and uncertainties and other factors that may cause actual results  performance or achievements to be materially different from any future results  performance or achievement expressed or implied by these forward-looking statements. In particular  the expectations of Valneva could be affected by  among other things  uncertainties and delays involved in the development and manufacture of vaccines  unexpected clinical trial results  unexpected regulatory actions or delays  competition in general  currency fluctuations  the impact of the global and European credit crisis  and the ability to obtain or maintain patent or other proprietary intellectual property protection. Success in preclinical studies or earlier clinical trials may not be indicative of results in future clinical trials. In light of these risks and uncertainties  there can be no assurance that the forward-looking statements made during this presentation will in fact be realized. Valneva is providing the information in these materials as of this press release and disclaim any intention or obligation to publicly update or revise any forward-looking statements  whether as a result of new information  future events  or otherwise.1 Valneva Reports Positive Pivotal Phase 3 Immunogenicity Data in Adolescents for its Single-Shot Chikungunya Vaccine Candidate2 Valneva Reports Positive Initial Phase 3 Safety Data in Adolescents for its Single-Shot Chikungunya Vaccine Candidate3 Defined as µPRNT 50 antibody titer ≥ 150 agreed with the FDA as surrogate of protection to support accelerated approval4 Valneva Announces U.S. FDA Approval of World’s First Chikungunya Vaccine  IXCHIQ® - Valneva5 ACIP Vaccine Recommendations and Schedules | CDC6 Safety and immunogenicity of a single-shot live-attenuated chikungunya vaccine: a double-blind  multicentre  randomised  placebo-controlled  phase 3 trial - The Lancet7 Valneva Reports Positive Pivotal Phase 3 Immunogenicity Data in Adolescents for its Single-Shot Chikungunya Vaccine Candidate8 Valneva Reports Positive Initial Phase 3 Safety Data in Adolescents for its Single-Shot Chikungunya Vaccine Candidate9 Staples  J.E. Hills  S.L. Powers  A.M. ""Chikungunya."" In CDC Yellow Book 2020: Health Information for International Travel  by Centers for Disease Control and Prevention. New York: Oxford University Press  202010 VacZine Analytics Chikungunya virus vaccines Global demand analysis. February 202011 https://www.who.int/news-room/fact-sheets/detail/chikungunya12 PAHO/WHO data: Number of reported cases of chikungunya fever in the Americas (Cumulative Cases 2018-2023 and Cases per year 2013-2017). https://www.paho.org/data/index.php/en/mnu-topics/chikv-en/550-chikv-weekly-en.html. Last accessed 01 Aug 2023.13 Valneva and Instituto Butantan Sign Final Agreement on Single-Shot Chikungunya Vaccine for Low and Middle Income Countries14 CEPI awards up to $23.4 million to Valneva for late-stage development of a single-dose Chikungunya vaccineAttachment",neutral,0.03,0.95,0.02,mixed,0.33,0.28,0.4,True,English,"['Positive Pivotal Phase 3 Data', 'Single-Shot Chikungunya Vaccine', 'Valneva', 'Adolescents', 'prospective, double-blinded, multicenter, randomized, placebo-controlled pivotal Phase 3 trial', 'Juan Carlos Jaramillo M.D.', 'Independent Data Safety Monitoring Board', 'final pivotal Phase 3 data', 'high, sustained immune response', 'Geometric mean antibody titers', 'positive pivotal Phase 3 data', 'significant unmet medical need', 'leading peer-reviewed medical journal', 'Brazilian Health Regulatory Agency', 'four to seven days', 'The VLA1553-321 clinical trial', 'Chief Medical Officer', 'Epidemic Preparedness Innovations', 'European Medicines Agency', 'Potential Label Extension', 'latest VLA1553-321 data', 'first clinical trial', 'Three marketing applications', 'mosquito-borne viral disease', 'U.S. Food', 'single intramuscular immunization', 'specialty vaccine company', 'first potential approval', 'initial positive immunogenicity', 'two study groups', 'U.S. FDA', 'single-shot chikungunya virus', 'The Day 180 results', 'baseline seronegative participants', 'Phase 3 Study', 'licensed chikungunya vaccine', 'VLA1553-321 trial', 'Health Canada', 'The Lancet', 'Clinical symptoms', 'three days', 'potential approvals', '12 to 17 years', 'up to', 'FDA approval', 'age groups', 'European Union', 'safety data', 'initial analysis', 'Disease Control', 'symptomatic disease', 'Day 180 data', 'Togaviridae virus', 'single dose', 'Euronext Paris', 'recent analysis', 'endemic populations', 'seroresponse rate', 'seroresponse threshold', 'Drug Administration', 'adverse events', 'strong immunity', 'substantial risk', 'endemic regions', 'broader accessibility', 'debilitating illness', 'Instituto Butantan', 'Horizon 2020 program', 'endemic area', 'Advisory Committee', 'initial immunogenicity', 'primary objective', 'adult dose', 'Secondary objectives', 'twelve months', 'Additional information', 'detailed description', 'study design', 'eligibility criteria', 'investigator sites', 'ClinicalTrials.gov', 'Aedes mosquitoes', 'mosquito bite', 'global market', 'acute onset', 'debilitating joint', 'muscle pain', 'safety issues', 'single vaccination', 'Day 29 post-vaccination', 'immunogenicity subset', 'single-dose vaccination', 'previous infection', 'Valneva SE', 'VLA1553 administration', 'CHIKV) vaccine', '28 days', '234 participants', '251 participants', 'Filing', 'Use', 'Adolescents', 'Saint-Herblain', 'France', 'May', 'Nasdaq', 'licensure', 'IXCHIQ®', 'individuals', 'GMTs', 'surrogate', 'protection', 'IDSMB', 'majority', 'adults', 'burden', 'collaboration', 'Coalition', 'CEPI', 'support', 'world', 'November', 'Centers', 'Prevention', 'CDC', 'ACIP', 'recommendations', 'ANVISA', 'June', 'January', 'August', '2:1 ratio', 'assessment', 'Identifier', 'humans', 'mortality', 'morbidity', 'vaccines', 'fever', 'headache', '2024']",2024-05-13,2024-05-14,globenewswire.com
40862,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/VALNEVA-54466/news/Valneva-Reports-Further-Positive-Pivotal-Phase-3-Data-in-Adolescents-for-its-Single-Shot-Chikungunya-46702178/,Valneva Reports Further Positive Pivotal Phase 3 Data in Adolescents for its Single-Shot Chikungunya Vaccine,(marketscreener.com) Results Intended to Support Filing for Potential Label Extension for Use in Adolescents Saint-Herblain   May 13  2024 – Valneva SE   a specialty vaccine company  today reported further positive pivotal Phase 3 data in adolescents for its …,"Results Intended to Support Filing for Potential Label Extension for Use in AdolescentsSaint-Herblain (France)  May 13  2024 – Valneva SE (Nasdaq: VALN; Euronext Paris: VLA)  a specialty vaccine company  today reported further positive pivotal Phase 3 data in adolescents for its single-shot chikungunya virus (CHIKV) vaccine. Following the initial analysis up to Day 29 post-vaccination  the most recent analysis of study VLA1553-321 evaluated the safety and immunogenicity six months (Day 180) after vaccination with a single dose of the vaccine. The Day 180 results confirm the initial positive immunogenicity and safety data Valneva reported previously1 2  and are intended to support filing for potential label extension for use in adolescents aged 12 to 17 years. The data are also expected to support licensure of IXCHIQ® in Brazil  which would be the first potential approval for use in endemic populations.The latest VLA1553-321 data confirmed that a single-dose vaccination with VLA1553 induced a high  sustained immune response with a seroresponse rate of 99.1% (232 out of 234 participants) at Day 180 compared to 98.8% (248 out of 251 participants) at Day 29 in an immunogenicity subset of individuals who were CHIKV negative at baseline.Geometric mean antibody titers (GMTs) consistently surpassed the seroresponse threshold defined with the U.S. Food and Drug Administration (FDA)3 as the surrogate of protection in baseline seronegative participants who received a single dose of VLA1553.Additionally  the Day 180 data confirmed that a single dose of the vaccine was generally safe and well tolerated in adolescents receiving VLA1553  irrespective of previous infection with the chikungunya virus. Throughout the trial  an Independent Data Safety Monitoring Board (IDSMB) consistently assessed safety data and found no safety issues. The majority of solicited adverse events observed following VLA1553 administration were mild or moderate and resolved within three days post vaccination.Juan Carlos Jaramillo M.D.  Chief Medical Officer of Valneva  said  “We are highly encouraged by these data  as they reinforce the strong immunity and safety observed in adults and the elderly  upon which FDA approval was granted. Given the substantial risk that chikungunya presents to individuals residing in or traveling to endemic regions  it's imperative to ensure the vaccine is available to all age groups. This broader accessibility can help provide protection and mitigate the burden of this debilitating illness.""Conducted in collaboration with Instituto Butantan in Brazil and funded by the Coalition for Epidemic Preparedness Innovations (CEPI) with support from the European Union’s Horizon 2020 program  the VLA1553-321 trial represents the first clinical trial conducted in an endemic area and with individuals previously infected with CHIKV.Valneva’s vaccine IXCHIQ® is the world’s first and only licensed chikungunya vaccine available to address this significant unmet medical need. It was approved by the U.S. FDA in November 20234  and the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention (CDC) recently adopted the Advisory Committee on Immunization Practices’ (ACIP) recommendations on use of the vaccine in the U.S.5. Three marketing applications are currently under review by the European Medicines Agency  Health Canada and the Brazilian Health Regulatory Agency (ANVISA) with potential approvals in 2024. IXCHIQ®’s final pivotal Phase 3 data were published in The Lancet  the world’s leading peer-reviewed medical journal  in June 20236.About Phase 3 Study VLA1553-321VLA1553-321 is a prospective  double-blinded  multicenter  randomized  placebo-controlled pivotal Phase 3 trial conducted in 754 adolescents aged 12 to 17 years old in Brazil. The VLA1553-321 clinical trial was initiated in January 2022 and Valneva reported initial immunogenicity and safety data in November7 and August 20238  respectively. VLA1553 or placebo was administered as a single intramuscular immunization to participants who were randomized into two study groups at a 2:1 ratio. The primary objective is to evaluate the immunogenicity and safety of the adult dose of VLA1553 in adolescents 28 days following a single vaccination. Secondary objectives of the trial include assessment of safety and immunogenicity up to twelve months following a single vaccination with VLA1553. Additional information  including a detailed description of the study design  eligibility criteria and investigator sites  is available at ClinicalTrials.gov (Identifier: NCT04650399).About ChikungunyaChikungunya is a mosquito-borne viral disease caused by the chikungunya virus (CHIKV)  a Togaviridae virus  transmitted by Aedes mosquitoes. Infection leads to symptomatic disease in up to 97% of humans after four to seven days following the mosquito bite9. While mortality with CHIKV is low  morbidity is high  and the global market for vaccines against chikungunya is estimated to exceed $500 million annually by 203210. Clinical symptoms include acute onset of fever  debilitating joint and muscle pain  headache  nausea  rash and chronic arthralgia. The Chikungunya virus often causes sudden large outbreaks with high attack rates  affecting one-third to three-quarters of the population in areas where the virus is circulating. The high-risk areas of infection for travelers are places where chikungunya virus-carrying mosquitos are endemic  including the Americas  parts of Africa  and Southeast Asia  and the virus has spread to more than 110 countries11. Between 2013 and 2023  more than 3.7 million cases were reported in the Americas12 and the economic impact is considered to be significant. The medical and economic burden is expected to grow as the CHIKV primary mosquito vectors continue to spread geographically. Before IXCHIQ®  there were no preventive vaccines or effective treatments available and  as such  chikungunya is considered to be a major public health threat.To make the vaccine more accessible to Low- and Middle-Income Countries (LMIC)  Valneva and Instituto Butantan in Brazil signed an agreement in January 2021 for the development  manufacturing and marketing of VLA155313. The collaboration falls within the framework of the agreement signed between CEPI and Valneva in July 201914  which provides funding of up to $24.6 million with support from the European Union’s Horizon 2020 program. Regulatory review by the Brazilian authority ANVISA is ongoing.About IXCHIQ®In the U.S.  IXCHIQ® is a live-attenuated vaccine indicated for the prevention of disease caused by chikungunya virus (CHIKV) in individuals 18 years of age and older who are at increased risk of exposure to CHIKV. As for all products approved under FDA’s accelerated approval pathway  continued approval for this indication is contingent upon verification and description of clinical benefit in confirmatory studies.Please click here for full Prescribing Information for IXCHIQ®.About Valneva SEWe are a specialty vaccine company that develops  manufactures  and commercializes prophylactic vaccines for infectious diseases addressing unmet medical needs. We take a highly specialized and targeted approach  applying our deep expertise across multiple vaccine modalities  focused on providing either first-  best- or only-in-class vaccine solutions.We have a strong track record  having advanced multiple vaccines from early R&D to approvals  and currently market three proprietary travel vaccines as well as certain third-party vaccines leveraging our established commercial infrastructure.Revenues from our growing commercial business help fuel the continued advancement of our vaccine pipeline. This includes the only Lyme disease vaccine candidate in advanced clinical development  which is partnered with Pfizer  as well as vaccine candidates against the Zika virus and other global public health threats.Valneva Investor and Media ContactsLaetitia Bachelot-FontaineVP Global Communications & European Investor RelationsM +33 (0)6 4516 7099laetitia.bachelot-fontaine@valneva.comJoshua Drumm  Ph.D.VP Global Investor RelationsM +001 917 815 4520joshua.drumm@valneva.comForward-Looking StatementsThis press release contains certain forward-looking statements relating to the business of Valneva  including with respect to the progress  timing  results and completion of research  development and clinical trials for product candidates  to regulatory approval of product candidates and review of existing products. In addition  even if the actual results or development of Valneva are consistent with the forward-looking statements contained in this press release  those results or developments of Valneva may not be sustained in the future. In some cases  you can identify forward-looking statements by words such as “could ” “should ” “may ” “expects ” “anticipates ” “believes ” “intends ” “estimates ” “aims ” “targets ” or similar words. These forward-looking statements are based largely on the current expectations of Valneva as of the date of this press release and are subject to a number of known and unknown risks and uncertainties and other factors that may cause actual results  performance or achievements to be materially different from any future results  performance or achievement expressed or implied by these forward-looking statements. In particular  the expectations of Valneva could be affected by  among other things  uncertainties and delays involved in the development and manufacture of vaccines  unexpected clinical trial results  unexpected regulatory actions or delays  competition in general  currency fluctuations  the impact of the global and European credit crisis  and the ability to obtain or maintain patent or other proprietary intellectual property protection. Success in preclinical studies or earlier clinical trials may not be indicative of results in future clinical trials. In light of these risks and uncertainties  there can be no assurance that the forward-looking statements made during this presentation will in fact be realized. Valneva is providing the information in these materials as of this press release and disclaim any intention or obligation to publicly update or revise any forward-looking statements  whether as a result of new information  future events  or otherwise.1 Valneva Reports Positive Pivotal Phase 3 Immunogenicity Data in Adolescents for its Single-Shot Chikungunya Vaccine Candidate2 Valneva Reports Positive Initial Phase 3 Safety Data in Adolescents for its Single-Shot Chikungunya Vaccine Candidate3 Defined as µPRNT 50 antibody titer ≥ 150 agreed with the FDA as surrogate of protection to support accelerated approval4 Valneva Announces U.S. FDA Approval of World’s First Chikungunya Vaccine  IXCHIQ® - Valneva5 ACIP Vaccine Recommendations and Schedules | CDC6 Safety and immunogenicity of a single-shot live-attenuated chikungunya vaccine: a double-blind  multicentre  randomised  placebo-controlled  phase 3 trial - The Lancet7 Valneva Reports Positive Pivotal Phase 3 Immunogenicity Data in Adolescents for its Single-Shot Chikungunya Vaccine Candidate8 Valneva Reports Positive Initial Phase 3 Safety Data in Adolescents for its Single-Shot Chikungunya Vaccine Candidate9 Staples  J.E. Hills  S.L. Powers  A.M. ""Chikungunya."" In CDC Yellow Book 2020: Health Information for International Travel  by Centers for Disease Control and Prevention. New York: Oxford University Press  202010 VacZine Analytics Chikungunya virus vaccines Global demand analysis. February 202011 https://www.who.int/news-room/fact-sheets/detail/chikungunya12 PAHO/WHO data: Number of reported cases of chikungunya fever in the Americas (Cumulative Cases 2018-2023 and Cases per year 2013-2017). https://www.paho.org/data/index.php/en/mnu-topics/chikv-en/550-chikv-weekly-en.html. Last accessed 01 Aug 2023.13 Valneva and Instituto Butantan Sign Final Agreement on Single-Shot Chikungunya Vaccine for Low and Middle Income Countries14CEPI awards up to $23.4 million to Valneva for late-stage development of a single-dose Chikungunya vaccineAttachment",neutral,0.03,0.95,0.02,mixed,0.33,0.28,0.4,True,English,"['Positive Pivotal Phase 3 Data', 'Single-Shot Chikungunya Vaccine', 'Valneva', 'Adolescents', 'prospective, double-blinded, multicenter, randomized, placebo-controlled pivotal Phase 3 trial', 'Juan Carlos Jaramillo M.D.', 'Independent Data Safety Monitoring Board', 'final pivotal Phase 3 data', 'high, sustained immune response', 'Geometric mean antibody titers', 'positive pivotal Phase 3 data', 'significant unmet medical need', 'leading peer-reviewed medical journal', 'Brazilian Health Regulatory Agency', 'four to seven days', 'The VLA1553-321 clinical trial', 'Chief Medical Officer', 'Epidemic Preparedness Innovations', 'European Medicines Agency', 'Potential Label Extension', 'latest VLA1553-321 data', 'first clinical trial', 'Three marketing applications', 'mosquito-borne viral disease', 'U.S. Food', 'single intramuscular immunization', 'specialty vaccine company', 'first potential approval', 'initial positive immunogenicity', 'two study groups', 'U.S. FDA', 'single-shot chikungunya virus', 'The Day 180 results', 'baseline seronegative participants', 'Phase 3 Study', 'licensed chikungunya vaccine', 'VLA1553-321 trial', 'Health Canada', 'The Lancet', 'Clinical symptoms', 'three days', 'potential approvals', '12 to 17 years', 'up to', 'FDA approval', 'age groups', 'European Union', 'safety data', 'initial analysis', 'Disease Control', 'symptomatic disease', 'Day 180 data', 'Togaviridae virus', 'single dose', 'Euronext Paris', 'recent analysis', 'endemic populations', 'seroresponse rate', 'seroresponse threshold', 'Drug Administration', 'adverse events', 'strong immunity', 'substantial risk', 'endemic regions', 'broader accessibility', 'debilitating illness', 'Instituto Butantan', 'Horizon 2020 program', 'endemic area', 'Advisory Committee', 'initial immunogenicity', 'primary objective', 'adult dose', 'Secondary objectives', 'twelve months', 'Additional information', 'detailed description', 'study design', 'eligibility criteria', 'investigator sites', 'ClinicalTrials.gov', 'Aedes mosquitoes', 'mosquito bite', 'global market', 'acute onset', 'debilitating joint', 'muscle pain', 'safety issues', 'single vaccination', 'Day 29 post-vaccination', 'immunogenicity subset', 'single-dose vaccination', 'previous infection', 'Valneva SE', 'VLA1553 administration', 'CHIKV) vaccine', '28 days', '234 participants', '251 participants', 'Filing', 'Use', 'Adolescents', 'Saint-Herblain', 'France', 'May', 'Nasdaq', 'licensure', 'IXCHIQ®', 'individuals', 'GMTs', 'surrogate', 'protection', 'IDSMB', 'majority', 'adults', 'burden', 'collaboration', 'Coalition', 'CEPI', 'support', 'world', 'November', 'Centers', 'Prevention', 'CDC', 'ACIP', 'recommendations', 'ANVISA', 'June', 'January', 'August', '2:1 ratio', 'assessment', 'Identifier', 'humans', 'mortality', 'morbidity', 'vaccines', 'fever', 'headache', '2024']",2024-05-13,2024-05-14,marketscreener.com
40863,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/SOLUTIONS-30-SE-47041212/news/2024-Q1-Revenue-Report-46708226/,2024 Q1 Revenue Report,(marketscreener.com) Revenue up +3.8% in Q1 2024 to €265.0 million Continued strong growth in the Benelux Energy transition-related activities confirmed as a powerful growth driverContinued rebalancing of the business mix in FranceTemporary impact from the si…,Revenue up +3.8% in Q1 2024 to €265.0 millionContinued strong growth in the BeneluxEnergy transition-related activities confirmed as a powerful growth driverContinued rebalancing of the business mix in FranceTemporary impact from the situation in Italy  currently being normalized. Q1 growth excluding Italy: +6.7%Reaffirming 2024 targets:- Continued revenue growth  at a higher rate compared to Q1  with significantly improved visibility in Italy and in Belgium  and the announced acceleration of growth in Germany- Continued improvement in adjusted EBITDA marginIn millions of euros Q1 2024 Q1 2023 Var. % Revenue 265 0 255 3 +3.8% o/w Benelux 100 7 82 8 +21.6% o/w France 97 9 101 6 -3.7% o/w Other Countries 66 5 70 8 -6.2%Gianbeppi Fortis  Chief Executive Officer of Solutions30  stated: “In the first quarter of 2024  Solutions30 continued to benefit from strong growth in the Benelux  with the continued ramp-up of fiber-related activities  good momentum in Poland  and solid growth in Germany. Our energy transition activities are booming and have shown themselves to be powerful growth drivers  notably in France. We are also maintaining a high level of selectivity in some of our more mature markets  such as the fiber markets in France and Spain  systematically prioritizing profitability over volume. Excluding Italy  where the situation with our main customer should return to normal over the course of the year  allowing us to resume normal activity  our first-quarter growth was +6.7%. With much-improved visibility in Italy and in Belgium  where we now believe we are in a position to minimize the impact of the upcoming elections  and the acceleration of our growth in Germany  we expect full-year revenue growth to exceed that of the first quarter. We also expect margins to continue improving towards their normative double-digit level.Across Europe  Solutions30 is rolling out the same model that has driven its success for 20 years. It is well positioned to capture the many profitable growth opportunities of the digital transformation and the energy transition  on which we will present in details at our capital markets day in September.”Solutions30 generated €265.0 million in consolidated revenue in Q1 2024  up 3.8% compared to the same period in 2023 (3.4% organic growth).BeneluxIn the Benelux  now the group’s leading region in terms of revenue and margins  revenue for the quarter amounted to €100.7 million  with 21.6% of purely organic growth  despite a very high basis for comparison (+77.2% in Q1 2023).The Connectivity business generated revenue of €78.7 million  or 78% of the region’s total  up +24.0%. After an extremely active 2023  the ramp-up of fiber-optic deployments and connections continued at a high pace  despite the impact of unfavorable weather conditions for “outdoor” roll-out activities. On the basis of recent planning work carried out with municipalities and customers  the group now believes it can minimize the anticipated impact of local elections in Belgium on the pace of deployments.Revenue of the Energy business amounted to €16.7 million  a +14.6% increase that was driven by the continuing deployment of digital meters. The recent contract with Fluvius to modernize the low-voltage energy grid in Flanders  adapting it to the new usage patterns of the energy transition (see press release of April 23  2024)  has opened the door to further diversification in a buoyant sector.The Technology business maintained its strong momentum  with revenue of €5.3 million growing organically by +11.6% over the quarter  mainly driven by IT services.FranceIn France  2024 first-quarter revenue amounted to €97.9 million  down -3.7%  including an organic decline of -4.9% and the impact of the acquisition of Elec-ENR  consolidated from July 2023  for +1.2%.Solutions30 continues to rebalance its business mix in France in favor of Energy activities  where a current boom driven by the energy transition has confirmed the segment’s potential as a powerful growth driver. Energy activities generated revenue of €17.5 million in Q1  rising sharply by +47.6%. This performance was driven by activities related to renewable energies  which doubled in size compared with Q1 2023 (+84% organically)  notably with the start of major photovoltaic infrastructure projects. Commercial activity is strong in this sector thanks to the recent ENR law no. 2023-175 of March 10  2023  which mandates the installation of solar panels in outdoor parking lots exceeding 1 500 square meters to accelerate renewable energy production. Lastly  as the successful integration of Elec-ENR  acquired in July 2023  continues  the group has completed its acquisition of a minority stake in So-Tec  a photovoltaic structure installer in southern France. The Group plans to gradually increase its ownership and consolidate the anticipated €20 million in revenue expected from So-Tec by 2025. Looking ahead  the group plans to continue pursuing selective acquisitions opportunistically  reaffirming its strategy to consolidate the sector at the European level.With revenue of €64.7 million  Connectivity was down -10.3% compared to the first quarter of 2023. The fiber connection market slowed in the first quarter  while the maintenance call-out market remained stable. In this context  Solutions30 continues to manage an anticipated decline by maintaining strict contract selectivity  systematically prioritizing margins over volume. As maintenance accounts for an ever-increasing share of the market  Solutions30 is consolidating its position as a leading player in activities that require fast deployment to users’ homes  wherever they may be  and that ensure better revenue recurrence.The Technology business’ revenue amounted to €15.6 million  down -11 5% over the quarter  notably with a decrease in IT support services volumes. Technology should nonetheless benefit from the Paris 2024 Olympics  in both payment and IT support services.Other countriesIn other countries  the Group posted 2024 first-quarter revenue of €66.5 million  down -6.2% on a purely organic basis  but up +3.1% excluding Italy.In Germany  now the largest revenue contributor to this segment  revenue amounted to €18.2 million in the first quarter  up +12%  thanks to a high level of maintenance activity on the coaxial telecommunications network. From the second half of the year onward  the group will benefit from the ramp up of its fiber business -a high-potential market where it secured major contracts in 2023. This will provide the Group with a third pillar in Europe and sustain strong organic growth over the medium term.In Italy  revenue amounted to €13.0 million  down -32%. This decline is the direct consequence of the situation already reported in the second half of 2023  namely the voluntary slow down in the Group’s fiber deployment operations  following difficulties encountered with its main customer. To date  negotiations with this customer to normalize the situation are well underway  and the Group now anticipates a rapid resolution and a resumption of normal activity during the second half of the year  based on an improved business model. This is expected to lead to a resurgence of revenue growth in Italy before the year’s end. However  the group does not intend to change its cautious strategy in Italy due to the specific characteristics of this market.Solutions30 also continued its successful expansion in Poland  with revenue growing sharply by +25% to reach €14.6 million.In Spain  revenue amounted to €11.6 million  down -26%. In a mature fiber market  the group is applying a more selective approach  prioritizing profitability  and is focuses its development on the energy sector.Finally  revenue in the United Kingdom rose by +10% to €9.2 million  thanks to strong momentum in Connectivity activities.OutlookThe Group reaffirms its targets for 2024:– Continued revenue growth over the full year  at a higher rate compared to Q1  with significantly improved visibility in Italy and in Belgium  and the announced acceleration of growth in Germany– Continued improvement of the adjusted EBITDA marginCapital Markets DaySolutions 30 invites analysts and investors to its next Capital  Markets Day  to be held in Paris on September 26th. During this event  the management team will showcase the group’s markets  the abundant growth opportunities available  as well as its innovation and CSR initiatives. It will also outline its roadmap and detail its medium-term financial targets.The venue will be announced at a later date  and a webcast will be available.Evolution of the Investor Relations functionIsabel Oliveira and Thomas Guillois will now be jointly responsible for Investor Relations.Isabel Oliveira has 23 years of professional experience  including five years at Solutions30 as Communications Manager  a role she will continue to fulfill. Isabel is a member of the Executive Committee.Thomas Guillois brings his experience in Investor Relations  acquired over the last 10 years  particularly within the SPIE Group.Solutions30 thanks Nathalie Boumendil  previously Group Head of Communications & Investor Relations  who left the group to pursue new projects.Webcast for investors and analystsDate: Monday  May 13  202418:30 (CET) – 17:30 (GMT)SpeakersGianbeppi Fortis  Chief Executive OfficerJonathan Crauwels  Chief Financial OfficerAmaury Boilot  Group General SecretaryConnection detailsWebcast in English: https://channel.royalcast.com/landingpage/solutions30-en/20240513_1/Upcoming eventsTPICAP Conference in Paris May 22  2024Annual General Meeting June 17  2024Q2 2024 Revenue Report July 24  2024 (after market close)About Solutions30 SESolutions30 provides consumers and businesses with access to the key technological advancements that are shaping our everyday lives  especially those driving the digital transformation and energy transition. With its network of more than 16 000 technicians  Solutions30 has completed over 80 million call-outs since its inception and led over 500 renewable energy projects with a combined maximum output surpassing 1 000 MWp. Every day  Solutions30 is doing its part to build a more connected and sustainable world  Solutions30 has become an industry leader in Europe with operations in 10 countries: France  Italy  Germany  the Netherlands  Belgium  Luxembourg  Spain  Portugal  the United Kingdom  and Poland.The capital of Solutions30 SE consists of 107 127 984 shares  equal to the number of theoretical votes that can be exercised. Solutions30 S.E. is listed on Euronext Paris (ISIN FR0013379484- code S30)  where it trades on the following indices: MSCI Europe ex-UK Small Cap | SBF120 | CAC Mid 60 | NEXT 150 | CAC Technology | CAC PME.Visit our website for more information: www.solutions30.comContactIndividual Shareholders:actionnaires@solutions30.com - Tel : +33 (0)1 86 86 00 63Analysts/investors:investor.relations@solutions30.comPress - Image 7 :Charlotte Le Barbier - Tel : +33 (0)6 78 37 27 60 - clebarbier@image7.frAttachment,neutral,0.01,0.99,0.01,positive,0.67,0.31,0.02,True,English,"['2024 Q1 Revenue Report', 'major photovoltaic infrastructure projects', 'many profitable growth opportunities', 'photovoltaic structure installer', 'Chief Executive Officer', 'unfavorable weather conditions', 'new usage patterns', 'outdoor parking lots', 'recent planning work', 'recent ENR law', 'normative double-digit level', 'low-voltage energy grid', 'capital markets day', 'powerful growth driver', 'outdoor” roll-out activities', 'The Connectivity business', 'The Technology business', 'renewable energy production', 'Energy transition-related activities', 'energy transition activities', 'full-year revenue growth', 'Energy business', 'Energy activities', 'recent contract', 'high level', 'renewable energies', 'business mix', 'mature markets', 'fiber markets', 'strong growth', 'fiber-related activities', 'solid growth', 'first-quarter growth', 'organic growth', 'higher rate', 'Continued improvement', 'EBITDA margin', 'Other Countries', 'Gianbeppi Fortis', 'continued ramp-up', 'good momentum', 'main customer', 'normal activity', 'upcoming elections', 'same model', 'digital transformation', 'same period', 'local elections', 'continuing deployment', 'digital meters', 'press release', 'strong momentum', 'IT services', 'organic decline', 'current boom', 'Commercial activity', 'solar panels', '1,500 square meters', 'successful integration', 'minority stake', 'selective acquisitions', 'The Group', 'Q1 growth', 'first quarter', 'leading region', 'high basis', 'fiber-optic deployments', 'high pace', 'buoyant sector', 'consolidated revenue', '2024 first-quarter revenue', 'euros Q1', 'Temporary impact', 'southern France', 'Benelux', 'rebalancing', 'situation', 'Italy', '2024 targets', 'visibility', 'Belgium', 'acceleration', 'Germany', 'adjusted', 'millions', 'Solutions30', 'Poland', 'selectivity', 'Spain', 'profitability', 'volume', 'course', 'position', 'margins', 'Europe', '20 years', 'details', 'September', 'terms', 'comparison', 'active 2023', 'connections', 'municipalities', 'customers', '+14.6% increase', 'Fluvius', 'Flanders', 'April', 'diversification', 'Elec-ENR', 'July', 'segment', 'potential', 'performance', 'size', 'start', 'March', 'installation', 'So-Tec', 'ownership', 'strategy']",2024-05-13,2024-05-14,marketscreener.com
40864,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/EAGLE-FOOTBALL-GROUP-42519/news/Eagle-Football-Group-Revenue-for-the-nine-first-months-of-2023-24-financial-year-46708771/,Eagle Football Group :  Revenue for the nine first months of 2023/24 financial year,(marketscreener.com)  REVENUE FOR THE FIRST NINE MONTHSOF 2023/24 financial year24% INCREASE IN TOTAL REVENUE[1] AT €252.2 M STRONG EVENTS ACTIVITY AT €28.3 M AND TRADING AT €96.9 MBRAND-RELATED REVENUE : ONE-OFF INCOME OF €26.9 MFROM THE GRANTING OF A…,"REVENUE FOR THE FIRST NINE MONTHSOF 2023/24 financial year24% INCREASE IN TOTAL REVENUE[1] AT €252.2 M (+€49.5 M)STRONG EVENTS ACTIVITY AT €28.3 M AND TRADING AT €96.9 MBRAND-RELATED REVENUE : ONE-OFF INCOME OF €26.9 MFROM THE GRANTING OF A LONG TERM LICENSE TO OL FEMININLyon  May 13  2024.€M (1 July to 31 March) 31/03/24*9 months 31/03/239 months Var Var % Ticketing 25.5 24.8 0.7 3% of which championship and other matches 25.2 24.2 1.0 4% of which Europe 0.3 0.6 -0.3 -51% Media and marketing rights 30.8 48.2 -17.4 -36% of which LFP-FFF 30.0 47.0 -17.0 -36% of which UEFA media rights 0.8 1.3 -0.5 -36% Sponsoring-Advertising 25.6 27.6 -2.0 -7% Brand-related revenue 45.0 14.9 30.1 202% of which derivatives products 8.2 8.1 0.1 1% of which other brand-related revenue 36.9 6.8 30.1 443% Events 28.3 9.5 18.9 198% of which seminars and visits 5.3 5.4 -0.1 -1% of which major events 23.0 4.1 18.9 464% Revenue (excluding player trading) 155.3 125.1 30.2 24% Revenue from sale of player registrations 96.9 77.6 19.3 25% Total revenue 1 252.2 202.7 49.5 24%*Estimated  unaudited data1/ TOTAL REVENUES UP 24% to €252.2 MTICKETING: €25.5 M (+€0.7 M  +3%)Ticketing revenues were virtually stable at €25.5 M (€24.8 M in N-1)  mainly including revenues from Ligue 1 home matches.MEDIA AND MARKETING RIGHTS: €30.8 M (-€17.4 M  -36%)At March 31  2023  TV rights included an amount of €16.5 M relating to the 1st instalment of the LFP/CVC commercial aid[2] (no instalment at March 31  2024).Excluding the impact of this instalment registered at March 31  2023  TV rights decreased by just €0.9 M  mainly due to the impact of the unfavorable UEFA ranking on international rights  the provisional Ligue 1 ranking being identical at March 31  2024 and March 31  2023 (10th place).SPONSORING - ADVERTISING: €25.6 M (-€2.0 M  -7%)Revenues from Sponsoring-Advertising were adversely affected by the provisional ranking in Ligue 1 (10th)  as well as by the reduction or termination of contracts with certain partners experiencing financial difficulties.BRAND-RELATED REVENUE: €45.0 M (+€30.1 M  +202%)Other brand-related revenue includes a lump-sum royalty linked to the granting of an initial 50-year license for the « Olympique Lyonnais » brands to OL Féminin  in accordance with the agreement signed with Michele Kang on February 8[3]. This fee of €26.9 M is the subject of a capital increase of OL Féminin  by offsetting receivables to the benefit of OL SASU. Excluding the impact of this one-off income  other brand-related revenue rose by €3.2 M  including the first refreshment stands revenue at the LDLC Arena (open since November 23  2023)  as well as other miscellaneous income. Derivative products were virtually stable at €8.2 M.EVENTS: €28.3 M (+€18.9 M  +198%)The Major Events business reached a high level of €23.0 M  with the Red Hot Chili Peppers concert (July 11  2023)  5 Rugby World Cup matches (September and October 2023)  a Women's Nations League match between France and Germany (February 23  2024)  the France/England rugby match as part of the 6 Nations Tournament (March 16  2024) and a French football team match in preparation for Euro 2024 (March 23  2024) at Groupama Stadium  as well as the first Events revenues from the LDLC Arena inaugurated on November 23  2023 and the first services rendered on behalf of the Paris 2024 Olympic Games.Seminars and Tours came to €5.3 M (vs. €5.4 M in N-1).PLAYER TRADING: €96.9 M (+€19.3 M  +25%)Revenue from the sale of player registrations reached a very high level of €96.9 M  with the sale of Bradley BARCOLA to PSG (€40.5 M)  Castello LUKEBA to Leipzig (€30.0 M) and Romain FAIVRE to Bournemouth (€14.0 M)  Thiago MENDES to Al Rayyan (€4.0 M)  Abdoulaye NDIAYE to Troyes (€3.0 M)  Karl TOKO EKAMBI to Abha FC (€1.5 M)  Habib KEITA to Clermont (€1.1 M)  CAMILO to Akhmat Grozny (€0.2 M)  as well as various indemnities and incentives amounting to €2.7 M.At March 31  2023  revenue from the sale of players registrations amounted to €77.6 M  including the sale of three contracts for a cumulative amount of €66.4 M  as well as loan indemnities and incentives totalling €11.2 M.2/ recent events and outlookAfter lower sporting performance in the first half of the 2023/24 season  a new sporting dynamic under the pulse of the new coach and the arrival of new players during the winter mercato led to a clear improvement in sporting results  with the aim of moving closer to the top-ranked clubs in Ligue 1. The club's ambition for the future remains recurrent participation in the European Cup.In accordance with the decision of the General Shareholders' Meeting of December 11  2023  OL Groupe changed its corporate name to Eagle Football Group  in March 2024.On April 2  2024  exclusive and confidential discussions began between Eagle Football Group and Holnest (family office owned in particular by Jean-Michel Aulas) with a view to selling all the shares in OL Vallée Arena (the company that operates the LDLC Arena)  in line with the Group's strategy of refocusing on men's soccer. This exclusivity period runs until May 31  2024.After the first two instalments (€40 M in total) linked to the LFP/CVC transaction  during the 2022/23 financial year  the Group could register the 3rd and final instalment (€50 M) in the 4th quarter of 2023/24  subject to completion of the forthcoming transactions between LFP and CVC Capital Partners and allocation conditions defined by LFP.Groupama Stadium boasts a rich program for the coming months  including major concerts: Taylor Swift (June 2 & 3  2024)  Rammstein (June 15  2024)  Coldplay (June 22  23 & 25  2024) as well as sporting events: 11 football matches (men's and women's) as part of the Paris 2024 Olympic Games (July and August 2024)  the opening and closing ceremonies of WorldSkills Lyon 2024 (at Groupama Stadium and LDLC Arena in September 2024)  and the TOP 14 rugby semi-finals (June 2025).The project to list Eagle Football Group (formerly OL Groupe) shares or those of its majority shareholder (Eagle Football Holdings) in the United States on the New York Stock Exchange is still underway. Such a listing  if carried out  could be announced during the 2nd half of 2024. In this context  Eagle Football Holdings is continuing its strategic review on the legal reorganization of the Group's various entities  including the Botafogo  RWD Molenbeek  Crystal Palace and Eagle Football Group clubs.The sale of Seattle Reign FC (formerly OL Reign) is currently being finalized  and the closing could take place very shortly  following approval by the NWSL (National Women's Soccer League) and MLS (Major League Soccer) Boards of Directors (see press release of 18 March 2024).Tel: +33 4 81 07 55 00Fax: +33 4 81 07 45 65Email : finance@eaglefootballgroup.comwww.finance.eaglefootballgroup.comEuronext Paris - segment CIndices: CAC All-Share - CAC Consumer DiscretionaryISIN code: FR0010428771Reuters: EFG.PA (ex OLG.PA)Bloomberg: EFG FP (ex OLG FP)ICB : 40501030 Recreational services[1] IAP (Indicateur Alternatif de Performance) which includes income from non-trading activities as well as income from the sale of player contracts.[2] Reminder: the creation of the LFP's commercial subsidiary and the acquisition of a €1.5 billion (13%) stake in it by the CVC Capital Partners investment fund were closed at the end of July 2022. The L1 and L2 governing bodies and the LFP Board of Directors voted on the distribution of €1.13 billion to the clubs (spread over several financial years)  including a total of €90 M for Olympique Lyonnais SASU (€16.5 M in August 2022 and €23.5 M registered in June 2023). Subject to the completion of future transactions between the LFP and CVC Capital Partners  and the allocation conditions defined by the LFP  the balance of €50 M could be registered during the 2023/2024 financial year.[3] see press release of 8 february 2024This publication embed ""🔒 Actusnews SECURITY MASTER "".- SECURITY MASTER Key: yJucYcecZmqannJslpplapeXaGdik2iVapLHmJZtZMeZZ5+VnWdqbZbLZnFmnG5p- Check this key: https://www.security-master-key.com .Regulated information:Inside Information:- News release on accounts  results Full and original press release in PDF: https://www.actusnews.com/news/85793-240513-cp-ca-t3-2023-2024-uk.pdfReceive by email the next press releases of the company by registering on www.actusnews.com   it's free© 2024 ActusNews",neutral,0.02,0.98,0.0,negative,0.01,0.11,0.88,True,English,"['Eagle Football Group', 'nine first months', '2023/24 financial year', 'Revenue', 'Red Hot Chili Peppers concert', 'French football team match', '5 Rugby World Cup matches', 'OL Vallée Arena', 'first refreshment stands revenue', 'The Major Events business', 'France/England rugby match', 'LONG TERM LICENSE', 'LFP/CVC commercial aid', 'initial 50-year license', 'Olympique Lyonnais » brands', 'Paris 2024 Olympic Games', 'Karl TOKO EKAMBI', ""General Shareholders' Meeting"", 'Nations League match', 'Eagle Football Group', 'unfavorable UEFA ranking', 'OL Féminin', 'STRONG EVENTS ACTIVITY', '2/ recent events', 'other miscellaneous income', '2023/24 financial year', 'Var Var % Ticketing', 'Ligue 1 home matches', 'new sporting dynamic', 'FIRST NINE MONTHS', '1/ TOTAL REVENUES', 'other brand-related revenue', 'first Events revenues', 'provisional Ligue 1 ranking', 'UEFA media rights', 'other matches', 'provisional ranking', 'European Cup', 'first services', 'first half', 'financial difficulties', 'OL SASU.', 'LDLC Arena', '6 Nations Tournament', '2023/24 season', 'OL Groupe', 'ONE-OFF INCOME', 'sporting performance', 'new coach', 'new players', 'sporting results', 'marketing rights', 'TV rights', 'international rights', 'derivatives products', 'player registrations', 'unaudited data', 'Ticketing revenues', 'lump-sum royalty', 'Michele Kang', 'Derivative products', 'high level', 'Groupama Stadium', 'Bradley BARCOLA', 'Castello LUKEBA', 'Romain FAIVRE', 'Thiago MENDES', 'Al Rayyan', 'Abdoulaye NDIAYE', 'Abha FC', 'Habib KEITA', 'Akhmat Grozny', 'various indemnities', 'players registrations', 'loan indemnities', 'winter mercato', 'clear improvement', 'top-ranked clubs', 'recurrent participation', 'corporate name', 'confidential discussions', 'family office', 'Jean-Michel Aulas', 'player trading', 'capital increase', 'three contracts', 'cumulative amount', '1st instalment', 'Ligue 1.', '9 months', '24% INCREASE', 'GRANTING', 'FEMININ', 'May', 'July', '31 March', 'championship', 'LFP-FFF', 'Sponsoring-Advertising', 'seminars', 'visits', 'sale', 'N-1', 'impact', 'reduction', 'termination', 'partners', 'accordance', 'agreement', 'February', 'fee', 'subject', 'receivables', 'benefit', 'November', 'September', 'October', 'Women', 'Germany', 'preparation', 'behalf', 'Tours', 'PSG', 'Leipzig', 'Bournemouth', 'Troyes', 'Clermont', 'CAMILO', 'incentives', 'outlook', 'pulse', 'arrival', 'aim', 'ambition', 'future', 'decision', 'December', 'April', 'exclusive', 'Holnest', 'view', 'shares', 'company', 'line', 'strategy', 'soccer']",2024-05-13,2024-05-14,marketscreener.com
40865,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2024/05/13/2880074/0/en/Press-Release-Sanofi-adds-over-1-billion-for-biomanufacturing-to-2-5-billion-already-committed-in-major-projects-in-France-to-support-health-sovereignty.html,Press Release: Sanofi adds over €1 billion for biomanufacturing to €2.5 billion already committed in major projects in France to support health sovereignty,Sanofi adds over €1 billion for biomanufacturing to €2.5 billion already committed in major projects in France to support health sovereignty   ...,"Sanofi adds over €1 billion for biomanufacturing to €2.5 billion already committed in major projects in France to support health sovereigntyParis  May 13  2024. As the largest private contributor to the security and independence of France's health ecosystem  Sanofi today announces an investment of more than €1 billion to create new bioproduction capacity at its sites in Vitry-sur-Seine (Val de Marne)  Le Trait (Seine-Maritime) and Lyon Gerland (Rhône). This new investment will create more than 500 jobs and significantly strengthen France's ability to control the production of essential medicines from start to finish  for the present day and into the future. This plan brings to more than €3.5 billion the amount committed by Sanofi since the Covid-19 pandemic in major projects to keep production of medicines and vaccines in France for patients around the world.In Vitry-sur-Seine   Sanofi will invest €1 billion to build a new facility that will double the site's monoclonal antibody production capacity. Several biologics in development amongst Sanofi’s 12 potential blockbusters  in chronic obstructive pulmonary disorder (COPD)  asthma  multiple sclerosis or type 1 diabetes  could be produced in Vitry to meet the needs of millions of patients in France and around the world. Sanofi anticipates the creation of 350 jobs as a result of this investment.  Sanofi will invest to build a new facility that will double the site's monoclonal antibody production capacity. Several biologics in development amongst Sanofi’s 12 potential blockbusters  in chronic obstructive pulmonary disorder (COPD)  asthma  multiple sclerosis or type 1 diabetes  could be produced in Vitry to meet the needs of millions of patients in France and around the world. Sanofi anticipates the as a result of this investment. At the Le Trait site in Normandy  Sanofi will invest €100 million to develop new capacity for biologics formulation  filling  device assembly and packaging. It will support the launch of future biologics and vaccines  as well as the continued growth of Dupixent®  which already is indicated in several inflammatory diseases and could soon become the first biologic indicated in COPD. This investment will support 150 jobs .in Normandy  Sanofi will invest to develop new capacity for biologics formulation  filling  device assembly and packaging. It will support the launch of future biologics and vaccines  as well as the continued growth of Dupixent®  which already is indicated in several inflammatory diseases and could soon become the first biologic indicated in COPD. This investment will support . In Lyon Gerland  Sanofi is investing €10 million to locate the production of TZield® in France. Tzield® is a biologic for type 1 diabetes that Sanofi acquired in April 2023 and which has been manufactured outside Europe.Paul HudsonChief Executive Officer  Sanofi""Thanks to the transformation undertaken since 2020  Sanofi has a record number of medicines and vaccines in development that could become best-in-class and help meet major public health challenges. With these unprecedented industrial investments  we remain true to our history by once again choosing France to produce these future medicines and make them available to patients around the world. France is  and always will be  at the heart of Sanofi's strategy.""Sanofi carries out more than 60% of its global production in the European Union and sources only 5% of its active ingredients in Asia  compared to an average of 80% in the pharmaceutical industry. Thanks to this industrial footprint  Sanofi's contribution to France's trade balance amounted to more than €13 billion in 2023.These investments at Vitry  Le Trait and Lyon Gerland add up to major projects launched since the Covid-19 pandemic to build in France new drugs and vaccines production capacity in-line with Sanofi's world class pipeline of best and first-in-class assets and meet public health needs. These projects includes:In Neuville-sur-Saône  nearly €500 million to build the world's first evolutive facility for biological drugs and vaccines  including mRNA. It will be low-carbon and meet LEED certification standards when it launches in 2025.to build the world's first evolutive facility for biological drugs and vaccines  including mRNA. It will be low-carbon and meet LEED certification standards when it launches in 2025. In Val de Reuil  €250 million to build Europe's largest flu vaccine production unit and locate several production stages of Fluzone® High Dose / Efluelda®  its high-dose flu vaccine  in France.to build Europe's largest flu vaccine production unit and locate several production stages of Fluzone® High Dose / Efluelda®  its high-dose flu vaccine  in France. In Sisteron  €60 million to build a small-volume launch unit for the production of active ingredients.to build a small-volume launch unit for the production of active ingredients. In Lisieux  €20 million to increase Doliprane®'s production capacity by 140 million boxes per year.to increase Doliprane®'s production capacity by 140 million boxes per year. In Tours  €15 million to locate the production of a drug to fight high cholesterol in France. This investment will allow the construction of a new high-volume granulation unit and a tablet-coating line in a new building. The capacity of this new unit will be around 700 million boxes per year for some 20 countries  particularly in Europe and Asia.Audrey DerveloyPresident of Sanofi France""Throughout its history  Sanofi has always sought to equip France with the strategic platforms needed to produce the essential medicines and vaccines of today and tomorrow. This is why we chose our Vitry site to double its monoclonal antibody production capacity  after having already invested heavily in Neuville-sur-Saône to produce our future vaccines  including with mRNA technology. We have also strengthened our API production sites in the south of France. Our contribution to health sovereignty in Europe  and France in particular  has always been and remains unique.""These efforts are part of the new chapter of Sanofi's Play to Win strategy presented at the end of 2023  which focuses on cutting-edge science and its ambition to become the world leader in immunology  targeting diseases such as asthma  multiple sclerosis  type 1 diabetes and COPD. To support this ambition  Sanofi will invest an additional €700 million per year in R&D over the next two years. In 2023  Sanofi invested €6.7 billion in R&D.About SanofiWe are an innovative global healthcare company  driven by one purpose: we chase the miracles of science to improve people’s lives. Our team  across the world  is dedicated to transforming the practice of medicine by working to turn the impossible into the possible. We provide potentially life-changing treatment options and life-saving vaccine protection to millions of people globally  while putting sustainability and social responsibility at the center of our ambitions.Sanofi is listed on EURONEXT: SAN and NASDAQ: SNYMedia RelationsSandrine Guendoul | + 33 6 25 09 14 25 | sandrine.guendoul@sanofi.comNicolas Obrist | + 33 6 77 21 27 55 | nicolas.obrist@sanofi.comVictor Rouault | + 33 6 70 93 71 40 | victor.rouault@sanofi.comSanofi Forward-Looking StatementsThis press release contains forward-looking statements as defined in the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995  as amended. Forward-looking statements are statements that are not historical facts. These statements include projections and estimates and their underlying assumptions  statements regarding plans  objectives  intentions and expectations with respect to future financial results  events  operations  services  product development and potential  and statements regarding future performance. Forward-looking statements are generally identified by the words “expects”  “anticipates”  “believes”  “intends”  “estimates”  “plans” and similar expressions. Although Sanofi’s management believes that the expectations reflected in such forward-looking statements are reasonable  investors are cautioned that forward-looking information and statements are subject to various risks and uncertainties  many of which are difficult to predict and generally beyond the control of Sanofi  that could cause actual results and developments to differ materially from those expressed in  or implied or projected by  the forward-looking information and statements. These risks and uncertainties include among other things  the uncertainties inherent in research and development  future clinical data and analysis  including post marketing  decisions by regulatory authorities  such as the FDA or the EMA  regarding whether and when to approve any drug  device or biological application that may be filed for any such product candidates as well as their decisions regarding labelling and other matters that could affect the availability or commercial potential of such product candidates  the fact that product candidates if approved may not be commercially successful  the future approval and commercial success of therapeutic alternatives  Sanofi’s ability to benefit from external growth opportunities  to complete related transactions and/or obtain regulatory clearances  risks associated with intellectual property and any related pending or future litigation and the ultimate outcome of such litigation  trends in exchange rates and prevailing interest rates  volatile economic and market conditions  cost containment initiatives and subsequent changes thereto  and the impact that pandemics or other global crises may have on us  our customers  suppliers  vendors  and other business partners  and the financial condition of any one of them  as well as on our employees and on the global economy as a whole. The risks and uncertainties also include the uncertainties discussed or identified in the public filings with the SEC and the AMF made by Sanofi  including those listed under “Risk Factors” and “Cautionary Statement Regarding Forward-Looking Statements” in Sanofi’s annual report on Form 20-F for the year ended December 31  2023. Other than as required by applicable law  Sanofi does not undertake any obligation to update or revise any forward-looking information or statements.Attachment",neutral,0.13,0.85,0.01,mixed,0.6,0.25,0.15,True,English,"['Press Release', 'major projects', 'health sovereignty', 'Sanofi', 'biomanufacturing', 'France', 'Paul Hudson Chief Executive Officer', 'largest flu vaccine production unit', 'chronic obstructive pulmonary disorder', 'monoclonal antibody production capacity', 'major public health challenges', 'high-dose flu vaccine', 'largest private contributor', 'Val de Marne', 'LEED certification standards', 'Val de Reuil', 'Fluzone® High Dose', 'small-volume launch unit', 'several inflammatory diseases', 'several production stages', 'first evolutive facility', 'public health needs', 'new bioproduction capacity', 'unprecedented industrial investments', 'vaccines production capacity', 'Le Trait site', 'world class pipeline', 'new capacity', 'health sovereignty', 'health ecosystem', 'Several biologics', 'new facility', 'global production', 'industrial footprint', 'major projects', 'first biologic', 'new drugs', 'Lyon Gerland', 'Rhône', 'present day', 'Covid-19 pandemic', '12 potential blockbusters', 'multiple sclerosis', 'type 1 diabetes', 'biologics formulation', 'device assembly', 'continued growth', 'record number', 'European Union', 'active ingredients', 'pharmaceutical industry', 'trade balance', 'class assets', 'Saône', 'biological drugs', '140 million boxes', 'future biologics', 'essential medicines', 'new investment', 'future medicines', 'Sanofi', 'biomanufacturing', 'France', 'Paris', 'May', 'security', 'independence', 'sites', 'Vitry-sur', 'Seine', '500 jobs', 'ability', 'start', 'plan', 'amount', 'patients', 'development', 'COPD', 'asthma', 'millions', 'creation', '350 jobs', 'result', 'Normandy', 'filling', 'packaging', 'Dupixent®', '150 jobs', 'TZield®', 'April', 'transformation', 'history', 'heart', 'strategy', 'Asia', 'average', 'contribution', 'mRNA', 'Efluelda®', 'Sisteron', 'Lisieux', 'Doliprane', 'year']",2024-05-13,2024-05-14,globenewswire.com
40866,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/SANOFI-4698/news/Press-Release-Sanofi-adds-over-1-billion-for-biomanufacturing-to-2-5-billion-already-commi-46702159/,Press Release: Sanofi adds over 1 billion for biomanufacturing to 2.5 billion already committed in major projects in France to support health sovereignty,(marketscreener.com)   Sanofi adds over €1 billion for biomanufacturing to €2.5 billion already committed in major projects in France to support health sovereignty Paris  May 13  2024. As the largest private contributor to the security and independence of Fra…,"Sanofi adds over €1 billion for biomanufacturing to €2.5 billion already committed in major projects in France to support health sovereigntyParis  May 13  2024. As the largest private contributor to the security and independence of France's health ecosystem  Sanofi today announces an investment of more than €1 billion to create new bioproduction capacity at its sites in Vitry-sur-Seine (Val de Marne)  Le Trait (Seine-Maritime) and Lyon Gerland (Rhône). This new investment will create more than 500 jobs and significantly strengthen France's ability to control the production of essential medicines from start to finish  for the present day and into the future. This plan brings to more than €3.5 billion the amount committed by Sanofi since the Covid-19 pandemic in major projects to keep production of medicines and vaccines in France for patients around the world.In Vitry-sur-Seine   Sanofi will invest €1 billion to build a new facility that will double the site's monoclonal antibody production capacity. Several biologics in development amongst Sanofi’s 12 potential blockbusters  in chronic obstructive pulmonary disorder (COPD)  asthma  multiple sclerosis or type 1 diabetes  could be produced in Vitry to meet the needs of millions of patients in France and around the world. Sanofi anticipates the creation of 350 jobs as a result of this investment.  Sanofi will invest to build a new facility that will double the site's monoclonal antibody production capacity. Several biologics in development amongst Sanofi’s 12 potential blockbusters  in chronic obstructive pulmonary disorder (COPD)  asthma  multiple sclerosis or type 1 diabetes  could be produced in Vitry to meet the needs of millions of patients in France and around the world. Sanofi anticipates the as a result of this investment. At the Le Trait site in Normandy  Sanofi will invest €100 million to develop new capacity for biologics formulation  filling  device assembly and packaging. It will support the launch of future biologics and vaccines  as well as the continued growth of Dupixent®  which already is indicated in several inflammatory diseases and could soon become the first biologic indicated in COPD. This investment will support 150 jobs .in Normandy  Sanofi will invest to develop new capacity for biologics formulation  filling  device assembly and packaging. It will support the launch of future biologics and vaccines  as well as the continued growth of Dupixent®  which already is indicated in several inflammatory diseases and could soon become the first biologic indicated in COPD. This investment will support . In Lyon Gerland  Sanofi is investing €10 million to locate the production of TZield® in France. Tzield® is a biologic for type 1 diabetes that Sanofi acquired in April 2023 and which has been manufactured outside Europe.Paul HudsonChief Executive Officer  Sanofi""Thanks to the transformation undertaken since 2020  Sanofi has a record number of medicines and vaccines in development that could become best-in-class and help meet major public health challenges. With these unprecedented industrial investments  we remain true to our history by once again choosing France to produce these future medicines and make them available to patients around the world. France is  and always will be  at the heart of Sanofi's strategy.""Sanofi carries out more than 60% of its global production in the European Union and sources only 5% of its active ingredients in Asia  compared to an average of 80% in the pharmaceutical industry. Thanks to this industrial footprint  Sanofi's contribution to France's trade balance amounted to more than €13 billion in 2023.These investments at Vitry  Le Trait and Lyon Gerland add up to major projects launched since the Covid-19 pandemic to build in France new drugs and vaccines production capacity in-line with Sanofi's world class pipeline of best and first-in-class assets and meet public health needs. These projects includes:In Neuville-sur-Saône  nearly €500 million to build the world's first evolutive facility for biological drugs and vaccines  including mRNA. It will be low-carbon and meet LEED certification standards when it launches in 2025.to build the world's first evolutive facility for biological drugs and vaccines  including mRNA. It will be low-carbon and meet LEED certification standards when it launches in 2025. In Val de Reuil  €250 million to build Europe's largest flu vaccine production unit and locate several production stages of Fluzone® High Dose / Efluelda®  its high-dose flu vaccine  in France.to build Europe's largest flu vaccine production unit and locate several production stages of Fluzone® High Dose / Efluelda®  its high-dose flu vaccine  in France. In Sisteron  €60 million to build a small-volume launch unit for the production of active ingredients.to build a small-volume launch unit for the production of active ingredients. In Lisieux  €20 million to increase Doliprane®'s production capacity by 140 million boxes per year.to increase Doliprane®'s production capacity by 140 million boxes per year. In Tours  €15 million to locate the production of a drug to fight high cholesterol in France. This investment will allow the construction of a new high-volume granulation unit and a tablet-coating line in a new building. The capacity of this new unit will be around 700 million boxes per year for some 20 countries  particularly in Europe and Asia.Audrey DerveloyPresident of Sanofi France""Throughout its history  Sanofi has always sought to equip France with the strategic platforms needed to produce the essential medicines and vaccines of today and tomorrow. This is why we chose our Vitry site to double its monoclonal antibody production capacity  after having already invested heavily in Neuville-sur-Saône to produce our future vaccines  including with mRNA technology. We have also strengthened our API production sites in the south of France. Our contribution to health sovereignty in Europe  and France in particular  has always been and remains unique.""These efforts are part of the new chapter of Sanofi's Play to Win strategy presented at the end of 2023  which focuses on cutting-edge science and its ambition to become the world leader in immunology  targeting diseases such as asthma  multiple sclerosis  type 1 diabetes and COPD. To support this ambition  Sanofi will invest an additional €700 million per year in R&D over the next two years. In 2023  Sanofi invested €6.7 billion in R&D.About SanofiWe are an innovative global healthcare company  driven by one purpose: we chase the miracles of science to improve people’s lives. Our team  across the world  is dedicated to transforming the practice of medicine by working to turn the impossible into the possible. We provide potentially life-changing treatment options and life-saving vaccine protection to millions of people globally  while putting sustainability and social responsibility at the center of our ambitions.Sanofi is listed on EURONEXT: SAN and NASDAQ: SNYMedia RelationsSandrine Guendoul | + 33 6 25 09 14 25 | sandrine.guendoul@sanofi.comNicolas Obrist | + 33 6 77 21 27 55 | nicolas.obrist@sanofi.comVictor Rouault | + 33 6 70 93 71 40 | victor.rouault@sanofi.comSanofi Forward-Looking StatementsThis press release contains forward-looking statements as defined in the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995  as amended. Forward-looking statements are statements that are not historical facts. These statements include projections and estimates and their underlying assumptions  statements regarding plans  objectives  intentions and expectations with respect to future financial results  events  operations  services  product development and potential  and statements regarding future performance. Forward-looking statements are generally identified by the words “expects”  “anticipates”  “believes”  “intends”  “estimates”  “plans” and similar expressions. Although Sanofi’s management believes that the expectations reflected in such forward-looking statements are reasonable  investors are cautioned that forward-looking information and statements are subject to various risks and uncertainties  many of which are difficult to predict and generally beyond the control of Sanofi  that could cause actual results and developments to differ materially from those expressed in  or implied or projected by  the forward-looking information and statements. These risks and uncertainties include among other things  the uncertainties inherent in research and development  future clinical data and analysis  including post marketing  decisions by regulatory authorities  such as the FDA or the EMA  regarding whether and when to approve any drug  device or biological application that may be filed for any such product candidates as well as their decisions regarding labelling and other matters that could affect the availability or commercial potential of such product candidates  the fact that product candidates if approved may not be commercially successful  the future approval and commercial success of therapeutic alternatives  Sanofi’s ability to benefit from external growth opportunities  to complete related transactions and/or obtain regulatory clearances  risks associated with intellectual property and any related pending or future litigation and the ultimate outcome of such litigation  trends in exchange rates and prevailing interest rates  volatile economic and market conditions  cost containment initiatives and subsequent changes thereto  and the impact that pandemics or other global crises may have on us  our customers  suppliers  vendors  and other business partners  and the financial condition of any one of them  as well as on our employees and on the global economy as a whole. The risks and uncertainties also include the uncertainties discussed or identified in the public filings with the SEC and the AMF made by Sanofi  including those listed under “Risk Factors” and “Cautionary Statement Regarding Forward-Looking Statements” in Sanofi’s annual report on Form 20-F for the year ended December 31  2023. Other than as required by applicable law  Sanofi does not undertake any obligation to update or revise any forward-looking information or statements.Attachment",neutral,0.15,0.84,0.01,mixed,0.6,0.25,0.15,True,English,"['Press Release', 'major projects', 'health sovereignty', 'Sanofi', 'biomanufacturing', 'France', 'Paul Hudson Chief Executive Officer', 'largest flu vaccine production unit', 'chronic obstructive pulmonary disorder', 'monoclonal antibody production capacity', 'major public health challenges', 'high-dose flu vaccine', 'largest private contributor', 'Val de Marne', 'LEED certification standards', 'Val de Reuil', 'Fluzone® High Dose', 'small-volume launch unit', 'several inflammatory diseases', 'several production stages', 'first evolutive facility', 'public health needs', 'new bioproduction capacity', 'unprecedented industrial investments', 'vaccines production capacity', 'Le Trait site', 'world class pipeline', 'new capacity', 'health sovereignty', 'health ecosystem', 'Several biologics', 'new facility', 'global production', 'industrial footprint', 'major projects', 'first biologic', 'new drugs', 'Lyon Gerland', 'Rhône', 'present day', 'Covid-19 pandemic', '12 potential blockbusters', 'multiple sclerosis', 'type 1 diabetes', 'biologics formulation', 'device assembly', 'continued growth', 'record number', 'European Union', 'active ingredients', 'pharmaceutical industry', 'trade balance', 'class assets', 'Saône', 'biological drugs', '140 million boxes', 'future biologics', 'essential medicines', 'new investment', 'future medicines', 'Sanofi', 'biomanufacturing', 'France', 'Paris', 'May', 'security', 'independence', 'sites', 'Vitry-sur', 'Seine', '500 jobs', 'ability', 'start', 'plan', 'amount', 'patients', 'development', 'COPD', 'asthma', 'millions', 'creation', '350 jobs', 'result', 'Normandy', 'filling', 'packaging', 'Dupixent®', '150 jobs', 'TZield®', 'April', 'transformation', 'history', 'heart', 'strategy', 'Asia', 'average', 'contribution', 'mRNA', 'Efluelda®', 'Sisteron', 'Lisieux', 'Doliprane', 'year']",2024-05-13,2024-05-14,marketscreener.com
40867,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/INVENTIVA-34031212/news/Inventiva-Notice-of-meeting-to-the-Ordinary-and-Extraordinary-General-Meeting-dated-June-20-2024-46709900/,Inventiva : Notice of meeting to the Ordinary and Extraordinary General Meeting dated June 20  2024 - Form 6-K,(marketscreener.com)  Notice of meeting to the Ordinary and Extraordinary General Meeting dated June 20  2024   The shareholders of INVENTIVA are informed that the Ordinary and Extraordinary General Meeting will be held on June 20  2024 at 9 a.m.  at: Hôt…,"Notice of meeting to the Ordinary and Extraordinary General Meeting dated June 20  2024The shareholders of INVENTIVA (the ""Company"") are informed that the Ordinary and Extraordinary General Meeting will be held on June 20  2024 at 9 a.m.  at: Hôtel Castel Burgond - 3  route de Troyes - 21121 Daix  France.The Ordinary and Extraordinary General Meeting will have to deliberate on the following agenda:AgendaReading of the reports of the Board of Directors and the Statutory Auditors;Ordinary items1. Approval of the statutory financial statements for the financial year ended December 31  2023; 2. Approval of the consolidated financial statements for the financial year ended December 31  2023; 3. Appropriation of profit/loss for the financial year ended December 31  2023; 4. Approval of the expenses and charges referred to in Article 39(4) of the French General Tax Code; 5. Approval of the transfer of know-how and communication agreement signed on December 20  2023 between the Company and its Deputy Chief Executive Officer  Chief Scientific Officer and director of the Company  Mr. Pierre Broqua  in accordance with Articles L.225-38 et seq. of the French Commercial Code; 6. Final approval of the fixed and variable compensation paid or awarded to Mr. Frédéric Cren in his capacity as Chairman of the Board of Directors and Chief Executive Officer for the financial year ended December 31  2023; 7. Amendment to the compensation policy for Mr. Pierre Broqua in his capacity as Deputy Chief Executive Officer for the financial year ending December 31  2023; 8. Final approval of the fixed and variable compensation paid or awarded to Mr. Pierre Broqua in his capacity as Deputy Chief Executive Officer for the financial year ended December 31  2023; 9. Approval of the information on corporate officers' compensation included in the corporate governance report and referred to in Article L.22-10-9 I. of the French Commercial Code; 10. Approval of the compensation policy for Mr. Frédéric Cren in his capacity as Chairman of the Board of Directors and Chief Executive Officer; 11. Approval of the compensation policy for Mr. Pierre Broqua in his capacity as Deputy Chief Executive Officer; 12. Total compensation paid to members of the Board of Directors; 13. Approval of the compensation policy of the Company's directors; 14. Appointment of Mr. André Turenne  as Director of the Company; 15. Renewal of the Director's mandate of Ms. Martine Zimmermann; 16. Renewal of the Director's mandate of Mr. Heinz Maeusli; 17. Renewal of the Director's mandate of Ms. Lucy Lu; 18. Renewal of the company KPMG as Statutory Auditor; 19. Authorization granted to the Board of Directors to buyback the Company's shares;Translation for information purpose onlyExtraordinary items20. Authorization to the Board of Directors to reduce the share capital by cancellation of shares; 21. Delegation of authority to the Board of Directors to increase the share capital of the Company by issuance of ordinary shares or securities giving access to the share capital of the Company  immediately or in the future  with shareholders' preemptive subscription rights maintained; 22. Delegation of authority to the Board of Directors to increase the share capital of the Company by issuance of ordinary shares or securities giving access to the share capital of the Company  immediately or in the future  without shareholders' preemptive subscription rights  by way of public offerings  excluding offers referred to in Article L.411-2- 1° of the French Code monétaire et financier; 23. Delegation of authority to the Board of Directors to increase the share capital of the Company by issuance of ordinary shares or securities giving access to the share capital of the Company  immediately or in the future  without shareholders' preemptive subscription rights  by way of public offerings referred to in Article L.411-2 1° of the French Code monétaire et financier; 24. Authorization and/or delegation to the Board of Directors to set the issuance price on the capital increases by way of public offerings  without shareholders' preemptive rights  pursuant to the terms and conditions set by the General Shareholders' Meeting  and up to the limit provided for by the laws and regulations in force at the time of issue; 25. Delegation of authority to the Board of Directors to increase the share capital of the company by issuance of ordinary shares or securities giving access to the share capital of the Company  immediately or in the future  reserved for certain specific categories of beneficiaries  without shareholders' preemptive subscription rights; 26. Delegation of authority to the Board of Directors to increase the share capital of the company by issuance of ordinary shares  immediately or in the future  reserved for certain specific categories of beneficiaries meeting specific characteristics within the framework of an equity financing agreement on the U.S. market called ""At-the-market"" or ""ATM""  without shareholders' preemptive subscription rights; 27. Authorization to the Board of Directors to increase the number of securities to be issued as part of share capital increases with or without shareholders' preemptive subscription rights; 28. Delegation of authority to the Board of Directors to increase the share capital of the Company by issuance of ordinary shares and securities giving access to the share capital of the Company  immediately or in the future  as part of a public exchange offer initiated by the Company; 29. Delegation of authority to the Board of Directors to increase the share capital of the Company by issuance of ordinary shares or securities giving access to the share capital of the Company  immediately or in the future  in consideration for contributions in kind within the limits set by legal and regulatory provisions  excluding the case of a public exchange offer initiated by the Company; 30. Delegation of authority to the Board of Directors to increase the share capital of the Company by issuance of ordinary shares or securities giving access to the share capital of the Company immediately or in the future by the company reserved for members of a company savings plan to be set up by the Company under the conditions provided for in Article L.3332-18 et seq. of the French Code du travail  without shareholders' preferential subscription rights; 31. Delegation of authority to the Board of Directors to increase the share capital of the Company by incorporating reserves  profits or premiums; 32. Authorization to the Board of Directors to grant free shares to employees and/or certain corporate officers; 33. Authorization to the Board of Directors to grant share subscription and/or share purchase options to corporate officers and employees of the Company or companies of the group  entailing the waiver by shareholders of their preferential rights to subscribe for shares issued following the exercise of stock options; 34. Delegation of authority to the Board of Directors to decide on the issue of share subscription warrants  without shareholders' preemptive subscription rights  to the benefit of categories of persons; 35. Decision to be taken in application of article L. 225-248 of the French Commercial Code (shareholders' equity less than half the share capital); 36. Creation of a new article 23 ""Censeur"" (non-voting director);Translation for information purpose onlyOn an ordinary basis37. Power for formalities.Translation for information purpose onlyDRAFT TEXT OF RESOLUTIONSTO BE SUBMITTED TO THE VOTEOF THE ORDINARY AND EXTRAORDINARY GENERAL MEETINGOF JUNE 20  2024ORDINARY RESOLUTIONSFIRST RESOLUTION (Approval of the statutory financial statements for the financial year ended December 31  2023)The General Meeting  deliberating in accordance with the quorum and majority requirements for ordinary general meetings  having acquainted itself with the Board of Directors' management report and the Statutory Auditors' general report on the annual statutory financial statements Approves the financial statements for the financial year ended December 31  2023 as presented  including the balance sheet  income statement and appendix to the financial statements  as well as the transactions reflected in these financial statements and summarized in these reports  showing a net accounting loss of EUR 105 287 770.62.SECOND RESOLUTION (Approval of the consolidated financial statements for the financial year ended December 31  2023)The General Meeting  deliberating in accordance with the quorum and majority requirements for ordinary general meetings  having acquainted itself with the Board of Directors' management report and the Statutory Auditors' general report on the consolidated financial statements Approves the consolidated financial statements for the financial year ended December 31  2023 as presented  as well as the transactions reflected in these accounts or summarized in these reports.THIRD RESOLUTION (Appropriation of profit/loss for the financial year ended December 31  2023)The General Meeting  deliberating in accordance with the quorum and majority requirements for ordinary general meetings  having acquainted itself with the management report of the Board of Directors  as well as the general report of the Statutory Auditors Having recorded that the annual financial statements showed a net accounting loss of EUR 105 287 770.62 Resolves to wholly allocate this net accounting loss of EUR 105 287 770.62 to the ""Report à Nouveau"" account  bringing its debit amount to EUR 249 016 777.57.Notes that no dividend has been distributed since the Company's incorporation.FOURTH RESOLUTION (Approval of the expenses and charges referred to in Article 39(4) of the French General Tax Code)The General Meeting  deliberating in accordance with the quorum and majority requirements for ordinary general meetings  having acquainted itself with the management report of the Board of Directors  as well as the general report of the Statutory Auditors  acting in accordance with the provisions of Article 223 quater of the French General Tax Code Approves the non-deductible expenses and charges for tax purposes  referred to in Article 39  paragraph 4 of the said Code  which amount to EUR 10 217 for the financial year 2023  and acknowledges the absence of corporate income tax borne in respect of these expenses and charges in view of the loss for said financial year.Translation for information purpose onlyFIFTH RESOLUTION (Approval of the transfer of know-how and communication agreement signed on December 20  2023 between the Company and its Deputy Chief Executive Officer  Chief Scientific Officer and director of the Company  Mr. Pierre Broqua  in accordance with Articles L.225-38 et seq. of the French Commercial Code)The General Meeting  deliberating in accordance with the quorum and majority requirements for ordinary general meetings  having acquainted itself with the special report of the Statutory Auditors on related-party agreements referred to in Article L.225-38 seq. of the French Commercial Code  acknowledges the conclusions of this report and in particular the information relating to agreements entered into and authorized in prior years  the performance of which continued in the year ended December 31  2023  and approves the know-how transfer and communication agreement entered into on December 20  2023 between the Company and its Deputy Chief Executive Officer  Chief Scientific Officer and director  Mr. Pierre Broqua.SIXTH RESOLUTION (Final approval of the fixed and variable compensation paid or awarded to Mr. Frédéric Cren in his capacity as Chairman of the Board of Directors and Chief Executive Officer for the financial year ended December 31  2023)The General Meeting  deliberating in accordance with the quorum and majority requirements for ordinary general meetings  having acquainted itself with the report on corporate governance referred to in Article L.225-37 of the French Commercial Code Approves  pursuant to article L.22-10-34 II. of the French Commercial Code  the fixed  variable and exceptional elements composing the total compensation and benefits of any kind paid during the previous fiscal year or awarded in respect of the same financial year to Mr. Frédéric Cren in his capacity as Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer  contained therein  as presented in the Universal Registration Document including the 2023 Annual Financial Report  Part 3  Section 3.5.1.6.SEVENTH RESOLUTION (Amendment to the compensation policy for Mr. Pierre Broqua in his capacity as Deputy Chief Executive Officer for the financial year ending December 31  2023)The General Meeting  deliberating in accordance with the quorum and majority requirements for ordinary general meetings  having acquainted itself with the report on corporate governance referred to in Article L.225-37 of the French Commercial Code Approves  the change in the compensation policy for the Deputy Chief Executive Officer approved by the General Meeting of shareholders of May 25  2023  resulting from the conclusion of the transfer of know-how and communication agreement referred to in the fifth resolution  as described in the Universal Registration Document including the 2023 Annual Financial Report  part 3  section 3.5.1.3.EIGHTH RESOLUTION (Final approval of the fixed and variable compensation paid or awarded to Mr. Pierre Broqua in his capacity as Deputy Chief Executive Officer for the financial year ended December 31  2023)The General Meeting  deliberating in accordance with the quorum and majority requirements for ordinary general meetings  having acquainted itself with the report on corporate governance referred to in Article L.225-37 of the French Commercial Code Approves  pursuant to article L.22-10-34 II. of the French Commercial Code  the fixed  variable and exceptional elements composing the total compensation and benefits of any kind paid during the previous fiscal year or awarded in respect of the same financial year to Mr. Pierre Broqua in his capacity as Deputy Chief Executive Officer  contained therein  as presented in the Universal Registration Document including the 2023 Annual Financial Report  Part 3  Section 3.5.1.6.NINTH RESOLUTION (Approval of the information on corporate officers' compensation included in the corporate governance report and referred to in Article L.22-10-9 I. of the French Commercial Code)Translation for information purpose onlyThe General Meeting  deliberating in accordance with the quorum and majority requirements for ordinary general meetings  having acquainted itself with the report on corporate governance referred to in Article L.225-37 of the French Commercial Code Approves  pursuant to article L.22-10-34 I. of the French Commercial Code  the information mentioned in Article L22-10-9 I. of the French Commercial Code  contained therein  as presented in the Universal Registration Document including the 2023 Annual Financial Report  Part 3  Section 3.5.1.7.TENTH RESOLUTION (Approval of the compensation policy for Mr. Frédéric Cren in his capacity as Chairman of the Board of Directors and Chief Executive Officer)The General Meeting  deliberating in accordance with the quorum and majority requirements for ordinary general meetings  having acquainted itself with the report on corporate governance referred to in Article L.225-37 of the French Commercial Code describing the components of the compensation policy of corporate officers Approves  pursuant to article L.22-10-8 II. of the French Commercial Code  the compensation policy of the Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer  Mr. Frédéric Cren  including the policy applicable to all corporate officers and the provisions specific to him  contained therein  as presented in the Universal Registration Document including the 2023 Annual Financial Report  Part 3  Sections 3.5.1.1 and 3.5.1.2.ELEVENTH RESOLUTION Approval of the compensation policy for Mr. Pierre Broqua in his capacity as Deputy Chief Executive Officer)The General Meeting  deliberating in accordance with the quorum and majority requirements for ordinary general meetings  having acquainted itself with the report on corporate governance referred to in Article L.225-37 of the French Commercial Code describing the components of the compensation policy of corporate officers Approves  pursuant to article L.22-10-8 II. of the French Commercial Code  the compensation policy of the Deputy Chief Executive Officer  Mr. Pierre Broqua  including the policy applicable to all corporate officers and the provisions specific to him  contained therein  as presented in the Universal Registration Document including the 2023 Annual Financial Report  Part 3  Sections 3.5.1.1 and 3.5.1.2.TWELFTH RESOLUTION (Total compensation paid to members of the Board of Directors)The General Meeting  deliberating in accordance with the quorum and majority requirements for ordinary general meetings  having acquainted itself with the Board of Directors' report Approves  until otherwise decided  the allocation to members of the Board of Directors of a maximum aggregate amount of 500 000 euros  in respect of the compensation provided for in Article L. 225-45 of the French Commercial Code Gives  power to the Board of Directors to allocate all or part of this amount among its members in accordance with the terms and conditions it shall determine.THIRTEENTH RESOLUTION (Approval of the compensation policy of the Company's Directors)The General Meeting  deliberating in accordance with the quorum and majority requirements for ordinary general meetings  having acquainted itself with the report on corporate governance referred to in Article L.225-37 of the French Commercial Code describing the components of the compensation policy of corporate officers Approves  pursuant to article L.22-10-8 II. of the French Commercial Code  the compensation policy of the Directors  including the policy applicable to all corporate officers and the provisions specific to them  contained therein  as presented in the Universal Registration Document including the 2023 Annual Financial Report  Part 3  Sections 3.5.1.1 et 3.5.1.4.Translation for information purpose onlyFOURTEENTH RESOLUTION (Appointment of Mr. André Turenne  as Director of the Company)The General Meeting  deliberating in accordance with the quorum and majority requirements for ordinary general meetings  having acquainted itself with the Board of Directors' report Resolves to appoint  Mr. André Turenne as Director for a period of three years  expiring after the 2027 General Meeting convened to approve the financial statements for the fiscal year ended December 31  2026.FIFTEENTH RESOLUTION (Renewal of the Director term of Ms. Martine Zimmermann)The General Meeting  deliberating in accordance with the quorum and majority requirements for ordinary general meetings  having acquainted itself with the Board of Directors' report  noting that the Director's term of Ms. Martine Zimmermann  comes to an end after the present General Meeting Resolves to renew its term for a period of three years  expiring after the 2027 General Meeting convened to approve the financial statements for the fiscal year ended December 31  2026.SIXTEENTH RESOLUTION (Renewal of the Director term of Mr. Heinz Maeusli)The General Meeting  deliberating in accordance with the quorum and majority requirements for ordinary general meetings  having acquainted itself with the Board of Directors' report  noting that the Director's term of Mr. Heinz Maeusli  comes to an end after the present General Meeting Resolves to renew its term  it being specified that  in order to allow for the staggered renewal of directors' terms of office  the term of office has been reduced to two years and will expire after the General Meeting to be held in 2026 convened to approve the financial statements for the fiscal year ended December 31  2025.SEVENTEENTH RESOLUTION (Renewal of the Director term of Ms. Lucy Lu)The General Meeting  deliberating in accordance with the quorum and majority requirements for ordinary general meetings  having acquainted itself with the Board of Directors' report  noting that the Director's term of Ms. Lucy Lu  comes to an end after the present General Meeting Resolves to renew its term  it being specified that  in order to allow for the staggered renewal of directors' terms of office  the term of office has been reduced to two years and will expire after the General Meeting to be held in 2026 convened to approve the financial statements for the fiscal year ended December 31  2025.EIGHTEENTH RESOLUTION (Renewal of the company KPMG S.A. as Statutory Auditor)The General Meeting  renews the term of KPMG S.A as Statutory Auditor for a period of six years. Its term will expire after the General Meeting convened to approve the financial statements for the fiscal year ended December 31  2029.NINETEENTH RESOLUTION (Authorization granted to the Board of Directors to buyback the Company's shares)The General Meeting  deliberating in accordance with the quorum and majority requirements for ordinary general meetings  having acquainted itself with the Board of Directors' report 1. Authorizes the Board of Directors  with the power to sub-delegate under the conditions provided for by law and for a period of eighteen months from this day  in accordance with the provisions of Articles L.22-10-62 seq. of the French Commercial Code  Articles 241-1 to 241-5 of the General Regulations of the Autorité des marchés financiers (AMF)  and the European regulations applicable to market abuse and market practices permitted by the AMF  to purchase  on one or more occasions and at the times it shall determine  a number of ordinary shares of the Company not to exceed 10% of the total number of shares comprising the share capital at any time.This percentage applies to a number of shares adjusted  if necessary  to reflect transactions that may affect the share capital subsequent to this Meeting  and when shares are purchased to promote liquidity under the conditions defined by the General Regulations of the AMF  the number of shares taken into account for the calculation of the aforementioned 10% limit corresponds to the number of shares purchased  less the number of shares resold during the authorization period.Translation for information purpose onlyUnder no circumstances may the Company hold more than 10% of the shares comprising its share capital at any time as a result of acquisitions made by the Company.2. Resolves that the buyback of these ordinary shares can be carried out in order:- to implement and perform obligations related to stock option programs or other share allocations to employees and corporate officers of the Company and  in particular  to allocate shares to employees and corporate officers of the Company in connection with (i) profit-sharing  or (ii) any share purchase  stock option or free share allocation plan under the conditions provided for by law  in particular by Articles L.3331-1 seq. of the French Labor Code (including any sale of shares referred to in Article L.3332-24 of the French Labor Code)  and to carry out any hedging transactions relating to such transactions;- to purchase or sell shares under a liquidity agreement entered into with an investment services provider  in accordance with the conditions set by the market authorities;- to deliver ordinary shares upon the exercise of rights attached to securities carrying rights to shares of the Company by redemption  conversion  exchange  presentation of a warrant or any other means;- to reduce the Company's capital by cancelling all or some of the shares acquired; and- more generally  to carry out any transaction that may be authorized by law or any market practice that may be admitted by the market authorities  it being specified that  in such a case  the Company would inform its shareholders by means of a press release.3. Resolves that the maximum unit purchase price may not exceed  excluding charges  forty euros (EUR 40) (or the equivalent value of this amount on the same date in any other currency). The Board of Directors may  however  in the event of transactions affecting the Company's share capital  in particular a change in the par value of the ordinary share  a capital increase by incorporation of reserves followed by the creation and allocation of free shares  a stock split or reverse stock split  distribution of reserves or any other assets  amortization of capital or any other transaction affecting shareholders' equity  adjust the aforementioned maximum purchase price to take into account the impact of such transactions on the value of the share.4. Resolves that the purchase  sale or transfer of these shares may be carried out and paid for by any means authorized by current or future regulations  on a regulated market  on a multilateral trading facility  with a systematic internalizer or on an electronic communications network  in particular through the purchase or sale of blocks of shares  through the use of options or other forward financial instruments or forward contracts  or through the use of warrants or  more generally  of securities carrying rights to shares of the Company  at the times the Board of Directors shall determine.5. Resolves that the Board of Directors shall have full powers  with the option to sub-delegate such powers  to carry out  in compliance with the relevant legal and regulatory provisions  the permitted reallocation of shares purchased for one of the objectives of the program to one or more of its other objectives  or to sell them  whether on or off-market.6. Resolves that the Board of Directors shall have full powers  with the option to sub-delegate such powers  to decide and implement this authorization and to determine the terms and conditions thereof in accordance with the law and this resolution  and in particular to place any and all stock market orders  enter into any and all agreements  in particular for the keeping of registers of purchases and sales of shares  make any and all declarations to the AMF or any other authority  draw up any and all documents  in particular information documents  complete any and all formalities  and generally do whatever is necessary.7. Acknowledges that the Board of Directors shall inform the Ordinary General Meeting of the transactions carried out under this authorization  as required by law.8. Resolves that this authorization  as from its use by the Board of Directors  cancels and replaces  for the remaining period and unused amounts  the authorization granted to the Board of Directors by the General Meeting of May 25  2023  in its 12th resolution.Translation for information purpose onlyEXTRAORDINARY RESOLUTIONSTWENTIETH RESOLUTION (Authorization to the Board of Directors to reduce the share capital by cancellation of shares)The General Shareholders' Meeting  voting under the rules of quorum and majority required for Extraordinary General Shareholders' Meetings  having reviewed the Board of Directors' Report and the Statutory Auditors' Special report and acting pursuant to the provisions of Article L.22-10-62 of the French Commercial Code 1. Authorize the Board of Directors to cancel  in the proportions and at the times it deems fit  in one or more times  all or part of the ordinary shares acquired by the Company and/or which it may acquire in the future under any authorization given by the Ordinary General Shareholders' Meeting pursuant to Article L. 22-10-62 of the French Commercial Code  up to a limit of 10% of the Company's share capital per 24-month period  it being recalled that this 10% limit applies to a number of shares adjusted  if necessary  according to the transactions that may affect the share capital after this Meeting.2. Decides that the excess of the purchase price of the ordinary shares over their nominal value will be charged to the ""share premium"" account or to any available reserve account  including the legal reserve  up to a limit of 10% of the capital reduction carried out.3. Authorize the Board of Directors to reduce the share capital accordingly.4. Decides that the Board of Directors will have full authority  with the right to subdelegate under the conditions provided by French law  to implement this resolution and in particular :- determine the final amount of such capital reduction  set the terms and conditions thereof and record the completion thereof;- charge the difference between the carrying amount of the cancelled ordinary shares and their nominal amount to all available reserves and premiums  including the legal reserve  up to a maximum of 10% of the cancelled capital;- amend the bylaws accordingly; and- carry out all formalities (in particular with the Autorité des marchés financiers)  take all steps and make all declarations to all institutions and  in general  do all that is necessary.5. Decides that the aforementioned delegation is granted for a period of 18 months as from the date of this General Shareholders' Meeting and terminates  with immediate effect  any previous delegation granted for the same purpose. It therefore supersedes the delegation granted by the Combined General Shareholders' Meeting dated May 25  2023 in its 13th resolution.TWENTY-FIRST RESOLUTION (Delegation of authority to the Board of Directors to increase the share capital of the Company by issuance of ordinary shares or securities giving access to the share capital of the Company  immediately or in the future  with shareholders' preemptive subscription rights maintained)The General Shareholders' Meeting  voting under the rules of quorum and majority required for Extraordinary General Shareholders' Meetings  having reviewed the Board of Directors' Report and the Statutory Auditors' Special report and duly noting that the share capital has been fully paid up  and acting pursuant to the provisions of Articles L. 225-129 et seq. of the French Commercial Code  and in particular Articles L. 225-129-2  L. 225-132 to L. 225-134 and L. 228-91 et seq. of the French Commercial Code 1. Delegates to the Board of Directors  with the right to subdelegate under the conditions provided by French law  the authority to proceed with  one or more issuances  in France and/or abroad  in euros or in any other currency or currency units established by reference to several currencies  with maintenance of the shareholders' preemptive subscription rights  of ordinary shares of the Company and/or any securities giving access  immediately or in the future  to ordinary shares to be issued by the Company  including through the free allocation of share subscription warrants  which may be subscribed for either in cash or by offsetting against claims  in the amount and at the times it deems appropriate.2. Decides that the shareholders shall have  proportionally to the amount of their shares  preferential subscription rights over the ordinary shares and securities giving access to the share capital of the Company to be issued and that the Board of Directors may grant shareholders excess subscription rights for ordinary shares or securities issued  to be exercised in proportion to their subscription rights and within the limit of their requests.Translation for information purpose onlyIf the subscriptions on an irreducible basis and  as the case may be  on a reducible basis  do not absorb the entire issuance of shares or securities giving access to the share capital of the Company pursuant to this resolution  the Board of Directors may use the options provided by Article L. 225-134 of the French Commercial Code  in the order of its choice  or only some of them  and in particular the limitations of the issuance to the amount of subscriptions received  provided that such amount reaches at least three-quarters of the issuance decided upon  or decides to offer to the public all or part of the securities not subscribed.3. Decides that the maximum nominal amount of the share capital increases that may be performed  immediately or in the future  pursuant to this resolution shall not exceed seven hundred thousand euros (EUR 700 000)  it being specified that the maximum nominal amount of the share capital increases that may be performed  immediately or in the future  pursuant to this resolution  resolutions 22 to 30 of this General Shareholders' Meeting  as well as capital increases that may be performed pursuant to resolutions 32 to 34 of this Meeting  will count towards this overall cap. Added to this cap will be  as the case may be  the aggregate par value of any additional shares to be issued in order to preserve  in accordance with applicable laws and regulations  and  as the case may be  other contractual provisions that provide for other cases of adjustment  the rights of holders of securities giving access to the share capital of the Company.4. Decides that securities giving access  immediately or in the future  to ordinary shares to be issued by the Company may notably consist of debt securities or be associated with the issuance of such securities  or allow their issuance as intermediate securities  and that the debt securities issued pursuant to this resolution may take the form of subordinated or non-subordinated securities  for a fixed or indefinite term  and be issued in euros  or in any other currency or currency units established by reference to several currencies.The maximum nominal amount of such debt securities that may be issued pursuant to this resolution shall not exceed one hundred and fifty million euros (EUR 150 000 000) or the counter-value of this amount in another currency or in any currency units established by reference to several currencies. This amount is a global cap which applies to all of the debt securities whose issuance is provided for pursuant to this resolution and resolutions 22 to 29 of this General Shareholders' Meeting. This cap is independent from the debt securities whose issuance would be decided or authorized by the Board of Directors pursuant to Article L. 228-40 of the French Commercial Code.5. Acknowledges that  in accordance with the provisions of article L. 225-132 paragraph 6 of the French Commercial Code  this resolution includes the waiver of the shareholders' preemptive subscription rights over the ordinary shares of the Company to which any securities issued pursuant to this resolution may entitle them.6. Decides that the Board of Directors will have full authority  with the right to subdelegate under the conditions provided by French law  to implement this resolution  and in particular to:- determine the characteristics  amount and terms and conditions of any issuance and of the securities issued  in particular  the category of the securities issued and set their subscription price  with or without premium  the terms and conditions for their payment in full (which may be achieved through cash settlement and/or offsetting liquid and due receivables or partly in cash and partly by incorporating reserves  earnings or premiums)  the date of their entitlement to dividends  which may be retroactive  the terms and conditions under which the securities issued on pursuant to this resolution could give access to ordinary shares to be issued  the conditions under which such securities could also give access to existing shares or debt securities of the Company  the conditions of their redemption or possible cancellation as well as the possibility of suspending the exercise of the allotment rights attached to the securities to be issued; these issuances may be performed by subscription offer as well as by free allotment to the owners of existing shares  including share warrants  and that  in the event of a free allotment  the Board of Directors shall have the right to decide that allotment rights  forming fractions shall not be transferable and that the corresponding securities shall be sold;- determine when the securities issued will consist of or be associated with debt securities  their fixed or indefinite term  their subordinated or non-subordinated form  and their interest rate;- take all necessary measures to preserve the rights of the holders of securities or other rights giving access to the share capital of the Company  in accordance with applicable laws and regulations  and  as the case may be  other contractual provisions that provide for other cases of adjustment;Translation for information purpose only- charge  as the case may be  the fees and expenses related to the share capital increases against the related premiums  and  if it deems it appropriate  deduct from this amount the sums necessary to increase the legal reserve to one-tenth of the new total share capital resulting from each issuance;- enter into any agreement  in particular to ensure the completion and proper execution  in the amount and on the dates it deems appropriate  in France and/or abroad  of the contemplated issuances  as well as defer them  where appropriate;- have shares  securities to be issued or securities issued through the exercise of securities giving access to shares to be issued  admitted to trading on a regulated market or any other financial market located outside the European Economic Area; and- record the completion of the capital increases performed in accordance with this resolution  amend accordingly the by-laws  performed any and all formalities and statements  and call for any authorizations that may be necessary to performed and complete these issuances successfully.7. Decides that the aforementioned delegation is granted for a period of 26 months as from the date of this General Shareholders' Meeting and terminates  with immediate effect  any previous delegation granted for the same purpose. It therefore supersedes the delegation granted by the Combined General Shareholders' Meeting dated January 25  2023 in its 2nd resolution.The Board of Directors will inform the General Shareholders' Meeting each year of the transactions performed in accordance with this resolution.TWENTY-SECOND RESOLUTION (Delegation of authority to the Board of Directors to increase the share capital of the Company by issuance of ordinary shares or securities giving access to the share capital of the Company  immediately or in the future  without shareholders' preemptive subscription rights  by way of public offerings  excluding offers referred to in Article L.411-21° of the French Code monétaire et financier)The General Shareholders' Meeting  voting under the rules of quorum and majority required for Extraordinary General Shareholders' Meetings  having reviewed the Board of Directors' report and the Statutory Auditors' special report and duly noting that the share capital has been fully paid up  and acting pursuant to the provisions of Articles L. 225-129 et seq. of the French Commercial Code  and in particular Article L. 225-129-2  L. 225-135 and L. 22-10-52  and Articles L. 228-91 et seq. of the French Commercial Code 1. Delegates to the Board of Directors  with the right to subdelegate under the conditions provided by French law  the authority to proceed with  one or more issuances  by way of public offerings  excluding offers referred to in article L. 411-2 1° of the French Commercial Code  in France and/or abroad  in euros or in any other currency or currency units established by reference to several currencies  without shareholders' preemptive subscription rights  of ordinary shares of the Company and/or securities giving access  immediately or in the future  to ordinary shares to be issued by the Company  in the amount and at the times it deems appropriate.Public offerings  performed pursuant to this resolution  may be combined  within one or several simultaneous issuances  with offerings pursuant to the provisions of Article L. 411-2 1° of the French Code monétaire et financier.2. Decides that the maximum nominal amount of the share capital increases that may be performed  pursuant to this resolution shall not exceed seven hundred thousand euros (EUR 700 000)  it being specified that this cap will count towards the overall cap of seven hundred thousand euros (EUR 700 000) stipulated in paragraph 3 of the 21st resolution. Added to those caps will be  as the case may be  the aggregate par value of any additional shares to be issued in order to preserve  in accordance with applicable laws and regulations  and  as the case may be  other contractual provisions that provide for other cases of adjustment  the rights of holders of securities giving access to the share capital of the Company.3. Decides that securities giving access to ordinary shares to be issued by the Company may notably consist of debt securities or be associated with the issuance of such securities  or allow their issuance as intermediate securities  and that the debt securities issued pursuant to this resolution may take the form of subordinated or non-subordinated securities  for a fixed or indefinite term  and be issued in euros  or in any other currency or currency units established by reference to several currencies.The maximum nominal amount of such debt securities that may be issued pursuant to this resolution shall not exceed one hundred and fifty million euros (EUR 150 000 000) or the counter-value of this amount in another currency or in any currency units established by reference to several currencies  it being specified that the maximum par value of debt securities that may be issued pursuant to this resolution cannot exceed the overall cap stipulated in paragraph 4 of the 21st resolution. This cap is independent from the amount of debt securities whose issuance would be decided or authorized by the Board of Directors pursuant to Article L. 228-40 of the French Commercial Code.Translation for information purpose only4. Decides to waive the shareholders' preemptive subscription rights over ordinary shares and securities giving access to the capital of the Company that can be issued pursuant to this resolution.5. Acknowledges that this resolution includes the waiver of the shareholders' preemptive subscription rights over ordinary shares of the Company to which any securities issued pursuant to this resolution may entitle them.6. Decides that the Board of Directors may grants shareholders a priority right to subscribe to as irreducible and/or reducible amounts  during a period and on the terms set by it  for all or part of an issuance performed pursuant to this resolution. This priority right will be allocated in proportion to shareholders' existing interests in the share capital of the Company in accordance with applicable laws and regulations.7. Decides that if subscriptions by shareholders do not absorb the entire issuance of ordinary shares or securities giving access to the share capital of the Company  the Board of Directors may use the options provided by Article L. 225-134 of the French Commercial Code in the order of its choice  or only some of them  and in particular the limitation of the issuance to the amount of subscriptions received  provided that such amount reaches at least three-quarters of the issuance decided upon.8. Delegates full powers to the Board of Directors to set the issue price of any securities to be issued under this authorization as follows: (i) the issue price of the ordinary shares to be issued will be at least equal to the minimum provided for by the laws and regulations in force at the time this authorization is used (i.e.  as of the date hereof  the weighted average of the prices quoted for the last three trading sessions on the regulated market of Euronext in Paris prior to the start of the public offering  less a maximum discount of 10% in accordance with the provisions of Articles L. 225-136 1º  L. 22-10-52 and R. 22-10-32 of the French Commercial Code) and in the absence of such amount  within the limits authorized by the 24th resolution of the General Meeting or any resolution that may replace it  and (ii) the issuance price of the securities to be issued pursuant to this resolution will at least be equal to the amount received immediately by the Company  plus any amount likely to be received later by the Company  where applicable  i.e. for each ordinary share issued as a result of these securities being issued  at least equal to the amount mentioned in (i) above.9. Decides that the Board of Directors will have full authority  with the right to subdelegate under the conditions provided by French law  to implement this resolution  and in particular to:- determine the characteristics  amount and terms and conditions of any issuance and of the securities issued  in particular  the category of the securities issued  and set  in the light of the information contained in its report  their subscription price  with or without premium  the terms and conditions for their payment in full (which may be achieved through cash settlement and/or offsetting liquid and due receivables or partly in cash and partly by incorporating reserves  earnings or premiums)  the date of their entitlement to dividends  which may be retroactive  the terms and conditions under which the securities issued pursuant to this resolution could give access to ordinary shares to be issued  the conditions under which such securities could also give entitlement to existing shares or debt securities of the Company  the conditions of their redemption or possible cancellation as well as the possibility of suspending the exercise of the allotment rights attached to the securities to be issued;- determine when the securities issued will consist of or be associated with debt securities  their fixed or indefinite term  their subordinated or non-subordinated form  and their interest rate;- take all necessary measures to preserve the rights of the holders of securities or other rights giving access to the share capital of the Company  in accordance with applicable laws and regulations and  where applicable  other contractual provisions that provide for other cases of adjustment;- charge  as the case may be  the fees and expenses related to the share capital increases against the related premiums  and  if it deems it appropriate  deduct from this amount the sums necessary to increase the legal reserve to one-tenth of the new total share capital resulting from each issuance;- enter into any agreement  in particular to ensure the completion and proper execution  in the amount and on the dates it deems appropriate  in France and/or abroad  of the contemplated issuances  as well as defer them  where appropriate;Translation for information purpose only- have shares  securities to be issued or securities issued through the exercise of securities giving access to shares to be issued  admitted to trading on a regulated market or any other financial market located outside of the European Economic Area; and- record the completion of the capital increases performed in accordance with this resolution  amend accordingly the by-laws and perform any and all formalities and statements  and call for any authorizations that may be necessary to perform and complete these issuances successfully.10. Decides that the aforementioned delegation is granted for a period of 26 months as from the date of this General Shareholders' Meeting and terminates  with immediate effect  any previous delegation granted for the same purpose. It therefore supersedes the delegation granted by the Combined General Shareholders' Meeting dated January 25  2023 in its 3rd resolution .The Board of Directors will inform the General Shareholders' Meeting each year of the final terms of the transactions performed in accordance with this resolution.TWENTY-THIRD RESOLUTION (Delegation of authority to the Board of Directors to increase the share capital of the Company by issuance of ordinary shares or securities giving access to the share capital of the Company  immediately or in the future  without shareholders' preemptive subscription rights  by way of public offerings referred to in Article L.411-2 1° of the French Code monétaire et financier)The General Shareholders' Meeting  voting under the rules of quorum and majority required for Extraordinary General Shareholders' Meetings  having reviewed the Board of Directors' report and the Statutory Auditors' special report and duly noting that the share capital has been fully paid up  and acting pursuant to the provisions of Articles L. 225-129 et seq. of the French Commercial Code  and in particular Article L. 225-129-2  L. 22-10-51 and L. 22-10-52  and Articles L. 228-91 et seq. of the French Commercial Code 1. Delegates to the Board of Directors  with the right to subdelegate under the conditions provided by French law  the authority to proceed with  one or more issuances  in France and/or abroad  in euros in any other currency or currency units established by reference to several currencies  by way of offerings within the provisions provided for in Article L. 411-2 1° of the French Code monétaire et financier under the conditions and within the limits provided for by law  through the issuance  without shareholders' preemptive subscription rights  of ordinary shares of the Company and/or securities giving access  immediately or in the future  to ordinary shares to be issued by the Company  in the amount and at the times it deems appropriate.2. Decides that the maximum nominal amount of the share capital increases that may be performed pursuant to this resolution shall not exceed six hundred and twenty-five thousand euros (EUR 625 000)  it being specified that this cap is common and will count towards the cap stipulated in paragraph 2 of the 22nd resolution and that the maximum nominal amount of the share capital increases that may be performed pursuant to this resolution will count towards the overall cap of seven hundred thousand euros (EUR 700 000) stipulated in paragraph 3 of the 21st resolution. Added to those caps will be  as the case may be  the aggregate par value of any additional shares to be issued in order to preserve  in accordance with applicable laws and regulations  and  as the case may be  other contractual provisions that provide for other cases of adjustment  the rights of holders of securities giving access to the share capital of the Company. It is hereby specified that  in any event  the nominal amount of the capital increases performed pursuant to this resolution may not exceed the limit set by the legal and regulatory provisions applicable at the time of issue (i.e.  for information purposes  as at the date of this General Meeting  20% of the share capital per year as assessed on the date of implementation of the authorization by the Board of Directors in accordance with the provisions of article L.225-136 and article L.22-10-52 of the French Commercial Code).3. Decides that securities giving access to ordinary shares to be issued by the Company may notably consist of debt securities or be associated with the issuance of such securities  or allow their issuance as intermediate securities  and that the debt securities issued pursuant to this resolution may take the form of subordinated or non-subordinated securities  for a fixed or indefinite term and be issued in euros  or in any other currency or currency units established by reference to several currencies.The maximum nominal amount of such debt securities that may be issued pursuant to this resolution shall not exceed one and fifty hundred million euros (EUR 150 000 000) or the counter-value of this amount in another currency or in any currency units established by reference to several currencies  this amount being deducted from the ceiling stipulated in the paragraph 4 of the 21st resolution.Translation for information purpose only4. Decides that this resolution includes the waiver of the shareholders' preemptive subscription rights over ordinary shares and securities giving access to the share capital of the Company issued pursuant to this resolution.5. Decides that if subscriptions by shareholders do not absorb the entire issuance of ordinary shares or securities giving access to the share capital of the Company  the Board of Directors may limit the issuance to the amount of subscriptions received provided that such amount reaches at least three-quarters of the issuance decided upon.6. Acknowledges that this resolution includes the waiver of the shareholders' preemptive subscription rights over ordinary shares of the Company to which any securities issued pursuant to of this resolution may entitle them.7. Delegates full powers to the Board of Directors to set the issue price of any securities to be issued under this authorization as follows: (i) the issue price of the ordinary shares to be issued will be at least equal to the minimum provided for by the laws and regulations in force at the time this authorization is used (i.e.  as of the date hereof  the weighted average of the prices quoted for the last three trading sessions on the regulated market of Euronext in Paris prior to the start of the public offering  less a maximum discount of 10% in accordance with the provisions of Articles L. 225-136 1º  L. 22-10-52 and R. 22-10-32 of the French Commercial Code) and in the absence of such amount  within the limits authorized by the 24th resolution of the General Meeting or any resolution that may replace it  and (ii) the issuance price of the securities to be issued pursuant to this resolution will at least be equal to the amount received immediately by the Company  plus any amount likely to be received later by the Company  where applicable  i.e. for each ordinary share issued as a result of these securities being issued  at least equal to the amount mentioned in (i) above.8. Decides that the Board of Directors will have full authority  with the right to subdelegate under the conditions provided by French law  to implement this resolution  and in particular to:- determine the characteristics  amount and terms and conditions of any issuance and of the securities issued  in particular  the category of the securities issued  and will set  in the light of the information contained in its report  their subscription price  with or without premium  the terms and conditions for their payment in full (which may be achieved through cash settlement and/or offsetting liquid and due receivables or partly in cash and partly by incorporating reserves  earnings or premiums)  the date of their entitlement to dividends  which may be retroactive  the terms and conditions under which the securities issued pursuant to this resolution could give access to ordinary shares to be issued  the conditions under which such securities could also give access to existing shares or debt securities of the Company  the conditions of their redemption or possible cancellation  as well as the possibility of suspending the exercise of the allotment rights attached to the securities to be issued;- determine when the securities issued will consist of or be associated with debt securities  their fixed or indefinite term  their subordinated or non-subordinated form  and their interest rate;- take all necessary measures to preserve the rights of the holders of securities or other rights giving access to the share capital of the Company  in accordance with applicable laws and regulations and  as the case may be  other contractual provisions that provide for other cases of adjustment;- charge  as the case may be  the fees and expenses related to the share capital increases against the related premiums  and  if it deems it appropriate  deduct from this amount the sums necessary to increase the legal reserve to one-tenth of the new total share capital resulting from each issuance;- enter into any agreement  in particular to ensure the completion and roper execution  in the amount and on the dates it deems appropriate  in France and/or abroad  of the contemplated issuances  as well as defer them  where appropriate;- have shares  securities to be issued or securities issued through the exercise of securities giving access to shares to be issued  admitted to trading on a regulated market or any financial market located outside of the European Economic Area; and- record the completion of the share capital increases performed in accordance with this resolution  amend accordingly the by-laws and  perform any and all formalities and statements  and call for any authorizations that may be necessary to perform and complete these issuances successfully.9. Decides that the aforementioned delegation is granted for a period of 26 months as from the date of this General Shareholders' Meeting and terminates  with immediate effect  any previous delegation granted for the same purpose. It therefore supersedes the delegation granted by the Combined General Shareholders' Meeting dated January 25  2023 in its 4th resolution.Translation for information purpose onlyThe Board of Directors will inform the General Assembly each year of the final terms of the transactions performed in accordance with this resolution.TWENTY-FOURTH RESOLUTION (Authorization and/or delegation to the Board of Directors to set the issuance price on the capital increases by way of public offerings  without shareholders' preemptive rights  pursuant to the terms and conditions set by the General Shareholders' Meeting  and up to the limit provided for by the laws and regulations in force at the time of issue)The General Shareholders' Meeting  voting under the rules of quorum and majority required for Extraordinary General Shareholders' Meetings  having reviewed the Board of Directors' report and the Statutory Auditors'  acting pursuant to the provisions of Article L. 225-136 1° and Article L. 22-10-52 of the French Commercial Code.1. Delegates to the Board of Directors  with the right to subdelegate under the conditions provided by French law  in the event of the issuance of ordinary shares of the Company and/or securities giving access to the share capital of the Company  immediately or in the future  without shareholders' preemptive rights  to derogate from the conditions relating to the determination of the price set forth in the 22nd and 23rd resolutions and to set the issuance price of the ordinary shares and/or securities giving access to the share capital of the Company to be issued within the limit provided for by the laws and regulations in force at the time this delegation is used (currently ten (10) % of the share capital over a twelve (12)-month period)  subject to the following terms and conditions:(i) the issuance price of the ordinary shares will at least be equal to either:- the volume-weighted average price of the share of the Company on the regulated market of Euronext Paris during the last trading session preceding the pricing date  or- the volume-weighted average price of the share of the Company on the regulated market of Euronext Paris chosen from a period comprising between three and seven consecutive trading days  chosen from the 30 trading days preceding the pricing date;which may be reduced by a maximum discount of 15% and the Board of Directors may freely use any of the two formulas set forth above; and(ii) the issuance price of the securities to be issued under this resolution  other than shares  will be such that the amount immediately received by the Company plus  where applicable  any amount that may subsequently be received by the Company  for each share issued as a result of the issue of such securities  is at least equal to the amount referred to in paragraph (i) above.2. Delegates to the Board of Directors  in the absence of a minimum amount provided for by the laws and regulations in force as referred to in the 22nd and 23rd resolutions  the power to set the issue price of the securities to be issued pursuant to these resolutions under the following conditions:(i) the issuance price of the ordinary shares will at least be equal to either:- the volume-weighted average price of the share of the Company on the regulated market of Euronext Paris during the last trading session preceding the pricing date  or- the volume-weighted average price of the share of the Company on the regulated market of Euronext Paris chosen from a period comprising between three and seven consecutive trading days  from the 30 trading days preceding the pricing date;which may be reduced by a maximum discount of 15% and the Board of Directors may freely use any of the two formulas set forth above; and(ii) the issuance price of the securities to be issued under this resolution  other than shares  will be such that the amount immediately received by the Company plus  where applicable  any amount that may subsequently be received by the Company  for each share issued as a result of the issue of such securities  is at least equal to the amount referred to in paragraph (i) above.Translation for information purpose only3. Acknowledges that the Board of Directors shall prepare an additional report  certified by the Statutory Auditors  describing the final terms of the transaction and providing information for assessing the effective impact on the shareholders' situation.4. Decides that the Board of Directors will have full authority to implement this resolution in the terms and conditions set forth in the resolutions under which the issuance is decided and that the aforementioned delegation is granted for a period of 26 months as from the date of this General Shareholders' Meeting and terminates  with immediate effect  any previous delegation granted for the same purpose. It therefore supersedes the delegation granted by the Combined General Shareholders' Meeting dated January 25  2023 in its 5th resolution.The Board of Directors will inform the General Assembly each year of the final terms of the operations performed in accordance with this resolution.TWENTY-FIFTH RESOLUTION (Delegation of authority to the Board of Directors to increase the share capital of the Company by issuance of ordinary shares or securities giving access to the share capital of the Company  immediately or in the future  reserved for certain specific categories of beneficiaries  without shareholders' preemptive subscription rights)The General Shareholders' Meeting  voting under the rules of quorum and majority required for Extraordinary General Shareholders' Meetings having reviewed the Board of Directors' report and the Statutory Auditors' special report and duly noting that the share capital has been fully paid up  and acting pursuant to Articles L. 225-129 et seq. of the French Commercial Code  and in particular Articles L. 225-129-2  L.22-10-49  L. 22-10-51  L. 225-138 and Articles L. 228-91 et seq. of the French Commercial Code 1. Delegates to the Board of Directors  with the right to subdelegate under the conditions provided by French law  the authority to proceed with  one or more issuances  in the amount and at the times it deems appropriate  in France and/or abroad  in euros or in any other currency or currency unit established by reference to several currencies  without shareholders' preemptive subscription rights  for the benefit of certain specific categories of beneficiaries  of ordinary shares of the Company and/or securities giving access  immediately and/or in the future  to ordinary shares to be issued by the Company.2. Decides that the maximum nominal amount of the share capital increases that may be performed  immediately or in the future  pursuant to this resolution shall not exceed seven hundred thousand euros (EUR 700 000)  it being specified that this cap will count towards the ceiling stipulated in paragraph 2 of the 22nd resolution  and towards the overall cap of seven hundred thousand euros (EUR 700 000) stipulated in paragraph 3 of the 21st resolution. Added to those caps will be  as the case may be  the aggregate par value of any additional shares to be issued in order to preserve  in accordance with applicable laws and regulations  and  as the case may be  other contractual provisions that provide for other cases of adjustment  the rights of holders of securities giving access to the share capital of the Company.3. Decides that securities giving access to ordinary shares to be issued by the Company may consist of debt securities or be associated with the issuance of such securities  or allow their issue as intermediated securities and that the debt securities issued pursuant to this resolution may take the form of subordinated or non-subordinated securities  for a fixed or indefinite term  and be issued in euros  or in any other currency or currency units established by reference to several currencies.The maximum nominal amount of debt securities that may be issued pursuant to this resolution shall not exceed one hundred and fifty million euros (EUR 150 000 000) or the counter-value of this amount in another currency or in any currency units established by reference to several currencies  it being specified that this cap cannot exceed the overall cap stipulated in paragraph 4 of the 21st resolution.4. Decides to waive the shareholders' preemptive subscription right to ordinary shares and securities that can be issued pursuant to this resolution  and to reserve the ordinary shares and securities to be issued pursuant to this resolution for certain specific categories of beneficiaries presenting any of the following characteristics:i. natural or legal persons (including companies) trusts or investment funds  or other investment vehicles  in any form  established under French or foreign law  which regularly invest in the pharmaceutical  biotechnological or medical technology sectors; and/orii. companies  institutions or entities  in any form  French or foreign  exercising a significant part of its activities in the pharmaceutical  cosmetic or chemical sectors  or medical devices and/or technologies  or researching in such sectors; and/orTranslation for information purpose onlyiii. French or foreign investment services companies  or any foreign establishment having an equivalent status  able to guarantee the completion of an issue intended to be placed with the persons referred to in (i) and/or (ii) above  and  in this context  to subscribe to the securities that are being issued.5. Decides that the Board of Directors  with the right to subdelegate under the conditions provided by French law  will have full authority to implement this resolution  and in particular to determine the list of beneficiaries in accordance with the aforementioned categories of beneficiaries who will benefit from such capital increases and/or issuances of securities  as well as the number of securities to be allocated to each beneficiary.6. Decides that if subscriptions by shareholders do not absorb the entire issuance of ordinary shares or securities giving access to the share capital of the Company pursuant to this resolution  the Board of Directors may limit the issuance to the amount of subscriptions received  provided that this amount reaches at least three-quarters of the issuance decided upon.7. Acknowledges that this resolution includes the waiver of the shareholders' preemptive subscription rights to ordinary shares of the Company to which any securities issued pursuant to this resolution may entitle them.8. Decides that the issuance price of the ordinary shares and securities to be issued pursuant to this resolution will be determined by the Board of Directors  with the right to subdelegate under the conditions provided by French law  pursuant to Articles L. 225-138 II of the French Commercial Code  and will at least be equal:(i) for the ordinary shares  either to:- the volume-weighted average price of the share of the Company on the regulated market of Euronext Paris for the last trading session preceding the pricing  or- the volume-weighted average price of the share of the Company on the regulated market of Euronext Paris chosen from a period comprising between three and seven consecutive trading days  from the 30 trading days preceding the pricing date;which may be reduced by maximum discount of 15% and the Board of Directors may freely use any of the two formulas set forth above  and(ii) (a) the issuance price of shares that may result from the exercise  conversion  exchange or redemption of securities giving access to the Company's capital issued under this authorization may be determined  at the discretion of the Board of Directors  by reference to a calculation formula defined by the Board of Directors and applicable after the issue of said securities (for example  on exercise  conversion  redemption or exchange)  in which case the maximum discount referred to above may be determined  if the Board of Directors sees fit  on the date of application of said formula (and not on the date of issue of the securities)  and (b) the issuance price of the securities to be issued under this resolution  other than shares  will be such that the amount immediately received by the Company plus  where applicable  any amount that may subsequently be received by the Company  for each share issued as a result of the issue of such securities  is at least equal to the amount referred to in paragraph (i) above.9. Decides that the Board of Directors will have full authority  with the right to subdelegate under the conditions provided by French law  to implement this resolution  and in particular to:- determine the characteristics  amount and terms and conditions of any issue and of the securities issued  in particular  the category of the securities issued  and will set  in the light of the information contained in its report  their subscription price  with or without premium  the terms and conditions for their payment in full (which may be achieved through cash settlement and/or offsetting liquid and due receivables or partly in cash and partly by incorporating reserves  earnings or premiums)  the date of their entitlement to dividends  which may be retroactive  the terms and conditions under which the securities issued pursuant to this resolution could give access to ordinary shares to be issued  the conditions under which such securities could also give entitlement to existing shares or debt securities of the Company  the conditions of their redemption or possible cancellation as well as the possibility of suspending the exercise of the allotment rights attached to the securities to be issued;- determine when the securities issued will consist of or be associated with debt securities  their fixed or indefinite term  their subordinated or non-subordinated form  and their interest rate;Translation for information purpose only- take all necessary measures to preserve the rights of the holders of securities or other rights giving access to the share capital of the Company  in accordance with applicable laws and regulations and  as the case may be  other contractual provisions that provide for other cases of adjustment;- charge  as the case may be  the fees and expenses related to the share capital increases against the related premiums  and  if it deems it appropriate  deduct from this amount the sums necessary to increase the legal reserve to one-tenth of the new total share capital resulting from each issuance;- enter into any agreement  in particular to ensure the completion and proper execution  in the amount and on the dates it deems appropriate  in France and/or abroad  of the contemplated issuances  as well as defer them  where appropriate;- have shares  securities to be issued or securities issued through the exercise of securities giving access to shares to be issued  admitted to trading on a regulated market or any financial market located outside the European Economic Area; and- record the completion of the capital increases performed in accordance with this resolution  amend accordingly the by-laws and perform any and all formalities and statements  and call for any authorizations that may be necessary to perform and complete these issues successfully.10. Decides that the aforementioned delegation is granted for a period of 18 months as from the date of this General Shareholders' Meeting and terminates  with immediate effect  any previous delegation granted for the same purpose. It therefore supersedes the delegation granted by the Combined General Shareholders' Meeting dated January 25  2023 in its 6th resolution.The Board of Directors will prepare a report for the next Ordinary General Shareholders' Meeting of the final terms of the operations performed in accordance with this resolution.TWENTY-SIXTH RESOLUTION (Delegation of authority to the Board of Directors to increase the share capital of the company by issuance of ordinary shares  immediately or in the future  reserved for certain specific categories of beneficiaries meeting specific characteristics within the framework of an equity financing agreement on the U.S. market called ""At-the-market"" or ""ATM""  without shareholders' preemptive subscription rights)The General Shareholders' Meeting  voting under the rules of quorum and majority required for Extraordinary General Shareholders' Meetings  having reviewed the Board of Directors' report and the Statutory Auditors' special report and acting pursuant to Articles L. 225-129 et seq. of the French Commercial Code  and in particular Articles L. 225-129-2  L. 225-135  L. 225-138 and L. 228-91 et seq. of the French Commercial Code  and Article L. 22-10-49 of the French Commercial Code 1. Delegates to the Board of Directors  with the right to subdelegate under the conditions provided by French law  the authority to proceed with  one or more issuances  in the amount and at the times it deems appropriate  in France and/or abroad  in euros or in any other currency or currency unit established by reference to several currencies  without shareholders' preemptive subscription rights  of ordinary shares in the form of American Depositary Shares or American Depositary Receipts of the Company.2. Decides that the maximum total nominal amount of the share capital increases that may be performed  pursuant to this delegation shall not exceed two hundred and fifty thousand euros (EUR 250 000)  it being specified  on the one hand that this cap is common to the ceiling stipulated in paragraph 2 of the 22nd resolution above and is to be deducted from the latter  and on the other hand  that the maximal nominal amount of the capital increases that may result from this resolution is to be deducted from the overall ceiling of seven hundred thousand euros (EUR 700 000) stipulated in paragraph 3 of the 21st resolution above.3. Decides to waive the shareholders' preemptive subscription rights to shares that can be issued pursuant to this resolution  and to reserve the shares to be issued pursuant to this resolution for specific category of beneficiaries as follows:- French or foreign credit institution or investment services companies  or any foreign establishment having an equivalent status  intervening within the framework of an ATM program set up by the Company (or any equity financing program of the same nature that may be substituted for it) and providing  within this framework  for the subscription of securities issued by the Company.4. Decides that the Board of Directors  with the right to subdelegate under the conditions provided by French law  shall determine the precise list of beneficiaries of this or these reserved capital increase(s) within this category of persons and the number of securities to be allocated to each beneficiary.Translation for information purpose only5. Decides that if subscriptions by shareholders do not absorb the entire issuance of shares pursuant to this resolution  the Board of Directors may limit the issuance to the amount of subscriptions received  provided that this amount reaches at least three-quarters of the issuance decided upon.6. Decides that the issuance price of the ordinary shares to be issued pursuant to this resolution will be determined by the Board of Directors  with the right to subdelegate under the conditions provided by French law  pursuant to Articles L. 225-138 II of the French Commercial Code  and will at least be equal either to:- the volume-weighted average price of the share of the Company on the regulated market of Euronext Paris for the last trading session preceding the pricing  or- the volume-weighted average price of the share of the Company on the regulated market of Euronext Paris chosen from a period comprising between three and seven consecutive trading days  from the 30 trading days preceding the pricing date;which may be reduced by maximum discount of 15%  the Board of Directors may freely use any of the two formulas set forth above  and7. Decides that the Board of Directors will have full authority  with the right to subdelegate under the conditions provided by French law  to implement this resolution  and in particular to:- determine the characteristics  amount and terms of any issue and of the securities issued  in particular  the category of the securities issued  and will set  in the light of the information contained in its report  their subscription price  with or without premium  the terms for their payment in full (which may be achieved through cash settlement and/or offsetting liquid and due receivables or partly in cash and partly by incorporating reserves  earnings or premiums)  the date of their entitlement to dividends  which may be retroactive;- charge  as the case may be  the fees related to the share capital increases against the related premiums  and  if it deems it appropriate  deduct from this amount the sums necessary to increase the legal reserve to one-tenth of the new total share capital resulting from each issuance;- enter into any agreement  in particular to ensure the completion execution  in order to carry out the aforementioned issues on one or more occasions  in the amount and on the dates it deems appropriate  in France and/or where applicable abroad  of the contemplated issuances  as well as defer them  where appropriate;- proceed  as the case may be  giving access to ordinary shares admitted to trading on a regulated market and/or any financial market located outside the European Economic Area; and- record the completion of the capital increases performed in accordance with this resolution  amend accordingly the by-laws and perform any and all formalities and statements  and call for any authorizations that may be necessary to perform and complete these issues successfully.8. Decides that the aforementioned delegation is granted for a period of 18 months as from the date of this General Shareholders' Meeting and supersedes  with immediate effect  any previous authorization for the same purpose. It therefore supersedes the delegation granted by the General Meeting of January 25  2023 in its 7th resolution.The Board of Directors will prepare a report for the next Ordinary General Shareholders' Meeting of the final terms of the operations performed in accordance with this resolution.TWENTY-SEVENTH RESOLUTION (Delegation of authority to the Board of Directors to increase the number of securities to be issued as part of share capital increases with or without shareholders' preemptive subscription rights)The General Shareholders' Meeting  voting under the rules of quorum and majority required for Extraordinary General Shareholders' Meetings  having reviewed the Board of Directors' Report and the Statutory Auditors' Special Report  and acting pursuant to the provisions of Articles L. 225-135-1 and R. 225-118 of the French Commercial Code 1. Delegates to the Board of Directors  with the right to subdelegate under the conditions provided by French law  the authority to decide  within thirty (30) days following the closing of the subscription  up to a maximum of fifteen percent (15%) of the initial issuance and at the same price as the initial issuance)  for each issuance decided pursuant to resolutions 21 to 23  25 and 26   to increase the number of shares to be issued as part of share capital increases within the ceiling provided for in the resolution pursuant to which the issue is decided upon.Translation for information purpose only2. Decides that the aforementioned delegation is granted for a period of 26 months as from the date of this General Shareholders' Meeting (except for resolutions 25 and 26   for which this delegation is valid for an 18-months period) and terminates  with immediate effect  any previous delegation granted for the same purpose. It therefore supersedes the delegation granted by the Combined General Shareholders' Meeting dated January 25  2023 in its 8th resolution.The Board of Directors will inform the General Assembly each year of the final terms of the transactions performed in accordance with this resolution.TWENTY-EIGHTH RESOLUTION (Delegation of authority to the Board of Directors to increase the share capital of the Company by issuance of ordinary shares and securities giving access to the share capital of the Company  immediately or in the future  as part of a public exchange offer initiated by the Company)The General Shareholders' Meeting  voting under the rules of quorum and majority required for Extraordinary General Shareholders' Meetings  having reviewed the Board of Directors' Report and the Statutory Auditors' Special Report  duly noting that the share capital has been fully paid up  and acting pursuant to the provisions of Articles L. 225-129 et seq. of the French Commercial Code  in particular Articles L. 225-129-2  L. 22-10-54  and L. 228-91 et seq. of the French Commercial Code 1. Delegates to the Board of Directors  with the right to subdelegate under the conditions provided by French law  the authority to proceed with  one or more issuances  in France and/or abroad  in euros or in any other currency or currency units established by reference to several currencies  of ordinary shares of the Company and/or securities giving access  immediately and/or in the future  to ordinary shares to be issued by the Company  in consideration for the securities contributed to a public exchange offer including an exchange component (on a principal or subsidiary basis) initiated by the Company  in France and/or abroad  in accordance with local regulations on the securities of a company whose shares are admitted to trading on one of the regulated markets listed in Article L. 22-10-54 of the French Commercial Code.2. Decides  as necessary  to the benefit of these securities' holders  to waive shareholders' preemptive subscription rights over ordinary shares and/or securities to be issued.3. Decides that the maximum nominal amount of the share capital increases that may be performed pursuant to this resolution shall not exceed four hundred and twenty thousand euros (EUR 420 000)  it being specified that this cap will count towards the cap stipulated in paragraph 2 of the 22nd resolution and towards the overall cap of seven hundred thousand euros (EUR 700 000) stipulated in paragraph 3 the 21st resolution. Added to those caps will be  as the case may be  the aggregate par value of any additional shares to be issued in order to preserve  in accordance with applicable laws and regulations  and  as the case may be  other contractual provisions that provide for other cases of adjustment  the rights of holders of securities giving access to the share capital of the Company.4. Decides that securities giving access  immediately or in the future  to ordinary shares to be issued by the Company may notably consist of debt securities or be associated with the issuance of such securities  or allow their issuance as intermediate securities  and that the debt securities issued pursuant to this resolution may take the form of subordinated or non-subordinated securities with a fixed or indefinite term and be issued in euros  or in any other currency or currency units established by reference to several currencies.The maximum nominal amount of debt securities that may be issued pursuant to this resolution shall not exceed one hundred and fifty million euros (EUR 150 000 000) or the counter-value of this amount in another currency or in any currency units established by reference to several currencies  it being specified that this cap cannot exceed the overall cap stipulated in paragraph 4 of the 21st resolution. This cap is independent from the debt securities whose issue would be decided on or authorized by the Board of Directors in accordance with Article L. 228-40 of the French Commercial Code.Translation for information purpose only5. Acknowledges that this resolution includes the waiver of the shareholders' preemptive subscription rights over ordinary shares of the Company to which any securities issued pursuant to this resolution may entitle them.6. Decides that the Board of Directors will have full authority  with the right to subdelegate under the conditions provided by French law  to implement this resolution  and in particular to:- set the exchange ratio as well as  were applicable  the amount of the balance in cash to be paid;- determine the terms and conditions of the securities that may be issued pursuant to this resolution;- record the number of securities contributed to the exchange;- determine the dates  terms and conditions of the issuance  and in particular the price and the date of their entitlement to dividends  which may be retroactive  of the new ordinary shares or securities giving access  immediately and/or in the future  to the share capital of the Company and as the case may be amend the terms and conditions of the securities issued pursuant to this resolution during the duration of the relevant securities and in accordance with the applicable laws and regulations;- take all necessary measures to preserve the rights of the holders of securities or other rights giving access to the share capital of the Company  in accordance with applicable laws and regulations and  as the case may be  other contractual provisions that provide for other cases of adjustment;- record among the liabilities the contribution share premium  relating to the rights of the shareholders  the difference between the issuance price and of the new shares and their nominal value;- charge  as the case may be  the fees and expenses related to the share capital increases against the related premiums  and  if it deems it appropriate  deduct from this amount the sums necessary to increase the legal reserve to one-tenth of the new total share capital resulting from each issuance;- have shares  securities to be issued or securities issued through the exercise of securities giving access to shares to be issued  admitted to trading on a regulated market for ordinary shares or on any other financial market located outside the European Economic Area; and- take all necessary steps and enter into any agreements to successfully complete the authorized transaction  record the resulting increase(s)  and amend the by-laws; and- record the completion of the capital increases performed pursuant to this resolution  amend accordingly the by-laws and  perform any and all formalities and statements  and call for any authorizations that may be necessary to perform and complete these issuances successfully.7. Decides that the aforementioned delegation is granted for a period of 26 months as from the date of this General Shareholders' Meeting and terminates  with immediate effect  any previous delegation granted for the same purpose. It therefore supersedes the delegation granted by the General Shareholders' Meeting dated January 25  2023 in its 9th resolution.The Board of Directors may  within the limits it has previously set  subdelegate the power granted to it under this resolution.The Board of Directors will inform the General Assembly each year of the final terms of the transactions performed in accordance with this resolution.TWENTY-NINTH RESOLUTION (Delegation of authority to the Board of Directors to increase the share capital of the Company by issuance of ordinary shares or securities giving access to the share capital of the Company  immediately or in the future  in consideration for contributions in kind within the limits set by legal and regulatory provisions  excluding the case of a public exchange offer initiated by the Company)The General Shareholders' Meeting  voting under the rules of quorum and majority required for Extraordinary General Shareholders' Meetings  having reviewed the Board of Directors' Report and the Statutory Auditors' Special Report  duly noting that the share capital has been fully paid up  and acting pursuant to the provisions of Articles L. 225-129 et seq. of the French Commercial Code  in particular Articles L. 225-129-2  L. 22-10-53  and L. 228-91 et seq. of the French Commercial Code 1. Delegates to the Board of Directors  with the right to subdelegate under the conditions provided by French law  the authority to proceed  on the basis of the report of the Contribution Auditor(s)  with  one or more issuances  in France and/or abroad  in euros or in any other currency or currency units established by reference to several currencies  of ordinary shares of the Company and/or securities giving access  immediately and/or in the future  to ordinary shares to be issued by the Company  in order to remunerate contributions in kind granted to the Company and consisting of equity securities or securities giving access to the share capital  when the provisions of Article L. 22-10-54 of the French Commercial Code are not applicable.Translation for information purpose only2. Decides that the maximum nominal amount of the share capital increases that may be performed pursuant to this resolution shall not exceed the limit set by the laws and regulations in force at the time this authorization is used (currently 10% of the share capital of the Company at the date of the transaction)  it being specified that this cap will count towards the ceiling set out in paragraph 2 of the 22nd resolution and towards the overall cap of seven hundred thousand euros (EUR 700 000) stipulated in paragraph 3 of the 21st resolution. Added to those caps will be  as the case may be  the aggregate par value of any additional shares to be issued in order to preserve  in accordance with applicable laws and regulations  and  as the case may be  other contractual provisions that provide for other cases of adjustment  the rights of holders of securities giving access to the share capital of the Company.3. Decides that securities giving access  immediately or in the future  to ordinary shares to be issued by the Company may notably consist of debt securities or be associated with the issuance of such securities  or allow their issuance as intermediate securities  and that the debt securities issued pursuant to this resolution may take the form of subordinated or non-subordinated securities with a fixed or indefinite term and be issued in euros  or in any other currency or currency units established by reference to several currencies.The maximum nominal amount of debt securities that may be issued pursuant to this resolution shall not exceed one hundred and fifty million euros (EUR 150 000 000) or the counter-value of this amount in another currency or in any currency units established by reference to several currencies  it being specified that this cap cannot exceed the overall cap stipulated in paragraph 4 of the 21st resolution. This cap is independent from the debt securities whose issuance would be decided on or authorized by the Board of Directors in accordance with Article L. 228-40 of the French Commercial Code.4. Acknowledges that this resolution includes the waiver of the shareholders' preemptive subscription rights over ordinary shares of the Company to which any securities issued pursuant to this resolution may entitle them.5. Decides that the Board of Directors will have full authority  with the right to subdelegate under the conditions provided by French law  to implement this resolution  and in particular to:- decide  pursuant to the special report of the Contribution Auditors  referred to in the 1st and 2nd paragraphs of Article L. 22-10-53 of the French Commercial Code  on the valuation of the contributions and the granting of any special benefits;- draw up a list of the shares or the securities brought to the exchange  set the exchange parity and  as the case may be  the amount of the cash balance to be paid;- determine the dates  terms and conditions of the issuance  and in particular the price and the date of their entitlement to dividends  which may be retroactive  of the new ordinary shares or securities giving access  immediately and/or in the future  to the share capital of the Company;- charge  as the case may be  the fees and expenses related to the share capital increases against the related premiums  and  if it deems it appropriate  deduct from this amount the sums necessary to increase the legal reserve to one-tenth of the new total share capital resulting from each issuance;- take all necessary measures to preserve the rights of the holders of securities or other rights giving access to the share capital of the Company  in accordance with applicable laws and regulations and  as the case may be  contractual provisions that provide for other cases of adjustment;- have shares  securities to be issued or securities issued through the exercise of securities giving access to shares to be issued  admitted to trading on a regulated market for ordinary shares or on any other financial market located outside the European Economic Area; and- record the completion of the share capital increases performed pursuant to this resolution  amend accordingly the by-laws and  perform any and all formalities and statements  and call for any authorizations that may be necessary to perform and complete these issuances successfully.6. Decides that the aforementioned delegation is granted for a period of 26 months as from the date of this General Shareholders' Meeting and terminates  with immediate effect  any previous delegation granted for the same purpose. It therefore supersedes the delegation granted by the General Shareholders' Meeting dated January 25  2023 in its 10th resolution.Translation for information purpose onlyThe Board of Directors may  within the limits it has previously set  subdelegate the power granted to it under this resolution.The Board of Directors will inform the General Assembly each year of the final terms of the transactions performed in accordance with this resolution.THIRTIETH RESOLUTION (Delegation of authority to the Board of Directors to increase the share capital of the Company by issuance of ordinary shares or securities giving access to the share capital of the Company  immediately or in the future  by the Company reserved for members of a company savings plan to be set up by the Company under the conditions provided for in Article L.3332-18 et seq. of the French Code de travail  without shareholders' preferential subscription rights)The General Shareholders' Meeting  voting under the rules of quorum and majority required for Extraordinary Shareholders' Meetings  and having reviewed the Board of Directors' Report and the Statutory Auditors' Special Report prepared in accordance with applicable laws and pursuant to the provisions of Articles L. 225-129 et seq. of the French Commercial Code  Articles L. 225-129-2  L. 225- 129-6  L. 225-138 I of the French Commercial Code  and Article L.3332-18 et seq. of the French Code du Travail.1. Delegates to the Board of Directors  with the right to subdelegate under the conditions provided by French law  the authority to proceed with  one or more issuances  in the amount and at the times it deems appropriate  on its own initiative  of ordinary shares of the Company and/or securities giving access immediately and/or in the future  to ordinary shares to be issued by the Company  reserved for employees of the Company and its affiliates pursuant to Article L. 225-180 of the French Commercial Code  who are members of a company savings plan  to be instituted at the initiative of the Company and/or any mutual funds through the intermediary from which the new shares thus issued would be subscribed by them.2. Decides that the maximum nominal amount of the share capital increases that may be performed  immediately or in the future  pursuant to this resolution shall not exceed three thousand euros (EUR 3 000)  it being specified that this cap will count towards the overall cap of seven hundred thousand euros (EUR 700 000) stipulated in paragraph 3 the 21st resolution. Added to those caps will be  as the case may be  the aggregate par value of any additional shares to be issued in order to preserve  in accordance with applicable laws and regulations  and  as the case may be  other contractual provisions that provide for other cases of adjustment  the rights of holders of securities giving access to the share capital of the Company.3. Decides  to waive shareholders' preemptive rights to ordinary shares of the Company and/or securities to be issued  where applicable freely granted  pursuant to this resolution which includes the waiver of the shareholders' preemptive subscription rights to the ordinary shares of the Company to which the securities that would be issued pursuant to this resolution entitle them.4. Acknowledges that this resolution includes the waiver of the shareholders' preemptive subscription rights over ordinary shares of the Company shares to which any securities issued pursuant to this resolution may entitle them.5. Decides that the issuance price for new shares or securities to be issued pursuant to this resolution shall be set in accordance with Article L. 3332-19 of the French Code du travail  and decide to set the maximum discount at 20%. However  the General Shareholders' Meeting expressly authorizes the Board of Directors to reduce this discount or not to grant it  in particular in accordance with the regulations applicable in the countries where the new shares or securities to be issued will be offered.6. Decides  pursuant to the provisions of Article L.3332-21 of the French Code du travail  that the Board of Directors may freely grant to the beneficiaries  as defined above  newly issued shares or shares to be issued or other securities giving access to the Company's share capital to be issued or already issued in respect of (i) the contribution that may be paid pursuant to the regulations governing company savings plans  and/or (ii) where applicable  the discount.7. Decides that  in the event that the beneficiaries as defined above have not subscribed to the entire share capital increase within the time limit allotted  the share capital increase would only be performed for the amount of the shares subscribed  and that the unsubscribed shares may be offered again to the said beneficiaries within the scope of a subsequent capital increase.Translation for information purpose only8. Decidesthat the Board of Directors will have full authority  within the limits and conditions specified above  to determine the terms",neutral,0.01,0.98,0.0,positive,0.86,0.11,0.03,True,English,"['Extraordinary General Meeting', 'Inventiva', 'Notice', 'June', 'Form', 'Mr. Frédéric Cren', 'Hôtel Castel Burgond', 'French Code monétaire', ""shareholders' preemptive subscription rights"", 'Deputy Chief Executive Officer', 'French General Tax Code', ""shareholders' preemptive rights"", 'French Commercial Code', 'Chief Scientific Officer', 'Mr. Pierre Broqua', 'Mr. André Turenne', 'Mr. Heinz Maeusli', ""General Shareholders' Meeting"", 'corporate governance report', 'Ms. Martine Zimmermann', 'Ms. Lucy Lu', 'Extraordinary General Meeting', 'equity financing agreement', 'consolidated financial statements', ""corporate officers' compensation"", 'U.S. market', 'statutory financial statements', 'Extraordinary items', 'communication agreement', 'Statutory Auditors', 'financial year', 'variable compensation', 'compensation policy', 'Total compensation', 'share capital', 'public offerings', 'capital increases', 'specific categories', 'specific characteristics', 'The Ordinary', 'Article L.', 'following agenda', 'information purpose', 'ordinary shares', 'Final approval', 'issuance price', 'Notice', 'June', 'INVENTIVA', 'Company', '9 a', 'route', 'Troyes', '21121 Daix', 'France', 'Reading', 'reports', 'Board', 'Directors', 'Appropriation', 'profit/loss', 'expenses', 'charges', 'transfer', 'know-how', 'December', 'accordance', 'Articles', 'fixed', 'capacity', 'Chairman', 'Amendment', 'I.', 'members', 'Appointment', 'Renewal', 'mandate', 'KPMG', 'Authorization', 'Translation', 'cancellation', 'Delegation', 'authority', 'securities', 'access', 'future', 'way', 'offers', 'financier', 'terms', 'conditions', 'limit', 'laws', 'regulations', 'force', 'time', 'issue', 'beneficiaries', 'framework', '7.', '14.', '15.', '16.', '18.']",2024-05-13,2024-05-14,marketscreener.com
40868,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/INVENTIVA-34031212/news/Inventiva-announces-the-publication-in-Nature-Communications-of-additional-results-from-NATIVE-Phase-46702813/,Inventiva announces the publication in Nature Communications of additional results from NATIVE Phase IIb clinical trial demonstrating improvement of markers of cardiometabolic health in patients with MASH/NASH treated with lanifibranor,(marketscreener.com) Improvements were observed for insulin resistance   lipid metabolism   control of glycemia levels)  systemic inflammation   hepatic steatosis and diastolic blood pressure.Among the patients who had prediabetes at study entry and were trea…,Improvements were observed for insulin resistance (insulin levels  HOMA-IR)  lipid metabolism (triglycerides  HDL-cholesterol  apolipoproteins)  control of glycemia (HbA1c  fasting glucose (FG) levels)  systemic inflammation (hs-CRP  ferritin)  hepatic steatosis and diastolic blood pressure.Among the patients who had prediabetes at study entry and were treated with lanifibranor  the majority had fasting glucose levels within the normal range at the end of treatment. No patient treated with lanifibranor with normal glucose levels at study entry progressed to prediabetes during treatment  unlike in the placebo arm.Adiponectin levels were increased by lanifibranor while they remained low and unchanged under placebo. Adiponectin increase was correlated with improvement of cardiometabolic health.A greater proportion of patients with MASH/NASH and high cardiovascular risk treated with either dose of lanifibranor saw their cardiovascular risk improved to intermediate or low risk compared to patients in the placebo arm.Improvements in cardiometabolic health markers were similar regardless of the patients’ diabetes and obesity status and regardless of weight change during treatment with lanifibranor.Daix (France)  Long Island City (New York  United States)  May 13  2024 – Inventiva (Euronext Paris and Nasdaq: IVA)  a clinical-stage biopharmaceutical company focused on the development of oral small molecule therapies for the treatment of metabolic dysfunction-associated steatohepatitis (“MASH”)  also known as non-alcoholic steatohepatitis (“NASH”)  and other diseases with significant unmet medical needs  today announced the publication in the peer-reviewed scientific journal Nature Communications of additional results from its NATIVE Phase IIb clinical trial demonstrating the improvement of markers of cardiometabolic health in patients with MASH/NASH treated with lanifibranor.In the NATIVE Phase IIb clinical trial which demonstrated improvement on liver histology following a 24-week period with lanifibranor 800mg and 1200mg daily  including NASH resolution and fibrosis improvement  a broad panel of markers of cardiometabolic health were also measured. Following lanifibranor treatment  the trial demonstrated significant improvement in patients with MASH/NASH with and without Type 2 Diabetes and with or without obesity of markers of insulin resistance (fasting insulin level  HOMA-IR)  glycemic control (fasting glucose  HbA1c)  lipid metabolism (triglycerides  HDL-C  APO-B  APO-B/APO-A1)  adiponectin  systemic inflammation (hs-CRP  ferritin)  diastolic blood pressure and hepatic steatosis (histological grading and ultrasound-based (Fibroscan CAPTM)) (see table below).Importantly  lanifibranor treatment also led to lower fasting glucose to normal levels in 71% of patients with MASH/NASH and prediabetes treated with the 1200mg dose and 67% of patients treated with the 800mg dose versus 11% of patients on placebo. In addition  no patients treated with either dose of lanifibranor with MASH/NASH and normoglycemia at baseline progressed to prediabetes at week 24  versus 26% of patients in the placebo arm.Furthermore  38% and 44% of patients with MASH/NASH and high cardiovascular risk (based on markers of lipids and inflammation) treated with 1200mg and 800mg of lanifibranor  respectively  improved to intermediate or low cardiovascular risk at week 24  and 44% and 35% of patients at intermediate risk improved to low risk when treated with 1200mg and 800mg of lanifibranor  respectively. However  in the placebo arm  only 26% of patients at high cardiovascular risk improved to intermediate risk and 13% improved from intermediate to low cardiovascular risk.The weight gain observed in a portion of the patient population treated with lanifibranor was shown to be associated with improvement of all markers of cardiometabolic health  similarly to patients treated with lanifibranor who maintained a stable weight throughout the study. This finding is in contrast to the weight gain observed in patients on placebo  which was associated with a worsening of cardiometabolic markers. These results highlight the critical difference between the weight gain that can be observed with lanifibranor which can be defined as metabolically healthy and is associated with an improvement in insulin resistance  and the weight gain observed in patients under placebo which is metabolically unhealthy and is influenced by lifestyle.In addition  the increase in adiponectin levels following treatment with 1200mg and 800mg of lanifibranor occurred in 95% and 86% of patients  respectively  versus only in 10% of patients in the placebo arm. The increase in adiponectin level at week 24 was correlated with improvement of markers of insulin resistance  glycemic control  lipid metabolism and steatosis  as well as hs-CRP  aminotransferases and improvement in liver histological endpoints for disease activity and fibrosis.Michael Cooreman  M.D.  Chief Medical Officer at Inventiva  commented: “Patients with MASH/NASH generally present with poor metabolic health resulting to a large extent from insulin resistance  affecting their glucose and lipid metabolism  causing systemic inflammation and significantly increasing their risk for cardiovascular events. It is key for these patients to target the hepatic manifestations of the disease and also improve their cardiometabolic health. We believe these results from the NATIVE trial demonstrates the potential of lanifibranor to address the broad disease biology of MASH/NASH from insulin resistance to fibrosis. We use this opportunity to express our appreciation and thanks to all patients  investigators and their staff for having made this relevant clinical study possible.”Prof. Manal Abdelmalek  M.D.  M.P.H.  Mayo Clinic and co-principal investigator of the NATIVE Phase IIb clinical trial  added: “This cardiometabolic dataset from the NATIVE Phase IIb clinical trial exemplifies the need for a comprehensive and multidisciplinary management of patients with MASH/NASH and increases our confidence in the potential for lanifibranor as a treatment option for patients with MASH/NASH  who typically have a cardiometabolic profile associated with cardiovascular disease.”Prof. Sven Francque  M.D.  Ph.D.  Antwerp University Hospital and co-principal investigator of the Phase IIb NATIVE clinical trial  said: “This analysis of results from the NATIVE trial on the cardiometabolic health markers adds to the body of evidence for lanifibranor’s potential. Furthermore  these new data shed more light on the importance of managing the full-spectrum of MASH/NASH disease.”Prof. Arun Sanyal  Director of the Stratvitz-Sanyal Institute for Liver Disease and Metabolic Health and Interim Chair of the Division of Gastroenterology  Hepatology and Nutrition  Virginia commonwealth University  commented: “This publication highlights the need to treat MASH/NASH more holistically  taking into account the competing threats to life from mainly cardiometabolic and hepatic risks. It is exciting to note that lanifibranor  which is now in advanced Phase III clinical development for the treatment of NASH also significantly improved the cardiometabolic risk profile and insulin sensitivity as central component of the disease process. These compelling data further support the promise of lanifibranor for this patient population.”Summary of lanifibranor treatment versus placebo on cardiometabolic health markers at Week 24 (n=247 patients) Adjusted mean difference versus placebo at EOT (SE) Lani 800mg Lani 1200mg Insulin Resistance Fasting insulin levels (pmol/L) -83 (16) *** -79 (17) *** HOMA‑IR+ -4.0 (0.9) *** -4.1 (0.9) *** Glycemic control Fasting glucose (mmol/L) -1.02 (0.16) *** -0.84 (0.16) *** HbA1c (%) -0.45 (0.07) *** -0.49 (0.07) *** Lipid metabolism and apolipoprotein levels Tryglycerides (mmol/L) -0.55 (0.13) *** -0.50 (0.12) *** HDL-C (mmol/L) 0.16 (0.03) *** 0.10 (0.03) ** APO-B (mg/dL) -9.7 (2.9) *** -9.8 (2.9) *** APO-B/APO-A1 -0.08 (0.03) ** -0.06 (0.02) * APO-C3 (ug/mL) -18 (6) *** -20 (6) *** Systemic inflammation hs-CRP (mg/L) -2.2 (0.7) *** -1.5 (0.7) * Ferritin (µg/L) -84 (21) *** -72 (21) *** Liver tests ALT (U/L) -25 (5) *** -23 (5) *** AST (U/L) -15 (5) *** -12 (5) ** GGT (U/L) -48 (8) *** -32 (8) *** Blood pressure Diastolic blood pressure (mmHg) -3.9 (1.5) * -2.5 (1.5) Steatosis CAP™ (dB/m) -16 (9) * -23 (9) * *p≤0.1 **p≤0.01 ***p≤0.001 versus placebo+Patients treated with sulphonylureas were removed from HOMA-IR related analyses. Resulting from Mixed Model for Repeated Measures (MMRM) models using change from baseline as endpoint  the time  treatment  the diabetic status  the interaction (treatment*time) and the baseline value as fixed effects  a time repeated measure within each subject and an unstructured variance covariance matrix; no adjustment for multiple comparisons was performed.APO=apolipoprotein  ALT=alanine aminotransferase  AST=aspartate aminotransferase  CAP™=controlled attenuation parameter  EOT=end of treatment  GGT=gamma glutamyl transferase  HbA1c=hemoglobin A1c  HDL=high density lipoprotein  HOMA IR=homeostatic model assessment of insulin resistance  hs CRP=high-sensitivity C-reactive protein  LDL=low density lipoprotein  SE=standard errorPublication detailsPublication title: “The pan-PPAR agonist lanifibranor improves cardiometabolic health in patients with metabolic dysfunction-associated steatohepatitis” Date of publication: May 10  2024 Authors: Michael P. Cooreman  Javed Butler  Robert P. Giugliano  Faiez Zannad  Lucile Dzen  Philippe Huot-Marchand  Martine Baudin  Daniel R. Beard  Jean-Louis Junien  Pierre Broqua  Manal F. Abdelmalek  Sven M. Francque. Online version: https://www.nature.com/articles/s41467-024-47919-9About lanifibranorLanifibranor  Inventiva’s lead product candidate  is an orally-available small molecule that acts to induce anti-fibrotic  anti-inflammatory and beneficial vascular and metabolic changes in the body by activating all three peroxisome proliferator-activated receptor (“PPAR”) isoforms  which are well-characterized nuclear receptor proteins that regulate gene expression. Lanifibranor is a PPAR agonist that is designed to target all three PPAR isoforms in a moderately potent manner  with a well-balanced activation of PPARα and PPARδ  and a partial activation of PPARγ. While there are other PPAR agonists that target only one or two PPAR isoforms for activation  lanifibranor is the only pan-PPAR agonist in clinical development for the treatment of MASH/NASH. Inventiva believes that lanifibranor’s moderate and balanced pan-PPAR binding profile contributes to the favorable tolerability profile that has been observed in clinical trials and pre-clinical studies to date. The FDA has granted Breakthrough Therapy and Fast Track designation to lanifibranor for the treatment of MASH/NASH.About the NATIVE Phase IIb trialThe NATIVE Phase IIb (NAsh Trial to Validate IVA337 Efficacy) clinical trial was a 24-week randomized  double-blind  placebo-controlled Phase IIb clinical trial evaluating lanifibranor for the treatment of patients with MASH/NASH. The primary purpose of the trial was to assess the efficacy of lanifibranor in improving liver inflammation and ballooning  the two histological markers included in the definition of the regulatory endpoint of MASH/NASH resolution. To be considered for inclusion  patients were required to have: a diagnosis of MASH/NASH confirmed by liver biopsy; a cumulative score of inflammation and ballooning (as measured using the SAF scoring system) of three or four out of four  indicating the presence of moderate to severe inflammation and ballooning; a steatosis score greater than or equal to one  indicating the presence of moderate to severe steatosis; and a fibrosis score less than four  indicating the absence of cirrhosis. The primary endpoint of the trial was a reduction in the combined inflammation and ballooning score of two points compared to baseline  with no worsening fibrosis  as measured by the SAF score. Secondary endpoints included MASH/NASH resolution  improvements in each of the steatosis  inflammation  ballooning and fibrosis scores from baseline and fibrosis stage scoring  improvements in various other fibrosis measures  improvements in several metabolic markers  and safety. The trial randomized 247 patients with MASH/NASH in 71 sites in Australia  Canada  Europe  Mauritius and the United States.About InventivaInventiva is a clinical-stage biopharmaceutical company focused on the research and development of oral small molecule therapies for the treatment of patients with MASH/NASH and other diseases with significant unmet medical need. The Company benefits from a strong expertise and experience in the domain of compounds targeting nuclear receptors  transcription factors and epigenetic modulation. Inventiva is currently advancing one clinical candidate  has a pipeline of two preclinical programs and continues to explore other development opportunities to add to its pipeline.Inventiva’s lead product candidate  lanifibranor  is currently in a pivotal Phase III clinical trial  NATiV3  for the treatment of adult patients with MASH/NASH  a common and progressive chronic liver disease for which there are currently no approved therapies.Inventiva’s pipeline also includes odiparcil  a drug candidate for the treatment of adult MPS VI patients. As part of Inventiva’s decision to focus clinical efforts on the development of lanifibranor  it suspended its clinical efforts relating to odiparcil and is reviewing available options with respect to its potential further development. Inventiva is also in the process of selecting a candidate for its Hippo signaling pathway program.The Company has a scientific team of approximately 90 people with deep expertise in the fields of biology  medicinal and computational chemistry  pharmacokinetics and pharmacology  and clinical development. It owns an extensive library of approximately 240 000 pharmacologically relevant molecules  approximately 60% of which are proprietary  as well as a wholly-owned research and development facility.Inventiva is a public company listed on compartment B of the regulated market of Euronext Paris (ticker: IVA  ISIN: FR0013233012) and on the Nasdaq Global Market in the United States (ticker: IVA). www.inventivapharma.comContactsInventivaPascaline Clerc  PhDEVP  Strategy and Corporate Affairsmedia@inventivapharma.com+1 202 499 8937 Brunswick GroupTristan Roquet Montegon /Aude Lepreux /Julia CailleteauMedia relationsinventiva@brunswickgroup.com+33 1 53 96 83 83 Westwicke  an ICR CompanyPatricia L. BankInvestor relationspatti.bank@westwicke.com+1 415 513-1284Important NoticeThis press release contains “forward-looking statements” within the meaning of the safe harbor provisions of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. All statements  other than statements of historical facts  included in this press release are forward-looking statements.These statements include  but are not limited to  forecasts and estimates with respect to Inventiva’s pre-clinical programs and clinical trials  including design  duration  timing  recruitment costs  screening and enrollment for those trials  including the ongoing NATiV3 Phase III clinical trial with lanifibranor in MASH/NASH  clinical trial data releases and publications  the information  insights and impacts that may be gathered from clinical trials  the potential therapeutic benefits  including glycemic control (HbA1c)  reduction in hepatic steatosis  lipid metabolism (triglycerides  HDL-C  APO-B  APO-B/APO-A1)  insulin resistance (HOMA-IR)  adiponectin  systemic inflammation (hs-CRP  ferritin) and diastolic blood pressure  of Inventiva’s product candidates  including lanifibranor  the impact of lanifibranor on markers of cardiometabolic health and cardiovascular risk  potential regulatory submissions  approvals and commercialization  Inventiva’s pipeline and preclinical and clinical development plans  the expected benefit of having received Breakthrough Therapy Designation  including its impact on the development and review timeline of Inventiva’s product candidates  the potential development of and regulatory pathway for odiparcil  and future activities  expectations  plans  growth and prospects of Inventiva and its partners. Certain of these statements  forecasts and estimates can be recognized by the use of words such as  without limitation  “believes”  “anticipates”  “expects”  “intends”  “plans”  “seeks”  “estimates”  “may”  “will”  “would”  “could”  “might”  “should”  “designed”  “hopefully”  “target”  “potential”  “opportunity”  “possible”  “aim”  and “continue” and similar expressions. Such statements are not historical facts but rather are statements of future expectations and other forward-looking statements that are based on management's beliefs. These statements reflect such views and assumptions prevailing as of the date of the statements and involve known and unknown risks and uncertainties that could cause future results  performance  or future events to differ materially from those expressed or implied in such statements. Actual events are difficult to predict and may depend upon factors that are beyond Inventiva's control. There can be no guarantees with respect to pipeline product candidates that the clinical trial results will be available on their anticipated timeline  that future clinical trials will be initiated as anticipated  that product candidates will receive the necessary regulatory approvals  or that any of the anticipated milestones by Inventiva or its partners will be reached on their expected timeline  or at all. Future results may turn out to be materially different from the anticipated future results  performance or achievements expressed or implied by such statements  forecasts and estimates  due to a number of factors  including that Inventiva cannot provide assurance on the impacts of the Suspected Unexpected Serious Adverse Reaction (SUSAR) on enrollment or the ultimate impact on the results or timing of the NATiV3 trial or regulatory matters with respect thereto  that Inventiva is a clinical-stage company with no approved products and no historical product revenues  Inventiva has incurred significant losses since inception  Inventiva has a limited operating history and has never generated any revenue from product sales  Inventiva will require additional capital to finance its operations  in the absence of which  Inventiva may be required to significantly curtail  delay or discontinue one or more of its research or development programs or be unable to expand its operations or otherwise capitalize on its business opportunities and may be unable to continue as a going concern  Inventiva’s ability to obtain financing and to enter into potential transactions  Inventiva's future success is dependent on the successful clinical development  regulatory approval and subsequent commercialization of current and any future product candidates  preclinical studies or earlier clinical trials are not necessarily predictive of future results and the results of Inventiva's and its partners’ clinical trials may not support Inventiva's and its partners’ product candidate claims  Inventiva's expectations with respect to its clinical trials may prove to be wrong and regulatory authorities may require holds and/or amendments to Inventiva’s clinical trials  Inventiva’s expectations with respect to the clinical development plan for lanifibranor for the treatment of MASH/NASH may not be realized and may not support the approval of a New Drug Application  Inventiva and its partners may encounter substantial delays beyond expectations in their clinical trials or fail to demonstrate safety and efficacy to the satisfaction of applicable regulatory authorities  the ability of Inventiva and its partners to recruit and retain patients in clinical studies  enrollment and retention of patients in clinical trials is an expensive and time-consuming process and could be made more difficult or rendered impossible by multiple factors outside Inventiva's and its partners’ control  Inventiva's product candidates may cause adverse drug reactions or have other properties that could delay or prevent their regulatory approval  or limit their commercial potential  Inventiva faces substantial competition and Inventiva’s and its partners' business  and preclinical studies and clinical development programs and timelines  its financial condition and results of operations could be materially and adversely affected by geopolitical events  such as the conflict between Russia and Ukraine and related sanctions  impacts and potential impacts on the initiation  enrollment and completion of Inventiva’s and its partners’ clinical trials on anticipated timelines and the state of war between Israel and Hamas and the related risk of a larger conflict  health epidemics  and macroeconomic conditions  including global inflation  rising interest rates  uncertain financial markets and disruptions in banking systems. Given these risks and uncertainties  no representations are made as to the accuracy or fairness of such forward-looking statements  forecasts  and estimates. Furthermore  forward-looking statements  forecasts and estimates only speak as of the date of this press release. Readers are cautioned not to place undue reliance on any of these forward-looking statements.Please refer to the Universal Registration Document for the year ended December 31  2023  filed with the Autorité des Marchés Financiers on April 3  2024  and the Annual Report on Form 20-F for the year ended December 31  2023  filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on April 3  2024. Other risks and uncertainties of which Inventiva is not currently aware may also affect its forward-looking statements and may cause actual results and the timing of events to differ materially from those anticipated. All information in this press release is as of the date of the release. Except as required by law  Inventiva has no intention and is under no obligation to update or review the forward-looking statements referred to above. Consequently  Inventiva accepts no liability for any consequences arising from the use of any of the above statements.Attachment,neutral,0.08,0.91,0.01,negative,0.02,0.46,0.51,True,English,"['NATIVE Phase IIb clinical trial', 'Nature Communications', 'additional results', 'cardiometabolic health', 'Inventiva', 'publication', 'improvement', 'markers', 'patients', 'MASH/NASH', 'lanifibranor', 'NATIVE Phase IIb clinical trial', 'oral small molecule therapies', 'significant unmet medical needs', 'poor metabolic health resultin', 'Chief Medical Officer', 'diastolic blood pressure', 'Long Island City', 'clinical-stage biopharmaceutical company', 'metabolic dysfunction-associated steatohepatitis', 'peer-reviewed scientific journal', 'high cardiovascular risk', 'liver histological endpoints', 'low cardiovascular risk', 'normal glucose levels', 'cardiometabolic health markers', 'low risk', 'non-alcoholic steatohepatitis', 'liver histology', 'histological grading', 'normal levels', 'normal range', 'intermediate risk', 'significant improvement', 'insulin levels', 'FG) levels', 'insulin resistance', 'lipid metabolism', 'greater proportion', 'weight change', 'New York', 'United States', 'Euronext Paris', 'other diseases', 'Nature Communications', '24-week period', 'broad panel', 'Type 2 Diabetes', 'Fibroscan CAPTM', 'weight gain', 'stable weight', 'critical difference', 'disease activity', 'Michael Cooreman', 'M.D.', 'Adiponectin levels', 'intermediate to', 'systemic inflammation', 'hepatic steatosis', 'study entry', 'glycemic control', 'placebo arm', 'cardiometabolic markers', 'obesity status', 'additional results', 'NASH resolution', 'patient population', 'Adiponectin increase', 'patients’ diabetes', '800mg dose', 'fibrosis improvement', '1200mg dose', 'lanifibranor 800mg', 'lanifibranor treatment', 'Improvements', 'HOMA-IR', 'triglycerides', 'HDL-cholesterol', 'apolipoproteins', 'glycemia', 'HbA1c', 'hs-CRP', 'ferritin', 'prediabetes', 'majority', 'MASH/NASH', 'Daix', 'France', 'Inventiva', 'Nasdaq', 'development', 'publication', 'APO-B', 'ultrasound-based', 'baseline', 'lipids', 'finding', 'contrast', 'worsening', 'lifestyle', 'aminotransferases']",2024-05-13,2024-05-14,marketscreener.com
40869,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.irishtimes.com/business/2024/05/13/global-stocks-rise-as-investors-await-key-us-inflation-data/,Global stocks rise as investors await key US inflation data,Ryanair lagged behind its peers as it dropped 40 basis points following comments last week on the pricing of fares,US indexes were back near all-time highs hit in March  boosted by stronger-than-expected earnings reports. Photograph: Spencer Platt/Getty ImagesGlobal stock markets rose on Monday  with investors awaiting this week’s US inflation data  which is expected to be key for the outlook for interest rates.DublinEuronext Dublin marginally underperformed relative to its European peers as it fell back 30 basis points.Among the financial names  AIB had a strong opening in the morning with some robust flows  but it failed to hold on to those gains and finished the day down 70 basis points. Elsewhere  Bank of Ireland moved up 1.5 per cent.Ryanair lagged behind its peers as it dropped 40 basis points  while Aer Lingus parent International Airlines Group climbed 3 per cent. Among the other airlines  Lufthansa and Air France rose 2 per cent and 4 per cent respectively.READ MORERyanair chief executive Michael O’Leary last week said ticket fare prices this summer are likely to be lower than previously expected  despite previous warnings that rising costs would get passed on to airline customers.“Ryanair has really struggled to regain the territory lost following last week’s comments on pricing  which created a lot of volatility ” one trader suggested.LondonThe FTSE 100 stepped back from its recent record-breaking spell  finishing down 0.22 per cent following a broadly cautious trading session.The index opened slightly higher but dipped as traders saw an opportunity to sell stocks and take profit after hitting a fresh all-time high at the end of last week.Mining giant Anglo American saw shares edge lower after it rejected a second takeover tilt by rival BHP. Anglo American shares lifted after initial reports of the bid but dipped by 2.4 per cent to 2 707p after the likelihood of a takeover dwindled.Shares in Diploma made gains after the technical products firm  which sells items such as gaskets  increased its annual guidance.Diploma told investors it expects turnover to increase by around 16 per cent for the year  upgrading its previous forecast of 11 per cent  with profit margin also set to improve. Shares in the group rose by 4 per cent.Dublin-based food group Greencore was a standout performer on the day as it climbed 3.5 per cent.Elsewhere  the Mission Group saw shares lift by 5.73 per cent to 24p after the digital marketing firm received a takeover approach from rival firm Brave Bison. Meanwhile  Brave Bison’s stock was flat at 2.5p at the close of trading.EuropeOn the Continent  the picture was broadly similar across the other main indexes  with weaker commodity prices and below-par Chinese economic data from the weekend acting as drags.The German Dax index was down 0.18 per cent at the close and the Cac 40 in France ended down 0.12 per cent.MSCI’s gauge of stocks across the globe rose 0.2 per cent  and the Euro Stoxx 600 index was nearly flat.New YorkUS stock indexes edged higher  nearing record highs after a recent run of gains  as investors awaited key inflation figures this week to gauge the likelihood of interest rate cuts in 2024.The indexes were back near all-time highs hit in March  boosted by stronger-than-expected earnings reports  and signs of a cooling labour market that have fuelled bets of one or two rate cuts by the US Federal Reserve this year.Shares of video game retailer GameStop jumped 65 per cent after “Roaring Kitty” aka Keith Gill  a former marketer at an insurance firm credited with sparking the 2021 meme stock rally  returned to X.com after a three-year hiatus.Other highly shorted names including AMC jumped 32 per cent and Koss Corp soared 25 per cent.Alphabet slipped 1.5 per cent as Microsoft-backed OpenAI looked set to announce its artificial intelligence-powered search product.Apple added 1.6 per cent after a report said the company had closed in on an agreement with ChatGPT-maker OpenAI to use the start-up’s technology on the iPhone.– Additional reporting: Agencies,neutral,0.13,0.85,0.01,mixed,0.08,0.32,0.6,True,English,"['key US inflation data', 'Global stocks', 'investors', 'Ryanair chief executive Michael O’Leary', 'Aer Lingus parent International Airlines Group', 'artificial intelligence-powered search product', 'par Chinese economic data', 'Mining giant Anglo American', 'US inflation data', 'ticket fare prices', 'Dublin-based food group', 'weaker commodity prices', 'key inflation figures', 'cooling labour market', 'two rate cuts', 'video game retailer', 'US Federal Reserve', 'Global stock markets', 'recent record-breaking spell', 'technical products firm', 'digital marketing firm', 'interest rate cuts', '2021 meme stock rally', 'Anglo American shares', 'German Dax index', 'Euro Stoxx 600 index', 'cautious trading session', 'second takeover tilt', 'US stock indexes', 'other main indexes', 'expected earnings reports', 'other airlines', 'US indexes', 'Mission Group', 'interest rates', 'rival firm', 'recent run', 'insurance firm', 'initial reports', 'time highs', 'Spencer Platt', 'Getty Images', 'financial names', 'strong opening', 'robust flows', 'previous warnings', 'rising costs', 'airline customers', 'The FTSE 100', 'rival BHP', '2.4 per cent', 'annual guidance', '16 per cent', 'previous forecast', '11 per cent', 'standout performer', '5.73 per cent', 'takeover approach', 'Brave Bison', 'New York', 'record highs', 'Roaring Kitty', 'Keith Gill', 'former marketer', 'X.com', 'three-year hiatus', 'shorted names', 'Koss Corp', '1.6 per cent', 'Additional reporting', 'last week', 'Euronext Dublin', 'European peers', 'Air France', 'one trader', 'profit margin', 'ChatGPT-maker OpenAI', 'March', 'stronger', 'Photograph', 'Monday', 'investors', 'outlook', 'AIB', 'morning', 'gains', 'Bank', 'Ireland', '40 basis', 'Lufthansa', 'READ', 'territory', 'comments', 'pricing', 'lot', 'volatility', 'London', 'traders', 'opportunity', 'stocks', 'end', 'bid', 'likelihood', 'Diploma', 'items', 'gaskets', 'turnover', 'Greencore', 'lift', '24p', '2.5p', 'close', 'Continent', 'picture', 'drags', 'Cac', 'MSCI', 'gauge', 'globe', 'signs', 'bets', 'GameStop', 'aka', 'AMC', 'Alphabet', 'Microsoft-backed', 'Apple', 'company', 'agreement', 'start-up', 'technology', 'iPhone', 'Agencies', '2024']",2024-05-13,2024-05-14,irishtimes.com
40870,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/UNIDATA-S-P-A-104922929/news/Unidata-S-p-A-BoD-approved-the-Interim-Management-Report-of-the-Unidata-Group-as-of-31-march-2024-46708903/,Unidata S p A : BoD approved the Interim Management Report of the Unidata Group as of 31 march 2024,(marketscreener.com)   PRESS RELEASE   THE BOARD OF DIRECTORS OF UNIDATA APPROVED THE INTERIM MANAGEMENT REPORT OF   THE UNIDATA GROUP AS OF 31 MARCH 2024   MARGINS IMPROVE  IN LINE WITH THE BUSINESS PLAN OBJECTIVES THANKS TO THE   EXECUTION OF …,"PRESS RELEASE THE BOARD OF DIRECTORS OF UNIDATA APPROVED THE INTERIM MANAGEMENT REPORT OF THE UNIDATA GROUP AS OF 31 MARCH 2024 MARGINS IMPROVE  IN LINE WITH THE BUSINESS PLAN OBJECTIVES THANKS TO THE EXECUTION OF IMPORTANT HIGHLY PROFITABLE PROJECTS WHICH ENTERED THE GROUP'S SCOPE IN THE FIRST QUARTER OF 2024 EXCELLENT PERFORMANCE FOR ALL ECONOMIC INDICATORS WITH A DOUBLE-DIGIT GROWTH THE BOARD OF DIRECTORS CONFIRMED THE CHAIRMAN RENATO BRUNETTI AS CEO AND MARCELLO VISPI AS VICE-PRESIDENT  VERIFIED THE PRESENCE OF THE LEGAL AND REGULATORY REQUIREMENTS FOR THE INDEPENDENT DIRECTORS AND APPOINTED THE INTERNAL BOARD COMMITTEES Key consolidated figures Total revenues: € 25.3 million (€ 22.9 million) 1 +11% YoY€ 25.3 million (€ 22.9 million) YoY EBITDA : € 7.0 million (€ 5.3 million) +32% YoY; EBITDA Margin : 27.7% (22.3%): € 7.0 million (€ 5.3 million) YoY; : 27.7% (22.3%) EBIT: € 4.4 million (€ 3.4 million) +29% YoY; EBIT Margin : 17.4% (15.9%)€ 4.4 million (€ 3.4 million) YoY; : 17.4% (15.9%) Investments: € 3.6 millionNet Financial Debt : € 53.1 million (€ 47.9 million as of 31 December 2023): € 53.1 million (€ 47.9 million as of 31 December 2023) Number of customers: +6% compared to 31 December 2023 Roma  13 May 2024 - Unidata S.p.A. (UD.MI) (the ""Company"")  telecommunications  cloud and IoT services operator  listed on the Euronext Milan market - STAR Segment  organized and managed by Borsa Italiana S.p.A.  announces that the Board of Directors  met on today's date under the chairmanship of Renato Brunetti  examined and approved the interim management report as of 31 March 2024 of the Unidata Group  drawn up in accordance with the IAS/IFRS International Accounting Principles and not subjected to audit. 1 The values in brackets refer to the pro-forma economic data as of 31 March 2023  i.e. including the TWT Group in the consolidation for the entire period. UNIDATA S.p.A. Sede legale Roma Milano Bari unidata@pec.unidata.it Viale A. G. Eiffel 100 Viale E. Jenner 33 Viale delle Dalie 5 info@unidata.it 00148 Roma (RM). 20159 Milano (MI) 70026 Modugno (BA) C.F./P.IVA 06187081002 Tel. (+39) 06 4040 41 Tel. (+39) 02 8908 91 Tel. (+39) 06 4040 41 Capitale Soc. €. 10.000.000 i.v.PRESS RELEASE Renato Brunetti  Chairman and CEO of Unidata commented: ""We are satisfied with the extremely positive performance of all the indicators in this first quarter of 2024. The results confirm the validity of our business model and the growth trend  supported by the numerous ongoing projects  which concern both the Public Administration and the projects related to the NRRP  and which give a boost to margins  in line with our expectations and the objectives declared in the 2024-2026Business Plan. Fiber&Networking  Cloud&Datacenter and IoT&Smart Solutions remain our areas of reference  during 2024 we intend to further consolidate our position on the national territory. Furthermore  in the IoT field  by exploiting the advantages of LoRaWan® technology and our consolidated know-howin this area  we will continue to identify tenders linked to smart metering for the implementation of interventions aimed at reducing losses in water distribution networks  for the digitalisation and monitoring of the networks themselves. Finally  as communicated a few days ago  the activities of the Unitirreno project  the result of the joint venture with Azimut Libera Impresa SGR S.p.A.  are also continuing positively. The large subsea digital infrastructure project which will connect Mazara del Vallo to Genova with a hub near Roma-Fiumicinowill enter into operation starting from the second quarter of 2025"". **** MAIN CONSOLIDATED ECONOMIC-FINANCIAL RESULTS AS OF 31 MARCH 2024 The main consolidated economic-financial results as of 31 March 2024 of the Unidata Group were compared with the pro-forma results as of 31 March 2023  i.e. including in the latter the TWT Group (acquired on 28 February 2023) from 1 January to 31 March 2023. Total consolidated revenues  equal to € 25.3 million  increased by approximately 11% compared to the first 3 months of 2023 (€ 22.9 million)  thanks to continuous organic growth. EBITDA  equal to € 7.0 million  up by approximately 32% compared to the result of the same period of 2023 (€ 5.3 million) with an improving EBITDA Margin of 27.7% (23.3% in the first quarter of 2023). This improvement is mainly linked to the execution of important highly profitable projects which entered the group perimeter in the first quarter of 2024. Operating Income (EBIT)  equal to € 4.4 million  recorded an increase of 29% compared to the first 3 months of 2023 (€ 3.4 million) with an EBIT Margin equal to 17.4% (14.9% in the first quarter of 2023). The Earnings Before Taxes (EBT)  equal to € 3.3 million  increased compared to the result recorded in the first quarter of 2023 (€ 3.1 million). UNIDATA S.p.A. Sede legale Roma Milano Bari unidata@pec.unidata.it Viale A. G. Eiffel 100 Viale E. Jenner 33 Viale delle Dalie 5 info@unidata.it 00148 Roma (RM). 20159 Milano (MI) 70026 Modugno (BA) C.F./P.IVA 06187081002 Tel. (+39) 06 4040 41 Tel. (+39) 02 8908 91 Tel. (+39) 06 4040 41 Capitale Soc. €. 10.000.000 i.v.PRESS RELEASE During the first quarter of 2024  Investments of approximately € 3.6 million were made  divided into € 0.1 million in intangible assets  € 2.1 million in tangible assets  mainly connected to the infrastructure area  and approximately € 1.4 million in financial fixed assets (Unifiber S.p.A. and Unitirreno Holding S.p.A.). Net Financial Debt  for ESMA purposes  is equal to € 53.1 million compared to € 47.9 million as of 31 December 2023; the Net Financial Debt  for the purposes of calculating the financial covenants in place  is equal to € 50.7 million. The increase  compared to the previous year  is mainly linked to the contributions to the investees Unifiber and Unitirreno and to investments in the proprietary fiber optic infrastructure network. Net equity as of 31 March 2024 is equal to € 67.1 million compared to € 64.2 million as of 31 December 2023. **** REVENUES BY BUSINESS AREA Thousands of € 31/03/2024 31/03/2023 Change % (Consolidated) (Pro-forma) Consumer 1 199 977 222 23% Business 5 619 5 412 207 4% of which recurring 5 300 4 924 376 8% of which project 319 489 -170 -35% Wholesale 313 188 125 66% of which recurring 184 188 -4 -2% of which project 129 0 129 - Public Administration 3 077 119 2 958 2486% of which recurring 92 119 -27 -23% of which project 2 985 0 2 985 - Reseller 7 706 7 363 343 5% Voice Trading and voice network 1 210 1 602 -392 -24% Service Revenues 19 124 15 663 3 461 22% Wholesale IFRS 16 1 005 1 737 -732 -42% Unifiber 4 970 4 656 314 7% Materials trading -306 630 -936 -149% Infrastructure Revenues 5 669 7 024 -1 355 -19% Deferred income 209 0 209 - Other income 272 175 97 55% Total 25 275 22 861 2 414 11% UNIDATA S.p.A. Sede legale Roma Milano Bari unidata@pec.unidata.it Viale A. G. Eiffel 100 Viale E. Jenner 33 Viale delle Dalie 5 info@unidata.it 00148 Roma (RM). 20159 Milano (MI) 70026 Modugno (BA) C.F./P.IVA 06187081002 Tel. (+39) 06 4040 41 Tel. (+39) 02 8908 91 Tel. (+39) 06 4040 41 Capitale Soc. €. 10.000.000 i.v.PRESS RELEASE Service The Service revenue line  which recorded an increase of 22%  includes: revenues relating to the main business lines (Fiber & Networking  Datacenter & Cloud and IoT & Smart Solutions) divided by type of customer (Consumer  Business  Wholesale and PA);(Fiber & Networking  Datacenter & Cloud and IoT & Smart Solutions) divided by type of customer (Consumer  Business  Wholesale and PA); revenues relating to direct and indirect sales through resellers of the Group's services and to network and voice trading services. Infrastructure The Infrastructure revenue line  which recorded a decrease of 19%  includes: revenues relating to the activity of granting I.R.U. (Indefeasible Right of Use) concession rights to other operators on the fiber optic network infrastructure created by Unidata. This granting of rights was accounted for as a real transfer of the infrastructure  consistently with the provisions of the accounting standard IFRS 16;(Indefeasible Right of Use) on the fiber optic network infrastructure created by Unidata. This granting of rights was accounted for as a real transfer of the infrastructure  consistently with the provisions of the accounting standard IFRS 16; revenues for the construction of telecommunications infrastructures attributable to the works connected to the Unifiber project ;; revenues from the sale of materials to suppliers so-called ""System"" for the creation of the network referred to in the two previous points  which are shown net of the cost of repurchasing the same materials from System suppliers (""Materials trading""). **** CUSTOMERS The first quarter of 2024 confirms a growth in direct customers (+6%) compared to the last financial year. The total direct customers as of 31 March 2024 are equal to no. 24 585  compared to no. 23 137 of the previous year. The increase concerns all the main categories of customers; in particular  the Business ex Unidata and Business ex TWT customer markets recorded an increase of 5% and 2% respectively  while the Consumer Unidata customer sector recorded an increase of 7%. The number of whitelabel lines activated through the TWT partner network recorded a results in line compared to 31 December 2023  reaching 33 806 active circuits (of which 302 international) as of 31 March 2024. **** UNIDATA S.p.A. Sede legale Roma Milano Bari unidata@pec.unidata.it Viale A. G. Eiffel 100 Viale E. Jenner 33 Viale delle Dalie 5 info@unidata.it 00148 Roma (RM). 20159 Milano (MI) 70026 Modugno (BA) C.F./P.IVA 06187081002 Tel. (+39) 06 4040 41 Tel. (+39) 02 8908 91 Tel. (+39) 06 4040 41 Capitale Soc. €. 10.000.000 i.v.PRESS RELEASE EXTENSION OF FIBER OPTIC INFRASTRUCTURE During the first quarter of 2024  Unidata's fiber optic network was extended by about 350 km through the use of proprietary cables  reaching a total extension of approximately 7 150 km by 31 March 2024. Unidata's optical fiber present in buildings represents coverage of approximately 446 000 residential and business Property Units (UI)  also in various industrial and office districts. Q1 2024 FY 2023 % Variation Type of customers Number of ARPU Number of ARPU Number of ARPU Customers Customers Customers Consumer Unidata 19 613 21 18 327 22 7% -5% Business ex Unidata 2 362 360 2 253 374 5% -4% Business ex TWT 2 610 379 2 557 359 2% 6% Total 24 585 23 137 6% **** SIGNIFICANT EVENTS OCCURRED DURING THE FIRST QUARTER OF 2024 On 15 January 2024  Unidata communicates that it has been awarded in RTI and that it has signed the contract for the assignment by G.R.I.M. (Molisane Water Resources Management) of the contract for the ""Interventions aimed at reducing losses in water distribution networks  including digitalisation and monitoring of the networks"". **** SIGNIFICANT EVENTS OCCURRING AFTER THE FIRST QUARTER OF 2024 On 9 April 2024  Unidata communicates that it has been awarded in Temporary Grouping of Companies and that it has signed the contract for the assignment by Acquedotto Lucano S.p.A. of the supply contract for the implementation and management of an IoT smart water metering system for the Basilicata region. On 9 May 2024  Unidata communicates that Unitirreno Submarine Network S.p.A.  JV with the Infrastructure for ESG growth fund managed by Azimut Libera Impresa SGR S.p.A.  has made significant progress towards the completion of the work  including obtaining environmental authorizations in strategic locations of the project  crucial for establishing the main connection points within the submarine cable network  ensuring seamless integration and operation. **** UNIDATA S.p.A. Sede legale Roma Milano Bari unidata@pec.unidata.it Viale A. G. Eiffel 100 Viale E. Jenner 33 Viale delle Dalie 5 info@unidata.it 00148 Roma (RM). 20159 Milano (MI) 70026 Modugno (BA) C.F./P.IVA 06187081002 Tel. (+39) 06 4040 41 Tel. (+39) 02 8908 91 Tel. (+39) 06 4040 41 Capitale Soc. €. 10.000.000 i.v.PRESS RELEASE DELEGATION OF POWERS TO THE BOARD OF DIRECTORS The Board of Directors also met to pass some governance resolutions  also pursuant to applicable legislation and the Corporate Governance Code for listed companies (the ""Code""). In particular  today's Board confirmed Mr. Renato Brunetti as Chairman of the Company  as Managing Director of the Company  also identifying him as Chief Executive Officer for the purposes of the Code  guaranteeing full continuity in the management of the business and Mr. Marcello Vispi as Vice-President of the Company. The Chairman Renato Brunetti  as Chief Executive Officer of the Company  was also confirmed as Director in charge of the internal control and risk management system in compliance with the recommendations of the Code. The Board of Directors also granted operational delegations to the Vice-President Marcello Vispi and to the Directors Rossini and Bianchi  in continuity with those granted to them during the previous proxy. The Board of Directors  having taken note of the declarations of the Directors concerned and following the outcome of the appropriate checks and with the favourable opinion of the Board of Statutory Auditors  assessed the existence of the independence requirements established by the art. 147-ter paragraph 4 and 148 paragraph 3 of Legislative Decree 58/1998 and art. 2 of the Code  headed by the administrators Barbara Ricciardi  Alessandra Bucci  Stefania Argentieri Piuma and the administrator Luca Annibaletti. In this regard  in today's meeting  the Board of Directors  for the purposes of this assessment  also defined  according to Recommendation 7 of the Corporate Governance Code  the quantitative and qualitative criteria for assessing the significance of the relationships that may compromise the independence of the administrators. The Board of Directors also appointed the following internal board committees  deciding on the following composition of the internal board committees: Company Control and Risk Committee: Barbara Ricciardi  as President;Alessandra Bucci;Luca Annibaletti; UNIDATA S.p.A. Sede legale Roma Milano Bari unidata@pec.unidata.it Viale A. G. Eiffel 100 Viale E. Jenner 33 Viale delle Dalie 5 info@unidata.it 00148 Roma (RM). 20159 Milano (MI) 70026 Modugno (BA) C.F./P.IVA 06187081002 Tel. (+39) 06 4040 41 Tel. (+39) 02 8908 91 Tel. (+39) 06 4040 41 Capitale Soc. €. 10.000.000 i.v.PRESS RELEASE Appointments  Remuneration and Sustainability Committee: Alessandra Bucci  as President;Barbara Ricciardi;Stefania Argentieri Piuma Committee for Corporate Governance and Related Party Transactions: Stefania Argentieri Piuma  as President;Alessandra Bucci;Luca Annibaletti The Board of Directors therefore entrusted the role of Lead Independent Director to the independent Director Stefania Argentieri Piuma pursuant to the Code. **** The Manager in charge of preparing the corporate accounting documents of Unidata S.p.A.  Mr. Roberto Giacometti  certifies  pursuant to art. 154-bis  paragraph 2  of Legislative Decree 58/98 that the accounting information contained in this press release corresponds to the documentary findings  books and accounting records. **** Finally  it should be noted that the attached income statement and balance sheet represent reclassified schemes and as such are not subject to verification by the auditors. **** This press release is available on Borsa Italiana  on the ""1info"" storage mechanism (www.1info.it) and on the Company's website www.unidata.itin the Investors/Press Releases section. ******* For further information: UNIDATA S.p.A. Roberto GIACOMETTI CFO ed Investor Relations Officer +39 329 2478696 r.giacometti@unidata.it UNIDATA S.p.A. Sede legale Roma Milano Bari unidata@pec.unidata.it Viale A. G. Eiffel 100 Viale E. Jenner 33 Viale delle Dalie 5 info@unidata.it 00148 Roma (RM). 20159 Milano (MI) 70026 Modugno (BA) C.F./P.IVA 06187081002 Tel. (+39) 06 4040 41 Tel. (+39) 02 8908 91 Tel. (+39) 06 4040 41 Capitale Soc. €. 10.000.000 i.v.PRESS RELEASE Investor Relations Advisor Media Relations CDR COMMUNICATION CDR COMMUNICATION Silvia DI ROSA Angelo BRUNELLO +39 335 78 64 209 +39 329 21 17 752 silvia.dirosa@cdr-communication.it angelo.brunello@cdr-communication.it Eleonora NICOLINI Stefania TREVISOL +39 333 97 73 749 +39 347 87 82 490 eleonora.nicolini@cdr-communication.it stefania.trevisol@cdr-communication.it Specialist INTERMONTE SIM SPA Galleria de Cristoforis  7/8  20122 Milano Tel +39 02 771151 **** Unidata S.p.A.  a Telecommunications  Cloud and IoT Operator  was founded in 1985 by three partners still in the Company. With a fiber optic network of about 7 150 km in continuous expansion  a wireless network and a proprietary data center  the Unidata Group supplies over 24 500 business  wholesale and residential customers with ultra-broadband connectivity services with FTTH (Fiber to the Home) network architectures  wireless connectivity  VoIP services  Cloud services and other dedicated solutions  with a high level of reliability and security. The company is also active in the Internet of Things (IoT)  with the development and supply of solutions for the home automation and Smart City market. Unidata S.p.A. ISIN CODE: IT0005573065 (Reuters UD MI - Bloomberg UD IM) is listed on Euronext Milan - STAR segment of Borsa Italiana. Attachments: Consolidated financial situation as of 31 March 2024Consolidated income statement as of 31 March 2024 UNIDATA S.p.A. Sede legale Roma Milano Bari unidata@pec.unidata.it Viale A. G. Eiffel 100 Viale E. Jenner 33 Viale delle Dalie 5 info@unidata.it 00148 Roma (RM). 20159 Milano (MI) 70026 Modugno (BA) C.F./P.IVA 06187081002 Tel. (+39) 06 4040 41 Tel. (+39) 02 8908 91 Tel. (+39) 06 4040 41 Capitale Soc. €. 10.000.000 i.v.PRESS RELEASE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL SITUATION AS OF 31 MARCH 2024 As of 31 March As of 31 December Thousands of € 2024 2023 (Consolidated) (Consolidated) Intangible fixed assets 64 261 64 675 Tangible fixed assets 60 020 59 860 Financial fixed assets 9 159 9 360 Other non current assets 7 153 5 094 TOTAL NON CURRENT ASSETS 140 594 138 989 Inventories 5 099 4 044 Trade receivables 21 574 20 411 Other receivables 9 286 7 569 Cash and cash equivalents 6 547 12 913 TOTAL CURRENT ASSETS 42 506 44 937 TOTAL ASSETS 183 100 183 925 TOTAL EQUITY 67 111 64 609 Severance package 2 835 2 783 Non current financial liabilities 46 672 6 078 Other non current liabilities 15 081 15 508 TOTAL NON CURRENT LIABILITIES 64 589 24 370 Trade payables 22 929 23 875 Current financial liabilities 13 221 54 905 Other current liabilities 15 250 16 167 TOTAL CURRENT LIABILITIES 51 400 94 947 TOTAL LIABILITIES 183 100 183 925 UNIDATA S.p.A. Sede legale Roma Milano Bari unidata@pec.unidata.it Viale A. G. Eiffel 100 Viale E. Jenner 33 Viale delle Dalie 5 info@unidata.it 00148 Roma (RM). 20159 Milano (MI) 70026 Modugno (BA) C.F./P.IVA 06187081002 Tel. (+39) 06 4040 41 Tel. (+39) 02 8908 91 Tel. (+39) 06 4040 41 Capitale Soc. €. 10.000.000 i.v.",neutral,0.07,0.92,0.01,positive,0.68,0.3,0.02,True,English,"['Interim Management Report', 'Unidata S', 'Unidata Group', 'BoD', '31 march', 'Azimut Libera Impresa SGR S.p.A.', 'large subsea digital infrastructure project', 'Borsa Italiana S.p.A.', 'Sede legale Roma Milano Bari', 'THE BUSINESS PLAN OBJECTIVES THANKS', 'IAS/IFRS International Accounting Principles', 'C.F./P.IVA', 'Viale A. G. Eiffel', 'IMPORTANT HIGHLY PROFITABLE PROJECTS', 'Unidata S.p.A.', 'MAIN CONSOLIDATED ECONOMIC-FINANCIAL RESULTS', 'INTERIM MANAGEMENT REPORT', 'Net Financial Debt', 'Euronext Milan market', 'Viale E. Jenner', 'numerous ongoing projects', 'Mazara del Vallo', 'IoT services operator', 'Total consolidated revenues', 'continuous organic growth', 'IoT&Smart Solutions', 'pro-forma economic data', 'water distribution networks', 'INTERNAL BOARD COMMITTEES', 'improving EBITDA Margin', 'CHAIRMAN RENATO BRUNETTI', 'business model', '2024-2026Business Plan', 'Unitirreno project', 'pro-forma results', 'Total revenues', 'Viale delle', 'IoT field', 'smart metering', 'DOUBLE-DIGIT GROWTH', 'growth trend', 'The Earnings', 'PRESS RELEASE', 'FIRST QUARTER', '2024 EXCELLENT PERFORMANCE', 'ECONOMIC INDICATORS', 'MARCELLO VISPI', 'REGULATORY REQUIREMENTS', 'STAR Segment', 'entire period', 'Capitale Soc', 'positive performance', 'Public Administration', 'Fiber&Networking', 'national territory', 'LoRaWan® technology', 'joint venture', 'second quarter', 'first 3 months', 'same period', 'Operating Income', 'TWT Group', 'group perimeter', 'EBIT Margin', 'UNIDATA GROUP', 'MARGINS IMPROVE', 'Cloud&Datacenter', 'UD.MI', 'INDEPENDENT DIRECTORS', 'YoY EBITDA', '20159 Milano', '31 MARCH 2024', 'LINE', 'EXECUTION', 'SCOPE', 'CEO', 'VICE-PRESIDENT', 'PRESENCE', 'APPOINTED', 'Key', 'figures', 'Investments', '31 December', 'Number', 'customers', '13 May', 'Company', 'telecommunications', 'today', 'chairmanship', 'accordance', 'audit', 'values', 'brackets', 'consolidation', 'Dalie', '70026 Modugno', 'validity', 'NRRP', 'boost', 'expectations', 'areas', 'reference', 'position', 'advantages', 'know-howin', 'tenders', 'implementation', 'interventions', 'losses', 'digitalisation', 'monitoring', 'activities', 'Genova', 'hub', 'Roma-Fiumicinowill', 'operation', '28 February', '1 January', 'improvement', 'increase', 'Taxes', 'Tel.', '32', '29']",2024-05-13,2024-05-14,marketscreener.com
40871,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/BANCA-IFIS-S-P-A-94199/news/Banca-IFIS-S-p-A-Minutes-of-the-ordinary-shareholders-meeting-18-April-2024-46703631/,Banca IFIS S p A : Minutes of the ordinary shareholders' meeting 18 April 2024,(marketscreener.com)   BANCA IFIS S.P.A.   MINUTES OF THE ORDINARY SHAREHOLDERS MEETING   18 April 2024   On 18 April 2024 headquarters of the Company  in Venice-Mestre  at Via Terraglio n. 63   at seven minutes past ten in the morning.   THE FO…,"BANCA IFIS S.P.A. MINUTES OF THE ORDINARY SHAREHOLDERS MEETING 18 April 2024 On 18 (eighteenth) April 2024 (twenty  twenty-four) headquarters of the Company  in Venice-Mestre  at Via Terraglio n. 63 (offices with entrance from Via E. Gatta No. 11)  at seven minutes past ten in the morning. THE FOLLOWING MEETING WAS HELD the ordinary shareholders' meeting of ""BANCA IFIS S.P.A.""  with registered office in Venice-Mestre  Via Terraglio n. 63  fully paid-up share capital of 53.811.095 00 Euro (fifty-three million  eight hundred and eleven thousand and ninety-five Euro and zero cents)  divided up into 53.811.095 (fifty-three million  eight hundred and eleven thousand and ninety-five) ordinary shares worth one euro each  tax code and Venice-Rovigo Companies Register number 02505630109  Group VAT number 04570150278  Economic and Administrative Index no. 0247118  member of the Interbank Deposit Protection Fund  Italian Banking Association code number 3205.2  enrolled in the Banking Register at no. 5508  Parent Company of the Banca IFIS Banking Group  listed on the Euronext Milan - Euronext STAR Milan segment - managed by ""Borsa Italiana S.p.a."" (hereinafter also the ""Company"" or the ""Bank""). CHAIRING THE MEETING The Chairman of the Board of Directors  ERNESTO FÜRSTENBERG FASSIO  born in Genoa (GE) on 23 February 1981  domiciled for this purpose at the Company's registered office (hereinafter the ""Chairman"")  took the chair of the Shareholders' Meeting pursuant to the current Articles of Association and the Shareholders' Meeting Regulations  and - after having first communicated that the Company has decided to avail itself  in compliance with the applicable provisions of law  of the right to provide that attendance at the Shareholders' Meeting and the exercise of voting rights by shareholders take place exclusively through the Representative appointed pursuant to Article 135-undecies of Legislative Decree no. 58/1998 (the ""Consolidated Law on Finance"" or the ""CLF"") and after having extended a warm welcome to all those present  also on behalf of the Board of Directors  the Board of Statutory Auditors and the Company's staff - asked  without any objections being raised  Stefano Bandieramonte  notary public  to take the minutes of the meeting (even though they were not notarial minutes) and therefore to act as secretary (hereinafter the ""Secretary"") of the meeting convened to discuss and resolve on the following AGENDA: Financial Statements for the year as at 31 December 2023: 1.1) Approval of the financial statements as at 31 December2023  presentation of the consolidated financial statements as at 31 December 2023 and the consolidated non-financial statement pursuant to Italian Legislative Decree No. 254 of 30/12/2016 - Sustainability Report; 1.2) Allocation of the operating result; related and consequent resolutions; 2) Remuneration: 2.1) Report on Remuneration Policy and compensation paid in accordance with Art. 123-ter of Legislative Decree No. 58/1998: approval of Section I - Remuneration and Incentive Policy of the Banca Ifis Group 2024; 2.2) Report on Remuneration Policy and compensation paid in accordance with Art. 123-ter of Legislative Decree No. 58/1998: non-binding resolution on Section II - Disclosure of remuneration paid in FY 2023; related and consequent resolutions; Appointment of a director. Related and consequent resolutions.The Chairman therefore asked the Secretary to read out certain warnings  before the agenda  and to confirm that the preliminary formalities necessary for the purpose of ascertaining that it had been duly convened and that quorum requirements had been met  allowing it to duly form and resolve.That indicated was accordingly read out and  consequently:- that the Company has decided to avail itself of the option provided for by the regulations in force to provide that the participation in the Shareholders' Meeting and the exercise of voting rights by the shareholders shall take place exclusively through the representative appointed pursuant to Article 135- undecies of Legislative Decree No. 58/1998 (the ""Consolidated Law on Finance"" or the ""CLF"")  to whom proxies or sub-proxies may also be conferred pursuant to Article 135- novies of the Consolidated Law on Finance  with no access being granted to the premises of the meeting by shareholders or any representatives thereof other than such designated representative  and that  therefore  it has been decided that the meeting would take place with participation in the Shareholders Meeting  for the entitled persons  also (or exclusively) through the use of remote conferencing systems that allow for their identification  in the manner in which they are communicated individually  in compliance with the applicable provisions in force;- that the Shareholders' Meeting is recorded for the sole purpose of facilitating the drafting of the minutes and that the recordings  once the minutes have been completed  will be erased; it is specified that the processing of personal data is carried out in compliance with current legislation (EU Regulation no. 2016/679)  it being understood that  as providedfor by Article 6 of the Shareholders' Meeting regulations  no other recording equipment of any kind  including photographic equipment and similar devices and mobile phones  could be brought into the location where the meeting was being held  without the Chairman's specific authorisation; that this Shareholders' Meeting has been duly convened  in a single call  for 18 April 2024 at 10:00 at the Company's registered office in Venice-Mestre  at the premises with access from Via Gatta 11  by notice made available to the public at the Bank's registered office and at the authorised storage mechanism www.emarketstorage.com as well as on the Company's website and published in extracts in the daily newspaper ""Italia Oggi""  on 15 March 2024;Venice-Mestre  at the premises with access from Via Gatta 11  by notice made available to the public at the Bank's registered office and at the authorised storage mechanism www.emarketstorage.com as well as on the Company's website and published in extracts in the daily newspaper ""Italia Oggi""  on 15 March 2024; that the notice of meeting indicated the right of shareholders  if the conditions are met  to request the supplementation of the agenda and submit new resolution proposals pursuant to Art. 126- bis of the CLF and that this right has not been exercised by any shareholder;126- of the CLF and that this right has not been exercised by any shareholder; that  for the purposes of this shareholders' meeting  theCompany has identified Società Monte Titoli S.p.A. as the shareholders' representative designated by the Company  pursuant to Art. 135- undecies of the CLF (the ""DesignatedRepresentative"" or ""Monte Titoli"")  to whom the shareholders had the power to grant proxies pursuant to Art. 135- undecies of the CLF  without charge to them and proxies or sub-proxies pursuant to Article 135- novies of the CLF. The Designated Representative reported that there were 255 (two hundred and fifty-five) entitled shareholders attending the Shareholders' Meeting through the Designated Representative for a total of 36.459.215 (thirty-six million  four hundred and fifty-nine thousand  two hundred and fifteen) ordinary shares  duly deposited and entitled  representing 67 754% (sixty-seven point seven  five  four percent) of 53.811.095 (fifty-three million  eight hundred and eleven thousand and ninety-five) ordinary shares constituting the share capital  with the specification that the names of the shareholders  correlated by their respective number of shares  result from the document ( report ) attached hereto as Annex A ( list of shareholders );Company has identified Società Monte Titoli S.p.A. as the shareholders' representative designated by the Company  pursuant to Art. 135- of the CLF (the ""Designated Representative"" or ""Monte Titoli"")  to whom the shareholders had the power to grant proxies pursuant to Art. 135- of the CLF  without charge to them and proxies or sub-proxies pursuant to Article 135- of the CLF. The Designated Representative reported that there were 255 (two hundred and fifty-five) entitled shareholders attending the Shareholders' Meeting through the Designated Representative for a total of 36.459.215 (thirty-six million  four hundred and fifty-nine thousand  two hundred and fifteen) ordinary shares  duly deposited and entitled  representing 67 754% (sixty-seven point seven  five  four percent) of 53.811.095 (fifty-three million  eight hundred and eleven thousand and ninety-five) ordinary shares constituting the share capital  with the specification that the names of the shareholders  correlated by their respective number of shares  result from the document ( ) attached hereto as Annex A ( ); that the Designated Representative  attending in the person of Emanuele Ramilli  born in Barcelona on 30 October 1979  participating via the use of a remote conferencing system in accordance with current applicable provisions  communicated that it has no interests  in its own name or on behalf of third parties  in the draft resolutions on the agenda;that  in view of the manner in which this Meeting is being held  no questions are to be asked today and that on 26 March 2024 questions were received from the shareholder Marco Bava  which were answered by means of publication on the Bank's website www.bancaifis.it  section ""About Us/CorporateGovernance/Shareholders' Meeting"" by 3 trading days prior to the Shareholders' Meeting; the document containing the questions and their answers is in any case attached to these minutes as Annex B; that records and documents were filed  the notices required by law were issued  and market disclosure obligations were fulfilled;that the current fully paid-up share capital is 53.811.095 00 Euro  represented by 53.811.095 ordinary registered shares of 1 Euro each;paid-up share capital is 53.811.095 00 Euro  represented by 53.811.095 ordinary registered shares of 1 Euro each; that in order to obtain the ticket for admission to the Shareholders' Meeting  in accordance with Art. 9 of the Articles of Association  the communications of intermediaries regarding the shares had been produced;that pursuant to current personal data protection provisions  the personal data of the Shareholders' Meeting's participants are collected and processed by the Bank exclusively for the purposes of fulfilling Company and Shareholders' Meeting obligations  in such a way that guarantees that the data will be kept secure and confidential;that at 10:16  the shareholders indicated in the document attached hereto were in attendance  exclusively through the Designated Representative  and that therefore a total of 36.459.215 (thirty-six million  four hundred and fifty-nine thousand  two hundred and fifteen) shares with voting rights were represented at the Shareholders' Meeting  representing  by rounding off  67 75% (sixty-seven point seven  five percent) of the share capital;(thirty-six million  four hundred and fifty-nine thousand  two hundred and fifteen) shares with voting rights were represented at the Shareholders' Meeting  representing  by rounding off  67 75% (sixty-seven point seven  five percent) of the share capital; that  in any case  during the Shareholders Meeting  up-to- date information regarding attendance would be communicated prior to voting;up-to- date information regarding attendance would be communicated prior to voting; that  to this end  to ensure that the minutes are correct  shareholders were asked  as far as possible  to remain connected and not to leave  asking those who need to leave the meeting  to have this fact acknowledged;that  pursuant to the Shareholders' Meeting Regulations and current legislation and regulations on the matter  the legitimacy of those present to contribute and vote in theShareholders' Meeting had been verified;Shareholders' Meeting had been verified; that as of today  according to the results of the Shareholders Book  supplemented by the communications received pursuant to art. 120 of the CLF  and by other information made available  showed that the shareholder with a shareholding greater than the legal threshold (3%) of the subscribed share capital and represented by shares with voting rights is:""LA SCOGLIERA SA""  holder of 27.174.347 ordinary shares equal to 50 50% of the share capital;Riccardo Preve  holder of 1.786.000 ordinary shares equal to 3 319% of the share capital  including 1.600.000 ordinaryshares through Preve Costruzioni S.p.A. that no agreements were brought to the Company's attention regarding art. 122 of the CLF;- that as at the record date (i.e. at 09 April 2024)  the Company holds 1.343.018 treasury shares (equal to 2 496% of share capital)  for which voting rights are suspended pursuant to art. 2357- ter   paragraph 2 of the Civil Code. At today's date  the rights to vote exercisable in the Shareholders'Meeting are  therefore  52.468.077. Treasury shares are however computed in capital in order to calculate the shares required for Shareholders' Meeting constitution and resolutions;- that the honorary Chairman (hereinafter also the ""Founding Member"") Sebastian Egon Fürstenber was in attendance;- that of the Board of Directors  Ernesto Fürstenberg Fassio  Simona Arduini  Frederik Herman Geertman  Antonella Malinconico  Beatrice Colleoni  Roberto Diacetti  Roberta Gobbi  Giovanni Meruzzi  Monica Regazzi  Paola Paoloni and Luca Lo Giudice were present in the room  at the place to which the Shareholders' Meeting had been convened and held  in compliance with the current and applicable provisions;- that Director Monica Billio had sent her apologies;- that the Chairman  Andrea Balelli  and the Standing Auditors Franco Olivetti and Annunziata Melaccio were present for the Board of Statutory Auditors in the room  at the place to which the Shareholders' Meeting had been convened and held  in accordance with current and applicable regulations;- that  in accordance with the law  available to the shareholders at the company office and on the website www.bancaifis.it  in the ""Corporate Governance/Shareholders' Meeting"" section  were the documents and information pursuant to Art. 125- quater of the CLF;- that  in accordance with the law  the documents relating to the proposals concerning the items on the agenda pursuant to Art. 125- ter of the CLF of this Shareholders' Meeting was made available to the public within the terms of the law at the Company's registered office and the authorised eMarket Storage mechanism www.emarketstorage.com  as well as on the website www.bancaifis.it under ""Corporate Governance/Shareholders' Meeting"";- that  in particular  among the documents made available to the public within the terms and in the manner prescribed by law as indicated above were the Board of Directors' Explanatory Report on proposals concerning items on the agenda pursuant to Art. 125 ter of the Consolidated Law on Finance  was also made available;that the shareholders have had the possibility  having the right  to view all deeds deposited in the registered office and have been able to receive a copy;- that present in the room was Giuseppe Rumi  as the Bank'sreference lawyer; present in the room were General Counsel Lucia Martinoli  Rosalba Benedetto (Director of Communications  Marketing  Public Affairs & Sustainability - Chief of Staff and Chairman's Communication) and the two Co-General Managers (Raffaele Zingone Co-General Manager Chief Commercial Officer and Fabio Lanza Co-General Manager Chief Operating Officer);Co-General Managers (Raffaele Zingone Co-General Manager Chief Commercial Officer and Fabio Lanza Co-General Manager Chief Operating Officer); that a number of the Company's employees were present in the room for operational reasons  and also to assist the Company in recording the presence of shareholders and the votes;that the Shareholders' Meeting Regulations  including the technical procedures for managing meeting works and voting  would be rigorously applied to this Shareholders' Meeting  as far as they are compatible with the current meeting method used in compliance with current regulations;that the remote conferencing methods used enable the Company to verify: whether or not this Shareholders' Meeting has been correctly constituted  the identity and legitimacy of the participating individuals  and whether or not voting and declaration of results have been correctly performed;that votes be carried out by open ballot;that the names of those who have not voted  voted against  abstained or instructed the Designated Representative not to participate in one or more votes  would be listed in the annexes to the minutes below;that the Chairman asked the Secretary to invite participants  prior to discussing the topics on the agenda  to declare  as of now  if they do not have the right to vote in accordance with current legislation and regulations  which require that: i. anyone with a direct or indirect shareholding in a Company with shares listed on the Italian Stock Exchange which is greater than the threshold set by applicable legislation (and specifically 3% of the share capital with voting rights) must communicate this in writing to the Company and to CONSOB; ii. any acquisition of shareholdings in banks that  in view of those already held  results in: a) a shareholding equal to or greater than 10%  or reaching or exceeding thresholds of 20%  33% and 50% of the share capital or voting rights; b) the ability to exercise significant influence over the bank's management; c) control of the bank  regardless of the size of shareholding  is subject to specific legal obligations and must be reported to the Bank of Italy;iii. holders of significant shareholdings in banks must satisfy the integrity requirements set out in applicable legislation and regulations and  if these requirements are not met  voting rights relating to shareholdings that exceed the thresholds of participation established by the regulations may not be exercised.It was therefore declared that  based on the informationavailable regarding rights to vote  the required checks were made and nobody declared that they were not entitled to vote and that  therefore  this Shareholders' Meeting was validly constituted and able to resolve on the items on the agenda. Since all documentation had been made available to the public well in advance of the date of the meeting  it was proposed  unless otherwise requested by other attendees  not to read it out to the meeting. ***** The Chairman therefore moved on to the first item on the agenda of the Shareholders' Meeting Financial Statements for the year as at 31 December 2023: 1.1) Approval of the financial statements as at 31 December 2023  presentation of the consolidated financial statements as at 31 December 2023 and the consolidated non-financial statement pursuant to Italian Legislative Decree No. 254 of 30/12/2016 - Sustainability Report;1.2) Allocation of the operating result; related and consequent resolutionswhich is jointly covered  given the close connection  even if the vote will take place separately  according to what is indicated in the proxy/sub-proxy forms to the Designated Representative.The Chairman then invited the Chief Executive Officer  Frederik Herman Geertman  to take the floor and speak on this agenda item.ADDRESS BY THE CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER:I would like to thank the Chairman and explain that the net profit attributable to the Parent Company of the Banca Ifis Group as at 31 December 2023 amounted to 160 1 million Euro  an increase of 13 5% compared to the previous year's figure (141 1 million Euro in 2022).In particular  the main dynamics of the reclassified consolidated economic figures are shown below:The Banca Ifis Group's net banking income amounted to 704 6 million Euro  up 3 5% compared to the previous year  thanks to the positive contributions of the Commercial & Corporate Banking Segment  up 8 2% in all business areas  and the Npl Segment  up 3 6%  which more than offset the decrease recorded by the Non-Core  Governance and Services Segment (-15 9%) due mainly to the negative effect of the increase in the cost of funding.In particular  the Npl Segment totalled 294 5 million Euro  up by 10 2 million Euro compared to the previous year  mainly as a result of the greater contribution from standard interest  the good performance of the out-of-court area and the entry of Revalea into the Banca Ifis Group (which took place on 31 October 2023)  which more than offset the lower contribution from legal management linked to the adjustments made to thecurves to take into account  among others  the effects of the reduction in the 'legal interest rate'. The good performance of the Commercial & Corporate Banking Segment reflects  on the one hand  the Group's positive correlation to rising interest rates and  on the other hand  the dynamism of the Group's commercial network  which allowed business to grow despite lower demand for credit due to higher interest rates: in 2023 Factoring turnover grew by 1 4% and Leasing disbursements by 4 0%. Net credit risk losses of 52 4 million Euro are down 25 1 million Euro compared to December 2022. The change is mainly due to the dynamics recorded in 2023 in terms of significant recoveries on positions written down or written off included adjustments of 21 7 million Euro on the Npl Segment due to the regulatory change related to the raising of the minimum threshold for the attachment of pensions. Operating costs totalled 405 8 million Euro  showing a 4 0% increase on the 390 4 million Euro at 31 December 2022. More specifically  personnel expenses  at 163 8 million Euro  increase by 8 6%  which can be attributed to the increase in personnel  higher variable remuneration and incremental costs pertaining to 2023 linked to the renewal of the National Collective Bargaining Agreement (CCNL) for bank employees. Other administrative expenses amount to 249 4 million Euro  substantially in line with 31 December 2022  and included the contribution of the newly acquired Revalea in the amount of 4 2 million Euro (relating to the two months pertaining to the Banca Ifis Group  i.e. November and December 2023). The reclassified cost/income ratio totals 57 6%  essentially stable compared to 57 4% in December 2022. Net allocations to the provisions for liabilities and charges in 2023 show a cost of 6 9 million Euro compared to a cost of 0 4 million Euro in the previous year. This change is mainly attributable to the release in 2002 of 5 9 million Euro on the provisions for risks related to GACS credit assignment transactions. ""Non-recurring expenses and income"" include the cost and revenue items deemed as ""non-recurring"". The net balance at 31 December 2023 is negative for 2 9 million Euro following inclusion of the non-recurring operating costs directly or indirectly related to the acquisition of Revalea  totalling 11 5 million Euro  only partly offset by the ""gain on bargain purchase"" calculated in accordance with IFRS 3  amounting to 8 5 million Euro. Turning to the reclassified consolidated balance sheet figures  balance sheet assets  amounting to 14 1 billion Euro  increased overall by 5 9% compared to 31 December 2022 mainly as a result of the growth of 435 2 million Euro (+4 3%) in receivables due from customers  which was accompanied by the growth of 254 4million Euro in cash and cash equivalents and the contribution of loans to banks  up by approximately 72 million Euro mainly as a result of the increase in debt securities to banks held in the Held to Collect portfolio. In particular  receivables due from customers amounted to 10 6 billion Euro  and included debt securities of 2 0 billion Euro (up by 1 9 billion Euro  +4 8%  compared to the end-2022 figure of 1 9 billion Euro). All the Group's Business Segments contributed to the growth of the item  starting with the Commercial & Corporate Banking Segment  which recorded an increase of 3 8% (following the positive contribution of all the Factoring  Leasing and Corporate Banking & Lending Business Areas)  the Governance & Services and Non-Core Segment  which grew by 60 4 million Euro (mainly due to the growth of the debt securities portfolio)  and the Npl Segment  which grew by 8 3%  also thanks to the receivables acquired as a result of the Revalea business combination. As regards the liabilities on the consolidated balance sheet  total funding at end 2023 amounts to 11 8 billion Euro  up 6 2% compared to 31 December 2022  which is represented for 49 2% by payables due to customers (45 8% as at 31 December 2022)  23 0% payables due to banks (30 7% as at 31 December 2022)  and 27 8% debt securities issued (23 4% as of 31 December 2022). In terms of the change in the funding mix  there was a decrease in payables due to banks (-20 6% compared to December 2022) as a result of the repayment of LTRO lines of around 300 million Euro and a first tranche of TLTRO III lines for 512 million Euro  which was more than offset by the increase in both amounts due to customers as a result of retail funding (which amounted to 4 5 billion Euro  +7 6% compared to December 2022) and repurchase agreements (+296 3 million Euro compared to December 2022) and securities issued. The latter increased by 684 million Euro following the issuance of two senior bonds  totalling 600 million Euro  which more than offset the redemption of a bond maturing in April 2023 for a nominal amount of 300 million Euro. Also worth mentioning is the increase resulting from the securities issued by the Indigo Lease vehicle for approximately 400 million Euro related to the restructuring of the operation in Q3 2023. Consolidated equity at 31 December 2023 totals 1.693 7 million Euro  up 6 0% on the 1.597 8 million Euro booked at end 2022. This increase was mainly driven by the period profit attributable to the Parent company of 160 1 million Euro  only partially offset by the payment of the balance of the 2022 dividend in the amount of 21 0 million Euro and the payment of the 2023 interim dividend in the amount of 63 0 million Euro. The regulatory ratios for the Banca Ifis Group amount to a CET1 ratio of 14 87% (compared with 15 01% at 31 December 2022)  a TIER1 ratio of 14 87% (15 02% at 31 December 2022) and a Total",neutral,0.01,0.98,0.01,negative,0.16,0.34,0.5,True,English,"['Banca IFIS S', ""ordinary shareholders' meeting"", 'Minutes', 'April', 'BANCA IFIS S.P.A. MINUTES', 'Borsa Italiana S.p.a', 'Interbank Deposit Protection Fund', 'ERNESTO FÜRSTENBERG FASSIO', 'Banca IFIS Banking Group', 'Euronext STAR Milan segment', 'Italian Banking Association code', 'Banca Ifis Group', 'Group VAT number', 'up share capital', 'five) ordinary shares', 'remote conferencing systems', 'Venice-Rovigo Companies Register', 'consolidated non-financial statement', 'Via E. Gatta', 'Italian Legislative Decree', 'consolidated financial statements', 'ORDINARY SHAREHOLDERS MEETING', ""ordinary shareholders' meeting"", 'Euronext Milan', ""Shareholders' Meeting Regulations"", 'Banking Register', 'tax code', 'Via Terraglio', 'seven minutes', 'notarial minutes', 'Consolidated Law', 'four) headquarters', 'registered office', 'zero cents', 'Administrative Index', 'current Articles', 'applicable provisions', 'voting rights', 'warm welcome', 'Statutory Auditors', 'Stefano Bandieramonte', 'notary public', 'operating result', 'consequent resolutions', 'Section I', 'Incentive Policy', 'non-binding resolution', 'preliminary formalities', 'quorum requirements', 'entitled persons', 'personal data', 'current legislation', 'EU Regulation', 'FOLLOWING MEETING', 'ninety-five Euro', 'one euro', 'following AGENDA', 'Remuneration Policy', 'Article 135-undecies', 'Sustainability Report', 'sole purpose', 'Parent Company', '00 Euro', 'THE', 'April', 'eighteenth', 'twenty', 'Venice-Mestre', 'offices', 'entrance', 'morning', 'three', 'Economic', 'Chairman', 'Board', 'Directors', 'Genoa', '23 February', 'compliance', 'attendance', 'exercise', 'place', 'Representative', 'Finance', 'CLF', 'behalf', 'staff', 'objections', 'secretary', 'year', '31 December', 'Approval', 'presentation', '30/12', 'Allocation', 'related', 'compensation', 'accordance', 'Art.', 'Disclosure', 'FY', 'Appointment', 'warnings', 'resolve', 'option', 'force', 'participation', 'proxies', 'access', 'premises', 'use', 'identification', 'manner', 'drafting', 'recordings', 'processing', '18', '53.', '1.095']",2024-05-13,2024-05-14,marketscreener.com
40872,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/EUROCASTLE-INVESTMENT-LIM-13218085/news/Eurocastle-Releases-First-Quarter-2024-Interim-Management-Statement-and-Announces-Annual-General-Mee-46703625/,Eurocastle Releases First Quarter 2024 Interim Management Statement and Announces Annual General Meeting to be held on 12 June 2024,(marketscreener.com) Contact:         Oak Fund Services LimitedCompany AdministratorAttn: Hannah CrockerTel: +44 1481 723450         Eurocastle Releases First Quarter 2024 Interim Management Statement and Announces Annual General Meeting to be held on 12 June…,"Contact:Oak Fund Services (Guernsey) LimitedCompany AdministratorAttn: Hannah CrockerTel: +44 1481 723450Eurocastle Releases First Quarter 2024 Interim Management Statement andAnnounces Annual General Meeting to be held on 12 June 2024Guernsey  13 May 2024 – Eurocastle Investment Limited (Euronext Amsterdam: ECT) (“Eurocastle” or the “Company”) today has released its interim management statement for the quarter ended 31 March 2024.ADJUSTED NET ASSET VALUE (“NAV”) 1 of €11.09 million  or €11.11 per share 2 (€11.10 million  or €11.12 per share as at Q4 2023).of €11.09 million  or €11.11 per share (€11.10 million  or €11.12 per share as at Q4 2023). IFRS NAV of €21.6 million  or €21.66 per share (€21.7 million  or €21.77 per share as at Q4 2023).Q4 2023 NAV Q1 FV Movement Q1 2024 NAV €’m € p.s. €’m € p.s. €’m € p.s. New Investment Strategy - Greece 0.10 0.10 - - 0.10 0.10Legacy Italian Real Estate Funds 0.08 0.08 (0.01) (0.01) 0.07 0.07 Net Corporate Cash3 17.83 17.86 (0.10) (0.10) 17.73 17.76 Legacy German Tax Asset 3.73 3.73 - - 3.73 3.73 IFRS NAV 21.74 21.77 (0.11) (0.11) 21.63 21.66 Additional Reserves4 (10.64) (10.65) 0.10 0.10 (10.54) (10.55) Adjusted NAV11.10 11.12(0.01)(0.01)11.0911.11Ordinary shares outstanding 998 555 998 555As at 31 March 2024  the Company’s assets comprise:€17.7 million  or €17.76 per share  of net corporate cash3 which is primarily available to fund new investments under the New Investment Strategy.A deposit of €0.1 million  or €0.10 per share  paid in connection with the Company’s first investment under the New Investment Strategy.A tax asset of €3.7 million  or €3.73 per share  representing amounts paid in relation to additional tax assessed against a German property subsidiary. The Company is currently appealing the assessment through the German fiscal court and expects the matter will eventually be resolved in the Company’s favour.Residual interests in two legacy Italian Real Estate Fund Investments with an NAV of €0.07 million  or €0.07 per share  where the underlying apartments are now all sold with both funds currently in liquidation.BUSINESS UPDATESNew Investment Strategy – Eurocastle remains on track to close its first acquisition under the New Investment Strategy in Q2 2024  subject to certain conditions precedent. As previously announced  Eurocastle has agreed to acquire part of a boutique retail complex in an affluent part of Athens  Greece. The total expected investment is approximately €6.3 million  of which Eurocastle’s share is approximately €5.0 million. In parallel with executing this first investment  the Company has been underwriting a number of additional opportunities.– Eurocastle remains on track to close its first acquisition under the New Investment Strategy in Q2 2024  subject to certain conditions precedent. As previously announced  Eurocastle has agreed to acquire part of a boutique retail complex in an affluent part of Athens  Greece. The total expected investment is approximately €6.3 million  of which Eurocastle’s share is approximately €5.0 million. In parallel with executing this first investment  the Company has been underwriting a number of additional opportunities. In addition  Eurocastle has made significant progress on establishing an investment structure through which it expects to invest alongside selected external co-investors. The Company has recently commenced the pre-marketing phase of launching a Luxembourg regulated fund with a first close targeted by the end of Q2 2024. In addition to generating attractive risk adjusted returns on its share of any investments made through the fund  Eurocastle anticipates also receiving market standard management and incentive fees from the external investors.Additional Reserves - The Company reduced these reserves from €10.6 million to €10.5 million  or €10.55 per share  during the quarter  with the reduction of €0.1 million reflecting reserves being utilised in line with anticipated costs. As at 31 March 2024  of the total Additional Reserves of €10.5 million  €5.4 million related to the legacy German tax matter with the balance of approximately €5.1 million in place to allow for future costs and potential liabilities while the Company establishes in parallel the New Investment Strategy.Income Statement for the Quarter ended 31 March 2024 and Quarter ended 31 March 2023 (unaudited)IncomeStatement IncomeStatement Q1 2024 Q1 2023 € Thousands € Thousands Portfolio Returns Legacy Italian NPLs & Other Loans realised gain - 2 Legacy Real Estate Funds unrealised fair value movement (10) 13 Fair value movement on Italian investments (10) 15 Other income 4 2 Interest income 146 70 Total income 141 87 Operating Expenses Manager base and incentive fees 20 30 Remaining operating expenses 227 257 Other operating expenses 247 287 Total expenses 247 287 (Loss) for the period (106) (200) € per share (0.11) (0.20)Balance Sheet and Adjusted NAV Reconciliation as at 31 March 2024 and as at 31 December 202431 March 2024Total€ Thousands 31 December 2024Total€ Thousands Assets Other assets 171 210 Legacy German tax asset 3 727 3 727 Investments – Legacy Real Estate Funds 72 82 Cash  cash equivalents and treasury investments: Cash and cash equivalents 18 023 13 951 Treasury Investments - 4 236 Total assets 21 993 22 206 Liabilities Trade and other payables 339 425 Manager base and incentive fees 20 41 Total liabilities 359 466 IFRS Net Asset Value 21 634 21 740 Liquidation cash reserve (5 100) (5 185) Legacy German tax cash reserve (1 713) (1 728) Legacy German tax asset reserve (3 727) (3 727) Adjusted NAV 11 094 11 100 Adjusted NAV (€ per Share) 11 11 11 12NOTICE: This announcement contains inside information for the purposes of the Market Abuse Regulation 596/2014.ANNUAL GENERAL MEETINGThe Company will hold its Annual General Meeting on Wednesday  12 June 2024  at the Company’s registered office at 2:00 pmGuernsey time (3:00 pm CET). Notices and proxy statements will be posted on 28 May 2024 to shareholders of record at close of business on 26 May 2024.ADDITIONAL INFORMATIONFor investment portfolio information  please refer to the Company’s most recent Financial Report  which is available on the Company’s website (www.eurocastleinv.com).Terms not otherwise defined in this announcement shall have the meaning given to them in the Circular.ABOUT EUROCASTLEEurocastle Investment Limited (“Eurocastle” or the “Company”) is a publicly traded closed-ended investment company. On 8 July 2022  the Company announced the relaunch of its investment activity and is currently in the early stages of pursuing its new strategy by initially focusing on opportunistic real estate in Greece with a plan to expand across Southern Europe. For more information regarding Eurocastle Investment Limited and to be added to our email distribution list  please visit www.eurocastleinv.com.FORWARD LOOKING STATEMENTSThis release contains statements that constitute forward-looking statements. Such forward-looking statements may relate to  among other things  future commitments to sell real estate and achievement of disposal targets  availability of investment and divestment opportunities  timing or certainty of completion of acquisitions and disposals  the operating performance of our investments and financing needs. Forward-looking statements are generally identifiable by use of forward-looking terminology such as “may”  “will”  “should”  “potential”  “intend”  “expect”  “endeavour”  “seek”  “anticipate”  “estimate”  “overestimate”  “underestimate”  “believe”  “could”  “project”  “predict”  ""project""  “continue”  “plan”  “forecast” or other similar words or expressions. Forward-looking statements are based on certain assumptions  discuss future expectations  describe future plans and strategies  contain projections of results of operations or of financial condition or state other forward-looking information. The Company’s ability to predict results or the actual effect of future plans or strategies is limited. Although the Company believes that the expectations reflected in such forward-looking statements are based on reasonable assumptions  its actual results and performance may differ materially from those set forth in the forward-looking statements. These forward-looking statements are subject to risks  uncertainties and other factors that may cause the Company’s actual results in future periods to differ materially from forecasted results or stated expectations including the risks regarding Eurocastle’s ability to declare dividends or achieve its targets regarding asset disposals or asset performance.1 In light of the Realisation Plan announced in 2019  the Adjusted NAV as at 31 March 2024 reflects additional reserves for future costs and potential liabilities  which have not been accounted for under the IFRS NAV. No commitments for these future costs and potential liabilities existed as at 31 March 2024.2 Per share calculations for Eurocastle throughout this document are based on 998 555 shares  unless otherwise stated.3 Reflects corporate cash net of accrued liabilities and other assets.4 Reserves that were put in place when the Company realised the majority of its investment assets in 2019 in order for the Company to continue in operation and fund its future costs and potential liabilities. These reserves are not accounted for under IFRS.",neutral,0.02,0.97,0.01,neutral,0.03,0.94,0.03,True,English,"['First Quarter 2024 Interim Management Statement', 'Annual General Meeting', 'Eurocastle', '12 June', 'two legacy Italian Real Estate Fund Investments', 'Legacy Italian Real Estate Funds', '2 Legacy Real Estate Funds', 'First Quarter 2024 Interim Management Statement', 'unrealised fair value movement', 'Legacy German Tax Asset', 'Operating Expenses Manager base', 'NAV Q1 FV Movement', 'legacy German tax matter', 'ADJUSTED NET ASSET VALUE', 'Income Statement Income Statement', 'Legacy Italian NPLs', '13 Fair value movement', 'market standard management', 'Oak Fund Services', 'German property subsidiary', 'German fiscal court', 'Luxembourg regulated fund', 'Net Corporate Cash3', 'Annual General Meeting', 'boutique retail complex', 'New Investment Strategy', 'Other operating expenses', 'Adjusted NAV Reconciliation', 'Limited Company Administrator', 'Italian investments', 'Thousands Portfolio Returns', 'Eurocastle Investment Limited', 'new investments', 'total Additional Reserves', 'additional tax', 'Other income', 'first investment', 'Interest income', 'first acquisition', 'investment structure', 'Total expenses', 'Other Loans', 'Total income', 'Additional Reserves4', 'additional opportunities', 'Hannah Crocker', 'Euronext Amsterdam', 'Ordinary shares', 'Residual interests', 'underlying apartments', 'BUSINESS UPDATES', 'significant progress', 'external co', 'pre-marketing phase', 'attractive risk', 'incentive fees', 'potential liabilities', 'affluent part', 'external investors', 'future costs', 'Balance Sheet', 'The Company', 'IFRS NAV', 'Contact', 'Guernsey', 'Attn', 'Tel', '12 June', '13 May', 'ECT', 'Q4', 'Greece', '31 March', 'assets', 'deposit', 'amounts', 'relation', 'assessment', 'favour', 'liquidation', 'track', 'Q2', 'conditions', 'precedent', 'Athens', 'parallel', 'number', 'end', 'reduction', 'line', 'place', 'gain', 'Loss', 'period', '31 December', '15', '257']",2024-05-13,2024-05-14,marketscreener.com
40873,EuroNext,Bing API,https://www.djournal.com/news/nation-world/nanobiotix-announces-us-fda-protocol-acceptance-for-new-randomized-phase-2-study-evaluating/article_d9d4329f-0e26-5143-98d0-a016010a8cd1.html,NANOBIOTIX Announces US FDA Protocol Acceptance for New Randomized Phase 2 Study Evaluating ...,NANOBIOTIX (Euronext: NANO –– NASDAQ: NBTX – the ‘‘Company’’)  a late-clinical stage biotechnology company pioneering nanoparticle-based therapeutic approaches to expand,NANOBIOTIX (Euronext: NANO –– NASDAQ: NBTX – the ‘‘Company’’)  a late-clinical stage biotechnology company pioneering nanoparticle-based therapeutic approaches to expand,neutral,0.04,0.95,0.01,neutral,0.01,0.98,0.0,True,English,"['US FDA Protocol Acceptance', 'New Randomized Phase 2 Study', 'NANOBIOTIX', 'late-clinical stage biotechnology company', 'nanoparticle-based therapeutic approaches', 'NANOBIOTIX', 'Euronext', 'NASDAQ', 'NBTX']",2024-05-14,2024-05-14,djournal.com
40874,EuroNext,Bing API,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/nanobiotix-announces-us-fda-protocol-201500899.html,NANOBIOTIX Announces US FDA Protocol Acceptance for New Randomized Phase 2 Study Evaluating NBTXR3 for Patients with Stage Three Lung Cancer,NANOBIOTIX (Euronext: NANO –– NASDAQ: NBTX – the ‘‘Company’’)  a late-clinical stage biotechnology company pioneering nanoparticle-based therapeutic approaches to expand treatment possibilities for patients with cancer and other major diseases ,Nanobiotix S.A.PARIS and CAMBRIDGE  Mass.  May 14  2024 (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) -- NANOBIOTIX (Euronext: NANO –– NASDAQ: NBTX – the ‘‘Company’’)  a late-clinical stage biotechnology company pioneering nanoparticle-based therapeutic approaches to expand treatment possibilities for patients with cancer and other major diseases  today announced that the U.S. Food and Drug Administration (“US FDA”) issued a Study May Proceed Letter for a randomized Phase 2 study evaluating NBTXR3 for the treatment of patients with stage 3  unresectable non-small cell lung cancer (“NSCLC”). An IND to support this trial was submitted by the global trial sponsor  Johnson & Johnson Enterprise Innovation Inc.  a Johnson & Johnson company.“The NBTXR3 collaboration established by our global licensing agreement with Janssen Pharmaceutica NV continues to make progress toward our goal of reaching millions of patients with cancer around the world. The US FDA acceptance of the protocol for this new Phase 2 study has the potential to expand the NBTXR3 development pipeline to a new indication where innovation could potentially provide important outcomes ” said Louis Kayitalire  MD  chief medical officer at Nanobiotix. “We look forward to continuing to prepare for the launch of the study.”About NBTXR3NBTXR3 is a novel  potentially first-in-class oncology product composed of functionalized hafnium oxide nanoparticles that is administered via one-time intratumoral injection and activated by radiotherapy. Its proof-of-concept was achieved in soft tissue sarcomas for which the product received a European CE mark in 2019. The product candidate’s physical mechanism of action (MoA) is designed to induce significant tumor cell death in the injected tumor when activated by radiotherapy  subsequently triggering adaptive immune response and long-term anti-cancer memory. Given the physical MoA  Nanobiotix believes that NBTXR3 could be scalable across any solid tumor that can be treated with radiotherapy and across any therapeutic combination  particularly immune checkpoint inhibitors.Radiotherapy-activated NBTXR3 is being evaluated across multiple solid tumor indications as a single agent or in combination with anti-PD-1 immune checkpoint inhibitors  including in NANORAY-312—a global  randomized Phase 3 study in locally advanced head and neck squamous cell cancers. In February 2020  the United States Food and Drug Administration granted regulatory Fast Track designation for the investigation of NBTXR3 activated by radiation therapy  with or without cetuximab  for the treatment of patients with locally advanced HNSCC who are not eligible for platinum-based chemotherapy—the same population being evaluated in the Phase 3 study.Story continuesGiven the Company’s focus areas  and balanced against the scalable potential of NBTXR3  Nanobiotix has engaged in a collaboration strategy to expand development of the product candidate in parallel with its priority development pathways. Pursuant to this strategy  in 2019 Nanobiotix entered into a broad  comprehensive clinical research collaboration with The University of Texas MD Anderson Cancer Center to sponsor several Phase 1 and Phase 2 studies evaluating NBTXR3 across tumor types and therapeutic combinations. In 2023  Nanobiotix announced a license agreement for the global co-development and commercialization of NBTXR3 with Janssen Pharmaceutica NV.About NANOBIOTIXNanobiotix is a late-stage clinical biotechnology company pioneering disruptive  physics-based therapeutic approaches to revolutionize treatment outcomes for millions of patients; supported by people committed to making a difference for humanity. The Company’s philosophy is rooted in the concept of pushing past the boundaries of what is known to expand possibilities for human life.Incorporated in 2003  Nanobiotix is headquartered in Paris  France and is listed on Euronext Paris since 2012 and on the Nasdaq Global Select Market in New York City since December 2020. The Company has subsidiaries in  among other  Cambridge  Massachusetts (United States).Nanobiotix is the owner of more than 25 patent families associated with three (3) nanotechnology platforms with applications in 1) oncology; 2) bioavailability and biodistribution; and 3) disorders of the central nervous system.For more information about Nanobiotix  visit us at www.nanobiotix.com or follow us on LinkedIn and Twitter.DisclaimerThis press release contains “forward-looking” statements within the meaning of the “safe harbor” provisions of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995  including  but not limited to  statements regarding the use of proceed therefrom  and the period of time through which the Company’s anticipates its financial resources will be adequate to support operations. Words such as “expects”  “intends”  “can”  “could”  “may”  “might”  “plan”  “potential”  “should” and “will” or the negative of these and similar expressions are intended to identify forward-looking statements. These forward-looking statements  which are based on our management’s current expectations and assumptions and on information currently available to management. These forward-looking statements involve known and unknown risks  uncertainties and other factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those implied by the forward-looking statements  including risks related to Nanobiotix’s business and financial performance  which include the risk that assumptions underlying the Company’s cash runway projections are not realized. Further information on the risk factors that may affect company business and financial performance is included in Nanobiotix’s Annual Report on Form 20-F filed with the SEC on April 24  2024 under “Item 3.D. Risk Factors”  in Nanobiotix’s 2023 universal registration document filed with the AMF on April 24  2024  and subsequent filings Nanobiotix makes with the SEC from time to time which are available on the SEC’s website at www.sec.gov. The forward-looking statements included in this press release speak only as of the date of this press release  and except as required by law  Nanobiotix assumes no obligation to update these forward-looking statements publicly.ContactsNanobiotixCommunications DepartmentBrandon OwensVP  Communications+1 (617) 852-4835contact@nanobiotix.comInvestor Relations DepartmentCraig WestSVP  Investor Relations+1 (617) 583-0211investors@nanobiotix.comMedia RelationsFR – Ulysse CommunicationLaurent Wormser+ 33 (0)6 13 12 04 04lwormser@ulysse-communication.comGlobal – LifeSci AdvisorsKevin Gardner+1 (617) 283-2856kgardner@lifesciadvisors.comAttachments,neutral,0.01,0.94,0.06,positive,0.68,0.3,0.02,True,English,"['US FDA Protocol Acceptance', 'New Randomized Phase 2 Study', 'Stage Three Lung Cancer', 'NANOBIOTIX', 'NBTXR3', 'Patients', 'Private Securities Litigation Reform Act', 'broad, comprehensive clinical research collaboration', 'unresectable non-small cell lung cancer', 'Texas MD Anderson Cancer Center', 'neck squamous cell cancers', 'functionalized hafnium oxide nanoparticles', 'regulatory Fast Track designation', 'significant tumor cell death', 'late-stage clinical biotechnology company', 'anti-PD-1 immune checkpoint inhibitors', 'disruptive, physics-based therapeutic approaches', 'Nasdaq Global Select Market', 'multiple solid tumor indications', 'The US FDA acceptance', 'late-clinical stage biotechnology company', 'global, randomized Phase 3 study', 'adaptive immune response', 'nanoparticle-based therapeutic approaches', 'other major diseases', 'U.S. Food', 'Janssen Pharmaceutica NV', 'chief medical officer', 'one-time intratumoral injection', 'soft tissue sarcomas', 'European CE mark', 'long-term anti-cancer memory', 'three (3) nanotechnology platforms', 'central nervous system', 'safe harbor” provisions', 'global licensing agreement', 'New York City', 'randomized Phase 2 study', 'global trial sponsor', 'Enterprise Innovation Inc', 'United States Food', 'priority development pathways', 'new Phase 2 study', 'The NBTXR3 collaboration', 'Nanobiotix S.A.', 'class oncology product', 'NBTXR3 development pipeline', 'global co', 'collaboration strategy', 'The University', 'therapeutic combinations', 'The Company', 'new indication', 'several Phase 1', 'Phase 2 studies', 'tumor types', 'license agreement', 'GLOBE NEWSWIRE', 'Drug Administration', 'Proceed Letter', 'important outcomes', 'Louis Kayitalire', 'product candidate', 'physical mechanism', 'single agent', 'advanced head', 'radiation therapy', 'advanced HNSCC', 'platinum-based chemotherapy', 'same population', 'focus areas', 'human life', '25 patent families', 'press release', 'financial resources', 'similar expressions', 'current expectation', 'forward-looking” statements', 'looking statements', 'Radiotherapy-activated NBTXR3', 'physical MoA', 'scalable potential', 'treatment outcomes', 'Johnson company', 'treatment possibilities', 'Euronext Paris', 'NBTXR3, Nanobiotix', 'CAMBRIDGE', 'Mass.', 'patients', 'NSCLC', 'progress', 'goal', 'millions', 'world', 'protocol', 'launch', 'proof', 'concept', 'action', 'NANORAY-3', 'February', 'investigation', 'cetuximab', 'Story', 'parallel', 'commercialization', 'people', 'difference', 'humanity', 'philosophy', 'boundaries', 'France', 'December', 'subsidiaries', 'Massachusetts', 'owner', 'applications', 'bioavailability', 'biodistribution', 'disorders', 'information', 'LinkedIn', 'Twitter', 'Disclaimer', 'meaning', 'period', 'operations', 'Words', 'expects', 'plan', 'will', 'management', '2019']",2024-05-14,2024-05-14,finance.yahoo.com
40875,EuroNext,Bing API,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/nyxoah-reports-first-quarter-2024-200500044.html,Nyxoah Reports First Quarter 2024 Financial and Operating Results,Nyxoah Reports First Quarter 2024 Financial and Operating Results Announced DREAM U.S. pivotal study achieved primary endpoints On track for FDA approval as early as end of 2024,NyxoahREGULATED INFORMATIONNyxoah Reports First Quarter 2024 Financial and Operating ResultsAnnounced DREAM U.S. pivotal study achieved primary endpointsOn track for FDA approval as early as end of 2024Mont-Saint-Guibert  Belgium – May 14  2024 10:05pm CET / 4:05pm ET – Nyxoah SA (Euronext Brussels/Nasdaq: NYXH) (“Nyxoah” or the “Company”)  a medical technology company focused on the development and commercialization of innovative solutions to treat Obstructive Sleep Apnea (OSA)  today reported financial and operating results for the first quarter of 2024.Recent Financial and Operating HighlightsReported the DREAM U.S. pivotal study achieved co-primary endpoints on an intent-to-treat (ITT) basis and demonstrated strong AHI reductions in supine and non-supine sleep positions.The DREAM study achieved a median AHI reduction of 70.8%  a 12-month AHI responder rate  per the Sher criteria  of 63.5% (p=0.002) on an ITT basis and a 12-month ODI responder rate of 71.3% (p<0.001) on an ITT basis.Preparing the fourth and final PMA module for submission this quarter.Appointed Dr. Maurits S. Boon  MD as Chief Medical Officer.Advanced patient access strategy through partnership with the American Association of Otolaryngology – Head & Neck Surgery Foundation (AAO-HNSF).Achieved quarterly sales of €1.2 million  showing 170% growth vs Q1 2023.Total cash position of €44.3 million at the end of the quarter.“The DREAM U.S. study achieving its primary endpoints is a pivotal milestone for Nyxoah and further differentiates Genio as the only HGNS therapy to demonstrate strong efficacy in supine and non-supine OSA. With the DREAM data in hand  our U.S. launch preparations are focused on attracting commercial talent to set us up for success when we introduce Genio ” commented Olivier Taelman  Nyxoah Chief Executive Officer. “With continued European commercial traction  positive DREAM data and a highly differentiated  patient centric HGNS solution  I could not be more excited for Nyxoah’s future.”First Quarter 2024 ResultsCONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF LOSS AND OTHER COMPREHENSIVE LOSS (unaudited)(in thousands)For the three months ended March 31  2024 2023 Revenue € 1 221 € 441 Cost of goods sold (455) (175) Gross profit € 766 € 266 Research and Development Expense (7 199) (6 157) Selling  General and Administrative Expense (5 972) (5 551) Other income/(expense) 192 46 Operating loss for the period € (12 213) € (11 396) Financial income 1 408 625 Financial expense ( 991) ( 958) Loss for the period before taxes € (11 796) € (11 729) Income taxes ( 110) ( 182) Loss for the period € (11 906) € (11 911) Loss attributable to equity holders € (11 906) € (11 911) Other comprehensive income/(loss) Items that may not be subsequently reclassified to profit or loss (net of tax) Currency translation differences 60 (28) Total comprehensive loss for the year  net of tax € (11 846) € (11 939) Loss attributable to equity holders € (11 846) € (11 939) Basic loss per share (in EUR) € (0.415) € (0.460) Diluted loss per share (in EUR) € (0.415) € (0.460)CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF FINANCIAL POSITION (unaudited)(in thousands)As at March 312024 December 31 2023 ASSETS Non-current assets Property  plant and equipment €4 379 €4 188 Intangible assets 48 501 46 608 Right of use assets 3 597 3 788 Deferred tax asset 134 56 Other long-term receivables 1 333 1 166 € 57 944 € 55 806 Current assets Inventory 3 418 3 315 Trade receivables 2 971 2 758 Other receivables 3 149 3 212 Other current assets 1 232 1 318 Financial assets 22 225 36 138 Cash and cash equivalents 22 077 21 610 € 55 072 € 68 351 Total assets € 113 016 € 124 157 EQUITY AND LIABILITIES Capital and reserves Capital 4 927 4 926 Share premium 246 188 246 127 Share based payment reserve 8 440 7 661 Other comprehensive income 197 137 Retained loss (172 555) (160 829) Total equity attributable to shareholders € 87 197 € 98 022 LIABILITIES Non-current liabilities Financial debt 8 616 8 373 Lease liability 2 933 3 116 Pension liability 22 9 Provisions 273 185 Deferred tax liability − 9 € 11 844 € 11 692 Current liabilities Financial debt 346 364 Lease liability 852 851 Trade payables 7 316 8 108 Current tax liability 2 091 1 988 Other payables 3 370 3 132 € 13 975 € 14 443 Total liabilities € 25 819 € 26 135 Total equity and liabilities € 113 016 € 124 157RevenueRevenue was €1.2 million for the first quarter ending March 31  2024  compared to €441 000 for the first quarter ending March 31  2023. The increase in revenue was attributable to the Company’s commercialization of the Genio® system  primarily in Germany.Story continuesCost of Goods SoldCost of goods sold was €455 000 for the three months ending March 31  2024  representing a gross profit of €0.8 million  or gross margin of 62.7%. This compares to total cost of goods sold of €175 000 in the first quarter of 2023  for a gross profit of €266 000  or gross margin of 60.3%.Research and DevelopmentFor the first quarter ending March 31  2024  research and development expenses were €7.2 million  versus €6.2 million for the first quarter ending March 31  2023.Operating LossTotal operating loss for the first quarter ending March 31  2024 was €12.2 million versus €11.4 million in the first quarter ending March 31  2023. This was driven by the acceleration in the Company’s R&D spending  as well as ongoing commercial and clinical activities.Cash PositionAs of March 31  2024  cash and financial assets totaled €44.3 million  compared to €57.7 million on December 31  2023. Total cash burn was approximately €4.5 million per month during the first quarter 2024.First Quarter 2024Nyxoah’s financial report for the first quarter 2024  including details of the consolidated results  are available on the investor page of Nyxoah’s website (https://investors.nyxoah.com/financials).Conference call and webcast presentationA webcast of the call will be accessible via the Investor Relations page of the Nyxoah website or through this link: Nyxoah's Q1 2024 earnings call webcast. For those not planning to ask a question of management  the Company recommends listening via the webcast.If you plan to ask a question  please use the following link: Nyxoah’s Q1 2024 earnings call. After registering  an email will be sent  including dial-in details and a unique conference call access code required to join the live call. To ensure you are connected prior to the beginning of the call  the Company suggests registering a minimum of 10 minutes before the start of the call.About NyxoahNyxoah is a medical technology company focused on the development and commercialization of innovative solutions to treat Obstructive Sleep Apnea (OSA). Nyxoah’s lead solution is the Genio® system  a patient-centered  leadless and battery-free hypoglossal neurostimulation therapy for OSA  the world’s most common sleep disordered breathing condition that is associated with increased mortality risk and cardiovascular comorbidities. Nyxoah is driven by the vision that OSA patients should enjoy restful nights and feel enabled to live their life to its fullest.Following the successful completion of the BLAST OSA study  the Genio® system received its European CE Mark in 2019. Nyxoah completed two successful IPOs: on Euronext Brussels in September 2020 and NASDAQ in July 2021. Following the positive outcomes of the BETTER SLEEP study  Nyxoah received CE mark approval for the expansion of its therapeutic indications to Complete Concentric Collapse (CCC) patients  currently contraindicated in competitors’ therapy. Additionally  the Company is currently conducting the DREAM IDE pivotal study for FDA and US commercialization approval.For more information  please visit http://www.nyxoah.com/.Caution – CE marked since 2019. Investigational device in the United States. Limited by U.S. federal law to investigational use in the United States.Forward-looking statementsCertain statements  beliefs and opinions in this press release are forward-looking  which reflect the Company's or  as appropriate  the Company directors' or managements' current expectations regarding the Genio® system; planned and ongoing clinical studies of the Genio® system; the potential advantages of the Genio® system; Nyxoah’s goals with respect to the development  regulatory pathway and potential use of the Genio® system; the utility of clinical data in potentially obtaining FDA approval of the Genio® system; and the Company's results of operations  financial condition  liquidity  performance  prospects  growth and strategies. By their nature  forward-looking statements involve a number of risks  uncertainties  assumptions and other factors that could cause actual results or events to differ materially from those expressed or implied by the forward-looking statements. These risks  uncertainties  assumptions and factors could adversely affect the outcome and financial effects of the plans and events described herein. Additionally  these risks and uncertainties include  but are not limited to  the risks and uncertainties set forth in the “Risk Factors” section of the Company’s Annual Report on Form 20-F for the year ended December 31  2023  filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission (“SEC”) on March 20  2024  and subsequent reports that the Company files with the SEC. A multitude of factors including  but not limited to  changes in demand  competition and technology  can cause actual events  performance or results to differ significantly from any anticipated development. Forward looking statements contained in this press release regarding past trends or activities are not guarantees of future performance and should not be taken as a representation that such trends or activities will continue in the future. In addition  even if actual results or developments are consistent with the forward-looking statements contained in this press release  those results or developments may not be indicative of results or developments in future periods. No representations and warranties are made as to the accuracy or fairness of such forward-looking statements. As a result  the Company expressly disclaims any obligation or undertaking to release any updates or revisions to any forward-looking statements in this press release as a result of any change in expectations or any change in events  conditions  assumptions or circumstances on which these forward-looking statements are based  except if specifically required to do so by law or regulation. Neither the Company nor its advisers or representatives nor any of its subsidiary undertakings or any such person's officers or employees guarantees that the assumptions underlying such forward-looking statements are free from errors nor does either accept any responsibility for the future accuracy of the forward-looking statements contained in this press release or the actual occurrence of the forecasted developments. You should not place undue reliance on forward-looking statements  which speak only as of the date of this press release.Contacts:NyxoahDavid DeMartino  Chief Strategy OfficerIR@nyxoah.comAttachment,neutral,0.01,0.98,0.0,positive,0.79,0.17,0.03,True,English,"['First Quarter 2024 Financial', 'Operating Results', 'Nyxoah', 'differentiated, patient centric HGNS solution', 'DREAM U.S. pivotal study', 'U.S. launch preparations', 'DREAM U.S. study', 'Advanced patient access strategy', 'Dr. Maurits S. Boon', '12-month ODI responder rate', '12-month AHI responder rate', 'ASSETS Non-current assets Property', 'Nyxoah Chief Executive Officer', 'Current liabilities Financial debt', 'Chief Medical Officer', 'The DREAM study', 'median AHI reduction', 'positive DREAM data', 'Obstructive Sleep Apnea', 'final PMA module', 'Neck Surgery Foundation', 'Currency translation differences', 'Current assets Inventory', 'strong AHI reductions', 'Other current assets', 'European commercial traction', 'LIABILITIES Non-current liabilities', 'Deferred tax asset', 'Other comprehensive income', 'Other long-term receivables', 'Current tax liability', 'supine sleep positions', 'medical technology company', 'Deferred tax liability', 'OTHER COMPREHENSIVE LOSS', 'Total comprehensive loss', 'Total cash position', 'First Quarter 2024 Results', 'First Quarter 2024 Financial', 'pivotal milestone', 'HGNS therapy', 'Total assets', 'Other income', 'Financial assets', 'Other receivables', 'Total liabilities', 'Intangible assets', 'use assets', 'FINANCIAL POSITION', 'Other payables', 'Financial income', 'strong efficacy', 'commercial talent', 'Lease liability', 'Pension liability', 'Operating Results', 'Trade receivables', 'Recent Financial', 'Total equity', 'REGULATED INFORMATION', 'primary endpoints', 'FDA approval', 'Euronext Brussels/Nasdaq', 'innovative solutions', 'Operating Highlights', 'Sher criteria', 'ITT basis', 'American Association', 'quarterly sales', 'Olivier Taelman', 'CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS', 'three months', 'cash equivalents', 'LIABILITIES Capital', 'payment reserve', '851 Trade payables', 'gross margin', 'Income taxes', 'equity holders', 'Gross profit', '625 Financial expense', 'Nyxoah SA', '46 Operating loss', 'Basic loss', 'Diluted loss', 'total cost', '05pm CET', 'Administrative Expense', 'Genio® system', 'supine OSA', 'Share premium', 'development expenses', '4:05pm', '127 Share', 'track', 'Mont-Saint-Guibert', 'Belgium', 'May', 'NYXH', 'commercialization', 'fourth', 'submission', 'MD', 'partnership', 'Otolaryngology', 'Head', 'AAO-HNSF', '170% growth', 'Q1', 'hand', 'success', 'future', 'thousands', 'Revenue', 'goods', 'Research', 'Selling', 'General', 'period', 'Items', 'year', 'March', 'plant', 'equipment', 'Right', 'reserves', 'shareholders', '9 Provisions', 'increase', 'Germany', 'Story', '10', '58', '022']",2024-05-14,2024-05-14,finance.yahoo.com
40876,EuroNext,Bing API,https://uk.finance.yahoo.com/news/asm-announces-start-150-million-160000134.html,ASM announces start of €150 million share buyback program,Almere  The Netherlands May 14  2024  6:00 p.m. CET .V. (Euronext Amsterdam: ASM) today announces that it will commence a share buyback program of ASM’s common shares of €150 million. This program follows on ASM's announcement on February 27 ,ASM International NVAlmere  The NetherlandsMay 14  2024  6:00 p.m. CETASM International N.V. (Euronext Amsterdam: ASM) today announces that it will commence a share buyback program of ASM’s common shares of €150 million.This program follows on ASM's announcement on February 27  2024  that the Management Board authorized a share buyback program for up to €150 million. The program commences on May 15  2024  and is to end as soon as the aggregate purchase price of the common shares acquired by ASM has reached €150 million  but ultimately on October 15  2024.This share buyback program will take place within the limitations of the authority granted by the shareholders during the Annual General Meeting  which was held on May 13  2024  and will be executed by a third party. ASM has the intention to reduce its capital by withdrawing the shares repurchased as part of this new €150 million share buyback program  save for such number of treasury shares as may be necessary to fund ongoing share and option programs for employees and board members.ADVERTISEMENTASM will update the market on the progress of the share buyback program on a weekly basis  starting on May 21  2024. This information will also be published on ASM’s website ( www.asm.com ).About ASM InternationalASM International N.V.  headquartered in Almere  the Netherlands  and its subsidiaries design and manufacture equipment and process solutions to produce semiconductor devices for wafer processing  and have facilities in the United States  Europe  and Asia. ASM International's common stock trades on the Euronext Amsterdam Stock Exchange (symbol: ASM). For more information  visit ASM's website at www.asm.com.Cautionary note regarding forward-looking statements: All matters discussed in this press release  except for any historical data  are forward-looking statements. Forward-looking statements involve risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from those in the forward-looking statements. These include  but are not limited to  economic conditions and trends in the semiconductor industry generally and the timing of the industry cycles specifically  currency fluctuations  corporate transactions  financing and liquidity matters  the success of restructurings  the timing of significant orders  market acceptance of new products  competitive factors  litigation involving intellectual property  shareholders or other issues  commercial and economic disruption due to natural disasters  terrorist activity  armed conflict or political instability  changes in import/export regulations  epidemics  pandemics and other risks indicated in the company's reports and financial statements. The company assumes no obligation nor intends to update or revise any forward-looking statements to reflect future developments or circumstances.This press release contains inside information within the meaning of Article 7(1) of the EU Market Abuse Regulation.Story continuesContacts Investor and media relations Investor relations Victor Bareño Valentina Fantigrossi T: +31 88 100 8500 T: +31 88 100 8502 E: investor.relations@asm.com E: investor.relations@asm.com,neutral,0.07,0.92,0.01,negative,0.02,0.29,0.69,True,English,"['€150 million share buyback program', 'ASM', 'start', 'Investor relations Victor Bareño Valentina Fantigrossi', 'new €150 million share buyback program', 'EU Market Abuse Regulation', 'Euronext Amsterdam Stock Exchange', 'ASM International N.V.', 'ASM International NV Almere', 'aggregate purchase price', 'Annual General Meeting', 'common stock trades', 'media relations', 'new products', 'ongoing share', 'market acceptance', 'common shares', 'Management Board', 'third party', 'option programs', 'board members', 'weekly basis', 'process solutions', 'semiconductor devices', 'wafer processing', 'United States', 'Cautionary note', 'forward-looking statements', 'press release', 'historical data', 'actual results', 'economic conditions', 'semiconductor industry', 'industry cycles', 'currency fluctuations', 'corporate transactions', 'significant orders', 'competitive factors', 'intellectual property', 'other issues', 'economic disruption', 'natural disasters', 'terrorist activity', 'armed conflict', 'political instability', 'import/export regulations', 'financial statements', 'future developments', 'treasury shares', 'The Netherlands', 'liquidity matters', 'other risks', 'CET', 'announcement', 'February', 'May', 'October', 'place', 'limitations', 'authority', 'shareholders', 'intention', 'capital', 'number', 'employees', 'ADVERTISEMENT', 'progress', 'information', 'website', 'subsidiaries', 'manufacture', 'equipment', 'facilities', 'Europe', 'Asia', 'symbol', 'uncertainties', 'trends', 'timing', 'financing', 'success', 'restructurings', 'litigation', 'commercial', 'changes', 'epidemics', 'pandemics', 'company', 'reports', 'obligation', 'circumstances', 'meaning', 'Story', 'Contacts', '6:00']",2024-05-14,2024-05-14,uk.finance.yahoo.com
40877,EuroNext,Bing API,https://www.msn.com/en-gb/money/other/euronext-reports-record-first-quarter-revenue-launches-dark-trading/ar-BB1mnZzS,Euronext reports record first-quarter revenue  launches 'dark' trading,By Huw Jones LONDON (Reuters) -Euronext first-quarter revenue rose 8% to a record 401.9 million euros ($434.78 million)  the pan-European stock exchange said on Tuesday  with its multi-year integration of the Milan Exchange it bought in 2021 all but complete.,By Huw Jones LONDON (Reuters) -Euronext first-quarter revenue rose 8% to a record 401.9 million euros ($434.78 million)  the pan-European stock exchange said on Tuesday  with its multi-year integration of the Milan Exchange it bought in 2021 all but complete.,neutral,0.03,0.83,0.15,neutral,0.11,0.87,0.02,True,English,"['record first-quarter revenue', ""dark' trading"", 'Euronext', 'Huw Jones LONDON', 'Euronext first-quarter revenue', 'record 401.9 million euros', 'pan-European stock exchange', 'Milan Exchange', 'multi-year integration', 'Reuters', 'Tuesday']",2024-05-14,2024-05-14,msn.com
40878,EuroNext,Bing API,https://www.finanznachrichten.de/nachrichten-2024-05/62229213-groupe-airwell-q1-2024-revenue-eur-12-0m-in-line-with-forecasts-annual-growth-target-confirmed-650.htm,GROUPE AIRWELL: Q1 2024 REVENUE: EUR 12.0M  IN LINE WITH FORECASTS - ANNUAL GROWTH TARGET CONFIRMED,The Airwell Group (Euronext Growth  ALAIR)  creator of intelligent energy ecosystems  has reported Q1 2024 revenue of €12.0m  in line with the level announced by the Company with the publication of,"The Airwell Group (Euronext Growth  ALAIR)  creator of intelligent energy ecosystems  has reported Q1 2024 revenue of €12.0m  in line with the level announced by the Company with the publication of its 2023 annual results  and consistent with the business plan for the 2024 financial year. The Group expects to gradually improve this trend over the coming quarters  with a clear acceleration expected in H2  enabling it to target double-digit growth for the 2024 financial year.French standards(€m) - unaudited Q1 2023 Q1 2024 Change (%) Mainland France 6.7 8.6 +29.2% Overseas territories 1.3 0.4 -68.4% International 6.2 2.9 -50.4% TOTAL 14.1 12.0 -15.4%Activity in Q1 2024Airwell has reported revenue of €12.0m in Q1 2024  down -15.4%  in line with expectations at the start of the year (see press release of 23 April 2024). The Group faced a very high basis for comparison in this quarter  particularly for International  which enjoyed a very strong start in 2023 financial year (+60.4%).France continued its excellent momentum  posting revenue of €8.6m in Q1 2024  a substantial increase of +29.2% vs. Q1 2023. This performance was driven by sales of Air-Water heat pumps  up +13.4%  and Air-Air heat pumps (+109.2%)  which together accounted for 60% of sales in Q1 2024. Airwell thus continues to gain significant market share in its domestic market. Note that revenue in France also includes a €0.7m contribution from Airwell Industrie.Revenue in the French overseas departments and territories (DOM-TOM) came to €0.4m  down -68.4% vs. the same period last year  as a result of ad hoc destocking by a number of partners  while sales in Guadeloupe are still in the recovery phase following Airwell's direct takeover of sales initiatives. A similar trend is expected for the next quarter  before a rebound in the second half of the year.For its part  International generated revenue of €2.9m  down -50.4% vs. Q1 2023. This export trend  which is not representative of the year's overall expected performance  can be explained by ad hoc inventory adjustments with certain distributors  and by the current lengthening of international shipping times.Q1 2024 sales consisted of 90% for the residential market and 10% for the commercial market  which grew over the quarter  buoyed by demand for Air-Air heat pumps and high-power heat pumps for hotels  particularly in Africa.Targeted double-digit growth in revenue confirmed for 2024Airwell expects to see a gradual improvement in its business momentum  with a return to growth by Q2 and a clear acceleration expected in the second half of the year under the impetus of ongoing gains in market share in France  and the expected rebound in sales in French overseas departments and territories and internationally.In France  2024 will be marked by the launch of new offerings  including a service solution for smart  connected homes (""Ma Maison Hybride"")  and an energy renovation financing offer for the residential sector. Airwell Industrie will also be contributing with the continued progress of its first contract with Synerpod to implement large-scale renovation for collective and social housing (400 houses to be renovated).Overall  the Group is aiming for double-digit revenue growth in 2024 compared with 2023  representing a further step towards its reiterated objective of revenue in excess of €100m by 2025.Next publication: H1 2024 revenue on 16 July 2024  after market closeAbout AirwellFounded in 1947 in France  Airwell is France's leading designer of heat pumps in the field of climatic and thermal engineering. A major operator  the French pioneer in heat pumps and then the leading European manufacturer in the 1970s  Airwell became Groupe Airwell in 2021. In a market driven by the energy transition  the company aims to become a reference in Europe  and a key player in climate and thermal solutions based on needs and uses on a global level  with a presence in 80 countries. The French developer of climatic and thermal solutions continued to develop in an effort to optimise the energy consumption of its products  protect natural resources and capture solar energy  thereby significantly reducing its customers' environmental footprints. Based in Montigny-le-Bretonneux ((78)  a municipality in Greater Paris)  Groupe Airwell has more than 100 employees. In March 2023  the Group became a member of the Communauté du Coq Vert run by Bpi France and ADEME (French Agency for Ecological Transition).Compartment: Euronext Growth® Paris;Ticker: ALAIRwww.groupe-airwell.comContactsGROUPE AIRWELLCEOLaurent ROEGELinvestisseurs@airwell.com ATOUT CAPITALRodolphe OSSOLAListing Sponsorrodolphe.ossola@atoutcapital.com+33 (0)1 56 69 61 86 ACTUS FINANCE ET COMMUNICATIONFinancial CommunicationAnne-Pauline PETUREAUXapetureaux@actus.fr+33 (0)1 53 67 36 72 Media RelationsManon CLAIRETmclairet@actus.fr+33 (0)1 53 67 36 73------------------------This publication embed ""Actusnews SECURITY MASTER "".- SECURITY MASTER Key:l5tvZshtl2bGmW+faZ5tZmeVb2mUlGSYa5aWlGadk5+ZaGthyWeXmcbJZnFmnWVm- Check this key: https://www.security-master-key.com.------------------------© Copyright Actusnews WireReceive by email the next press releases of the company by registering on www.actusnews.com  it's freeFull and original release in PDF format:https://www.actusnews.com/documents_communiques/ACTUS-0-85800-airwell_pr_q12024_vdef.pdf",neutral,0.04,0.95,0.01,positive,0.68,0.29,0.03,True,English,"['ANNUAL GROWTH TARGET CONFIRMED', 'GROUPE AIRWELL', 'Q1 2024 REVENUE', 'LINE', 'FORECASTS', 'Communauté du Coq Vert', 'ad hoc inventory adjustments', 'energy renovation financing offer', 'Rodolphe OSSOLA Listing Sponsor', 'ad hoc destocking', 'smart, connected homes', 'Ma Maison Hybride', ""customers' environmental footprints"", 'Anne-Pauline PETUREAUX apetureaux', 'Actusnews SECURITY MASTER', 'intelligent energy ecosystems', 'leading European manufacturer', 'SECURITY MASTER Key', 'Air-Water heat pumps', 'Air-Air heat pumps', 'high-power heat pumps', 'French overseas departments', 'Targeted double-digit growth', 'significant market share', 'international shipping times', 'Euronext Growth® Paris', 'GROUPE AIRWELL CEO', 'double-digit revenue growth', 'The Airwell Group', 'large-scale renovation', 'energy transition', 'energy consumption', 'solar energy', 'leading designer', 'key player', 'Greater Paris', 'French standards', 'French pioneer', 'French developer', 'French Agency', 'The Group', '2023 annual results', 'business plan', 'coming quarters', 'clear acceleration', 'Overseas territories', 'press release', 'high basis', 'excellent momentum', 'substantial increase', 'domestic market', '€0.7m contribution', 'same period', 'recovery phase', 'direct takeover', 'second half', 'current lengthening', 'residential market', 'commercial market', 'gradual improvement', 'business momentum', 'ongoing gains', 'new offerings', 'service solution', 'residential sector', 'continued progress', 'first contract', 'social housing', 'market close', 'thermal engineering', 'major operator', 'thermal solutions', 'natural resources', 'Ecological Transition', 'Laurent ROEGEL', 'Media Relations', 'Manon CLAIRET', 'similar trend', 'export trend', 'Airwell Industrie', 'strong start', 'global level', 'Financial Communication', '2024 financial year', '2023 financial year', 'H1 2024 revenue', 'sales initiatives', 'next quarter', 'Next publication', 'ACTUS FINANCE', 'Q1 2024 Change', 'Mainland France', 'Bpi France', 'Q1 2024 revenue', 'Q1 2024 sales', 'ALAIR', 'creator', 'Company', 'TOTAL', 'Activity', 'expectations', '23 April', 'comparison', 'performance', 'DOM-TOM', 'number', 'partners', 'Guadeloupe', 'rebound', 'overall', 'distributors', 'demand', 'hotels', 'Africa', 'return', 'Q2', 'impetus', 'launch', 'Synerpod', 'collective', '400 houses', 'step', 'objective', 'excess', '16 July', 'field', 'climatic', '1970s', 'reference', 'climate', 'needs', 'presence', '80 countries', 'effort', 'products', 'Bretonneux', 'municipality', '100 employees', 'March', 'member', 'ADEME', 'Compartment', 'Ticker', 'Contacts', 'CAPITAL', 'mclairet', 'l5tvZshtl2bGmW', 'faZ5tZmeVb2mUlGSYa5aWlGadk5', 'ZaGthyWeXmcbJZn']",2024-05-06,2024-05-14,finanznachrichten.de
40879,EuroNext,Bing API,https://www.msn.com/en-gb/money/other/euronext-reports-record-first-quarter-income-launches-dark-trading/ar-BB1mnJRV,Euronext reports record first quarter income  launches 'dark' trading,Euronext said on Tuesday that revenue and income in the first quarter of this year rose 8% to a record 401.9 million euros ($434.78 million)  as the pan-European stock exchange completed its multi-year integration of the Milan Exchange that it bought in 2021.,Euronext said on Tuesday that revenue and income in the first quarter of this year rose 8% to a record 401.9 million euros ($434.78 million)  as the pan-European stock exchange completed its multi-year integration of the Milan Exchange that it bought in 2021.,neutral,0.03,0.79,0.17,neutral,0.04,0.95,0.01,True,English,"['record first quarter income', ""dark' trading"", 'Euronext', 'record 401.9 million euros', 'pan-European stock exchange', 'Milan Exchange', 'first quarter', 'multi-year integration', 'Euronext', 'Tuesday', 'revenue', 'income']",2024-05-14,2024-05-14,msn.com
40880,EuroNext,Bing API,https://www.thepharmaletter.com/article/sanofi-pumps-another-billion-into-french-biomanufacturing,Sanofi pumps another billion into French biomanufacturing,French pharma major Sanofi (Euronext: SAN) has announced an  investment of more than 1 billion euros ($1.08 billion) to create  new bioproduction capacity at its sites in Vitry-sur-Seine (Val  de Marne)  Le Trait (Seine-Maritime) and Lyon Gerland (Rhône).,French pharma major Sanofi (Euronext: SAN) has announced an  investment of more than 1 billion euros ($1.08 billion) to create  new bioproduction capacity at its sites in Vitry-sur-Seine (Val  de Marne)  Le Trait (Seine-Maritime) and Lyon Gerland (Rhône).,neutral,0.06,0.93,0.01,neutral,0.04,0.95,0.01,True,English,"['French biomanufacturing', 'Sanofi', 'French pharma major Sanofi', 'new bioproduction capacity', 'Val  de Marne', '1 billion euros', 'Le Trait', 'Lyon Gerland', 'Rhône', 'Euronext', 'investment', 'sites', 'Vitry-sur', 'Seine']",2024-05-14,2024-05-14,thepharmaletter.com
