UID,Searchword,API,URL,Title,Summary,Article,Title_Sentiment,Title_Positive,Title_Neutral,Title_Negative,Article_Sentiment,Article_Positive,Article_Neutral,Article_Negative,Verified,Language,Topics,Date,Load_Date,Source
36524,Euroclear,NewsApi.org,https://www.finextra.com/pressarticle/99745/r3-appoints-uk-finance-chairman-bob-wigley-to-board,R3 appoints UK Finance chairman Bob Wigley to Board,R3  the enterprise distributed ledger technology (DLT) and services firm  has appointed Bob Wigley  to its board as a Non-Executive Director.,Source: R3R3  the enterprise distributed ledger technology (DLT) and services firm  has appointed Bob Wigley  to its board as a Non-Executive Director.Wigley  who has Chaired UK Finance for the last six years  joins R3 after leading the UK Finance digital tokenization taskforce  which produced the report Unlocking the power of securities tokenization. Wigley was previously EMEA Chairman of Merrill Lynch where he took a keen interest in market infrastructures as a member of the boards of the Bank of England  Euroclear and LCH Clearnet. He is an Honorary Fellow at Judge Business School within Cambridge University’s Centre for Alternative Finance.In his role at R3  Wigley will strengthen the company’s strategy with his expertise in digital finance and help drive further adoption of R3’s new product offering  R3 Digital Markets  amongst financial institutions across the globe. The company recently launched R3 Digital Markets  an end-to-end suite of digital solutions designed to help firms adopt and drive value across digital assets and digital currencies  from initial exploration to full-scale implementation. The new suite future-proofs asset transfer and integration  instantly adding value to existing systems and enabling quicker  more efficient workflows.“I’m delighted to join R3 at a time when R3 Digital Markets is transforming the way global financial markets operate ” said Wigley. “R3 is the catalyst behind pioneering CBDC and other real financial asset tokenization projects  and I look forward to working with the team and its customers to continue driving adoption in new geographies and asset classes.”“We’re excited to welcome Bob to the R3 board of directors. His extensive experience in progressing regulated financial infrastructure is crucial as we build the foundations for interoperable regulated networks ” said David E. Rutter  CEO at R3. “His insight and strong industry connections will be an invaluable addition to our board  at a time when R3 is working with financial institutions and FMIs to digitise global markets.”,neutral,0.04,0.96,0.0,positive,0.71,0.27,0.01,True,English,"['UK Finance chairman', 'Bob Wigley', 'R3', 'Board', 'other real financial asset tokenization projects', 'UK Finance digital tokenization taskforce', 'enterprise distributed ledger technology', 'quicker, more efficient workflows', 'regulated financial infrastructure', 'last six years', 'Judge Business School', 'interoperable regulated networks', 'David E. Rutter', 'strong industry connections', 'global financial markets', 'new product offering', 'R3 Digital Markets', 'securities tokenization', 'digital finance', 'asset transfer', 'asset classes', 'global markets', 'financial institutions', 'Alternative Finance', 'digital solutions', 'digital assets', 'digital currencies', 'new suite', 'new geographies', 'services firm', 'Executive Director', 'EMEA Chairman', 'Merrill Lynch', 'keen interest', 'market infrastructures', 'LCH Clearnet', 'Honorary Fellow', 'Cambridge University', 'initial exploration', 'full-scale implementation', 'existing systems', 'pioneering CBDC', 'extensive experience', 'invaluable addition', 'end suite', 'R3 board', 'Bob Wigley', 'R3.', 'Source', 'DLT', 'report', 'power', 'member', 'boards', 'Bank', 'England', 'Euroclear', 'Centre', 'role', 'company', 'strategy', 'expertise', 'adoption', 'globe', 'firms', 'value', 'future-proofs', 'integration', 'time', 'way', 'catalyst', 'team', 'customers', 'directors', 'progressing', 'foundations', 'CEO', 'insight', 'FMIs']",2024-02-22,2024-02-23,finextra.com
36525,Euroclear,Bing API,https://www.funds-europe.com/euroclear-wins-luxembourg-funds-mandate/,Euroclear wins Luxembourg funds mandate,Luxembourg-based savings bank Banque et Caisse d’Epargne de l’Etat Luxembourg (Spuerkeess) is set to move most of its funds portfolio to Euroclear’s funds platform FundsPlace.,Luxembourg-based savings bank Banque et Caisse d’Epargne de l’Etat Luxembourg (Spuerkeess) is set to move most of its funds portfolio to Euroclear’s funds platform FundsPlace.,neutral,0.16,0.82,0.01,neutral,0.03,0.96,0.01,True,English,"['Luxembourg funds mandate', 'Euroclear', 'Luxembourg-based savings bank Banque', 'Etat Luxembourg', 'funds portfolio', 'funds platform', 'Caisse', 'Spuerkeess', 'Euroclear', 'FundsPlace']",2024-02-23,2024-02-23,funds-europe.com
36526,Euroclear,Bing API,https://www.assetservicingtimes.com/assetservicesnews/fundservicesarticle.php?article_id=15334&navigationaction=fundservicesnews&newssection=Fund%20Services,Spuerkeess picks Euroclear as funds partner,Banque et Caisse d’Epargne de l’Etat Luxembourg (Spuerkeess) will move the majority of its fund portfolio to Euroclear FundsPlace  expanding the relationship between the organisations. This will help to improve streamlining in the business  Euroclear ...,Spuerkeess picks Euroclear as funds partnerBanque et Caisse d’Epargne de l’Etat Luxembourg (Spuerkeess) will move the majority of its fund portfolio to Euroclear FundsPlace  expanding the relationship between the organisations.This will help to improve streamlining in the business  Euroclear says  centralising the distribution and execution of funds. The firm will collect trailer fees on external custodians following the mandate.FundsPlace provides an end-to-end solution across asset classes  aiming to eliminate post-trade complexity and to service and distribute private funds at scale.Valérie Urbain  chief business officer at Euroclear Group  says: “This move is a testament to our proximity with our clients to provide them with the best possible service and value.“FundsPlace enables them to achieve greater scalability  risk reduction  asset protection and revenue optimisation..”Aly Kohll  deputy CEO and a member of the executive committee at Spuerkeess  comments: “The fully integrated model from subscription  execution  settlement  custody and trailer fee collection allows Spuerkeess to reduce its costs and operational risks and ultimately to offer an even better service to its retail and institutional clients.”,neutral,0.18,0.81,0.01,positive,0.89,0.1,0.01,True,English,"['funds partner', 'Spuerkeess', 'Euroclear', 'Valérie Urbain', 'trailer fee collection', 'chief business officer', 'best possible service', 'trailer fees', 'Etat Luxembourg', 'fund portfolio', 'external custodians', 'asset classes', 'post-trade complexity', 'greater scalability', 'risk reduction', 'asset protection', 'revenue optimisation', 'Aly Kohll', 'deputy CEO', 'executive committee', 'integrated model', 'operational risks', 'funds partner', 'private funds', 'end solution', 'Euroclear Group', 'institutional clients', 'Euroclear FundsPlace', 'Spuerkeess', 'Banque', 'Caisse', 'majority', 'relationship', 'organisations', 'streamlining', 'distribution', 'execution', 'firm', 'mandate', 'scale', 'move', 'testament', 'proximity', 'value', 'member', 'subscription', 'settlement', 'custody', 'costs', 'retail']",2024-02-23,2024-02-23,assetservicingtimes.com
36527,Deutsche Boerse,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/SFC-ENERGY-AG-473477/news/SFC-Energy-AG-releases-preliminary-Group-figures-for-2023-Further-record-growth-and-significantl-46004190/,SFC Energy AG releases preliminary Group figures for 2023 – Further record growth and significantly improved profitability – Forecast: continued profitable growth -February 22  2024 at 01:34 am EST,(marketscreener.com) EQS-News: SFC Energy AG / Key word: Preliminary ResultsSFC Energy AG releases preliminary Group figures for 2023 – Further record growth and significantly improved profitability – Forecast: continued profitable grow…,EQS-News: SFC Energy AG / Key word(s): Preliminary ResultsSFC Energy AG releases preliminary Group figures for 2023 – Further record growth and significantly improved profitability – Forecast: continued profitable growth22.02.2024 / 07:30 CET/CESTThe issuer is solely responsible for the content of this announcement.SFC Energy AG releases preliminary Group figures for 2023 – Further record growth and significantly improved profitability – Forecast: continued profitable growthGroup sales grow significantly by 38.6% to EUR 118 148 thousand (2022: EUR 85 229 thousand)Adjusted EBITDA increases by 86.0% to EUR 15 158 thousand (2022: EUR 8 150 thousand)  adjusted EBITDA margin significantly above the previous year’s level at 12.8% (2022: 9.6%)Adjusted EBIT more than triples to EUR 9 696 thousand (2022: EUR 3 157 thousand)  adjusted EBIT margin increases to 8.2% (2022: 3.7%)Forecast for 2023 exceeded  also due to the strong fourth quarter characterized by an attractive product mixOrder backlog increases to EUR 81 300 thousand as of 2023 balance sheet date (December 31  2022: EUR 74 176 thousand)Internationalization bears fruit: North America and Asia the fastest-growing regionsSignificant growth in both segments: Clean Energy achieves sales growth of 37.1% and Clean Power Management sales growth of 41.7%Forecast for 2024: sales growth of approx. 20% to approx. 30% to EUR 141.7 million to EUR 153.5 million  adjusted EBITDA of EUR 17.5 million to EUR 22.4 million and adjusted EBIT of EUR 9.8 million to EUR 14.7 millionBrunnthal/Munich  Germany  February 22  2024 – SFC Energy AG (“SFC ” F3C:DE  ISIN: DE0007568578)  a leading supplier of hydrogen and methanol fuel cells for stationary and mobile hybrid power solutions  has announced preliminary figures for the full year 2023 and its forecast for fiscal year 2024.Management Board ReportDr. Peter Podesser  CEO of SFC Energy AG: “In fiscal year 2023  we achieved another record year with best marks for sales and earnings  to underscore our leading position in the field of fuel cell technologies. In particular  the strong growth in North America  our strongest sales region that grew by 43.5% compared to the previous year  demonstrates the success of our regional expansion. We will capitalize on this momentum and further expand the fast-growing US market with our newly established SFC site in Salt Lake City and plan to be up and running by the end of the first quarter of 2024.By founding our subsidiary and establishing production in India  we have taken important steps towards international expansion. The first major deliveries from our own site are being made during the current quarter. Our presence in New Delhi/Gurgaon lays a solid foundation for sustainable expansion both in India and throughout Asia. We will also strengthen our local supply chain capabilities for the entire Group in order to leverage the enormous potential of the Indian market in the future.In the UK  the transfer of IP  Know-how and equipment has been successfully completed  construction is progressing according to plan and production will commence in the second quarter of 2024. We have factored in the related start-up costs and consider them to be crucial investments in long-term cost and competitive advantages.The development of hydrogen economies around the world takes longer than previously anticipated and the financial support for the energy transition through public households does not appear to be feasible as quickly or to the extent originally envisaged. Societies’ consensus on the need to decarbonize the energy infrastructure while maintaining resilience remains unchanged though and a long-term priority. This continues to drive demand for our fuel cell technologies.As a financially stable market leader  we intend to further utilize our technological edge and established market access in order to grow disproportionately and profitably  particularly in a more challenging economic environment. We also see increasing opportunities for market consolidation and plan to actively exploit these in line with our three-pillar strategy – regional/international expansion  extending technology leadership and complementary M&A activities. This course clearly sets us apart from our peer group and underscores our clear differentiation in the industry.”Sales and earnings performanceAccording to preliminary  unaudited figures  the SFC Energy Group generated strong sales growth in fiscal year 2023. Sales revenues increased by 38.6% to EUR 118 148 thousand (2022: EUR 85 229 thousand). The increase is the result of the continued high demand for fuel cell solutions in the Clean Energy segment and significant sales growth in the Clean Power Management segment due to an improved market environment in the core target industries.According to preliminary calculations  adjusted EBITDA increased quite significantly in the 2023 reporting year by 86.0% to EUR 15 158 thousand (2022: EUR 8 150 thousand). At 12.8%  the adjusted EBITDA margin in 2023 significantly exceeded the previous year’s level (2022: 9.6%). According to preliminary calculations  EBIT adjusted for non-recurring effects more than tripled compared to the previous year to EUR 9 696 thousand (2022: EUR 3 157 thousand). The resulting adjusted EBIT margin more than doubled to 8.2% (2022: 3.7%). The considerable sales growth  the noticeable expansion of gross margins and the disproportionately low increase in adjusted functional costs compared to sales had a positive effect on adjusted EBITDA and adjusted EBIT.Development of salesAccording to preliminary figures  the Clean Energy segment achieved strong sales growth of 37.1 % to EUR 79 032 thousand (2022: EUR 57 632 thousand). In particular  demand increased in the area of energy solutions for industrial applications  including for civil security technology  data transmission  digitalization and energy as well as in the area of public safety  while sales in the area of private applications declined noticeably due to restrained consumer purchasing behavior.According to preliminary figures  sales in the Clean Power Management segment increased by 41.7% to EUR 39 116 thousand (2022: EUR 27 597 thousand). This growth was mainly due to continued positive demand from current and new customers  both in Europe and North America. Demand from current customers in the energy sector also increased in the reporting year due to the stable market environment. Furthermore  segment sales in the previous year were particularly affected by a challenging procurement environment and supply bottlenecks in the electronics industry  which only gradually eased in the second half of 2022.Incoming orders and order backlogIncoming orders amounted to EUR 124 799 thousand in the reporting year (2022: EUR 127 195 thousand). The Group’s order backlog increased by around 10% to EUR 81 300 thousand as of December 31  2023 (December 31  2022: EUR 74 176 thousand).Forecast for 2024Based on the successful business performance in 2023  which once again set new records in a challenging environment  and the continued order momentum  the Management Board expects 2024 to be characterized by robust growth as well. For the current fiscal year  Group sales are expected to grow by around 20% to 30% year-on-year to approx. EUR 141.7 million to EUR 153.5 million  which will be driven more strongly by the Clean Energy segment. Demand is expected to increase in all regional markets in the 2024 reporting year  with the strongest growth momentum likely to come from North America and Asia.For fiscal year 2024  the Management Board expects an increase in adjusted EBITDA to between EUR 17.5 million and EUR 22.4 million and thus a stable to slightly higher EBITDA margin. The further margin expansion depends on the timing of planned growth investments  in particular regional expansion  and the potential impact of higher material and procurement costs. It is assumed that the higher costs can be passed on to customers to a certain extent. Based on the planning for the Clean Energy and Clean Power Management segments  the Management Board assumes that adjusted EBIT for the Group will be between EUR 9.8 million and EUR 14.7 million in 2024. This planning takes expenses in connection with the regional expansion and the establishment of MEA production in particular into account.Detailed financial informationThe figures published in this release are preliminary and unaudited. SFC Energy AG will publish the final figures for fiscal year 2023 in its 2023 Annual Report on March 27  2024.SFC Energy AG will hold a conference call in English for interested investors and members of the press today  February 22  2024  at 9:00 a.m. Please send an e-mail to susan.hoffmeister@sfc.com to register.About SFC Energy AGSFC Energy AG (www.sfc.com) is a leading provider of hydrogen and direct methanol fuel cells for stationary and mobile hybrid power solutions. With the Clean Energy and Clean Power Management business segments  SFC Energy is a sustainably profitable fuel cell producer. The company distributes its award-winning products worldwide and has sold more than 65 000 fuel cells to date. The company is headquartered in Brunnthal/Munich  Germany and has operating subsidiaries in the Netherlands  Romania  India  the US  and Canada. SFC Energy AG is listed on the Deutsche Boerse Prime Standard and has been part of the selection index SDAX since 2022 (GSIN: 756857  ISIN: DE0007568578).SFC Energy IR and Press Contact:Susan HoffmeisterPhone +49 89 125 09 03-33Email: susan.hoffmeister@sfc.comWeb: sfc.com* * *This release may contain forward-looking statements  estimates  opinions and projections with respect to the anticipated future performance of the company (“Forward-Looking Statements”). These Forward-Looking Statements can be identified by the use of forward-looking terminology  including  but not limited to  the terms “expects ” “plans ” “anticipates ” “expects ” “intends ” “may ” “will” or “should” or  in each case  their negative  or other variations or comparable terminology. These Forward-Looking Statements include all matters that are not historical facts. Forward-Looking Statements are based on the current views  expectations and assumptions of the Management Board of SFC Energy AG and involve significant known and unknown risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results  performance or events to differ materially from those expressed or implied in such statements. Forward-Looking Statements should not be read as guarantees of future performance or results and will not necessarily be accurate indications of whether or not such results will be achieved. Any Forward-Looking Statements only apply as of the date of this release. We undertake no obligation  and do not expect to publicly update  or publicly revise  any of the information  Forward-Looking Statements or the conclusions contained herein or to reflect new events or circumstances or to correct any inaccuracies which may become apparent subsequent to the date hereof  whether as a result of new information  future events or otherwise. We accept no liability whatsoever in respect of the achievement of such Forward-Looking Statements and assumptions.,neutral,0.2,0.79,0.01,mixed,0.5,0.29,0.21,True,English,"['SFC Energy AG', 'preliminary Group figures', 'continued profitable growth', 'record growth', 'profitability', 'Forecast', 'February', '2023', '01', 'Clean Power Management sales growth', 'local supply chain capabilities', 'complementary M&A activities', 'mobile hybrid power solutions', 'continued profitable growth Group sales', 'Clean Power Management segment', 'Management Board Report', 'Clean Energy segment', 'fuel cell solutions', 'attractive product mix', '2023 balance sheet date', 'methanol fuel cells', 'Dr. Peter Podesser', 'fuel cell technologies', 'Salt Lake City', 'related start-up costs', 'core target industries', 'strongest sales region', 'first major deliveries', 'challenging economic environment', 'stable market leader', 'SFC Energy AG', 'SFC Energy Group', 'preliminary Group figures', 'preliminary, unaudited figures', 'strong sales growth', 'significant sales growth', 'strong fourth quarter', 'growing US market', 'strong growth', 'Significant growth', 'preliminary figures', 'entire Group', 'peer group', 'market environment', 'record growth', 'first quarter', 'energy transition', 'energy infrastructure', 'Sales revenues', 'Preliminary Results', 'growing regions', 'preliminary calculations', 'Indian market', 'market access', 'market consolidation', 'current quarter', 'second quarter', 'SFC site', 'Key word', 'previous year', 'North America', 'F3C:DE', 'leading supplier', 'full year', 'fiscal year', 'record year', 'best marks', 'leading position', 'regional expansion', 'important steps', 'international expansion', 'New Delhi', 'solid foundation', 'sustainable expansion', 'enormous potential', 'crucial investments', 'long-term cost', 'competitive advantages', 'financial support', 'public households', 'Societies’ consensus', 'term priority', 'technological edge', 'increasing opportunities', 'three-pillar strategy', 'technology leadership', 'clear differentiation', '2023 reporting year', 'EBITDA increases', 'EBITDA margin', 'hydrogen economies', 'earnings performance', 'high demand', 'EBIT margin', 'Order backlog', 'EQS-News', 'profitability', 'Forecast', 'CEST', 'issuer', 'content', 'announcement', 'EUR', 'level', 'December', 'Internationalization', 'fruit', 'Asia', 'segments', 'Brunnthal/Munich', 'Germany', 'February', 'stationary', 'CEO', 'field', 'success', 'momentum', 'end', 'subsidiary', 'production', 'presence', 'Gurgaon', 'future', 'UK', 'transfer', 'Know-how', 'equipment', 'construction', 'plan', 'development', 'world', 'extent', 'need', 'resilience', 'line', 'course', 'industry', '07', '30']",2024-02-22,2024-02-23,marketscreener.com
36528,Deutsche Boerse,Bing API,https://www.theguardian.com/artanddesign/2024/feb/23/deutsche-borse-prize-review-from-crotchless-knickers-to-the-sound-of-a-grave,Deutsche Börse prize review – from crotchless knickers to the sound of a grave,Photography’s consistent failures to see  the impossibility of describing everything in visual terms – these have become compelling subjects  and they surface in the displays by all four shortlisted artists at this year’s Deutsche Börse photography ...,I’m standing in a black box. It’s so dark I can hardly see. There are ominous scraping and scratching sounds  the distinctive chink of metal  the vexing buzz of insects reverbing through a subwoofer. The effect is bodily  a kind of reverse ASMR. It sounds like death. And it turns out that’s exactly what I’m listening to.A sound installation devoid of visuals is a bold entry point for an exhibition of photography. But it also makes sense  since it deals with two of photography’s biggest current problems: absence and apathy. Photography’s consistent failures to see  the impossibility of describing everything in visual terms – these have become compelling subjects  and they surface in the displays by all four shortlisted artists at this year’s Deutsche Börse photography foundation prize.The images you encounter inside the black box – an installation by Syrian-born artist Hrair Sarkissian which bears the heavy title Deathscape – are the ones you come up with yourself. Sarkissan’s argument is that seeing could never be enough. We need to get to images through action – to feel before we see  in order to understand. Deathscape is also a document of an action: the excavation of a mass grave in Spain  a citizen-led initiative to recover the bodies of relatives who met their fate under Franco’s brutal regime.View image in fullscreen More than meets the eye… from the series Last Seen  2018-2021. Photograph: Hrair SarkissianEmerging from Deathscape  there is another project by Sarkissian. At first  it looks like spartan images of generic homes – living rooms  kitchens  gardens – all hauntingly empty. After Deathscape  you’re primed to understand there’s more to this than meets the eye; these Last Seen (2018-2021) are in fact documents of absence  photographs of the last places loved ones were seen by their families  before they disappeared during conflicts in Argentina  Brazil  Lebanon  and Bosnia and Herzegovina. Their names and the date of their disappearance is embossed on the image – only visible when you get up close. Their whereabouts is still unknown  leaving their relatives in agonising limbo. The emptiness of two glasses abandoned on a kitchen table becomes horrifying.Viennese performer and pioneering feminist artist Valie Export is nominated for her retrospective The Photographs. As the show is still touring  this display has been curated as a mini-survey of Export’s work  from documents of early guerrilla performances such as her Action Pants: Genital Panic  when she paraded around a cinema in Munich in trousers from which a triangle had been removed at the crotch  to her Body Configurations  in which she literally re-inserts her body into patriarchal structures  lying  squeezing and contorting her body into grooves and alcoves of buildings that represent authority and power – a kind of urban version of Ana Mendieta’s Earth Body. There are no live colonoscopies here  though Export once had one in front of an audience. With humour  it all makes the point that the patriarchy wasn’t designed for women or their bodies.View image in fullscreen Won’t fit the mould … Smart Export. Photograph: Valie ExportExport is neither “now” – most of the work here was made in the 1970s – or strictly a photographer. Yet it’s easy to see how her influence has been far-reaching  from Marina Abramović (who restaged some of Export’s performances)  to Carrie Mae Weems’ Museum Series and Hito Steyerl’s cyborgian feminism. Photography has been an important witness to her wild and radical interventions over the years. And the photographs – such as the artist extending her branded Valie Export pack of cigarettes towards the camera – are unforgettable.Prix Pictet winning Gauri Gill and collaborator Rajesh Vangad are nominated for a co-authored book  Fields of Sight  which was published last year. Much of Gill’s work is devoted to telling the stories of – and with – marginalised  peripheral communities across India  challenging traditional documentary photography. This work synthesises her photographs of an Adivasi village on the coast of Maharashta  with the ornate imaginary of Vangad  a Warli painter – a traditional art form practised by the Indigenous Warli community.Vangad was initially Gill’s guide  but recognising the impossibility of capturing the complexity and richness of the place  he became her protagonist and collaborator – her photographs a canvas for his intricate geometric motifs  representing the past  present and future of each site Gill photographed. There are stories of labour  displacement  violence and destruction – things you simply cannot see in a single image. Vangad’s painting dances across the photographs  animating them. Imagination seems to bring us closer to the truth.skip past newsletter promotion Sign up to Art Weekly Free weekly newsletter Your weekly art world round-up  sketching out all the biggest stories  scandals and exhibitions Enter your email address Sign up Privacy Notice: Newsletters may contain info about charities  online ads  and content funded by outside parties. For more information see our Newsletters may contain info about charities  online ads  and content funded by outside parties. For more information see our Privacy Policy . We use Google reCaptcha to protect our website and the Google Privacy Policy and Terms of Service apply. after newsletter promotionView image in fullscreen Mud  Brick  Building  2018  from the series Fields of Sight. Photograph: Raj Salhotra/© Gauri Gill and Rajesh VangadPhotography doesn’t have to offer a single point of view. Lebohang Kganye’s work is an attempt to deal with this in a natural climax to the show. The room is filled with Kganye’s sepia-toned  theatrical cutouts  archival and family photographs printed at life-size scale directly on to honeycomb cardboard  and attached to supports. These scenographies represent the Kganye family’s history – her great grandparents with a herd of cattle; her grandmother who was forced off her land during apartheid and became a domestic worker stands in her kitchen  an iron heating on the stove. A typical home in a township  washing hanging on the line  materialises memories from a family photo album. As you contemplate these theatrical tableaux  the light shifts overhead  casting shadows in the place of images. Kganye  too  is concerned with absence. These cutouts are silhouettes for lives lived and for love lost  that remind us that photographs can never be stand-ins for life or love.The Deutsche Börse – the Turner prize of the photography world – can only be as good as the art on show in the last year (artists and photographers are nominated by an international jury of experts on the basis of exhibitions or books that have taken place in Europe in the preceding 12 months). This year’s cohort converges with startling clarity in a summative survey that is in sync with the cataclysmic world outside it.,neutral,0.02,0.91,0.06,mixed,0.14,0.19,0.67,True,English,"['Deutsche Börse prize review', 'crotchless knickers', 'sound', 'grave', 'Deutsche Börse photography foundation prize', 'Carrie Mae Weems’ Museum Series', 'Art Weekly Free weekly newsletter', 'weekly art world round-up', 'traditional art form', 'four shortlisted artists', 'marginalised, peripheral communities', 'intricate geometric motifs', 'past newsletter promotion', 'biggest current problems', 'Indigenous Warli community', 'traditional documentary photography', 'bold entry point', 'pioneering feminist artist', 'early guerrilla performances', 'Valie Export pack', 'collaborator Rajesh Vangad', 'Warli painter', 'black box', 'ominous scraping', 'scratching sounds', 'distinctive chink', 'vexing buzz', 'reverse ASMR', 'consistent failures', 'visual terms', 'compelling subjects', 'Syrian-born artist', 'heavy title', 'mass grave', 'citizen-led initiative', 'brutal regime', 'Last Seen', 'generic homes', 'living rooms', 'last places', 'agonising limbo', 'two glasses', 'kitchen table', 'Viennese performer', 'Genital Panic', 'patriarchal structures', 'urban version', 'Ana Mendieta', 'live colonoscopies', 'Marina Abramović', 'Hito Steyerl', 'cyborgian feminism', 'important witness', 'radical interventions', 'Prix Pictet', 'Adivasi village', 'ornate imaginary', 'email address', 'Privacy Notice', 'online ads', 'outside parties', 'biggest stories', 'View image', 'single image', 'Hrair Sarkissian', 'Smart Export', 'sound installation', 'Body Configurations', 'Earth Body', 'spartan images', 'Action Pants', 'Gauri Gill', 'The Photographs', 'metal', 'insects', 'subwoofer', 'effect', 'kind', 'death', 'visuals', 'exhibition', 'sense', 'absence', 'apathy', 'impossibility', 'everything', 'displays', 'year', 'Sarkissan', 'argument', 'order', 'excavation', 'Spain', 'bodies', 'relatives', 'fate', 'Franco', 'fullscreen', 'project', 'kitchens', 'gardens', 'fact', 'documents', 'families', 'conflicts', 'Argentina', 'Brazil', 'Lebanon', 'Bosnia', 'Herzegovina', 'names', 'date', 'disappearance', 'whereabouts', 'emptiness', 'retrospective', 'show', 'mini-survey', 'work', 'cinema', 'Munich', 'trousers', 'triangle', 'crotch', 'grooves', 'alcoves', 'buildings', 'authority', 'power', 'front', 'audience', 'humour', 'patriarchy', 'women', 'mould', '1970s', 'photographer', 'influence', 'wild', 'branded', 'cigarettes', 'camera', 'book', 'Fields', 'Sight', 'India', 'coast', 'Maharashta', 'guide', 'complexity', 'richness', 'protagonist', 'canvas', 'present', 'future', 'site', 'labour', 'displacement', 'violence', 'destruction', 'things', 'painting', 'Imagination', 'truth', 'scandals', 'Newsletters', 'info', 'charities', 'content']",2024-02-23,2024-02-23,theguardian.com
36529,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2024/02/22/2833958/0/en/EVS-reports-2023-results.html,EVS reports 2023 results,Publication on February 22  2024  after market closingRegulated and inside information – Press release annual resultsEVS Broadcast Equipment S.A.: Euronext Brussels (EVS.BR)  Bloomberg (EVS BB)  Reuters (EVSB.BR),"Publication on February 22  2024  after market closingRegulated and inside information – Press release annual resultsEVS Broadcast Equipment S.A.: Euronext Brussels (EVS.BR)  Bloomberg (EVS BB)  Reuters (EVSB.BR)EVS reports 2023 resultsLiège  Belgium  February 22nd  2024EVS further delivers profitable growth in 2023  validating the effectiveness of its PlayForward strategyThe robust financial performance of EVS in 2023 underscores the effectiveness of the implemented strategy aimed at fostering sustained and profitable long-term growth. Despite the absence of significant Big Event Rental revenue in an uneven year 2023  EVS achieved record-breaking revenue and demonstrated strong profitability. This success serves as a testament to the efficacy of its PlayForward strategy.Full-year HighlightsOrder intake outpacing revenue at EUR 192.9 million  including EUR 7.4 million of Big Event Rental (BER).Revenue performance landing north of our guidance at EUR 173.2 million  growing 16.9% vs. FY22 despite being an uneven year without major Big Event Rental activity.Operating expenses are well controlled  with a start of depreciation of some intangible assets in 4Q23.EBIT closes in at EUR 41.1 million  landing EUR 2.3 million above our guidance  following the associated revenue performance.Healthy net profit at EUR 36.9 million (21.3% net margin) resulting in fully diluted earnings per share of EUR 2.65.Second half HighlightsStrong order intake of EUR 108.9 million.Revenue for the second half of 2023 at EUR 85.8 million  growing 6.6% compared to the same period last year.Net profit amounts to EUR 15.8 million  leading to fully diluted earnings per share of EUR 1.13.OutlookThe important order intake of 2023 has considerably fueled the order book to be delivered in future periods. The total order book at the end of 2023 is of EUR 153.2 million  growing 12.9% compared to the same period last year. The order book reserved for 2024 is estimated at EUR 100.4 million  growing 16.9% compared to beginning of the year 2023. Out of this number  EUR 7.4 million is reserved for Big Event Rentals. Post closing  we secured additional Big Event Rental contracts.Based on the order book and current market dynamics  the revenue guidance for the year 2024 is set at EUR 180-195 million.EVS plans a controlled increase in number of team members in order to support further growth.We expect to pay out dividends in 2024 in line with our dividend policy  namely a base dividend per share of EUR 1.10.Key figuresEUR millions  except earnings per share expressed in EUR 2H23 2H22 Variance FY23 FY22 Variance Revenue 85.8 80.5 5.3 173.2 148.2 25.0 Gross profit 59.4 53.0 6.4 120.6 98.8 21.8 Gross margin % 69.3% 65.9% +3.4 Pts 69.6% 66.7% +2.9 Pts Operating profit – EBIT 16.2 16.0 0.2 41.1 31.7 9.4 Operating margin – EBIT % 18.9% 19.9% -1.0 Pts 23.8% 21.4% +2.4 Pts Net profit (Group share) 15.8 15.9 -0.1 36.9 31.3 5.6 Fully diluted EPS (Group share) 1.13 1.14 -0.01 2.65 2.29 0.36CommentsSerge Van Herck  CEO  comments:“I’m proud to announce outstanding financial performance for the fiscal year 2023. EVS has achieved remarkable milestones  setting a new revenue record  delivering strong profitability  and generating a strong order book for the third consecutive year.We achieved a new revenue record  underscoring our commitment to sustainable growth. Despite the expected absence of Big Event Rental revenues in an uneven year  our strong revenue growth and effective cost control strategies resulted in robust profitability  a testament to the success of our PlayForward strategy.The Live Audience business segment  LAB  experienced significant order intake growth  highlighting our expanding market share in broadcast studio environments. The Media Infrastructure solution segment also played a pivotal role in driving order intake growth across all regions  with anticipated contributions to Big Event Rental revenues in 2024.We secured rental and support service contracts for major sporting events in 2024  ensuring a strong foundation for Big Event Rental revenues in the upcoming year. This strategic move reinforces our position as a key player in the industry and demonstrates our ability to secure long-term high-profile partnerships.Customer satisfaction has reached new heights  as evidenced by the significant progress in Net Promoter Score (NPS) over the last three years  as measured by Devoncroft. Internally  our team members maintain a high level of engagement  as reflected in our yearly internal engagement survey. This commitment to excellence is further highlighted by the recognition as a 'Top Employer' in Belgium for the second consecutive year  placing us among an elite group of close to 90 companies.On the Environmental  Social  and Governance (ESG) side  we have defined ambitious 2030 goals. EVS now proudly boasts a strong ESG rating  placing it in the top 15% of the best companies worldwide  according to evaluations from Ecovadis and Sustainalytics.We continue to drive innovation with our generative AI-enabled XtraMotion solution as a clear example. This technology is creating a buzz within the industry  particularly in the LiveCeption solution  where it transforms regular broadcast cameras into super slow-motion cameras. The introduction of artificial intelligence-based search capabilities in the MediaCeption solution  along with the launch of the VIA MAP content management platform during the international broadcast conference in Amsterdam  showcases our commitment to pushing the boundaries of technological advancements.EVS also continued its tradition of delivering robust dividends.In conclusion  our PlayForward strategy is clearly being appreciated by our customers and channel partners. This is helping us to confirm our profitable and sustainable growth mode. While economic market conditions remain very challenging with high interest rates  certain component shortages and with the wars in Ukraine and Gaza  we feel that our customers  channel partners and EVS operators increasingly appreciate the reliability  performance and innovative edge of our solutions and services.”Commenting on the results and the outlook  Veerle De Wit  CFO  said:“Our 2023 order intake and revenue results are a clear testimony to our strategy in action. Our ambition for the year was to realize profitable and sustainable growth  in a year with no Big Event Rental. Several key performance indicators demonstrate that our PlayForward strategy is paying off. We attract new customers  we expand our portfolio of solutions with existing customers  we grow our LAB business  … and our Media Infrastructure business demonstrates its growth potential in the market.With the focus on profitable growth  we have managed to maintain good control over our cost base. During the first three quarters of the year we kept our team member base flat  as to ensure we fully absorbed the hirings of 2022. We did accelerate hirings towards the end of 2023  based on the strong growth trajectory both of our revenue and order intake.Our operational expenses grew in a controlled way. In the fourth quarter we have seen an increase in our operational expenses with the start of the depreciation of an important intangible asset created over the past two years (following the announcement of VIA MAP launch in September 2023). Control over our spending patterns remains an attention point for 2024  especially in the current volatile market.We managed to generate a strong Net Profit worth EUR 36.9 million  driving a diluted Earnings Per Share of EUR 2.65.Our balance sheet also remains healthy with a very low debt level and a sound cash position.Based on the strong results for the year 2023  we are able to maintain our dividend policy defined earlier in 2022.”Market & customersUnprecedented Market Traction and Financial PerformanceEVS has achieved unparalleled success in 2023  setting new records in revenue and order intake. This exceptional performance is a testament to the strong market traction EVS is experiencing  driven primarily by significant growth in Live Audience Business (LAB) market pillar and the Media Infrastructure solution in particular. The remarkable success of our MediaInfra solution is a clear indication of the strategic value of our acquisition of Axon in 2020  yielding substantial returns on investment three years post-acquisition.Growth Drivers and Strategic InvestmentsThe surge in revenues and order intake is largely attributed to the growth of our LAB segment. Our LAB customers are at the forefront of redefining their infrastructures  not only transitioning to Live IP but also innovating to enhance production efficiency. Through our Media Infrastructure offerings  we enable customers to undertake a seamless migration to more advanced systems  ensuring their investments are future-proof. The introduction of the multiviewer Neuron View and the expansion of the Neuron platform application family underscore our commitment to adding value for our clients. Similarly  the widespread adoption of Cerebrum as a video stream monitoring and control solution  offering unrivaled flexibility and comprehensive connectivity options  emphasizes the effectiveness of our open platform strategy.Global Deployment and Customer SupportOur solutions  including MediaCeption and the XT-VIA servers alongside LiveCeption solutions  continue to be deployed globally by LAB and Live Sevice Providers (LSP) customers  respectively. The increasing demand for our Service Level Agreements (SLAs) highlights our role as a trusted partner in navigating the complexities of production environments. This not only secures our sales for the coming years but also enhances the predictability of our revenue streams.Strategic Initiatives and Industry RecognitionFollowing the PlayForward strategic initiative in 2020  EVS has evolved into a comprehensive solution provider  now integrating these solutions into a cohesive ecosystem. The introduction of the content management platform VIA MAP at IBC represents a significant step towards ensuring consistency across our solutions and facilitating seamless interactions between different customer segments.Our commitment to excellence and innovation has been recognized through various awards  including accolades in ESG  HR  and product innovation  notably the Golden Bridge and XtraMotion's Best of Show at NAB 2023. Additionally  the renewal of FIFA's certification for our VAR product further solidifies our industry standing.Supply Chain and Operational ReadinessWhile the supply chain situation has shown improvement  challenges persist amid ongoing geopolitical tensions. EVS remains vigilant  preparing strategically to mitigate potential impacts.As we gear up for the summer's major broadcasting events  our focus is on the final stages of preparation  from manufacturing to testing the next generation of products. This upcoming global showcase serves as a live demonstration of our capabilities to customers worldwide  reinforcing the trust placed in EVS by Host Broadcasters for these high-profile events.TechnologiesContinued Investment in Technological InnovationAt EVS  we remain steadfast in our commitment to spearheading innovation within our industry. In alignment with our strategic objectives  we have consistently allocated over 50% of our workforce to the technological development of our products and solutions. This dedication is pivotal to our ongoing progress and our ability to stay ahead in an industry characterized by rapid transformation. Our efforts are squarely focused on empowering our customers  equipping them with the necessary tools to navigate their unique challenges effectively.Advancements in Broadcast-Specific generative AI TechnologiesSince 2017  EVS has been at the forefront of integrating generative AI technologies tailored to the broadcast sector. This year  we did announce the launch of an enhanced ""on-prem"" version of XtraMotion  our generative AI-driven slow-motion replay solution. This latest iteration boasts significant improvements in quality and a notable reduction in latency  enabling operators to capture and leverage high-quality imagery more efficiently. This achievement was recognized with a prestigious ""Best of Show award"" at NAB 2023  a testament to our unwavering commitment to excellence and innovation. Furthermore  our use of generative AI extends to enhancing workflows within MediaCeption  facilitating the automatic generation of metadata and enriching the user experience.Pioneering 5G for Remote Production WorkflowsOur “Flex Production” case study  developed in collaboration with Orange Belgium  Théâtre de Liège and La Grand Poste de Liège  successfully demonstrated EVS's ability to exploit the potential of 5G technology for remote production flows  while strengthening the development of local communities and cultural organizations. This achievement underscores the effectiveness of our Balanced Computing approach  proving its relevance and applicability in real-world scenarios. Through this initiative  EVS reaffirms its position as a leader in leveraging cutting-edge technologies to redefine production workflows.Commitment to SustainabilityEVS is deeply committed to sustainability  actively pursuing initiatives aimed at reducing the carbon footprint of our operations and  by extension  that of our customers. We have made significant strides in optimizing our architectures to minimize power consumption and have designed new products and solution components to manage infrastructure in an energy-efficient manner. These efforts reflect our dedication to environmental stewardship and our responsibility towards fostering a more sustainable future.Corporate topicsPart of our PlayForward strategy is based on improving our internal way of working. After the implementation of a new ERP system in October 2022  we have now expanded the footprint of the ERP to include our latest acquisition Axon. This final step is ensuring a global integration of all our processes and guarantees an optimal customer experience. This is a major step for our company and fully prepares us to digest for future growth.We also continued in 2023 our systemic list price adjustments. Even though market conditions have somewhat stabilized throughout 2023  we continue to evaluate the need for price adjustments as to protect the margin generation of the company. The analysis lead to a price increase in February 2023  while no pricing adjustment was introduced to the market in September 2023.2023 is also the year where we consolidated our sustainability efforts in terms of ESG. Corporate sustainability is now embedded in all our operations. We have 9 main tracks that are important for us as a company  and that are important for our industry. The tracks are: customer carbon footprint  company carbon footprint  talent management  diversity & inclusion  customer experience  local social contribution  cyber security of our company  products and solutions  sustainable supply chain and business ethics. Each of these tracks are managed by an interdepartmental team and have a Leadership Team member as an executive sponsor. We have defined this year our long term objectives (horizon 2030) for each of those tracks and we systematically review the progress and refine our actions. Within the industry  we are recognized as an ESG leader and we continue to receive postive feedback from the market. In 2024 we will further refine our ESG strategy  based on a new carbon footprint analysis and we will focus on the deployment of CSRD (Corporate Social Responsibility Directive).Within the framework of Directive (EU) 2019/1937 of 23 October 2019 on the protection of persons who report breaches of Union law  transposed into Belgian law by the Whistleblowers Act for the private sector of 28 November 2022  which came into force on 15 February 2023  EVS has set up an appropriate Whistleblowing policy and Speaking Up Procedure.Second half and full-year revenueIn 2H23  revenue reached EUR 85.8 million  representing an increase of EUR 5.3 million or 6.6% compared to 2H22  despite the absence of Big Event Rentals in the period (vs. EUR 4.2 million of BER in 2H22).At constant currency  revenue increased by 11.4% YoY.Revenue – EUR millions 2H23 2H22 2H23/2H22 Total reported 85.8 80.5 6.6% Total at constant currency 83.2 80.5 3.4% Total at constant currency and excluding Big Event Rentals 83.5 76.3 9.4%For the full year 2023  revenue reached EUR 173.2 million  representing an increase of EUR 25.0 million or 16.9% compared to 2022  despite the absence of Big Event Rentals in the period (vs. EUR 10.0 million of BER in FY22). Corrected for Big Event Rentals the growth is of 25.3%. This performance demonstrates the organic growth realized in 2023.At constant currency  revenue increased by 15.0% YoY.Revenue – EUR millions FY23 FY22 FY23/FY22 Total reported 173.2 148.2 16.9% Total at constant currency 170.3 148.2 15.0% Total at constant currency and excluding Big Event Rentals 170.5 138.3 23.2%Currency fluctuations primarily impact EVS revenues by the EUR/USD conversion  which can have a significant impact on our results even if EUR/USD fluctuations also impact the cost of our US operations and partially our cost of goods sold.In the second half of the year  (excl. Big Event Rentals) LSP represented 40% (40% in 2H22) of the revenue  LAB 60% (55% in 2H22). The growth of LAB business is one of the strategic pillars of EVS and demonstrates our ability to expand our footprint with generic broadcasters.Full-year earningsConsolidated gross margin was at 69.7% for FY23  compared to 66.7% in FY22 (+3.0 Pts) explained by positive impact of sales price increases and a higher volume of software compared to hardware in certain solutions. The increase of revenue linked to services also explains the gross margin increase. This has resulted primarily in improved margins for most of our solutions.Operating expenses increased by 19% YoY explained by an increase in team member base  inflation on labour cost  energy prices and travel expenses. Additionally  in 2023  EVS made investments in its digital transformation journey. The investments made in intangible assets throughout 2022 and 2023 also had a significant impact on the 2023 results  as we started the depreciation of one important project in the fourth quarter.Overall EBIT performance was of EUR 41.1 million  generating an EBIT margin of 23.8%.The net profit ended at EUR 36.9 million  with income tax expense amounting to EUR 3.6 million for the full year 2023 (compared to EUR 1.4 million in 2022). The increase in income tax is mainly driven by higher taxable profit  combined with the limitation on the deduction of tax latencies from previous years in Belgium  leading to lower amount of deferred tax asset that can be used during the period.The net profit leads to a fully diluted earnings per share of EUR 2.65 (versus EUR 2.29 in 2022).Second half earningsThe gross profit margin in 2H23 reached 69.3% compared to 65.9% in the same period last year.Operating expenses grew 17% in 2H23 compared to the same period last year  reflecting a controlled increase in line with the increase of the activities.The 2H23 EBIT margin was 18.9%. compared to 19.8% in 2H22. The impact of the depreciation of the intangible assets in fourth quarter is explaining the slight drop.The Group net profit amounts to EUR 15.8 million in 2H23 compared to EUR 15.9 million in 2H22. Fully diluted earnings per share amounts to EUR 1.13 in 2H23 compared to EUR 1.14 in 2H22.Balance sheet and cash flow statementBalance sheet remains strong with net cash position of EUR 36.6 million with low debt level (of which EUR 12.7 million related to IFRS 16)  resulting in a total equity representing 76% of the total balance sheet as of the end of 2023.Working capital requirements are growing at EUR 89.6 million  primarily linked to growing trade receivables that evolve largely in line with our overall sales volumes. The working capital over sales ratio slightly improves from 53% at year-end 2022 to 52% at the end of 2023.Other intangible assets include the costs for internal development capitalized during 2022 and 2023 according to IAS 38 (Intangible assets).Lands and building mainly include the headquarters in Liège as well as the right of use for the offices abroad (IFRS16).Inventories amount to EUR 33.0 million  an increase of EUR 4.2 million compared to the beginning of the year with the aim to support the growth of activities. The ratio of inventory vs. sales remains stable compared to prior years at 19%.Liabilities include EUR 14.3 million of financial debt (including long term and short-term portion)  mainly related to the lease liabilities for EUR 12.7 million and borrowings for EUR 1.7 million. Long-term provisions include the provision for technical warranty on EVS products for labor and parts. Other amounts payable mainly represent deferred income and advance payments received from customers on contracts in progress.Net cash from operating activities amounts to EUR 35.7 million for the full year 2023  compared to EUR 11.0 million in 2022. The increase is mainly driven by higher net profit and lower variance in working capital requirements compared to the previous year  mainly on trade receivables (large volume of invoices were issued in late 2022 given a temporary hold of invoicing operations after the Go-Live of the new ERP system). On December 31  2023  cash and cash equivalents total EUR 50.9 million  compared to EUR 49.1 million at the end of 2022. The increase is mainly driven by the higher cash from operating activities as described above  partially offset by the net cash used in investing activities of EUR -7.5 million linked to the investments in intangible and tangible assets (specifically in the internal development of intangible assets) together with the net cash used in financing activities of EUR -25.9 million  mainly driven by total dividend payment of EUR -21.5 million.At the end of December 2023  there were 14 327 024 EVS shares outstanding  of which 893 820 were owned by the company. At the same date  680 875 warrants were outstanding with an average exercise price of EUR 19.82 and maturities between October 2026 and October 2029.Team membersAt the end of 2023  EVS employed 622 team members (FTE). This is an increase by 9 team members compared to the end of 2022 (613 FTE). In 2023  EVS deliberately limited the increase in team members  as we had a wish to stabilize the workforce after a strong hiring period in 2022. Towards the end of 2023  we accelerated hirings again  given the topline growth. For 2024  we expect a controlled increase in the number of team members as to continue and fuel our future growth.Corporate updateThere has been no further change to the composition of the Board of Directors since the last General Assembly on May 16th 2023 during which the shareholders had appointed two new directors  Serge Van Herck (representing InnoVision bv) and Soumya Chandramouli (representing FRINSO SRL)  both for a period of 4 years. The Board of Directors is currently composed of nine directors:Johan Deschuyffeleer   independent director & President (representing The House of Value bv);  independent director & President (representing The House of Value bv); Michel Counson   managing director;  managing director; Martin De Prycker   independent director (representing InnoConsult bv);  independent director (representing InnoConsult bv); Chantal De Vrieze   independent director (representing 7 Capital SRL);  independent director (representing 7 Capital SRL); Frédéric Vincent   independent director;  independent director; Marco Miserez   independent director;  independent director; Anne Cambier   independent director (representing Accompany You SRL);  independent director (representing Accompany You SRL); Serge Van Herck   CEO and managing director (representing InnoVision bv) ; and  CEO and managing director (representing InnoVision bv) ; and Soumya Chandramouli  independent director (representing FRINSO SRL).GlossaryTerm Definition Order book <date> Revenues planned to be recognized after the <date> based on current orders. LAB market pillar LAB – Live Audience BusinessRevenue from customers leveraging EVS products and solutions to create content for their own purposeThis market pillar covers the following types of customers: Broadcasters  Stadium  House of Worship  Corporate Media Centers  Sports organizations  Government & institutions  University & Colleges LSP market pillar LSP – Live Service ProvidersRevenue from customers leveraging EVS products and solutions to serve “LAB customers”This market pillar covers the following types of customers: Rental & facilities companies  Production companies  Freelance operators  Technology partners & system integrators buying for their own purpose BER market pillar BER – Big Event RentalRevenue from major non-yearly big event rental.This market pillar covers the following types of customers: host broadcasters for major events.In case of discrepancies between the English and the French Version  the English Version prevails.Conference callEVS will hold a conference call in English on February 23rd at 10.00 am CET for financial analysts and institutional investors. Other interested parties may join the call in a listen-only mode. The presentation used during the conference call will be available shortly before the call on the EVS website.Participants must register for the conference using the link provided below. Upon registering  each participant will be provided with Participant Dial In Numbers  Direct Event Passcode and unique Registrant ID.1. Online registration: https://register.vevent.com/register/BI65178c2a77304896a0aee4f2f291d7a92. Webcast Player URL: https://edge.media-server.com/mmc/p/x8k4igzm/Corporate CalendarMay 16th  2024: Q1 2024 Trading update (post closing)May 21th  2024: General AssemblyAugust 13th  2024: H1 2024 results (attention to the advanced date) (post closing)November 14th  2024: Q3 2024 Trading update (post closing)For more information  please contact:Veerle De Wit  CFO*EVS Broadcast Equipment S.A.  Liege Science Park  13 rue Bois Saint-Jean  B-4102 Seraing  BelgiumTel: +32 4 361 70 04. E-Mail:corpcom@evs.com; www.evs.com* representing a SRLForward Looking StatementsThis press release contains forward-looking statements with respect to the business  financial condition  and results of operations of EVS and its affiliates. These statements are based on the current expectations or beliefs of EVS's management and are subject to a number of risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results or performance of the Company to differ materially from those contemplated in such forward-looking statements. These risks and uncertainties relate to changes in technology and market requirements  the company’s concentration on one industry  decline in demand for the company’s products and those of its affiliates  inability to timely develop and introduce new technologies  products and applications  and loss of market share and pressure on pricing resulting from competition which could cause the actual results or performance of the company to differ materially from those contemplated in such forward-looking statements. EVS undertakes no obligation to publicly release any revisions to these forward-looking statements to reflect events or circumstances after the date hereof or to reflect the occurrence of unanticipated events.About usWe create return on emotionEVS is globally recognized as the leading provider in live video technology for broadcast and new media productions. Spanning the entire production process  EVS solutions are trusted by production teams worldwide to deliver the most gripping live sports images  buzzing entertainment shows and breaking news to billions of viewers every day – and in real-time. As we continue to expand our footprint  our dedication to sustainable growth for both our business and the industry is clearly demonstrated through our ESG strategy. This commitment is not only reflected in our results  but also in our high ratings from different agencies.Headquartered in Liège  Belgium  the company has a global presence with offices in Australia  Asia  the Middle East  Europe  North and Latin America  employing over 600 team members and ensuring sales  training and technical support to more than 100 countries.EVS is a public company traded on Euronext Brussels: EVS  ISIN: BE0003820371.For more information  please visit www.evs.com.Final condensed consolidated financial informationFinal condensed consolidated income statement(EUR thousands) Notes FY23 FY22 2H23 2H22 Revenue 3 173 191 148 158 85 773 80 486 Cost of sales -52 548 -49 314 -26 368 -27 473 Gross profit 120 643 98 844 59 405 53 013 Gross margin % 69.7% 66.7% 69.3% 65.9% Selling and administrative expenses -46 567 -39 815 -25 246 -22 532 Research and development expenses -31 836 -26 267 -17 364 -14 368 Other income 180 200 74 150 Other expenses -488 -607 -424 -121 Profit-sharing plan and warrants -790 -643 -260 -169 Operating profit (EBIT) 41 142 31 712 16 185 15 973 Operating margin (EBIT) % 23.8% 21.4% 18.9% 19.8% Interest revenue on loans and deposits 230 106 149 76 Interest charges -920 -912 -491 -439 Other net financial income / (expenses) 19 1 793 -82 -146 Share in the result of the enterprise accounted for using the equity method 80 67 -77 -10 Profit before taxes (PBT) 40 551 32 766 15 684 15 454 Income taxes 4 -3 605 -1 422 74 442 Net profit 36 946 31 344 15 758 15 896 Attributable to : Non-controlling interest - - - - Share of the Group 36 946 31 344 15 758 15 896 EARNINGS PER SHARE (in number of shares and in EUR) FY23 FY22 2H23 2H22 Weighted average number of subscribed shares for the period less treasury shares 13 427 915 13 411 972 13 433 204 13 419 010 Weighted average fully diluted number of shares 13 950 751 13 681 084 13 991 046 13 768 895 Basic earnings – share of the Group 2.75 2.34 1.17 1.19 Fully diluted earnings – share of the Group (1) 2.65 2.29 1.13 1.14 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF COMPREHENSIVE INCOME (EUR thousands) FY23 FY22 2H23 2H22 Net profit 36 946 31 344 15 758 15 896 Other comprehensive income of the period Currency translation differences -270 324 -71 -231 Total of recyclable elements -270 324 -71 -231 Difference on opening - 460 - 460 Gains / (losses) on remeasurement of defined benefit obligations  net of tax -378 1 373 -378 440 Total of non-recyclable elements  net of tax -378 1 833 -378 900 Total other comprehensive income of the period  net of tax -648 2 157 -449 669 Total comprehensive income for the period 36 298 33 501 15 309 16 565 Attributable to : Non controlling interest - - - - Share of the Group 36 298 33 501 15 309 16 565(1) The diluted earnings per share does include:187 000 warrants attributed in October 2020  of which 146 750 are outstanding with an exercise price below the share price and with maturity in October 2026; 158 600 warrants attributed in June 2021  of which 152 600 are outstanding with an exercise price below the share price and with maturity in June 2027; 183 375 warrants attributed in September 2022  of which 182 625 are outstanding with an exercise price below the share price and with a maturity in September 2028; and 198 900 warrants attributed in October 2023  all outstanding with an exercise price below the share price and with a maturity in October 2029.Final condensed statement of financial position (balance sheet)ASSETS(EUR thousands) Notes Dec 31  2023 Dec 31  2022 Non-current assets: Goodwill 2 832 2 832 Other intangible assets 5 16 020 13 215 Lands and buildings 47 634 50 543 Other tangible assets 7 439 4 691 Investment accounted for using equity method 1 938 1 922 Other amounts receivables 3 458 3 647 Deferred tax assets 5 203 4 622 Financial assets 495 512 Total non-current assets 85 019 81 984 Current assets: Inventories 33 001 28 786 Trade receivables 67 243 58 856 Other amounts receivable  deferred charges and accrued income 15 122 14 365 Financial assets 244 174 Cash and cash equivalents 50 947 49 051 Total current assets 166 557 151 232 Total assets 251 576 233 216EQUITY AND LIABILITIES(EUR thousands) Notes Dec 31  2023 Dec 31  2022 Equity: Capital 8 772 8 772 Reserves 198 897 183 390 Treasury shares -17 174 -17 447 Total consolidated reserves 181 723 165 943 Translation differences 805 1 075 Equity  attributable to the owners of the parent 191 300 175 790 Non-controlling interest - - Total equity 10 191 300 175 790 Provisions 1 738 1 637 Deferred taxes liabilities 11 10 Financial debts 6 10 444 11 528 Other debts 143 120 Non-current liabilities 12 336 13 295 Financial debts 6 3 896 3 750 Trade payables 10 681 9 207 Amounts payable regarding remuneration and social security 12 481 11 219 Income tax payable 1 393 1 959 Other amounts payable  advances received  accrued charges and deferred income 19 489 17 996 Current liabilities 47 940 44 131 Total equity and liabilities 251 576 233 216Final condensed statement of cash flows(EUR thousands) Notes FY23 FY22 Cash flows from operating activities Net profit  share of the Group 36 946 31 344 Adjustment for: - Depreciation and write-offs on fixed assets 8 042 6 738 - Profit-sharing plan and warrants 10 790 642 - Provisions -388 212 - Income tax expense 3 605 1 422 - Net financial expense (+) / income (-) 672 -987 - Share of the result of entities accounted for under the equity method -80 -67 Adjustment for changes in working capital items: - Inventories -4 216 -2 834 - Trade receivables -8 198 -23 970 - Other amounts receivable  deferred charges and accrued income -2 592 -3 889 - Trade payables 1 474 -1 290 - Amounts payable regarding remuneration and social security 1 083 541 - Other amounts payable  advances received  accrued charges  and deferred income 1 375 4 776 - Conversion differences -1 013 803 Cash generated from operations 37 500 13 441 Income taxes paid 4 -1 798 -2 469 Net cash from operating activities 35 702 10 972 Cash flows from investing activities Purchase of intangible assets -4 525 -8 770 Purchase of tangible assets (lands and building and other tangible assets) -3 013 -1 101 Disposal of tangible assets 37 - Other financial assets 12 -102 Net cash used in investing activities -7 489 -9 973 Cash flows from financing activities Reimbursement of borrowings 6 -1 105 -1 095 Payment of lease liabilities -3 055 -2 828 Interests paid -556 -688 Interests received 230 75 Dividend received from investee 64 64 Dividend paid 11 -21 497 -20 112 Net cash used in financing activities -25 919 -24 584 Net increase / decrease in cash and cash equivalents 2 294 -23 585 Net foreign exchange difference -398 492 Cash and cash equivalents at beginning of period 49 051 72 144 Cash and cash equivalents at end of period 50 947 49 051Final condensed statement of change in equity(EUR thousands) Capital Reserves Treasury shares Currency translation differences Equity share of the Group Non-controlling interest Total equity Balance as per January 1  2022 8 772 170 570 -17 776 751 162 317 - 162 317 Profit or loss 31 344 31 344 31 344 Other comprehensive income 1 833 324 2 157 2 157 Total comprehensive income for the period 33 117 324 33 501 33 501 Share-based payments 581 581 581 Operations with treasury shares -329 329 - - Final dividend -13 402 -13 402 -13 402 Interim dividend -6 710 -6 710 -6 710 Other allocation -497 -497 -497 Balance as per December 31  2022 8 772 183 390 -17 447 1 075 175 790 - 175 790(EUR thousands) Capital Reserves Treasury shares Currency translation differences Equity share of the Group Non-controlling interest Total equity Balance as per January 1  2023 8 772 183 390 -17 447 1 075 175 790 - 175 790 Profit or loss 36 946 36 946 36 946 Other comprehensive income -378 -270 -648 -648 Total comprehensive income for the period 36 568 -270 36 298 36 298 Share-based payments 790* 790 790 Operations with treasury shares -273 273 - - Final dividend -14 780 -14 780 -14 780 Interim dividend -6 717 -6 717 -6 717 Other allocation -81 -81 -81 Balance as per December 31  2023 8 772 198 897 -17 174 804 191 300 - 191 300* Total amount includes EUR 816 granted and EUR -26 forfeitedNotes to the consolidated financial statementsNOTE 1: BASIS OF PREPARATION OF THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTSThe consolidated financial statements of EVS Group for the 12 month-period ended December 31  2023  are established and presented in accordance with the International Financial Reporting Standards (IFRS)  as adopted for use in the European Union. The condensed financial statements of the Group for the 12 month-period ending December 31  2023  were authorized for issue by the Board of Directors on February 22  2024. This condensed report provides an explanation of events and transactions that are significant to an understanding of the changes in financial position and reporting since the last annual reporting period and should therefore be read in conjunction with the full 2023 consolidated financial statements from which these condensed financial statements have been derived and which are planned to be published on EVS Group’s website by April 19  2024. The condensed financial statements are prepared on a going concern basis.NOTE 2.1: SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES AND METHODSThe consolidated financial statements of EVS Broadcast Equipment SA and of its subsidiaries have been prepared in accordance with the International Financial Reporting Standards (IFRS) adopted by the European Union. All standards and interpretations issued by the International Accounting Standards Board (IASB) and the International Financial Reporting Interpretations Committee (IFRIC) effective year-end 2023 and adopted by the European Union are applied by the Company. The consolidated financial statements have been prepared on an historical cost basis  except for the share-based payments (at the grant date)  derivative financial instruments and contingent considerations  which are measured at their fair value. The consolidated financial statements are presented in thousands of euros. All values are rounded figures to the nearest thousand unless otherwise indicated. The accounting policies and methods adopted for the preparation of the company's IFRS consolidated financial statements are consistent with those applied in the 2022 annual consolidated financial statements. The company’s IFRS accounting policies and methods are available in the 2022 annual report on www.evs.com  except for the new  amended or revised IFRS standards and IFRIC Interpretations that have been in effect since January 1  2023. The adoption of these new  amended or revised pronouncements did not have a significant impact on the consolidated financial statements of the Group.NOTE 2.2: JUDGMENTS AND ESTIMATESIn preparing the Company’s condensed consolidated financial statements  management makes judgments in applying various accounting policies. The areas of policy judgment are consistent with those followed in the preparation of EVS annual consolidated financial statements as of and for the year ended 31 December 2022.In addition  management is required to make estimates that affect amounts included in the financial statements. The estimates carried out on each reporting date reflect the conditions in force on these dates (for example: market price  interest rates and exchange rates). Although these estimates are based on the best knowledge of management of the existing events and of the actions that the group could undertake  the real results may differ from these estimates.The use of estimates is particularly applicable when performing goodwill impairment tests and evaluating any additions to the purchase price of past business combinations  the determination of the contingent consideration  determining the fair value of share-based payments  the evaluation of the deferred tax position  the measurement of employee benefit obligations and the determination of the percentage of completion of projects in progress. These estimates are further discussed in the Company’s annual report.NOTE 3: SEGMENT REPORTINGFrom an operational point of view  the company is vertically integrated with the majority of its staff located in the headquarters in Belgium  including the R&D  production  marketing and administration departments. This is the reason why the majority of the investments and costs are located at the level of the Belgian parent company. Resources securing the customer facing interactions such as sales  operations and support profiles are primarily hired within the respective regions. The foreign subsidiaries are primarily sales and representative offices. The Chief Operating Decision Maker  being the Executive Committee  reviews the operating results  operating plans  and makes resource allocation decisions on a company-wide basis. Revenue related to products of the same nature (digital broadcast production equipment) are realized by commercial polyvalent teams. The company’s internal reporting is the reflection of the above-mentioned operational organization and is characterized by the strong integration of the activities of the company.By consequence  the company is composed of one segment according to the IFRS 8 definition  and the consolidated income statement of the Group reflects this unique segment. All long-term assets are located in the parent company EVS Broadcast Equipment SA in Belgium.The company provides one class of business defined as solutions based on tapeless workflows with a consistent modular architecture. There are no other significant classes of business  either singularly or in aggregate. Identical modules can meet the needs of different markets  and our customers themselves are often multi-markets. Providing information for each module is therefore not relevant for EVS.At the geographical level  our activities are divided into the following regions: Asia-Pacific (“APAC”)  Europe  Middle East and Africa (“EMEA”)  and America (“NALA”). This division follows the organization of the commercial and support services within the Group  which operates worldwide. A fourth region is dedicated to the worldwide events (“big event rentals”).The company provides additional information with a presentation of the revenue by market pillar: “Live Service provider”  “Live Audience Business” and “Big Event Rentals” for rental contracts relating to the big sporting events.Finally  sales are presented by nature: sale of equipment and other services.3.1. Information on revenue by destinationRevenue can be presented by Market Pillar: “Live Service provider”  “Live Audience Business” and “Big event rentals”. Maintenance and after sale service are included in the complete solution proposed to the clients.Revenue (EUR thousands) 2H23 2H22 % 2H23/2H22 Live Audience Business 51 344 45 147 13.7% Live Service Provider 34 650 31 151 11.2% Big Event Rentals -0 221 4 187 -100.0% Total Revenue 85 773 80 486 6.6%Revenue (EUR thousands) FY23 FY22 % FY23/FY22 Live Audience Business 90 050 71 438 26.1% Live Service Provider 83 278 66 869 24.5% Big Event Rentals -0 137 9 850 -100.0% Total Revenue 173 191 148 158 16.9%3.2. Information on revenue by geographical areaActivities are divided in three regions: Asia-Pacific (“APAC”)  Europe  Middle East and Africa (“EMEA”)  and “Americas”. Aside of them  we make separate distinction for the category “Big Event Rentals” which is not attributed to specific region.Revenue for the YTD period (EUR thousands) APACexcl. events EMEAexcl. events Americasexcl. events Big eventrentals TOTAL 2H23 revenue 13 304 44 934 27 756 -0 221 85 773 Evolution versus 2H22 (%) 18.0% 14.9% 7.1% -100.0% 6.6% Variation versus 2H22 (%) at constant currency 18.0% 14.9% -2.6% -100.0% 3.4% 2H22 revenue 11 278 39 107 25 914 4 187 80 486Revenue for the YTD period (EUR thousands) APACexcl. events EMEAexcl. events Americasexcl. events Big eventrentals TOTAL FY23 revenue 30 260 86 721 56 347 -0 137 173 191 Evolution versus FY22 (%) 59.7% 28.0% 9.2% -100.0% 16.9% Variation versus FY22 (%) at constant currency 59.7% 28.0% 3.6% -100.0% 15.0% FY22 revenue 18 952 67 764 51 592 9 850 148 158Revenue realized in Belgium (the country of origin of the company) with external clients represent less than 5% of the total revenue for the period. In the last 12 months  the Group realized significant revenue with external customers (according to the definition of IFRS 8) in the United States for an amount of EUR 51.0 million (EUR 38.1 million in 2022) and in the United Kingdom for an amount of EUR 19.7 million (EUR 9.6 million in 2022).3.3. Information on revenue by natureRevenue can be presented by nature: sale of equipment and other services.Revenue (EUR thousands) 2H23 2H22 % 2H23/2H22 Sale of Equipment 71 893 64 226 11.9% Other services 13 880 16 259 -14.6% Total Revenue 85 773 80 486 6.6%Revenue (EUR thousands) FY23 FY22 % FY23/FY22 Sale of Equipment 149 795 118 015 26.9% Other services 23 396 30 142 -22.4% Total Revenue 173 191 148 158 16.9%Other services include the advice  installations  project management  rentals  training  maintenance  and distant support. Work in progress (“WIP”) contracts are included in both categories.The sales of equipment are recognized at a point in time while other services are recognized over time.3.4. Information on important customersOver the last 12 months  no external customer of the company represented more than 10% of the revenue (similar in 2022).NOTE 4: INCOME TAX EXPENSE(EUR thousands) FY23 FY22 - Current tax expense -4 060 -569 - Deferred tax expense 455 -853 Income tax expense -3 605 -1 422Income tax expense amounts to EUR 3.6 million for the full year 2023  compared to EUR 1.4 million in 2022. The increase is mainly explained by :higher taxable profit (+ 24% compared to 2022)  especially in Belgium (36.6 million EUR in 2023 vs 24.9 million EUR in 2022); andthe limitation on the deduction of tax latencies from previous years in Belgium which leads to a lower amount of deferred tax asset that can be used during the period.The effective tax rate for the period ended on December 31  2023 is 8.9%  compared to 4.3% in 2022.NOTE 5: INTANGIBLE ASSETSIntangible assets increased by EUR 2.8 million in the period as a result of the capitalization of internal development costs of EUR 4.5 million  partially offset by depreciation expenses of EUR 1.7 million.The intangible capitalized costs include mainly the internal personnel costs and external consultants’ costs related to the development phase of two important projects that should secure future growth for EVS. These projects consist in software that will be commercialized at the end of the development period. For one of the projects  the development period ended at the end of the third quarter  leading to the commencement of depreciation over a period of 5 years. The expected return on investment for the second project is scheduled for 2024  complementing the PlayForward strategy of the Group. The progress of these internal developments is monitored frequently as to ensure the future economic benefit remains assured.NOTE 6: FINANCIAL LIABILITIES(EUR thousands) 2023 2022 Long term financial debts Bank loans 561 1 675 Long term lease liabilities 9 883 9 853 Total 10 444 11 528 Amount due within 12 months (shown under current liabilities) Bank loans 1 114 1 105 Short term lease liabilities 2 782 2 645 Total 3 896 3 750 Total financial debt (short and long-term) 14 340 15 278In June 2020  a loan of EUR 5.5 million was put in place with BNP Paribas Fortis to partially finance the acquisition of Axon. The repayment schedule foresees first repayment of EUR 0.6 million in 2020 and annual installments of EUR 1.1 million between 2021 and 2024  with final repayment of EUR 0.6 million in 2025 at loan maturity.In June 2020  a roll over credit line of EUR 5.0 million was also put in place with Belfius bank to partially finance the acquisition of Axon. This amortizing credit line will expire at the end of June 2025. As of this date  EVS has not used this credit facility.Lease liabilities mainly include office lease contracts at the various affiliates worldwide and employees car leases.NOTE 7: FAIR VALUE OF THE FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTSThe fair value of the financial assets and liabilities is defined as the amount at which the instrument could be exchanged in a current transaction between willing parties  other than in a forced or liquidation sale.The following methods and assumptions were used to estimate the fair values:- Cash and cash equivalents and short-term investments  trade receivables  trade payables  and other current liabilities approximate their carrying amounts largely due to the short-term maturities of these instruments;- Long term fixed rate and variable rate other assets are evaluated by the Group based on parameters such as interest rates  specific country risk factors  individual creditworthiness of the customer and the risk characteristics of the financed project. Based on this evaluation  allowances are made to account for the expected losses of these receivables. As at December 31  2023  the carrying amounts of such receivables  net of allowances  are assumed not to be materially different from their calculated fair values;- The fair value of unquoted instruments  loans from banks and other financial liabilities  obligations under finance leases as well as other non-current financial liabilities is estimated by discounting future cash flows using the effective interest rates currently available for debt on similar terms  credit risk and remaining maturities. As of December 31  2023  the effective interest rate is not materially different from the nominal interest rate of the financial obligation;- The Group enters into derivative financial instruments with various counterparties  principally financial institutions with investment grade credit ratings. Derivatives valued using valuation techniques with market observable inputs are mainly foreign exchange forward and option contracts. The most frequently applied valuation techniques include forward pricing and swap models  using present value calculations. The models incorporate various inputs including foreign exchange spot and forward rates and interest rate curves.As at December 31  2023  the Group held the following financial instruments measured at fair value:(EUR thousands) December 31  2023 December 31  2022 Assets measured at fair value Financial assets at fair value through profit or loss Foreign exchange contracts – no hedge accounting 206 324The Group uses the following hierarchy for determining and disclosing the fair value of financial instruments by valuation technique:Level 1: quoted (unadjusted) prices in active markets for identical assets or liabilities;Level 2: other techniques for which all inputs which have a significant effect on the recorded fair value are observable  either directly or indirectly;Level 3: techniques that use inputs having a significant effect on the recorded fair value that are not based on observable market dataAll fair values mentioned in the above table relate to Level 2. There were no transfers between Level 1  Level 2 and Level 3 fair value measurements during the reporting period.NOTE 8: EXCHANGE RATESThe main exchange rates that influence the consolidated financial accounts are USD/EUR and GBP/EUR which were considered as follows:Exchange rate USD/EUR Average FY At December 31 2023 1.0815 1.1050 2022 1.0537 1.0666 Variation 2.6% 3.6%Exchange rate GBP/EUR Average FY At December 31 2023 0.8698 0.8690 2022 0.8527 0.8869 Variation 2.0% -2.0%NOTE 9: HEADCOUNT(in full time equivalents) At December 31 2023 622 2022 613 Variation +9At the end of 2023  the Group employed 622 team members (FTE). This is an increase by 9 team members compared to the end of 2022 (613 FTE). In 2023  EVS deliberately limited the increase in team members  as we had a wish to stabilize the workforce after a strong hiring period in 2022. Towards the end of 2023  we accelerated hirings again  given the topline growth. For 2024  we expect a controlled increase in the number of team members as to continue and fuel our future growth.NOTE 10: EQUITY SECURITIESThe variance in number of treasury shares and outstanding warrants in the period is as follows:2023 2022 Number of own shares at January 1 908 014 925 140 Acquisition of own shares on the market - - Sale of own shares on the market - - Allocation to Employees Profit Sharing Plans -14 194 -17 126 Sale related to Employee Stock Option Plan (ESOP) and other transactions - - Number of own shares at December 31 893 820 908 014 Outstanding warrants at December 31 680 875 492 975In 2023  the Group did not repurchase own shares on the stock market. No shares were used to satisfy the exercise of warrants by employees.The Ordinary General Meeting of shareholders of May 16  2023 approved the allocation of 14 194 shares to EVS employees (grant of 42 shares to each staff member in proportion to their effective or assimilated time of occupation in 2022) as a reward for their contribution to the Group successes.NOTE 11: DIVIDENDSThe Ordinary General Meeting of May 16  2023  approved the payment of a total gross dividend of EUR 1.10 per share for the year 2022.For the year 2023  an interim dividend of EUR 0.50 per share was paid in November 2023. Full year dividend of EUR 1.10 per share will be proposed to the Ordinary General Meeting of shareholders.(EUR thousands  gross) # Coupon Declaration date 2023 2022 - Final dividend for 2021 (incl. exceptional dividend)(EUR 1.00 per share excl. treasury shares) 32 May 2022 - 13 402 - Interim dividend for 2022(EUR 0.50 per share excl. treasury shares) 33 Nov. 2022 - 6 710 - Final dividend for 2022 (incl. exceptional dividend)(EUR 1.10 per share excl. treasury shares) 34 May 2023 14 780 - Interim dividend for 2023(EUR 0.50 per share excl. treasury shares) 35 Nov. 2023 6 717 Total paid dividends 21 497 20 112The latest dividend guidance issued in 2022 foresees total annual dividend distribution of EUR 1.10 per share in 2023 and 2024  subject to market conditions and to the approval of the Ordinary General Meeting of Shareholders.NOTE 12: RISKS AND UNCERTAINTIESInvesting in the stock of EVS involves risks and uncertainties. The risks and uncertainties relating to the current year are similar to the risks and uncertainties that have been identified by the management of the company and that are listed in the management report of the annual report (available at www.evs.com).In terms of new risks arising since the last annual report  we highlight the macro-economic environment  particulary the Middle East and the Red Sea crisis resulting in cargo shipping delays and price increases in the short term. While the situation is difficult to predict in the medium to long term  delays and cost increases are likely to continue into the following months as shipping firms begin to plan for an extended conflict. EVS closely monitors the developments in this area and pro-actively takes actions to keep these delays and rising costs under control or to minimize their effect on the profitability of the company. We also reiterate the potential impacts following the war in Ukraine. The company continues to comply with the international sanctions in vigor.NOTE 13: SUBSEQUENT EVENTSThere are no subsequent events that may have a material impact on the condensed financial statements of the Group.Certification of responsible personsSerge Van Herck  CEO*Veerle De Wit  CFO*Certify that  based on their knowledge a) the condensed consolidated financial statements  established in accordance with the International Financial Reporting Standards (IFRS) as adopted by the European Union  give a true and fair view of the assets  financial position and results of the EVS Group b) the press release presents the important events and a fair overview of the business development and the results of the EVS Group in the reporting period.* acting on behalf of a bvExternal AuditorThe condensed consolidated financial statements of EVS Broadcast SA for the year ending December 31  2023 were authorized for issuance in accordance with a resolution of the Board of Directors on February 22  2024. EY réviseurs d’Entreprises represented by Carlo-Sébastien d’Addario has confirmed that their audit procedures  which have been substantially completed  have not revealed any material adjustments which would have to be made to the accounting information included in this press release. The complete audit report related to the audit of the consolidated financial statements will be shown in 2023 annual report that will be published in April 2024.Attachment",neutral,0.02,0.98,0.01,positive,0.72,0.27,0.02,True,English,"['EVS', '2023 results', 'EUR 2H23 2H22 Variance FY23 FY22 Variance Revenue', 'The Live Audience business segment', 'The Media Infrastructure solution segment', 'major Big Event Rental activity', 'additional Big Event Rental contracts', 'EVS Broadcast Equipment S.A', 'significant Big Event Rental revenue', 'Big Event Rental revenues', 'effective cost control strategies', 'yearly internal engagement survey', 'significant order intake growth', 'Big Event Rentals', 'broadcast studio environments', 'support service contracts', 'major sporting events', 'Serge Van Herck', 'long-term high-profile partnerships', 'last three years', 'new revenue record', 'important order intake', 'outstanding financial performance', 'Net Promoter Score', 'current market dynamics', 'Strong order intake', 'profitable long-term growth', 'strong ESG rating', 'strong revenue growth', 'robust financial performance', 'third consecutive year', 'total order book', 'Second half Highlights', 'second consecutive year', 'Healthy net profit', 'strong order book', 'expanding market share', 'significant progress', 'Revenue performance', 'profitable growth', 'record-breaking revenue', 'new heights', 'strong profitability', 'sustainable growth', 'strong foundation', 'Full-year Highlights', 'robust profitability', 'ESG) side', '21.3% net margin', 'revenue guidance', 'Gross profit', 'Operating profit', 'inside information', 'Press release', 'Euronext Brussels', 'EVSB.BR', 'Liège', 'uneven year', 'Operating expenses', 'intangible assets', 'same period', 'future periods', 'controlled increase', 'team members', 'dividend policy', 'base dividend', 'Key figures', 'Gross margin', 'Operating margin', 'fiscal year', 'remarkable milestones', 'pivotal role', 'upcoming year', 'strategic move', 'key player', 'Customer satisfaction', 'high level', 'Top Employer', 'elite group', 'ambitious 2030 goals', 'PlayForward strategy', 'EVS.BR', 'EVS BB', 'Group share', 'annual results', 'expected absence', 'best companies', 'diluted earnings', '2023 results', '90 companies', 'Publication', 'February', 'closing', 'Bloomberg', 'Reuters', 'Belgium', 'effectiveness', 'sustained', 'success', 'testament', 'efficacy', 'start', 'depreciation', '4Q23', 'EBIT', 'associated', 'Outlook', 'beginning', 'number', 'dividends', 'line', 'Pts', 'EPS', 'Comments', 'CEO', 'commitment', 'LAB', 'regions', 'contributions', 'position', 'industry', 'NPS', 'Devoncroft', 'excellence', 'recognition', 'close', 'Governance', 'evaluations', 'Ecovadis', 'Sustainalytics', 'innovation', 'generati', '8']",2024-02-22,2024-02-23,globenewswire.com
36530,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2024/02/22/2833321/0/en/L-OR-Espresso-enters-into-global-partnership-with-Ferrari.html,L’OR Espresso enters into global partnership with Ferrari,PRESS RELEASE    Amsterdam  22 February 2024    JDE Peet’s (EURONEXT: JDEP) today announced that L’OR Espresso has entered into a new global...,PRESS RELEASEAmsterdam  22 February 2024JDE Peet’s (EURONEXT: JDEP) today announced that L’OR Espresso has entered into a new global partnership with Ferrari. The collaboration will see L’OR Espresso embark on a new chapter alongside the Ferrari in the FIA World Endurance Championship (WEC). The WEC is the world’s premier international sportscar championship and includes the legendary 24 Hours of Le Mans.The partnership between these two iconic brands is fuelled by the shared values such as passion and exquisite craftsmanship and will set the senses racing for the Ferrari team and fans around the world with the distinctive style and energy that L’OR Espresso and Ferrari exemplify.L’OR Espresso branding will be highly visible throughout Ferrari’s WEC racing environment  including branding on the Ferrari 499P Hypercar and driver uniforms. L’OR Espresso will partner with Ferrari to create bespoke content and activities to celebrate the awakening of the senses  intensity of experience  and passion that racing and coffee bring to our lives. L’OR Espresso will also be served using L’OR Barista brewing systems in Ferrari Hypercar team hospitality for racing team personnel  partners  and guests at WEC events around the world.This exciting collaboration will culminate with the launch of a limited edition bespoke range of coffee and coffee brewers inspired by the passion and craftmanship exemplified by both brands.L’OR Espresso will also partner with Ferrari Challenge Trofeo Pirelli  the most renowned single-marque championship that has brought together dream cars and passionate drivers on the world’s most prestigious tracks for over 30 years.Fiona Hughes  Chief Marketing Officer at JDE Peet’s  commented: “We are thrilled to launch our new global partnership with Ferrari. Through this partnership  we continue to demonstrate our commitment to consolidate L’OR Espresso as a global premium coffee brand. L’OR Espresso awakens your senses to experience the power of Ferrari. The sensorial link between the two brands is obvious: leading in passion  in intensity of experience and in exquisite craftsmanship. L’OR Espresso will provide the Ferrari endurance team with the focus they need and allows the fans to be fully immersed in the experience.”Lorenzo Giorgetti  Chief Racing Revenue Offices  commented: “We are very pleased to start collaborating with a leading coffee company like JDE Peet’s and its fast-growing premium brand L'OR Espresso. We share the values of passion  meticulous attention to the consumer  and research for innovation  and are thrilled to begin this journey together. I am convinced that the activation of this partnership will be a great success.”###EnquiriesMediaWill Hummel+31 6 3917 7280Media@JDEPeets.comInvestors & AnalystsRobin Jansen+31 6 1594 4569IR@JDEPeets.comAbout JDE Peet’sJDE Peet’s is the world's leading pure-play coffee and tea company  serving approximately 4 100 cups of coffee or tea per second. JDE Peet's unleashes the possibilities of coffee and tea in more than 100 markets  with a portfolio of over 50 brands including L’OR  Peet’s  Jacobs  Senseo  Tassimo  Douwe Egberts  OldTown  Super  Pickwick and Moccona. In 2023  JDE Peet’s generated total sales of EUR 8.2 billion and employed a global workforce of more than 21 000 employees. Read more about our journey towards a coffee and tea for every cup at www.jdepeets.com .Attachment,neutral,0.07,0.92,0.01,positive,0.67,0.31,0.02,True,English,"['L’OR Espresso', 'global partnership', 'Ferrari', 'L’OR Barista brewing systems', 'premier international sportscar championship', 'limited edition bespoke range', 'Chief Racing Revenue Offices', 'Ferrari Challenge Trofeo Pirelli', 'FIA World Endurance Championship', 'Ferrari Hypercar team hospitality', 'L’OR Espresso branding', 'global premium coffee brand', 'growing premium brand', 'renowned single-marque championship', 'Chief Marketing Officer', ""L'OR Espresso"", 'racing team personnel', 'Ferrari 499P Hypercar', 'Ferrari endurance team', 'WEC racing environment', 'new global partnership', 'two iconic brands', 'leading coffee company', 'bespoke content', 'global workforce', 'Ferrari team', 'new chapter', 'leading pure-play', 'two brands', 'PRESS RELEASE', 'The WEC', 'legendary 24 Hours', 'Le Mans', 'exquisite craftsmanship', 'distinctive style', 'driver uniforms', 'WEC events', 'dream cars', 'passionate drivers', 'prestigious tracks', 'Fiona Hughes', 'sensorial link', 'Lorenzo Giorgetti', 'meticulous attention', 'great success', 'Will Hummel', 'Robin Jansen', 'Douwe Egberts', 'total sales', 'JDE Peet', 'tea company', 'coffee brewers', 'exciting collaboration', 'Enquiries Media', '50 brands', 'Amsterdam', '22 February', 'EURONEXT', 'JDEP', 'values', 'senses', 'fans', 'energy', 'activities', 'awakening', 'intensity', 'experience', 'lives', 'guests', 'launch', 'craftmanship', '30 years', 'commitment', 'power', 'focus', 'fast', 'consumer', 'research', 'innovation', 'journey', 'activation', 'Investors', 'Analysts', '4,100 cups', 'second', 'possibilities', '100 markets', 'portfolio', 'Jacobs', 'Senseo', 'Tassimo', 'OldTown', 'Super', 'Pickwick', 'Moccona', '21,000 employees', 'Attachment']",2024-02-22,2024-02-23,globenewswire.com
36531,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/EVS-BROADCAST-EQUIPMENT-S-5999/news/EVS-reports-2023-results-46011190/,EVS reports 2023 results,(marketscreener.com) Publication on February 22  2024  after market closingRegulated and inside information – Press release annual resultsEVS Broadcast Equipment S.A.: Euronext Brussels   Bloomberg   Reuters EVS reports 2023 results Liège  Belgium  February 2…,"Publication on February 22  2024  after market closingRegulated and inside information – Press release annual resultsEVS Broadcast Equipment S.A.: Euronext Brussels (EVS.BR)  Bloomberg (EVS BB)  Reuters (EVSB.BR)EVS reports 2023 resultsLiège  Belgium  February 22nd  2024EVS further delivers profitable growth in 2023  validating the effectiveness of its PlayForward strategyThe robust financial performance of EVS in 2023 underscores the effectiveness of the implemented strategy aimed at fostering sustained and profitable long-term growth. Despite the absence of significant Big Event Rental revenue in an uneven year 2023  EVS achieved record-breaking revenue and demonstrated strong profitability. This success serves as a testament to the efficacy of its PlayForward strategy.Full-year HighlightsOrder intake outpacing revenue at EUR 192.9 million  including EUR 7.4 million of Big Event Rental (BER).Revenue performance landing north of our guidance at EUR 173.2 million  growing 16.9% vs. FY22 despite being an uneven year without major Big Event Rental activity.Operating expenses are well controlled  with a start of depreciation of some intangible assets in 4Q23.EBIT closes in at EUR 41.1 million  landing EUR 2.3 million above our guidance  following the associated revenue performance.Healthy net profit at EUR 36.9 million (21.3% net margin) resulting in fully diluted earnings per share of EUR 2.65.Second half HighlightsStrong order intake of EUR 108.9 million.Revenue for the second half of 2023 at EUR 85.8 million  growing 6.6% compared to the same period last year.Net profit amounts to EUR 15.8 million  leading to fully diluted earnings per share of EUR 1.13.OutlookThe important order intake of 2023 has considerably fueled the order book to be delivered in future periods. The total order book at the end of 2023 is of EUR 153.2 million  growing 12.9% compared to the same period last year. The order book reserved for 2024 is estimated at EUR 100.4 million  growing 16.9% compared to beginning of the year 2023. Out of this number  EUR 7.4 million is reserved for Big Event Rentals. Post closing  we secured additional Big Event Rental contracts.Based on the order book and current market dynamics  the revenue guidance for the year 2024 is set at EUR 180-195 million.EVS plans a controlled increase in number of team members in order to support further growth.We expect to pay out dividends in 2024 in line with our dividend policy  namely a base dividend per share of EUR 1.10.Key figuresEUR millions  except earnings per share expressed in EUR 2H23 2H22 Variance FY23 FY22 Variance Revenue 85.8 80.5 5.3 173.2 148.2 25.0 Gross profit 59.4 53.0 6.4 120.6 98.8 21.8 Gross margin % 69.3% 65.9% +3.4 Pts 69.6% 66.7% +2.9 Pts Operating profit – EBIT 16.2 16.0 0.2 41.1 31.7 9.4 Operating margin – EBIT % 18.9% 19.9% -1.0 Pts 23.8% 21.4% +2.4 Pts Net profit (Group share) 15.8 15.9 -0.1 36.9 31.3 5.6 Fully diluted EPS (Group share) 1.13 1.14 -0.01 2.65 2.29 0.36CommentsSerge Van Herck  CEO  comments:“I’m proud to announce outstanding financial performance for the fiscal year 2023. EVS has achieved remarkable milestones  setting a new revenue record  delivering strong profitability  and generating a strong order book for the third consecutive year.We achieved a new revenue record  underscoring our commitment to sustainable growth. Despite the expected absence of Big Event Rental revenues in an uneven year  our strong revenue growth and effective cost control strategies resulted in robust profitability  a testament to the success of our PlayForward strategy.The Live Audience business segment  LAB  experienced significant order intake growth  highlighting our expanding market share in broadcast studio environments. The Media Infrastructure solution segment also played a pivotal role in driving order intake growth across all regions  with anticipated contributions to Big Event Rental revenues in 2024.We secured rental and support service contracts for major sporting events in 2024  ensuring a strong foundation for Big Event Rental revenues in the upcoming year. This strategic move reinforces our position as a key player in the industry and demonstrates our ability to secure long-term high-profile partnerships.Customer satisfaction has reached new heights  as evidenced by the significant progress in Net Promoter Score (NPS) over the last three years  as measured by Devoncroft. Internally  our team members maintain a high level of engagement  as reflected in our yearly internal engagement survey. This commitment to excellence is further highlighted by the recognition as a 'Top Employer' in Belgium for the second consecutive year  placing us among an elite group of close to 90 companies.On the Environmental  Social  and Governance (ESG) side  we have defined ambitious 2030 goals. EVS now proudly boasts a strong ESG rating  placing it in the top 15% of the best companies worldwide  according to evaluations from Ecovadis and Sustainalytics.We continue to drive innovation with our generative AI-enabled XtraMotion solution as a clear example. This technology is creating a buzz within the industry  particularly in the LiveCeption solution  where it transforms regular broadcast cameras into super slow-motion cameras. The introduction of artificial intelligence-based search capabilities in the MediaCeption solution  along with the launch of the VIA MAP content management platform during the international broadcast conference in Amsterdam  showcases our commitment to pushing the boundaries of technological advancements.EVS also continued its tradition of delivering robust dividends.In conclusion  our PlayForward strategy is clearly being appreciated by our customers and channel partners. This is helping us to confirm our profitable and sustainable growth mode. While economic market conditions remain very challenging with high interest rates  certain component shortages and with the wars in Ukraine and Gaza  we feel that our customers  channel partners and EVS operators increasingly appreciate the reliability  performance and innovative edge of our solutions and services.”Commenting on the results and the outlook  Veerle De Wit  CFO  said:“Our 2023 order intake and revenue results are a clear testimony to our strategy in action. Our ambition for the year was to realize profitable and sustainable growth  in a year with no Big Event Rental. Several key performance indicators demonstrate that our PlayForward strategy is paying off. We attract new customers  we expand our portfolio of solutions with existing customers  we grow our LAB business  … and our Media Infrastructure business demonstrates its growth potential in the market.With the focus on profitable growth  we have managed to maintain good control over our cost base. During the first three quarters of the year we kept our team member base flat  as to ensure we fully absorbed the hirings of 2022. We did accelerate hirings towards the end of 2023  based on the strong growth trajectory both of our revenue and order intake.Our operational expenses grew in a controlled way. In the fourth quarter we have seen an increase in our operational expenses with the start of the depreciation of an important intangible asset created over the past two years (following the announcement of VIA MAP launch in September 2023). Control over our spending patterns remains an attention point for 2024  especially in the current volatile market.We managed to generate a strong Net Profit worth EUR 36.9 million  driving a diluted Earnings Per Share of EUR 2.65.Our balance sheet also remains healthy with a very low debt level and a sound cash position.Based on the strong results for the year 2023  we are able to maintain our dividend policy defined earlier in 2022.”Market & customersUnprecedented Market Traction and Financial PerformanceEVS has achieved unparalleled success in 2023  setting new records in revenue and order intake. This exceptional performance is a testament to the strong market traction EVS is experiencing  driven primarily by significant growth in Live Audience Business (LAB) market pillar and the Media Infrastructure solution in particular. The remarkable success of our MediaInfra solution is a clear indication of the strategic value of our acquisition of Axon in 2020  yielding substantial returns on investment three years post-acquisition.Growth Drivers and Strategic InvestmentsThe surge in revenues and order intake is largely attributed to the growth of our LAB segment. Our LAB customers are at the forefront of redefining their infrastructures  not only transitioning to Live IP but also innovating to enhance production efficiency. Through our Media Infrastructure offerings  we enable customers to undertake a seamless migration to more advanced systems  ensuring their investments are future-proof. The introduction of the multiviewer Neuron View and the expansion of the Neuron platform application family underscore our commitment to adding value for our clients. Similarly  the widespread adoption of Cerebrum as a video stream monitoring and control solution  offering unrivaled flexibility and comprehensive connectivity options  emphasizes the effectiveness of our open platform strategy.Global Deployment and Customer SupportOur solutions  including MediaCeption and the XT-VIA servers alongside LiveCeption solutions  continue to be deployed globally by LAB and Live Sevice Providers (LSP) customers  respectively. The increasing demand for our Service Level Agreements (SLAs) highlights our role as a trusted partner in navigating the complexities of production environments. This not only secures our sales for the coming years but also enhances the predictability of our revenue streams.Strategic Initiatives and Industry RecognitionFollowing the PlayForward strategic initiative in 2020  EVS has evolved into a comprehensive solution provider  now integrating these solutions into a cohesive ecosystem. The introduction of the content management platform VIA MAP at IBC represents a significant step towards ensuring consistency across our solutions and facilitating seamless interactions between different customer segments.Our commitment to excellence and innovation has been recognized through various awards  including accolades in ESG  HR  and product innovation  notably the Golden Bridge and XtraMotion's Best of Show at NAB 2023. Additionally  the renewal of FIFA's certification for our VAR product further solidifies our industry standing.Supply Chain and Operational ReadinessWhile the supply chain situation has shown improvement  challenges persist amid ongoing geopolitical tensions. EVS remains vigilant  preparing strategically to mitigate potential impacts.As we gear up for the summer's major broadcasting events  our focus is on the final stages of preparation  from manufacturing to testing the next generation of products. This upcoming global showcase serves as a live demonstration of our capabilities to customers worldwide  reinforcing the trust placed in EVS by Host Broadcasters for these high-profile events.TechnologiesContinued Investment in Technological InnovationAt EVS  we remain steadfast in our commitment to spearheading innovation within our industry. In alignment with our strategic objectives  we have consistently allocated over 50% of our workforce to the technological development of our products and solutions. This dedication is pivotal to our ongoing progress and our ability to stay ahead in an industry characterized by rapid transformation. Our efforts are squarely focused on empowering our customers  equipping them with the necessary tools to navigate their unique challenges effectively.Advancements in Broadcast-Specific generative AI TechnologiesSince 2017  EVS has been at the forefront of integrating generative AI technologies tailored to the broadcast sector. This year  we did announce the launch of an enhanced ""on-prem"" version of XtraMotion  our generative AI-driven slow-motion replay solution. This latest iteration boasts significant improvements in quality and a notable reduction in latency  enabling operators to capture and leverage high-quality imagery more efficiently. This achievement was recognized with a prestigious ""Best of Show award"" at NAB 2023  a testament to our unwavering commitment to excellence and innovation. Furthermore  our use of generative AI extends to enhancing workflows within MediaCeption  facilitating the automatic generation of metadata and enriching the user experience.Pioneering 5G for Remote Production WorkflowsOur “Flex Production” case study  developed in collaboration with Orange Belgium  Théâtre de Liège and La Grand Poste de Liège  successfully demonstrated EVS's ability to exploit the potential of 5G technology for remote production flows  while strengthening the development of local communities and cultural organizations. This achievement underscores the effectiveness of our Balanced Computing approach  proving its relevance and applicability in real-world scenarios. Through this initiative  EVS reaffirms its position as a leader in leveraging cutting-edge technologies to redefine production workflows.Commitment to SustainabilityEVS is deeply committed to sustainability  actively pursuing initiatives aimed at reducing the carbon footprint of our operations and  by extension  that of our customers. We have made significant strides in optimizing our architectures to minimize power consumption and have designed new products and solution components to manage infrastructure in an energy-efficient manner. These efforts reflect our dedication to environmental stewardship and our responsibility towards fostering a more sustainable future.Corporate topicsPart of our PlayForward strategy is based on improving our internal way of working. After the implementation of a new ERP system in October 2022  we have now expanded the footprint of the ERP to include our latest acquisition Axon. This final step is ensuring a global integration of all our processes and guarantees an optimal customer experience. This is a major step for our company and fully prepares us to digest for future growth.We also continued in 2023 our systemic list price adjustments. Even though market conditions have somewhat stabilized throughout 2023  we continue to evaluate the need for price adjustments as to protect the margin generation of the company. The analysis lead to a price increase in February 2023  while no pricing adjustment was introduced to the market in September 2023.2023 is also the year where we consolidated our sustainability efforts in terms of ESG. Corporate sustainability is now embedded in all our operations. We have 9 main tracks that are important for us as a company  and that are important for our industry. The tracks are: customer carbon footprint  company carbon footprint  talent management  diversity & inclusion  customer experience  local social contribution  cyber security of our company  products and solutions  sustainable supply chain and business ethics. Each of these tracks are managed by an interdepartmental team and have a Leadership Team member as an executive sponsor. We have defined this year our long term objectives (horizon 2030) for each of those tracks and we systematically review the progress and refine our actions. Within the industry  we are recognized as an ESG leader and we continue to receive postive feedback from the market. In 2024 we will further refine our ESG strategy  based on a new carbon footprint analysis and we will focus on the deployment of CSRD (Corporate Social Responsibility Directive).Within the framework of Directive (EU) 2019/1937 of 23 October 2019 on the protection of persons who report breaches of Union law  transposed into Belgian law by the Whistleblowers Act for the private sector of 28 November 2022  which came into force on 15 February 2023  EVS has set up an appropriate Whistleblowing policy and Speaking Up Procedure.Second half and full-year revenueIn 2H23  revenue reached EUR 85.8 million  representing an increase of EUR 5.3 million or 6.6% compared to 2H22  despite the absence of Big Event Rentals in the period (vs. EUR 4.2 million of BER in 2H22).At constant currency  revenue increased by 11.4% YoY.Revenue – EUR millions 2H23 2H22 2H23/2H22 Total reported 85.8 80.5 6.6% Total at constant currency 83.2 80.5 3.4% Total at constant currency and excluding Big Event Rentals 83.5 76.3 9.4%For the full year 2023  revenue reached EUR 173.2 million  representing an increase of EUR 25.0 million or 16.9% compared to 2022  despite the absence of Big Event Rentals in the period (vs. EUR 10.0 million of BER in FY22). Corrected for Big Event Rentals the growth is of 25.3%. This performance demonstrates the organic growth realized in 2023.At constant currency  revenue increased by 15.0% YoY.Revenue – EUR millions FY23 FY22 FY23/FY22 Total reported 173.2 148.2 16.9% Total at constant currency 170.3 148.2 15.0% Total at constant currency and excluding Big Event Rentals 170.5 138.3 23.2%Currency fluctuations primarily impact EVS revenues by the EUR/USD conversion  which can have a significant impact on our results even if EUR/USD fluctuations also impact the cost of our US operations and partially our cost of goods sold.In the second half of the year  (excl. Big Event Rentals) LSP represented 40% (40% in 2H22) of the revenue  LAB 60% (55% in 2H22). The growth of LAB business is one of the strategic pillars of EVS and demonstrates our ability to expand our footprint with generic broadcasters.Full-year earningsConsolidated gross margin was at 69.7% for FY23  compared to 66.7% in FY22 (+3.0 Pts) explained by positive impact of sales price increases and a higher volume of software compared to hardware in certain solutions. The increase of revenue linked to services also explains the gross margin increase. This has resulted primarily in improved margins for most of our solutions.Operating expenses increased by 19% YoY explained by an increase in team member base  inflation on labour cost  energy prices and travel expenses. Additionally  in 2023  EVS made investments in its digital transformation journey. The investments made in intangible assets throughout 2022 and 2023 also had a significant impact on the 2023 results  as we started the depreciation of one important project in the fourth quarter.Overall EBIT performance was of EUR 41.1 million  generating an EBIT margin of 23.8%.The net profit ended at EUR 36.9 million  with income tax expense amounting to EUR 3.6 million for the full year 2023 (compared to EUR 1.4 million in 2022). The increase in income tax is mainly driven by higher taxable profit  combined with the limitation on the deduction of tax latencies from previous years in Belgium  leading to lower amount of deferred tax asset that can be used during the period.The net profit leads to a fully diluted earnings per share of EUR 2.65 (versus EUR 2.29 in 2022).Second half earningsThe gross profit margin in 2H23 reached 69.3% compared to 65.9% in the same period last year.Operating expenses grew 17% in 2H23 compared to the same period last year  reflecting a controlled increase in line with the increase of the activities.The 2H23 EBIT margin was 18.9%. compared to 19.8% in 2H22. The impact of the depreciation of the intangible assets in fourth quarter is explaining the slight drop.The Group net profit amounts to EUR 15.8 million in 2H23 compared to EUR 15.9 million in 2H22. Fully diluted earnings per share amounts to EUR 1.13 in 2H23 compared to EUR 1.14 in 2H22.Balance sheet and cash flow statementBalance sheet remains strong with net cash position of EUR 36.6 million with low debt level (of which EUR 12.7 million related to IFRS 16)  resulting in a total equity representing 76% of the total balance sheet as of the end of 2023.Working capital requirements are growing at EUR 89.6 million  primarily linked to growing trade receivables that evolve largely in line with our overall sales volumes. The working capital over sales ratio slightly improves from 53% at year-end 2022 to 52% at the end of 2023.Other intangible assets include the costs for internal development capitalized during 2022 and 2023 according to IAS 38 (Intangible assets).Lands and building mainly include the headquarters in Liège as well as the right of use for the offices abroad (IFRS16).Inventories amount to EUR 33.0 million  an increase of EUR 4.2 million compared to the beginning of the year with the aim to support the growth of activities. The ratio of inventory vs. sales remains stable compared to prior years at 19%.Liabilities include EUR 14.3 million of financial debt (including long term and short-term portion)  mainly related to the lease liabilities for EUR 12.7 million and borrowings for EUR 1.7 million. Long-term provisions include the provision for technical warranty on EVS products for labor and parts. Other amounts payable mainly represent deferred income and advance payments received from customers on contracts in progress.Net cash from operating activities amounts to EUR 35.7 million for the full year 2023  compared to EUR 11.0 million in 2022. The increase is mainly driven by higher net profit and lower variance in working capital requirements compared to the previous year  mainly on trade receivables (large volume of invoices were issued in late 2022 given a temporary hold of invoicing operations after the Go-Live of the new ERP system). On December 31  2023  cash and cash equivalents total EUR 50.9 million  compared to EUR 49.1 million at the end of 2022. The increase is mainly driven by the higher cash from operating activities as described above  partially offset by the net cash used in investing activities of EUR -7.5 million linked to the investments in intangible and tangible assets (specifically in the internal development of intangible assets) together with the net cash used in financing activities of EUR -25.9 million  mainly driven by total dividend payment of EUR -21.5 million.At the end of December 2023  there were 14 327 024 EVS shares outstanding  of which 893 820 were owned by the company. At the same date  680 875 warrants were outstanding with an average exercise price of EUR 19.82 and maturities between October 2026 and October 2029.Team membersAt the end of 2023  EVS employed 622 team members (FTE). This is an increase by 9 team members compared to the end of 2022 (613 FTE). In 2023  EVS deliberately limited the increase in team members  as we had a wish to stabilize the workforce after a strong hiring period in 2022. Towards the end of 2023  we accelerated hirings again  given the topline growth. For 2024  we expect a controlled increase in the number of team members as to continue and fuel our future growth.Corporate updateThere has been no further change to the composition of the Board of Directors since the last General Assembly on May 16th 2023 during which the shareholders had appointed two new directors  Serge Van Herck (representing InnoVision bv) and Soumya Chandramouli (representing FRINSO SRL)  both for a period of 4 years. The Board of Directors is currently composed of nine directors:Johan Deschuyffeleer   independent director & President (representing The House of Value bv);  independent director & President (representing The House of Value bv); Michel Counson   managing director;  managing director; Martin De Prycker   independent director (representing InnoConsult bv);  independent director (representing InnoConsult bv); Chantal De Vrieze   independent director (representing 7 Capital SRL);  independent director (representing 7 Capital SRL); Frédéric Vincent   independent director;  independent director; Marco Miserez   independent director;  independent director; Anne Cambier   independent director (representing Accompany You SRL);  independent director (representing Accompany You SRL); Serge Van Herck   CEO and managing director (representing InnoVision bv) ; and  CEO and managing director (representing InnoVision bv) ; and Soumya Chandramouli  independent director (representing FRINSO SRL).GlossaryTerm Definition Order book Revenues planned to be recognized after the based on current orders. LAB market pillar LAB – Live Audience BusinessRevenue from customers leveraging EVS products and solutions to create content for their own purposeThis market pillar covers the following types of customers: Broadcasters  Stadium  House of Worship  Corporate Media Centers  Sports organizations  Government & institutions  University & Colleges LSP market pillar LSP – Live Service ProvidersRevenue from customers leveraging EVS products and solutions to serve “LAB customers”This market pillar covers the following types of customers: Rental & facilities companies  Production companies  Freelance operators  Technology partners & system integrators buying for their own purpose BER market pillar BER – Big Event RentalRevenue from major non-yearly big event rental.This market pillar covers the following types of customers: host broadcasters for major events.In case of discrepancies between the English and the French Version  the English Version prevails.Conference callEVS will hold a conference call in English on February 23rd at 10.00 am CET for financial analysts and institutional investors. Other interested parties may join the call in a listen-only mode. The presentation used during the conference call will be available shortly before the call on the EVS website.Participants must register for the conference using the link provided below. Upon registering  each participant will be provided with Participant Dial In Numbers  Direct Event Passcode and unique Registrant ID.1. Online registration: https://register.vevent.com/register/BI65178c2a77304896a0aee4f2f291d7a92. Webcast Player URL: https://edge.media-server.com/mmc/p/x8k4igzm/Corporate CalendarMay 16th  2024: Q1 2024 Trading update (post closing)May 21th  2024: General AssemblyAugust 13th  2024: H1 2024 results (attention to the advanced date) (post closing)November 14th  2024: Q3 2024 Trading update (post closing)For more information  please contact:Veerle De Wit  CFO*EVS Broadcast Equipment S.A.  Liege Science Park  13 rue Bois Saint-Jean  B-4102 Seraing  BelgiumTel: +32 4 361 70 04. E-Mail:corpcom@evs.com; www.evs.com* representing a SRLForward Looking StatementsThis press release contains forward-looking statements with respect to the business  financial condition  and results of operations of EVS and its affiliates. These statements are based on the current expectations or beliefs of EVS's management and are subject to a number of risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results or performance of the Company to differ materially from those contemplated in such forward-looking statements. These risks and uncertainties relate to changes in technology and market requirements  the company’s concentration on one industry  decline in demand for the company’s products and those of its affiliates  inability to timely develop and introduce new technologies  products and applications  and loss of market share and pressure on pricing resulting from competition which could cause the actual results or performance of the company to differ materially from those contemplated in such forward-looking statements. EVS undertakes no obligation to publicly release any revisions to these forward-looking statements to reflect events or circumstances after the date hereof or to reflect the occurrence of unanticipated events.About usWe create return on emotionEVS is globally recognized as the leading provider in live video technology for broadcast and new media productions. Spanning the entire production process  EVS solutions are trusted by production teams worldwide to deliver the most gripping live sports images  buzzing entertainment shows and breaking news to billions of viewers every day – and in real-time. As we continue to expand our footprint  our dedication to sustainable growth for both our business and the industry is clearly demonstrated through our ESG strategy. This commitment is not only reflected in our results  but also in our high ratings from different agencies.Headquartered in Liège  Belgium  the company has a global presence with offices in Australia  Asia  the Middle East  Europe  North and Latin America  employing over 600 team members and ensuring sales  training and technical support to more than 100 countries.EVS is a public company traded on Euronext Brussels: EVS  ISIN: BE0003820371.For more information  please visit www.evs.com .Final condensed consolidated financial informationFinal condensed consolidated income statement(EUR thousands) Notes FY23 FY22 2H23 2H22 Revenue 3 173 191 148 158 85 773 80 486 Cost of sales -52 548 -49 314 -26 368 -27 473 Gross profit 120 643 98 844 59 405 53 013 Gross margin % 69.7% 66.7% 69.3% 65.9% Selling and administrative expenses -46 567 -39 815 -25 246 -22 532 Research and development expenses -31 836 -26 267 -17 364 -14 368 Other income 180 200 74 150 Other expenses -488 -607 -424 -121 Profit-sharing plan and warrants -790 -643 -260 -169 Operating profit (EBIT) 41 142 31 712 16 185 15 973 Operating margin (EBIT) % 23.8% 21.4% 18.9% 19.8% Interest revenue on loans and deposits 230 106 149 76 Interest charges -920 -912 -491 -439 Other net financial income / (expenses) 19 1 793 -82 -146 Share in the result of the enterprise accounted for using the equity method 80 67 -77 -10 Profit before taxes (PBT) 40 551 32 766 15 684 15 454 Income taxes 4 -3 605 -1 422 74 442 Net profit 36 946 31 344 15 758 15 896 Attributable to : Non-controlling interest - - - - Share of the Group 36 946 31 344 15 758 15 896 EARNINGS PER SHARE (in number of shares and in EUR) FY23 FY22 2H23 2H22 Weighted average number of subscribed shares for the period less treasury shares 13 427 915 13 411 972 13 433 204 13 419 010 Weighted average fully diluted number of shares 13 950 751 13 681 084 13 991 046 13 768 895 Basic earnings – share of the Group 2.75 2.34 1.17 1.19 Fully diluted earnings – share of the Group (1) 2.65 2.29 1.13 1.14 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF COMPREHENSIVE INCOME (EUR thousands) FY23 FY22 2H23 2H22 Net profit 36 946 31 344 15 758 15 896 Other comprehensive income of the period Currency translation differences -270 324 -71 -231 Total of recyclable elements -270 324 -71 -231 Difference on opening - 460 - 460 Gains / (losses) on remeasurement of defined benefit obligations  net of tax -378 1 373 -378 440 Total of non-recyclable elements  net of tax -378 1 833 -378 900 Total other comprehensive income of the period  net of tax -648 2 157 -449 669 Total comprehensive income for the period 36 298 33 501 15 309 16 565 Attributable to : Non controlling interest - - - - Share of the Group 36 298 33 501 15 309 16 565(1) The diluted earnings per share does include:187 000 warrants attributed in October 2020  of which 146 750 are outstanding with an exercise price below the share price and with maturity in October 2026; 158 600 warrants attributed in June 2021  of which 152 600 are outstanding with an exercise price below the share price and with maturity in June 2027; 183 375 warrants attributed in September 2022  of which 182 625 are outstanding with an exercise price below the share price and with a maturity in September 2028; and 198 900 warrants attributed in October 2023  all outstanding with an exercise price below the share price and with a maturity in October 2029.Final condensed statement of financial position (balance sheet)ASSETS(EUR thousands) Notes Dec 31  2023 Dec 31  2022 Non-current assets: Goodwill 2 832 2 832 Other intangible assets 5 16 020 13 215 Lands and buildings 47 634 50 543 Other tangible assets 7 439 4 691 Investment accounted for using equity method 1 938 1 922 Other amounts receivables 3 458 3 647 Deferred tax assets 5 203 4 622 Financial assets 495 512 Total non-current assets 85 019 81 984 Current assets: Inventories 33 001 28 786 Trade receivables 67 243 58 856 Other amounts receivable  deferred charges and accrued income 15 122 14 365 Financial assets 244 174 Cash and cash equivalents 50 947 49 051 Total current assets 166 557 151 232 Total assets 251 576 233 216EQUITY AND LIABILITIES(EUR thousands) Notes Dec 31  2023 Dec 31  2022 Equity: Capital 8 772 8 772 Reserves 198 897 183 390 Treasury shares -17 174 -17 447 Total consolidated reserves 181 723 165 943 Translation differences 805 1 075 Equity  attributable to the owners of the parent 191 300 175 790 Non-controlling interest - - Total equity 10 191 300 175 790 Provisions 1 738 1 637 Deferred taxes liabilities 11 10 Financial debts 6 10 444 11 528 Other debts 143 120 Non-current liabilities 12 336 13 295 Financial debts 6 3 896 3 750 Trade payables 10 681 9 207 Amounts payable regarding remuneration and social security 12 481 11 219 Income tax payable 1 393 1 959 Other amounts payable  advances received  accrued charges and deferred income 19 489 17 996 Current liabilities 47 940 44 131 Total equity and liabilities 251 576 233 216Final condensed statement of cash flows(EUR thousands) Notes FY23 FY22 Cash flows from operating activities Net profit  share of the Group 36 946 31 344 Adjustment for: - Depreciation and write-offs on fixed assets 8 042 6 738 - Profit-sharing plan and warrants 10 790 642 - Provisions -388 212 - Income tax expense 3 605 1 422 - Net financial expense (+) / income (-) 672 -987 - Share of the result of entities accounted for under the equity method -80 -67 Adjustment for changes in working capital items: - Inventories -4 216 -2 834 - Trade receivables -8 198 -23 970 - Other amounts receivable  deferred charges and accrued income -2 592 -3 889 - Trade payables 1 474 -1 290 - Amounts payable regarding remuneration and social security 1 083 541 - Other amounts payable  advances received  accrued charges  and deferred income 1 375 4 776 - Conversion differences -1 013 803 Cash generated from operations 37 500 13 441 Income taxes paid 4 -1 798 -2 469 Net cash from operating activities 35 702 10 972 Cash flows from investing activities Purchase of intangible assets -4 525 -8 770 Purchase of tangible assets (lands and building and other tangible assets) -3 013 -1 101 Disposal of tangible assets 37 - Other financial assets 12 -102 Net cash used in investing activities -7 489 -9 973 Cash flows from financing activities Reimbursement of borrowings 6 -1 105 -1 095 Payment of lease liabilities -3 055 -2 828 Interests paid -556 -688 Interests received 230 75 Dividend received from investee 64 64 Dividend paid 11 -21 497 -20 112 Net cash used in financing activities -25 919 -24 584 Net increase / decrease in cash and cash equivalents 2 294 -23 585 Net foreign exchange difference -398 492 Cash and cash equivalents at beginning of period 49 051 72 144 Cash and cash equivalents at end of period 50 947 49 051Final condensed statement of change in equity(EUR thousands) Capital Reserves Treasury shares Currency translation differences Equity share of the Group Non-controlling interest Total equity Balance as per January 1  2022 8 772 170 570 -17 776 751 162 317 - 162 317 Profit or loss 31 344 31 344 31 344 Other comprehensive income 1 833 324 2 157 2 157 Total comprehensive income for the period 33 117 324 33 501 33 501 Share-based payments 581 581 581 Operations with treasury shares -329 329 - - Final dividend -13 402 -13 402 -13 402 Interim dividend -6 710 -6 710 -6 710 Other allocation -497 -497 -497 Balance as per December 31  2022 8 772 183 390 -17 447 1 075 175 790 - 175 790(EUR thousands) Capital Reserves Treasury shares Currency translation differences Equity share of the Group Non-controlling interest Total equity Balance as per January 1  2023 8 772 183 390 -17 447 1 075 175 790 - 175 790 Profit or loss 36 946 36 946 36 946 Other comprehensive income -378 -270 -648 -648 Total comprehensive income for the period 36 568 -270 36 298 36 298 Share-based payments 790* 790 790 Operations with treasury shares -273 273 - - Final dividend -14 780 -14 780 -14 780 Interim dividend -6 717 -6 717 -6 717 Other allocation -81 -81 -81 Balance as per December 31  2023 8 772 198 897 -17 174 804 191 300 - 191 300* Total amount includes EUR 816 granted and EUR -26 forfeitedNotes to the consolidated financial statementsNOTE 1: BASIS OF PREPARATION OF THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTSThe consolidated financial statements of EVS Group for the 12 month-period ended December 31  2023  are established and presented in accordance with the International Financial Reporting Standards (IFRS)  as adopted for use in the European Union. The condensed financial statements of the Group for the 12 month-period ending December 31  2023  were authorized for issue by the Board of Directors on February 22  2024. This condensed report provides an explanation of events and transactions that are significant to an understanding of the changes in financial position and reporting since the last annual reporting period and should therefore be read in conjunction with the full 2023 consolidated financial statements from which these condensed financial statements have been derived and which are planned to be published on EVS Group’s website by April 19  2024. The condensed financial statements are prepared on a going concern basis.NOTE 2.1: SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES AND METHODSThe consolidated financial statements of EVS Broadcast Equipment SA and of its subsidiaries have been prepared in accordance with the International Financial Reporting Standards (IFRS) adopted by the European Union. All standards and interpretations issued by the International Accounting Standards Board (IASB) and the International Financial Reporting Interpretations Committee (IFRIC) effective year-end 2023 and adopted by the European Union are applied by the Company. The consolidated financial statements have been prepared on an historical cost basis  except for the share-based payments (at the grant date)  derivative financial instruments and contingent considerations  which are measured at their fair value. The consolidated financial statements are presented in thousands of euros. All values are rounded figures to the nearest thousand unless otherwise indicated. The accounting policies and methods adopted for the preparation of the company's IFRS consolidated financial statements are consistent with those applied in the 2022 annual consolidated financial statements. The company’s IFRS accounting policies and methods are available in the 2022 annual report on www.evs.com  except for the new  amended or revised IFRS standards and IFRIC Interpretations that have been in effect since January 1  2023. The adoption of these new  amended or revised pronouncements did not have a significant impact on the consolidated financial statements of the Group.NOTE 2.2: JUDGMENTS AND ESTIMATESIn preparing the Company’s condensed consolidated financial statements  management makes judgments in applying various accounting policies. The areas of policy judgment are consistent with those followed in the preparation of EVS annual consolidated financial statements as of and for the year ended 31 December 2022.In addition  management is required to make estimates that affect amounts included in the financial statements. The estimates carried out on each reporting date reflect the conditions in force on these dates (for example: market price  interest rates and exchange rates). Although these estimates are based on the best knowledge of management of the existing events and of the actions that the group could undertake  the real results may differ from these estimates.The use of estimates is particularly applicable when performing goodwill impairment tests and evaluating any additions to the purchase price of past business combinations  the determination of the contingent consideration  determining the fair value of share-based payments  the evaluation of the deferred tax position  the measurement of employee benefit obligations and the determination of the percentage of completion of projects in progress. These estimates are further discussed in the Company’s annual report.NOTE 3: SEGMENT REPORTINGFrom an operational point of view  the company is vertically integrated with the majority of its staff located in the headquarters in Belgium  including the R&D  production  marketing and administration departments. This is the reason why the majority of the investments and costs are located at the level of the Belgian parent company. Resources securing the customer facing interactions such as sales  operations and support profiles are primarily hired within the respective regions. The foreign subsidiaries are primarily sales and representative offices. The Chief Operating Decision Maker  being the Executive Committee  reviews the operating results  operating plans  and makes resource allocation decisions on a company-wide basis. Revenue related to products of the same nature (digital broadcast production equipment) are realized by commercial polyvalent teams. The company’s internal reporting is the reflection of the above-mentioned operational organization and is characterized by the strong integration of the activities of the company.By consequence  the company is composed of one segment according to the IFRS 8 definition  and the consolidated income statement of the Group reflects this unique segment. All long-term assets are located in the parent company EVS Broadcast Equipment SA in Belgium.The company provides one class of business defined as solutions based on tapeless workflows with a consistent modular architecture. There are no other significant classes of business  either singularly or in aggregate. Identical modules can meet the needs of different markets  and our customers themselves are often multi-markets. Providing information for each module is therefore not relevant for EVS.At the geographical level  our activities are divided into the following regions: Asia-Pacific (“APAC”)  Europe  Middle East and Africa (“EMEA”)  and America (“NALA”). This division follows the organization of the commercial and support services within the Group  which operates worldwide. A fourth region is dedicated to the worldwide events (“big event rentals”).The company provides additional information with a presentation of the revenue by market pillar: “Live Service provider”  “Live Audience Business” and “Big Event Rentals” for rental contracts relating to the big sporting events.Finally  sales are presented by nature: sale of equipment and other services.3.1. Information on revenue by destinationRevenue can be presented by Market Pillar: “Live Service provider”  “Live Audience Business” and “Big event rentals”. Maintenance and after sale service are included in the complete solution proposed to the clients.Revenue (EUR thousands) 2H23 2H22 % 2H23/2H22 Live Audience Business 51 344 45 147 13.7% Live Service Provider 34 650 31 151 11.2% Big Event Rentals -0 221 4 187 -100.0% Total Revenue 85 773 80 486 6.6%Revenue (EUR thousands) FY23 FY22 % FY23/FY22 Live Audience Business 90 050 71 438 26.1% Live Service Provider 83 278 66 869 24.5% Big Event Rentals -0 137 9 850 -100.0% Total Revenue 173 191 148 158 16.9%3.2. Information on revenue by geographical areaActivities are divided in three regions: Asia-Pacific (“APAC”)  Europe  Middle East and Africa (“EMEA”)  and “Americas”. Aside of them  we make separate distinction for the category “Big Event Rentals” which is not attributed to specific region.Revenue for the YTD period (EUR thousands) APACexcl. events EMEAexcl. events Americasexcl. events Big eventrentals TOTAL 2H23 revenue 13 304 44 934 27 756 -0 221 85 773 Evolution versus 2H22 (%) 18.0% 14.9% 7.1% -100.0% 6.6% Variation versus 2H22 (%) at constant currency 18.0% 14.9% -2.6% -100.0% 3.4% 2H22 revenue 11 278 39 107 25 914 4 187 80 486Revenue for the YTD period (EUR thousands) APACexcl. events EMEAexcl. events Americasexcl. events Big eventrentals TOTAL FY23 revenue 30 260 86 721 56 347 -0 137 173 191 Evolution versus FY22 (%) 59.7% 28.0% 9.2% -100.0% 16.9% Variation versus FY22 (%) at constant currency 59.7% 28.0% 3.6% -100.0% 15.0% FY22 revenue 18 952 67 764 51 592 9 850 148 158Revenue realized in Belgium (the country of origin of the company) with external clients represent less than 5% of the total revenue for the period. In the last 12 months  the Group realized significant revenue with external customers (according to the definition of IFRS 8) in the United States for an amount of EUR 51.0 million (EUR 38.1 million in 2022) and in the United Kingdom for an amount of EUR 19.7 million (EUR 9.6 million in 2022).3.3. Information on revenue by natureRevenue can be presented by nature: sale of equipment and other services.Revenue (EUR thousands) 2H23 2H22 % 2H23/2H22 Sale of Equipment 71 893 64 226 11.9% Other services 13 880 16 259 -14.6% Total Revenue 85 773 80 486 6.6%Revenue (EUR thousands) FY23 FY22 % FY23/FY22 Sale of Equipment 149 795 118 015 26.9% Other services 23 396 30 142 -22.4% Total Revenue 173 191 148 158 16.9%Other services include the advice  installations  project management  rentals  training  maintenance  and distant support. Work in progress (“WIP”) contracts are included in both categories.The sales of equipment are recognized at a point in time while other services are recognized over time.3.4. Information on important customersOver the last 12 months  no external customer of the company represented more than 10% of the revenue (similar in 2022).NOTE 4: INCOME TAX EXPENSE(EUR thousands) FY23 FY22 - Current tax expense -4 060 -569 - Deferred tax expense 455 -853 Income tax expense -3 605 -1 422Income tax expense amounts to EUR 3.6 million for the full year 2023  compared to EUR 1.4 million in 2022. The increase is mainly explained by :higher taxable profit (+ 24% compared to 2022)  especially in Belgium (36.6 million EUR in 2023 vs 24.9 million EUR in 2022); andthe limitation on the deduction of tax latencies from previous years in Belgium which leads to a lower amount of deferred tax asset that can be used during the period.The effective tax rate for the period ended on December 31  2023 is 8.9%  compared to 4.3% in 2022.NOTE 5: INTANGIBLE ASSETSIntangible assets increased by EUR 2.8 million in the period as a result of the capitalization of internal development costs of EUR 4.5 million  partially offset by depreciation expenses of EUR 1.7 million.The intangible capitalized costs include mainly the internal personnel costs and external consultants’ costs related to the development phase of two important projects that should secure future growth for EVS. These projects consist in software that will be commercialized at the end of the development period. For one of the projects  the development period ended at the end of the third quarter  leading to the commencement of depreciation over a period of 5 years. The expected return on investment for the second project is scheduled for 2024  complementing the PlayForward strategy of the Group. The progress of these internal developments is monitored frequently as to ensure the future economic benefit remains assured.NOTE 6: FINANCIAL LIABILITIES(EUR thousands) 2023 2022 Long term financial debts Bank loans 561 1 675 Long term lease liabilities 9 883 9 853 Total 10 444 11 528 Amount due within 12 months (shown under current liabilities) Bank loans 1 114 1 105 Short term lease liabilities 2 782 2 645 Total 3 896 3 750 Total financial debt (short and long-term) 14 340 15 278In June 2020  a loan of EUR 5.5 million was put in place with BNP Paribas Fortis to partially finance the acquisition of Axon. The repayment schedule foresees first repayment of EUR 0.6 million in 2020 and annual installments of EUR 1.1 million between 2021 and 2024  with final repayment of EUR 0.6 million in 2025 at loan maturity.In June 2020  a roll over credit line of EUR 5.0 million was also put in place with Belfius bank to partially finance the acquisition of Axon. This amortizing credit line will expire at the end of June 2025. As of this date  EVS has not used this credit facility.Lease liabilities mainly include office lease contracts at the various affiliates worldwide and employees car leases.NOTE 7: FAIR VALUE OF THE FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTSThe fair value of the financial assets and liabilities is defined as the amount at which the instrument could be exchanged in a current transaction between willing parties  other than in a forced or liquidation sale.The following methods and assumptions were used to estimate the fair values:- Cash and cash equivalents and short-term investments  trade receivables  trade payables  and other current liabilities approximate their carrying amounts largely due to the short-term maturities of these instruments;- Long term fixed rate and variable rate other assets are evaluated by the Group based on parameters such as interest rates  specific country risk factors  individual creditworthiness of the customer and the risk characteristics of the financed project. Based on this evaluation  allowances are made to account for the expected losses of these receivables. As at December 31  2023  the carrying amounts of such receivables  net of allowances  are assumed not to be materially different from their calculated fair values;- The fair value of unquoted instruments  loans from banks and other financial liabilities  obligations under finance leases as well as other non-current financial liabilities is estimated by discounting future cash flows using the effective interest rates currently available for debt on similar terms  credit risk and remaining maturities. As of December 31  2023  the effective interest rate is not materially different from the nominal interest rate of the financial obligation;- The Group enters into derivative financial instruments with various counterparties  principally financial institutions with investment grade credit ratings. Derivatives valued using valuation techniques with market observable inputs are mainly foreign exchange forward and option contracts. The most frequently applied valuation techniques include forward pricing and swap models  using present value calculations. The models incorporate various inputs including foreign exchange spot and forward rates and interest rate curves.As at December 31  2023  the Group held the following financial instruments measured at fair value:(EUR thousands) December 31  2023 December 31  2022 Assets measured at fair value Financial assets at fair value through profit or loss Foreign exchange contracts – no hedge accounting 206 324The Group uses the following hierarchy for determining and disclosing the fair value of financial instruments by valuation technique:Level 1: quoted (unadjusted) prices in active markets for identical assets or liabilities;Level 2: other techniques for which all inputs which have a significant effect on the recorded fair value are observable  either directly or indirectly;Level 3: techniques that use inputs having a significant effect on the recorded fair value that are not based on observable market dataAll fair values mentioned in the above table relate to Level 2. There were no transfers between Level 1  Level 2 and Level 3 fair value measurements during the reporting period.NOTE 8: EXCHANGE RATESThe main exchange rates that influence the consolidated financial accounts are USD/EUR and GBP/EUR which were considered as follows:Exchange rate USD/EUR Average FY At December 31 2023 1.0815 1.1050 2022 1.0537 1.0666 Variation 2.6% 3.6%Exchange rate GBP/EUR Average FY At December 31 2023 0.8698 0.8690 2022 0.8527 0.8869 Variation 2.0% -2.0%NOTE 9: HEADCOUNT(in full time equivalents) At December 31 2023 622 2022 613 Variation +9At the end of 2023  the Group employed 622 team members (FTE). This is an increase by 9 team members compared to the end of 2022 (613 FTE). In 2023  EVS deliberately limited the increase in team members  as we had a wish to stabilize the workforce after a strong hiring period in 2022. Towards the end of 2023  we accelerated hirings again  given the topline growth. For 2024  we expect a controlled increase in the number of team members as to continue and fuel our future growth.NOTE 10: EQUITY SECURITIESThe variance in number of treasury shares and outstanding warrants in the period is as follows:2023 2022 Number of own shares at January 1 908 014 925 140 Acquisition of own shares on the market - - Sale of own shares on the market - - Allocation to Employees Profit Sharing Plans -14 194 -17 126 Sale related to Employee Stock Option Plan (ESOP) and other transactions - - Number of own shares at December 31 893 820 908 014 Outstanding warrants at December 31 680 875 492 975In 2023  the Group did not repurchase own shares on the stock market. No shares were used to satisfy the exercise of warrants by employees.The Ordinary General Meeting of shareholders of May 16  2023 approved the allocation of 14 194 shares to EVS employees (grant of 42 shares to each staff member in proportion to their effective or assimilated time of occupation in 2022) as a reward for their contribution to the Group successes.NOTE 11: DIVIDENDSThe Ordinary General Meeting of May 16  2023  approved the payment of a total gross dividend of EUR 1.10 per share for the year 2022.For the year 2023  an interim dividend of EUR 0.50 per share was paid in November 2023. Full year dividend of EUR 1.10 per share will be proposed to the Ordinary General Meeting of shareholders.(EUR thousands  gross) # Coupon Declaration date 2023 2022 - Final dividend for 2021 (incl. exceptional dividend)(EUR 1.00 per share excl. treasury shares) 32 May 2022 - 13 402 - Interim dividend for 2022(EUR 0.50 per share excl. treasury shares) 33 Nov. 2022 - 6 710 - Final dividend for 2022 (incl. exceptional dividend)(EUR 1.10 per share excl. treasury shares) 34 May 2023 14 780 - Interim dividend for 2023(EUR 0.50 per share excl. treasury shares) 35 Nov. 2023 6 717 Total paid dividends 21 497 20 112The latest dividend guidance issued in 2022 foresees total annual dividend distribution of EUR 1.10 per share in 2023 and 2024  subject to market conditions and to the approval of the Ordinary General Meeting of Shareholders.NOTE 12: RISKS AND UNCERTAINTIESInvesting in the stock of EVS involves risks and uncertainties. The risks and uncertainties relating to the current year are similar to the risks and uncertainties that have been identified by the management of the company and that are listed in the management report of the annual report (available at www.evs.com).In terms of new risks arising since the last annual report  we highlight the macro-economic environment  particulary the Middle East and the Red Sea crisis resulting in cargo shipping delays and price increases in the short term. While the situation is difficult to predict in the medium to long term  delays and cost increases are likely to continue into the following months as shipping firms begin to plan for an extended conflict. EVS closely monitors the developments in this area and pro-actively takes actions to keep these delays and rising costs under control or to minimize their effect on the profitability of the company. We also reiterate the potential impacts following the war in Ukraine. The company continues to comply with the international sanctions in vigor.NOTE 13: SUBSEQUENT EVENTSThere are no subsequent events that may have a material impact on the condensed financial statements of the Group.Certification of responsible personsSerge Van Herck  CEO*Veerle De Wit  CFO*Certify that  based on their knowledge a) the condensed consolidated financial statements  established in accordance with the International Financial Reporting Standards (IFRS) as adopted by the European Union  give a true and fair view of the assets  financial position and results of the EVS Group b) the press release presents the important events and a fair overview of the business development and the results of the EVS Group in the reporting period.* acting on behalf of a bvExternal AuditorThe condensed consolidated financial statements of EVS Broadcast SA for the year ending December 31  2023 were authorized for issuance in accordance with a resolution of the Board of Directors on February 22  2024. EY réviseurs d’Entreprises represented by Carlo-Sébastien d’Addario has confirmed that their audit procedures  which have been substantially completed  have not revealed any material adjustments which would have to be made to the accounting information included in this press release. The complete audit report related to the audit of the consolidated financial statements will be shown in 2023 annual report that will be published in April 2024.Attachment",neutral,0.02,0.98,0.01,positive,0.72,0.27,0.02,True,English,"['EVS', '2023 results', 'EUR 2H23 2H22 Variance FY23 FY22 Variance Revenue', 'The Live Audience business segment', 'The Media Infrastructure solution segment', 'major Big Event Rental activity', 'additional Big Event Rental contracts', 'EVS Broadcast Equipment S.A', 'significant Big Event Rental revenue', 'Big Event Rental revenues', 'effective cost control strategies', 'yearly internal engagement survey', 'significant order intake growth', 'Big Event Rentals', 'broadcast studio environments', 'support service contracts', 'major sporting events', 'Serge Van Herck', 'long-term high-profile partnerships', 'last three years', 'new revenue record', 'important order intake', 'outstanding financial performance', 'Net Promoter Score', 'current market dynamics', 'Strong order intake', 'profitable long-term growth', 'strong ESG rating', 'strong revenue growth', 'robust financial performance', 'third consecutive year', 'total order book', 'Second half Highlights', 'second consecutive year', 'Healthy net profit', 'strong order book', 'expanding market share', 'significant progress', 'Revenue performance', 'profitable growth', 'record-breaking revenue', 'new heights', 'strong profitability', 'sustainable growth', 'strong foundation', 'Full-year Highlights', 'robust profitability', 'ESG) side', '21.3% net margin', 'revenue guidance', 'Gross profit', 'Operating profit', 'inside information', 'Press release', 'Euronext Brussels', 'EVSB.BR', 'Liège', 'uneven year', 'Operating expenses', 'intangible assets', 'same period', 'future periods', 'controlled increase', 'team members', 'dividend policy', 'base dividend', 'Key figures', 'Gross margin', 'Operating margin', 'fiscal year', 'remarkable milestones', 'pivotal role', 'upcoming year', 'strategic move', 'key player', 'Customer satisfaction', 'high level', 'Top Employer', 'elite group', 'ambitious 2030 goals', 'PlayForward strategy', 'EVS.BR', 'EVS BB', 'Group share', 'annual results', 'expected absence', 'best companies', 'diluted earnings', '2023 results', '90 companies', 'Publication', 'February', 'closing', 'Bloomberg', 'Reuters', 'Belgium', 'effectiveness', 'sustained', 'success', 'testament', 'efficacy', 'start', 'depreciation', '4Q23', 'EBIT', 'associated', 'Outlook', 'beginning', 'number', 'dividends', 'line', 'Pts', 'EPS', 'Comments', 'CEO', 'commitment', 'LAB', 'regions', 'contributions', 'position', 'industry', 'NPS', 'Devoncroft', 'excellence', 'recognition', 'close', 'Governance', 'evaluations', 'Ecovadis', 'Sustainalytics', 'innovation', 'generati', '8']",2024-02-22,2024-02-23,marketscreener.com
36532,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2024/02/22/2833927/0/en/Tonner-Drones-Publication-of-the-Half-year-Financial-Report-to-June-30-2023.html,Tonner Drones : Publication of the Half-year Financial Report to June 30  2023,Publication of the Half-year Financial Report to June 30  2023   Cannes  22 February 2024    Tonner Drones (FR001400H2X4 - ALTD) is pleased to announce...,Publication of the Half-year Financial Report to June 30  2023Cannes  22 February 2024Tonner Drones (FR001400H2X4 - ALTD) is pleased to announce its half-year financial report for the period from 1 January to 30 June 2023.On October 30th  new management was forced to ask the AMF to grant it a delay in the publication of its semi-annual accounts given numerous financial and operational difficulties it discovered in the company following the change of control on 5 June 2023.As announced with its results in the press release of 29 December 20231  Tonner Drones undertook an extensive period of financial  corporate  and operational restructuring and is in the process of finalizing its refinancing. All of these complex steps necessitated a delay in the publication of the semi-annual results until today.Among other measures undertaken during this period  the company streamlined its structure such that it today consists only of the parent  Tonner Drones  and one subsidiary:1) TONNER DRONES SAS (922 212 469 RCS CANNES)Through these and other cost-saving measures  Tonner Drones now only needs less than € 50 000 in cash per month to cover the operational costs. This amount was over €200 000 per month before new management took control. Tonner Drones will continue evaluate and limit its costs going forward.Following the publication of the semi-annual report on its website today  Tonner Drones will once again be in compliance with the Euronext Rule Book  and will request that Euronext lift the trading sanction (penalty bench) that has been in place since December 4th.Tonner Drones will publish its annual 2023 results and annual accounts by 30 April 2024.About Tonner Drones : Tonner Drones (formerly Delta Drone) develops UAVs and associated technologies for the defense and homeland security sectors. Tonner Drones holds valuable stakes in some of France's leading civilian and military drone manufacturers. Tonner Drones’ strategy is to leverage its shareholdings in these companies through active asset management  a private equity fund  and by teaming up with other private equity funds to become a significant industry consolidator. Additional revenues can be achieved through royalties from patents held by Tonner Drones to recognized manufacturers. Tonner Drones does not plan on owning a factory; however  it is determined to retain R&D for its products and systems in France.Tonner Drones’ shares are listed on Euronext Growth Paris (ISIN code: FR001400H2X4).More information at www.tonnerdrones.comIf you would like to find out more  or if you are interested in a partnership: contact@tonnerdrones.comContactActifinJean-Yves BARBARAFinancial communicationjybarbara@actifin.fr+33 (0)1 56 88 11 13 ActifinAmélie OrioPress Relationsamelie.orio@seitosei-actifin.com+33 (0)1 56 88 11 161 https://tonnerdrones.com/wp-content/uploads/2023/12/Half-year-results-Final-English-PR-29.12.23.pdfAttachment,neutral,0.01,0.98,0.0,mixed,0.18,0.18,0.64,True,English,"['Half-year Financial Report', 'Tonner Drones', 'Publication', 'June', 'Amélie Orio Press Relations', 'other private equity funds', 'homeland security sectors', 'significant industry consolidator', 'other cost-saving measures', 'Euronext Rule Book', 'active asset management', 'Euronext Growth Paris', 'Half-year Financial Report', 'military drone manufacturers', 'TONNER DRONES SAS', 'Tonner Drones’ strategy', 'press release', 'other measures', 'semi-annual report', 'numerous financial', 'Delta Drone', 'Financial communication', 'new management', 'October 30th', 'semi-annual accounts', 'operational difficulties', 'operational restructuring', 'complex steps', 'one subsidiary', 'trading sanction', 'penalty bench', 'associated technologies', 'valuable stakes', 'leading civilian', 'Additional revenues', 'R&D', 'ISIN code', 'More information', 'Jean-Yves BARBARA', 'semi-annual results', 'annual 2023 results', '469 RCS CANNES', 'operational costs', 'December 4th', 'extensive period', '29 December', 'Publication', 'June', '22 February', 'FR001400H2X4', 'ALTD', '1 January', 'AMF', 'delay', 'company', 'change', 'control', 'process', 'refinancing', 'today', 'structure', 'parent', 'cash', 'month', 'amount', 'website', 'compliance', 'place', '30 April', 'UAVs', 'defense', 'France', 'shareholdings', 'companies', 'royalties', 'patents', 'factory', 'products', 'systems', 'shares', 'tonnerdrones', 'partnership', 'Contact', 'Actifin', 'jybarbara', 'amelie', 'seitosei', 'uploads', 'Half-year-results-Final-English-PR', 'Attachment']",2024-02-22,2024-02-23,globenewswire.com
36533,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2024/02/22/2833916/0/en/ARGAN-Voting-rights-and-number-of-shares-February-14-2024.html,ARGAN: Voting rights and number of shares - February 14  2024,Press release – Neuilly sur Seine  Thursday  February 22  2024 – 5.45 pm    Information regarding the total number of voting rights and shares...,Press release – Neuilly sur Seine  Thursday  February 22  2024 – 5.45 pmInformation regarding the total number of voting rights and shares composing the share capital on February 14  2024On February 14  2024  the day we released our notice of meeting ahead of our Combined General Meeting of Shareholders – to be held on March 21  2024 – the total number of voting rights and shares composing ARGAN’s share capital was as follows:February 14  2024 Total number of shares in the share capital 23 092 378 Total theoretical number of voting rights (1) 23 092 378 Total actual number of voting rights (2) 23 078 222(1) Including the number of shares that have no voting rights (self-detained shares as part of the liquidity contract)(2) Excluding the number of shares that have no voting rights (self-detained shares as part of the liquidity contract)2024 financial calendar (Publication of the press release after closing of the stock exchange)March 21: General Assembly 2024April 2: Net sales of 1 st quarter 2024quarter 2024 July 1: Net sales of 2 nd quarter 2024quarter 2024 July 24: Half-year results 2024October 1: Net sales of 3rd quarter 20242025 financial calendar (Publication of the press release after closing of the stock exchange)January 3: Net sales of 4 th quarter 2024quarter 2024 January 16: Annual results 2024March 20: General Assembly 2025About ARGANARGAN is the only French real estate company specializing in the DEVELOPMENT & RENTAL OF PREMIUM WAREHOUSES listed on EURONEXT and is the leading player of its market. Building on a unique client-tenant-centric approach  ARGAN builds pre-let PREMIUM warehouses for blue-chip clients and supports them throughout all project phases from the development milestones to the rental management.Profitability  tight control over our debt and sustainability are at the heart of ARGAN’s DNA. Its strongly proactive ESG policy has very concrete results with our Aut0nom® concept  the “in-use” Net Zero warehouse.As of today  our portfolio represents 3.6 million sq.m  across about a hundred warehouses  exclusively located in the continental part of France. This portfolio is valued €3.7 billion as at December 31  2023 for a yearly rental income of about €200 million in 2024.ARGAN is a listed real estate investment company (French SIIC)  on Compartment A of Euronext Paris (ISIN FR0010481960 - ARG) and is included in the Euronext SBF 120  CAC All-Share  EPRA Europe and IEIF SIIC France indices.www.argan.frFrancis Albertinelli – CFOAymar de Germay – General SecretarySamy Bensaid – Head of Investor RelationsPhone: +33 1 47 47 47 40E-mail: contact@argan.frwww.argan.frMarlène Brisset – Media relationsPhone: +33 6 59 42 29 35E-mail: argan@citigatedewerogerson.comAttachment,neutral,0.02,0.97,0.01,neutral,0.03,0.96,0.01,True,English,"['Voting rights', 'ARGAN', 'number', 'shares', 'February', 'real estate investment company', 'French real estate company', 'IEIF SIIC France indices', 'unique client-tenant-centric approach', 'proactive ESG policy', 'Aymar de Germay', 'Marlène Brisset', 'Net Zero warehouse', 'yearly rental income', 'Combined General Meeting', 'Total theoretical number', 'French SIIC', 'General Assembly', 'General Secretary', 'Net sales', 'total number', 'Press release', 'voting rights', 'share capital', 'liquidity contract', '2024 financial calendar', 'stock exchange', 'Half-year results', '2025 financial calendar', 'Annual results', 'PREMIUM WAREHOUSES', 'leading player', 'blue-chip clients', 'project phases', 'rental management', 'tight control', 'concrete results', 'Aut0nom® concept', '3.6 million sq', 'hundred warehouses', 'EPRA Europe', 'Francis Albertinelli', 'Samy Bensaid', 'Investor Relations', 'Media relations', 'actual number', 'Euronext Paris', 'Euronext SBF', '1 st quarter', '2 nd quarter', '3rd quarter', '4 th quarter', 'development milestones', 'continental part', 'Neuilly', 'Seine', 'Thursday', 'February', 'Information', 'shares', 'notice', 'Shareholders', 'March', 'ARGAN', 'Publication', 'closing', 'April', 'October', 'January', 'market', 'Profitability', 'debt', 'sustainability', 'heart', 'DNA', 'today', 'portfolio', 'December 31', 'Compartment', 'ISIN', 'CAC', 'CFO', 'Head', 'Phone', 'mail', 'citigatedewerogerson', 'Attachment', '5.45']",2024-02-22,2024-02-23,globenewswire.com
36534,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2024/02/22/2833283/0/en/argenx-to-Report-Full-Year-2023-Financial-Results-and-Fourth-Quarter-Business-Update-on-February-29-2024.html,argenx to Report Full Year 2023 Financial Results and Fourth Quarter Business Update on February 29  2024,February 22  2024Amsterdam  the Netherlands – argenx (Euronext & Nasdaq: ARGX)  a global immunology company committed to improving the lives of people suffering from severe autoimmune diseases  today announced that it will host a conference call and audio web…,February 22  2024Amsterdam  the Netherlands – argenx (Euronext & Nasdaq: ARGX)  a global immunology company committed to improving the lives of people suffering from severe autoimmune diseases  today announced that it will host a conference call and audio webcast on Thursday  February 29  2024 at 2:30 PM CET (8:30 AM ET) to discuss its full year 2023 financial results and provide a fourth quarter business update.A webcast of the live call may be accessed on the Investors section of the argenx website at argenx.com/investors. A replay of the webcast will be available on the argenx website for approximately one year following the presentation.About argenxargenx is a global immunology company committed to improving the lives of people suffering from severe autoimmune diseases. Partnering with leading academic researchers through its Immunology Innovation Program (IIP)  argenx aims to translate immunology breakthroughs into a world-class portfolio of novel antibody-based medicines. argenx developed and is commercializing the first approved neonatal Fc receptor (FcRn) blocker in the U.S.  Japan  Israel  the EU  the UK  Canada and China. The Company is evaluating efgartigimod in multiple serious autoimmune diseases and advancing several earlier stage experimental medicines within its therapeutic franchises. For more information  visit www.argenx.com and follow us on LinkedIn  Twitter  and Instagram.For further information  please contact:Media:Ben PetokBPetok@argenx.comInvestors:Alexandra Roy (US)aroy@argenx.comLynn Elton (EU)lelton@argenx.com,neutral,0.02,0.98,0.01,neutral,0.03,0.95,0.03,True,English,"['Full Year 2023 Financial Results', 'Fourth Quarter Business Update', 'argenx', 'February', 'several earlier stage experimental medicines', 'fourth quarter business update', 'full year 2023 financial results', 'multiple serious autoimmune diseases', 'novel antibody-based medicines', 'severe autoimmune diseases', 'leading academic researchers', 'neonatal Fc receptor', 'Ben Petok BPetok', 'Immunology Innovation Program', 'global immunology company', 'one year', 'immunology breakthroughs', 'The Company', 'conference call', '2:30 PM CET', 'live call', 'world-class portfolio', 'FcRn) blocker', 'U.S.', 'therapeutic franchises', 'Alexandra Roy', 'Lynn Elton', 'audio webcast', 'Investors section', 'argenx website', 'February', 'Amsterdam', 'Netherlands', 'Euronext', 'Nasdaq', 'ARGX', 'lives', 'people', 'Thursday', 'replay', 'presentation', 'IIP', 'first', 'Japan', 'Israel', 'UK', 'Canada', 'China', 'efgartigimod', 'information', 'LinkedIn', 'Twitter', 'Instagram', 'Media', 'aroy', 'lelton']",2024-02-22,2024-02-23,globenewswire.com
36535,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/ARGENX-SE-16911676/news/Argenx-to-Report-Full-Year-2023-Financial-Results-and-Fourth-Quarter-Business-Update-on-February-29-46003944/,Argenx to Report Full Year 2023 Financial Results and Fourth Quarter Business Update on February 29  2024,(marketscreener.com) February 22  2024Amsterdam  the Netherlands – argenx   a global immunology company committed to improving the lives of people suffering from severe autoimmune diseases  today announced that it will host a conference call and audio webcast…,February 22  2024Amsterdam  the Netherlands – argenx (Euronext & Nasdaq: ARGX)  a global immunology company committed to improving the lives of people suffering from severe autoimmune diseases  today announced that it will host a conference call and audio webcast on Thursday  February 29  2024 at 2:30 PM CET (8:30 AM ET) to discuss its full year 2023 financial results and provide a fourth quarter business update.A webcast of the live call may be accessed on the Investors section of the argenx website at argenx.com/investors. A replay of the webcast will be available on the argenx website for approximately one year following the presentation.About argenxargenx is a global immunology company committed to improving the lives of people suffering from severe autoimmune diseases. Partnering with leading academic researchers through its Immunology Innovation Program (IIP)  argenx aims to translate immunology breakthroughs into a world-class portfolio of novel antibody-based medicines. argenx developed and is commercializing the first approved neonatal Fc receptor (FcRn) blocker in the U.S.  Japan  Israel  the EU  the UK  Canada and China. The Company is evaluating efgartigimod in multiple serious autoimmune diseases and advancing several earlier stage experimental medicines within its therapeutic franchises. For more information  visit www.argenx.com and follow us on LinkedIn  Twitter  and Instagram.For further information  please contact:Media:Ben PetokBPetok@argenx.comInvestors:Alexandra Roy (US)aroy@argenx.comLynn Elton (EU)lelton@argenx.com,neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,neutral,0.03,0.95,0.03,True,English,"['Full Year 2023 Financial Results', 'Fourth Quarter Business Update', 'Argenx', 'February', 'several earlier stage experimental medicines', 'fourth quarter business update', 'full year 2023 financial results', 'multiple serious autoimmune diseases', 'novel antibody-based medicines', 'severe autoimmune diseases', 'leading academic researchers', 'neonatal Fc receptor', 'Ben Petok BPetok', 'Immunology Innovation Program', 'global immunology company', 'one year', 'immunology breakthroughs', 'The Company', 'conference call', '2:30 PM CET', 'live call', 'world-class portfolio', 'FcRn) blocker', 'U.S.', 'therapeutic franchises', 'Alexandra Roy', 'Lynn Elton', 'audio webcast', 'Investors section', 'argenx website', 'February', 'Amsterdam', 'Netherlands', 'Euronext', 'Nasdaq', 'ARGX', 'lives', 'people', 'Thursday', 'replay', 'presentation', 'IIP', 'first', 'Japan', 'Israel', 'UK', 'Canada', 'China', 'efgartigimod', 'information', 'LinkedIn', 'Twitter', 'Instagram', 'Media', 'aroy', 'lelton']",2024-02-22,2024-02-23,marketscreener.com
36536,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2024/02/22/2833330/0/en/Van-Lanschot-Kempen-releases-Annual-Report-2023.html,Van Lanschot Kempen releases Annual Report 2023,Amsterdam/’s-Hertogenbosch  the Netherlands  22 February 2024  Van Lanschot Kempen today publishes its Annual Report 2023. The report offers...,Amsterdam/’s-Hertogenbosch  the Netherlands  22 February 2024Van Lanschot Kempen today publishes its Annual Report 2023. The report offers shareholders and other stakeholders a comprehensive view of Van Lanschot Kempen’s performance in 2023.The full annual report – consisting of the directors’ report  the annual accounts  the remuneration report and other appendices – can be downloaded from the website: Financial results (vanlanschotkempen.com)ADDITIONAL INFORMATIONFor additional information  go to Investor Relations (vanlanschotkempen.com).FINANCIAL CALENDAR30 April 2024 Publication of first-quarter 2024 trading update23 May 2024 Annual General Meeting (AGM)27 May 2024 Ex-dividend date4 June 2024 2023 dividend payment date20 June 2024 Investor Day22 August 2024 Publication of 2024 half-year results1 November 2024 Publication of third-quarter 2024 trading updateMedia RelationsMaud van GaalT +31 20 354 45 85mediarelations@vanlanschotkempen.comInvestor RelationsJudith van TolT +31 20 354 45 90investorrelations@vanlanschotkempen.comAbout Van Lanschot KempenVan Lanschot Kempen is an independent  specialist wealth manager active in private banking  investment management and investment banking  with the aim of preserving and creating wealth  in a sustainable way  for both its clients and the society of which it is part. Through our long-term focus  we create positive financial and nonfinancial value. Listed at Euronext Amsterdam  Van Lanschot Kempen is the Netherlands’ oldest independent financial services company  with a history dating back to 1737.For more information  please visit vanlanschotkempen.comDisclaimerThis press release does not constitute an offer or solicitation for the sale  purchase or acquisition in any other way or subscription to any financial instrument and is not a recommendation to perform or refrain from performing any action.This press release is a translation of the Dutch language original and is provided as a courtesy only. In the event of any disparities  the Dutch language version will prevail. No rights can be derived from any translation thereof.Attachment,neutral,0.03,0.97,0.01,negative,0.02,0.35,0.63,True,English,"['Van Lanschot Kempen', 'Annual Report', 'Netherlands’ oldest independent financial services company', 'third-quarter 2024 trading update Media Relations', 'independent, specialist wealth manager', '23 May 2024 Annual General Meeting', 'first-quarter 2024 trading update', 'Van Lanschot Kempen', 'Maud van Gaal', 'Judith van Tol', 'Dutch language original', 'Dutch language version', 'dividend payment date', 'full annual report', '20 June 2024 Investor Day', 'Investor Relations', 'Financial results', 'FINANCIAL CALENDAR', 'positive financial', 'financial instrument', 'annual accounts', 'Ex-dividend date', 'other stakeholders', 'comprehensive view', 'directors’ report', 'remuneration report', 'other appendices', '2024 half-year results', 'private banking', 'investment management', 'investment banking', 'sustainable way', 'long-term focus', 'nonfinancial value', 'press release', 'other way', 'ADDITIONAL INFORMATION', 'Euronext Amsterdam', '27 May 2024', '4 June', 'Hertogenbosch', '22 February', 'shareholders', 'performance', 'website', 'vanlanschotkempen', '30 April', 'Publication', 'AGM', 'August', '1 November', 'mediarelations', 'investorrelations', 'aim', 'clients', 'society', 'part', 'history', 'offer', 'solicitation', 'sale', 'purchase', 'acquisition', 'subscription', 'recommendation', 'action', 'translation', 'courtesy', 'event', 'disparities', 'rights', 'Attachment']",2024-02-22,2024-02-23,globenewswire.com
36537,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.investing.com/news/stock-market-news/sanofi-to-nominate-three-new-independent-directors-93CH-3311866,Sanofi to nominate three new independent directors By Investing.com,Sanofi to nominate three new independent directors,Published Feb 22  2024 01:14PM ET© Reuters.SNY +2.03% Add to/Remove from WatchlistPARIS - Sanofi (NASDAQ: )'s Board of Directors announced today that it will propose the appointment of Clotilde Delbos  Anne-Françoise Nesmes  and John Sundy as independent directors at the upcoming General Shareholder Meeting scheduled for April 30  2024. This announcement comes as the healthcare company prepares for the departure of Diane Souza and Thomas Südhof from the board at the conclusion of their terms.The proposed appointments aim to bolster the board's financial and scientific expertise  particularly in the field of immunology. Clotilde Delbos  with a background as Group CFO of Renault (EPA: ) and current director of Axa and Alstom (EPA: )  brings extensive financial experience. Anne-Françoise Nesmes  set to step down as CFO of Smith + Nephew PLC  has a strong track record in finance roles across various international companies. John Sundy  currently Chief Medical Officer at Seicmic Therapeutic  offers significant scientific credentials with a focus on immunology.The board will temporarily expand to 17 members to accommodate these changes and to prepare for the end of Fabienne Lecorvaisier's term as director and Chairman of the Audit Committee in 2025. The Chairman expressed gratitude to Souza and Südhof for their contributions and highlighted the board's ongoing commitment to diversity and the strategic development of the group.Sanofi  a global healthcare leader  is dedicated to the pursuit of scientific innovations to enhance patient care across the world. The company's shares are traded on EURONEXT: SAN and NASDAQ: SNY.This report is based on a press release statement from Sanofi.This article was generated with the support of AI and reviewed by an editor. For more information see our T&C.,neutral,0.06,0.93,0.01,positive,0.82,0.16,0.01,True,English,"['three new independent directors', 'Sanofi', 'Investing', 'upcoming General Shareholder Meeting', 'Anne-Françoise Nesmes', 'strong track record', 'various international companies', 'Chief Medical Officer', 'press release statement', 'global healthcare leader', 'significant scientific credentials', 'Thomas Südhof', 'extensive financial experience', 'scientific expertise', 'scientific innovations', 'Clotilde Delbos', 'John Sundy', 'healthcare company', 'Nephew PLC', 'finance roles', 'Seicmic Therapeutic', 'Fabienne Lecorvaisier', 'Audit Committee', 'ongoing commitment', 'strategic development', 'patient care', 'T&C.', 'independent directors', 'Diane Souza', 'current director', 'Group CFO', 'Feb', 'Reuters', 'SNY', 'Watchlist', 'PARIS', 'Sanofi', 'NASDAQ', 'Board', 'appointment', 'April', 'announcement', 'departure', 'conclusion', 'terms', 'field', 'immunology', 'background', 'Renault', 'Axa', 'Alstom', 'Smith', 'focus', '17 members', 'changes', 'Chairman', 'gratitude', 'contributions', 'diversity', 'pursuit', 'world', 'shares', 'EURONEXT', 'report', 'article', 'support', 'editor', 'information', '©']",2024-02-22,2024-02-23,investing.com
36538,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/HEINEKEN-HOLDING-N-V-6407/news/Heineken-Holding-N-V-publishes-Annual-Report-2023-46007113/,Heineken Holding N.V. publishes Annual Report 2023,(marketscreener.com) Amsterdam  22 February 2024 - Heineken Holding N.V. today announced that it has published its 2023 Annual Report.The 2023 Annual Report of Heineken Holding N.V. is available on: www.heinekenholding.com ENDS PRESS ENQUIRIES Media Heineken …,"Amsterdam  22 February 2024 - Heineken Holding N.V. (EURONEXT: HEIO; OTCQX: HKHHY) today announced that it has published its 2023 Annual Report.The 2023 Annual Report of Heineken Holding N.V. is available on: www.heinekenholding.comENDSPRESS ENQUIRIESMedia Heineken Holding N.V.Kees JongsmaTel: +31-6-54798253E-mail: cjongsma@spj.nlMedia Heineken N.V.Press enquiriesJoris Evers/ Michael FuchsE-mail: pressoffice@heineken.comTel: +31-20-5239-355Investor and analyst enquiriesFederico Castillo Martinez / Mark MatthewsE-mail: investors@heineken.comTel: +31-20-5239-590About HEINEKENHeineken Holding N.V. engages in no activities other than its participating interest in Heineken N.V. and the management or supervision of and provision of services to that company.HEINEKEN is the world's most international brewer. It is the leading developer and marketer of premium and non-alcoholic beer and cider brands. Led by the Heineken® brand  the Group has a portfolio of more than 300 international  regional  local and specialty beers and ciders. With HEINEKEN’s over 90 000 employees  HEINEKEN brews the joy of true togetherness to inspire a better world. HEINEKEN’s dream is to shape the future of beer and beyond to win the hearts of consumers. HEINEKEN is committed to innovation  long-term brand investment  disciplined sales execution and focused cost management. Through ""Brew a Better World""  sustainability is embedded in the business. HEINEKEN has a well-balanced geographic footprint with leadership positions in both developed and developing markets. HEINEKEN operates breweries  malteries  cider plants and other production facilities in more than 70 countries. Most recent information is available on Heineken Holding N.V.’s website or Heineken N.V.'s website and follow HEINEKEN on LinkedIn  Twitter and Instagram.Attachment",neutral,0.02,0.98,0.01,positive,0.56,0.43,0.01,True,English,"['Heineken Holding N.V.', 'Annual Report', 'PRESS ENQUIRIES Media Heineken Holding N.V.', 'Media Heineken N.V.', 'Federico Castillo Martinez', 'other production facilities', 'Most recent information', 'long-term brand investment', 'focused cost management', 'analyst enquiries', 'Heineken® brand', '2023 Annual Report', 'Kees Jongsma', 'Joris Evers', 'Michael Fuchs', 'Mark Matthews', 'participating interest', 'international brewer', 'leading developer', 'cider brands', 'regional, local', 'specialty beers', 'true togetherness', 'sales execution', 'geographic footprint', 'leadership positions', 'developing markets', 'cider plants', 'non-alcoholic beer', 'Better World', 'Amsterdam', '22 February', 'EURONEXT', 'HEIO', 'OTCQX', 'HKHHY', 'heinekenholding', 'ENDS', 'mail', 'cjongsma', 'spj', 'nl', 'pressoffice', 'Investor', 'activities', 'supervision', 'provision', 'services', 'company', 'marketer', 'premium', 'Group', 'portfolio', 'ciders', '90,000 employees', 'joy', 'dream', 'future', 'hearts', 'consumers', 'innovation', 'sustainability', 'business', 'developed', 'breweries', 'malteries', '70 countries', 'website', 'LinkedIn', 'Twitter', 'Instagram', 'Attachment']",2024-02-22,2024-02-23,marketscreener.com
36539,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/LLEIDANETWORKS-SERVEIS-TE-111615945/news/Lleida-net-signs-a-600-000-euro-contract-with-Colmedica--46005174/,Lleida.net signs a 600 000 euro contract with Colmédica,(marketscreener.com) Madrid and Bogota  February 22nd. - Spanish listed Lleida.net has signed a five-year contract with Colmédica Medicina Prepagada for an estimated total amount of €600 000.  The technology company  which has been operating in Colombia since…,"Madrid and Bogota  February 22nd. - Spanish listed Lleida.net (BME:LLN) (EPA:ALLLN) (OTCQX:LLEIF) has signed a five-year contract with Colmédica Medicina Prepagada for an estimated total amount of €600 000.The technology company  which has been operating in Colombia since 2014  will provide legally valid electronic contracting  notification and signature services for automatic form drafting and signing of patient informed consents and administrative documents.Colmédica is a leader in the provision of prepaid healthcare services in Colombia.The contract signed includes improving and optimizing the administrative management of all the centers in which Colmédica is located.The Spanish company has accumulated a total of 309 patents in more than 60 countries for its innovations in the field of certified electronic signature  notification and contracting.Its approach to growth is based on a solid development policy in intellectual property and R&D  as well as a reinforcement of its internationalization policy.The company  founded in 1995  was first listed on BME Growth in 2015  on the Madrid stock exchange.It subsequently listed on Euronext Growth Paris in 2018  and on OTC Markets in New York in 2020. Its securities are also traded on the Frankfurt and Stuttgart stock exchanges.SAFE HARBOR STATEMENTThis press release contains statements regarding the future of the company and its innovations. Statements regarding the future may be accompanied by words such as ""anticipate""  ""believe""  ""estimate""  ""wait""  ""anticipate""  ""pretend""  ""power""  ""plan""  ""potential""  the use of future time and other terms of similar meaning. No undue reliance should be placed on these claims. These statements involve risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from those reflected in such statements  including uncertainty of the company's commercial success  ability to protect our intellectual property rights  and other risks. These statements are based on current beliefs and forecasts and refer only to the date of this press release. The company assumes no obligation to publicly update its forward-looking statements  regardless of whether new information  future events or any other circumstance arise.",neutral,0.03,0.96,0.01,negative,0.0,0.05,0.95,True,English,"['Lleida.net', '600,000 euro contract', 'Colmédica', 'Colmédica Medicina Prepagada', 'automatic form drafting', 'patient informed consents', 'Stuttgart stock exchanges', 'SAFE HARBOR STATEMENT', 'prepaid healthcare services', 'certified electronic signature', 'solid development policy', 'valid electronic contracting', 'Madrid stock exchange', 'Euronext Growth Paris', 'intellectual property rights', 'signature services', 'internationalization policy', 'administrative documents', 'administrative management', 'R&D', 'OTC Markets', 'New York', 'press release', 'other terms', 'similar meaning', 'undue reliance', 'actual results', 'commercial success', 'current beliefs', 'new information', 'other circumstance', 'five-year contract', 'total amount', 'BME Growth', 'future time', 'other risks', 'future events', 'technology company', 'forward-looking statements', 'Spanish company', 'Bogota', 'February', 'Lleida', 'net', 'LLN', 'OTCQX', 'LLEIF', 'Colombia', 'notification', 'signing', 'leader', 'provision', 'centers', '309 patents', '60 countries', 'innovations', 'field', 'approach', 'reinforcement', 'securities', 'Frankfurt', 'words', 'power', 'plan', 'use', 'claims', 'uncertainties', 'uncertainty', 'ability', 'forecasts', 'date', 'obligation']",2024-02-22,2024-02-23,marketscreener.com
36540,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/FLEX-LNG-LTD-111319127/news/Flex-LNG-Ex-Date-Q4-2023-46004031/,Flex LNG - Ex Date Q4 2023,(marketscreener.com) HAMILTON  Bermuda  Feb. 22  2024 /PRNewswire/ -- The shares in Flex LNG Ltd. will be traded ex dividend of USD 0.75 per share for the fourth quarter of 2023 as of today  February 22  2024.The dividend will be paid on or about March 5 …,"HAMILTON  Bermuda  Feb. 22  2024 /PRNewswire/ -- The shares in Flex LNG Ltd. (Ticker: FLNG) will be traded ex dividend of USD 0.75 per share for the fourth quarter of 2023 as of today  February 22  2024.The dividend will be paid on or about March 5  2024. Due to the implementation of CSDR in Norway  dividends payable to shares registered with Euronext VPS will be distributed on or about March 8  2024.For further information  please contact:Mr. Knut Traaholt  Chief Financial Officer of Flex LNG Management ASTelephone: +47 23 11 40 00Email: ir@flexlng.comAbout Flex LNGFlex LNG is a shipping company focused on the growing market for Liquefied Natural Gas (LNG). Our fleet consists of thirteen LNG carriers on the water and all of our vessels are state-of-the-art ships with the latest generation two-stroke propulsion (MEGI and X-DF). These modern ships offer significant improvements in fuel efficiency and thus also carbon footprint compared to the older steam and four-stroke propelled ships. We have built up a significant contract backlog  having fixed 11 of our 13 vessels on long term fixed-rate charter contracts and one vessel on variable hire time charter. Flex LNG is listed both on the New York Stock Exchange (NYSE) and Oslo Stock Exchange (OSE) under the ticker ""FLNG"". For more information  go to: www.flexlng.comThis information is subject to the disclosure requirements pursuant to section 5-12 of the Norwegian Securities Trading Act.View original content:https://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/flex-lng---ex-date-q4-2023-302068345.htmlSOURCE Flex LNG",neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,neutral,0.02,0.95,0.03,True,English,"['Ex Date Q4', 'Flex LNG', 'long term fixed-rate charter contracts', 'variable hire time charter', 'latest generation two-stroke propulsion', 'Norwegian Securities Trading Act', 'New York Stock Exchange', 'Flex LNG Management AS', 'Oslo Stock Exchange', 'Mr. Knut Traaholt', 'Chief Financial Officer', 'Liquefied Natural Gas', 'significant contract backlog', 'thirteen LNG carriers', 'four-stroke propelled ships', 'Flex LNG Ltd', 'SOURCE Flex LNG', 'significant improvements', 'art ships', 'modern ships', 'fourth quarter', 'Euronext VPS', 'shipping company', 'growing market', 'fuel efficiency', 'carbon footprint', 'older steam', 'one vessel', 'disclosure requirements', 'original content', 'ex dividend', 'HAMILTON', 'Bermuda', 'Feb.', 'PRNewswire', 'shares', 'Ticker', 'FLNG', 'USD', 'today', 'February', 'March', 'implementation', 'CSDR', 'Norway', 'dividends', 'information', 'Telephone', 'Email', 'flexlng', 'fleet', 'water', 'vessels', 'MEGI', 'X-DF', 'NYSE', 'OSE', 'section', 'news-releases', 'date']",2024-02-22,2024-02-23,marketscreener.com
36541,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.investorsobserver.com/news/qm-pr/5694296615605705,Flex LNG - Ex Date Q4 2023,Flex LNG - Ex Date Q4 2023           PR Newswire             HAMILTON  Bermuda           Feb. 22  2024     /PRNewswire/ --&#xA0;The shares in Flex&#xA0;LNG Ltd. (Ticker: FLNG) will be traded ex dividend of   USD 0.75   per share for the fourth quarter ...,"HAMILTON  Bermuda   Feb. 22  2024 /PRNewswire/ -- The shares in Flex LNG Ltd. (Ticker: FLNG) will be traded ex dividend of USD 0.75 per share for the fourth quarter of 2023 as of today  February 22  2024 .The dividend will be paid on or about March 5  2024 . Due to the implementation of CSDR in Norway   dividends payable to shares registered with Euronext VPS will be distributed on or about March 8  2024 .For further information  please contact:Mr. Knut Traaholt   Chief Financial Officer of Flex LNG Management ASTelephone: +47 23 11 40 00Email: ir@flexlng.comAbout Flex LNGFlex LNG is a shipping company focused on the growing market for Liquefied Natural Gas (LNG). Our fleet consists of thirteen LNG carriers on the water and all of our vessels are state-of-the-art ships with the latest generation two-stroke propulsion (MEGI and X-DF). These modern ships offer significant improvements in fuel efficiency and thus also carbon footprint compared to the older steam and four-stroke propelled ships. We have built up a significant contract backlog  having fixed 11 of our 13 vessels on long term fixed-rate charter contracts and one vessel on variable hire time charter. Flex LNG is listed both on the New York Stock Exchange (NYSE) and Oslo Stock Exchange (OSE) under the ticker ""FLNG"". For more information  go to: www.flexlng.comThis information is subject to the disclosure requirements pursuant to section 5-12 of the Norwegian Securities Trading Act.View original content: https://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/flex-lng---ex-date-q4-2023-302068345.htmlSOURCE Flex LNG",neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,neutral,0.03,0.95,0.03,True,English,"['Ex Date Q4', 'Flex LNG', 'long term fixed-rate charter contracts', 'variable hire time charter', 'latest generation two-stroke propulsion', 'Norwegian Securities Trading Act', 'New York Stock Exchange', 'Oslo Stock Exchange', 'Mr. Knut Traaholt', 'Chief Financial Officer', 'Liquefied Natural Gas', 'significant contract backlog', 'four-stroke propelled ships', 'thirteen LNG carriers', 'Flex LNG Ltd.', 'Flex LNG Management', 'SOURCE Flex LNG', 'significant improvements', 'art ships', 'modern ships', 'fourth quarter', 'Euronext VPS', 'shipping company', 'growing market', 'fuel efficiency', 'carbon footprint', 'older steam', 'one vessel', 'disclosure requirements', 'original content', 'HAMILTON', 'Bermuda', 'Feb.', 'PRNewswire', 'shares', 'Ticker', 'FLNG', 'dividend', 'USD', 'today', 'February', 'March', 'implementation', 'CSDR', 'Norway', 'information', 'Telephone', 'Email', 'flexlng', 'fleet', 'water', 'vessels', 'MEGI', 'X-DF', 'NYSE', 'OSE', 'section', 'news-releases', 'date']",2024-02-22,2024-02-23,investorsobserver.com
36542,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/2CRSI-44358422/news/2CRSi-SA-Publication-of-consolidated-financial-statements-from-fiscal-year-2023-2024-46005159/,2CRSi SA: Publication of consolidated financial statements from fiscal year 2023-2024 -February 22  2024 at 02:43 am EST,(marketscreener.com) 2CRSi SA2CRSi SA: Publication of consolidated financial statements from fiscal year 2023-2024 22-Feb-2024 / 08:41 CET/CESTDissemination of a French Regulatory News  transmitted by EQS Group.The issuer is solely responsible f…,2CRSi SA2CRSi SA: Publication of consolidated financial statements from fiscal year 2023-202422-Feb-2024 / 08:41 CET/CESTDissemination of a French Regulatory News  transmitted by EQS Group.The issuer is solely responsible for the content of this announcement.Publication of consolidated financial statements from fiscal year 2023-2024(16-month financial year ending June 30  2024)Sales acceleration confirmedObjective 2023-2024: sales targetting €150 millionAmbition 2025-2026:Sales > €300 millionEBITDA margin > 12Strasbourg (France)  February 22th  2024 - 2CRSi (ISIN: FR0013341781)  the leading designer and manufacturer of high-performance  energy-efficient IT servers  announces its decision to publish consolidated financial statements from the 2023/2024 financial year. As a reminder  at the Annual General Meeting on November 30  2023  it was decided to extend the 2023/2024 financial year to June 30  2024  i.e. over a period of 16 months.This decision comes at a time when the Group is embarking on a new development cycle  illustrated by record orders  allowing the company to comfortably set new ambitions for growth and improved margins.Following the refocusing achieved with the sale of the Boston distribution business  and the R&D efforts made over the last few years  2CRSi is now in a strong position to take full advantage of the explosion in worldwide demand for Artificial Intelligence technology solutions (high-performance servers and hosted computing power) and high value-added services.This strong position is illustrated by the acceleration in rapid order growth over the past few months  which has enabled the Group to rely on an order book  now  at its highest level ever. This situation  unprecedented in the Group's history  means that 2CRSi can now expand its scope  with new ambitions boosted by solid visibility it has acquired with the market.New ambitionsAs a result  2CRSi is today confident in its ability to generate more than sales of €150 million for the 16-month interim financial year ending June 2024  with an EBITDA margin of 3% out of the revenues.For the 12-month financial year 2025-2026  the Group's ambition to exceed sales of €300 million. Achieving this ambition should include a gross margin growth  with an EBITDA target of 12% out of the revenues.Update on the financial situation at the end of January 2024At end-January 2024  gross cash stood at €0.2m  compared with €2.6m at end-February 2023 and €1.7m at end-January 2023. It includes :- The redemption of convertible bonds in November 2023  for an amount of over €1.2 million;- Repayment of the loan used to finance the acquisition of Boston Ltd shares in December 2019. The balance of the loan has been repaid in full on June 30  2023 as part of the sale of Boston. The outstanding principal then amounted to €9 million.This cash position is already improving with the receipt of customer deposits on orders in the execution phase  enabling 2CRSI to meet its obligations over the next 12 months.Total indebtedness (including bank overdrafts) stood at €13.7 million at the end of January 2024  including €8.7 million in bank borrowings excluding leases. The latter mainly comprise PGEs taken out since 2020. The current portion of this debt is €6.8 million (including €3.7 million in bank loans).In addition  in order to meet the new financing needs associated with the current momentum  particularly in the AI business  and to seize all future commercial opportunities  2CRSi is currently seeking new financing  the terms of which have not yet been decided.About 2CRSiFounded in Strasbourg  the 2CRSi Group designs  produces and markets customized  eco-responsible high-performance computer servers. In fiscal year 2022-2023  the Group generated sales of 184 million euros. The Group now markets its innovative solutions (computing  storage and networking) in over 50 countries. 2CRSi has been listed since June 2018 on the Euronext regulated market in Paris (ISIN Code: FR0013341781)  and its shares were transferred to Euronext Growth in November 2022.For more information: 2crsi.comContacts 2CRSi,neutral,0.01,0.98,0.0,positive,0.85,0.14,0.01,True,English,"['consolidated financial statements', '2CRSi SA', 'fiscal year', 'Publication', 'February', '02:43', 'Artificial Intelligence technology solutions', 'high-performance, energy-efficient IT servers', 'eco-responsible high-performance computer servers', '16-month interim financial year', 'consolidated financial statements', 'French Regulatory News', 'Annual General Meeting', 'R&D efforts', 'high value-added services', 'future commercial opportunities', '2023/2024 financial year', '12-month financial year', 'new development cycle', 'Boston distribution business', 'new financing needs', 'Boston Ltd shares', 'rapid order growth', 'gross margin growth', 'high-performance servers', 'innovative solutions', 'fiscal year', 'financial situation', 'gross cash', 'AI business', 'EBITDA margin', 'new ambitions', 'February 22th', 'leading designer', 'strong position', 'full advantage', 'worldwide demand', 'order book', 'highest level', 'solid visibility', 'EBITDA target', 'convertible bonds', 'outstanding principal', 'cash position', 'customer deposits', 'execution phase', 'Total indebtedness', 'bank overdrafts', 'bank borrowings', 'current portion', 'bank loans', 'current momentum', '184 million euros', 'Euronext Growth', 'record orders', 'computing power', 'ISIN Code', 'EQS Group', 'The Group', 'next 12 months', '2CRSi SA', 'Sales acceleration', '2CRSi Group', '16 months', 'Publication', 'CEST', 'Dissemination', 'issuer', 'content', 'announcement', 'June', 'Objective', 'Strasbourg', 'France', 'manufacturer', 'decision', 'reminder', 'November', 'period', 'time', 'company', 'improved', 'margins', 'refocusing', 'last', 'years', 'explosion', 'past', 'history', 'scope', 'market', 'result', 'ability', 'revenues', 'Update', 'end', 'January', 'redemption', 'amount', 'Repayment', 'acquisition', 'December', 'balance', 'part', 'receipt', 'obligations', 'leases', 'PGEs', 'addition', 'terms', 'customized', 'storage', 'networking', '50 countries', 'Paris', 'information', 'Contacts', '08']",2024-02-22,2024-02-23,marketscreener.com
36543,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/VAN-LANSCHOT-KEMPEN-N-V-6308/news/Van-Lanschot-Kempen-launches-share-buy-back-programme-to-fund-remuneration-policy-share-plans-and-i-46004511/,Van Lanschot Kempen launches share buy-back programme to fund remuneration policy  share plans and intended acquisition of Accuro,(marketscreener.com) Amsterdam/’s-Hertogenbosch  the Netherlands  22 February 2024 On 22 February 2024  Van Lanschot Kempen will start the repurchase of up to 700 000 of its own shares   with a maximum total value of €24.5 million. At the closing price of 21 …,Amsterdam/’s-Hertogenbosch  the Netherlands  22 February 2024On 22 February 2024  Van Lanschot Kempen will start the repurchase of up to 700 000 of its own shares (depositary receipts for Class A ordinary shares)  with a maximum total value of €24.5 million. At the closing price of 21 February 2024  the programme will amount to €19.4 million. It will serve to cover the depositary receipts to be allocated to employees under the existing remuneration policy and share plans  and the intended acquisition of Accuro.The share buy-back programme will end on the day before the publication of Van Lanschot Kempen’s 2024 annual figures  or sooner if the maximum number of repurchased shares is reached before then. Van Lanschot Kempen has tasked ING with the implementation of its share buy-back programme. ING will make its trading decisions independently of Van Lanschot Kempen.Updates on the share buy-back programme will be announced in press releases and on the Van Lanschot Kempen website on a weekly basis on the page Share buy-back.Media RelationsMaud van GaalT +31 20 354 45 85mediarelations@vanlanschotkempen.comInvestor RelationsJudith van TolT +31 20 354 45 90investorrelations@vanlanschotkempen.comAbout Van Lanschot KempenVan Lanschot Kempen is an independent  specialist wealth manager active in private banking  investment management and investment banking  with the aim of preserving and creating wealth  in a sustainable way  for both its clients and the society of which it is part. Through our long-term focus  we create positive financial and nonfinancial value. Listed at Euronext Amsterdam  Van Lanschot Kempen is the Netherlands’ oldest independent financial services company  with a history dating back to 1737.For more information  please visit vanlanschotkempen.comDisclaimerThis is an announcement pursuant to Article 5  paragraph 1  of Regulation (EU) Nr. 596/2014.This press release does not constitute an offer or solicitation for the sale  purchase or acquisition in any other way or subscription to any financial instrument and is not a recommendation to perform or refrain from performing any action. This press release is a translation of the Dutch language original and is provided as a courtesy only. In the event of any disparities  the Dutch language version will prevail. No rights can be derived from any translation thereof.Attachment,neutral,0.07,0.93,0.01,negative,0.01,0.25,0.74,True,English,"['Van Lanschot Kempen', 'share buy-back programme', 'share plans', 'remuneration policy', 'intended acquisition', 'Accuro', 'Netherlands’ oldest independent financial services company', 'independent, specialist wealth manager', 'Judith van Tol T', 'Class A ordinary shares', 'Van Lanschot Kempen website', 'Maud van Gaal', 'existing remuneration policy', 'Dutch language original', 'Dutch language version', 'maximum total value', 'share buy-back programme', 'positive financial', 'financial instrument', 'share plans', 'maximum number', 'nonfinancial value', 'depositary receipts', 'closing price', '2024 annual figures', 'trading decisions', 'press releases', 'weekly basis', 'Media Relations', 'Investor Relations', 'private banking', 'investment management', 'investment banking', 'sustainable way', 'long-term focus', 'other way', 'intended acquisition', 'Euronext Amsterdam', 'Hertogenbosch', '22 February', 'repurchase', '21 February', 'employees', 'Accuro', 'day', 'publication', 'implementation', 'Updates', 'page', 'mediarelations', 'vanlanschotkempen', 'investorrelations', 'aim', 'clients', 'society', 'part', 'history', 'information', 'announcement', 'Article', 'paragraph', 'Regulation', 'offer', 'solicitation', 'sale', 'subscription', 'recommendation', 'action', 'translation', 'courtesy', 'event', 'disparities', 'rights', 'Attachment']",2024-02-22,2024-02-23,marketscreener.com
36544,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/JDE-PEET-S-N-V-107634499/news/L-OR-Espresso-enters-into-global-partnership-with-Ferrari-46004510/,L'OR Espresso enters into global partnership with Ferrari,(marketscreener.com) PRESS RELEASE Amsterdam  22 February 2024 JDE Peet’s today announced that L’OR Espresso has entered into a new global partnership with Ferrari. The collaboration will see L’OR Espresso embark on a new chapter alongside the Ferrari in the …,PRESS RELEASEAmsterdam  22 February 2024JDE Peet’s (EURONEXT: JDEP) today announced that L’OR Espresso has entered into a new global partnership with Ferrari. The collaboration will see L’OR Espresso embark on a new chapter alongside the Ferrari in the FIA World Endurance Championship (WEC). The WEC is the world’s premier international sportscar championship and includes the legendary 24 Hours of Le Mans.The partnership between these two iconic brands is fuelled by the shared values such as passion and exquisite craftsmanship and will set the senses racing for the Ferrari team and fans around the world with the distinctive style and energy that L’OR Espresso and Ferrari exemplify.L’OR Espresso branding will be highly visible throughout Ferrari’s WEC racing environment  including branding on the Ferrari 499P Hypercar and driver uniforms. L’OR Espresso will partner with Ferrari to create bespoke content and activities to celebrate the awakening of the senses  intensity of experience  and passion that racing and coffee bring to our lives. L’OR Espresso will also be served using L’OR Barista brewing systems in Ferrari Hypercar team hospitality for racing team personnel  partners  and guests at WEC events around the world.This exciting collaboration will culminate with the launch of a limited edition bespoke range of coffee and coffee brewers inspired by the passion and craftmanship exemplified by both brands.L’OR Espresso will also partner with Ferrari Challenge Trofeo Pirelli  the most renowned single-marque championship that has brought together dream cars and passionate drivers on the world’s most prestigious tracks for over 30 years.Fiona Hughes  Chief Marketing Officer at JDE Peet’s  commented: “We are thrilled to launch our new global partnership with Ferrari. Through this partnership  we continue to demonstrate our commitment to consolidate L’OR Espresso as a global premium coffee brand. L’OR Espresso awakens your senses to experience the power of Ferrari. The sensorial link between the two brands is obvious: leading in passion  in intensity of experience and in exquisite craftsmanship. L’OR Espresso will provide the Ferrari endurance team with the focus they need and allows the fans to be fully immersed in the experience.”Lorenzo Giorgetti  Chief Racing Revenue Offices  commented: “We are very pleased to start collaborating with a leading coffee company like JDE Peet’s and its fast-growing premium brand L'OR Espresso. We share the values of passion  meticulous attention to the consumer  and research for innovation  and are thrilled to begin this journey together. I am convinced that the activation of this partnership will be a great success.”###EnquiriesMediaWill Hummel+31 6 3917 7280Media@JDEPeets.comInvestors & AnalystsRobin Jansen+31 6 1594 4569IR@JDEPeets.comAbout JDE Peet’sJDE Peet’s is the world's leading pure-play coffee and tea company  serving approximately 4 100 cups of coffee or tea per second. JDE Peet's unleashes the possibilities of coffee and tea in more than 100 markets  with a portfolio of over 50 brands including L’OR  Peet’s  Jacobs  Senseo  Tassimo  Douwe Egberts  OldTown  Super  Pickwick and Moccona. In 2023  JDE Peet’s generated total sales of EUR 8.2 billion and employed a global workforce of more than 21 000 employees. Read more about our journey towards a coffee and tea for every cup at www.jdepeets.com .Attachment,neutral,0.1,0.89,0.01,positive,0.67,0.31,0.02,True,English,"[""L'OR Espresso"", 'global partnership', 'Ferrari', 'L’OR Barista brewing systems', 'premier international sportscar championship', 'limited edition bespoke range', 'Chief Racing Revenue Offices', 'Ferrari Challenge Trofeo Pirelli', 'FIA World Endurance Championship', 'Ferrari Hypercar team hospitality', 'L’OR Espresso branding', 'global premium coffee brand', 'growing premium brand', 'renowned single-marque championship', 'Chief Marketing Officer', ""L'OR Espresso"", 'racing team personnel', 'Ferrari 499P Hypercar', 'Ferrari endurance team', 'WEC racing environment', 'new global partnership', 'two iconic brands', 'leading coffee company', 'bespoke content', 'global workforce', 'Ferrari team', 'new chapter', 'leading pure-play', 'two brands', 'PRESS RELEASE', 'The WEC', 'legendary 24 Hours', 'Le Mans', 'exquisite craftsmanship', 'distinctive style', 'driver uniforms', 'WEC events', 'dream cars', 'passionate drivers', 'prestigious tracks', 'Fiona Hughes', 'sensorial link', 'Lorenzo Giorgetti', 'meticulous attention', 'great success', 'Will Hummel', 'Robin Jansen', 'Douwe Egberts', 'total sales', 'JDE Peet', 'tea company', 'coffee brewers', 'exciting collaboration', 'Enquiries Media', '50 brands', 'Amsterdam', '22 February', 'EURONEXT', 'JDEP', 'values', 'senses', 'fans', 'energy', 'activities', 'awakening', 'intensity', 'experience', 'lives', 'guests', 'launch', 'craftmanship', '30 years', 'commitment', 'power', 'focus', 'fast', 'consumer', 'research', 'innovation', 'journey', 'activation', 'Investors', 'Analysts', '4,100 cups', 'second', 'possibilities', '100 markets', 'portfolio', 'Jacobs', 'Senseo', 'Tassimo', 'OldTown', 'Super', 'Pickwick', 'Moccona', '21,000 employees', 'Attachment']",2024-02-22,2024-02-23,marketscreener.com
36545,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2024/02/22/2833294/0/en/Bureau-Veritas-acquires-ANCE-S-A-de-C-V-a-leader-in-the-testing-and-certification-services-for-Electrical-and-Electronics-consumer-products.html,Bureau Veritas acquires ANCE S.A de C.V.  a leader in the testing and certification services for Electrical and Electronics consumer products,PRESS RELEASE  Neuilly-sur-Seine  France – February 22  2024  Bureau Veritas becomes the market leader in Consumer Products Services in Mexico through...,PRESS RELEASENeuilly-sur-Seine  France – February 22  2024Bureau Veritas becomes the market leader in Consumer Products Services in Mexico through the acquisition of “ANCE S.A de C.V.”  a leader in the testing and certification services for Electrical and Electronics consumer productsBureau Veritas  a global leader in the Testing  Inspection and Certification (TIC) industry  announces the acquisition of the Conformity Assessment entity from ANCE Estándares S.C.: “ANCE S.A de C.V.” (Asociación de Normalización y Certificación)  a leader in testing and certification services for electrical and electronic products in Mexico.ANCE S.A de C.V. is the Mexican leader for conformity assessment covering many segments including electrical and electronic products  household appliances  and lighting and wireless products.ANCE S.A de C.V. is a strategic partner to a wide portfolio of domestic clients including manufacturers  retailers  importers  and brands in Mexico  but also worldwide. The company employs around 400 people across its various laboratories across the country and generated a revenue of c.€21 million in 2023.Through this acquisition Bureau Veritas will establish a center of competence supporting Mexico’s continued growth as an importer  manufacturer  and exporter of technology products.This acquisition significantly enhances Bureau Veritas’ Consumer Products Services presence in the Americas  entering a large and growing domestic market with increasing regulatory requirements for quality  safety and energy efficiency. It positions Bureau Veritas Consumer Products Services as the market leader in Mexico.Hinda Gharbi  Chief Executive Officer of Bureau Veritas  commented: “We are delighted to welcome ANCE S.A de C.V. to Bureau Veritas. With the reconfiguration of supply chains  global sourcing shifts  and with customers investing in fast-growing 'near-shoring' markets  it is critical for our future growth to accompany these transformations. Mexico being one of the fastest-growing exporters to the USA  the integration of ANCE S.A de C.V.’s labs and technical knowledge provides an excellent platform for growth in the Americas and is fully aligned with our Consumer Products strategy to diversify into new segments and new geographies.”Abel Hernandez  General Director of ANCE S.A de C.V.  stated: “With its history  customer portfolio  services diversity  shared values and integrity  we are delighted to join Bureau Veritas. Mexico is well positioned for growth with a lot of new investment continuing to flow into the country. In combining Bureau Veritas’s global business platform with ANCE S.A de C.V.’s local expertise and brand strength  we will be able to consolidate our leadership position in Mexico. Jointly  we will offer comprehensive testing  certification and global market solutions that are truly unique in our industry.”About Bureau VeritasBureau Veritas is a world leader in laboratory testing  inspection and certification services. Created in 1828  the Group has circa 82 000 employees located in nearly 1 600 offices and laboratories around the globe. Bureau Veritas helps its 400 000 clients improve their performance by offering services and innovative solutions in order to ensure that their assets  products  infrastructure and processes meet standards and regulations in terms of quality  health and safety  environmental protection and social responsibility.Bureau Veritas is listed on Euronext Paris and belongs to the CAC 40 ESG  CAC Next 20 and SBF 120 indices.Compartment A  ISIN code FR 0006174348  stock symbol: BVI.For more information  visit www.bureauveritas.com  and follow us on Twitter (@bureauveritas) and LinkedIn.Our information is certified with blockchain technology.Check that this press release is genuine at www.wiztrust.com.ANALYST/INVESTOR CONTACTS MEDIA CONTACTS Laurent Brunelle Anette Rey +33 (0)1 55 24 76 09 +33 (0) 6 69 79 84 88 laurent.brunelle@bureauveritas.com anette.rey@bureauveritas.com Colin Verbrugghe +33 (0)1 55 24 77 80 colin.verbrugghe@bureauveritas.comKarine Ansart+33 (0)1 55 24 76 19karine.ansart@bureauveritas.comAttachment,neutral,0.02,0.98,0.0,positive,0.65,0.34,0.01,True,English,"['ANCE S.A de C.V.', 'Electronics consumer products', 'Bureau Veritas', 'certification services', 'leader', 'testing', 'Electrical', 'ANALYST/INVESTOR CONTACTS MEDIA CONTACTS Laurent Brunelle Anette Rey', 'ANCE S.A de C.V.', 'ANCE Estándares S.C.', 'Bureau Veritas’ Consumer Products Services presence', 'Bureau Veritas Consumer Products Services', 'Electronics consumer products', 'Consumer Products strategy', 'increasing regulatory requirements', 'Chief Executive Officer', 'global sourcing shifts', 'global business platform', 'Conformity Assessment entity', 'global market solutions', 'growing domestic market', 'Compartment A', 'comprehensive testing, certification', 'electronic products', 'wireless products', 'technology products', 'certification services', 'growing exporters', 'excellent platform', 'innovative solutions', 'global leader', 'market leader', 'PRESS RELEASE', 'Asociación', 'Normalización', 'Certificación', 'many segments', 'household appliances', 'strategic partner', 'wide portfolio', 'domestic clients', 'energy efficiency', 'Hinda Gharbi', 'supply chains', ""near-shoring' markets"", 'technical knowledge', 'new segments', 'new geographies', 'Abel Hernandez', 'General Director', 'customer portfolio', 'new investment', 'local expertise', 'brand strength', 'leadership position', 'environmental protection', 'social responsibility', 'Euronext Paris', 'SBF 120 indices', 'ISIN code', 'stock symbol', 'blockchain technology', 'Mexican leader', 'world leader', 'various laboratories', 'continued growth', 'future growth', 'CAC 40 ESG', 'Colin Verbrugghe', 'Karine Ansart', '400,000 clients', 'France', 'February', 'Mexico', 'acquisition', 'Electrical', 'Inspection', 'lighting', 'manufacturers', 'retailers', 'importers', 'brands', 'company', '400 people', 'country', 'revenue', 'center', 'competence', 'Americas', 'large', 'safety', 'reconfiguration', 'customers', 'transformations', 'USA', 'integration', 'labs', 'history', 'diversity', 'values', 'integrity', 'lot', 'industry', 'Group', 'circa', '82,000 employees', '1,600 offices', 'globe', 'performance', 'order', 'assets', 'infrastructure', 'processes', 'standards', 'regulations', 'terms', 'quality', 'health', 'BVI.', 'information', 'bureauveritas', 'Twitter', 'LinkedIn', 'wiztrust', 'Attachment']",2024-02-22,2024-02-23,globenewswire.com
36546,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2024/02/22/2833275/0/en/ForFarmers-2023-results-Implementation-of-Local-in-the-lead-bears-fruit.html,ForFarmers 2023 results - Implementation of ‘Local in the lead’ bears fruit,Lochem  22 February 2024            ForFarmers 2023 results - Implementation of ‘Local in the lead’ bears fruit                    Pieter Wolleswinkel ...,"Lochem  22 February 2024ForFarmers 2023 results - Implementation of ‘Local in the lead’ bears fruitPieter Wolleswinkel  CEO of ForFarmers: “2023 was a year of transition for ForFarmers in which we achieved an improvement of our results in the second half. The implementation of our strategy  of being even closer to our farmers with a local market approach  is bearing fruit. We are in a strong position to keep on delivering on our promise to our customers: to provide high-quality feed at a competitive price. The acquisition of Piast in growth market Poland is also an important step in the implementation of our strategy. Not only will this enable us to produce more efficiently but the geographical spread also provides good commercial opportunities. Furthermore in October 2023 we sold our Belgian compound feed activities in view of their limited market perspective for ForFarmers.It is our conviction that livestock farming plays an essential role in safeguarding affordable and sustainable food. We will therefore continue to invest in sustainable solutions such as innovative feed concepts  for example to increase the proportion of co-products in our feed solutions. These are challenging times for many farmers. We look forward to continuing to work on solutions that contribute towards a profitable futureproof farming business  thus putting our mission For the Future of Farming into practice. For ForFarmers  2023 was a year of both challenges and progress  and the latter fills me with confidence for the future. I am convinced that with our people and our strategy we are on the right track.”Read the full press release in the attached document (see below).Note to the editor / For additional information:Marieke Leussink  Manager External Communication M: +31 6 12 56 74 95E: marieke.leussink@forfarmers.euCompany profileForFarmers N.V. ('ForFarmers') offers complete feed solutions to the (organic) livestock farming industry. With its mission ""For the Future of Farming""  ForFarmers is committed to a future-proof farming business and making the agricultural sector more sustainable. Our goal is clear: to contribute to a good return and a robust long-term business model. How? By leading the way with knowledge  advice  support and products on the farm. Close to the farmers  solution-oriented and with an open view of the future. The result: a contribution to affordable and sustainable food  For the Future of Farming.With sales of approximately 8.4 million tonnes of feed  ForFarmers is a leading player in Europe. The company has production operations in the Netherlands (head office)  Germany  Poland and the United Kingdom  and exports to various countries within and outside Europe. ForFarmers has around 2 400 employees and generated revenue of approximately €3 billion in 2023. ForFarmers N.V. is listed on Euronext Amsterdam.Check Imagery | ForFarmers Group - Global for ForFarmers imageryFORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTSThis press release contains forward-looking statements  including those relating to ForFarmers legal obligations in terms of capital and liquidity positions in certain specified scenarios. In addition  forward-looking statements  without limitation  may include such phrases as “intends to”  ""expects“  “takes into account”  ""is aimed at “  ''plans to”  ""estimated"" and words with a similar meaning. These statements pertain to or may affect matters in the future  such as ForFarmers future financial results  business plans and current strategies. Forward-looking statements are subject to a number of risks and uncertainties  which may mean that there could be material differences between actual results and performance and expected future results or performances that are implicitly or explicitly included in the forward-looking statements. Factors that may result in variations on the current expectations or may contribute to the same include but are not limited to: developments in legislation  technology  jurisprudence and regulations  share price fluctuations  legal procedures  investigations by regulatory bodies  the competitive landscape and general economic conditions. These and other factors  risks and uncertainties that may affect any forward-looking statements or the actual results of ForFarmers  are discussed in the last published annual report. The forward-looking statements in this press release are only statements as of the date of this document and ForFarmers accepts no obligation or responsibility with respect to any changes made to the forward-looking statements contained in this document  regardless of whether these pertain to new information  future events or otherwise  unless ForFarmers is legally obliged to do so.Attachment",neutral,0.03,0.97,0.01,mixed,0.61,0.27,0.12,True,English,"['ForFarmers 2023 results', 'Implementation', 'Local', 'lead', 'fruit', 'robust long-term business model', 'Belgian compound feed activities', 'profitable futureproof farming business', 'organic) livestock farming industry', 'general economic conditions', 'limited market perspective', 'future-proof farming business', 'good commercial opportunities', 'innovative feed concepts', 'share price fluctuations', 'full press release', 'local market approach', 'complete feed solutions', 'ForFarmers N.V.', 'ForFarmers legal obligations', 'future financial results', 'business plans', 'growth market', 'high-quality feed', 'competitive price', 'good return', 'legal procedures', 'Pieter Wolleswinkel', 'second half', 'strong position', 'important step', 'geographical spread', 'essential role', 'sustainable food', 'sustainable solutions', 'challenging times', 'right track', 'additional information', 'External Communication', 'agricultural sector', '8.4 million tonnes', 'leading player', 'production operations', 'head office', 'United Kingdom', 'various countries', 'Euronext Amsterdam', 'Check Imagery', 'liquidity positions', 'similar meaning', 'current strategies', 'material differences', 'actual results', 'current expectations', 'same include', 'regulatory bodies', 'competitive landscape', 'annual report', 'new information', 'FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS', 'Company profile', 'open view', 'other factors', 'ForFarmers 2023 results', 'ForFarmers Group', 'ForFarmers imagery', 'future results', 'future events', 'many farmers', 'attached document', 'Marieke Leussink', 'Lochem', '22 February', 'Implementation', 'fruit', 'CEO', 'year', 'transition', 'improvement', 'strategy', 'promise', 'customers', 'acquisition', 'Piast', 'Poland', 'October', 'conviction', 'affordable', 'example', 'proportion', 'products', 'mission', 'practice', 'challenges', 'progress', 'confidence', 'people', 'Note', 'editor', 'Manager', 'goal', 'way', 'knowledge', 'advice', 'support', 'contribution', 'sales', 'Europe', 'Netherlands', 'Germany', 'exports', '2,400 employees', 'revenue', 'terms', 'capital', 'scenarios', 'limitation', 'phrases', 'account', 'words', 'matters', 'number', 'risks', 'uncertainties', 'performance', 'variations', 'developments', 'legislation', 'technology', 'jurisprudence', 'regulations', 'investigations', 'last', 'date', 'responsibility', 'respect', 'changes', 'Attachment']",2024-02-22,2024-02-23,globenewswire.com
36547,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.etfdailynews.com/2024/02/22/great-ajax-nyseajx-versus-public-storage-nysepsa-head-to-head-comparison/,Great Ajax (NYSE:AJX) versus Public Storage (NYSE:PSA) Head-To-Head Comparison,Public Storage (NYSE:PSA – Get Free Report) and Great Ajax (NYSE:AJX – Get Free Report) are both finance companies  but which is the better business? We will contrast the two businesses based on the strength of their earnings  profitability  analyst recommend…,Public Storage (NYSE:PSA – Get Free Report) and Great Ajax (NYSE:AJX – Get Free Report) are both finance companies  but which is the better business? We will contrast the two businesses based on the strength of their earnings  profitability  analyst recommendations  valuation  risk  dividends and institutional ownership.Analyst RecommendationsThis is a breakdown of recent ratings and recommmendations for Public Storage and Great Ajax  as reported by MarketBeat.com.Get Public Storage alerts:Sell Ratings Hold Ratings Buy Ratings Strong Buy Ratings Rating Score Public Storage 1 4 4 0 2.33 Great Ajax 0 2 1 0 2.33Public Storage currently has a consensus target price of $293.00  indicating a potential upside of 1.52%. Great Ajax has a consensus target price of $9.88  indicating a potential upside of 100.30%. Given Great Ajax’s higher probable upside  analysts clearly believe Great Ajax is more favorable than Public Storage.Volatility & RiskProfitabilityPublic Storage has a beta of 0.55  meaning that its share price is 45% less volatile than the S&P 500. Comparatively  Great Ajax has a beta of 1.97  meaning that its share price is 97% more volatile than the S&P 500.This table compares Public Storage and Great Ajax’s net margins  return on equity and return on assets.Net Margins Return on Equity Return on Assets Public Storage 45.46% 34.76% 11.15% Great Ajax N/A -2.20% -0.45%Institutional & Insider Ownership78.8% of Public Storage shares are held by institutional investors. Comparatively  58.6% of Great Ajax shares are held by institutional investors. 10.9% of Public Storage shares are held by company insiders. Comparatively  3.8% of Great Ajax shares are held by company insiders. Strong institutional ownership is an indication that hedge funds  endowments and large money managers believe a stock will outperform the market over the long term.DividendsPublic Storage pays an annual dividend of $12.00 per share and has a dividend yield of 4.2%. Great Ajax pays an annual dividend of $0.44 per share and has a dividend yield of 8.9%. Public Storage pays out 110.0% of its earnings in the form of a dividend  suggesting it may not have sufficient earnings to cover its dividend payment in the future. Great Ajax pays out -31.2% of its earnings in the form of a dividend. Public Storage has increased its dividend for 1 consecutive years. Great Ajax is clearly the better dividend stock  given its higher yield and lower payout ratio.Valuation and EarningsThis table compares Public Storage and Great Ajax’s gross revenue  earnings per share (EPS) and valuation.Gross Revenue Price/Sales Ratio Net Income Earnings Per Share Price/Earnings Ratio Public Storage $4.18 billion 12.14 $4.35 billion $10.91 26.45 Great Ajax -$12.61 million -10.74 -$15.01 million ($1.41) -3.50Public Storage has higher revenue and earnings than Great Ajax. Great Ajax is trading at a lower price-to-earnings ratio than Public Storage  indicating that it is currently the more affordable of the two stocks.SummaryPublic Storage beats Great Ajax on 12 of the 16 factors compared between the two stocks.About Public Storage(Get Free Report)Public Storage  a member of the S&P 500 and FT Global 500  is a REIT that primarily acquires  develops  owns  and operates self-storage facilities. At September 30  2023  we had: (i) interests in 3 028 self-storage facilities located in 40 states with approximately 217 million net rentable square feet in the United States and (ii) a 35% common equity interest in Shurgard Self Storage Limited (Euronext Brussels: SHUR)  which owned 267 self-storage facilities located in seven Western European nations with approximately 15 million net rentable square feet operated under the Shurgard brand. Our headquarters are located in Glendale  California.About Great Ajax(Get Free Report)Great Ajax Corp. operates as a mortgage real estate investment trust. It acquires re-performing and non-performing loans; acquires or originates small balance commercial mortgage loans that are secured by multi-family residential and commercial mixed use retail/residential properties; and invests in single-family and smaller commercial properties. The company elected to be taxed as a real estate investment trust for U.S. federal income tax purposes. It generally would not be subject to federal corporate income taxes  if it distributes at least 90% of its taxable income to its stockholders. Great Ajax Corp. was incorporated in 2014 and is based in Tigard  Oregon.Receive News & Ratings for Public Storage Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Public Storage and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.,positive,0.97,0.03,0.0,mixed,0.72,0.22,0.06,True,English,"['Great Ajax', 'Public Storage', 'Head Comparison', 'NYSE', 'AJX', 'PSA', 'U.S. federal income tax purposes', '217 million net rentable square feet', '15 million net rentable square feet', 'commercial mixed use retail/residential properties', 'mortgage real estate investment trust', 'small balance commercial mortgage loans', 'Strong Buy Ratings Rating Score', 'federal corporate income taxes', 'seven Western European nations', 'Shurgard Self Storage Limited', 'FREE daily email newsletter', 'smaller commercial properties', 'Net Income Earnings', 'Earnings Ratio Public Storage', 'large money managers', 'Ratings Buy Ratings', 'Get Free Report', 'consensus target price', 'Strong institutional ownership', 'concise daily summary', 'lower payout ratio', '35% common equity interest', 'Public Storage Daily', 'Net Margins Return', 'higher probable upside', 'Public Storage alerts', 'Public Storage shares', 'Great Ajax N/A', 'Great Ajax shares', 'Great Ajax Corp.', 'Gross Revenue Price', 'taxable income', 'non-performing loans', 'S&P 500.', 'Shurgard brand', 'email address', 'lower price', 'Sales Ratio', 'higher revenue', 'recent ratings', 'Sell Ratings', 'potential upside', 'Insider Ownership', 'higher yield', 'finance companies', 'two businesses', 'analyst recommendations', 'MarketBeat.com', 'institutional investors', 'hedge funds', 'long term', '1 consecutive years', 'two stocks', 'FT Global 500', 'self-storage facilities', 'Euronext Brussels', 'multi-family residential', 'related companies', 'share price', 'Equity Return', 'sufficient earnings', 'company insiders', 'annual dividend', 'dividend yield', 'dividend payment', 'NYSE:AJX', 'United States', 'latest news', 'dividend stock', '40 states', 'PSA', 'strength', 'profitability', 'valuation', 'risk', 'dividends', 'breakdown', 'recommmendations', 'analysts', 'Volatility', 'beta', 'assets', 'indication', 'endowments', 'future', 'EPS', '16 factors', 'member', 'REIT', 'September', 'interests', 'headquarters', 'Glendale', 'California', 're-performing', 'single-family', 'stockholders', 'Tigard', 'Oregon', '100.']",2024-02-22,2024-02-23,etfdailynews.com
36548,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2024/02/22/2833300/0/en/BGHL-EUR-NAV-s.html,BGHL (EUR): NAV(s),BOUSSARD & GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITED   Ordinary Shares  The Directors of Boussard & Gavaudan Holding...,"BOUSSARD & GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITEDOrdinary SharesThe Directors of Boussard & Gavaudan Holding Limited would like to announce the following information for the Company.Close of business 21 Feb 2024.Estimated NAVEuro Shares Sterling Shares Estimated NAV € 27.5351 £ 24.5988 Estimated MTD return -0.70 % -0.63 % Estimated YTD return -0.05 % 0.12 % Estimated ITD return 175.35 % 145.99 %NAV and returns are calculated net of management and performance feesMarket informationEuro Shares Amsterdam (AEX) London (LSE) Market Close € 25.40 N/A Premium/discount to estimated NAV -7.75 % N/A Sterling Shares Amsterdam (AEX) London (LSE) Market Close N/A GBX 2 150.00 Premium/discount to estimated NAV N/A -12.60 %Transactions in own securities purchased into treasuryOrdinary Shares Euro Shares Sterling Shares Number of shares N/A N/A Average Price N/A N/A Range of Price N/A N/ALiquidity Enhancement Agreement Euro Shares Sterling Shares Number of shares N/A N/A Average Price N/A N/ABGHL CapitalBGHL Ordinary Shares Euro Shares Sterling Shares Shares Outstanding 12 299 516 123 090 Held in treasury N/A N/A Shares Issued 12 299 516 123 090Estimated BG Fund NAVClass B Euro Shares (estimated) € 246.3301 Class GBP A Shares (estimated) £ 131.8970The Class B Euro Shares of BG Fund are not subject to investment manager fees  as the Investment Manager receives management fees and performance fees in respect of its role as Investment Manager of BGHL.For further information please contact:Boussard & Gavaudan Investment Management  LLP.Emmanuel Gavaudan +44 (0) 20 3751 5389 Email : info@bgam-uk.comThe Company is established as a closed-ended investment company domiciled in Guernsey. The Company has received the necessary approval of the Guernsey Financial Services Commission and the States of Guernsey Policy Council. The Company is registered with the Dutch Authority for the Financial Markets as a collective investment scheme pursuant to article 2:73 in conjunction with 2:66 of the Dutch Financial Supervision Act (Wet op het financieel toezicht). The shares of the Company (the ""Shares"") are listed on Euronext Amsterdam. The Shares are also listed on the Official List of the UK Listing Authority and admitted to trading on the London Stock Exchange plc's main market for listed securities.This is not an offer to sell or a solicitation of any offer to buy any securities in the United States or in any other jurisdiction. This announcement is not intended to and does not constitute  or form part of  any offer or invitation to purchase any securities or the solicitation of any vote or approval in any jurisdiction  nor shall there be any sale  issuance or transfer of the securities referred to in this announcement in any jurisdiction in contravention of applicable law.Neither the Company nor BG Fund ICAV has been  and neither will be  registered under the US Investment Company Act of 1940  as amended (the ""Investment Company Act""). In addition the securities referenced in this announcement have not been and will not be registered under the US Securities Act of 1933  as amended (the ""Securities Act""). Consequently any such securities may not be offered  sold or otherwise transferred within the United States or to  or for the account or benefit of  US persons except in accordance with the Securities Act or an exemption therefrom and under circumstances which will not require the issuer of such securities to register under the Investment Company Act. No public offering of any securities will be made in the United States.You should always bear in mind that:all investment is subject to risk;results in the past are no guarantee of future results;the investment performance of BGHL may go down as well as up. You may not get back all of your original investment; andif you are in any doubt about the contents of this communication or if you consider making an investment decision  you are advised to seek expert financial advice.This communication is for information purposes only and the information contained in this communication should not be relied upon as a substitute for financial or other professional advice.Attachment",neutral,0.0,0.99,0.0,negative,0.01,0.27,0.72,True,English,"['BGHL', 'EUR', 'NAV', 'GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITED Ordinary Shares', 'The Class B Euro Shares', 'BGHL Ordinary Shares Euro Shares', 'A Liquidity Enhancement Agreement', 'Class GBP A Shares', 'Euro Shares Sterling Shares', 'A N/A Average Price', 'London Stock Exchange plc', 'Guernsey Financial Services Commission', 'N/A Sterling Shares Amsterdam', 'treasury N/A N/A Shares', 'Dutch Financial Supervision Act', 'US Investment Company Act', 'Euro Shares Amsterdam', 'Sterling Shares Shares', 'A N/A Range', 'expert financial advice', 'Guernsey Policy Council', 'collective investment scheme', 'other professional advice', 'BG Fund ICAV', 'Gavaudan Investment Management', 'closed-ended investment company', 'UK Listing Authority', 'US Securities Act', 'investment manager fees', 'BG Fund NAV', 'The Shares', 'N/A GBX', 'A Premium/discount', 'Dutch Authority', 'Emmanuel Gavaudan', 'Euronext Amsterdam', 'US persons', 'Financial Markets', 'The Directors', 'The Company', 'investment performance', 'original investment', 'investment decision', 'performance fees', 'BGHL Capital', 'management fees', 'MTD return', 'YTD return', 'ITD return', 'financieel toezicht', 'Official List', 'applicable law', 'public offering', 'other jurisdiction', 'main market', 'United States', 'following information', 'information purposes', 'Estimated NAV', 'necessary approval', 'future results', 'listed securities', 'Market information', 'LSE) Market', 'BOUSSARD', 'business', 'returns', 'AEX', 'Transactions', 'Number', 'Outstanding', 'respect', 'role', 'LLP.', 'Email', 'bgam', 'article', 'conjunction', 'solicitation', 'announcement', 'part', 'invitation', 'vote', 'sale', 'issuance', 'transfer', 'contravention', 'addition', 'account', 'benefit', 'accordance', 'exemption', 'circumstances', 'issuer', 'mind', 'risk', 'past', 'guarantee', 'doubt', 'contents', 'communication', 'substitute', 'Attachment']",2024-02-22,2024-02-23,globenewswire.com
36549,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2024/02/22/2833994/0/en/Press-Release-Sanofi-s-Board-of-Directors-proposes-the-appointment-of-Clotilde-Delbos-Anne-Fran%C3%A7oise-Nesmes-and-John-Sundy-as-independent-Directors.html,Press Release: Sanofi’s Board of Directors proposes the appointment of Clotilde Delbos  Anne-Françoise Nesmes and John Sundy as independent Directors,Sanofi’s Board of Directors proposes the appointment of Clotilde Delbos  Anne-Françoise Nesmes and John Sundy as independent Directors    Paris ...,Sanofi’s Board of Directors proposes the appointment of Clotilde Delbos  Anne-Françoise Nesmes and John Sundy as independent DirectorsParis  February 22  2024. At its meeting on February 22  2024  Sanofi’s Board of Directors has decided to propose  on the occasion of its next General Shareholder Meeting to be held on April 30  2024  the renewal of the terms of office of Rachel Duan and Lise Kingo and the appointment of Clotilde Delbos  Anne-Françoise Nesmes and John Sundy as independent Directors.Diane Souza  Member of the Audit and Compensation Committees  and Thomas Südhof  Chairman of the Scientific Committee  will leave the Board of Directors at the end of their second terms. The Chairman warmly thanked them for their valued contribution to the Board of Directors and the specialized committees to which they belonged during their terms in office.The Chairman specified that  in order to prepare as effectively as possible for the end  in 2025  of the term of office as director of Fabienne Lecorvaisier  Chairman of the Audit Committee  the Board of Directors will temporarily comprise 17 members as from the General Shareholder Meeting of April 30  2024.Clotilde Delbos is currently director of Axa and Alstom. She held various positions in internal audit  merger and acquisitions and treasury  in California  Brussels and France  notably at Price Waterhouse and the Pechiney group  before becoming Division Chief Financial Officer. In 2012  she joined the Renault Group. In 2016  Clotilde Delbos was appointed Group Chief Financial Officer and Chairman of Board of Directors of RCI Banque. She was then appointed Interim Chief Executive Officer of Renault SA  Deputy Chief Executive Officer of the group and Chief Executive Officer of Mobilize. Clotilde Delbos was awarded the Légion d’Honneur in 2021.Clotilde Delbos graduated from EM Lyon with a specialization in accounting.Anne-Françoise Nesmes is currently Chief Financial Officer of Smith + Nephew PLC  a role from which she will step down at the end of the first quarter of 2024. She joined the Board of Compass Group PLC as a non-executive director in 2018 and currently serves as Senior Independent Director  Chair of the Audit Committee and a member of the Corporate Responsibility  Nomination and Remuneration Committees. She held a number of finance positions in international companies before joining GlaxoSmithKline PLC in 1997  where she worked for 16 years  including as Senior Vice President of Finance for global vaccines. She then became Chief Financial Officer of Dechra Pharmaceuticals PLC and Merlin Entertainments PLC (2013-2020).Anne-Françoise Nesmes holds a Master’s degree from Grenoble Business School and a Master’s degree in Business Administration from Henley Management College. She is also a Chartered Management Accountant.John Sundy is currently Chief Medical Officer and Head of Research and Development at Seicmic Therapeutic  a machine learning immunology company and is Adjunct Professor of Medicine in the Division of Rheumatology and Immunology at Duke University School of Medicine. He was a tenured faculy member at Duke University before moving to the biotech industry in 2014. Between 2014 and 2021  he held several management positions including Senior Vice President at Gilead Sciences  and Chief Medical Officer at Pandion Therapeutics.He is also a director of Neutrolis  Inc  and the Childhood Arthritis and Rheumatology Research Alliance  and serves on the Steering Committee of the NIH Immune Tolerance Network.John Sundy obtained a B.S. in biology from Bucknell University and an M.D./Ph.D from Hahnemann University with a specialization in immunology  and completed clinical training in rheumatology and allergy/immunology at Duke.Frédéric OudéaChairman of the Board of Directors“The arrivals of Clotilde Delbos  Anne-Françoise Nesmes and John Sundy will strengthen the Board of Directors’ expertise in finance and science  notably in the field of immunology. I would like to pay tribute to the remarkable contribution of Diane Souza and Thomas Südhof to the work of the Board  and I am delighted that the Board continues to diversify its profiles and competencies  in line with the Group’s strategic developments.”The composition of the Board’s specialized committees will be reviewed following the Annual General Meeting of Shareholders scheduled for April 30  2024.About SanofiWe are an innovative global healthcare company  driven by one purpose: we chase the miracles of science to improve people’s lives. Our team  across some 100 countries  is dedicated to transforming the practice of medicine by working to turn the impossible into the possible. We provide potentially life-changing treatment options and life-saving vaccine protection to millions of people globally  while putting sustainability and social responsibility at the center of our ambitions.Sanofi is listed on EURONEXT: SAN and NASDAQ: SNYMedia RelationsSandrine Guendoul | + 33 6 25 09 14 25 | sandrine.guendoul@sanofi.comNicolas Obrist | + 33 6 77 21 27 55 | nicolas.obrist@sanofi.comVictor Rouault | + 33 6 70 93 71 40 | victor.rouault@sanofi.comInvestor RelationsEva Schaefer-Jansen | + 33 7 86 80 56 39 | eva.schaefer-jansen@sanofi.comArnaud Delépine | + 33 6 73 69 36 93 | arnaud.delepine@sanofi.comCorentine Driancourt | + 33 6 40 56 92 21 | corentine.driancourt@sanofi.comFelix Lauscher | + 1 908 612 7239 | felix.lauscher@sanofi.comTarik Elgoutni| + 1 617 710 3587 | tarik.elgoutni@sanofi.comNathalie Pham | + 33 7 85 93 30 17 | nathalie.pham@sanofi.comAttachment,neutral,0.05,0.94,0.01,positive,0.92,0.07,0.01,True,English,"['Anne-Françoise Nesmes', 'Press Release', 'Clotilde Delbos', 'John Sundy', 'independent Directors', 'Sanofi', 'Board', 'appointment', 'Frédéric Oudéa', 'M.D./Ph.D', 'NIH Immune Tolerance Network', 'Smith + Nephew PLC', 'innovative global healthcare company', 'machine learning immunology company', 'Interim Chief Executive Officer', 'Deputy Chief Executive Officer', 'next General Shareholder Meeting', 'Division Chief Financial Officer', 'Group Chief Financial Officer', 'Chief Medical Officer', 'Annual General Meeting', 'Anne-Françoise Nesmes', 'Senior Vice President', 'Dechra Pharmaceuticals PLC', 'Merlin Entertainments PLC', 'Henley Management College', 'Chartered Management Accountant', 'life-changing treatment options', 'life-saving vaccine protection', 'SNY Media Relations', 'Thomas Südhof', 'Grenoble Business School', 'several management positions', 'Compass Group PLC', 'tenured faculy member', 'Duke University School', 'specialization in immunology', 'Senior Independent Director', 'Rheumatology Research Alliance', 'GlaxoSmithKline PLC', 'global vaccines', 'executive director', 'B.S.', 'Business Administration', 'various positions', 'Bucknell University', 'Hahnemann University', 'Pechiney group', 'Renault Group', 'Clotilde Delbos', 'John Sundy', 'Rachel Duan', 'Lise Kingo', 'Diane Souza', 'Compensation Committees', 'Scientific Committee', 'valued contribution', 'specialized committees', 'Fabienne Lecorvaisier', 'Price Waterhouse', 'RCI Banque', 'Renault SA', 'Légion', 'EM Lyon', 'first quarter', 'Corporate Responsibility', 'Remuneration Committees', 'international companies', 'Seicmic Therapeutic', 'Adjunct Professor', 'biotech industry', 'Gilead Sciences', 'Pandion Therapeutics', 'Childhood Arthritis', 'Steering Committee', 'clinical training', 'remarkable contribution', 'strategic developments', 'one purpose', 'social responsibility', 'Audit Committee', 'internal audit', 'finance positions', 'independent Directors', 'second terms', 'Directors’ expertise', 'Sandrine Guendoul', 'Nicolas Obrist', 'Sanofi', 'Board', 'appointment', 'Paris', 'February', 'occasion', 'April', 'renewal', 'Chairman', 'order', '17 members', 'Axa', 'Alstom', 'merger', 'acquisitions', 'treasury', 'California', 'Brussels', 'France', 'Mobilize', 'Honneur', 'accounting', 'role', 'Nomination', 'number', '16 years', 'Master', 'degree', 'Head', 'Medicine', 'Neutrolis', 'Inc', 'biology', 'allergy/immunology', 'arrivals', 'field', 'tribute', 'profiles', 'competencies', 'composition', 'Shareholders', 'miracles', 'people', 'lives', 'team', '100 countries', 'practice', 'millions', 'sustainability', 'center', 'ambitions', 'EURONEXT', 'NASDAQ']",2024-02-22,2024-02-23,globenewswire.com
36550,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2024/02/22/2834057/0/en/Frontier-Medicines-Announces-Oversubscribed-80-Million-Series-C-Financing-to-Support-Progress-of-Clinical-Stage-Pipeline.html,Frontier Medicines Announces Oversubscribed $80 Million Series C Financing to Support Progress of Clinical-Stage Pipeline,Frontier Medicines Series C close and first patient dosed ......,- First participant dosed in Phase 1/2 PROSPER trial of FMC-376 in KRASG12C Cancers- FMC-376 is a first-in-class direct dual inhibitor of ON+OFF KRASG12C- FMC-376 has the potential to transform patient outcomes with its ability to overcome both innate and acquired resistance mechanisms and brain metastasesBOSTON and SOUTH SAN FRANCISCO  Calif.  Feb. 22  2024 (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) -- Frontier Medicines Corporation  a precision medicine company seeking to unlock the proteome to advance transformational therapies against otherwise undruggable disease-causing targets  today announced the close of an oversubscribed $80 million Series C financing. The financing was co-led by Deerfield Management Company and Droia Ventures  with significant participation from Galapagos NV (Euronext & NASDAQ: GLPG) as a strategic investor  and contributions from new and existing investors including DCVC Bio  MPM Capital  and RA Capital Management. This Series C financing brings the total capital raised since Frontier’s founding to $235.5 million.“At Galapagos  we are focused on breakthrough science and innovation to address high unmet medical needs ” said Dr. Paul Stoffels1  CEO and Chairman of the Board of Directors of Galapagos. “Frontier Medicines is a leading chemoproteomics company with a unique technology platform and a pipeline of potential best-in-class assets that fit with Galapagos’ precision oncology R&D approach. The participation in Frontier Medicines' Series C round aligns with our innovation acceleration strategy to bring transformational medicines to patients around the world.”Financing proceeds will support the advancement of multiple wholly-owned pipeline programs into clinical studies  including FMC-376. Frontier today announced the first participant dosed in the Phase 1/2 PROSPER clinical trial (NCT 06244771) evaluating FMC-376 in patients with KRASG12C cancers.“Today we mark the first participant dosed with a therapeutic candidate born from the Frontier™ Platform  alongside a financing that affirms continued strong investor support. Frontier Medicines has amassed a robust data set that shows FMC-376 is expected to overcome the resistance seen with prior generation single-acting inhibitors  and we are excited to demonstrate this potential in the clinical setting ” said Chris Varma  Ph.D.  chairman  CEO  and co-founder of Frontier Medicines. “This represents a major milestone for the Frontier team in our mission to deliver transformational medicines for patients in need. We look forward to further progress on our pipeline of wholly-owned precision medicine programs later this year.”FMC-376 was discovered by applying the Frontier™ Platform to directly engage both ON+OFF KRASG12C with exquisite selectivity. Preclinical data featured at the AACR Annual Meeting 2023 demonstrate FMC-376 is >1 000-fold more effective at blocking key effector protein interactions versus prior generation single-acting inhibitors  leading to rapid and durable suppression of KRASG12C signaling. FMC-376 is an orally bioavailable small molecule that has shown efficacy in vivo across a broad array of KRASG12C mutant non-small cell lung (NSCLC)  pancreatic and colorectal cancer models  as well as models of NSCLC brain metastases  which is anticipated to drive enhanced efficacy and prolonged durability. The differentiated dual direct mechanism of action of FMC-376 offers the potential to overcome the lack of response and resistance seen with current KRASG12C single-acting treatments.The Phase 1/2 PROSPER clinical trial is an open-label  multi-center dose escalation and expansion study designed to evaluate the safety  tolerability  pharmacokinetics and efficacy of FMC-376 in participants with locally advanced unresectable or metastatic solid tumors which harbor the KRASG12C mutation. For more information on the PROSPER trial  please visit clinicaltrials.gov._______________1 Throughout this press release  ‘Dr. Paul Stoffels’ should be read as ‘Dr. Paul Stoffels  acting via Stoffels IMC BV’About Frontier MedicinesFrontier Medicines is a clinical stage precision medicine company pioneering groundbreaking medicines to transform treatment for genetically-defined patient populations  starting with oncology and immunology. Our proprietary chemoproteomics powered drug discovery engine  the Frontier™ Platform  leverages covalent chemistry and machine learning to unlock hard-to-treat disease causing proteins for drug development. Today  we are advancing a diversified pipeline of wholly-owned precision medicines against the most important drivers of cancer and high-value immunology programs. Our lead candidate  FMC-376  is a dual inhibitor of on+off KRASG12C. FMC-376 is a potential best-in-class therapy designed to completely block both forms of the KRAS mutation to overcome the lack of response and resistance seen with single-acting KRASG12C inhibitors. For more information  please visit www.frontiermeds.com. Follow Frontier on LinkedIn.Frontier Medicines Contact:Victoria FortVP  Corporate Affairs202.361.0445Victoria.Fort@frontiermeds.com,neutral,0.07,0.93,0.01,positive,0.72,0.27,0.02,True,English,"['$80 Million Series C Financing', 'Frontier Medicines', 'Clinical-Stage Pipeline', 'Progress', 'proprietary chemoproteomics powered drug discovery engine', 'Galapagos’ precision oncology R&D approach', 'KRASG12C mutant non-small cell lung', 'Phase 1/2 PROSPER clinical trial', 'clinical stage precision medicine company', 'Phase 1/2 PROSPER trial', 'high unmet medical needs', 'key effector protein interactions', 'open-label, multi-center dose escalation', 'prior generation single-acting inhibitors', 'differentiated dual direct mechanism', 'current KRASG12C single-acting treatments', '$80 million Series C financing', 'multiple wholly-owned pipeline programs', ""Frontier Medicines' Series C"", 'leading chemoproteomics company', 'precision medicine programs', 'single-acting KRASG12C inhibitors', 'Deerfield Management Company', 'direct dual inhibitor', 'SOUTH SAN FRANCISCO', 'undruggable disease-causing targets', 'Dr. Paul Stoffels', 'AACR Annual Meeting', 'bioavailable small molecule', 'metastatic solid tumors', 'Stoffels IMC BV', 'strong investor support', 'robust data set', 'RA Capital Management', 'high-value immunology programs', 'unique technology platform', 'innovation acceleration strategy', 'acquired resistance mechanisms', 'Frontier Medicines Corporation', 'Frontier Medicines Contact', 'colorectal cancer models', 'NSCLC brain metastases', 'precision medicines', 'Ph.D.', 'drug development', 'clinical studies', 'clinical setting', 'KRASG12C Cancers', 'ON+OFF KRASG12C', 'KRASG12C signaling', 'KRASG12C mutation', 'Galapagos NV', 'strategic investor', 'Preclinical data', 'MPM Capital', 'total capital', 'transformational medicines', 'groundbreaking medicines', 'Frontier™ Platform', 'Financing proceeds', 'Frontier team', 'First participant', 'patient outcomes', 'GLOBE NEWSWIRE', 'transformational therapies', 'Droia Ventures', 'existing investors', 'DCVC Bio', 'breakthrough science', 'therapeutic candidate', 'Chris Varma', 'major milestone', 'exquisite selectivity', 'durable suppression', 'broad array', 'expansion study', 'advanced unresectable', 'press release', 'covalent chemistry', 'machine learning', 'diversified pipeline', 'important drivers', 'lead candidate', 'KRAS mutation', 'Corporate Affairs', 'class assets', 'class therapy', 'significant participation', 'enhanced efficacy', 'Victoria Fort', 'FMC-376', 'potential', 'ability', 'innate', 'BOSTON', 'Calif.', 'Feb.', 'proteome', 'close', 'Euronext', 'NASDAQ', 'GLPG', 'contributions', 'founding', 'CEO', 'Chairman', 'Board', 'Directors', 'patients', 'world', 'advancement', 'NCT', 'founder', 'mission', 'progress', 'rapid', 'vivo', 'pancreatic', 'prolonged', 'lack', 'response', 'pharmacokinetics', 'participants', 'information', 'clinicaltrials', 'gov', 'proteins', 'forms', 'frontiermeds', 'LinkedIn', 'VP']",2024-02-22,2024-02-23,globenewswire.com
36551,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/BOUSSARD-GAVAUDAN-HOLDING-36044/news/BGHL-EUR-NAV-s-46004120/,BGHL (EUR): NAV(s) -February 22  2024 at 01:31 am EST,(marketscreener.com)                                       BOUSSARD & GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITED Ordinary Shares The Directors of Boussard & Gavaudan Holding Limited would like...https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/BOUSSARD-GAVAUDAN-HOLDING-36044/news/BG…,"BOUSSARD & GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITEDOrdinary SharesThe Directors of Boussard & Gavaudan Holding Limited would like to announce the following information for the Company.Close of business 21 Feb 2024.Estimated NAVEuro Shares Sterling Shares Estimated NAV € 27.5351 £ 24.5988 Estimated MTD return -0.70 % -0.63 % Estimated YTD return -0.05 % 0.12 % Estimated ITD return 175.35 % 145.99 %NAV and returns are calculated net of management and performance feesMarket informationEuro Shares Amsterdam (AEX) London (LSE) Market Close € 25.40 N/A Premium/discount to estimated NAV -7.75 % N/A Sterling Shares Amsterdam (AEX) London (LSE) Market Close N/A GBX 2 150.00 Premium/discount to estimated NAV N/A -12.60 %Transactions in own securities purchased into treasuryOrdinary Shares Euro Shares Sterling Shares Number of shares N/A N/A Average Price N/A N/A Range of Price N/A N/ALiquidity Enhancement Agreement Euro Shares Sterling Shares Number of shares N/A N/A Average Price N/A N/ABGHL CapitalBGHL Ordinary Shares Euro Shares Sterling Shares Shares Outstanding 12 299 516 123 090 Held in treasury N/A N/A Shares Issued 12 299 516 123 090Estimated BG Fund NAVClass B Euro Shares (estimated) € 246.3301 Class GBP A Shares (estimated) £ 131.8970The Class B Euro Shares of BG Fund are not subject to investment manager fees  as the Investment Manager receives management fees and performance fees in respect of its role as Investment Manager of BGHL.For further information please contact:Boussard & Gavaudan Investment Management  LLP.Emmanuel Gavaudan +44 (0) 20 3751 5389 Email : info@bgam-uk.comThe Company is established as a closed-ended investment company domiciled in Guernsey. The Company has received the necessary approval of the Guernsey Financial Services Commission and the States of Guernsey Policy Council. The Company is registered with the Dutch Authority for the Financial Markets as a collective investment scheme pursuant to article 2:73 in conjunction with 2:66 of the Dutch Financial Supervision Act (Wet op het financieel toezicht). The shares of the Company (the ""Shares"") are listed on Euronext Amsterdam. The Shares are also listed on the Official List of the UK Listing Authority and admitted to trading on the London Stock Exchange plc's main market for listed securities.This is not an offer to sell or a solicitation of any offer to buy any securities in the United States or in any other jurisdiction. This announcement is not intended to and does not constitute  or form part of  any offer or invitation to purchase any securities or the solicitation of any vote or approval in any jurisdiction  nor shall there be any sale  issuance or transfer of the securities referred to in this announcement in any jurisdiction in contravention of applicable law.Neither the Company nor BG Fund ICAV has been  and neither will be  registered under the US Investment Company Act of 1940  as amended (the ""Investment Company Act""). In addition the securities referenced in this announcement have not been and will not be registered under the US Securities Act of 1933  as amended (the ""Securities Act""). Consequently any such securities may not be offered  sold or otherwise transferred within the United States or to  or for the account or benefit of  US persons except in accordance with the Securities Act or an exemption therefrom and under circumstances which will not require the issuer of such securities to register under the Investment Company Act. No public offering of any securities will be made in the United States.You should always bear in mind that:all investment is subject to risk;results in the past are no guarantee of future results;the investment performance of BGHL may go down as well as up. You may not get back all of your original investment; andif you are in any doubt about the contents of this communication or if you consider making an investment decision  you are advised to seek expert financial advice.This communication is for information purposes only and the information contained in this communication should not be relied upon as a substitute for financial or other professional advice.Attachment",neutral,0.01,0.99,0.01,negative,0.01,0.27,0.72,True,English,"['BGHL', 'EUR', 'February', '01', 'GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITED Ordinary Shares', 'The Class B Euro Shares', 'BGHL Ordinary Shares Euro Shares', 'A Liquidity Enhancement Agreement', 'Class GBP A Shares', 'Euro Shares Sterling Shares', 'A N/A Average Price', 'London Stock Exchange plc', 'Guernsey Financial Services Commission', 'N/A Sterling Shares Amsterdam', 'treasury N/A N/A Shares', 'Dutch Financial Supervision Act', 'US Investment Company Act', 'Euro Shares Amsterdam', 'Sterling Shares Shares', 'A N/A Range', 'expert financial advice', 'Guernsey Policy Council', 'collective investment scheme', 'other professional advice', 'BG Fund ICAV', 'Gavaudan Investment Management', 'closed-ended investment company', 'UK Listing Authority', 'US Securities Act', 'investment manager fees', 'BG Fund NAV', 'The Shares', 'N/A GBX', 'A Premium/discount', 'Dutch Authority', 'Emmanuel Gavaudan', 'Euronext Amsterdam', 'US persons', 'Financial Markets', 'The Directors', 'The Company', 'investment performance', 'original investment', 'investment decision', 'performance fees', 'BGHL Capital', 'management fees', 'MTD return', 'YTD return', 'ITD return', 'financieel toezicht', 'Official List', 'applicable law', 'public offering', 'other jurisdiction', 'main market', 'United States', 'following information', 'information purposes', 'Estimated NAV', 'necessary approval', 'future results', 'listed securities', 'Market information', 'LSE) Market', 'BOUSSARD', 'business', 'returns', 'AEX', 'Transactions', 'Number', 'Outstanding', 'respect', 'role', 'LLP.', 'Email', 'bgam', 'article', 'conjunction', 'solicitation', 'announcement', 'part', 'invitation', 'vote', 'sale', 'issuance', 'transfer', 'contravention', 'addition', 'account', 'benefit', 'accordance', 'exemption', 'circumstances', 'issuer', 'mind', 'risk', 'past', 'guarantee', 'doubt', 'contents', 'communication', 'substitute', 'Attachment']",2024-02-22,2024-02-23,marketscreener.com
36552,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/BOUSSARD-GAVAUDAN-HOLDING-3840782/news/BGHL-GBP-NAV-s-46004151/,BGHL (GBP): NAV(s) -February 22  2024 at 01:32 am EST,(marketscreener.com)                                       BOUSSARD & GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITED Ordinary Shares The Directors of Boussard & Gavaudan Holding Limited would like...https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/BOUSSARD-GAVAUDAN-HOLDING-3840782/news/…,"BOUSSARD & GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITEDOrdinary SharesThe Directors of Boussard & Gavaudan Holding Limited would like to announce the following information for the Company.Close of business 21 Feb 2024.Estimated NAVEuro Shares Sterling Shares Estimated NAV € 27.5351 £ 24.5988 Estimated MTD return -0.70 % -0.63 % Estimated YTD return -0.05 % 0.12 % Estimated ITD return 175.35 % 145.99 %NAV and returns are calculated net of management and performance feesMarket informationEuro Shares Amsterdam (AEX) London (LSE) Market Close € 25.40 N/A Premium/discount to estimated NAV -7.75 % N/A Sterling Shares Amsterdam (AEX) London (LSE) Market Close N/A GBX 2 150.00 Premium/discount to estimated NAV N/A -12.60 %Transactions in own securities purchased into treasuryOrdinary Shares Euro Shares Sterling Shares Number of shares N/A N/A Average Price N/A N/A Range of Price N/A N/ALiquidity Enhancement Agreement Euro Shares Sterling Shares Number of shares N/A N/A Average Price N/A N/ABGHL CapitalBGHL Ordinary Shares Euro Shares Sterling Shares Shares Outstanding 12 299 516 123 090 Held in treasury N/A N/A Shares Issued 12 299 516 123 090Estimated BG Fund NAVClass B Euro Shares (estimated) € 246.3301 Class GBP A Shares (estimated) £ 131.8970The Class B Euro Shares of BG Fund are not subject to investment manager fees  as the Investment Manager receives management fees and performance fees in respect of its role as Investment Manager of BGHL.For further information please contact:Boussard & Gavaudan Investment Management  LLP.Emmanuel Gavaudan +44 (0) 20 3751 5389 Email : info@bgam-uk.comThe Company is established as a closed-ended investment company domiciled in Guernsey. The Company has received the necessary approval of the Guernsey Financial Services Commission and the States of Guernsey Policy Council. The Company is registered with the Dutch Authority for the Financial Markets as a collective investment scheme pursuant to article 2:73 in conjunction with 2:66 of the Dutch Financial Supervision Act (Wet op het financieel toezicht). The shares of the Company (the ""Shares"") are listed on Euronext Amsterdam. The Shares are also listed on the Official List of the UK Listing Authority and admitted to trading on the London Stock Exchange plc's main market for listed securities.This is not an offer to sell or a solicitation of any offer to buy any securities in the United States or in any other jurisdiction. This announcement is not intended to and does not constitute  or form part of  any offer or invitation to purchase any securities or the solicitation of any vote or approval in any jurisdiction  nor shall there be any sale  issuance or transfer of the securities referred to in this announcement in any jurisdiction in contravention of applicable law.Neither the Company nor BG Fund ICAV has been  and neither will be  registered under the US Investment Company Act of 1940  as amended (the ""Investment Company Act""). In addition the securities referenced in this announcement have not been and will not be registered under the US Securities Act of 1933  as amended (the ""Securities Act""). Consequently any such securities may not be offered  sold or otherwise transferred within the United States or to  or for the account or benefit of  US persons except in accordance with the Securities Act or an exemption therefrom and under circumstances which will not require the issuer of such securities to register under the Investment Company Act. No public offering of any securities will be made in the United States.You should always bear in mind that:all investment is subject to risk;results in the past are no guarantee of future results;the investment performance of BGHL may go down as well as up. You may not get back all of your original investment; andif you are in any doubt about the contents of this communication or if you consider making an investment decision  you are advised to seek expert financial advice.This communication is for information purposes only and the information contained in this communication should not be relied upon as a substitute for financial or other professional advice.Attachment",neutral,0.01,0.99,0.01,negative,0.01,0.27,0.72,True,English,"['BGHL', 'GBP', 'NAV', 'February', '01', 'GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITED Ordinary Shares', 'The Class B Euro Shares', 'BGHL Ordinary Shares Euro Shares', 'A Liquidity Enhancement Agreement', 'Class GBP A Shares', 'Euro Shares Sterling Shares', 'A N/A Average Price', 'London Stock Exchange plc', 'Guernsey Financial Services Commission', 'N/A Sterling Shares Amsterdam', 'treasury N/A N/A Shares', 'Dutch Financial Supervision Act', 'US Investment Company Act', 'Euro Shares Amsterdam', 'Sterling Shares Shares', 'A N/A Range', 'expert financial advice', 'Guernsey Policy Council', 'collective investment scheme', 'other professional advice', 'BG Fund ICAV', 'Gavaudan Investment Management', 'closed-ended investment company', 'UK Listing Authority', 'US Securities Act', 'investment manager fees', 'BG Fund NAV', 'The Shares', 'N/A GBX', 'A Premium/discount', 'Dutch Authority', 'Emmanuel Gavaudan', 'Euronext Amsterdam', 'US persons', 'Financial Markets', 'The Directors', 'The Company', 'investment performance', 'original investment', 'investment decision', 'performance fees', 'BGHL Capital', 'management fees', 'MTD return', 'YTD return', 'ITD return', 'financieel toezicht', 'Official List', 'applicable law', 'public offering', 'other jurisdiction', 'main market', 'United States', 'following information', 'information purposes', 'Estimated NAV', 'necessary approval', 'future results', 'listed securities', 'Market information', 'LSE) Market', 'BOUSSARD', 'business', 'returns', 'AEX', 'Transactions', 'Number', 'Outstanding', 'respect', 'role', 'LLP.', 'Email', 'bgam', 'article', 'conjunction', 'solicitation', 'announcement', 'part', 'invitation', 'vote', 'sale', 'issuance', 'transfer', 'contravention', 'addition', 'account', 'benefit', 'accordance', 'exemption', 'circumstances', 'issuer', 'mind', 'risk', 'past', 'guarantee', 'doubt', 'contents', 'communication', 'substitute', 'Attachment']",2024-02-22,2024-02-23,marketscreener.com
36553,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/BOA-CONCEPT-123639985/news/BOA-Concept-and-EASY-Systems-Benelux-announce-their-alliance-46011081/,BOA Concept and EASY Systems Benelux announce their alliance,(marketscreener.com) BOA CONCEPTBOA Concept and EASY Systems Benelux announce their alliance 22-Feb-2024 / 18:15 CET/CESTDissemination of a French Regulatory News  transmitted by EQS Group.The issuer is solely responsible for the content of this…,BOA Concept and EASY Systems Beneluxannounce their alliance BOA Concept  French specialist in the design  manufacture and marketing of innovative robotic and software solutions for intralogistics (FR0011365907 – ALBOA) and EASY Systems Benelux  Belgian specialist in handling systems for intralogistics and production  announce the signing of an agreement for BOA Concept to acquire a 70% stake in EASY Systems. The final completion of this acquisition  which will be paid for entirely in cash  is expected by the end of the first quarter of 2024. BOA Concept designs and manufactures innovative solutions for intralogistics and industry. It develops systems equipped with local intelligence  easy to use and agile. Its solutions make warehouse automation and robotisation more widely accessible. Based in Saint-Etienne  France  with 90 employees  it is a comprehensive intralogistics solutions integrator. EASY Systems  a family-owned company based in Belgium and the Netherlands (45 employees  including a team of experienced engineers and technicians)  has been producing handling systems for the intralogistics and production industries in around 30 countries (Germany  United States  China  Brazil  United Arab Emirates) for 15 years. In 2022  it generated a revenue of €13 million with a large customer base. Shared DNA and a host of synergies Jean-Lucien Rascle  Chairman of BOA Concept  said: “This acquisition will enable the BOA Concept Group to accelerate its growth in its target markets in line with its roadmap  while broadening its value proposition by integrating the new technology solutions provided by EASY Systems.” “We are delighted to be joining the BOA Concept Group. We share common values that we firmly believe will be a source of major synergies between our two companies and a guarantee of great success going forward ” saidWim Vandewijer  CEO and David Taverniers  CSO of EASY Systems. The partnership bodes well for the future. The Group speeds up its international expansion! Since its IPO in 2021  BOA Concept has made no secret of its international ambitions and is looking for the best partners. While the BOA Concept Group already deployed numerous projects outside France (Morocco  Italy  Switzerland  Germany  Belgium  Poland)  it now has special access to the dynamic Benelux market. About BOA Concept BOA Concept  founded in 2012  is an innovative intralogistics specialist listed on the Euronext Growth market in Paris. BOA Concept systems operate on the principle of intelligent objects (IoT) thanks to embedded intelligence  and have won over some of the biggest names in logistics and e-commerce in Europe and North Africa. Thanks to the ease of reuse of its Made in France solutions  the company is fully committed to a CSR policy (#reUse). By favouring modular design  BOA Concept facilitates access to automation  offering automated and robotic intralogistics systems that are easy to implement and upgrade. With a team of 90 people  40% of whom work in the design office and R&D  its key values are flexibility  responsiveness and innovation. For more information: www.boa-concept.com About EASY Systems Benelux Founded in 2007  EASY Systems is a Belgian company that generated revenue of €13 million in 2022. Operating in over 30 countries worldwide  the company designs and installs handling systems for intralogistics and production. Made up of a team of 45 people  it attaches great importance to customer satisfaction  which has earned it the trust of world-class customers. For more information: https://easy-systems.eu/en/ Contacts BOA CONCEPT 22 rue de Méons I 42000 Saint-Etienne (France) I Tel.: +33(0)4 77 50 21 24 contact@boaconcept.com X: @BoaConcept I LinkedIn: BOA CONCEPT BOA CONCEPT SA  a public limited company with a Board of Director Administration  with capital of 972 775 euros I Saint-Etienne Trade and Companies Register 752 025 908 Nawel BEKKAYE I BOA CONCEPT I + 33 (0)6 43 87 08 75 I nawel.bekkaye@boaconcept.com EASY SYSTEMS BENELUX Klaus-Michael Kuehnelaan 3 I 2440 Geel (Belgium)I T +32 14 72 93 84 info@easy-systems.eu LinkedIn: EASY SYSTEMS EASY SYSTEMS BENELUX BV – Limited Liability Company  with capital of 590 000 euros I Registered number BE 0891.334.879 David TAVERNIERS I +32 (0) 473 92 37 93 I david.taverniers@easy-systems.eu AELIUM FINANCE & COMMUNICATION Valentine BOIVIN I Jérôme GACOIN I+33(0)1 75 77 54 65 I boaconcept@aelium.fr,neutral,0.09,0.9,0.01,positive,0.77,0.22,0.01,True,English,"['EASY Systems Benelux', 'BOA Concept', 'alliance', 'EASY SYSTEMS EASY SYSTEMS BENELUX BV', 'EASY SYSTEMS BENELUX Klaus-Michael Kuehnelaan', '22 rue de Méons', 'Jérôme GACOIN', 'comprehensive intralogistics solutions integrator', 'dynamic Benelux market', 'BOA Concept BOA Concept', 'Valentine BOIVIN I', 'United Arab Emirates', 'large customer base', 'new technology solutions', 'Euronext Growth market', 'public limited company', 'Limited Liability Company', 'BOA CONCEPT SA', 'BOA Concept Group', 'BOA Concept systems', 'robotic intralogistics systems', 'innovative intralogistics specialist', 'R&D', 'innovative robotic', 'The Group', 'innovative solutions', 'United States', 'customer satisfaction', 'French specialist', 'software solutions', 'Belgian specialist', 'handling systems', 'final completion', 'first quarter', 'family-owned company', 'experienced engineers', 'Shared DNA', 'Jean-Lucien Rascle', 'target markets', 'value proposition', 'common values', 'two companies', 'great success', 'saidWim Vandewijer', 'international expansion', 'international ambitions', 'best partners', 'numerous projects', 'intelligent objects', 'biggest names', 'North Africa', 'CSR policy', 'key values', 'Belgian company', 'great importance', 'world-class customers', 'Director Administration', 'Companies Register', 'Nawel BEKKAYE', 'Registered number', 'David Taverniers', 'modular design', 'design office', 'France solutions', 'local intelligence', 'warehouse automation', 'major synergies', 'special access', 'AELIUM FINANCE', 'production industries', 'Saint-Etienne Trade', '42000 Saint-Etienne', 'alliance', 'manufacture', 'marketing', 'ALBOA', 'signing', 'agreement', '70% stake', 'acquisition', 'cash', 'end', 'industry', 'robotisation', '90 employees', 'Belgium', 'Netherlands', '45 employees', 'team', 'technicians', '30 countries', 'Germany', 'China', 'Brazil', '15 years', 'revenue', 'host', 'Chairman', 'line', 'roadmap', 'source', 'guarantee', 'CEO', 'CSO', 'partnership', 'future', 'IPO', 'secret', 'Morocco', 'Italy', 'Switzerland', 'Poland', 'Paris', 'principle', 'IoT', 'e-commerce', 'Europe', 'ease', 'reuse', 'automated', '90 people', 'flexibility', 'responsiveness', 'innovation', 'information', '45 people', 'trust', 'Contacts', 'Tel.', 'boaconcept', 'Board', 'capital', '972,775 euros', '2440 Geel', 'easy-systems', 'LinkedIn', '590,000 euros', 'COMMUNICATION']",2024-02-22,2024-02-23,marketscreener.com
36554,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2024/02/22/2833297/0/en/BGHL-GBP-NAV-s.html,BGHL (GBP): NAV(s),BOUSSARD & GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITED   Ordinary Shares  The Directors of Boussard & Gavaudan Holding...,"BOUSSARD & GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITEDOrdinary SharesThe Directors of Boussard & Gavaudan Holding Limited would like to announce the following information for the Company.Close of business 21 Feb 2024.Estimated NAVEuro Shares Sterling Shares Estimated NAV € 27.5351 £ 24.5988 Estimated MTD return -0.70 % -0.63 % Estimated YTD return -0.05 % 0.12 % Estimated ITD return 175.35 % 145.99 %NAV and returns are calculated net of management and performance feesMarket informationEuro Shares Amsterdam (AEX) London (LSE) Market Close € 25.40 N/A Premium/discount to estimated NAV -7.75 % N/A Sterling Shares Amsterdam (AEX) London (LSE) Market Close N/A GBX 2 150.00 Premium/discount to estimated NAV N/A -12.60 %Transactions in own securities purchased into treasuryOrdinary Shares Euro Shares Sterling Shares Number of shares N/A N/A Average Price N/A N/A Range of Price N/A N/ALiquidity Enhancement Agreement Euro Shares Sterling Shares Number of shares N/A N/A Average Price N/A N/ABGHL CapitalBGHL Ordinary Shares Euro Shares Sterling Shares Shares Outstanding 12 299 516 123 090 Held in treasury N/A N/A Shares Issued 12 299 516 123 090Estimated BG Fund NAVClass B Euro Shares (estimated) € 246.3301 Class GBP A Shares (estimated) £ 131.8970The Class B Euro Shares of BG Fund are not subject to investment manager fees  as the Investment Manager receives management fees and performance fees in respect of its role as Investment Manager of BGHL.For further information please contact:Boussard & Gavaudan Investment Management  LLP.Emmanuel Gavaudan +44 (0) 20 3751 5389 Email : info@bgam-uk.comThe Company is established as a closed-ended investment company domiciled in Guernsey. The Company has received the necessary approval of the Guernsey Financial Services Commission and the States of Guernsey Policy Council. The Company is registered with the Dutch Authority for the Financial Markets as a collective investment scheme pursuant to article 2:73 in conjunction with 2:66 of the Dutch Financial Supervision Act (Wet op het financieel toezicht). The shares of the Company (the ""Shares"") are listed on Euronext Amsterdam. The Shares are also listed on the Official List of the UK Listing Authority and admitted to trading on the London Stock Exchange plc's main market for listed securities.This is not an offer to sell or a solicitation of any offer to buy any securities in the United States or in any other jurisdiction. This announcement is not intended to and does not constitute  or form part of  any offer or invitation to purchase any securities or the solicitation of any vote or approval in any jurisdiction  nor shall there be any sale  issuance or transfer of the securities referred to in this announcement in any jurisdiction in contravention of applicable law.Neither the Company nor BG Fund ICAV has been  and neither will be  registered under the US Investment Company Act of 1940  as amended (the ""Investment Company Act""). In addition the securities referenced in this announcement have not been and will not be registered under the US Securities Act of 1933  as amended (the ""Securities Act""). Consequently any such securities may not be offered  sold or otherwise transferred within the United States or to  or for the account or benefit of  US persons except in accordance with the Securities Act or an exemption therefrom and under circumstances which will not require the issuer of such securities to register under the Investment Company Act. No public offering of any securities will be made in the United States.You should always bear in mind that:all investment is subject to risk;results in the past are no guarantee of future results;the investment performance of BGHL may go down as well as up. You may not get back all of your original investment; andif you are in any doubt about the contents of this communication or if you consider making an investment decision  you are advised to seek expert financial advice.This communication is for information purposes only and the information contained in this communication should not be relied upon as a substitute for financial or other professional advice.Attachment",neutral,0.0,0.99,0.0,negative,0.01,0.27,0.72,True,English,"['BGHL', 'GBP', 'NAV', 'GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITED Ordinary Shares', 'The Class B Euro Shares', 'BGHL Ordinary Shares Euro Shares', 'A Liquidity Enhancement Agreement', 'Class GBP A Shares', 'Euro Shares Sterling Shares', 'A N/A Average Price', 'London Stock Exchange plc', 'Guernsey Financial Services Commission', 'N/A Sterling Shares Amsterdam', 'treasury N/A N/A Shares', 'Dutch Financial Supervision Act', 'US Investment Company Act', 'Euro Shares Amsterdam', 'Sterling Shares Shares', 'A N/A Range', 'expert financial advice', 'Guernsey Policy Council', 'collective investment scheme', 'other professional advice', 'BG Fund ICAV', 'Gavaudan Investment Management', 'closed-ended investment company', 'UK Listing Authority', 'US Securities Act', 'investment manager fees', 'BG Fund NAV', 'The Shares', 'N/A GBX', 'A Premium/discount', 'Dutch Authority', 'Emmanuel Gavaudan', 'Euronext Amsterdam', 'US persons', 'Financial Markets', 'The Directors', 'The Company', 'investment performance', 'original investment', 'investment decision', 'performance fees', 'BGHL Capital', 'management fees', 'MTD return', 'YTD return', 'ITD return', 'financieel toezicht', 'Official List', 'applicable law', 'public offering', 'other jurisdiction', 'main market', 'United States', 'following information', 'information purposes', 'Estimated NAV', 'necessary approval', 'future results', 'listed securities', 'Market information', 'LSE) Market', 'BOUSSARD', 'business', 'returns', 'AEX', 'Transactions', 'Number', 'Outstanding', 'respect', 'role', 'LLP.', 'Email', 'bgam', 'article', 'conjunction', 'solicitation', 'announcement', 'part', 'invitation', 'vote', 'sale', 'issuance', 'transfer', 'contravention', 'addition', 'account', 'benefit', 'accordance', 'exemption', 'circumstances', 'issuer', 'mind', 'risk', 'past', 'guarantee', 'doubt', 'contents', 'communication', 'substitute', 'Attachment']",2024-02-22,2024-02-23,globenewswire.com
36555,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/BUREAU-VERITAS-SA-64670/news/Bureau-Veritas-acquires-ANCE-S-A-de-C-V-a-leader-in-the-testing-and-certification-services-for-Ele-46004038/,Bureau Veritas acquires ANCE S.A de C.V.  a leader in the testing and certification services for Electrical and Electronics consumer products,(marketscreener.com) PRESS RELEASE Neuilly-sur-Seine  France – February 22  2024 Bureau Veritas becomes the market leader in Consumer Products Services in Mexico through the acquisition of “ANCE S.A de C.V.”  a leader in the testing and certification services…,PRESS RELEASENeuilly-sur-Seine  France – February 22  2024Bureau Veritas becomes the market leader in Consumer Products Services in Mexico through the acquisition of “ANCE S.A de C.V.”  a leader in the testing and certification services for Electrical and Electronics consumer productsBureau Veritas  a global leader in the Testing  Inspection and Certification (TIC) industry  announces the acquisition of the Conformity Assessment entity from ANCE Estándares S.C.: “ANCE S.A de C.V.” (Asociación de Normalización y Certificación)  a leader in testing and certification services for electrical and electronic products in Mexico.ANCE S.A de C.V. is the Mexican leader for conformity assessment covering many segments including electrical and electronic products  household appliances  and lighting and wireless products.ANCE S.A de C.V. is a strategic partner to a wide portfolio of domestic clients including manufacturers  retailers  importers  and brands in Mexico  but also worldwide. The company employs around 400 people across its various laboratories across the country and generated a revenue of c.€21 million in 2023.Through this acquisition Bureau Veritas will establish a center of competence supporting Mexico’s continued growth as an importer  manufacturer  and exporter of technology products.This acquisition significantly enhances Bureau Veritas’ Consumer Products Services presence in the Americas  entering a large and growing domestic market with increasing regulatory requirements for quality  safety and energy efficiency. It positions Bureau Veritas Consumer Products Services as the market leader in Mexico.Hinda Gharbi  Chief Executive Officer of Bureau Veritas  commented: “We are delighted to welcome ANCE S.A de C.V. to Bureau Veritas. With the reconfiguration of supply chains  global sourcing shifts  and with customers investing in fast-growing 'near-shoring' markets  it is critical for our future growth to accompany these transformations. Mexico being one of the fastest-growing exporters to the USA  the integration of ANCE S.A de C.V.’s labs and technical knowledge provides an excellent platform for growth in the Americas and is fully aligned with our Consumer Products strategy to diversify into new segments and new geographies.”Abel Hernandez  General Director of ANCE S.A de C.V.  stated: “With its history  customer portfolio  services diversity  shared values and integrity  we are delighted to join Bureau Veritas. Mexico is well positioned for growth with a lot of new investment continuing to flow into the country. In combining Bureau Veritas’s global business platform with ANCE S.A de C.V.’s local expertise and brand strength  we will be able to consolidate our leadership position in Mexico. Jointly  we will offer comprehensive testing  certification and global market solutions that are truly unique in our industry.”About Bureau VeritasBureau Veritas is a world leader in laboratory testing  inspection and certification services. Created in 1828  the Group has circa 82 000 employees located in nearly 1 600 offices and laboratories around the globe. Bureau Veritas helps its 400 000 clients improve their performance by offering services and innovative solutions in order to ensure that their assets  products  infrastructure and processes meet standards and regulations in terms of quality  health and safety  environmental protection and social responsibility.Bureau Veritas is listed on Euronext Paris and belongs to the CAC 40 ESG  CAC Next 20 and SBF 120 indices.Compartment A  ISIN code FR 0006174348  stock symbol: BVI.For more information  visit www.bureauveritas.com  and follow us on Twitter (@bureauveritas) and LinkedIn.Our information is certified with blockchain technology.Check that this press release is genuine at www.wiztrust.com .ANALYST/INVESTOR CONTACTS MEDIA CONTACTS Laurent Brunelle Anette Rey +33 (0)1 55 24 76 09 +33 (0) 6 69 79 84 88 laurent.brunelle@bureauveritas.com anette.rey@bureauveritas.com Colin Verbrugghe +33 (0)1 55 24 77 80 colin.verbrugghe@bureauveritas.comKarine Ansart+33 (0)1 55 24 76 19karine.ansart@bureauveritas.comAttachment,neutral,0.02,0.98,0.0,positive,0.65,0.34,0.01,True,English,"['ANCE S.A de C.V.', 'Electronics consumer products', 'Bureau Veritas', 'certification services', 'leader', 'testing', 'Electrical', 'ANALYST/INVESTOR CONTACTS MEDIA CONTACTS Laurent Brunelle Anette Rey', 'ANCE S.A de C.V.', 'ANCE Estándares S.C.', 'Bureau Veritas’ Consumer Products Services presence', 'Bureau Veritas Consumer Products Services', 'Electronics consumer products', 'Consumer Products strategy', 'increasing regulatory requirements', 'Chief Executive Officer', 'global sourcing shifts', 'global business platform', 'Conformity Assessment entity', 'global market solutions', 'growing domestic market', 'Compartment A', 'comprehensive testing, certification', 'electronic products', 'wireless products', 'technology products', 'certification services', 'growing exporters', 'excellent platform', 'innovative solutions', 'global leader', 'market leader', 'PRESS RELEASE', 'Asociación', 'Normalización', 'Certificación', 'many segments', 'household appliances', 'strategic partner', 'wide portfolio', 'domestic clients', 'energy efficiency', 'Hinda Gharbi', 'supply chains', ""near-shoring' markets"", 'technical knowledge', 'new segments', 'new geographies', 'Abel Hernandez', 'General Director', 'customer portfolio', 'new investment', 'local expertise', 'brand strength', 'leadership position', 'environmental protection', 'social responsibility', 'Euronext Paris', 'SBF 120 indices', 'ISIN code', 'stock symbol', 'blockchain technology', 'Mexican leader', 'world leader', 'various laboratories', 'continued growth', 'future growth', 'CAC 40 ESG', 'Colin Verbrugghe', 'Karine Ansart', '400,000 clients', 'France', 'February', 'Mexico', 'acquisition', 'Electrical', 'Inspection', 'lighting', 'manufacturers', 'retailers', 'importers', 'brands', 'company', '400 people', 'country', 'revenue', 'center', 'competence', 'Americas', 'large', 'safety', 'reconfiguration', 'customers', 'transformations', 'USA', 'integration', 'labs', 'history', 'diversity', 'values', 'integrity', 'lot', 'industry', 'Group', 'circa', '82,000 employees', '1,600 offices', 'globe', 'performance', 'order', 'assets', 'infrastructure', 'processes', 'standards', 'regulations', 'terms', 'quality', 'health', 'BVI.', 'information', 'bureauveritas', 'Twitter', 'LinkedIn', 'wiztrust', 'Attachment']",2024-02-22,2024-02-23,marketscreener.com
36556,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.investorsobserver.com/news/qm-pr/8428855185918520,Excellent 2023 Performance: Strong Growth and Record Earnings; Confident of Strong Growth in 2024,Regulatory News:       2023 Key Figures   1           Revenue of EUR 5 867.8 million for the full year 2023  up 8.5% organically and up 3.8% on a reported basis (including a positive 0.6% scope effect and a negative 5.3% currency fluctuations)     In t...,Excellent 2023 Performance: Strong Growth and Record Earnings; Confident of Strong Growth in 2024Regulatory News:2023 Key Figures 1Revenue of EUR 5 867.8 million for the full year 2023  up 8.5% organically and up 3.8% on a reported basis (including a positive 0.6% scope effect and a negative 5.3% currency fluctuations)In the fourth quarter  organic revenue growth achieved 9.4%Adjusted operating profit of EUR 930.2 million  up 3.1% versus EUR 902.1 million in 2022  representing an adjusted operating margin of 15.9%  down c.10 basis points on a reported basis  and up 20 basis points organically at 16.2% (of which +c.50bps in H2 2023)Operating profit of EUR 824.4 million  up 3.1% versus EUR 799.3 million in 2022Attributable net profit of EUR 503.7 million  up 7.9% versus EUR 466.7 million in 2022Adjusted net profit of EUR 574.7 million (adjusted EPS of EUR 1.27 per share)  up 7.6% versus EUR 533.9 million in 2022 and up 17.6% at constant currencyFree cash flow of EUR 659.1 million (11% of Group revenue)  up 0.3% year-on-year and 5.5% at constant currency  led by disciplined capex policy and working capital managementAdjusted net debt/EBITDA ratio 2 reduced to 0.92x as of December 31  2023  versus 0.97x last yearreduced to 0.92x as of December 31  2023  versus 0.97x last year Proposed dividend of EUR 0.83 per share 3   up 7.8% year-on-year  payable in cash2023 HighlightsAppointment of a new CEO and strengthening of the Executive Committee to support future growth ambitions2023 financial targets exceeded on all metricsOver 80% of the portfolio delivered at least mid-to-high single digit or double-digit organic revenue growth driven by good momentum in the sales pipelineStrong growth in every region (Americas  Middle East  Europe  Africa and Asia-Pacific)  substantially outperforming many underlying marketsStrong momentum maintained for Sustainability and energy transition solutions across the entire portfolioAcquisition of two bolt-on companies further diversifying Consumer Products Services adding annualized revenue of c. EUR 28 million. This includes ANCE  the leading player in Mexico for Electrical and Electronics products (c. EUR 21 million of revenue)  announced todayGood progress towards the achievement of the 2025 CSR ambitions; commitment recognized by several non-financial rating agencies  including a first ranking in the 2023 S&P Global rating (DJSI); mid-term GHG emissions targets approved by the Science Based Targets initiative (SBTi)2024 OutlookLeveraging a healthy and growing sales pipeline  high customer demand for ‘new economy services’ and strong underlying market growth  Bureau Veritas expects to deliver for the full year 2024:Mid-to-high single-digit organic revenue growth;Improvement in adjusted operating margin at constant exchange rates;Strong cash flow  with a cash conversion above 90%.The Group expects H2 organic revenue growth above H1 (with stronger comparables in H1).Hinda Gharbi  Chief Executive Officer  commented:“We delivered very strong results in 2023  reflecting our robust business fundamentals  our consistent execution and our customer centricity around the globe. We achieved organic growth of 8.5%  a healthy organic margin of 16.2%  and record earnings per share of EUR 1.27  up over 17% at constant exchange rates.I would like to warmly thank all our colleagues around the world for their dedication and hard work to deliver this outstanding performance.I also want to thank our shareholders for their continued support. As a result of our robust cash flow generation and financials  the Board is recommending a dividend increase of 8% compared to last year.I am convinced that we can take Bureau Veritas to higher levels of performance and achievement. Our portfolio of leading global business lines  strong execution track record and exposure to positive secular trends are key contributors to our current performance and a great foundation for future outperformance.Specifically  we expect powerful demand for services supporting transition to sustainable development models  evolving buildings integrity needs  growing infrastructure investment and increased spending in low-carbon energy development. Our current pipeline of opportunities in these business areas is a testament to this durable growth dynamic. I look forward to updating the market with our vision and new strategy at our Capital Markets Day on March 20 th .For 2024  we expect Bureau Veritas to deliver another strong year of organic revenue growth  margin expansion 4 and strong cash conversion.”Click here to download the complete Press Release.About Bureau VeritasBureau Veritas is a world leader in laboratory testing  inspection and certification services. Created in 1828  the Group has circa 82 000 employees located in nearly 1 600 offices and laboratories around the globe. Bureau Veritas helps its 400 000 clients improve their performance by offering services and innovative solutions in order to ensure that their assets  products  infrastructure and processes meet standards and regulations in terms of quality  health and safety  environmental protection and social responsibility.Bureau Veritas is listed on Euronext Paris and belongs to the CAC 40 ESG  CAC Next 20  CAC 40 SBT 1.5  and SBF 120 indices. Compartment A  ISIN code FR 0006174348  stock symbol: BVI.For more information  visit www.bureauveritas.com   and follow us on Twitter (@bureauveritas) and LinkedIn .1 Alternative performance indicators are presented  defined and reconciled with IFRS in appendices 6 and 8 of this press release.2 Ratio of adjusted net financial debt divided by consolidated EBITDA (earnings before interest  tax  depreciation  amortization and provisions)  adjusted for any entities acquired over the last 12 months.3 Proposed dividend  subject to Shareholders’ Meeting approval on June 20  2024.4 At constant currencyView source version on businesswire.com: https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20240221228025/en/ANALYST/INVESTOR CONTACTSLaurent Brunelle+33 (0)1 55 24 76 09laurent.brunelle@bureauveritas.comColin Verbrugghe+33 (0)1 55 24 77 80colin.verbrugghe@bureauveritas.comKarine Ansart+33 (0)1 55 24 76 19karine.ansart@bureauveritas.comMEDIA CONTACTSAnette Rey+ 33 (0)6 69 79 84 88anette.rey@bureauveritas.com,positive,0.85,0.14,0.01,positive,0.75,0.23,0.01,True,English,"['Excellent 2023 Performance', 'Strong Growth', 'Record Earnings', '2024', 'high single-digit organic revenue growth', 'several non-financial rating agencies', '2023 S&P Global rating', 'working capital management Adjusted', 'mid-term GHG emissions targets', 'Science Based Targets initiative', 'leading global business lines', 'robust cash flow generation', 'double-digit organic revenue growth', 'strong execution track record', 'H2 organic revenue growth', 'strong underlying market growth', 'high single digit', 'many underlying markets', 'robust business fundamentals', 'Capital Markets Day', 'durable growth dynamic', 'positive 0.6% scope effect', 'Free cash flow', 'disciplined capex policy', 'positive secular trends', 'sustainable development models', 'buildings integrity needs', 'low-carbon energy development', 'complete Press Release', 'net debt/EBITDA ratio', 'high customer demand', 'Strong cash flow', 'constant exchange rates', 'Chief Executive Officer', 'negative 5.3% currency fluctuations', 'future growth ambitions', 'growing infrastructure investment', 'Attributable net profit', 'growing sales pipeline', 'strong cash conversion', 'healthy organic margin', 'energy transition solutions', 'new economy services', 'Consumer Products Services', 'organic growth', 'Strong Growth', '2023 financial targets', 'leading player', 'consistent execution', 'business areas', 'constant currency', 'annualized revenue', 'Record Earnings', 'Strong momentum', 'strong results', 'Executive Committee', '2025 CSR ambitions', 'customer centricity', 'future outperformance', 'powerful demand', 'innovative solutions', 'Group revenue', 'new CEO', 'current pipeline', 'new strategy', 'strong year', 'operating profit', 'operating margin', 'margin expansion', 'Regulatory News', 'Key Figures', 'fourth quarter', 'good momentum', 'Middle East', 'two bolt', 'Electronics products', 'Good progress', 'first ranking', 'Bureau Veritas', 'stronger comparables', 'Hinda Gharbi', 'hard work', 'continued support', 'higher levels', 'key contributors', 'great foundation', 'certification services', 'full year', 'The Group', 'last year', 'Excellent 2023 Performance', 'outstanding performance', 'current performance', 'dividend increase', 'world leader', 'entire portfolio', 'basis', 'EPS', 'EUR', 'share', 'December', '2023 Highlights', 'Appointment', 'strengthening', 'metrics', 'region', 'Americas', 'Africa', 'Asia-Pacific', 'Sustainability', 'Acquisition', 'companies', 'Mexico', 'Electrical', 'achievement', 'commitment', 'DJSI', 'SBTi', '2024 Outlook', 'Improvement', 'H1', 'globe', 'colleagues', 'dedication', 'financials', 'Board', 'exposure', 'spending', 'opportunities', 'testament', 'vision', 'March', 'inspection', 'circa', '82,000 employees', '1,600 offices', 'laboratories', '400,000 clients', 'order', 'assets', 'processes', 'standards']",2024-02-22,2024-02-23,investorsobserver.com
36557,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/FORFARMERS-N-V-27753904/news/ForFarmers-2023-results-Implementation-of-Local-in-the-lead-bears-fruit-46003946/,ForFarmers 2023 results - Implementation of ‘Local in the lead' bears fruit,(marketscreener.com) Lochem  22 February 2024  ForFarmers 2023 results - Implementation of ‘Local in the lead’ bears fruit Pieter Wolleswinkel  CEO of ForFarmers: “2023 was a year of transition for ForFarmers in which we achieved an improvement of our results…,"Lochem  22 February 2024ForFarmers 2023 results - Implementation of ‘Local in the lead’ bears fruitPieter Wolleswinkel  CEO of ForFarmers: “2023 was a year of transition for ForFarmers in which we achieved an improvement of our results in the second half. The implementation of our strategy  of being even closer to our farmers with a local market approach  is bearing fruit. We are in a strong position to keep on delivering on our promise to our customers: to provide high-quality feed at a competitive price. The acquisition of Piast in growth market Poland is also an important step in the implementation of our strategy. Not only will this enable us to produce more efficiently but the geographical spread also provides good commercial opportunities. Furthermore in October 2023 we sold our Belgian compound feed activities in view of their limited market perspective for ForFarmers.It is our conviction that livestock farming plays an essential role in safeguarding affordable and sustainable food. We will therefore continue to invest in sustainable solutions such as innovative feed concepts  for example to increase the proportion of co-products in our feed solutions. These are challenging times for many farmers. We look forward to continuing to work on solutions that contribute towards a profitable futureproof farming business  thus putting our mission For the Future of Farming into practice. For ForFarmers  2023 was a year of both challenges and progress  and the latter fills me with confidence for the future. I am convinced that with our people and our strategy we are on the right track.”Read the full press release in the attached document (see below).Note to the editor / For additional information:Marieke Leussink  Manager External Communication M: +31 6 12 56 74 95E: marieke.leussink@forfarmers.euCompany profileForFarmers N.V. ('ForFarmers') offers complete feed solutions to the (organic) livestock farming industry. With its mission ""For the Future of Farming""  ForFarmers is committed to a future-proof farming business and making the agricultural sector more sustainable. Our goal is clear: to contribute to a good return and a robust long-term business model. How? By leading the way with knowledge  advice  support and products on the farm. Close to the farmers  solution-oriented and with an open view of the future. The result: a contribution to affordable and sustainable food  For the Future of Farming.With sales of approximately 8.4 million tonnes of feed  ForFarmers is a leading player in Europe. The company has production operations in the Netherlands (head office)  Germany  Poland and the United Kingdom  and exports to various countries within and outside Europe. ForFarmers has around 2 400 employees and generated revenue of approximately €3 billion in 2023. ForFarmers N.V. is listed on Euronext Amsterdam.Check Imagery | ForFarmers Group - Global for ForFarmers imageryFORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTSThis press release contains forward-looking statements  including those relating to ForFarmers legal obligations in terms of capital and liquidity positions in certain specified scenarios. In addition  forward-looking statements  without limitation  may include such phrases as “intends to”  ""expects“  “takes into account”  ""is aimed at “  ''plans to”  ""estimated"" and words with a similar meaning. These statements pertain to or may affect matters in the future  such as ForFarmers future financial results  business plans and current strategies. Forward-looking statements are subject to a number of risks and uncertainties  which may mean that there could be material differences between actual results and performance and expected future results or performances that are implicitly or explicitly included in the forward-looking statements. Factors that may result in variations on the current expectations or may contribute to the same include but are not limited to: developments in legislation  technology  jurisprudence and regulations  share price fluctuations  legal procedures  investigations by regulatory bodies  the competitive landscape and general economic conditions. These and other factors  risks and uncertainties that may affect any forward-looking statements or the actual results of ForFarmers  are discussed in the last published annual report. The forward-looking statements in this press release are only statements as of the date of this document and ForFarmers accepts no obligation or responsibility with respect to any changes made to the forward-looking statements contained in this document  regardless of whether these pertain to new information  future events or otherwise  unless ForFarmers is legally obliged to do so.Attachment",neutral,0.03,0.97,0.0,mixed,0.61,0.27,0.12,True,English,"['ForFarmers 2023 results', 'Implementation', 'Local', 'lead', 'fruit', 'robust long-term business model', 'Belgian compound feed activities', 'profitable futureproof farming business', 'organic) livestock farming industry', 'general economic conditions', 'limited market perspective', 'future-proof farming business', 'good commercial opportunities', 'innovative feed concepts', 'share price fluctuations', 'full press release', 'local market approach', 'complete feed solutions', 'ForFarmers N.V.', 'ForFarmers legal obligations', 'future financial results', 'business plans', 'growth market', 'high-quality feed', 'competitive price', 'good return', 'legal procedures', 'Pieter Wolleswinkel', 'second half', 'strong position', 'important step', 'geographical spread', 'essential role', 'sustainable food', 'sustainable solutions', 'challenging times', 'right track', 'additional information', 'External Communication', 'agricultural sector', '8.4 million tonnes', 'leading player', 'production operations', 'head office', 'United Kingdom', 'various countries', 'Euronext Amsterdam', 'Check Imagery', 'liquidity positions', 'similar meaning', 'current strategies', 'material differences', 'actual results', 'current expectations', 'same include', 'regulatory bodies', 'competitive landscape', 'annual report', 'new information', 'FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS', 'Company profile', 'open view', 'other factors', 'ForFarmers 2023 results', 'ForFarmers Group', 'ForFarmers imagery', 'future results', 'future events', 'many farmers', 'attached document', 'Marieke Leussink', 'Lochem', '22 February', 'Implementation', 'fruit', 'CEO', 'year', 'transition', 'improvement', 'strategy', 'promise', 'customers', 'acquisition', 'Piast', 'Poland', 'October', 'conviction', 'affordable', 'example', 'proportion', 'products', 'mission', 'practice', 'challenges', 'progress', 'confidence', 'people', 'Note', 'editor', 'Manager', 'goal', 'way', 'knowledge', 'advice', 'support', 'contribution', 'sales', 'Europe', 'Netherlands', 'Germany', 'exports', '2,400 employees', 'revenue', 'terms', 'capital', 'scenarios', 'limitation', 'phrases', 'account', 'words', 'matters', 'number', 'risks', 'uncertainties', 'performance', 'variations', 'developments', 'legislation', 'technology', 'jurisprudence', 'regulations', 'investigations', 'last', 'date', 'responsibility', 'respect', 'changes', 'Attachment']",2024-02-22,2024-02-23,marketscreener.com
36558,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/SANOFI-4698/news/Press-Release-Sanofi-s-Board-of-Directors-proposes-the-appointment-of-Clotilde-Delbos-Anne-Fran-46011418/,Press Release: Sanofi’s Board of Directors proposes the appointment of Clotilde Delbos  Anne-Françoise Nesmes and John Sundy as independent Directors -February 22  2024 at 01:03 pm EST,(marketscreener.com) Sanofi’s Board of Directors proposes the appointment of Clotilde Delbos  Anne-Françoise Nesmes and John Sundy as independent Directors  Paris  February 22  2024. At its meeting on February 22  2024  Sanofi’s Board of Directors has decided…,Sanofi’s Board of Directors proposes the appointment of Clotilde Delbos  Anne-Françoise Nesmes and John Sundy as independent DirectorsParis  February 22  2024. At its meeting on February 22  2024  Sanofi’s Board of Directors has decided to propose  on the occasion of its next General Shareholder Meeting to be held on April 30  2024  the renewal of the terms of office of Rachel Duan and Lise Kingo and the appointment of Clotilde Delbos  Anne-Françoise Nesmes and John Sundy as independent Directors.Diane Souza  Member of the Audit and Compensation Committees  and Thomas Südhof  Chairman of the Scientific Committee  will leave the Board of Directors at the end of their second terms. The Chairman warmly thanked them for their valued contribution to the Board of Directors and the specialized committees to which they belonged during their terms in office.The Chairman specified that  in order to prepare as effectively as possible for the end  in 2025  of the term of office as director of Fabienne Lecorvaisier  Chairman of the Audit Committee  the Board of Directors will temporarily comprise 17 members as from the General Shareholder Meeting of April 30  2024.Clotilde Delbos is currently director of Axa and Alstom. She held various positions in internal audit  merger and acquisitions and treasury  in California  Brussels and France  notably at Price Waterhouse and the Pechiney group  before becoming Division Chief Financial Officer. In 2012  she joined the Renault Group. In 2016  Clotilde Delbos was appointed Group Chief Financial Officer and Chairman of Board of Directors of RCI Banque. She was then appointed Interim Chief Executive Officer of Renault SA  Deputy Chief Executive Officer of the group and Chief Executive Officer of Mobilize. Clotilde Delbos was awarded the Légion d’Honneur in 2021.Clotilde Delbos graduated from EM Lyon with a specialization in accounting.Anne-Françoise Nesmes is currently Chief Financial Officer of Smith + Nephew PLC  a role from which she will step down at the end of the first quarter of 2024. She joined the Board of Compass Group PLC as a non-executive director in 2018 and currently serves as Senior Independent Director  Chair of the Audit Committee and a member of the Corporate Responsibility  Nomination and Remuneration Committees. She held a number of finance positions in international companies before joining GlaxoSmithKline PLC in 1997  where she worked for 16 years  including as Senior Vice President of Finance for global vaccines. She then became Chief Financial Officer of Dechra Pharmaceuticals PLC and Merlin Entertainments PLC (2013-2020).Anne-Françoise Nesmes holds a Master’s degree from Grenoble Business School and a Master’s degree in Business Administration from Henley Management College. She is also a Chartered Management Accountant.John Sundy is currently Chief Medical Officer and Head of Research and Development at Seicmic Therapeutic  a machine learning immunology company and is Adjunct Professor of Medicine in the Division of Rheumatology and Immunology at Duke University School of Medicine. He was a tenured faculy member at Duke University before moving to the biotech industry in 2014. Between 2014 and 2021  he held several management positions including Senior Vice President at Gilead Sciences  and Chief Medical Officer at Pandion Therapeutics.He is also a director of Neutrolis  Inc  and the Childhood Arthritis and Rheumatology Research Alliance  and serves on the Steering Committee of the NIH Immune Tolerance Network.John Sundy obtained a B.S. in biology from Bucknell University and an M.D./Ph.D from Hahnemann University with a specialization in immunology  and completed clinical training in rheumatology and allergy/immunology at Duke.Frédéric OudéaChairman of the Board of Directors“The arrivals of Clotilde Delbos  Anne-Françoise Nesmes and John Sundy will strengthen the Board of Directors’ expertise in finance and science  notably in the field of immunology. I would like to pay tribute to the remarkable contribution of Diane Souza and Thomas Südhof to the work of the Board  and I am delighted that the Board continues to diversify its profiles and competencies  in line with the Group’s strategic developments.”The composition of the Board’s specialized committees will be reviewed following the Annual General Meeting of Shareholders scheduled for April 30  2024.About SanofiWe are an innovative global healthcare company  driven by one purpose: we chase the miracles of science to improve people’s lives. Our team  across some 100 countries  is dedicated to transforming the practice of medicine by working to turn the impossible into the possible. We provide potentially life-changing treatment options and life-saving vaccine protection to millions of people globally  while putting sustainability and social responsibility at the center of our ambitions.Sanofi is listed on EURONEXT: SAN and NASDAQ: SNYMedia RelationsSandrine Guendoul | + 33 6 25 09 14 25 | sandrine.guendoul@sanofi.comNicolas Obrist | + 33 6 77 21 27 55 | nicolas.obrist@sanofi.comVictor Rouault | + 33 6 70 93 71 40 | victor.rouault@sanofi.comInvestor RelationsEva Schaefer-Jansen | + 33 7 86 80 56 39 | eva.schaefer-jansen@sanofi.comArnaud Delépine | + 33 6 73 69 36 93 | arnaud.delepine@sanofi.comCorentine Driancourt | + 33 6 40 56 92 21 | corentine.driancourt@sanofi.comFelix Lauscher | + 1 908 612 7239 | felix.lauscher@sanofi.comTarik Elgoutni| + 1 617 710 3587 | tarik.elgoutni@sanofi.comNathalie Pham | + 33 7 85 93 30 17 | nathalie.pham@sanofi.comAttachment,neutral,0.04,0.95,0.01,positive,0.92,0.07,0.01,True,English,"['Anne-Françoise Nesmes', 'Press Release', 'Clotilde Delbos', 'John Sundy', 'independent Directors', 'Sanofi', 'Board', 'appointment', 'February', '01:03', 'Frédéric Oudéa', 'M.D./Ph.D', 'NIH Immune Tolerance Network', 'Smith + Nephew PLC', 'innovative global healthcare company', 'machine learning immunology company', 'Interim Chief Executive Officer', 'Deputy Chief Executive Officer', 'next General Shareholder Meeting', 'Division Chief Financial Officer', 'Group Chief Financial Officer', 'Chief Medical Officer', 'Annual General Meeting', 'Anne-Françoise Nesmes', 'Senior Vice President', 'Dechra Pharmaceuticals PLC', 'Merlin Entertainments PLC', 'Henley Management College', 'Chartered Management Accountant', 'life-changing treatment options', 'life-saving vaccine protection', 'SNY Media Relations', 'Thomas Südhof', 'Grenoble Business School', 'several management positions', 'Compass Group PLC', 'tenured faculy member', 'Duke University School', 'specialization in immunology', 'Senior Independent Director', 'Rheumatology Research Alliance', 'GlaxoSmithKline PLC', 'global vaccines', 'executive director', 'B.S.', 'Business Administration', 'various positions', 'Bucknell University', 'Hahnemann University', 'Pechiney group', 'Renault Group', 'Clotilde Delbos', 'John Sundy', 'Rachel Duan', 'Lise Kingo', 'Diane Souza', 'Compensation Committees', 'Scientific Committee', 'valued contribution', 'specialized committees', 'Fabienne Lecorvaisier', 'Price Waterhouse', 'RCI Banque', 'Renault SA', 'Légion', 'EM Lyon', 'first quarter', 'Corporate Responsibility', 'Remuneration Committees', 'international companies', 'Seicmic Therapeutic', 'Adjunct Professor', 'biotech industry', 'Gilead Sciences', 'Pandion Therapeutics', 'Childhood Arthritis', 'Steering Committee', 'clinical training', 'remarkable contribution', 'strategic developments', 'one purpose', 'social responsibility', 'Audit Committee', 'internal audit', 'finance positions', 'independent Directors', 'second terms', 'Directors’ expertise', 'Sandrine Guendoul', 'Nicolas Obrist', 'Sanofi', 'Board', 'appointment', 'Paris', 'February', 'occasion', 'April', 'renewal', 'Chairman', 'order', '17 members', 'Axa', 'Alstom', 'merger', 'acquisitions', 'treasury', 'California', 'Brussels', 'France', 'Mobilize', 'Honneur', 'accounting', 'role', 'Nomination', 'number', '16 years', 'Master', 'degree', 'Head', 'Medicine', 'Neutrolis', 'Inc', 'biology', 'allergy/immunology', 'arrivals', 'field', 'tribute', 'profiles', 'competencies', 'composition', 'Shareholders', 'miracles', 'people', 'lives', 'team', '100 countries', 'practice', 'millions', 'sustainability', 'center', 'ambitions', 'EURONEXT', 'NASDAQ']",2024-02-22,2024-02-23,marketscreener.com
36559,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/VAN-LANSCHOT-KEMPEN-N-V-6308/news/Van-Lanschot-Kempen-net-profit-125-2-million-with-net-AuM-inflows-at-5-3-billion-in-2023-46004121/,Van Lanschot Kempen: net profit €125.2 million  with net AuM inflows at €5.3 billion in 2023 -February 22  2024 at 01:31 am EST,(marketscreener.com) Amsterdam/’s-Hertogenbosch  the Netherlands  22 February 2024 Net profit increased to €125.2 million   mainly on higher commission income  interest income and a book profit on the sale of a stake in the portfolio of participating interest…,Amsterdam/’s-Hertogenbosch  the Netherlands  22 February 2024Net profit increased to €125.2 million (2022: €84.3 million)  mainly on higher commission income  interest income and a book profit on the sale of a stake in the portfolio of participating interestsNet AuM inflows: €5.3 billion  of which Private Clients €2.3 billion and Wholesale & Institutional Clients €3.1 billionClient assets: €145.0 billion (2022: €124.2 billion) and AuM: €127.6 billion (2022: €107.8 billion)Strong capital ratio of 19.6% (2022: 20.6%)  well above 17.5% target2023 dividend proposal: €2.00 per share (2022: €1.75 per share)Investor Day on 20 June 2024: update on wealth management strategy and financial targetsMaarten Edixhoven  Chair of the Management Board  said: “2023 was a good year for Van Lanschot Kempen  with strong net profit and more than 18% growth in assets under management (AuM). As well as a positive market performance  this reflected new assets entrusted to us by both existing and new clients  and the disciplined execution of our M&A strategy.“The year was marked by geopolitical tensions  climate change impacts and economic developments that had a major effect on consumers  investors  entrepreneurs and society at large. Equity markets were volatile due to monetary tightening by central banks  but saw a strong end to the year. Against this backdrop  our clients sought solutions and advice to help them stay on course for the long-term. Fixed income returned as an attractive asset class  while interest in alternative investment solutions remained strong – an area in which impact is increasingly becoming a third variable alongside risk and return.“Private Clients reported strong results in the Netherlands  Belgium and Switzerland  recording net AuM inflows of €2.3 billion. In Belgium  our second home market  we achieved solid growth  a major feat by all colleagues who were meanwhile also working hard towards the launch of Mercier Van Lanschot on 1 January 2024. This completed the integration of Mercier Vanderlinden and Van Lanschot Belgium. The integration of Robeco’s online investment platform and Evi van Lanschot is likewise proceeding smoothly.“Our other two client segments reported negative results. Within Wholesale & Institutional Clients we took additional measures focused on profitable growth and cost discipline. Net inflows in this segment were €3.1 billion  mainly generated in the final quarter of the year. Coupled with rising stock markets  this created a good starting point for 2024. Investment Banking Clients experienced a challenging climate for transactions in 2023 due to rising interest rates  whereas the demand for debt advisory services remained strong. This client segment also recorded an upward trend as the year progressed  particularly in capital market transactions.“We remain committed to our sustainability targets  both year-on-year and for the longer term. And we have raised our ambitions relating to our own organisation. To reduce the carbon emissions of our AuM – our main impact – and those of our mortgage portfolio  we continue to engage with our clients and the companies we invest in.”I’m looking forward to giving an update on our independent wealth management strategy during our Investor Day in June. Our results clearly demonstrate that we delivered on this consistently in 2023  with a focus on scalable growth while preserving the personal approach that makes us stand out. I’m incredibly proud of all our people who make this possible each and every day  and would also like to thank our clients and shareholders for the trust that  once again  they put in us in 2023.”PERFORMANCE REPORT/PRESENTATION/WEBCASTFor a detailed discussion of Van Lanschot Kempen’s results and balance sheet  please refer to our performance report and presentation on the 2023 full-year results at vanlanschotkempen.com/results. In a conference call on 22 February at 9.00 am CET  we will discuss our 2023 full-year results in greater detail. This may be viewed live at vanlanschotkempen.com/results and played back at a later date.ADDITIONAL INFORMATIONFor additional information  go to vanlanschotkempen.com/financial.FINANCIAL CALENDAR30 April 2024 Publication of first-quarter 2024 trading update23 May 2024 Annual General Meeting (AGM)27 May 2024 Ex-dividend date4 June 2024 2023 dividend payment date20 June 2024 Investor Day22 August 2024 Publication of 2024 half-year results1 November 2024 Publication of third-quarter 2024 trading updateMedia RelationsMaud van GaalT +31 20 354 45 85mediarelations@vanlanschotkempen.comInvestor RelationsJudith van TolT +31 20 354 45 90investorrelations@vanlanschotkempen.comAbout Van Lanschot KempenVan Lanschot Kempen is an independent  specialist wealth manager active in private banking  investment management and investment banking  with the aim of preserving and creating wealth  in a sustainable way  for both its clients and the society of which it is part. Through our long-term focus  we create positive financial and nonfinancial value. Listed at Euronext Amsterdam  Van Lanschot Kempen is the Netherlands’ oldest independent financial services company  with a history dating back to 1737.For more information  please visit vanlanschotkempen.comImportant legal information and cautionary note on forward-looking statementsThis press release may contain forward-looking statements and targets on future events and developments. These forward-looking statements and targets are based on the current insights  information and assumptions of Van Lanschot Kempen’s management about known and unknown risks  developments and uncertainties. Forward-looking statements and targets do not relate strictly to historical or current facts and are subject to such risks  developments and uncertainties which by their very nature fall outside the control of Van Lanschot Kempen and its management. Actual results  performances and circumstances may differ considerably from these forward-looking statements and targets.Van Lanschot Kempen cautions that forward-looking statements and targets in this press release are only valid on the specific dates on which they are expressed  and accepts no responsibility or obligation to revise or update any information  whether as a result of new information or for any other reason.Van Lanschot Kempen’s annual accounts are prepared in accordance with International Financial Reporting Standards  as adopted by the European Union (“IFRS-EU”). In preparing the financial information in this press release  except as described otherwise  the same accounting principles are applied as in the 2022 Van Lanschot Kempen consolidated annual accounts. The figures in this press release have not been audited. Small differences are possible in the tables due to rounding. Percentages are calculated based on unrounded figures.This press release does not constitute an offer or solicitation for the sale  purchase or acquisition in any other way or subscription to any financial instrument and is not a recommendation to perform or refrain from performing any action.Elements of this press release contain information about Van Lanschot Kempen NV within the meaning of Article 7(1) to (4) of EU Regulation No. 596/2014.This press release is a translation of the Dutch language original and is provided as a courtesy only. In the event of any disparities  the Dutch language version will prevail. No rights can be derived from any translation thereof.Attachment,neutral,0.03,0.97,0.01,mixed,0.68,0.2,0.12,True,English,"['Van Lanschot Kempen', 'net AuM inflows', 'net profit', 'February', '01:31', 'third-quarter 2024 trading update Media Relations', 'Judith van Tol T', 'independent, specialist wealth manager', 'other two client segments', '23 May 2024 Annual General Meeting', 'independent wealth management strategy', 'first-quarter 2024 trading update', 'M&A strategy', 'attractive asset class', 'second home market', 'debt advisory services', 'Maud van Gaal', 'Van Lanschot Kempen', 'Evi van Lanschot', 'online investment platform', 'Strong capital ratio', 'climate change impacts', 'rising stock markets', 'good starting point', 'Mercier Van Lanschot', 'higher commission income', 'rising interest rates', 'capital market transactions', 'positive market performance', 'alternative investment solutions', 'dividend payment date', 'strong net profit', 'Net AuM inflows', 'Investment Banking Clients', '20 June 2024 Investor Day', 'Investor Relations', 'Net inflows', 'investment management', '2023 dividend proposal', 'Equity markets', 'strong end', 'Mercier Vanderlinden', 'challenging climate', 'positive financial', 'Management Board', 'interest income', 'book profit', 'Fixed income', 'PERFORMANCE REPORT/PRESENTATION', 'private banking', 'Client assets', 'strong results', 'participating interests', 'financial targets', 'Maarten Edixhoven', 'disciplined execution', 'geopolitical tensions', 'economic developments', 'major effect', 'monetary tightening', 'central banks', 'third variable', 'major feat', 'additional measures', 'cost discipline', 'final quarter', 'upward trend', 'sustainability targets', 'longer term', 'carbon emissions', 'personal approach', 'detailed discussion', 'balance sheet', 'conference call', 'greater detail', 'ADDITIONAL INFORMATION', 'FINANCIAL CALENDAR', 'Ex-dividend date', 'sustainable way', 'nonfinancial value', 'solid growth', 'profitable growth', 'scalable growth', 'Private Clients', 'Institutional Clients', 'new clients', 'good year', 'new assets', 'negative results', '2023 full-year results', '2024 half-year results', 'main impact', 'mortgage portfolio', 'long-term focus', '27 May 2024', '18% growth', '4 June', 'Amsterdam', 'Hertogenbosch', 'Netherlands', '22 February', 'sale', 'stake', '17.5% target', 'share', 'Chair', 'existing', 'consumers', 'investors', 'entrepreneurs', 'society', 'backdrop', 'advice', 'course', 'area', 'risk', 'return', 'Belgium', 'Switzerland', 'colleagues', 'launch', '1 January', 'integration', 'Robeco', 'demand', 'ambitions', 'organisation', 'companies', 'people', 'trust', 'WEBCAST', 'vanlanschotkempen', 'CET', '30 April', 'Publication', 'AGM', 'August', '1 November 2024', 'mediarelations', 'investorrelations', 'aim', '9.00']",2024-02-22,2024-02-23,marketscreener.com
36560,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/FORVIA-EX-FAURECIA-4647/news/FORVIA-POST-21-FEBRUARY-CONFERENCE-CALL-46005578/,FORVIA POST 21 FEBRUARY CONFERENCE CALL,(marketscreener.com) NANTERRE FEBRUARY 22  2024 CONFERENCE CALL OF FEBRUARY 21  2024 TO ANSWER MAIN QUESTIONS RELATING TO THE 2024 GUIDANCE AND POWER 25 AMBITIONTHE REVERSE FACTORING PROGRAMTHE EU-FORWARD PROJECT On February 19  FORVIA presented robust 2023 a…,NANTERRE (FRANCE)FEBRUARY 22  2024CONFERENCE CALL OF FEBRUARY 21  2024 TO ANSWER MAIN QUESTIONS RELATING TOTHE 2024 GUIDANCE AND POWER 25 AMBITIONTHE REVERSE FACTORING PROGRAMTHE EU-FORWARD PROJECTOn February 19  FORVIA presented robust 2023 annual results  in line with the Group’s strategic priorities. The 2023 results and the guidance for 2024 confirm the Group’s capability to sustainably generate strong net cash flow  contributing to deleveraging the Group. The Group also reiterated its POWER25 objectives  including the continuation of its deleveraging priority.During a conference call held February 21 at 3pm (Paris time) by the Company's management  Patrick KOLLER (Chief Executive Officer) and Olivier DURAND (Chief Financial Officer) confirmed guidance for 2024 and POWER25 objectives  answered questions from analysts and investors and provided the following details  complementary to the announcement of the 2023 annual results made on February 19:About FORVIA’s 2024 guidanceThe objective to generate a net cash flow in value at least equal to 2023 level (649 million euros) will be supported by further contribution from working capital  notably from inventories  on top of EBITDA improvement Additional restructuring costs related to the implementation of the EU-FORWARD project are included in the 2024 guidance.About FORVIA’s DPO (Days Payable Outstanding)The calculation of FORVIA’s Days Payable Outstanding must be carried out adding the amount of agent flows (mainly monoliths) representing 7.4 billion euros in 2023 and not recognized in consolidated sales and purchases according to IFRS15 but included in trade payables and receivables (cf. Note 4.1 in the consolidated accounts) Consequently  at the end of 2023  the DPO stood at around 100 days.About FORVIA’s reverse factoring programFORVIA started a reverse factoring program in 2017  the use of which is at the initiative of its suppliers (cf. Note 27.1 in the consolidated accounts) FORVIA reminded that the amounts included in the program are fully booked as trade payables in the balance sheet FORVIA indicated that at the end of 2023  the amount of the program used by the Group’s suppliers represented approximately 10% of the total amount of trade payables FORVIA specified that the amount of this program used by its suppliers at the end of 2023 was slightly lower than that at the end of 2022.About FORVIA’s EU-FORWARD projectFORVIA reminded that the EU-FORWARD project aims at adapting the industrial and R&D set-up in Europe to strengthen the competitiveness of its regional operations As the Group has almost no restructurings to achieve in Asia and very limited restructurings in North America  where most of the adaptation efforts were already carried out  the Group is able to finance an additional c. €350 million restructuring charges (additional c. €275m in cash) to finance the EU-FORWARD project over the 2024-2028 period FORVIA specified that this project would be self-financed over the 2024-2025 period and that expected savings  and that savings should reach c. 500 million euros on an annual basis in 2028.In detail:For the cumulative of 2024 and 2025 period  combined restructuring charges in Europe will be increased from c. €300m to c. €500m in the Income statement (c. €600m worldwide) For the cumulative 2026 to 2028 period  combined restructuring charges in Europe will also be increased from c. €300m to c. €500m in the Income statement (c. €600m worldwide) From a cash perspective  combined restructuring spending dedicated to Europe over the 2024-2028 period should be increased to around c. €800 million  broadly equally split between the 2024-2025 period and the 2026-2028 period.FORVIA confirmed its priority on deleveragingFORVIA indicated that the cash proceeds from the second asset disposal program will help to further reduce the Net debt / Adj. EBITDA ratio  beyond the current POWER25 objective to reach a leverage < 1.5x at the end of 2025 The 2024 leverage ratio guidance ≤ 1.9x takes into account the sale of HELLA’s stake in BHTC  already announced and whose closing is expected before the end of H1 2024. No other disposal from the second disposal program has been taken into account in this objective Lastly  FORVIA’s management formally ruled out any project of capital increase.FINANCIAL CALENDARMarch 21  2024 Sustainability Day in Paris (France)Sustainability Day in Paris (France) April 18  2024 Q1 2024 Sales (before market hours)Q1 2024 Sales (before market hours) May 30  2024 Annual Shareholders’ Meetings in Nanterre (France)Annual Shareholders’ Meetings in Nanterre (France) July 24  2024 H1 2024 Results (before market hours)H1 2024 Results (before market hours) October 21  2024 Q3 2024 Sales (before market hours)PRESS ANALYSTS/INVESTORSChristophe MALBRANQUEGroup Influence Director+33 (0) 6 21 96 23 53christophe.malbranque@forvia.comMarc MAILLETGroup Investor Relations Director+33 (0) 1 72 36 75 70marc.maillet@forvia.comIria MONTOUTOGroup Media Relations Officer+33 (0) 6 01 03 19 89iria.montouto@forvia.comSébastien LEROYGroup Deputy Investor Relations Director+33 (0) 6 26 89 33 69sebastien.leroy@forvia.comAbout FORVIA  whose mission is: “We pioneer technology for mobility experiences that matter to people”.FORVIA  7th global automotive technology supplier  comprises the complementary technology and industrial strengths of Faurecia and HELLA. With close to 260 industrial sites and 78 R&D centers  153 000 people  including 15 000 R&D engineers across 40+ countries  FORVIA provides a unique and comprehensive approach to the automotive challenges of today and tomorrow. Composed of six Business Groups and a strong IP portfolio of over 13 400 patents  FORVIA is focused on becoming the preferred innovation and integration partner for OEMS worldwide. In 2023  the Group recorded consolidated sales above 27 billion euros. FORVIA SE is listed on the Euronext Paris market under the FRVIA mnemonic code and is a component of the CAC Next 20 and CAC SBT 1.5° indices. FORVIA aims to be a change maker committed to foreseeing and making the mobility transformation happen. www.forvia.comAttachment,neutral,0.01,0.98,0.01,negative,0.01,0.38,0.61,True,English,"['21 FEBRUARY CONFERENCE CALL', 'FORVIA POST', 'Net debt / Adj. EBITDA ratio', 'Iria MONTOUTO Group Media Relations Officer', 'Marc MAILLET Group Investor Relations Director', 'Christophe MALBRANQUE Group Influence Director', 'additional c. €350 million restructuring charges', 'strong net cash flow', 'second asset disposal program', 'Additional restructuring costs', 'Chief Executive Officer', 'Chief Financial Officer', 'combined restructuring charges', 'R&D set-up', 'second disposal program', '2024 Annual Shareholders’ Meetings', 'REVERSE FACTORING PROGRAM', 'ANSWER MAIN QUESTIONS', '2024 leverage ratio guidance', 'Days Payable Outstanding', 'robust 2023 annual results', 'current POWER25 objective', 'cumulative 2026 to 2028 period', 'EBITDA improvement', 'THE EU-FORWARD PROJECT', 'before market hours', 'restructuring spending', '49 million euros', '500 million euros', 'other disposal', 'annual basis', 'FINANCIAL CALENDAR', 'cash perspective', 'cash proceeds', 'POWER25 objectives', 'The Group', 'CONFERENCE CALL', 'POWER 25 AMBITION', 'strategic priorities', 'Patrick KOLLER', 'Olivier DURAND', 'working capital', 'agent flows', '7.4 billion euros', 'consolidated sales', 'trade payables', 'consolidated accounts', 'balance sheet', 'regional operations', 'North America', 'adaptation efforts', '2024-2028 period', '2024-2025 period', 'Income statement', '2026-2028 period', 'capital increase', 'Sustainability Day', 'Q1 2024 Sales', 'Q3 2024 Sales', 'PRESS ANALYSTS/INVESTORS', 'limited restructurings', 'Paris time', 'total amount', 'H1 2024 Results', 'deleveraging priority', '100 days', '2023 results', '2024 GUIDANCE', 'NANTERRE', 'FRANCE', 'FEBRUARY', 'FORVIA', 'line', 'capability', 'continuation', '3pm', 'Company', 'management', 'details', 'announcement', 'value', '2023 level', 'contribution', 'inventories', 'implementation', 'DPO', 'calculation', 'monoliths', 'purchases', 'IFRS15', 'receivables', 'Note', 'use', 'initiative', 'suppliers', 'amounts', 'industrial', 'Europe', 'competitiveness', 'Asia', 'savings', 'HELLA', 'stake', 'BHTC', 'closing', 'March', 'April', 'May', 'October', '2022']",2024-02-22,2024-02-23,marketscreener.com
36561,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2024/02/22/2833299/0/en/Van-Lanschot-Kempen-net-profit-125-2-million-with-net-AuM-inflows-at-5-3-billion-in-2023.html,Van Lanschot Kempen: net profit €125.2 million  with net AuM inflows at €5.3 billion in 2023,Amsterdam/’s-Hertogenbosch  the Netherlands  22 February 2024    Net profit increased to €125.2 million (2022: €84.3 million)  mainly on higher...,Amsterdam/’s-Hertogenbosch  the Netherlands  22 February 2024Net profit increased to €125.2 million (2022: €84.3 million)  mainly on higher commission income  interest income and a book profit on the sale of a stake in the portfolio of participating interestsNet AuM inflows: €5.3 billion  of which Private Clients €2.3 billion and Wholesale & Institutional Clients €3.1 billionClient assets: €145.0 billion (2022: €124.2 billion) and AuM: €127.6 billion (2022: €107.8 billion)Strong capital ratio of 19.6% (2022: 20.6%)  well above 17.5% target2023 dividend proposal: €2.00 per share (2022: €1.75 per share)Investor Day on 20 June 2024: update on wealth management strategy and financial targetsMaarten Edixhoven  Chair of the Management Board  said: “2023 was a good year for Van Lanschot Kempen  with strong net profit and more than 18% growth in assets under management (AuM). As well as a positive market performance  this reflected new assets entrusted to us by both existing and new clients  and the disciplined execution of our M&A strategy.“The year was marked by geopolitical tensions  climate change impacts and economic developments that had a major effect on consumers  investors  entrepreneurs and society at large. Equity markets were volatile due to monetary tightening by central banks  but saw a strong end to the year. Against this backdrop  our clients sought solutions and advice to help them stay on course for the long-term. Fixed income returned as an attractive asset class  while interest in alternative investment solutions remained strong – an area in which impact is increasingly becoming a third variable alongside risk and return.“Private Clients reported strong results in the Netherlands  Belgium and Switzerland  recording net AuM inflows of €2.3 billion. In Belgium  our second home market  we achieved solid growth  a major feat by all colleagues who were meanwhile also working hard towards the launch of Mercier Van Lanschot on 1 January 2024. This completed the integration of Mercier Vanderlinden and Van Lanschot Belgium. The integration of Robeco’s online investment platform and Evi van Lanschot is likewise proceeding smoothly.“Our other two client segments reported negative results. Within Wholesale & Institutional Clients we took additional measures focused on profitable growth and cost discipline. Net inflows in this segment were €3.1 billion  mainly generated in the final quarter of the year. Coupled with rising stock markets  this created a good starting point for 2024. Investment Banking Clients experienced a challenging climate for transactions in 2023 due to rising interest rates  whereas the demand for debt advisory services remained strong. This client segment also recorded an upward trend as the year progressed  particularly in capital market transactions.“We remain committed to our sustainability targets  both year-on-year and for the longer term. And we have raised our ambitions relating to our own organisation. To reduce the carbon emissions of our AuM – our main impact – and those of our mortgage portfolio  we continue to engage with our clients and the companies we invest in.”I’m looking forward to giving an update on our independent wealth management strategy during our Investor Day in June. Our results clearly demonstrate that we delivered on this consistently in 2023  with a focus on scalable growth while preserving the personal approach that makes us stand out. I’m incredibly proud of all our people who make this possible each and every day  and would also like to thank our clients and shareholders for the trust that  once again  they put in us in 2023.”PERFORMANCE REPORT/PRESENTATION/WEBCASTFor a detailed discussion of Van Lanschot Kempen’s results and balance sheet  please refer to our performance report and presentation on the 2023 full-year results at vanlanschotkempen.com/results. In a conference call on 22 February at 9.00 am CET  we will discuss our 2023 full-year results in greater detail. This may be viewed live at vanlanschotkempen.com/results and played back at a later date.ADDITIONAL INFORMATIONFor additional information  go to vanlanschotkempen.com/financial.FINANCIAL CALENDAR30 April 2024 Publication of first-quarter 2024 trading update23 May 2024 Annual General Meeting (AGM)27 May 2024 Ex-dividend date4 June 2024 2023 dividend payment date20 June 2024 Investor Day22 August 2024 Publication of 2024 half-year results1 November 2024 Publication of third-quarter 2024 trading updateMedia RelationsMaud van GaalT +31 20 354 45 85mediarelations@vanlanschotkempen.comInvestor RelationsJudith van TolT +31 20 354 45 90investorrelations@vanlanschotkempen.comAbout Van Lanschot KempenVan Lanschot Kempen is an independent  specialist wealth manager active in private banking  investment management and investment banking  with the aim of preserving and creating wealth  in a sustainable way  for both its clients and the society of which it is part. Through our long-term focus  we create positive financial and nonfinancial value. Listed at Euronext Amsterdam  Van Lanschot Kempen is the Netherlands’ oldest independent financial services company  with a history dating back to 1737.For more information  please visit vanlanschotkempen.comImportant legal information and cautionary note on forward-looking statementsThis press release may contain forward-looking statements and targets on future events and developments. These forward-looking statements and targets are based on the current insights  information and assumptions of Van Lanschot Kempen’s management about known and unknown risks  developments and uncertainties. Forward-looking statements and targets do not relate strictly to historical or current facts and are subject to such risks  developments and uncertainties which by their very nature fall outside the control of Van Lanschot Kempen and its management. Actual results  performances and circumstances may differ considerably from these forward-looking statements and targets.Van Lanschot Kempen cautions that forward-looking statements and targets in this press release are only valid on the specific dates on which they are expressed  and accepts no responsibility or obligation to revise or update any information  whether as a result of new information or for any other reason.Van Lanschot Kempen’s annual accounts are prepared in accordance with International Financial Reporting Standards  as adopted by the European Union (“IFRS-EU”). In preparing the financial information in this press release  except as described otherwise  the same accounting principles are applied as in the 2022 Van Lanschot Kempen consolidated annual accounts. The figures in this press release have not been audited. Small differences are possible in the tables due to rounding. Percentages are calculated based on unrounded figures.This press release does not constitute an offer or solicitation for the sale  purchase or acquisition in any other way or subscription to any financial instrument and is not a recommendation to perform or refrain from performing any action.Elements of this press release contain information about Van Lanschot Kempen NV within the meaning of Article 7(1) to (4) of EU Regulation No. 596/2014.This press release is a translation of the Dutch language original and is provided as a courtesy only. In the event of any disparities  the Dutch language version will prevail. No rights can be derived from any translation thereof.Attachment,neutral,0.03,0.96,0.01,mixed,0.68,0.2,0.12,True,English,"['Van Lanschot Kempen', 'net AuM inflows', 'net profit', 'third-quarter 2024 trading update Media Relations', 'Judith van Tol T', 'independent, specialist wealth manager', 'other two client segments', '23 May 2024 Annual General Meeting', 'independent wealth management strategy', 'first-quarter 2024 trading update', 'M&A strategy', 'attractive asset class', 'second home market', 'debt advisory services', 'Maud van Gaal', 'Van Lanschot Kempen', 'Evi van Lanschot', 'online investment platform', 'Strong capital ratio', 'climate change impacts', 'rising stock markets', 'good starting point', 'Mercier Van Lanschot', 'higher commission income', 'rising interest rates', 'capital market transactions', 'positive market performance', 'alternative investment solutions', 'dividend payment date', 'strong net profit', 'Net AuM inflows', 'Investment Banking Clients', '20 June 2024 Investor Day', 'Investor Relations', 'Net inflows', 'investment management', '2023 dividend proposal', 'Equity markets', 'strong end', 'Mercier Vanderlinden', 'challenging climate', 'positive financial', 'Management Board', 'interest income', 'book profit', 'Fixed income', 'PERFORMANCE REPORT/PRESENTATION', 'private banking', 'Client assets', 'strong results', 'participating interests', 'financial targets', 'Maarten Edixhoven', 'disciplined execution', 'geopolitical tensions', 'economic developments', 'major effect', 'monetary tightening', 'central banks', 'third variable', 'major feat', 'additional measures', 'cost discipline', 'final quarter', 'upward trend', 'sustainability targets', 'longer term', 'carbon emissions', 'personal approach', 'detailed discussion', 'balance sheet', 'conference call', 'greater detail', 'ADDITIONAL INFORMATION', 'FINANCIAL CALENDAR', 'Ex-dividend date', 'sustainable way', 'nonfinancial value', 'solid growth', 'profitable growth', 'scalable growth', 'Private Clients', 'Institutional Clients', 'new clients', 'good year', 'new assets', 'negative results', '2023 full-year results', '2024 half-year results', 'main impact', 'mortgage portfolio', 'long-term focus', '27 May 2024', '18% growth', '4 June', 'Amsterdam', 'Hertogenbosch', 'Netherlands', '22 February', 'sale', 'stake', '17.5% target', 'share', 'Chair', 'existing', 'consumers', 'investors', 'entrepreneurs', 'society', 'backdrop', 'advice', 'course', 'area', 'risk', 'return', 'Belgium', 'Switzerland', 'colleagues', 'launch', '1 January', 'integration', 'Robeco', 'demand', 'ambitions', 'organisation', 'companies', 'people', 'trust', 'WEBCAST', 'vanlanschotkempen', 'CET', '30 April', 'Publication', 'AGM', 'August', '1 November 2024', 'mediarelations', 'investorrelations', 'aim', '9.00']",2024-02-22,2024-02-23,globenewswire.com
36562,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2024/02/22/2833278/0/en/VGP-NV-Full-Year-Results-2023.html,VGP NV: Full Year Results 2023,Regulated Information - Inside Information   22 February 2024  7:00am  Antwerp  Belgium: VGP NV (‘VGP’ or ‘the Group’)  a European provider of...,Regulated Information - Inside Information22 February 2024  7:00am  Antwerp  Belgium: VGP NV (‘VGP’ or ‘the Group’)  a European provider of high-quality logistics and semi-industrial real estate  today announces the results for the year ended 31 December 2023:A net profit of € 87.3 million   an increase of € 209.8 million versus FY ‘22. Executed three joint venture closings resulting in a strong net cash recycling of € 676.2 million . All transactions  including those that are committed to close in ’24 have been realized or agreed at a premium versus the recognized fair value at year-end ’22  resulting in a realized gain of € 59 million in ’23 on the effectuated transactions. Established two new joint ventures with Deka and Areim for a total gross asset value of over € 2.6 billion . Together with two closings with Allianz in H1 ’23  VGP has transacted and/or secured a future pipeline of transactions of € 3 billion gross asset value . Upcoming closings in ’24 expect to recycle minimum € 525 million of gross proceeds at pre-agreed pricing. € 69.5 million of new and renewed leases signed year-to-date bringing the annualized committed leases at year-end to € 350.8 million 1 (+ € 47.6 million compared to 31 December 2022  which is +16% y-o-y ). 1 933 000 m² of new development land acquired 2 and 1 324 000 m² of development land deployed to support the developments started up during the year. Total secured land bank stands at 9.4 million 3 m² at the end of 2023 representing a development potential of over 4.3 million m². Pro forma today’s announced sale of LPM in ‘24  the total secured land bank lowers to 8.6 million m 2 . Total acquisitions represent a capex of € 212.4 million and include the purchase of some iconic land plots in the vicinity of Paris and Frankfurt. 24 projects delivered during the year representing 641 000 m²  or € 42.3 million in additional annual rent (of which 12 projects totalling 330 000 m² delivered during the 2H 2023)  currently 100% let. As a result  net rental income  on a look through basis 4   grew 48%  from € 107.4 million to € 159.1 million  knowing that at year-end € 304 million (€ +66 million y.o.y)  or € 194.3 million on a proportional look through basis  has become cash generative. 26 projects under construction representing 774 000 m² (of which 23 projects totalling 600 000 m² started up during the year) and € 51.9 million in additional annual rent once fully built and let. The pipeline under construction is 77.3% pre-let . Pre-let ratio lowered as a result of certain speculative assets that initiated construction in Q4 ’23 following amongst others a decline in construction costs. Property portfolio 5 virtually fully let with occupancy at 99% (compared to 99 % as at 31 December 2022). 75.9 % of the completed portfolio is certified  amongst other a DGNB Platinum has been awarded for VGP Park Laatzen  the first German property developed and owned by a developer. Photovoltaic (PV) capacity grew 79.9% YoY with operational capacity passing the 100 MWp-mark at 101.8 MWp (vs. 56.6MWp in Dec-22). 69.0 MWp PV projects under development and a further 99.7 MWp being planned. The ongoing transition to green energy consumption in our buildings  as well as other eco-efficiency measures contributed to the four-star GRESB developer rating  the second highest among peers in the European logistics segment. Solid balance sheet with € 400 million undrawn credit facility availability and lower debts of € 375 million following repayment of two bonds in April and September. Finally  VGP was able to obtain a credit facility of the European Investment Bank of € 150 million to support its renewable energy business unit. As per 5 February 2024  VGP has drawn € 135 million of the facility at an interest rate of 4.15% on a ten-year period. Certain important events occurred after the balance sheet date. It concerns the sale of VGP’s stake in the LPM Joint Venture in Q1 ’24  whereby VGP recycled approximately € 170 million of gross proceeds. VGP also acquired its First Danish land plot located in Vejle. The board of directors proposes an ordinary dividend of € 80.5 million (+ 7.3% versus last year)  as well as an extraordinary € 20.5 million top-up following the record net cash recycling with the existing and new Joint Ventures in ‘23. This brings the total annual gross dividend to € 101 million  or € 3.70 per share.For the full detail of the results please see the attachted press release.KEY FINANCIAL METRICSOperations and results FY 2023 FY 2022 Change (%) Committed annualized rental income (€mm) 350.8 303.2 +15.7% IFRS Operating profit (€mm) 118.8 (115.6) n.a. IFRS net profit (€mm) 87.3 (122.5) n.a. IFRS earnings per share (€ per share) 3.20 (5.49) n.a.Portfolio and balance sheet Dec 23 Dec 22 Change (%) Portfolio value  including joint venture at 100% (€mm) 7 194 6 443 +11.7% Portfolio value  including joint venture at share (€mm) 4 828 4 605 +4.8% Occupancy ratio of standing portfolio (%) 98.9 98.9 0.0% EPRA NTA per share (€ per share)1 83.10 84.35 -1.5% IFRS NAV per share (€ per share) 81.14 80.69 +0.6% Net financial debt (€mm) 1 778 1 669 +6.5% Gearing2(%) 40.3% 34.4% +17.2%1 See note 10.22 Calculated as Net debt / Total equity and liabilitiesWEBCAST FOR INVESTORS AND ANALYSTSVGP will host a webcast at 10:30 (CET) on 22 February 2024Webcast link:https://channel.royalcast.com/landingpage/vgp/20240222_1/Click on the link above to attend the presentation from your laptop  tablet or mobile device. The webcast will stream through your selected device. Please join the event webcast 5-10 minutes prior to the start timeA presentation will be available on VGP website:https://www.vgpparks.eu/en/investors/publications/CONTACT DETAILS FOR INVESTORS AND MEDIA ENQUIRIESInvestor RelationsTel: +32 (0)3 289 1433investor.relations@vgpparks.eu Karen Huybrechts (Head of Marketing) Tel: +32 (0)3 289 1432ABOUT VGPVGP is a pan-European owner  manager and developer of high-quality logistics and semi-industrial properties as well as a provider of renewable energy solutions. VGP has a fully integrated business model with extensive expertise and many years of experience along the entire value chain. VGP was founded in 1998 as a family-owned Belgian property developer in the Czech Republic and today operates with around 368 full-time employees in 17 European countries directly and through several 50:50 joint ventures. In December 2023  the gross asset value of VGP  including the 100% joint ventures  amounted to € 7.19 billion and the company had a net asset value (EPRA NTA) of € 2.3 billion. VGP is listed on Euronext Brussels (ISIN: BE0003878957).For more information  please visit: https://www.vgpparks.euForward-looking statements: This press release may contain forward-looking statements. Such statements reflect the current views of management regarding future events  and involve known and unknown risks  uncertainties and other factors that may cause actual results to be materially different from any future results  performance or achievements expressed or implied by such forward-looking statements. VGP is providing the information in this press release as of this date and does not undertake any obligation to update any forward-looking statements contained in this press release considering new information  future events or otherwise. The information in this announcement does not constitute an offer to sell or an invitation to buy securities in VGP or an invitation or inducement to engage in any other investment activities. VGP disclaims any liability for statements made or published by third parties and does not undertake any obligation to correct inaccurate data  information  conclusions or opinions published by third parties in relation to this or any other press release issued by VGP.1 Including Joint Ventures at 100%. As at 31 December 2023 the annualized committed leases of the Joint Ventures stood at € 225.1 million.2 Including Development Joint Ventures at 100%3 Includes 720 000 m2 of land sold in LPM Joint Venture4 Refer to “supplementary notes”  income statement proportionally consolidated5 Including Joint Ventures at 100%Attachment,neutral,0.01,0.98,0.0,negative,0.05,0.32,0.63,True,English,"['Full Year Results', 'VGP NV', '400 million undrawn credit facility availability', 'renewable energy business unit', 'strong net cash recycling', 'record net cash recycling', 'four-star GRESB developer rating', 'First Danish land plot', '€ 3 billion gross asset value', 'total gross asset value', 'Total secured land bank', 'total annual gross dividend', 'three joint venture closings', 'two new joint ventures', 'green energy consumption', 'additional annual rent', 'net rental income', 'semi-industrial real estate', 'iconic land plots', 'first German property', 'other eco-efficiency measures', 'KEY FINANCIAL METRICS', 'European Investment Bank', 'Photovoltaic (PV) capacity', 'extraordinary € 20.5 million top-up', 'Solid balance sheet', 'European logistics segment', 'IFRS net profit', 'annualized rental income', 'IFRS Operating profit', 'new development land', 'LPM Joint Venture', 'VGP Park Laatzen', 'balance sheet date', '69.0 MWp PV projects', 'two closings', 'gross proceeds', 'Total acquisitions', 'ordinary dividend', 'fair value', 'European provider', 'Upcoming closings', 'two bonds', 'high-quality logistics', 'operational capacity', 'Portfolio value', 'IFRS earnings', 'Property portfolio', 'Regulated Information', 'Inside Information', 'realized gain', 'agreed pricing', 'development potential', 'Pro forma', 'Pre-let ratio', 'speculative assets', 'DGNB Platinum', 'ongoing transition', 'lower debts', 'interest rate', 'ten-year period', 'important events', 'full detail', 'press release', 'EPRA NTA', 'standing portfolio', 'future pipeline', 'proportional look', 'Occupancy ratio', 'VGP NV', 'construction costs', 'last year', 'FY 2022 Change', 'results FY', '4.3 million', '6 million', '100 MWp', '101.8 MWp', '99.7 MWp', '24 projects', '12 projects', '26 projects', '23 projects', 'February', 'Antwerp', 'Belgium', 'Group', 'increase', 'transactions', 'premium', 'year-end', 'Deka', 'Areim', 'Allianz', 'H1', 'minimum €', 'leases', '31 December', '1,933,000 m²', '1,324,000 m²', 'developments', 'sale', 'capex', 'purchase', 'vicinity', 'Paris', 'Frankfurt', '641,000 m', '330,000 m²', '2H', 'basis', '774,000 m²', '600,000 m²', 'Q4', 'others', 'decline', 'mark', 'Dec-22', 'buildings', 'peers', 'repayment', 'April', 'September', 'stake', 'Q1', 'Vejle', 'board', 'directors', 'existing', 'share', 'Operations', 'NAV', '9.4']",2024-02-22,2024-02-23,globenewswire.com
36563,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/VGP-NV-418007/news/VGP-NV-Full-Year-Results-2023-46003951/,VGP NV: Full Year Results 2023 -February 22  2024 at 01:02 am EST,(marketscreener.com) Regulated Information - Inside Information 22 February 2024  7:00am  Antwerp  Belgium: VGP NV   a European provider of high-quality logistics and semi-industrial real estate  today announces the results for the year ended 31 December 2023…,Regulated Information - Inside Information22 February 2024  7:00am  Antwerp  Belgium: VGP NV (‘VGP’ or ‘the Group’)  a European provider of high-quality logistics and semi-industrial real estate  today announces the results for the year ended 31 December 2023:A net profit of € 87.3 million   an increase of € 209.8 million versus FY ‘22. Executed three joint venture closings resulting in a strong net cash recycling of € 676.2 million . All transactions  including those that are committed to close in ’24 have been realized or agreed at a premium versus the recognized fair value at year-end ’22  resulting in a realized gain of € 59 million in ’23 on the effectuated transactions. Established two new joint ventures with Deka and Areim for a total gross asset value of over € 2.6 billion . Together with two closings with Allianz in H1 ’23  VGP has transacted and/or secured a future pipeline of transactions of € 3 billion gross asset value . Upcoming closings in ’24 expect to recycle minimum € 525 million of gross proceeds at pre-agreed pricing. € 69.5 million of new and renewed leases signed year-to-date bringing the annualized committed leases at year-end to € 350.8 million 1 (+ € 47.6 million compared to 31 December 2022  which is +16% y-o-y ). 1 933 000 m² of new development land acquired 2 and 1 324 000 m² of development land deployed to support the developments started up during the year. Total secured land bank stands at 9.4 million 3 m² at the end of 2023 representing a development potential of over 4.3 million m². Pro forma today’s announced sale of LPM in ‘24  the total secured land bank lowers to 8.6 million m 2 . Total acquisitions represent a capex of € 212.4 million and include the purchase of some iconic land plots in the vicinity of Paris and Frankfurt. 24 projects delivered during the year representing 641 000 m²  or € 42.3 million in additional annual rent (of which 12 projects totalling 330 000 m² delivered during the 2H 2023)  currently 100% let. As a result  net rental income  on a look through basis 4   grew 48%  from € 107.4 million to € 159.1 million  knowing that at year-end € 304 million (€ +66 million y.o.y)  or € 194.3 million on a proportional look through basis  has become cash generative. 26 projects under construction representing 774 000 m² (of which 23 projects totalling 600 000 m² started up during the year) and € 51.9 million in additional annual rent once fully built and let. The pipeline under construction is 77.3% pre-let . Pre-let ratio lowered as a result of certain speculative assets that initiated construction in Q4 ’23 following amongst others a decline in construction costs. Property portfolio 5 virtually fully let with occupancy at 99% (compared to 99 % as at 31 December 2022). 75.9 % of the completed portfolio is certified  amongst other a DGNB Platinum has been awarded for VGP Park Laatzen  the first German property developed and owned by a developer. Photovoltaic (PV) capacity grew 79.9% YoY with operational capacity passing the 100 MWp-mark at 101.8 MWp (vs. 56.6MWp in Dec-22). 69.0 MWp PV projects under development and a further 99.7 MWp being planned. The ongoing transition to green energy consumption in our buildings  as well as other eco-efficiency measures contributed to the four-star GRESB developer rating  the second highest among peers in the European logistics segment. Solid balance sheet with € 400 million undrawn credit facility availability and lower debts of € 375 million following repayment of two bonds in April and September. Finally  VGP was able to obtain a credit facility of the European Investment Bank of € 150 million to support its renewable energy business unit. As per 5 February 2024  VGP has drawn € 135 million of the facility at an interest rate of 4.15% on a ten-year period. Certain important events occurred after the balance sheet date. It concerns the sale of VGP’s stake in the LPM Joint Venture in Q1 ’24  whereby VGP recycled approximately € 170 million of gross proceeds. VGP also acquired its First Danish land plot located in Vejle. The board of directors proposes an ordinary dividend of € 80.5 million (+ 7.3% versus last year)  as well as an extraordinary € 20.5 million top-up following the record net cash recycling with the existing and new Joint Ventures in ‘23. This brings the total annual gross dividend to € 101 million  or € 3.70 per share.For the full detail of the results please see the attachted press release.KEY FINANCIAL METRICSOperations and results FY 2023 FY 2022 Change (%) Committed annualized rental income (€mm) 350.8 303.2 +15.7% IFRS Operating profit (€mm) 118.8 (115.6) n.a. IFRS net profit (€mm) 87.3 (122.5) n.a. IFRS earnings per share (€ per share) 3.20 (5.49) n.a.Portfolio and balance sheet Dec 23 Dec 22 Change (%) Portfolio value  including joint venture at 100% (€mm) 7 194 6 443 +11.7% Portfolio value  including joint venture at share (€mm) 4 828 4 605 +4.8% Occupancy ratio of standing portfolio (%) 98.9 98.9 0.0% EPRA NTA per share (€ per share)1 83.10 84.35 -1.5% IFRS NAV per share (€ per share) 81.14 80.69 +0.6% Net financial debt (€mm) 1 778 1 669 +6.5% Gearing2(%) 40.3% 34.4% +17.2%1 See note 10.22 Calculated as Net debt / Total equity and liabilitiesWEBCAST FOR INVESTORS AND ANALYSTSVGP will host a webcast at 10:30 (CET) on 22 February 2024Webcast link:https://channel.royalcast.com/landingpage/vgp/20240222_1/Click on the link above to attend the presentation from your laptop  tablet or mobile device. The webcast will stream through your selected device. Please join the event webcast 5-10 minutes prior to the start timeA presentation will be available on VGP website:https://www.vgpparks.eu/en/investors/publications/CONTACT DETAILS FOR INVESTORS AND MEDIA ENQUIRIESInvestor RelationsTel: +32 (0)3 289 1433investor.relations@vgpparks.eu Karen Huybrechts (Head of Marketing) Tel: +32 (0)3 289 1432ABOUT VGPVGP is a pan-European owner  manager and developer of high-quality logistics and semi-industrial properties as well as a provider of renewable energy solutions. VGP has a fully integrated business model with extensive expertise and many years of experience along the entire value chain. VGP was founded in 1998 as a family-owned Belgian property developer in the Czech Republic and today operates with around 368 full-time employees in 17 European countries directly and through several 50:50 joint ventures. In December 2023  the gross asset value of VGP  including the 100% joint ventures  amounted to € 7.19 billion and the company had a net asset value (EPRA NTA) of € 2.3 billion. VGP is listed on Euronext Brussels (ISIN: BE0003878957).For more information  please visit: https://www.vgpparks.euForward-looking statements: This press release may contain forward-looking statements. Such statements reflect the current views of management regarding future events  and involve known and unknown risks  uncertainties and other factors that may cause actual results to be materially different from any future results  performance or achievements expressed or implied by such forward-looking statements. VGP is providing the information in this press release as of this date and does not undertake any obligation to update any forward-looking statements contained in this press release considering new information  future events or otherwise. The information in this announcement does not constitute an offer to sell or an invitation to buy securities in VGP or an invitation or inducement to engage in any other investment activities. VGP disclaims any liability for statements made or published by third parties and does not undertake any obligation to correct inaccurate data  information  conclusions or opinions published by third parties in relation to this or any other press release issued by VGP.1 Including Joint Ventures at 100%. As at 31 December 2023 the annualized committed leases of the Joint Ventures stood at € 225.1 million.2 Including Development Joint Ventures at 100%3 Includes 720 000 m2 of land sold in LPM Joint Venture4 Refer to “supplementary notes”  income statement proportionally consolidated5 Including Joint Ventures at 100%Attachment,neutral,0.02,0.98,0.01,negative,0.05,0.32,0.63,True,English,"['Full Year Results', 'VGP NV', 'February', '01', '02', '400 million undrawn credit facility availability', 'renewable energy business unit', 'strong net cash recycling', 'record net cash recycling', 'four-star GRESB developer rating', 'First Danish land plot', '€ 3 billion gross asset value', 'total gross asset value', 'Total secured land bank', 'total annual gross dividend', 'three joint venture closings', 'two new joint ventures', 'green energy consumption', 'additional annual rent', 'net rental income', 'semi-industrial real estate', 'iconic land plots', 'first German property', 'other eco-efficiency measures', 'KEY FINANCIAL METRICS', 'European Investment Bank', 'Photovoltaic (PV) capacity', 'extraordinary € 20.5 million top-up', 'Solid balance sheet', 'European logistics segment', 'IFRS net profit', 'annualized rental income', 'IFRS Operating profit', 'new development land', 'LPM Joint Venture', 'VGP Park Laatzen', 'balance sheet date', '69.0 MWp PV projects', 'two closings', 'gross proceeds', 'Total acquisitions', 'ordinary dividend', 'fair value', 'European provider', 'Upcoming closings', 'two bonds', 'high-quality logistics', 'operational capacity', 'Portfolio value', 'IFRS earnings', 'Property portfolio', 'Regulated Information', 'Inside Information', 'realized gain', 'agreed pricing', 'development potential', 'Pro forma', 'Pre-let ratio', 'speculative assets', 'DGNB Platinum', 'ongoing transition', 'lower debts', 'interest rate', 'ten-year period', 'important events', 'full detail', 'press release', 'EPRA NTA', 'standing portfolio', 'future pipeline', 'proportional look', 'Occupancy ratio', 'VGP NV', 'construction costs', 'last year', 'FY 2022 Change', 'results FY', '4.3 million', '6 million', '100 MWp', '101.8 MWp', '99.7 MWp', '24 projects', '12 projects', '26 projects', '23 projects', 'February', 'Antwerp', 'Belgium', 'Group', 'increase', 'transactions', 'premium', 'year-end', 'Deka', 'Areim', 'Allianz', 'H1', 'minimum €', 'leases', '31 December', '1,933,000 m²', '1,324,000 m²', 'developments', 'sale', 'capex', 'purchase', 'vicinity', 'Paris', 'Frankfurt', '641,000 m', '330,000 m²', '2H', 'basis', '774,000 m²', '600,000 m²', 'Q4', 'others', 'decline', 'mark', 'Dec-22', 'buildings', 'peers', 'repayment', 'April', 'September', 'stake', 'Q1', 'Vejle', 'board', 'directors', 'existing', 'share', 'Operations', 'NAV', '9.4']",2024-02-22,2024-02-23,marketscreener.com
36564,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/BIOTALYS-NV-124363415/news/Biotalys-Reports-Full-Year-2023-Financial-Results-and-Business-Highlights-46003953/,Biotalys Reports Full-Year 2023 Financial Results and Business Highlights,(marketscreener.com) Press release - regulated information Realised a step change in company’s approach to product development with the move to the AGROBODY™ 2.0 technology platform Successfully closed a €7 million private placement in June at €6.166 per shar…,"Press release - regulated informationRealised a step change in company’s approach to product development with the move to the AGROBODY™ 2.0 technology platformSuccessfully closed a €7 million private placement in June at €6.166 per share  subscribed to by Agri Investment Fund and the Belgian Sovereign Wealth FundEstablished key partnerships and academic collaborations for the product pipeline and platformAnnounced results of final round of independent field trials with first candidate biofungicide EVOCA™* while progressing the regulatory review dossierYear-end cash and cash equivalents amounted to €21.6 million  higher than anticipated thanks to focus on core R&D capabilities and streamlining of the organisationManagement to host a conference call and live webcast at 15:00 CET / 14:00 GMT / 09:00 AM ET today  details belowGhent  BELGIUM  Feb. 22  2024 (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) -- – Biotalys (Euronext - BTLS)  an Agricultural Technology (AgTech) company developing protein-based biocontrols for sustainable crop protection  today announces key business achievements and consolidated financial results for 2023  prepared in accordance with IFRS as adopted by the European Union  and an outlook for 2024. The annual report  including the full financial report  will be published on the company’s website on 20 March 2024.Kevin Helash  Chief Executive Officer of Biotalys  stated: “Biotalys made significant inroads in 2023 by progressing to the second-generation of our technology platform and forging new partnerships and scientific collaborations  while carefully managing our cash position. For 2024  we plan to initiate field trials in grapes with our next pipeline program BioFun-6  building on the promising results in independent field trials with EVOCA. We will also continue to work with the competent authorities to obtain regulatory approval  further expand our product pipeline and optimise our technology platform.”Operational HighlightsThroughout 2023  Biotalys continued to cement its role of innovator in the biocontrol space and created internal efficiencies while advancing its technology platform and product development pipeline.AGROBODY 2.0 Technology Platform:Following a strategic review of the company in Q3 of 2023  the company announced a shift to the AGROBODY 2.0 platform to develop its protein-based biocontrols for crop protection. This next-generation AGROBODY technology is aimed at increasing the potency and efficacy of the company’s bioactive agents with multiple modes of action while lowering cost of goods  allowing for a broader market penetration of our biocontrol products.Partnerships:In April 2023  Biotalys entered into a strategic partnership with Syngenta to collaborate on the research  development and commercialization of a new bioinsecticide to counter the threat of pest resistance and advance sustainable agriculture.to collaborate on the research  development and commercialization of a new bioinsecticide to counter the threat of pest resistance and advance sustainable agriculture. The company also entered into various research collaborations with academic institutes to further develop the technology platform and support the pipeline programs BioFun-4 and BioFun-7.Product Validation:EVOCA  Biotalys’ first protein-based biocontrol candidate aimed at targeting botrytis bunch rot and powdery mildew in fruits and vegetables  continued to demonstrate its efficacy in extensive global field trials  both in the company’s own trial program as well as in independent academic trials in the U.S. Biotalys now considers its EVOCA field testing complete given the in-depth dossier of supporting independent data comparing its performance with conventional chemical and biological fungicide products.Pipeline Update:Now laser-focused on novel biofungicide and bioinsecticide solutions  the company refined its product pipeline in November. The status of the various programs is as follows: Biotalys continues to work with the EPA (Environmental Protection Agency) in the U.S. and the CTGB (College voor de Toelating van Gewasbeschermingsmiddelen en Biociden) in Europe on EVOCA’s regulatory review. Pending the decision  the company continues to pave the way for its next generation of the product ( EVOCA NG )  a biofungicide program with the same bioactive as EVOCA but an optimized production process and formulation  leading to lower production costs which results in an attractive commercial potential. EVOCA NG is expected to be the company’s first margin-generating product in both the US and EU. BioFun-4   the biofungicide program targeting Phytophthora infestans  an Oomycete (water mould) that causes late blight/potato blight  a serious disease that particularly affects fruits and vegetable crops and potatoes  is proceeding. The company entered into a research collaboration with the University of Aberdeen (UK)  within which the company will sponsor a three-year PhD project in the Oomycete Laboratory of Prof. Pieter van West  Chair in Mycology  a leader in the field  to deepen its expertise in Oomycetes on the molecular level. This fits well with Biotalys’ highly targeted strategy as the core of its AGROBODY™ 2.0 technology platform. BioFun-6  the biofungicide program targeting botrytis  powdery mildew and anthracnose in fruits and vegetables  is in the final stages of discovery and lead molecules are expected to be tested in field trials in the course of 2024. BioFun-7  the biofungicide program in collaboration with the Bill & Melinda Gates Foundation  targeting leafspot disease in cowpeas and other legumes  is advancing and supported by new academic collaborations with the Instituto Superior de Agronomia (Dr. Filipa Monteiro and Prof. Dora Batista) at the University of Lisbon (Portugal)  and the lab of Prof. Ioannis Stergiopoulos at the University of California-Davis (US). BioIns-2  the bioinsecticide program in collaboration with Syngenta Crop Protection  targeting key pests  is advancing as planned.in November. The status of the various programs is as follows:Leadership Updates:Kevin Helash officially commenced his new role as Chief Executive Officer of Biotalys in October. A results-driven executive with more than 30 years of international experience in commercializing breakthrough technologies in the agricultural industry on a global scale  he immediately began implementing organizational efficiencies to accelerate Biotalys’ growth.in October. A results-driven executive with more than 30 years of international experience in commercializing breakthrough technologies in the agricultural industry on a global scale  he immediately began implementing organizational efficiencies to accelerate Biotalys’ growth. Douglas Minder was officially promoted to CFO in July while Chief Science Officer Dr. Carlo Boutton now drives all research and early development   and Dr. Eva Van Hende heads regulatory  sustainability and field development.while   and Dr. Eva Van Hende heads regulatory  sustainability and field development. Following a private placement in June 2023  Agri Investment Fund BV (A.I.F.) joined the Biotalys Board of Directors  via its representative Patrik Haesen   Chief Executive Officer of A.I.F..Outlook for 2024With its focus now squarely on advancing the second-generation technology platform  AGROBODY 2.0  Biotalys will continue to concentrate resources on core R&D capabilities  as well as on obtaining registration for its first product candidate EVOCA.Pending the regulatory decision for EVOCA  the company will continue the development of EVOCA NG which is set out to be the first margin-generating product for the company.Building on its successful field trial program  Biotalys plans to initiate field trials in grapes for BioFun-6 in the course of 2024.The company will progress its pipeline programs and expects to initiate a new R&D biofungicide program for a new pathogen in the first half of 2024.Together with the cash and cash equivalents balance of €21.6 million at the end of 2023  the company expects the financial runway to extend until the end of April 2025 without considering any additional financing through equity  newly awarded grants  partnerships or other sources of financing.Special Shareholders MeetingAt the board meeting dated 21 February 2024  the board established that based on the non-consolidated Belgian GAAP financial statements for the period ending 31 December 2023  the net assets of the Company (€22 751 230.29) dropped below half of the corporate capital of the Company (€46 198 455.95) triggering the procedure under article 7:228 of the Belgian Code on Companies and Associations (“BCCA”). In accordance therewith  the Board will convene a special shareholders meeting on March 29  2024 and propose to the shareholders the continuation of the activities of the Company. The convening notice and the related documentation including the special board report as required under article 7:228 BCCA will become available on the website of the Company in the next few days. At the occasion of this special shareholders meeting  the board will also propose the confirmation of the nomination of Mr. Kevin Helash as director of the Company.Detailed financial review for 2023In € thousand 2023 2022 Other operating income 2 611 2 949 Research and development expenses (16 608) (18 813) General and administration expenses (5 708) (5 081) Marketing expenses (1 186) (1 586) Operating loss (20 891) (22 531) Financial income 939 320 Financial expenses (502) (557) Loss before taxes (20 454) (22 769) Income taxes (56) 38 Loss for the period (20 510) (22 731) Remeasurement gains (losses) on defined benefit plans (29) (43) Exchange differences on translating foreign operations (7) 4 Total comprehensive loss for the period (20 545) (22 770) Basic and diluted loss per share (in EUR) (0.65) (0.74) Profit/(loss) for the period attributable to the owners of the company (20 510) (22 731) Total comprehensive income for the period attributable to the owners of the company (20 545) (22 770) Cash and cash equivalents 21 570 34 096 Net increase (decrease) in cash and cash equivalents (12 521) (22 017)Consolidated statements of profit and lossOther operating income amounted to €2.6 million and relates to R&D tax incentives received and grants awarded to support R&D activities. Income from the grant from the Bill & Melinda Gates Foundation increased by €0.3 million. R&D tax incentives remained at €0.7 million  while income from government grants decreased by €0.6 million compared to 2022 as several of these funded projects are coming to an end.amounted to €2.6 million and relates to R&D tax incentives received and grants awarded to support R&D activities. Income from the grant from the Bill & Melinda Gates Foundation increased by €0.3 million. R&D tax incentives remained at €0.7 million  while income from government grants decreased by €0.6 million compared to 2022 as several of these funded projects are coming to an end. Research and development expenses amounted to €16.6 million for 2023  a decrease of €2.2 million compared to 2022  mainly caused by a reduction of external spending for the production of EVOCA and for other collaborations  combined with a reduced number of field trials for product testing.amounted to €16.6 million for 2023  a decrease of €2.2 million compared to 2022  mainly caused by a reduction of external spending for the production of EVOCA and for other collaborations  combined with a reduced number of field trials for product testing. General and administrative expenses amounted to €5.7 million for 2023  compared to €5.1 million in 2022. This increase is partly driven by one-time costs in relation to the implemented changes in the organisation.amounted to €5.7 million for 2023  compared to €5.1 million in 2022. This increase is partly driven by one-time costs in relation to the implemented changes in the organisation. Marketing expenses decreased from €1.6 million in 2022 to €1.2 million in 2023  as a result of lower costs for the stock option program following the changes in the Marketing & Sales organisation in the second half of the year.decreased from €1.6 million in 2022 to €1.2 million in 2023  as a result of lower costs for the stock option program following the changes in the Marketing & Sales organisation in the second half of the year. Financial income amounted to €0.9 million in 2023  compared to €0.3 million in 2022  primarily due to the increased interests received on bank deposits  which were negative in 2022.amounted to €0.9 million in 2023  compared to €0.3 million in 2022  primarily due to the increased interests received on bank deposits  which were negative in 2022. Financial expenses amounted to €0.5 million and are related to interest expenses for the leases and bank loans and foreign exchange losses.amounted to €0.5 million and are related to interest expenses for the leases and bank loans and foreign exchange losses. Income taxes expenses show the impact of the reversal of a deferred tax asset related to the R&D expenses in our U.S. subsidiary.show the impact of the reversal of a deferred tax asset related to the R&D expenses in our U.S. subsidiary. Loss of the period was €20.6 million in 2023  compared to €22.8 million in 2022.was €20.6 million in 2023  compared to €22.8 million in 2022. Basic and diluted loss per share for 2023 amounted to €0.65 compared to €0.74 in 2022. The average number of shares outstanding in 2023 increased versus 2022  as a result of the capital increase in June.for 2023 amounted to €0.65 compared to €0.74 in 2022. The average number of shares outstanding in 2023 increased versus 2022  as a result of the capital increase in June. Cash and cash equivalents at year-end amounted to €21.6 million in 2023 (compared to €34.1 million in 2022)  slightly higher than expected as a result of a combination of savings in external R&D expenses and organisational changes implemented by management.Auditor StatementThe consolidated financial statements have been prepared in accordance with IFRS  as adopted by the EU. The financial information included in this press release is an extract from the full IFRS consolidated financial statements  which will be published on 20 March 2024. The statutory auditor  Deloitte Bedrijfsrevisoren /Réviseurs d’Entreprises  represented by Pieter-Jan Van Durme  has confirmed that its audit procedures  which have been substantially completed  have not revealed any material adjustment that should be made in the accounting information included in this press release.Financial calendar and upcoming IR events28 February 2024: Biotalys’ management will attend the Regenerative Food Systems Investment conference in Brussels4 March 2024: Biotalys' management will give a keynote speech at Danum Advisor’s Knowledge Day in Amsterdam dedicated to investment in biodiversity18-19 March 2024: Biotalys' management will participate at the annual ROTH MKM investor conference in California19-20 March 2024: Biotalys' management will participate at the annual World AgriTech Forum in San Francisco20 March 2024: Online publication of the Biotalys annual report for 202323 March 2024: Biotalys’ management will speak at the Flemish Retail Investor Association (VFB) Annual Happening in Antwerp29 March 2024: Special shareholders meeting16 April 2024: Biotalys will host a site visit for the investor branch of Markant  an organisation for active and entrepreneurial women  at its HQ and labs in Ghent23 April 2024: Biotalys will hold its Annual General Shareholders Meeting at its HQ in GhentLive webcast and conference callCompany management will host a live webcast in English to discuss its full year 2023 financial results and business highlights today  Thursday  22 February 2024 at 15:00 CET / 14:00 GMT / 09:00 AM ET and can be accessed via the following link: https://edge.media-server.com/mmc/p/uwteb7ve/.Dial-in details: To ask questions live to management  please register for the conference call via the following link: https://register.vevent.com/register/BIe76a08c1a0544f40a864e04bbf066d2d.A recording of the webcast will be available after the event on the Biotalys investor website: https://www.biotalys.com/investors/financial-information.* EVOCA™: Pending Registration. This product is not currently registered for sale or use in the United States  the European Union  or elsewhere and is not being offered for sale.-End-About BiotalysBiotalys is an Agricultural Technology (AgTech) company developing protein-based biocontrol solutions for the protection of crops and food and aiming to provide alternatives to conventional chemical pesticides for a more sustainable and safer food supply. Based on its novel AGROBODY™ technology platform  Biotalys is developing a strong and diverse pipeline of effective product candidates with a favorable safety profile that aim to address key crop pests and diseases across the whole value chain  from soil to plate. Biotalys was founded in 2013 as a spin-off from the VIB (Flanders Institute for Biotechnology) and has been listed on Euronext Brussels since July 2021. The company is based in the biotech cluster in Ghent  Belgium. More information can be found on www.biotalys.com.For further information  please contact:Toon Musschoot  Head of IR & CommunicationT: +32 (0)9 274 54 00E: IR@biotalys.comImportant NoticeBiotalys  its business  prospects and financial position remain exposed and subject to risks and uncertainties. A description of and reference to these risks and uncertainties can be found in the 2022 annual report on the consolidated annual accounts published on the company’s website.This announcement contains statements which are ""forward-looking statements"" or could be considered as such. These forward-looking statements can be identified by the use of forward-looking terminology  including the words ‘aim’  'believe'  'estimate'  'anticipate'  'expect'  'intend'  'may'  'will'  'plan'  'continue'  'ongoing'  'possible'  'predict'  'plans'  'target'  'seek'  'would' or 'should'  and contain statements made by the company regarding the intended results of its strategy. By their nature  forward-looking statements involve risks and uncertainties and readers are warned that none of these forward-looking statements offers any guarantee of future performance. Biotalys’ actual results may differ materially from those predicted by the forward-looking statements. Biotalys makes no undertaking whatsoever to publish updates or adjustments to these forward-looking statements  unless required to do so by law.CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF FINANCIAL POSITIONCONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF PROFIT OR LOSS AND OTHER COMPREHENSIVE INCOMEFOR THE YEARS ENDED 31 DECEMBERCONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF CHANGES IN EQUITYFOR THE YEARS ENDED 31 DECEMBERCONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF CASH FLOWSFOR THE YEARS ENDED 31 DECEMBERAttachments",neutral,0.01,0.98,0.01,mixed,0.44,0.39,0.17,True,English,"['Full-Year 2023 Financial Results', 'Business Highlights', 'Biotalys', 'core R&D capabilities', 'Belgian Sovereign Wealth Fund', 'Prof. Pieter van West', 'extensive global field trials', 'first protein-based biocontrol candidate', 'first candidate biofungicide EVOCA™', 'Agri Investment Fund', 'Toelating van Gewasbeschermingsmiddelen', '€7 million private placement', 'Chief Executive Officer', 'broader market penetration', 'botrytis bunch rot', 'attractive commercial potential', 'late blight/potato blight', 'three-year PhD project', 'first margin-generating product', 'Environmental Protection Agency', 'key business achievements', 'full financial report', 'biological fungicide products', 'lower production costs', 'independent field trials', 'next-generation AGROBODY technology', 'independent academic trials', 'consolidated financial results', 'EVOCA field testing', 'sustainable crop protection', 'AGROBODY™ 2.0 technology platform', 'AGROBODY 2.0 Technology Platform', 'regulatory review dossier', 'next pipeline program', 'various research collaborations', 'U.S. Biotalys', 'product development pipeline', 'biocontrol products', 'AGROBODY 2.0 platform', 'independent data', 'biofungicide program', 'academic collaborations', 'protein-based biocontrols', 'biocontrol space', 'annual report', 'depth dossier', 'novel biofungicide', 'various programs', 'next generation', 'production process', 'product pipeline', 'Agricultural Technology', 'scientific collaborations', 'regulatory approval', 'strategic review', 'sustainable agriculture', 'academic institutes', 'pipeline programs', 'Pipeline Update', 'trial program', 'key partnerships', 'Product Validation', 'Press release', 'regulated information', 'step change', 'final round', 'Year-end cash', 'cash equivalents', 'organisation Management', 'conference call', 'live webcast', 'GLOBE NEWSWIRE', 'European Union', 'Kevin Helash', 'significant inroads', 'cash position', 'promising results', 'competent authorities', 'Operational Highlights', 'internal efficiencies', 'bioactive agents', 'multiple modes', 'strategic partnership', 'new bioinsecticide', 'pest resistance', 'powdery mildew', 'conventional chemical', 'bioinsecticide solutions', 'College voor', 'same bioactive', 'Phytophthora infestans', 'water mould', 'serious disease', 'vegetable crops', 'EVOCA NG', 'new partnerships', 'Oomycete Laboratory', 'AgTech) company', 'approach', 'move', 'June', 'share', 'streamlining', '15:00 CET', '14:00 GMT', 'details', 'Ghent', 'BELGIUM', 'Feb.', 'Euronext', 'BTLS', 'accordance', 'IFRS', 'outlook', 'website', '20 March', 'second-generation', 'grapes', 'BioFun-6', 'role', 'innovator', 'Q3', 'shift', 'potency', 'efficacy', 'action', 'goods', 'April', 'Syngenta', 'commercialization', 'threat', 'BioFun-4', 'fruits', 'vegetables', 'performance', 'November', 'status', 'EPA', 'CTGB', 'Biociden', 'decision', 'way', 'formulation', 'potatoes', 'University', 'Aberdeen', 'UK', 'Chair', 'Mycology', 'leader', 'expertise', 'Oomycetes', '09:00']",2024-02-22,2024-02-23,marketscreener.com
36565,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/OLYMPIQUE-LYONNAIS-GROUPE-42519/news/Olympique-Lyonnais-Groupe-First-half-2023-24-results-46011511/,Olympique Lyonnais Groupe : First-half 2023/24 results -February 22  2024 at 01:20 pm EST,(marketscreener.com)  Record trading and Events activity for a 1st half-yearStrong improvement in EBITDA to €7.6 m Lyon  February 22  2024 – 7.15 pm OL Groupe's Board of Directors met on February 22  2024  to approve the interim financial statements for…,"Record trading and Events activity for a 1st half-yearStrong improvement in EBITDA to €7.6 m (+€31.4 m vs.N-1)Lyon  February 22  2024 – 7.15 pmOL Groupe's Board of Directors met on February 22  2024  to approve the interim financial statements for the 2023/24 financial year.For the first half 2023/24 (period from July 1er to December 31)  revenues had risen by +€37.1 m (+28%) to €172.0 m (€134.8 m at December 31  2022). Revenues from player trading and major events at Groupama Stadium reached record levels for a 1st half-year.EBITDA improved sharply by €31.4 m  benefiting from high capital gains on the sale of player registrations  to €7.6 m.1/ EBITDA UP SHARPLY (+€31.4 m vs N-1)In €m (from July 1er to December 31) 31/12/2023* 31/12/2022 Var. Var. 6 months 6 months in €m In % Ticketing 15.8 15.8 +0.1 +1% Media and marketing rights 17.7 37.7 -20.4 -54% Sponsoring-advertising 16.7 19.0 -2.4 -12% Brand-related revenue 11.1 11.1 - - Events 16.2 7.4 +8.7 +117% REVENUE (EXCLUDING PLAYER TRADING) 77.1 91.0 -13.9 -15% Revenus from sale of player regisrations 94.9 43.8 +51.1 +117% TOTAL REVENUE (1) 172.0 134.8 +37.1 +28% EBITDA 7.6 -23.7 +31.4 - Net depreciation  amortization and provisions -25.4 -26.2 +0.8 +3% Other ordinary income and expenses -14.8 -1.8 -13.0 - OPERATING PROFIT/LOSS -32.6 -51.8 +19.2 +37% Net financial expense -25.2 -9.5 -15.7 PRE-TAX PROFIT/LOSS -57.8 -61.3 +3.5 +6% NET PROFIT/LOSS ATTRIBUTABLE TO EQUITY HOLDERS OF THE PARENT -60.6 -60.2 -0.4 -1%(1) APM (Alternative Performance Measure) introduced on 30 June 2020 - “Total revenue” corresponds to revenue excluding player trading plus proceeds from the sale of player registrations*The half-year financial statements have been audited / have been subject to a limited review by the statutory auditors and their report is being issued.TOTAL REVENUE AS OF 12/31/2023: €172.0 M (+€37.1 M  +28%)TICKETING: €15.8 M (stable vs N-1)Ticket sales were resilient in view of the sporting results  coming in at €15.8 m  the same level as N-1  and mainly including revenues from Ligue 1 home matches  as the club will not be playing in the European Cup in 2023/24 (as last season 2022/23).MEDIA AND MARKETING RIGHTS: €17.3 M (-€20.4 M  -54%)At December 31  2022  TV rights included €16.5 m relating to the 1st instalment of the LFP/CVC[1] commercial aid (no instalment at December 31  2023).Excluding the impact of this installment registered on first-half 2022/23  TV rights fell by €3.9 m  due to the unfavorable effect of the provisional Ligue 1 ranking (15th on 31 December 2023 vs. 8th on 31 December 2022) and to the impact of the unfavorable UEFA ranking on international rights.SPONSORING - ADVERTISING: €16.7 M (-€2.4 M  -12%)Revenues from Advertising-Partnerships were adversely affected by the provisional ranking in Ligue 1 (15th)  as well as by the reduction or termination of contracts with certain partners experiencing financial difficulties.BRAND-RELATED REVENUE: €11.1 M (stable)Brand-related revenue mainly comprises derivative products  stadium refreshment stand royalties  Arena refreshment stand revenue  image and miscellaneous revenue. As of December 31  2023  Initial revenues from the LDLC Arena refreshment stands (€0.6 m) offset the slight drop in derivative products.EVENTS: €16.2 M (+€8.7 M  +117%)The Major Events business reached a record level of €12.9 m  with the Red Hot Chili Peppers concert (July 11  2023) and 5 Rugby World Cup matches in September and October 2023 at Groupama Stadium  as well as the first Events revenues from the LDLC Arena inaugurated on November 23  2023 during ASVEL's Euroleague match against Bayern.The Seminars and Tours business amounts to €3.2 m (vs. €3.4 m at December 31  2022).TRADING PLAYERS: €94.9 M (+€51.1 M  +117%)Revenue from the sale of player registrations reached a first-half record of €94.9 m  with the sale of Bradley BARCOLA to PSG (€40.5 m)  Castello LUKEBA to Leipzig (€30.0 m) and Romain FAIVRE to Bournemouth (€14.0 m)  Thiago MENDES to Al Rayyan (€4.0 m)  Abdoulaye NDIAYE to Troyes (€3.0 m)  Karl TOKO EKAMBI to Abha FC (€1.5 m)  Habib KEITA to Clermont (€1.1 m)  CAMILO to Akhmat Grozny (€0.2 m)  as well as incentives worth €0.6 m.At December 31  2022  revenue from the sale of players registrations amounted to €43.8 m  including the sale of 2 contracts for a cumulative amount of €38.1 m  as well as loan indemnities and incentives for a total of €5.7 m.EBITDA IN STRONG IMPROVEMENT TO €7.6 M (+€31.4 M vs N-1)EBITDA improved significantly  benefiting from high capital gains on the sale of player registrations (€78.3 m  vs. €31.2 m at December 31  2022)  in connection with the quality of OL Academy training and the major trading of the summer of 2023.External purchases and expenses totaled €60.0 m (€56.6 m at 12/31/22). The €3.4 m increase is mainly due to the strong Events business and the opening of the LDLC Arena at the end of November 2023. The ratio of External purchases and expenses to sales was 35%  compared with 42% in N-1.Personnel costs were virtually stable at €84.5 m. Personnel costs in the sports sector fell by -€8 m  due to the large number of player departures in the summer of 2023. Administrative personnel costs rose by +€6.3 m  reflecting the increase in headcount and salary indexation  the development of LDLC Arena operations  and one-off items linked to changes in General Management. The ratio of personnel costs to sales was 49%  compared with 64% in N-1.Other ordinary income and expenses – at -€14.8 m (-€1.8 m at 31/12/22) include a significant amount of one-off expenses (€8.2 m) linked to ongoing projects (listing in the United States  sale of OL Reign  etc …) and the sale of a majority stake in OL Féminin  as well as player loans expenses for the current season.NET PROFIT/LOSS (Group Share): -€60.6 M (-€0.4 M vs N-1)After net depreciation  amortization and provisions of €25.4 m (€2 6.2 m in N-1)  operating loss was -€32.6 m  compared with -€51.8 m at December 31  2022.Net financial expense came to €25.2 m (€9.5 m in N-1). The deterioration is mainly due to charges on receivables financing  as well as to financial charges linked to the early repayment of PGEs in relation with the debt refinancing completed in December 2023.Pre-tax loss thus came to -€57.8 m (-€61.3 m in N-1). Net loss attributable to the Group was therefore -€60.6 m  compared with -€60.2 m a year earlier.2/ BALANCE SHEET AND DEBTSimplified balance sheet*ASSETS (€m) 31/12/23 30/06/23 EQUITY & LIABILITIES (€m) 31/12/23 30/06/23 Player registrations 46.6 53.3 Equity (including minority interests) 19.0 105.4 Property  plant and equipment (incl.IFRS16) 464.7 444.3 Financial debt linked to rental obligations 140.9 117.5 Other non-current assets (incl. assets held for sale) 56.7 57.6 Other financial borrowings 412.0 341.0 TOTAL NON-CURRENT ASSETS 568.1 555.2 TOTAL FINANCIAL LIABILITIES 553.0 458.5 Deferred taxes 4.2 5.7 Provisions 7.0 3.0 Player registration receivables 21.2 22.9 Player registration payables 43.3 44.2 Other assets 184.8 123.1 Other liabilities 29.7 29.8 Treasury 47.5 34.6 Current liabilities 173.8 100.7 TOTAL ASSETS 825.8 741.5 TOTAL EQUITY & LIABILITIES 825.8 741.5* simplified presentation not in compliance with IFRSAssets linked to player registrations fell by €6.7 m  in connection with the player trading carried out during the 2023 summer mercato. At December 31  2023  the market value of the men's professional squad is estimated at €187 m[2] (€255 m at December 31  2022)  leading to an estimated level of potential capital gains of €140 m (€198 m at December 31  2022). At the end of the January 2024 mercato (as of February 2  2024)  the Transfermarkt and CIES websites value the professional squad at an average of €234 m.Property  plant and equipment increased by +€20.4 m compared with June 30  2023  to €464.7 m  mainly reflecting the completion of construction work on the LDLC Arena  which was inaugurated on November 23  2023.Shareholders' equity (including minority interests) stood at €19.0 m at December 31  2023  including the half-year deficit.Financial debt linked to rental obligations amounted to €140.9 m  up €23.5 m  reflecting the increase in CBI (Credit Bail Immobilier) debt for the LDLC Arena. Other financial debts  up €71 m  on June 30  2023  include the December 2023 refinancing (€361 m) and a financial debt (€23 m)  less the repayment of 2017 financing  Arena bonds and PGEs (€315 m).Current liabilities mounted to €173.8 m  (up +€73.1 m vs 06/30/23)  mainly due to significant deferred income on future events at Groupama Stadium and to OL Groupe's purchase of a third of the shares held by Holnest in January 2024 (€14.5 m).Net cash debt (including net receivables and payables on player registrations) stood at -€423.7 m at December 31  2023 (-€404.4 m at June 30  2023).3/ RECENT EVENTS AND OUTLOOKWith the aim of improving sporting results  the winter mercato was particularly active  with the acquisition of 5 player contracts (Lucas PERRI  ADRYELSON  Malick FOFANA  Gift ORBAN and Nemanja MATIC) for a total of over €38 m (French standards  excluding incentives). Two players also arrived on loan (Orel MANGALA and Saïd BENRAHMA). Four players have been loaned out until the end of the season (Tino KADEWERE  JEFFINHO  Mamadou SARR and Skelly ALVERO). The club's ambition for the future remains recurrent participation in the European Cup.On February 8  2024  the sale of 52.91% of the share capital and voting rights of Olympique Lyonnais Féminin SAS (""OLF"")  which owns the Olympique Lyonnais women's professional team  to Michele Kang (via its acquisition vehicle YMK Holdings  LLC) via the acquisition of a stake in OLF's share capital from Olympique Lyonnais SASU and Association Olympique Lyonnais respectively  was completed (see press release of February 8  2024).After the first two instalments (€40 m in total) linked to the LFP/CVC transaction[3]   during the 2022/23 financial year  the Group should register the 3rd and final instalment (€50 m) in 2023/24  subject to completion of the forthcoming transactions between LFP and CVC Capital Partners and allocation conditions defined by LFP.After opening on November 23  the LDLC Arena will be rolled out in 2024 with a large number of events (concerts  shows  LDLC ASVEL Euroleague matches  French basketball team matches  etc...).Groupama Stadium also boasts a rich program for the coming months  including major concerts: Taylor Swift (June 2 & 3  2024)  Rammstein (June 15  2024)  Coldplay (June 22  23 & 25  2024) as well as sporting events: a France/Germany Women's Nations League match (February 23  2024)  the France/England rugby match as part of the 6 Nations Tournament (March 16  2024)  a French soccer team match  in preparation for Euro 2024 (March 23  2024)  11 soccer matches (men's and women's) as part of the Paris 2024 Olympic Games (July and August 2024)  the opening and closing ceremonies of WorldSkills Lyon 2024 at Groupama Stadium and LDLC Arena (September 2024)  and the TOP 14 semi-finals (June 2025).In view of Eagle'plan to be listed on the New York Stock Exchange in 2024  OL Groupe's corporate name will be changed to Eagle Football Group before March 31  2024  in accordance with the decision taken at the Annual Shareholders' Meeting on December 11  2023. In this context  OL Groupe has completed (subject to the usual conditions precedent  notably linked to the financing agreements with Eagle Football and RWDM (Racing White Daring Molenbeek)  the acquisition from Eagle Football Holdings Bidco of its stake in RWDM  representing 98.68% of the capital of the Belgian club. This transaction  worth €14.5m  is a regulated agreement  previously authorized by the Board of Directors  and will be submitted to the Annual Shareholders' Meeting for approval.The initiative to sell OL Groupe's stake in OL Reign (renamed Seattle Reign FC) is progressing. An agreement should be reached once the conditions precedent (NWSL and MLS approval) have been lifted.The Group is also working on the sale of its recently inaugurated asset  the LDLC Arena  in line with its objective of refocusing on its men's football activities. Negotiations are underway with several potential buyers  and an agreement may be reached in the coming months.Phone : +33 4 81 07 55 00Fax : +33 4 81 07 45 65Email : investisseurs@ol.frwww.ol.fr Euronext Paris - compartment CIndices : CAC Small - CAC Mid & Small - CAC All–Tradable - CAC All-Share – CAC Consumer DiscretionaryCode ISIN : FR0010428771Reuters : OLG.PABloomberg : OLG FPICB : 40501030 Services de loisirs[1] Reminder: the creation of the LFP's commercial subsidiary and the acquisition of a €1.5 billion (13%) stake in it by the CVC Capital Partners investment fund were closed at the end of July 2022. The L1 and L2 governing bodies and the LFP Board of Directors have voted on the distribution of €1.13 billion to the clubs (spread over several financial years)  including a total of €90 million for Olympique Lyonnais (€16.5m in August 2022 and €23.5m registred in June 2023). Subject to the completion of future transactions between the LFP and CVC Capital Partners  the balance of €50m should be registred during the 2023/2024 financial year.[2] market value estimated by OL  based on Transfermarkt and CIES[3] Reminder: Following the creation of the LFP's commercial subsidiary and the investment fund CVC Capital Partners' acquisition of a stake in the said subsidiary in July 2022 (€1.5 billion for 13%)  the L1 and L2 colleges and the LFP Board of Directors voted to distribute €1.13 billion to the clubs (split over several financial years)  including a total allocation of €90 million to be received by Olympique Lyonnais.This publication embed ""🔒 Actusnews SECURITY MASTER "".- SECURITY MASTER Key: l2ufYJ2aYWzJlnJyl5yanGlnaZhhkmabmWPImJJsacmaa2lnyWmXbMmYZnFlmGZq- Check this key: https://www.security-master-key.com .Regulated information:Inside Information:- News release on accounts  results Full and original press release in PDF: https://www.actusnews.com/news/84314-olg-240222-cp-rs-au-31-12-23-en-vdef.pdfReceive by email the next press releases of the company by registering on www.actusnews.com   it's free© 2024 ActusNews",neutral,0.01,0.98,0.01,mixed,0.5,0.12,0.38,True,English,"['Olympique Lyonnais Groupe', 'First-half 2023/24 results', 'February', '01:20', 'Red Hot Chili Peppers concert', 'stadium refreshment stand royalties', '5 Rugby World Cup matches', 'LDLC Arena refreshment stands', 'Arena refreshment stand revenue', 'The Major Events business', 'high capital gains', 'Other ordinary income', 'Alternative Performance Measure', 'LFP/CVC[1] commercial aid', 'Karl TOKO EKAMBI', 'Ligue 1 home matches', 'interim financial statements', '2023/24 financial year', 'OL Academy training', 'unfavorable UEFA ranking', 'Net financial expense', 'half-year financial statements', 'strong Events business', 'provisional Ligue 1 ranking', 'EXCLUDING PLAYER TRADING', 'first Events revenues', 'provisional ranking', 'European Cup', 'Tours business', 'major trading', 'financial difficulties', 'Groupama Stadium', 'OL Groupe', 'first half', 'unfavorable effect', '1st half-year', 'Strong improvement', 'Net depreciation', 'NET PROFIT/LOSS', 'The Seminars', 'Events activity', 'Record trading', 'TRADING PLAYERS', 'player registrations', 'player regisrations', 'July 1er', 'record levels', 'Var. Var.', 'marketing rights', 'OPERATING PROFIT/LOSS', 'EQUITY HOLDERS', 'limited review', 'statutory auditors', 'sporting results', 'same level', 'last season', 'TV rights', 'international rights', 'derivative products', 'slight drop', 'Euroleague match', 'Bradley BARCOLA', 'Castello LUKEBA', 'Romain FAIVRE', 'Thiago MENDES', 'Al Rayyan', 'Abdoulaye NDIAYE', 'Abha FC', 'Habib KEITA', 'Akhmat Grozny', 'players registrations', 'cumulative amount', 'loan indemnities', 'External purchases', '€3.4 m increase', 'Personnel costs', 'Brand-related revenue', 'miscellaneous revenue', 'TOTAL REVENUE', 'Ticket sales', '1st instalment', 'Initial revenues', 'first-half record', '1/ EBITDA', 'Lyon', 'February', 'Board', 'Directors', 'period', 'December', 'SHARPLY', '6 months', 'Ticketing', 'Media', 'Sponsoring-advertising', 'Revenus', 'amortization', 'provisions', 'expenses', 'PARENT', 'APM', '30 June', 'proceeds', 'report', 'N-1', 'club', 'impact', 'installment', 'Advertising-Partnerships', 'reduction', 'termination', 'contracts', 'image', 'September', 'October', 'November', 'ASVEL', 'Bayern', 'PSG', 'Leipzig', 'Bournemouth', 'Troyes', 'Clermont', 'CAMILO', 'incentives', 'connection', 'quality', 'summer', 'opening', '7.15', '42']",2024-02-22,2024-02-23,marketscreener.com
36566,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2024/02/22/2834053/0/en/Galapagos-announces-full-year-2023-results-and-outlook-for-2024.html,Galapagos announces full year 2023 results and outlook for 2024,Full year 2023 key financials:   Group net revenues of €783.5 million  including Jyseleca® net sales of €112.3 million Cash and current financial......,Full year 2023 key financials :Group net revenues of €783.5 million  including Jyseleca® net sales of €112.3 millionCash and current financial investments of €3.7 billion on 31 December 2023Operational cash burni of €414.8 million  within guidance2023 and year-to-date key updates :Transferred Jyseleca® business  including approximately 400 positions  to Alfasigma S.p.A.Achieved encouraging data from ongoing Phase 1/2 studies with CD19 CAR-T product candidates  GLPG5101 in rrNHL and GLPG5201  in rrCLL  with or without RTExpanded CAR-T pipeline with start of Phase 1/2 study with BCMA CAR-T product candidate GLPG5301 in rrMMEnrolled first patients in Phase 2 study with TYK2 inhibitor  GLPG3667  in DM and SLEFor strategic reasons  it was decided not to continue development of CD19 CAR-T candidate in rSLEExpanded point-of-care CAR-T network in the U.S. with manufacturing agreements with Landmark Bio and Thermo Fisher ScientificSigned strategic research and license collaboration with BridGene Biosciences in precision oncologyParticipated in Series C financing round of US-based precision oncology company  Frontier MedicinesAppointed Thad Huston as CFO and COO  and Dr. Susanne Schaffert and Mr. Simon Sturge as Non-Executive Independent DirectorsWebcast presentation tomorrow  23 February 2024  at 14:00 CET / 8:00 am ET  www.glpg.comMechelen  Belgium; 22 February 2024  22:01 CET; regulated information – Galapagos NV (Euronext & NASDAQ: GLPG) reports full year 2023 results and provides outlook for 2024.“In 2023  we took significant steps to reposition our organization  renew our focus on value creation  and advance our efforts to bring transformational medicines to patients around the world ” said Dr. Paul Stoffels1  CEO and Chairman of the Board of Directors of Galapagos. “Following the successful transfer of the Jyseleca® business last month  we are moving forward with a streamlined portfolio and enhanced focus on our differentiated and innovative pipeline. We are determined to generate sustainable  long-term value for our shareholders  our patients  and our employees.”Dr. Stoffels continued  “We recently presented promising new data from our ongoing CD19 CAR-T programs and started the Phase 1/2 multiple myeloma BCMA CAR-T study  marking another milestone in the build-up of our oncology CAR-T portfolio. In addition  we entered into a strategic collaboration with BridGene Biosciences to advance our growing early-stage pipeline in precision oncology. As we look to the year ahead  we strive to make important progress in advancing our clinical programs  while further expanding our early-stage pipeline of small molecule programs.”Thad Huston  CFO and COO of Galapagos  concluded  “We ended 2023 with a strong financial position of €3.7 billion in cash and current financial investments. We will continue to execute on business development opportunities and invest in our pipeline to drive value for all our stakeholders.”Corporate and Operational Performance 2023Oncology portfolioGLPG5201 (CD19 CAR-T) in relapsed/refractory chronic lymphocytic leukemia (rrCLL) and Richter transformation (RT) (cut-off date: 6 September 2023) Patient recruitment of the Phase 1 dose-finding part of EUPLAGIA-1 has been completed: 15 patients were enrolled (6 at dose level 1 (DL1); and 9 at dose level 2 (DL2))  all of whom were diagnosed with rrCLL and 9 with additional RT. Presented encouraging preliminary Phase 1 data at the ASH Annual Meeting  which demonstrated clinically meaningful results in severely compromised patient populations and highlighted the potential of Galapagos’ point-of-care CAR-T manufacturing platform to deliver a fresh product with a median vein-to-vein time of only seven days.GLPG5101 (CD19 CAR-T) in relapsed/refractory non-Hodgkin lymphoma (rrNHL) (cut-off date: 1 September 2023) To further build a robust data package  patient recruitment of the Phase 1 dose-finding part of ATALANTA-1 is ongoing: 14 rrNHL patients with diffuse large B cell lymphoma  mantle cell lymphoma and indolent lymphoma were enrolled (7 at DL1 and 7 at DL2). In parallel  enrollment of the Phase 2 expansion study is ongoing  and the first 9 patients have been dosed. Presented encouraging preliminary Phase 1 and Phase 2 data at the ASH Annual Meeting  which demonstrated clinically meaningful results in severely compromised patient populations and highlighted the potential of Galapagos’ point-of-care CAR-T manufacturing platform to deliver a fresh product with a median vein-to-vein time of only seven days.GLPG5301 (BCMA CAR-T) in relapsed/refractory multiple myeloma (rrMM) First patients dosed in the PAPILIO-1 Phase 1/2 study to evaluate the safety  efficacy and feasibility of point-of-care manufactured GLPG5301 in patients with rrMM after ≥2 prior lines therapy.Continued to evolve our oncology research activities in biologics  cell therapies and small molecules to deliver best-in-class medicines for patients with high unmet medical need.Immunology portfolioJyseleca® (filgotinib) (JAK1): successfully transferred to Alfasigma S.p.A. Achieved reimbursement for both RA and UC across Western Europe. Sobi  the distribution and commercialization partner for filgotinib in Eastern and Central Europe  Portugal  Greece  and the Baltic countries  launched Jyseleca® in Poland and Slovenia in both RA and UC  and in Croatia and Greece for RA. The European Commission endorsed the recommendation of the Pharmaceutical Risk Assessment Committee (PRAC) to add safety measures for the JAK inhibitors class of medicines. Based on topline results from the Phase 3 DIVERSITY study in Crohn’s disease  a Marketing Authorization Application (MAA) was not submitted in Europe in this indication and the MAA for filgotinib in UC in Switzerland did not proceed. First patients dosed in the pivotal Phase 3 OLINGUITO study in axial spondyloarthritis (AxSpA).Pipeline programs First patients dosed in the Phase 2 GALARISSO study of novel  oral  selective tyrosine kinase 2 (TYK2) inhibitor  GLPG3667  in dermatomyositis (DM) and the Phase 2 GALACELA study in systemic lupus erythematosus (SLE). We initiated multiple small molecules programs to further build our immunology research pipeline.Corporate updateThad Huston was appointed as Chief Financial Officer (CFO) and Chief Operating Officer (COO)  succeeding Bart Filius  as of 1 July 2023.The Board of Directors appointed Dr. Susanne Schaffert and Mr. Simon Sturge as Non-Executive Independent Directors by way of cooptation  replacing respectively Dr. Rajesh Parekh and Dr. Mary Kerr  who stepped down.The Board of Directors granted 1 538 400 subscriptions rights under new subscription right plans  after acceptance by the beneficiaries.Successfully completed the integrated drug discovery collaboration transaction with NovAliX.Signed letter of intent with Alfasigma to transfer the entire Jyseleca® business to Alfasigma  including the European and UK Marketing Authorizations  as well as the commercial  medical and development activities for Jyseleca® and approximately 400 Galapagos positions in 14 European countries.Galapagos and Gilead amended the Filgotinib Agreement to terminate the existing 50/50 global development cost sharing arrangement with Galapagos bearing the costs going forward  and to terminate Galapagos’ obligation to pay tiered royalties to Gilead on net sales of Jyseleca® in Europe  in addition to other amendments.Signed an agreement with Boston-based Landmark Bio and started the technology transfer for the decentralized production of Galapagos’ CAR-T cell therapy candidates.Hosted a Key Opinion Leader event highlighting Galapagos’ decentralized manufacturing platform and the data observed in the ongoing CD19 CAR-T Phase 1/2 studies.Post-period eventsFor strategic reasons  it was decided not to continue development of our CD19 CAR-T candidate in refractory systemic lupus erythematosus (rSLE).Participated in Series C financing round of Frontier Medicines  a pioneer in precision oncology with a unique technology platform and a pipeline of potential best-in-class assets that fit with Galapagos’ precision oncology R&D approach. The investment aligns with our innovation acceleration strategy to bring transformational medicines to patients around the world.Poster presentation at the annual EBMT-EHA congress highlighting new preliminary translational data from EUPLAGIA-1  which demonstrate that Galapagos’ point-of-care manufacturing platform has the potential to enable a single infusion of fresh early-phenotype CD19 CAR-T cells with robust expansion and persistence in patients with rrCLL and in patients with RT.Signed a share and asset purchase agreement with Alfasigma to transfer the entire Jyseleca® business to Alfasigma. As part of the transaction  the distribution agreement with Sobi and the amended Filgotinib Agreement between Galapagos and Gilead have been assigned to Alfasigma. The transaction was successfully completed on 31 January 2024. Freed-up resources will be reinvested in R&D growth areas.Michele Manto’s mandate as Chief Commercial Officer and member of the Executive Committee of Galapagos ended in December 2023; he will join Alfasigma to lead the Jyseleca® business.Further streamlined our operations with a reduction of approximately 100 positions across the Galapagos organization to align with the Galapagos’ renewed focus on innovation.Signed a strategic collaboration and license agreement with BridGene Biosciences to further strengthen Galapagos' growing early-stage oncology precision medicine pipeline.Entered into a strategic collaboration agreement with Thermo Fisher Scientific for CAR-T manufacturing and kitting services for Galapagos’ point-of-care CAR-T product candidate in the San Francisco area.Financial performanceFull year 2023 key figures (consolidated)(€ millions  except basic & diluted income/loss (-) per share)31 December 2023 31 December 2022 % Change Collaboration revenues 239.7 241.2 -1% Total net revenues 239.7 241.2 R&D expenditure (241.3) (269.8) -11% G&Aii and S&Miii expenses (134.0) (138.6) -3% Other operating income 47.3 36.1 +31% Operating loss (88.3) (131.1) -33% Fair value adjustments and net exchange differences 16.3 51.5 -68% Net other financial result 77.6 8.7 Income taxes (9.6) (0.6) Net loss from continuing operations (4.0) (71.4) Net profit/loss (-) from discontinued operations 215.7 (146.6) Net profit/loss (-) of the year 211.7 (218.0) Basic and diluted income/loss (-) per share (€) 3.21 (3.32) Current financial investments  cash & cash equivalents 3 684.5 (*) 4 094.1 (**)(*) Starting from Q3 2023  our current financial investments and cash and cash equivalents include accrued interests (for a total of €20.0 million on 31 December 2023)(**) Excluding €9.9 million of net accrued interest incomeDETAILS OF THE FULL YEAR 2023 FINANCIAL RESULTSAs a consequence of the recent transfer of our entire Jyseleca® business to Alfasigma  the revenues and costs related to Jyseleca® for the full year 2023 are presented separately from the results of our continuing operations on the line ‘Net profit/loss (-) from discontinued operations’ in our consolidated income statement. The comparative year 2022 has been restated accordingly for the presentation of the results related to the Jyseleca® business.Results from our continuing operationsCollaboration revenues amounted to €239.7 million in 2023  compared to €241.2 million last year. The revenue recognition related to the exclusive access rights granted to Gilead for our drug discovery platform amounted to €230.2 million in 2023 (compared to €230.4 million in 2022). We also recognized royalty income from Gilead for Jyseleca® for €9.5 million in 2023 (compared to €10.7 million in 2022). Our deferred income balance at 31 December 2023 includes €1.3 billion allocated to our drug discovery platform that is recognized linearly over the remaining period of our 10-year collaboration.amounted to €239.7 million in 2023  compared to €241.2 million last year. The revenue recognition related to the exclusive access rights granted to Gilead for our drug discovery platform amounted to €230.2 million in 2023 (compared to €230.4 million in 2022). We also recognized royalty income from Gilead for Jyseleca® for €9.5 million in 2023 (compared to €10.7 million in 2022). Our deferred income balance at 31 December 2023 includes €1.3 billion allocated to our drug discovery platform that is recognized linearly over the remaining period of our 10-year collaboration. Total operating loss from our continuing operations amounted to €88.3 million in 2023  compared to an operating loss of €131.1 million in 2022.amounted to €88.3 million in 2023  compared to an operating loss of €131.1 million in 2022. R&D expenditure in 2023 amounted to €241.3 million  compared to €269.8 million in 2022. Depreciation and impairment costs in 2023 amounted to €22.3 million (compared to €51.5 million in 2022). This decrease was primarily due to an impairment of €26.7 million of previously capitalized upfront fees related to our collaboration with Molecure and impairments of intangible assets related to other discontinued projects recorded in 2022. Personnel costs decreased from €115.5 million in 2022 to €95.8 million in 2023 primarily related to lower accelerated non-cash cost recognition for subscription right plans related to good leavers. This was partly offset by an increase in costs related to the evolution of our CAR-T programs.in 2023 amounted to €241.3 million  compared to €269.8 million in 2022. Depreciation and impairment costs in 2023 amounted to €22.3 million (compared to €51.5 million in 2022). This decrease was primarily due to an impairment of €26.7 million of previously capitalized upfront fees related to our collaboration with Molecure and impairments of intangible assets related to other discontinued projects recorded in 2022. Personnel costs decreased from €115.5 million in 2022 to €95.8 million in 2023 primarily related to lower accelerated non-cash cost recognition for subscription right plans related to good leavers. This was partly offset by an increase in costs related to the evolution of our CAR-T programs. S&M and G&A expenses amounted to €134.0 million in 2023  compared to €138.6 million in 2022. The decrease in S&M and G&A expenses is explained by a decrease in personnel expenses and other operating expenses  partly offset by an impairment of €7.6 million on a construction project in Mechelen  Belgium.amounted to €134.0 million in 2023  compared to €138.6 million in 2022. The decrease in S&M and G&A expenses is explained by a decrease in personnel expenses and other operating expenses  partly offset by an impairment of €7.6 million on a construction project in Mechelen  Belgium. Other operating income (€47.3 million in 2023 compared to €36.1 million in 2022) increased  mainly driven by higher grant and R&D incentives income.Net financial income in 2023 amounted to €93.9 million  compared to €60.2 million in 2022.Fair value adjustments and net currency exchange results amounted to €16.3 million in 2023  compared to fair value adjustments and net currency exchange gains in 2022 of €51.5 million (this decrease was due to the evolution of the USD) and were primarily attributable to €20.4 million of unrealized currency exchange losses on our cash and cash equivalents and current financial investments at amortized cost in U.S. dollars  and to €38.3 million of net fair value gains of our current financial investments.amounted to €16.3 million in 2023  compared to fair value adjustments and net currency exchange gains in 2022 of €51.5 million (this decrease was due to the evolution of the USD) and were primarily attributable to €20.4 million of unrealized currency exchange losses on our cash and cash equivalents and current financial investments at amortized cost in U.S. dollars  and to €38.3 million of net fair value gains of our current financial investments. Net other financial income in 2023 amounted to €77.6 million  compared to net other financial income of €8.7 million in 2022. Net interest income amounted to €77.5 million in 2023 compared to €11.2 million of net interest income in 2022  due to an increase in the interest rates.We had €9.6 million of tax expenses in 2023 (compared to €0.6 million in 2022). This increase was primarily due to the re-assessment of net deferred tax liabilities and corporate income tax payables due to a one-off intercompany transaction.We reported a net loss from our continuing operations in 2023 of €4.0 million  compared to a net loss of €71.4 million in 2022.Results from discontinued operations(€ millions)31 December 2023 31 December 2022 % Change Product net sales 112.3 87.6 +28% Collaboration revenues 431.5 176.4 +145% Total net revenues 543.8 264.0 +106% Cost of sales (18.0) (12.1) +49% R&D expenditure (190.2) (245.3) -22% G&Aii and S&Miii expenses (131.3) (153.9) -15% Other operating income 13.0 10.7 +21% Operating profit/loss (-) 217.3 (136.5) Net financial result 0.5 (7.8) -106% Income taxes (2.1) (2.3) -9% Net profit/loss (-) from discontinued operations 215.7 (146.6)Net profit from discontinued operations related to Jyseleca® amounted to €215.7 million  compared to net loss amounting to €146.6 million for the year 2022.We recorded product net sales of Jyseleca® in Europe of €112.3 million for 2023 within guidance  compared to €87.6 million in 2022. Cost of sales related to Jyseleca® net sales in 2023 were €18.0 million (€12.1 million for the year 2022).Collaboration revenues for the development of filgotinib with Gilead amounted to €429.4 million in 2023  compared to €174.4 million for the year 2022. This increase was explained by a substantial decrease in our assessment of the remaining costs to complete the filgotinib development following the recent transfer of our entire Jyseleca® business to Alfasigma  including the transfer of the remaining development performance obligation after closing of the transaction. As a result  there is a substantial increase of the percentage of completion of our performance rights and obligation and a positive catch-up released to revenues.Our deferred income balance at 31 December 2023 still includes €26.3 million allocated to the filgotinib development that will be recognized as collaboration revenue in 2024.Total operating profit from discontinued operations amounted to €217.3 million in 2023  compared to an operating loss of €136.5 million in 2022.R&D expenditure for the filgotinib development in 2023 amounted to €190.2 million  compared to €245.3 million in 2022. This decrease was mainly due to the discontinuation of the DIVERSITY clinical trials in CD. Personnel expenses decreased by €15.0 million  from €74.6 million in 2022 to €59.6 million in 2023  subcontracting costs decreased as well by €39.0 million  from €153.7 million in 2022 to €114.7 million in 2023.for the filgotinib development in 2023 amounted to €190.2 million  compared to €245.3 million in 2022. This decrease was mainly due to the discontinuation of the DIVERSITY clinical trials in CD. Personnel expenses decreased by €15.0 million  from €74.6 million in 2022 to €59.6 million in 2023  subcontracting costs decreased as well by €39.0 million  from €153.7 million in 2022 to €114.7 million in 2023. S&M and G&A expenses related to the Jyseleca® business amounted to €131.3 million in 2023  compared to €153.9 million in 2022. Personnel expenses decreased by €6.4 million  from €78.7 million in 2022 to €72.3 million in 2023  while external outsourcing costs decreased by €17.0 million  from €52.8 million in 2022 to €35.8 million in 2023.expenses related to the Jyseleca® business amounted to €131.3 million in 2023  compared to €153.9 million in 2022. Personnel expenses decreased by €6.4 million  from €78.7 million in 2022 to €72.3 million in 2023  while external outsourcing costs decreased by €17.0 million  from €52.8 million in 2022 to €35.8 million in 2023. Other operating income (€13.0 million in 2023 compared to €10.7 million in 2022) increased  mainly driven by higher R&D incentives income.(€13.0 million in 2023 compared to €10.7 million in 2022) increased  mainly driven by higher R&D incentives income. Net financial income attributable to the Jyseleca® business in 2023 amounted to €0.5 million  compared to a net financial cost of €7.8 million in 2022. The decrease is primarily explained by a lower discounting effect of long-term deferred revenue for the development of filgotinib because we expect to recognize the remaining revenues in 2024.We reported a net profit in 2023 of €211.7 million  compared to a net loss of €218.0 million in 2022.Cash positionCurrent financial investments and cash and cash equivalents totaled €3 684.5 million on 31 December 2023  as compared to €4 094.1 million on 31 December 2022 (excluding €9.9 million of net accrued interest income).Total net decrease in cash and cash equivalents and current financial investments amounted to €409.6 million in 2023  compared to a net decrease of €609.1 million in 2022. This net decrease was composed of (i) €414.8 million of operational cash burn  (ii) €20.4 million of negative exchange rate differences  (iii) €7.0 million cash-out related to the acquisition of CellPoint B.V.  (iv) €14.0 million acquisition of financial assets held at fair value through profit or loss  partly offset by (v) €24.3 million positive changes in fair value of current financial investments  (vi) €1.8 million of cash proceeds from capital and share premium increase from exercise of subscription rights in 2023  and (vii) €12.9 million of accrued interest income on term deposits and €7.6 million of accrued interest income on treasury bills.Outlook 2024Financial outlookFor the full year 2024  we anticipate a further reduction in our cash burn and expect the cash burn to be between €280 million and €320 million (compared to €414.8 million for the full year 2023)  not including future potential business development opportunities.R&D Outlook We aim to progress three CAR-T Phase 1/2 studies in hemato-oncology: GLPG5101 in rrNHL; GLPG5201 in rrCLL  with or without RT; and GLPG5301 in rrMM. We expect to file IND applications in the U.S. to begin clinical development of our CAR-T programs in hemato-oncology. We plan to further upscale our CAR-T network and operations in the U.S. and Europe  and potentially other key regions.Business developmentWe will continue to evaluate multiple product candidates and business development opportunities to further leverage our internal capabilities and accelerate and expand our pipeline of potential best-in-class investigational medicines in our therapeutic focus areas of immunology and oncology.Annual report 2023We are currently finalizing the financial statements for the year ended 31 December 2023. Our independent auditor has confirmed that its audit procedures in relation to the financial information for the year ended 31 December 2023 in accordance with the International Standards on Auditing are substantially completed and have not revealed any material corrections required to be made to the financial information included in this press release. Should any material changes arise during the audit’s finalization  an additional press release will be issued. We aim to publish the fully audited full year 2023 annual report on  or around  28 March 2024.Conference call and webcast presentationWe will host a conference call and webcast presentation on 23 February 2024  at 14:00 CET / 8:00 am ET. To participate in the conference call  please register using this link. Dial-in numbers will be provided upon registration. The conference call can be accessed 10 minutes prior to the start of the call using the access information provided in the e-mail received upon registration or by using the “call me” feature.The live webcast is available on glpg.com or via the following link. The archived webcast will be available for replay shortly after the close of the call on the investor section of the website.Financial calendar 2024Date Details 28 March Publication Annual Report 2023 and 20-F 2023 30 April Annual Shareholders’ meeting 2 May First quarter 2024 results (webcast 3 May 2024) 1 August Half Year 2024 results (webcast 2 August 2024) 30 October Third quarter 2024 results (webcast 31 October 2024)About GalapagosWe are a biotechnology company with operations in Europe and the U.S. dedicated to developing transformational medicines for more years of life and quality of life. Focusing on high unmet medical needs  we synergize compelling science  technology  and collaborative approaches to create a deep pipeline of best-in-class small molecules  CAR-T therapies  and biologics in oncology and immunology. With capabilities from lab to patient  including a decentralized  point-of-care CAR-T manufacturing network  we are committed to challenging the status quo and delivering results for our patients  employees and shareholders. For additional information  please visit www.glpg.com or follow us on LinkedIn or X (formerly Twitter) .ContactMedia inquiries:Marieke Vermeersch+32 479 490 603media@glpg.com Investor inquiries:Sofie Van Gijsel+1 781 296 1143ir@glpg.comSandra Cauwenberghs+32 495 58 46 63ir@glpg.comForward-looking statementsThis press release contains forward-looking statements  all of which involve certain risks and uncertainties. These statements are often  but are not always  made through the use of words or phrases such as “believe ” “anticipate ” “expect ” “intend ” “plan ” “seek ” “upcoming ” “future ” “estimate ” “may ” “will ” “could ” “would ” “potential ” “forward ” “goal ” “next ” “continue ” “should ” “encouraging ” “aim ” “progress ” “remain ’ “explore ” “further” as well as similar expressions. These statements include  but are not limited to  the guidance from management regarding our financial results (including guidance regarding the expected operational use of cash for the fiscal year 2024)  statements regarding our regulatory outlook  statements regarding the amount and timing of potential future milestones  and other payments   statements regarding our R&D plans  strategy and outlook  including progress on our oncology or immunology portfolio  and potential changes in such strategy  statements regarding our pipeline and complementary technology platforms facilitating future growth  statements regarding our commercialization efforts for filgotinib  our product candidates  and any of our future product candidates or approved products  if any  statements regarding the global R&D collaboration with Gilead and the amendment of our arrangement with Gilead for the commercialization and development of filgotinib  statements regarding the expected timing  design and readouts of our ongoing and planned preclinical studies and clinical trials  including but not limited to (i) filgotinib in RA  UC and AxSpA  (ii) GLPG3667 in SLE and DM  (iii) GLPG5101 in rrNHL and rSLE  (iv) GLPG5201 in rrCLL  with or without RT  and (v) GLPG5301 in rrMM  including recruitment for trials and topline results for trials and studies in our portfolio  statements relating to interactions with regulatory authorities  and statements related to our portfolio goals  business plans  and sustainability plans. Galapagos cautions the reader that forward-looking statements are based on our management’s current expectations and beliefs and are not guarantees of future performance. Forward-looking statements may involve known and unknown risks  uncertainties and other factors which might cause actual events  financial condition and liquidity  performance or achievements  or the industry in which we operate  to be materially different from any historic or future results  financial conditions  performance or achievements expressed or implied by such forward-looking statements. In addition  even if Galapagos’ results  performance  financial condition and liquidity  and the development of the industry in which it operates are consistent with such forward-looking statements  they may not be predictive of results or developments in future periods. Such risks include  but are not limited to  the risk that our expectations and management’s guidance regarding our 2024 cash burn may be incorrect (including because one or more of its assumptions underlying our revenue or expense expectations may not be realized)  the risk that ongoing and future clinical trials may not be completed in the currently envisaged timelines or at all  the inherent risks and uncertainties associated with competitive developments  clinical trials  recruitment of patients  product development activities and regulatory approval requirements (including the risk that data from Galapagos’ ongoing and planned clinical research programs in RA  UC  DM  SLE  AxSpA  rrNHL  rSLE  rrCLL  rrMM and other indications or any other indications or diseases  may not support registration or further development of its product candidates due to safety or efficacy concerns or other reasons)  the inherent risks and uncertainties associated with target discovery and validation and drug discovery and development activities  risks related to our reliance on collaborations with third parties  the risk that the transfer of the Jyseleca® business will not have the currently expected results for our business and results of operations the risk that we will not be able to continue to execute on our currently contemplated business plan and/or will revise our business plan  including the risk that our plans with respect to CAR-T may not be achieved on the currently anticipated timeline or at all  the risk that our projections and expectations regarding the commercial potential of our product candidates (if approved) or expectations regarding the costs and revenues associated with the commercialization rights may be inaccurate  and risks related to our strategic transformation exercise  including the risk that we may not achieve the anticipated benefits of such exercise on the currently envisaged timeline or at all. A further list and description of these risks  uncertainties and other risks can be found in our filings and reports with the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC)  including in our most recent annual report on Form 20‐F filed with the SEC and our subsequent filings and reports filed with the SEC. Given these risks and uncertainties  the reader is advised not to place any undue reliance on such forward-looking statements. In addition  even if the result of our operations  financial condition and liquidity  or the industry in which we operate  are consistent with such forward-looking statements  they may not be predictive of results  performance or achievements in future periods. These forward-looking statements speak only as of the date of publication of this release. We expressly disclaim any obligation to update any such forward-looking statements in this release to reflect any change in our expectations or any change in events  conditions or circumstances  unless specifically required by law or regulation.1 Throughout this press release  ‘Dr. Paul Stoffels’ should be read as ‘Dr. Paul Stoffels  acting via Stoffels IMC BV’i The operational cash burn (or operational cash flow if this liquidity measure is positive) is equal to the increase or decrease in our cash and cash equivalents (excluding the effect of exchange rate differences on cash and cash equivalents)  minus:• the net proceeds  if any  from share capital and share premium increases included in the net cash flows generated from/used in (-) financing activities• the net proceeds or cash used  if any  related to the acquisitions or disposals of businesses; the acquisition of financial assets held at fair value through profit or loss; the movement in restricted cash and movement in current financial investments  if any  the cash advances and loans given to third parties  if any  included in the net cash flows generated from/used in (-) investing activities• the cash used for other liabilities related to the acquisition of businesses  if any  included in the net cash flows generated from/used in (-) operating activities.This alternative liquidity measure is in our view an important metric for a biotech company in the development stage. The operational cash burn for the year 2023 amounted to €414.8 million and can be reconciled to our cash flow statement by considering the decrease in cash and cash equivalents of €339.8 million  adjusted by (i) the cash proceeds from capital and share premium increase from the exercise of subscription rights by employees for €1.8 million  (ii) the net purchase of current financial investments amounting to €94.2 million  (iii) the cash-out related to the acquisition of subsidiaries of €7.0 million  and (iv) the acquisition of financial assets held at fair value through profit or loss of €14.0 million.ii General and administrativeiii Sales and marketingAttachments,neutral,0.02,0.98,0.0,negative,0.03,0.34,0.63,True,English,"['full year 2023 results', 'Galapagos', 'outlook', '2024', 'Phase 1/2 multiple myeloma BCMA CAR-T study', 'diffuse large B cell lymphoma', 'BCMA CAR-T product candidate GLPG5301', 'Series C financing round', 'high unmet medical need', 'ongoing Phase 1/2 studies', 'PAPILIO-1 Phase 1/2 study', 'Alfasigma S.p.A', 'CD19 CAR-T product candidates', 'US-based precision oncology company', 'ongoing CD19 CAR-T programs', 'refractory multiple myeloma', 'CD19 CAR-T candidate', 'Phase 2 expansion study', 'mantle cell lymphoma', 'Phase 1 dose-finding part', 'refractory non-Hodgkin lymphoma', 'current financial investments', 'Thermo Fisher Scientific', 'Mr. Simon Sturge', 'strong financial position', 'ASH Annual Meeting', '≥2 prior lines therapy', 'preliminary Phase 1 data', 'CAR-T manufacturing platform', 'Dr. Susanne Schaffert', 'promising new data', 'robust data package', 'small molecule programs', 'encouraging preliminary Phase 1', 'Dr. Paul Stoffels', 'oncology research activities', 'oncology CAR-T portfolio', 'Jyseleca® net sales', 'Non-Executive Independent Directors', 'sustainable, long-term value', 'Immunology portfolio Jyseleca®', 'growing early-stage pipeline', 'business development opportunities', 'Operational cash burni', 'Phase 2 study', 'full year 2023 results', 'Phase 2 data', 'cell therapies', 'fresh product', 'indolent lymphoma', 'CAR-T pipeline', 'CAR-T network', 'Dr. Stoffels', 'U.S.', 'clinical programs', 'Oncology portfolio', 'Jyseleca® business', 'manufacturing agreements', 'encouraging data', 'net revenues', 'strategic research', 'Operational Performance', 'small molecules', 'meaningful results', 'key financials', 'key updates', 'RT Expanded', 'TYK2 inhibitor', 'strategic reasons', 'Landmark Bio', 'license collaboration', 'BridGene Biosciences', 'Frontier Medicines', 'Thad Huston', 'Webcast presentation', 'regulated information', 'significant steps', 'value creation', 'transformational medicines', 'successful transfer', 'innovative pipeline', 'strategic collaboration', 'important progress', 'Richter transformation', 'Patient recruitment', 'dose level', 'additional RT', 'patient populations', 'median vein', 'vein time', 'seven days', 'class medicines', 'off date', 'Galapagos NV', 'first patients', 'first 9 patients', 'Galapagos’ point', '14 rrNHL patients', '15 patients', 'Group', '31 December', 'guidance', '400 positions', 'GLPG5101', 'GLPG5201', 'rrCLL', 'start', 'rrMM', 'GLPG3667', 'SLE', 'care', 'CFO', 'COO', '14:00 CET', 'Mechelen', 'Belgium', '22 February', 'Euronext', 'NASDAQ', 'outlook', 'organization', 'focus', 'advance', 'efforts', 'world', 'CEO', 'Chairman', 'Board', 'streamlined', 'differentiated', 'shareholders', 'employees', 'milestone', 'build-up', 'stakeholders', 'Corporate', 'EUPLAGIA-1', 'potential', 'ATALANTA-1', 'DL1', 'parallel', 'enrollment', 'safety', 'efficacy', 'feasibility', 'biologics', 'filgotinib', 'JAK', '8:00', '22:01', '2024']",2024-02-22,2024-02-23,globenewswire.com
36567,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2024/02/22/2833272/0/en/Danone-Strong-full-year-results-Consistently-delivering-on-Renew-Danone.html,Danone: Strong full-year results; Consistently delivering on Renew Danone,2023 Full-Year ResultsPress release – Paris  February 22  2024    Strong full-year resultsConsistently delivering on Renew Danone    Net sales reached......,2023 Full-Year ResultsPress release – Paris  February 22  2024Strong full-year resultsConsistently delivering on Renew DanoneNet sales reached €27 619m in 2023   up +7.0% on a like-for-like (LFL) basis   with price up +7.4% and volume/mix down -0.4%  up   with price up +7.4% and volume/mix down -0.4% Q4 sales growth up +5.1% on a LFL basis   with volume/mix turning positive at +0.8% EDP transformation in Europe continues to deliver results  with volume/mix back to positive territory Solid volume/mix-led performance in North America  mainly driven by International Delight and Oikos Another quarter of strong competitive growth in China  North Asia & Oceania  with Recurring operating margin up +40 bps at 12.6%   while reinvesting significantly  while reinvesting significantly Record level of free-cash-flow at €2.6 bn  enabling investments and deleverageenabling investments and deleverage Recurring EPS up +3.4% at €3.54   driven by operational performance; proposed dividend of €2.10  up +5.0%  driven by operational performance; 2024 guidance in line with mid-term ambition : like-for-like sales growth expected between +3% and +5%  with moderate improvement in recurring operating margin: like-for-like sales growth expected between +3% and +5%  with moderate improvement in recurring operating margin Capital Market Event to take place in June 20242023 Full-Year Key Figuresin millions of euros except if stated otherwise FY 2022 FY 2023 Reported Change Like-for-likeChange (LFL) Sales 27 661 27 619 -0.2% +7.0% Recurring operating income 3 377 3 481 +3.1% Recurring operating margin 12.2% 12.6% +40 bps Non-recurring operating income and expenses (1 234) (1 438) (205) Operating income 2 143 2 042 -4.7% Operating margin 7.7% 7.4% -35 bps Recurring net income – Group share 2 205 2 283 +3.5% Non-recurring net income – Group share (1 246) (1 402) (156) Net income – Group share 959 881 -8.1% Recurring EPS (€) 3.43 3.54 +3.4% EPS (€) 1.48 1.36 -8.0% Free cash flow 2 127 2 633 +23.8% Cash flow from operating activities 2 964 3 442 +16.1%1Antoine de Saint-Affrique: CEO statement2023 was a year of consistent progress and strong delivery against our Renew Danone agenda. We put science back at the heart of what we do and further tied sustainability to business performance. We made significant progress in sharpening our portfolio. We further invested behind our brands  our innovations and our capabilities  progressively improving the quality of our growth  while creating value for all stakeholders.In a context which remains challenging  the progressive improvement of our volume-mix  turning positive in Q4  the visible progress made by EDP Europe  and the continued strong momentum of our Medical Nutrition activity are encouraging signs  even if lots remains to be done.Building on the positive momentum of 2023  we are starting this new financial year with confidence in our Renew strategy. We will continue to focus on consistent execution and delivery  in line with the mid-term ambition we defined in March 2022. We will keep progressively improving the resilience of Danone  further equipping it with the skills  science and tools it needs to be future fit. As we start projecting ourselves  we look forward to hosting a Capital Market Event in June 2024.I. FOURTH QUARTER AND FULL-YEAR RESULTSFourth quarter and full-year salesIn Q4 2023  consolidated sales stood at €6.7 bn  up +5.1% on a like-for-like basis  led by an increase of +4.3% from price and +0.8% from volume/mix. On a reported basis  sales decreased by -5.0%  mainly penalized by the strong negative impact from forex (-6.0%)  reflecting the depreciation of the majority of currencies against the euro. Reported sales were also penalized by a negative effect from scope (-5.8%)  mainly resulting from the deconsolidation of EDP Russia starting from July 2023. Besides  hyperinflation contributed positively to reported sales (+2.8%).In 2023  consolidated sales stood at €27.6 bn  up +7.0% on a like-for-like basis  with price up +7.4% and volume/mix down -0.4%. On a reported basis  sales decreased by -0.2%  reflecting notably a negative impact from forex (-4.3%) and scope (-3.4%)  and a positive contribution of hyperinflation (+1.8%).Sales by operating segment€ million except % Q4 2022 Q42023 Reported change LFL SalesGrowth Volume/Mix Growth FY2022 FY2023 Reported change LFL SalesGrowth Volume/MixGrowth BY GEOGRAPHICAL ZONE Europe 2 169 2 313 +6.6% +6.0% +0.3% 8 871 9 382 +5.8% +5.9% -3.3% North America 1 759 1 725 -2.0% +3.1% +2.8% 6 712 6 889 +2.6% +5.8% +0.2% China  North Asia & Oceania 817 822 +0.6% +7.4% +4.8% 3 428 3 496 +2.0% +10.1% +8.6% Latin America 745 704 -5.5% +8.1% -1.3% 2 805 2 794 -0.4% +9.8% -1.3% Rest of the World 1 517 1 092 -28.0% +3.5% -2.9% 5 846 5 058 -13.5% +7.2% -1.8% BY CATEGORY EDP 3 887 3 462 -11.0% +4.5% +2.0% 14 799 14 322 -3.2% +6.6% -1.4% Specialized Nutrition 2 147 2 174 +1.2% +4.7% -1.3% 8 319 8 504 +2.2% +6.7% +0.6% Waters 972 1 019 +4.9% +8.5% +1.5% 4 543 4 793 +5.5% +9.1% +0.8% TOTAL 7 007 6 655 -5.0% +5.1% +0.8% 27 661 27 619 -0.2% +7.0% -0.4%In the fourth quarter  Europe sales were up +6.0% on a like-for-like basis  with price up +5.7% while volume/mix was back to positive territory  at +0.3%. EDP performance continued to improve sequentially  notably led by Actimel  Danone  YoPro and Alpro. Specialized Nutrition delivered resilient growth in a soft category  while Waters posted strong growth  driven by evian  Volvic and Zywiec Zdroj. In North America  sales were up +3.1% on a like-for-like basis  led by volume/mix  up +2.8%  while pricing normalized (+0.3%). The performance was led by Coffee Creations and Yogurts  and in particular by International Delight  Stok and Oikos. China  North Asia & Oceania delivered +7.4% like-for-like sales growth  led by volume/mix up +4.8% and price up +2.6%. In China  Specialized Nutrition maintained its momentum  in both Infant Nutrition and Medical Nutrition  while Mizone is confirming its turnaround  growing double-digits. Besides  EDP registered double-digit growth in Japan  led by Activia and Oikos. In Latin America  sales were up +8.1%  with price up +9.4% and volume/mix down -1.3%. The performance was driven by all geographies and categories  and in particular by Oikos  YoPro and Bonafont. In the Rest of the World  sales increased by +3.5% on a like-for-like basis  with price up +6.4% and volume/mix down -2.9%  notably led by a sustained momentum in Specialized Nutrition across Asia and Middle-East.Sales by geography by categoryQ4 2023Europe North America China/North Asia/Oceania AMEA  CIS & Latin America Total Net sales (€m) LFL sales growth (%) Net sales (€m) LFL sales growth (%) Net sales (€m) LFL sales growth (%) Net sales (€m) LFL sales growth (%) Net sales (€m) LFL sales growth (%) EDP 1 081 +5.6% 1 583 +3.6% 89 +13.1% 708 +3.8% 3 462 +4.5% Specialized Nutrition 795 +4.6% 77 -8.7% 652 +5.7% 649 +5.9% 2 174 +4.7% Waters 436 +9.4% 65 +7.2% 80 +15.7% 438 +6.6% 1 019 +8.5% Total Company 2 313 +6.0% 1 725 +3.1% 822 +7.4% 1 795 +5.2% 6 655 +5.1%FY 2023Europe North America China/North Asia/Oceania AMEA  CIS & Latin America Total Net sales (€m) LFL sales growth (%) Net sales (€m) LFL sales growth (%) Net sales (€m) LFL sales growth (%) Net sales (€m) LFL sales growth (%) Net sales (€m) LFL sales growth (%) EDP 4 300 +5.8% 6 273 +6.3% 360 15.3% 3 389 +7.1% 14 322 +6.6% Specialized Nutrition 3 079 +3.4% 342 -6.5% 2 445 +8.3% 2 639 +11.3% 8 504 +6.7% Waters 2 003 +10.4% 275 +13.1% 692 +14.1% 1 824 +5.5% 4 793 +9.1% Total Company 9 382 +5.9% 6 889 +5.8% 3 496 +10.1% 7 852 +8.1% 27 619 +7.0%Recurring Operating MarginRecurring operating profit (€m) and margin (%)FY 2022 FY 2023 Reportedchange €m Margin (%) €m Margin (%)BY GEOGRAPHICAL ZONE Europe 1 084 12.2% 1 076 11.5% -75 bps North America 679 10.1% 699 10.1% +3 bps China  North Asia & Oceania 1 037 30.2% 1 052 30.1% -15 bps Latin America 55 1.9% 123 4.4% +247 bps Rest of the World 522 8.9% 530 10.5% +155 bpsBY CATEGORY EDP 1 207 8.2% 1 224 8.5% +39 bps Specialized Nutrition 1 799 21.6% 1 772 20.8% -79 bps Waters 370 8.2% 485 10.1% +197 bps Total 3 377 12.2% 3 481 12.6% +40 bpsDanone’s recurring operating income reached €3.5 bn in 2023. Recurring operating margin stood at 12.6%  up +40 basis points (bps) compared to last year. This increase was mainly driven by the improvement of the margin from operations  up +142 bps: topline drivers  including volume  mix and price  had a combined impact of c. +590 bps  partially offset by the still strong negative impact of input-cost inflation net of productivity  at c. -450 bps.Besides  Danone continued to step-up its reinvestments in A&P  product superiority and capabilities  that had a negative effect of -97 bps in 2023. Finally  Scope  Forex and others had a +13 bps positive impact on Recurring operating margin  partially offset by Overheads before reinvestments  that had a negative effect of -18 bps.Net income and Earnings per shareFY 2022 FY 2023 in millions of euros except if stated otherwise Recurring Non-recurring Total Recurring Non-recurring Total Recurring operating income 3 377 3 377 3 481 3 481 Other operating income and expense (1 234) (1 234) (1 438) (1 438) Operating income 3 377 (1 234) 2 143 3 481 (1 438) 2 042 Cost of net debt (153) (153) (172) (172) Other financial income and expense (138) (20) (158) (135) (49) (185) Income before taxes 3 086 (1 253) 1 832 3 173 (1 487) 1 686 Income tax (841) 64 (778) (864) 95 (768) Effective tax rate 27.3% 42.4% 27.2% 45.6% Net income from fully consolidated companies 2 244 (1 190) 1 054 2 309 (1 392) 917 Share of profit (loss) of equity-accounted companies 31 (63) (32) 55 (19) 36 Net income 2 275 (1 252) 1 023 2 364 (1 411) 953 • Group share 2 205 (1 246) 959 2 283 (1 402) 881 • Non-controlling interests 70 (6) 64 81 (9) 72 EPS (€) 3.43 1.48 3.54 1.36Other operating income and expense reached -€1 438 million in 2023  vs -€1 234 million in the prior year  due to the deconsolidation of EDP Russia and the impairment resulting from the signing of an agreement to sell the organic dairy platform in the US.Share of profit of equity-accounted companies stood at €36 million  improving from -€32 million last year  which reflected the impairment related to the disposal of the remaining minority investments in Mengniu partnerships. Non-controlling interests stood at €72 million  up from €64 million in 2022.As a result  Reported EPS decreased by -8.0% to €1.36  while Recurring EPS was up +3.4% to €3.54.Cash flow and DebtFree cash flow reached €2 633 million in 2023  increasing from €2 127 million in 2022  reflecting the significant increase in cash-flow from operating activities. Capex stood at €847 million.As of December 31  2023  Danone’s net debt stood at €10.2 billion  slightly increasing from €10.1 billion last year. While the company reduced its debt by c. €0.7 billion in 2023  this improvement was offset by the redemption of a c. €0.8 billion hybrid bond which was financed by a bond issuance. This reflects Danone’s continued improvement in the quality of its balance sheet.DividendAt the Annual Shareholders’ Meeting on April 25  2024  Danone’s Board of Directors will propose a dividend of €2.10 per share in respect of the 2023 fiscal year  up +5.0% compared to last year  and back to 2019 record-level. Assuming this proposal is approved  the ex-dividend date will be May 3  2024  and the dividend will be payable on May 7  2024.II. 2024 GUIDANCE2024 guidance in line with mid-term ambition: Like-for-like sales growth between +3% and +5% with moderate improvement in recurring operating margin.III. MAJOR DEVELOPMENTS OVER THE PERIODNovember 6  2023: Danone issued a €800 million bond with a 6-year maturity and a 3.706% coupon. The settlement took place on November 13  2023  and the bonds are listed on Euronext Paris.Danone issued a €800 million bond with a 6-year maturity and a 3.706% coupon. The settlement took place on November 13  2023  and the bonds are listed on Euronext Paris. December 20  2023: Danone published its Climate Transition Plan  detailing its roadmap to reach its 2030 1.5°C science-based targets and setting its pathway to achieve Net-Zero emissions by 2050 across its entire value chain.Danone published its Climate Transition Plan  detailing its roadmap to reach its 2030 1.5°C science-based targets and setting its pathway to achieve Net-Zero emissions by 2050 across its entire value chain. January 2  2024: Danone announced it has signed an agreement to sell its premium organic dairy activity in the U.S. to Platinum Equity  a US-based investment firm. The sale is part of Danone’s portfolio review and asset rotation program the company announced in March 2022  as part of its Renew Danone strategy.Danone announced it has signed an agreement to sell its premium organic dairy activity in the U.S. to Platinum Equity  a US-based investment firm. The sale is part of Danone’s portfolio review and asset rotation program the company announced in March 2022  as part of its Renew Danone strategy. February 6  2024: Danone has been recognized  for the fifth year in a row  for leadership in corporate transparency and performance in climate change  forests  and water security by global environmental non-profit organization CDP. Out of the 21 000 companies scored in 2023  Danone is one of the only 10 companies that achieved a place on the A List for the three environmental areas covered by CDP: climate change  forest preservation and water security.IV. SHAREHOLDERS’ MEETING AND FINANCIAL STATEMENTSAt its meeting on February 21  2024  the Board of Directors approved the draft resolutions that will be submitted to the approval of the Shareholders’ Meeting on April 25. In particular  the Board proposes that shareholders renew the appointments of Gilbert Ghostine and Lise Kingo  whose current term of office will expire on the next Shareholders’ Meeting. It will also submit to the Shareholder’s Meeting resolutions on the compensation of corporate officers  on the appointment of sustainability auditors  on share buy-backs and on employees share capital increases  as well as a resolution proposing to remove from the by-laws the statutory cap on voting rights.At its meeting on February 21  2024  the Board of Directors closed statutory and consolidated financial statements for the 2023 fiscal year. Regarding the audit process  the statutory auditors have substantially completed their examination of financial statements as of today.V. ALTERNATIVE PERFORMANCE MEASURES NOT DEFINED BY IFRSIAS 29: impact on reported dataDanone has been applying IAS 29 in hyperinflation countries as defined in IFRS. Adoption of IAS 29 in hyperinflationary countries requires its non-monetary assets and liabilities and its income statement to be restated to reflect the changes in the general pricing power of its functional currency  leading to a gain or loss on the net monetary position included in the net income. Moreover  its financial statements are converted into euros using the closing exchange rate of the relevant period.IAS 29: impact on reported data€ million except % Q4 2023 FY 2023 Sales -52 -198 Sales growth (%) -0.78% -0.71% Recurring Operating Income -55 Recurring Net Income – Group share -64Breakdown by quarter of FY 2023 sales after application of IAS 29FY 2023 sales correspond to the addition of:Q4 2023 reported sales;Q1  Q2 and Q3 2023 sales resulting from the application of IAS 29 until December 31  2023  to sales of entities in hyperinflation countries (application of the inflation rate until December 31  2023  and translation into euros using the December 31  2023  closing rate) and provided in the table below for information (unaudited data)€ million Q1 20231 Q2 20232 Q3 20233 Q4 2023 FY 2023 Europe 2 248 2 429 2 392 2 313 9 382 North America 1 714 1 704 1 747 1 725 6 889 China  North Asia & Oceania 824 954 896 822 3 496 Latin America 639 727 724 704 2 794 Rest of the World 1 480 1 392 1 095 1 092 5 058 Total 6 904 7 205 6 854 6 655 27 6191Results from the application of IAS 29 until December 31  2023  to Q1 sales of entities of hyperinflation countries.2Results from the application of IAS 29 until December 31  2023  to Q2 sales of entities of hyperinflation countries.3Results from the application of IAS 29 until December 31  2023  to Q3 sales of entities of hyperinflation countries.Definitions of geographical zonesEurope refers to European countries and Ukraine.North America includes United States and Canada.China  North Asia & Oceania includes China  Japan  Australia and New-Zealand.Latin America includes Mexico  Brazil  Argentina and Uruguay.Rest of the World includes AMEA (Asia  Middle East including Turkey  Africa) and CIS.Financial indicators not defined in IFRSDue to rounding  the sum of values presented may differ from totals as reported. Such differences are not material.Like-for-like changes in sales reflect Danone's organic performance and essentially exclude the impact of:changes in consolidation scope  with indicators related to a given fiscal year calculated on the basis of the previous year's scope;changes in applicable accounting principles;changes in exchange rates  with both previous-year and current-year indicators calculated using the same exchange rates (the exchange rate used is a projected annual rate determined by Danone for the current year and applied to both previous and current years).Like-for-like changes in recurring operating margin are not disclosed anymore as the indicator is not constitutive of the company’s guidance nor used by the company to comment the results.Since January 1st  2023  all countries with hyperinflationary economies are taken into account in like-for-like changes as follows: net sales growth in excess of around 26% per year (a three-year average at 26% would generally trigger the application of hyperinflationary accounting as defined in IFRS) is now excluded from the like-for-like net sales growth calculation.Bridge from reported data to like-for-like data(€ million except %) FY 2022 Like-for-like change Impact of changesin scope of consolidation Impact of changes in exchange rates & others incl. IAS 29 Contribution of hyperinflation Reported change FY 2023 Sales 27 661 +7.0% -3.4% -5.6% +1.8% -0.2% 27 619Margin from operations is defined as the Gross margin over Net sales ratio  where Gross margin corresponds to the difference between Net sales and Industrial costs excluding reengineering initiatives and Logistics / Transportation costs.Recurring operating income is defined as Danone’s operating income excluding Other operating income and expenses. Other operating income and expenses comprise items that  because of their significant or unusual nature  cannot be viewed as inherent to Danone’s recurring activity and have limited predictive value  thus distorting the assessment of its recurring operating performance and its evolution. These mainly include:capital gains and losses on disposals of fully consolidated companies;impairment charges on intangible assets with indefinite useful lives;costs related to strategic restructurings or transformation plans;costs related to major external growth transactions;costs related to major crisis and major litigations;in connection with IFRS 3 (Revised) and IAS 27 (Revised) relating to business combinations  (i) acquisition costs related to business combinations  (ii) revaluation profit or loss accounted for following a loss of control  and (iii) changes in earn-outs relating to business combinations and subsequent to acquisition date.Recurring operating margin is defined as the Recurring operating income over Sales ratio.Other non-recurring financial income and expense corresponds to financial income and expense items that  in view of their significant or unusual nature  cannot be considered as inherent to Danone’s recurring financial management. These mainly include changes in value of non-consolidated interests.Non-recurring income tax corresponds to income tax on non-recurring items as well as tax income and expense items that  in view of their significant or unusual nature  cannot be considered as inherent to Danone’s recurring performance.Recurring effective tax rate measures the effective tax rate of Danone’s recurring performance and is computed as the ratio of income tax related to recurring items over recurring net income before tax.Non-recurring share of profit of equity-accounted companies includes items that  because of their significant or unusual nature  cannot be viewed as inherent to the companies' recurring activity and thereby distort the assessment of their recurring performance and trends in that performance. These items mainly relate to (i) capital gains and losses on disposals of investments in equity-accounted companies  (ii) impairment of goodwill  and (iii) non-recurring items  as defined by Danone  included in the share of profit of equity-accounted companies.Recurring net income (or Recurring net income – Group Share) corresponds to the Group share of the consolidated Recurring net income. The Recurring net income excludes items that  because of their significant or unusual nature  cannot be viewed as inherent to Danone’s recurring activity and have limited predictive value  thus distorting the assessment of its recurring performance and its evolution. Such non-recurring income and expenses correspond to Other operating income and expenses  Other non-recurring financial income and expenses  Non-recurring income tax  and Non-recurring income from equity-accounted companies. Such income and expenses  excluded from Net income  represent Non-recurring net income.Recurring EPS (or Recurring net income – Group Share  per share after dilution) is defined as the ratio of Recurring net income adjusted for hybrid financing over Diluted number of shares. In compliance with IFRS  income used to calculate EPS is adjusted for the coupon related to the hybrid financing accrued for the period and presented net of tax.FY 2022 FY 2023 Recurring Total Recurring Total Net income-Group share (€ million) 2 205 959 2 283 881 Coupon related to hybrid financing net of tax (€ million) (13) (13) (8) (8) Number of shares • Before dilution 639 050 821 639 050 821 641 030 818 641 030 818 • After dilution 639 484 607 639 484 607 641 738 674 641 738 674 EPS (€) • Before dilution 3.43 1.48 3.55 1.36 • After dilution 3.43 1.48 3.54 1.36Free cash flow represents cash flows provided or used by operating activities less capital expenditure net of disposals and  in connection with IFRS 3 (Revised)  relating to business combinations  excluding (i) acquisition costs related to business combinations  and (ii) earn-outs related to business combinations and paid subsequently to acquisition date.(€ million) FY 2022 FY 2023 Cash-flow from operating activities 2 964 3 442 Capital expenditure (873) (847) Disposal of tangible assets & transaction fees related to business combinations1 37 38 Free cash-flow 2 127 2 6331 Represents acquisition costs related to business combinations paid during the period.Net financial debt represents the net debt portion bearing interest. It corresponds to current and non-current financial debt (i) excluding Liabilities related to put options granted to non-controlling interests and earn-outs on acquisitions resulting in control and (ii) net of Cash and cash equivalents  Short term investments and Derivatives – assets managing net debt.(€ million) December 31  2022 December 31  2023 Non-current financial debt 11 238 10 739 Current financial debt 3 298 4 270 Short-term investments (3 631) (3 638) Cash (1 051) (2 363) Bank Overdraft 330 1 264 Derivatives — non-current assets1 (18) (34) Derivatives — current-assets1 (60) (16) Net debt 10 107 10 221 Liabilities related to put options granted to non-controlling interests — non-current (59) - Liabilities related to put options granted to non-controlling interests and earn-outs on acquisitions resulting in control — current (263) (356) Net financial debt 9 785 9 8651 Managing net debt onlyo o O o oFORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTSThis press release contains certain forward-looking statements concerning Danone. In some cases  you can identify these forward-looking statements by forward-looking words  such as “estimate”  “expect”  “anticipate”  “project”  “plan”  “intend”  “objective”  “believe”  “forecast”  “guidance”  “foresee”  “likely”  “may”  “should”  “goal”  “target”  “might”  “will”  “could”  “predict”  “continue”  “convinced” and “confident ” the negative or plural of these words and other comparable terminology. Forward looking statements in this document include  but are not limited to  predictions of future activities  operations  direction  performance and results of Danone.Although Danone believes its expectations are based on reasonable assumptions  these forward-looking statements are subject to numerous risks and uncertainties  which could cause actual results to differ materially from those anticipated in these forward-looking statements. For a detailed description of these risks and uncertainties  please refer to the “Risk Factor” section of Danone’s Universal Registration Document (the current version of which is available at www.danone.com).Subject to regulatory requirements  Danone does not undertake to publicly update or revise any of these forward-looking statements. This document does not constitute an offer to sell  or a solicitation of an offer to buy Danone securities.The presentation to analysts and investors will be broadcast live today from 8:00 a.m. (Paris time)on Danone’s website (www.danone.com).Related slides will also be available on the website in the Investors section.APPENDIX – Sales by geographical zone and by category (in € million)First quarter Second quarter Third quarter Fourth quarter Full year 2022 2023 2022 2023 2022 2023 2022 2023 2022 2023BY GEOGRAPHICAL ZONE Europe 2 142 2 248 2 289 2 429 2 270 2 392 2 169 2 313 8 871 9 382 North America 1 477 1 714 1 662 1 704 1 813 1 747 1 759 1 725 6 712 6 889 China  North Asia & Oceania 735 824 936 954 940 896 817 822 3 428 3 496 Latin America 602 689 704 779 757 771 745 704 2 805 2 794 Rest of the World 1 280 1 486 1 476 1 369 1 555 1 100 1 517 1 092 5 846 5 058BY CATEGORY EDP 3 365 3 768 3 684 3 731 3 862 3 474 3 887 3 462 14 799 14 322 Specialized Nutrition 1 919 2 143 2 106 2 142 2 134 2 070 2 147 2 174 8 319 8 504 Waters 951 1 051 1 277 1 362 1 338 1 362 972 1 019 4 543 4 793 TOTAL 6 236 6 962 7 067 7 235 7 334 6 906 7 007 6 655 27 661 27 619First quarter2023 Second quarter 2023 Third quarter2023 Fourth quarter2023 Full year2023 Reported change Like-for-like change Reported change Like-for-like change Reported change Like-for-like change Reported change Like-for-like change Reported change Like-for-like changeBY GEOGRAPHICAL ZONE Europe +4.9% +6.2% +6.1% +6.5% +5.4% +5.1% +6.6% +6.0% +5.8% +5.9% North America +16.0% +11.8% +2.5% +5.0% -3.7% +3.9% -2.0% +3.1% +2.6% +5.8% China  North Asia & Oceania +12.1% +16.0% +1.9% +9.6% -4.6% +8.4% +0.6% +7.4% +2.0% +10.1% Latin America +14.6% +12.6% +10.7% +10.8% +2.0% +8.2% -5.5% +8.1% -0.4% +9.8% Rest of the World +16.2% +11.8% -7.2% +3.9% -29.3% +9.7% -28.0% +3.5% -13.5% +7.2%BY CATEGORY EDP +12.0% +9.3% +1.3% +6.2% -10.1% +6.3% -11.0% +4.5% -3.2% +6.6% Specialized Nutrition +11.6% +12.0% +1.7% +4.9% -3.0% +5.7% +1.2% +4.7% +2.2% +6.7% Waters +10.5% +12.0% +6.6% +9.6% +1.8% +7.0% +4.9% +8.5% +5.5% +9.1% TOTAL +11.6% +10.5% +2.4% +6.4% -5.8% +6.2% -5.0% +5.1% -0.2% +7.0%All references in this document to Like-for-like (LFL) changes  Recurring operating income and margin  Margin from operations  Recurring net income  Recurring income tax rate  Recurring EPS  Free cash-flow and net financial debt  correspond to alternative performance measures not defined by IFRS. Their definitions  as well as their reconciliation with financial statements  are listed on pages 5 to 8.Attachment,neutral,0.37,0.61,0.02,mixed,0.49,0.28,0.22,True,English,"['Strong full-year results', 'Renew Danone', 'recurring operating margin Capital Market Event', 'LFL Sales Growth Volume', 'Mix Growth FY 2022 FY 2023', 'Antoine de Saint-Affrique', 'Recurring operating income', 'Medical Nutrition activity', '2023 Full-Year Key Figures', 'Recurring net income', 'strong competitive growth', 'Solid volume/mix-led performance', 'Free cash flow', 'new financial year', 'GEOGRAPHICAL ZONE Europe', 'I. FOURTH QUARTER', 'strong negative impact', 'Renew Danone agenda', 'Strong full-year results', 'Q4 sales growth', 'operating activities', 'operating segment', 'Recurring EPS', 'strong momentum', 'Specialized Nutrition', 'Net sales', '2023 Full-Year Results', 'Renew strategy', 'negative effect', 'full-year sales', 'operational performance', 'business performance', 'strong delivery', 'Press release', 'EDP transformation', 'positive territory', 'North America', 'International Delight', 'North Asia', 'Record level', 'mid-term ambition', 'moderate improvement', 'Group share', 'CEO statement', 'consistent progress', 'significant progress', 'progressive improvement', 'visible progress', 'EDP Europe', 'encouraging signs', 'positive momentum', 'consistent execution', 'EDP Russia', 'positive contribution', 'Latin America', 'CATEGORY EDP', 'consolidated sales', 'LFL basis', 'enabling investments', 'Q4 2023', 'Paris', 'February', 'price', 'Oikos', 'China', 'Oceania', 'free-cash-flow', 'deleverage', 'dividend', '2024 guidance', 'line', 'place', 'June', 'millions', 'euros', 'Change', 'expenses', 'science', 'heart', 'sustainability', 'portfolio', 'brands', 'innovations', 'capabilities', 'quality', 'value', 'stakeholders', 'context', 'volume-mix', 'lots', 'confidence', 'March', 'resilience', 'skills', 'tools', 'increase', 'forex', 'depreciation', 'majority', 'currencies', 'scope', 'deconsolidation', 'July', 'hyperinflation', 'Rest', 'World', 'Waters', 'TOTAL', '6']",2024-02-22,2024-02-23,globenewswire.com
36568,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/DANONE-4634/news/Danone-Strong-full-year-results-Consistently-delivering-on-Renew-Danone-46003724/,Danone: Strong full-year results; Consistently delivering on Renew Danone -February 22  2024 at 12:30 am EST,(marketscreener.com) 2023 Full-Year ResultsPress release – Paris  February 22  2024 Strong full-year resultsConsistently delivering on Renew Danone Net sales reached €27 619m in 2023  up +7.0% on a like-for-like basis  with price up +7.4% and volume/mix down …,2023 Full-Year ResultsPress release – Paris  February 22  2024Strong full-year resultsConsistently delivering on Renew DanoneNet sales reached €27 619m in 2023   up +7.0% on a like-for-like (LFL) basis   with price up +7.4% and volume/mix down -0.4%  up   with price up +7.4% and volume/mix down -0.4% Q4 sales growth up +5.1% on a LFL basis   with volume/mix turning positive at +0.8% EDP transformation in Europe continues to deliver results  with volume/mix back to positive territory Solid volume/mix-led performance in North America  mainly driven by International Delight and Oikos Another quarter of strong competitive growth in China  North Asia & Oceania  with Recurring operating margin up +40 bps at 12.6%   while reinvesting significantly  while reinvesting significantly Record level of free-cash-flow at €2.6 bn  enabling investments and deleverageenabling investments and deleverage Recurring EPS up +3.4% at €3.54   driven by operational performance; proposed dividend of €2.10  up +5.0%  driven by operational performance; 2024 guidance in line with mid-term ambition : like-for-like sales growth expected between +3% and +5%  with moderate improvement in recurring operating margin: like-for-like sales growth expected between +3% and +5%  with moderate improvement in recurring operating margin Capital Market Event to take place in June 20242023 Full-Year Key Figuresin millions of euros except if stated otherwise FY 2022 FY 2023 Reported Change Like-for-likeChange (LFL) Sales 27 661 27 619 -0.2% +7.0% Recurring operating income 3 377 3 481 +3.1% Recurring operating margin 12.2% 12.6% +40 bps Non-recurring operating income and expenses (1 234) (1 438) (205) Operating income 2 143 2 042 -4.7% Operating margin 7.7% 7.4% -35 bps Recurring net income – Group share 2 205 2 283 +3.5% Non-recurring net income – Group share (1 246) (1 402) (156) Net income – Group share 959 881 -8.1% Recurring EPS (€) 3.43 3.54 +3.4% EPS (€) 1.48 1.36 -8.0% Free cash flow 2 127 2 633 +23.8% Cash flow from operating activities 2 964 3 442 +16.1%1Antoine de Saint-Affrique: CEO statement2023 was a year of consistent progress and strong delivery against our Renew Danone agenda. We put science back at the heart of what we do and further tied sustainability to business performance. We made significant progress in sharpening our portfolio. We further invested behind our brands  our innovations and our capabilities  progressively improving the quality of our growth  while creating value for all stakeholders.In a context which remains challenging  the progressive improvement of our volume-mix  turning positive in Q4  the visible progress made by EDP Europe  and the continued strong momentum of our Medical Nutrition activity are encouraging signs  even if lots remains to be done.Building on the positive momentum of 2023  we are starting this new financial year with confidence in our Renew strategy. We will continue to focus on consistent execution and delivery  in line with the mid-term ambition we defined in March 2022. We will keep progressively improving the resilience of Danone  further equipping it with the skills  science and tools it needs to be future fit. As we start projecting ourselves  we look forward to hosting a Capital Market Event in June 2024.I. FOURTH QUARTER AND FULL-YEAR RESULTSFourth quarter and full-year salesIn Q4 2023  consolidated sales stood at €6.7 bn  up +5.1% on a like-for-like basis  led by an increase of +4.3% from price and +0.8% from volume/mix. On a reported basis  sales decreased by -5.0%  mainly penalized by the strong negative impact from forex (-6.0%)  reflecting the depreciation of the majority of currencies against the euro. Reported sales were also penalized by a negative effect from scope (-5.8%)  mainly resulting from the deconsolidation of EDP Russia starting from July 2023. Besides  hyperinflation contributed positively to reported sales (+2.8%).In 2023  consolidated sales stood at €27.6 bn  up +7.0% on a like-for-like basis  with price up +7.4% and volume/mix down -0.4%. On a reported basis  sales decreased by -0.2%  reflecting notably a negative impact from forex (-4.3%) and scope (-3.4%)  and a positive contribution of hyperinflation (+1.8%).Sales by operating segment€ million except % Q4 2022 Q42023 Reported change LFL SalesGrowth Volume/Mix Growth FY2022 FY2023 Reported change LFL SalesGrowth Volume/MixGrowth BY GEOGRAPHICAL ZONE Europe 2 169 2 313 +6.6% +6.0% +0.3% 8 871 9 382 +5.8% +5.9% -3.3% North America 1 759 1 725 -2.0% +3.1% +2.8% 6 712 6 889 +2.6% +5.8% +0.2% China  North Asia & Oceania 817 822 +0.6% +7.4% +4.8% 3 428 3 496 +2.0% +10.1% +8.6% Latin America 745 704 -5.5% +8.1% -1.3% 2 805 2 794 -0.4% +9.8% -1.3% Rest of the World 1 517 1 092 -28.0% +3.5% -2.9% 5 846 5 058 -13.5% +7.2% -1.8% BY CATEGORY EDP 3 887 3 462 -11.0% +4.5% +2.0% 14 799 14 322 -3.2% +6.6% -1.4% Specialized Nutrition 2 147 2 174 +1.2% +4.7% -1.3% 8 319 8 504 +2.2% +6.7% +0.6% Waters 972 1 019 +4.9% +8.5% +1.5% 4 543 4 793 +5.5% +9.1% +0.8% TOTAL 7 007 6 655 -5.0% +5.1% +0.8% 27 661 27 619 -0.2% +7.0% -0.4%In the fourth quarter  Europe sales were up +6.0% on a like-for-like basis  with price up +5.7% while volume/mix was back to positive territory  at +0.3%. EDP performance continued to improve sequentially  notably led by Actimel  Danone  YoPro and Alpro. Specialized Nutrition delivered resilient growth in a soft category  while Waters posted strong growth  driven by evian  Volvic and Zywiec Zdroj. In North America  sales were up +3.1% on a like-for-like basis  led by volume/mix  up +2.8%  while pricing normalized (+0.3%). The performance was led by Coffee Creations and Yogurts  and in particular by International Delight  Stok and Oikos. China  North Asia & Oceania delivered +7.4% like-for-like sales growth  led by volume/mix up +4.8% and price up +2.6%. In China  Specialized Nutrition maintained its momentum  in both Infant Nutrition and Medical Nutrition  while Mizone is confirming its turnaround  growing double-digits. Besides  EDP registered double-digit growth in Japan  led by Activia and Oikos. In Latin America  sales were up +8.1%  with price up +9.4% and volume/mix down -1.3%. The performance was driven by all geographies and categories  and in particular by Oikos  YoPro and Bonafont. In the Rest of the World  sales increased by +3.5% on a like-for-like basis  with price up +6.4% and volume/mix down -2.9%  notably led by a sustained momentum in Specialized Nutrition across Asia and Middle-East.Sales by geography by categoryQ4 2023Europe North America China/North Asia/Oceania AMEA  CIS & Latin America Total Net sales (€m) LFL sales growth (%) Net sales (€m) LFL sales growth (%) Net sales (€m) LFL sales growth (%) Net sales (€m) LFL sales growth (%) Net sales (€m) LFL sales growth (%) EDP 1 081 +5.6% 1 583 +3.6% 89 +13.1% 708 +3.8% 3 462 +4.5% Specialized Nutrition 795 +4.6% 77 -8.7% 652 +5.7% 649 +5.9% 2 174 +4.7% Waters 436 +9.4% 65 +7.2% 80 +15.7% 438 +6.6% 1 019 +8.5% Total Company 2 313 +6.0% 1 725 +3.1% 822 +7.4% 1 795 +5.2% 6 655 +5.1%FY 2023Europe North America China/North Asia/Oceania AMEA  CIS & Latin America Total Net sales (€m) LFL sales growth (%) Net sales (€m) LFL sales growth (%) Net sales (€m) LFL sales growth (%) Net sales (€m) LFL sales growth (%) Net sales (€m) LFL sales growth (%) EDP 4 300 +5.8% 6 273 +6.3% 360 15.3% 3 389 +7.1% 14 322 +6.6% Specialized Nutrition 3 079 +3.4% 342 -6.5% 2 445 +8.3% 2 639 +11.3% 8 504 +6.7% Waters 2 003 +10.4% 275 +13.1% 692 +14.1% 1 824 +5.5% 4 793 +9.1% Total Company 9 382 +5.9% 6 889 +5.8% 3 496 +10.1% 7 852 +8.1% 27 619 +7.0%Recurring Operating MarginRecurring operating profit (€m) and margin (%)FY 2022 FY 2023 Reportedchange €m Margin (%) €m Margin (%)BY GEOGRAPHICAL ZONE Europe 1 084 12.2% 1 076 11.5% -75 bps North America 679 10.1% 699 10.1% +3 bps China  North Asia & Oceania 1 037 30.2% 1 052 30.1% -15 bps Latin America 55 1.9% 123 4.4% +247 bps Rest of the World 522 8.9% 530 10.5% +155 bpsBY CATEGORY EDP 1 207 8.2% 1 224 8.5% +39 bps Specialized Nutrition 1 799 21.6% 1 772 20.8% -79 bps Waters 370 8.2% 485 10.1% +197 bps Total 3 377 12.2% 3 481 12.6% +40 bpsDanone’s recurring operating income reached €3.5 bn in 2023. Recurring operating margin stood at 12.6%  up +40 basis points (bps) compared to last year. This increase was mainly driven by the improvement of the margin from operations  up +142 bps: topline drivers  including volume  mix and price  had a combined impact of c. +590 bps  partially offset by the still strong negative impact of input-cost inflation net of productivity  at c. -450 bps.Besides  Danone continued to step-up its reinvestments in A&P  product superiority and capabilities  that had a negative effect of -97 bps in 2023. Finally  Scope  Forex and others had a +13 bps positive impact on Recurring operating margin  partially offset by Overheads before reinvestments  that had a negative effect of -18 bps.Net income and Earnings per shareFY 2022 FY 2023 in millions of euros except if stated otherwise Recurring Non-recurring Total Recurring Non-recurring Total Recurring operating income 3 377 3 377 3 481 3 481 Other operating income and expense (1 234) (1 234) (1 438) (1 438) Operating income 3 377 (1 234) 2 143 3 481 (1 438) 2 042 Cost of net debt (153) (153) (172) (172) Other financial income and expense (138) (20) (158) (135) (49) (185) Income before taxes 3 086 (1 253) 1 832 3 173 (1 487) 1 686 Income tax (841) 64 (778) (864) 95 (768) Effective tax rate 27.3% 42.4% 27.2% 45.6% Net income from fully consolidated companies 2 244 (1 190) 1 054 2 309 (1 392) 917 Share of profit (loss) of equity-accounted companies 31 (63) (32) 55 (19) 36 Net income 2 275 (1 252) 1 023 2 364 (1 411) 953 • Group share 2 205 (1 246) 959 2 283 (1 402) 881 • Non-controlling interests 70 (6) 64 81 (9) 72 EPS (€) 3.43 1.48 3.54 1.36Other operating income and expense reached -€1 438 million in 2023  vs -€1 234 million in the prior year  due to the deconsolidation of EDP Russia and the impairment resulting from the signing of an agreement to sell the organic dairy platform in the US.Share of profit of equity-accounted companies stood at €36 million  improving from -€32 million last year  which reflected the impairment related to the disposal of the remaining minority investments in Mengniu partnerships. Non-controlling interests stood at €72 million  up from €64 million in 2022.As a result  Reported EPS decreased by -8.0% to €1.36  while Recurring EPS was up +3.4% to €3.54.Cash flow and DebtFree cash flow reached €2 633 million in 2023  increasing from €2 127 million in 2022  reflecting the significant increase in cash-flow from operating activities. Capex stood at €847 million.As of December 31  2023  Danone’s net debt stood at €10.2 billion  slightly increasing from €10.1 billion last year. While the company reduced its debt by c. €0.7 billion in 2023  this improvement was offset by the redemption of a c. €0.8 billion hybrid bond which was financed by a bond issuance. This reflects Danone’s continued improvement in the quality of its balance sheet.DividendAt the Annual Shareholders’ Meeting on April 25  2024  Danone’s Board of Directors will propose a dividend of €2.10 per share in respect of the 2023 fiscal year  up +5.0% compared to last year  and back to 2019 record-level. Assuming this proposal is approved  the ex-dividend date will be May 3  2024  and the dividend will be payable on May 7  2024.II. 2024 GUIDANCE2024 guidance in line with mid-term ambition: Like-for-like sales growth between +3% and +5% with moderate improvement in recurring operating margin.III. MAJOR DEVELOPMENTS OVER THE PERIODNovember 6  2023: Danone issued a €800 million bond with a 6-year maturity and a 3.706% coupon. The settlement took place on November 13  2023  and the bonds are listed on Euronext Paris.Danone issued a €800 million bond with a 6-year maturity and a 3.706% coupon. The settlement took place on November 13  2023  and the bonds are listed on Euronext Paris. December 20  2023: Danone published its Climate Transition Plan  detailing its roadmap to reach its 2030 1.5°C science-based targets and setting its pathway to achieve Net-Zero emissions by 2050 across its entire value chain.Danone published its Climate Transition Plan  detailing its roadmap to reach its 2030 1.5°C science-based targets and setting its pathway to achieve Net-Zero emissions by 2050 across its entire value chain. January 2  2024: Danone announced it has signed an agreement to sell its premium organic dairy activity in the U.S. to Platinum Equity  a US-based investment firm. The sale is part of Danone’s portfolio review and asset rotation program the company announced in March 2022  as part of its Renew Danone strategy.Danone announced it has signed an agreement to sell its premium organic dairy activity in the U.S. to Platinum Equity  a US-based investment firm. The sale is part of Danone’s portfolio review and asset rotation program the company announced in March 2022  as part of its Renew Danone strategy. February 6  2024: Danone has been recognized  for the fifth year in a row  for leadership in corporate transparency and performance in climate change  forests  and water security by global environmental non-profit organization CDP. Out of the 21 000 companies scored in 2023  Danone is one of the only 10 companies that achieved a place on the A List for the three environmental areas covered by CDP: climate change  forest preservation and water security.IV. SHAREHOLDERS’ MEETING AND FINANCIAL STATEMENTSAt its meeting on February 21  2024  the Board of Directors approved the draft resolutions that will be submitted to the approval of the Shareholders’ Meeting on April 25. In particular  the Board proposes that shareholders renew the appointments of Gilbert Ghostine and Lise Kingo  whose current term of office will expire on the next Shareholders’ Meeting. It will also submit to the Shareholder’s Meeting resolutions on the compensation of corporate officers  on the appointment of sustainability auditors  on share buy-backs and on employees share capital increases  as well as a resolution proposing to remove from the by-laws the statutory cap on voting rights.At its meeting on February 21  2024  the Board of Directors closed statutory and consolidated financial statements for the 2023 fiscal year. Regarding the audit process  the statutory auditors have substantially completed their examination of financial statements as of today.V. ALTERNATIVE PERFORMANCE MEASURES NOT DEFINED BY IFRSIAS 29: impact on reported dataDanone has been applying IAS 29 in hyperinflation countries as defined in IFRS. Adoption of IAS 29 in hyperinflationary countries requires its non-monetary assets and liabilities and its income statement to be restated to reflect the changes in the general pricing power of its functional currency  leading to a gain or loss on the net monetary position included in the net income. Moreover  its financial statements are converted into euros using the closing exchange rate of the relevant period.IAS 29: impact on reported data€ million except % Q4 2023 FY 2023 Sales -52 -198 Sales growth (%) -0.78% -0.71% Recurring Operating Income -55 Recurring Net Income – Group share -64Breakdown by quarter of FY 2023 sales after application of IAS 29FY 2023 sales correspond to the addition of:Q4 2023 reported sales;Q1  Q2 and Q3 2023 sales resulting from the application of IAS 29 until December 31  2023  to sales of entities in hyperinflation countries (application of the inflation rate until December 31  2023  and translation into euros using the December 31  2023  closing rate) and provided in the table below for information (unaudited data)€ million Q1 20231 Q2 20232 Q3 20233 Q4 2023 FY 2023 Europe 2 248 2 429 2 392 2 313 9 382 North America 1 714 1 704 1 747 1 725 6 889 China  North Asia & Oceania 824 954 896 822 3 496 Latin America 639 727 724 704 2 794 Rest of the World 1 480 1 392 1 095 1 092 5 058 Total 6 904 7 205 6 854 6 655 27 6191Results from the application of IAS 29 until December 31  2023  to Q1 sales of entities of hyperinflation countries.2Results from the application of IAS 29 until December 31  2023  to Q2 sales of entities of hyperinflation countries.3Results from the application of IAS 29 until December 31  2023  to Q3 sales of entities of hyperinflation countries.Definitions of geographical zonesEurope refers to European countries and Ukraine.North America includes United States and Canada.China  North Asia & Oceania includes China  Japan  Australia and New-Zealand.Latin America includes Mexico  Brazil  Argentina and Uruguay.Rest of the World includes AMEA (Asia  Middle East including Turkey  Africa) and CIS.Financial indicators not defined in IFRSDue to rounding  the sum of values presented may differ from totals as reported. Such differences are not material.Like-for-like changes in sales reflect Danone's organic performance and essentially exclude the impact of:changes in consolidation scope  with indicators related to a given fiscal year calculated on the basis of the previous year's scope;changes in applicable accounting principles;changes in exchange rates  with both previous-year and current-year indicators calculated using the same exchange rates (the exchange rate used is a projected annual rate determined by Danone for the current year and applied to both previous and current years).Like-for-like changes in recurring operating margin are not disclosed anymore as the indicator is not constitutive of the company’s guidance nor used by the company to comment the results.Since January 1st  2023  all countries with hyperinflationary economies are taken into account in like-for-like changes as follows: net sales growth in excess of around 26% per year (a three-year average at 26% would generally trigger the application of hyperinflationary accounting as defined in IFRS) is now excluded from the like-for-like net sales growth calculation.Bridge from reported data to like-for-like data(€ million except %) FY 2022 Like-for-like change Impact of changesin scope of consolidation Impact of changes in exchange rates & others incl. IAS 29 Contribution of hyperinflation Reported change FY 2023 Sales 27 661 +7.0% -3.4% -5.6% +1.8% -0.2% 27 619Margin from operations is defined as the Gross margin over Net sales ratio  where Gross margin corresponds to the difference between Net sales and Industrial costs excluding reengineering initiatives and Logistics / Transportation costs.Recurring operating income is defined as Danone’s operating income excluding Other operating income and expenses. Other operating income and expenses comprise items that  because of their significant or unusual nature  cannot be viewed as inherent to Danone’s recurring activity and have limited predictive value  thus distorting the assessment of its recurring operating performance and its evolution. These mainly include:capital gains and losses on disposals of fully consolidated companies;impairment charges on intangible assets with indefinite useful lives;costs related to strategic restructurings or transformation plans;costs related to major external growth transactions;costs related to major crisis and major litigations;in connection with IFRS 3 (Revised) and IAS 27 (Revised) relating to business combinations  (i) acquisition costs related to business combinations  (ii) revaluation profit or loss accounted for following a loss of control  and (iii) changes in earn-outs relating to business combinations and subsequent to acquisition date.Recurring operating margin is defined as the Recurring operating income over Sales ratio.Other non-recurring financial income and expense corresponds to financial income and expense items that  in view of their significant or unusual nature  cannot be considered as inherent to Danone’s recurring financial management. These mainly include changes in value of non-consolidated interests.Non-recurring income tax corresponds to income tax on non-recurring items as well as tax income and expense items that  in view of their significant or unusual nature  cannot be considered as inherent to Danone’s recurring performance.Recurring effective tax rate measures the effective tax rate of Danone’s recurring performance and is computed as the ratio of income tax related to recurring items over recurring net income before tax.Non-recurring share of profit of equity-accounted companies includes items that  because of their significant or unusual nature  cannot be viewed as inherent to the companies' recurring activity and thereby distort the assessment of their recurring performance and trends in that performance. These items mainly relate to (i) capital gains and losses on disposals of investments in equity-accounted companies  (ii) impairment of goodwill  and (iii) non-recurring items  as defined by Danone  included in the share of profit of equity-accounted companies.Recurring net income (or Recurring net income – Group Share) corresponds to the Group share of the consolidated Recurring net income. The Recurring net income excludes items that  because of their significant or unusual nature  cannot be viewed as inherent to Danone’s recurring activity and have limited predictive value  thus distorting the assessment of its recurring performance and its evolution. Such non-recurring income and expenses correspond to Other operating income and expenses  Other non-recurring financial income and expenses  Non-recurring income tax  and Non-recurring income from equity-accounted companies. Such income and expenses  excluded from Net income  represent Non-recurring net income.Recurring EPS (or Recurring net income – Group Share  per share after dilution) is defined as the ratio of Recurring net income adjusted for hybrid financing over Diluted number of shares. In compliance with IFRS  income used to calculate EPS is adjusted for the coupon related to the hybrid financing accrued for the period and presented net of tax.FY 2022 FY 2023 Recurring Total Recurring Total Net income-Group share (€ million) 2 205 959 2 283 881 Coupon related to hybrid financing net of tax (€ million) (13) (13) (8) (8) Number of shares • Before dilution 639 050 821 639 050 821 641 030 818 641 030 818 • After dilution 639 484 607 639 484 607 641 738 674 641 738 674 EPS (€) • Before dilution 3.43 1.48 3.55 1.36 • After dilution 3.43 1.48 3.54 1.36Free cash flow represents cash flows provided or used by operating activities less capital expenditure net of disposals and  in connection with IFRS 3 (Revised)  relating to business combinations  excluding (i) acquisition costs related to business combinations  and (ii) earn-outs related to business combinations and paid subsequently to acquisition date.(€ million) FY 2022 FY 2023 Cash-flow from operating activities 2 964 3 442 Capital expenditure (873) (847) Disposal of tangible assets & transaction fees related to business combinations1 37 38 Free cash-flow 2 127 2 6331 Represents acquisition costs related to business combinations paid during the period.Net financial debt represents the net debt portion bearing interest. It corresponds to current and non-current financial debt (i) excluding Liabilities related to put options granted to non-controlling interests and earn-outs on acquisitions resulting in control and (ii) net of Cash and cash equivalents  Short term investments and Derivatives – assets managing net debt.(€ million) December 31  2022 December 31  2023 Non-current financial debt 11 238 10 739 Current financial debt 3 298 4 270 Short-term investments (3 631) (3 638) Cash (1 051) (2 363) Bank Overdraft 330 1 264 Derivatives — non-current assets1 (18) (34) Derivatives — current-assets1 (60) (16) Net debt 10 107 10 221 Liabilities related to put options granted to non-controlling interests — non-current (59) - Liabilities related to put options granted to non-controlling interests and earn-outs on acquisitions resulting in control — current (263) (356) Net financial debt 9 785 9 8651 Managing net debt onlyo o O o oFORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTSThis press release contains certain forward-looking statements concerning Danone. In some cases  you can identify these forward-looking statements by forward-looking words  such as “estimate”  “expect”  “anticipate”  “project”  “plan”  “intend”  “objective”  “believe”  “forecast”  “guidance”  “foresee”  “likely”  “may”  “should”  “goal”  “target”  “might”  “will”  “could”  “predict”  “continue”  “convinced” and “confident ” the negative or plural of these words and other comparable terminology. Forward looking statements in this document include  but are not limited to  predictions of future activities  operations  direction  performance and results of Danone.Although Danone believes its expectations are based on reasonable assumptions  these forward-looking statements are subject to numerous risks and uncertainties  which could cause actual results to differ materially from those anticipated in these forward-looking statements. For a detailed description of these risks and uncertainties  please refer to the “Risk Factor” section of Danone’s Universal Registration Document (the current version of which is available at www.danone.com).Subject to regulatory requirements  Danone does not undertake to publicly update or revise any of these forward-looking statements. This document does not constitute an offer to sell  or a solicitation of an offer to buy Danone securities.The presentation to analysts and investors will be broadcast live today from 8:00 a.m. (Paris time)on Danone’s website (www.danone.com).Related slides will also be available on the website in the Investors section.APPENDIX – Sales by geographical zone and by category (in € million)First quarter Second quarter Third quarter Fourth quarter Full year 2022 2023 2022 2023 2022 2023 2022 2023 2022 2023BY GEOGRAPHICAL ZONE Europe 2 142 2 248 2 289 2 429 2 270 2 392 2 169 2 313 8 871 9 382 North America 1 477 1 714 1 662 1 704 1 813 1 747 1 759 1 725 6 712 6 889 China  North Asia & Oceania 735 824 936 954 940 896 817 822 3 428 3 496 Latin America 602 689 704 779 757 771 745 704 2 805 2 794 Rest of the World 1 280 1 486 1 476 1 369 1 555 1 100 1 517 1 092 5 846 5 058BY CATEGORY EDP 3 365 3 768 3 684 3 731 3 862 3 474 3 887 3 462 14 799 14 322 Specialized Nutrition 1 919 2 143 2 106 2 142 2 134 2 070 2 147 2 174 8 319 8 504 Waters 951 1 051 1 277 1 362 1 338 1 362 972 1 019 4 543 4 793 TOTAL 6 236 6 962 7 067 7 235 7 334 6 906 7 007 6 655 27 661 27 619First quarter2023 Second quarter 2023 Third quarter2023 Fourth quarter2023 Full year2023 Reported change Like-for-like change Reported change Like-for-like change Reported change Like-for-like change Reported change Like-for-like change Reported change Like-for-like changeBY GEOGRAPHICAL ZONE Europe +4.9% +6.2% +6.1% +6.5% +5.4% +5.1% +6.6% +6.0% +5.8% +5.9% North America +16.0% +11.8% +2.5% +5.0% -3.7% +3.9% -2.0% +3.1% +2.6% +5.8% China  North Asia & Oceania +12.1% +16.0% +1.9% +9.6% -4.6% +8.4% +0.6% +7.4% +2.0% +10.1% Latin America +14.6% +12.6% +10.7% +10.8% +2.0% +8.2% -5.5% +8.1% -0.4% +9.8% Rest of the World +16.2% +11.8% -7.2% +3.9% -29.3% +9.7% -28.0% +3.5% -13.5% +7.2%BY CATEGORY EDP +12.0% +9.3% +1.3% +6.2% -10.1% +6.3% -11.0% +4.5% -3.2% +6.6% Specialized Nutrition +11.6% +12.0% +1.7% +4.9% -3.0% +5.7% +1.2% +4.7% +2.2% +6.7% Waters +10.5% +12.0% +6.6% +9.6% +1.8% +7.0% +4.9% +8.5% +5.5% +9.1% TOTAL +11.6% +10.5% +2.4% +6.4% -5.8% +6.2% -5.0% +5.1% -0.2% +7.0%All references in this document to Like-for-like (LFL) changes  Recurring operating income and margin  Margin from operations  Recurring net income  Recurring income tax rate  Recurring EPS  Free cash-flow and net financial debt  correspond to alternative performance measures not defined by IFRS. Their definitions  as well as their reconciliation with financial statements  are listed on pages 5 to 8.Attachment,positive,0.5,0.48,0.02,mixed,0.49,0.28,0.22,True,English,"['Strong full-year results', 'Renew Danone', 'February', '12:30', 'recurring operating margin Capital Market Event', 'LFL Sales Growth Volume', 'Mix Growth FY 2022 FY 2023', 'Antoine de Saint-Affrique', 'Recurring operating income', 'Medical Nutrition activity', '2023 Full-Year Key Figures', 'Recurring net income', 'strong competitive growth', 'Solid volume/mix-led performance', 'Free cash flow', 'new financial year', 'GEOGRAPHICAL ZONE Europe', 'I. FOURTH QUARTER', 'strong negative impact', 'Renew Danone agenda', 'Strong full-year results', 'Q4 sales growth', 'operating activities', 'operating segment', 'Recurring EPS', 'strong momentum', 'Specialized Nutrition', 'Net sales', '2023 Full-Year Results', 'Renew strategy', 'negative effect', 'full-year sales', 'operational performance', 'business performance', 'strong delivery', 'Press release', 'EDP transformation', 'positive territory', 'North America', 'International Delight', 'North Asia', 'Record level', 'mid-term ambition', 'moderate improvement', 'Group share', 'CEO statement', 'consistent progress', 'significant progress', 'progressive improvement', 'visible progress', 'EDP Europe', 'encouraging signs', 'positive momentum', 'consistent execution', 'EDP Russia', 'positive contribution', 'Latin America', 'CATEGORY EDP', 'consolidated sales', 'LFL basis', 'enabling investments', 'Q4 2023', 'Paris', 'February', 'price', 'Oikos', 'China', 'Oceania', 'free-cash-flow', 'deleverage', 'dividend', '2024 guidance', 'line', 'place', 'June', 'millions', 'euros', 'Change', 'expenses', 'science', 'heart', 'sustainability', 'portfolio', 'brands', 'innovations', 'capabilities', 'quality', 'value', 'stakeholders', 'context', 'volume-mix', 'lots', 'confidence', 'March', 'resilience', 'skills', 'tools', 'increase', 'forex', 'depreciation', 'majority', 'currencies', 'scope', 'deconsolidation', 'July', 'hyperinflation', 'Rest', 'World', 'Waters', 'TOTAL', '6']",2024-02-22,2024-02-23,marketscreener.com
36569,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2024/02/22/2833345/0/en/BE-Semiconductor-Industries-N-V-Announces-Q4-23-and-Full-Year-2023-Results.html,BE Semiconductor Industries N.V. Announces Q4-23 and Full Year 2023 Results,Q4-23 Revenue and Net Income of € 159.6 Million and € 54.9 Million Up 15.9% and 36.6%  Respectively  vs. Q4-22. Results Exceed Prior Guidance.     ...,"Q4-23 Revenue and Net Income of € 159.6 Million and € 54.9 Million Up 15.9% and 36.6%  Respectively  vs. Q4-22. Results Exceed Prior Guidance.Orders of € 166.4 Million  Up 30.7% vs. Q3-23FY-23 Revenue and Net Income of € 578.9 Million and € 177.1 Million  RespectivelyProposed Dividend of € 2.15 per Share for Fiscal 2023. 94% Pay-Out RatioDUIVEN  the Netherlands  Feb. 22  2024 (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) -- BE Semiconductor Industries N.V. (the “Company"" or ""Besi"") (Euronext Amsterdam: BESI; OTC markets: BESIY)  a leading manufacturer of assembly equipment for the semiconductor industry  today announced its results for the fourth quarter and year ended December 31  2023.Highlights Q4-23Revenue of € 159.6 million  up 29.4% vs. Q3-23 and 15.9% vs. Q4-22 due to increased shipments for hybrid bonding  photonics and other AI related computing applicationsSimilarly  orders of € 166.4 million  up 30.7% vs. Q3-23. Down 7.8% vs. Q4-22 due to pull forward of bookings for high-end mobile applications in Q4-22 related to customer supply chain concernsGross margin of 65.1% rose 0.5 points vs. Q3-23 and 2.8 points vs. Q4-22 due to favorable advanced packaging product mix and net forex benefitsNet income of € 54.9 million rose 56.9% vs. Q3-23 and 36.6% vs. Q4-22 principally due to higher revenue and gross margin levels and cost control efforts which limited expense growth. Similarly  net margins improved to 34.4% vs. 28.4% in Q3-23 and 29.2% in Q4-22Net cash increased 25.3% vs. Q3-23 to reach € 113.0 million. Year-end net cash position reflects € 435.5 million capital allocation in 2023Proposed dividend of € 2.15 per share. Represents pay-out ratio of 94%Highlights FY 2023Revenue of € 578.9 million decreased 19.9% due to adverse market conditions and reduced demand for mainstream computing and  to a lesser extent  automotive applicationsSimilarly  orders of € 548.3 million declined 17.4% partially offset by strong growth in H2-23 for photonics  hybrid bonding and 2.5D logic/memory applications as customers build out generative AI capacityGross margin rose to 64.9% vs. 61.3% in 2022 due to successful new product introductions  cost control efforts  effective supply chain management and net forex benefitsNet income of € 177.1 million decreased 26.4% due to lower revenue levels in a challenging industry environment. Besi’s net margin of 30.6% remained highly attractive despite downturnOutlook Q1-24Revenue anticipated to decrease 5-15% vs. Q4-23Gross margin expected to range between 64-66%Baseline operating expenses expected to increase 0%-5% from € 35.6 million in Q4-23. Total operating expenses expected to increase 50-55% due to an approximately € 15 million increase in share-based  incentive compensation expense(€ millions  except EPS) Q4-2023 Q3-2023 Δ Q4-2022 Δ FY2023 FY2022 Δ Revenue 159.6 123.3 +29.4% 137.7 +15.9% 578.9 722.9 -19.9% Orders 166.4 127.3 +30.7% 180.5 -7.8% 548.3 663.7 -17.4% Operating Income 66.1 42.7 +54.8% 48.7 +35.7% 213.4 294.1 -27.4% EBITDA 72.7 48.9 +48.7% 54.8 +32.7% 239.1 317.1 -24.6% Net Income 54.9 35.0 +56.9% 40.2 +36.6% 177.1 240.6 -26.4% Net Margin 34.4% 28.4% +6.0 29.2% +5.2 30.6% 33.3% -2.7 EPS (basic) 0.71 0.45 +57.8% 0.51 +39.2% 2.28 3.03 -24.8% EPS (diluted) 0.68 0.45 +51.1% 0.50 +36.0% 2.23 2.90 -23.1% Net Cash and Deposits 113.0 90.2 +25.3% 346.5 -67.4% 113.0 346.5 -67.4%Richard W. Blickman  President and Chief Executive Officer of Besi  commented:""Besi made significant progress this year in building its leadership position in advanced packaging for next generation AI and high-performance computing devices. We focused R&D resources on product innovation for advanced packaging growth anticipated over the next decade and in preparation for the next industry upturn. Progress also continued on Besi’s hybrid bonding agenda as our installed base increased to over 40 systems and adoption expanded from 3 to 9 customers encompassing North American  European  Taiwanese and Korean IDMs  foundries  subcontractors and research institutes for logic and memory applications. In addition  we responded quickly and effectively to a steep industry downturn by rapidly aligning production and overhead levels to enhance our market position  increase gross margins and maintain superior financial performance. Shareholders also benefitted from a 141.2% increase in our share price and the capital allocation of € 435.5 million in the form of dividends and share repurchases.We also continue to formulate and execute strategic initiatives to position Besi for solid profitability and sustainable growth over the next decade. We expanded our operational footprint in Malaysia and Singapore and established a new high precision tooling facility in Vietnam this year in response to customers’ re-allocation of certain production outside of China and in anticipation of the growth of hybrid bonding and other advanced packaging technologies. Significant progress also was achieved on our ESG agenda as we made advances in the sustainable design of our platforms  positioned ourselves to meet or exceed challenging targets set for 2024 and launched many new initiatives across the company to further reduce Besi’s environmental footprint.In addition  we formed a Technology Advisory Board to advance our core technology  competitive position and growth prospects. The Board will consist initially of three individuals along with myself and Chris Scanlan  Besi’s SVP Technology. The external members will include Marvin Liao  formerly VP Operations/Advanced Packaging Technology and Service of TSMC  Frits van Hout  formerly EVP and Chief Strategy Officer of ASML NV and Vincent DiCaprio  currently VP Advanced Packaging and ICAPS/Head of Business and Corporate Development of Applied Materials.Overall  we are encouraged by our performance this year as Besi’s leadership position in advanced packaging lessened the adverse effects of an industry downturn as severe as the 2017-2019 period. For the year  revenue  orders and net income of € 578.9 million  € 548.3 million and € 177.1 million declined by 19.9%  17.4% and 26.4%  respectively  versus 2022. Revenue and order weakness reflected significantly reduced demand for mainstream computing applications by both IDMs and Asian subcontractors and  to a lesser extent  reduced demand for automotive applications following strong growth over the past two years. Such weakness was partially offset by increased demand in the second half of the year for silicon photonics  hybrid bonding and 2.5D logic/memory applications as customers began to build out their AI and high-performance computing capacity. In particular  hybrid bonding orders and year-end backlog approximately doubled versus comparable levels of the prior year. Of note  approximately half of Q4-23 orders were represented by our most advanced 100nm accuracy hybrid bonding systems.We achieved peer leading operating and net margins of 36.9% and 30.6% in 2023 due to the alignment of Besi’s operating model to difficult market realities. In fact  gross margins increased to 64.9% versus 61.3% in 2022 due to successful new product introductions supported by a keen focus on cost control efforts  effective supply chain management and net forex benefits.Besi ended the year with a solid liquidity base consisting of cash  cash equivalents and deposits aggregating € 413.5 million. Of note  we completed a € 300 million share repurchase program in October 2023 and launched a new € 60 million program due for completion in October 2024. As such  share repurchases increased by 45.4% to € 213.4 million in 2023  or 2.6 million shares. In addition  we propose to pay a cash dividend of € 2.15 per share for approval at Besi’s 2024 AGM which represents a pay-out ratio of 94%. Including such dividend  we will have returned approximately € 1.9 billion to shareholders since 2011  or approximately 30% of cumulative revenue during this period.Q4-23 operating results were significantly better than both Q3-23 and Q4-22 as our favorable market positioning offset continued weakness in demand for mainstream assembly equipment. For the quarter  revenue of € 159.6 million was up 29.4% and 15.9% versus Q3-23 and Q4-22  respectively. The increase was due to higher shipments for hybrid bonding  photonics and other AI-related  2.5D applications continuing trends we saw last quarter. Of note  we shipped our first in-line  flip chip system for 2.5D HBM/logic applications to address the needs of this growing market segment. Orders of € 166.4 million were up 30.7% versus Q3-23  of which a portion is anticipated to be shipped in Q2/Q3-24. Operating profit also improved versus prior guidance as gross margins increased to 65.1% due to a favorable advanced packaging product mix and net forex benefits as well as cost control efforts which kept overhead levels relatively constant versus Q4-22. As such  net margins rose to 34.4% versus 28.4% in Q3-23 and 29.2% in Q4-22.We believe we are in the early phase of a new assembly upturn after a revenue decrease of approximately 40% from the last cyclical peak in 2021 (as per TechInsights). Industry analysts anticipate that the market will rebound in 2024-2026 driven primarily by a recovery in mainstream assembly and Chinese markets  additional capacity needed for next generation AI logic/memory applications and new wafer fab facilities coming online requiring advanced packaging capacity. The slope of the recovery this year is uncertain given restrained demand for mainstream applications and weakness in automotive end-user markets currently.For Q1-24  we expect revenue to decrease by 5-15% versus Q4-23 and for gross margins to range between 64-66% due to a favorable advanced packaging product mix. Baseline operating expenses are forecast to increase by 0-5% versus Q4-23 with total operating expenses expected to increase by 50-55% due to a € 15 million increase in share-based incentive compensation expense.”Fourth Quarter Results of Operations€ millions Q4-2023 Q3-2023 Δ Q4-2022 Δ Revenue 159.6 123.3 +29.4% 137.7 +15.9% Orders 166.4 127.3 +30.7% 180.5 -7.8% Book to Bill Ratio 1.04x 1.03x +0.01 1.31x -0.27Q4-23 revenue of € 159.6 million increased by 29.4% and 15.9% versus Q3-23 and Q4-22  respectively  and was above prior guidance. The increase was due primarily to increased shipments for hybrid bonding  photonics and other AI-related  2.5D applications. Similarly  orders of € 166.4 million increased by 30.7% versus Q3-23. Versus Q4-22  orders decreased by 7.8% principally due to the pull forward of high-end smartphone bookings in Q4-22 related to customer supply chain concerns. Per customer type  IDM orders in Q4-23 increased € 12.2 million  or 17.3%  versus Q3-23 and represented 50% of total orders. Subcontractor orders increased by € 26.9 million  or 47.4%  versus Q3-23 and represented 50% of total orders.€ millions Q4-2023 Q3-2023 Δ Q4-2022 Δ Gross Margin 65.1% 64.6% +0.5 62.3% +2.8 Operating Expenses 37.8 36.9 +2.4% 37.1 +1.9% Financial Expense  net 0.7 1.8 -61.1% 3.6 -80.6% EBITDA 72.7 48.9 +48.7% 54.8 +32.7%Besi’s gross margin of 65.1% increased by 0.5 points versus Q3-23 and by 2.8 points versus Q4-22 primarily due to a more favorable advanced packaging product mix and net forex benefits.Q4-23 operating expenses increased by 2.4% and 1.9% versus Q3-23 and Q4-22  respectively  and were slightly more favorable than guidance. Overhead growth was limited due to the benefits from strategic cost control initiatives despite significantly increased revenue levels.Q4-23 financial expense  net  decreased by € 1.1 million versus Q3-23 and € 2.9 million versus Q4-22 primarily related to increased interest income earned on cash balances outstanding.€ millions Q4-2023 Q3-2023 Δ Q4-2022 Δ Net Income 54.9 35.0 +56.9% 40.2 +36.6% Net Margin 34.4% 28.4% +6.0 29.2% +5.2 Tax Rate 16.1% 14.4% +1.7 10.9% +5.2Besi’s Q4-23 net income of € 54.9 million increased by € 19.9 million  or 56.9%  versus Q3-23 due primarily to a 29.4% revenue increase which significantly exceeded operating expense growth of 2.4%. The 36.6% profit increase versus Q4-22 was due primarily to higher revenue levels  a 2.8-point increase in gross margins and a € 2.9 million reduction in financial expense  net. The effective tax rate in Q4-23 of 16.1% was adversely affected by a € 2.3 million downward adjustment of deferred tax assets. Excluding such adjustment  the effective tax rate would have been 12.5%.Full Year Results of Operations€ millions FY 2023 FY 2022 Δ Revenue 578.9 722.9 -19.9% Orders 548.3 663.7 -17.4% Gross Margin 64.9% 61.3% +3.6 Operating Income 213.4 294.1 -27.4% Net Income 177.1 240.6 -26.4% Net Margin 30.6% 33.3% -2.7 Tax Rate 14.7% 12.6% +2.1Besi’s revenue in 2023 declined 19.9% versus 2022 principally due to adverse market conditions in the assembly equipment market which declined by approximately 26% as per TechInsights. It also reflected significantly reduced demand for mainstream consumer electronics by both IDMs and Asian subcontractors and  to a lesser extent  reduced demand for automotive applications. Orders of € 548.3 million declined 17.4% versus 2022 primarily due to decreased demand for mainstream consumer electronics and automotive applications partially offset by strong growth in the second half of the year for silicon photonics  hybrid bonding and 2.50 logic/memory applications.Besi’s net income of € 177.1 million in 2023 decreased by € 63.5 million  or 26.4%  versus 2022 due primarily to a 19.9% revenue reduction and higher strategic consulting and share-based compensation expense partially offset by a (i) 3.6-point gross margin increase due to a more favorable product mix  net forex benefits and cost control efforts as well as (ii) a € 12.9 million improvement in financial expense  net due to higher interest income earned on cash balances outstanding.Financial Condition€ millions Q42023 Q32023 Δ Q42022 Δ FY2023 FY2022 Δ Total Cash and Deposits 413.5 391.2 +5.7% 671.7 -38.4% 413.5 671.7 -38.4% Net Cash and Deposits 113.0 90.2 +25.3% 346.5 -67.4% 113.0 346.5 -67.4% Cash flow from Ops. 53.3 65.1 -18.1% 86.6 -38.5% 208.6 271.9 -23.3%At year-end 2023  Besi had a solid liquidity position with total cash and deposits aggregating € 413.5 million  an increase of € 22.3 million  or 5.7%  versus Q3-23. Growth was primarily due to € 53.3 million of cash flow from operations which was used to fund (i) € 23.1 million of share repurchases  (ii) € 5.8 million of capitalized development spending and (iii) € 1.5 million of capital expenditures. Similarly  net cash of € 113.0 million at quarter end increased by 25.3% versus Q3-23.For the full year  Besi’s cash and deposits decreased by € 258.2 million primarily due to a total capital allocation of € 435.5 million to shareholders. Similarly  Besi’s year-end net cash position of € 113.0 million decreased by € 233.5 million versus year-end 2022 which also included the conversion into equity of € 31.7 million of our 2016 and 2017 Convertible Notes.Share Repurchase ActivityOn October 27  2023  Besi completed its € 300 million share repurchase program under which approximately 4.3 million shares were repurchased at an average price per share of € 69.87. On October 26  2023  Besi announced a new € 60 million repurchase program with an anticipated completion date of October 2024 under which approximately 78 000 shares were purchased in 2023 at an average price of € 123.93 per share for a total of € 9.6 million.In Q4-23  Besi repurchased approximately 227 000 shares at an average price of € 101.96 per share for a total of € 23.1 million. For the full year  Besi repurchased approximately 2.6 million shares at an average price of € 83.40  for a total of € 213.4 million. As of such date  Besi held approximately 4.1 million shares in treasury equal to approximately 5.1% of its shares outstanding.Dividend for 2023Given its earnings  cash flow generation and prospects  Besi’s Board of Management has proposed a cash dividend for 2023 equal to € 2.15 per share for approval at the AGM on April 25  2024. The proposed dividend reflects a pay-out ratio of 94% and will be payable from May 3  2024.Investor and media conference callA conference call and webcast for investors and media will be held today at 4:00 pm CET (10:00 am EST). To register for the conference call and/or to access the audio webcast and webinar slides  please visit www.besi.com.Important Dates 2024Publication Annual Report 2023 March 1  2024 Publication Q1 results April 25  2024 Annual General Meeting of Shareholders April 25  2024 Analyst Day June 6  2024 Publication Q2/semi-annual results July 25  2024 Publication Q3/nine-month results October 24  2024 Publication Q4/full year resultsFebruary 2025Dividend Information *Proposed ex-dividend date April 29  2024Proposed record date April 30  2024Proposed payment of 2023 dividend Starting May 3  2024*Subject to approval at Besi’s AGM on April 25  2024About BesiBesi is a leading supplier of semiconductor assembly equipment for the global semiconductor and electronics industries offering high levels of accuracy  productivity and reliability at a low cost of ownership. The Company develops leading edge assembly processes and equipment for leadframe  substrate and wafer level packaging applications in a wide range of end-user markets including electronics  mobile internet  cloud server  computing  automotive  industrial  LED and solar energy. Customers are primarily leading semiconductor manufacturers  assembly subcontractors and electronics and industrial companies. Besi’s ordinary shares are listed on Euronext Amsterdam (symbol: BESI). Its Level 1 ADRs are listed on the OTC markets (symbol: BESIY) and its headquarters are located in Duiven  the Netherlands. For more information  please visit our website at www.besi.com.Contacts:Richard W. Blickman  President & CEOLeon Verweijen  SVP FinanceClaudia Vissers  Executive Secretary/IR coordinatorEdmond Franco  VP Corporate Development/US IR coordinatorTel. (31) 26 319 4500investor.relations@besi.comStatement of ComplianceThe accounting policies applied in the condensed consolidated financial statements included in this press release are the same as those applied in the Annual Report 2023 and were authorized for issuance by the Board of Management and Supervisory Board on February 21  2024. In accordance with Article 393  Title 9  Book 2 of the Netherlands Civil Code  Ernst & Young Accountants LLP has issued an unqualified auditor’s opinion on the Annual Report 2023. The Annual Report 2023 will be published on our website on March 1  2024 and proposed for adoption by the Annual General Meeting on April 25  2024.The condensed financial statements included in this press release have been prepared in accordance with International Financial Reporting Standards (IFRS)  as adopted by the European Union but do not include all of the information required for a complete set of IFRS financial statements.Caution Concerning Forward Looking StatementsThis press release contains statements about management's future expectations  plans and prospects of our business that constitute forward-looking statements  which are found in various places throughout the press release  including  but not limited to  statements relating to expectations of orders  net sales  product shipments  expenses  timing of purchases of assembly equipment by customers  gross margins  operating results and capital expenditures. The use of words such as “anticipate”  “estimate”  “expect”  “can”  “intend”  “believes”  “may”  “plan”  “predict”  “project”  “forecast”  “will”  “would”  and similar expressions are intended to identify forward looking statements  although not all forward-looking statements contain these identifying words. The financial guidance set forth under the heading “Outlook” contains such forward-looking statements. While these forward looking statements represent our judgments and expectations concerning the development of our business  a number of risks  uncertainties and other important factors could cause actual developments and results to differ materially from those contained in forward looking statements  including any inability to maintain continued demand for our products; failure of anticipated orders to materialize or postponement or cancellation of orders  generally without charges; the volatility in the demand for semiconductors and our products and services; the extent and duration of the COVID-19 pandemic and measures taken to contain the outbreak  and the associated adverse impacts on the global economy  financial markets  global supply chains and our operations as well as those of our customers and suppliers; failure to develop new and enhanced products and introduce them at competitive price levels; failure to adequately decrease costs and expenses as revenues decline; loss of significant customers  including through industry consolidation or the emergence of industry alliances; lengthening of the sales cycle; acts of terrorism and violence; disruption or failure of our information technology systems; consolidation activity and industry alliances in the semiconductor industry that may result in further increased customer concentration  inability to forecast demand and inventory levels for our products; the integrity of product pricing and protection of our intellectual property in foreign jurisdictions; risks  such as changes in trade regulations  conflict minerals regulations  currency fluctuations  political instability and war  associated with substantial foreign customers  suppliers and foreign manufacturing operations  particularly to the extent occurring in the Asia Pacific region where we have a substantial portion of our production facilities; potential instability in foreign capital markets; the risk of failure to successfully manage our diverse operations; any inability to attract and retain skilled personnel  including as a result of restrictions on immigration  travel or the availability of visas for skilled technology workers as a result of the COVID-19 pandemic; those additional risk factors set forth in Besi's annual report for the year ended December 31  2022 and other key factors that could adversely affect our businesses and financial performance contained in our filings and reports  including our statutory consolidated statements. We expressly disclaim any obligation to update or alter our forward-looking statements whether as a result of new information  future events or otherwise.Consolidated Statements of Operations (€ thousands  except share and per share data)Three Months EndedDecember 31 (unaudited) Year EndedDecember 31 (audited) 2023 2022 2023 2022 Revenue 159 635 137 721 578 862 722 870 Cost of sales 55 700 51 940 203 074 279 797 Gross profit 103 935 85 781 375 788 443 073 Selling  general and administrative expenses 24 277 22 582 105 956 95 012 Research and development expenses 13 533 14 494 56 440 53 945 Total operating expenses 37 810 37 076 162 396 148 957 Operating income 66 125 48 705 213 392 294 116 Financial expense  net 729 3 625 5 703 18 626 Income before taxes 65 396 45 080 207 689 275 490 Income tax expense (benefit) 10 501 4 927 30 605 34 843 Net income 54 895 40 153 177 084 240 647 Net income per share – basic 0.71 0.51 2.28 3.03 Net income per share – diluted 0.68 0.50 2.23 2.90Number of shares used in computing pershare amounts:- basic- diluted 177 070 08282 091 29979 111 43884 777 36077 508 72282 800 27979 311 36685 526 157Consolidated Balance Sheets (€ thousands) December31  2023(audited) September30  2023(unaudited) June 30 2023(unaudited) March 31 2023(unaudited) December31  2022(audited) ASSETS Cash and cash equivalents 188 477 205 025 192 977 489 927 491 686 Deposits 225 000 186 150 185 370 155 000 180 000 Trade receivables 143 218 127 006 158 543 145 921 148 333 Inventories 92 505 103 060 93 863 101 024 92 117 Other current assets 39 092 25 853 24 143 24 126 24 562 Total current assets 688 292 647 094 654 896 915 998 936 698 Property  plant and equipment 37 516 33 907 33 438 32 278 33 272 Right of use assets 18 242 18 559 19 083 16 512 17 480 Goodwill 45 402 45 813 45 564 45 556 45 746 Other intangible assets 93 668 87 639 85 409 82 191 81 218 Deferred tax assets 12 217 16 717 17 158 18 397 19 563 Other non-current assets 1 216 1 227 1 163 1 170 1 213 Total non-current assets 208 261 203 862 201 815 196 104 198 492 Total assets 896 553 850 956 856 711 1 112 102 1 135 190 Current portion of long-term debt 3 144 100 298 2 372 2 361 Trade payables 46 889 48 782 47 371 48 877 41 431 Other current liabilities 87 200 86 099 86 217 109 761 100 099 Total current liabilities 137 233 134 981 133 886 161 010 143 891 Long-term debt 297 353 300 871 304 027 316 779 322 815 Lease liabilities 14 924 15 346 15 907 13 837 14 372 Deferred tax liabilities 12 959 12 883 12 567 12 882 13 303 Other non-current liabilities 12 671 11 906 11 827 12 001 12 274 Total non-current liabilities 337 907 341 006 344 328 355 499 362 764 Total equity 421 413 374 969 378 497 595 593 628 535 Total liabilities and equity 896 553 850 956 856 711 1 112 102 1 135 190Consolidated Cash Flow Statements (€ thousands)Three Months EndedDecember 31 (unaudited) Year EndedDecember 31 (audited) 2023 2022 2023 2022 Cash flows from operating activities: Income before income tax 65 396 45 080 207 689 275 490 Depreciation and amortization 6 577 6 082 25 732 22 992 Share based payment expense 2 807 2 116 19 107 15 259 Financial expense  net 729 3 625 5 703 18 626 Changes in working capital (24 238) 32 588 (26 819) (21 553) Income tax (paid) received 386 (2 014) (27 562) (35 353) Interest received (paid) 1 647 (848) 4 722 (3 590) Net cash provided by operating activities 53 304 86 629 208 572 271 871 Cash flows from investing activities: Capital expenditures (1 451) (2 138) (6 899) (6 780) Capitalized development expenses (5 780) (5 522) (21 121) (21 613) Repayments of (investments in) deposits (39 659) 75 000 (44 927) 44 711 Net cash provided by (used in) investing activities (46 890) 67 340 (72 947) 16 318 Cash flows from financing activities: Proceeds from (payments of) debt - 494 - 494 Proceeds from convertible notes - - - 172 176 Payments of lease liabilities (1 100) (1 215) (4 307) (4 101) Dividends paid to shareholders - - (222 109) (269 467) Purchase of treasury shares (23 123) (64 969) (213 387) (146 781) Net cash used in financing activities (24 223) (65 690) (439 803) (247 679) Net increase (decrease) in cash and cash equivalents (17 809) 88 279 (304 178) 40 510 Effect of changes in exchange rates on cash and cash equivalents 1 261 (3 352) 969 (219) Cash and cash equivalents at beginning of the period 205 025 406 759 491 686 451 395 Cash and cash equivalents at end of the period 188 477 491 686 188 477 491 686Supplemental Information (unaudited) (€ millions  unless stated otherwise) REVENUE Q4-2023 Q3-2023 Q2-2023 Q1-2023 Q4-2022 Q3-2022 Q2-2022 Q1-2022 Per geography: Asia Pacific 119.9 75 % 83.1 67 % 124.1 76 % 95.8 72 % 98.2 71 % 126.9 75 % 164.1 77 % 159.3 79 % EU / USA / Other 39.7 25 % 40.2 33 % 38.4 24 % 37.6 28 % 39.5 29 % 41.9 25 % 49.9 23 % 43.1 21 % Total 159.6 100 % 123.3 100 % 162.5 100 % 133.4 100 % 137.7 100 % 168.8 100 % 214.0 100 % 202.4 100 % ORDERS Q4-2023 Q3-2023 Q2-2023 Q1-2023 Q4-2022 Q3-2022 Q2-2022 Q1-2022 Per geography: Asia Pacific 107.7 65 % 86.9 68 % 84.6 75 % 106.8 75 % 127.4 71 % 93.3 74 % 104.3 68 % 161.8 79 % EU / USA / Other 58.7 35 % 40.4 32 % 28.0 25 % 35.2 25 % 53.1 29 % 32.0 26 % 48.8 32 % 43.0 21 % Total 166.4 100 % 127.3 100 % 112.6 100 % 142.0 100 % 180.5 100 % 125.3 100 % 153.1 100 % 204.8 100 % Per customer type: IDM 82.7 50 % 70.5 55 % 60.5 54 % 74.0 52 % 98.2 54 % 80.7 64 % 86.8 57 % 97.1 47 % Subcontractors 83.7 50 % 56.8 45 % 52.1 46 % 68.0 48 % 82.3 46 % 44.6 36 % 66.3 43 % 107.7 53 % Total 166.4 100 % 127.3 100 % 112.6 100 % 142.0 100 % 180.5 100 % 125.3 100 % 153.1 100 % 204.8 100 % HEADCOUNT Dec 31  2023 Sep 30  2023 Jun 30  2023 Mar 31  2023 Dec 31  2022 Sep 30  2022 Jun 30  2022 Mar 31  2022 Fixed staff (FTE) Asia Pacific 1 193 69 % 1 193 69 % 1 169 69 % 1 163 69 % 1 162 69 % 1 176 69 % 1 203 70 % 1 186 70 % EU / USA 543 31 % 532 31 % 520 31 % 519 31 % 513 31 % 518 31 % 511 30 % 500 30 % Total 1 736 100 % 1 725 100 % 1 689 100 % 1 682 100 % 1 675 100 % 1 694 100 % 1 714 100 % 1 686 100 % Temporary staff (FTE) Asia Pacific 50 37 % 164 66 % 198 71 % 232 74 % 60 42 % 237 74 % 433 83 % 536 86 % EU / USA 84 63 % 84 34 % 81 29 % 80 26 % 84 58 % 84 26 % 91 17 % 86 14 % Total 134 100 % 248 100 % 279 100 % 312 100 % 144 100 % 321 100 % 524 100 % 622 100 % Total fixed and temporary staff (FTE) 1 870 1 973 1 968 1 994 1 819 2 015 2 238 2 308 OTHER FINANCIAL DATA Q4-2023 Q3-2023 Q2-2023 Q1-2023 Q4-2022 Q3-2022 Q2-2022 Q1-2022 Gross profit 103.9 65.1 % 79.6 64.6 % 106.6 65.6 % 85.7 64.2 % 85.8 62.3 % 105.2 62.3 % 130.4 61.0 % 121.6 60.1 % Selling  general and admin expenses: As reported 24.3 15.2 % 23.3 18.9 % 29.4 18.1 % 29.0 21.7 % 22.6 16.4 % 20.5 12.1 % 24.6 11.5 % 27.3 13.5 % Share-based compensation expense (2.8 ) -1.7 % (1.6 ) -1.3 % (5.5 ) -3.4 % (9.3 ) -7.0 % (2.1 ) -1.5 % (0.9 ) -0.5 % (3.6 ) -1.7 % (8.6 ) -4.3 % SG&A expenses as adjusted 21.5 13.5 % 21.7 17.6 % 23.9 14.7 % 19.7 14.8 % 20.5 14.9 % 19.6 11.6 % 21.0 9.8 % 18.7 9.2 % Research and development expenses: As reported 13.5 8.5 % 13.6 11.0 % 14.3 8.8 % 15.0 11.2 % 14.5 10.5 % 13.5 8.0 % 13.3 6.2 % 12.6 6.2 % Capitalization of R&D charges 5.7 3.6 % 4.7 3.8 % 5.3 3.3 % 5.4 4.0 % 5.5 4.0 % 5.2 3.1 % 5.2 2.4 % 5.7 2.8 % Amortization of intangibles (3.3 ) -2.1 % (3.3 ) -2.6 % (3.5 ) -2.2 % (3.5 ) -2.6 % (3.0 ) -2.2 % (2.9 ) -1.7 % (2.9 ) -1.3 % (2.9 ) -1.4 % R&D expenses as adjusted 15.9 10.0 % 15.0 12.2 % 16.1 9.9 % 16.9 12.7 % 17.0 12.3 % 15.8 9.4 % 15.6 7.3 % 15.4 7.6 % Financial expense (income)  net: Interest income (3.6 ) (2.9 ) (3.1 ) (2.6 ) (1.2 ) (0.2 ) (0.2 ) 0.0 Interest expense 3.0 2.8 2.9 2.9 2.8 3.3 3.7 2.4 Net cost of hedging 1.7 1.7 2.0 1.6 2.6 2.3 1.5 1.1 Foreign exchange effects  net (0.4 ) 0.2 (0.1 ) (0.4 ) (0.6 ) 0.1 0.8 0.2 Total 0.7 1.8 1.7 1.5 3.6 5.5 5.8 3.7 Operating income as % of net sales 66.1 41.4 % 42.7 34.6 % 62.9 38.7 % 41.7 31.3 % 48.7 35.4 % 71.2 42.2 % 92.5 43.2 % 81.7 40.4 % EBITDA as % of net sales 72.7 45.6 % 48.9 39.7 % 69.3 42.6 % 48.2 36.1 % 54.8 39.8 % 77.1 45.7 % 98.0 45.8 % 87.2 43.1 % Net income as % of net sales 54.9 34.4 % 35.0 28.4 % 52.6 32.4 % 34.5 25.9 % 40.2 29.2 % 57.3 34.0 % 75.6 35.4 % 67.5 33.4 % Income per share Basic 0.71 0.45 0.68 0.44 0.51 0.71 0.94 0.87 Diluted 0.68 0.45 0.66 0.44 0.50 0.69 0.90 0.811 The calculation of diluted income per share assumes the exercise of equity settled share based payments and the conversion of all Convertible Notes outstanding.",neutral,0.01,0.98,0.01,mixed,0.45,0.3,0.26,True,English,"['BE Semiconductor Industries N.V.', 'Full Year 2023 Results', 'Q4-23', 'new high precision tooling facility', 'BE Semiconductor Industries N.V.', 'other AI related computing applications', 'customer supply chain concerns', 'effective supply chain management', 'successful new product introductions', 'share-based, incentive compensation expense', 'other advanced packaging technologies', 'advanced packaging product mix', 'Year-end net cash position', 'generative AI capacity', 'high-performance computing devices', 'next generation AI', 'high-end mobile applications', 'cost control efforts', '2.5D logic/memory applications', 'Richard W. Blickman', 'Chief Executive Officer', 'R&D resources', 'superior financial performance', 'challenging industry environment', 'Baseline operating expenses', 'Total operating expenses', 'adverse market conditions', 'advanced packaging growth', 'net forex benefits', 'next industry upturn', 'steep industry downturn', 'lower revenue levels', 'gross margin levels', '€ 435.5 million capital allocation', 'hybrid bonding agenda', 'semiconductor industry', 'mainstream computing', 'product innovation', 'market position', 'expense growth', 'automotive applications', 'Operating Income', 'leadership position', 'overhead levels', 'downturn Outlook', 'next decade', 'ESG agenda', 'net margin', 'Net Income', 'gross margins', 'Prior Guidance', '94% Pay-Out Ratio', 'GLOBE NEWSWIRE', 'Euronext Amsterdam', 'OTC markets', 'leading manufacturer', 'assembly equipment', 'fourth quarter', 'lesser extent', 'strong growth', '€ 15 million increase', 'North American', 'Korean IDMs', 'research institutes', 'strategic initiatives', 'solid profitability', 'sustainable growth', 'operational footprint', 'sustainable design', 'significant progress', '3 to 9 customers', 'customers’ re', 'Q4-23 Revenue', 'FY-23 Revenue', 'higher revenue', 'share price', 'share repurchases', '94% Highlights FY', 'Δ Revenue', '141.2% increase', 'Δ FY', 'Results', 'Orders', 'Dividend', 'Fiscal', 'DUIVEN', 'Netherlands', 'Feb.', 'Company', 'Besi', 'shipments', 'photonics', 'bookings', 'favorable', 'demand', 'EPS', 'EBITDA', 'Deposits', 'President', 'preparation', '40 systems', 'adoption', 'European', 'Taiwanese', 'foundries', 'subcontractors', 'addition', 'production', 'Shareholders', 'Malaysia', 'Singapore', 'Vietnam', 'response', 'China', 'anticipation', 'advances', 'platforms', '2.8', '2023']",2024-02-22,2024-02-23,globenewswire.com
36570,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/PARIS-REALTY-FUND-5148/news/Paris-Realty-Fund-PAREF-consolidates-its-turnover-backed-by-its-diversified-activities-46011318/,Paris Realty Fund : PAREF consolidates its turnover backed by its diversified activities -February 22  2024 at 12:50 pm EST,(marketscreener.com) in K€Dec 31  2022Dec 31  2023Evolution n %IFRS Equity attributable to shareholders144 437121 096-16%Including / Excluding:   Hybrid instruments-- Diluted NAV144 437121 096-16%Including:   Revaluation of…,"Consolidated turnover of €33.8m  driven by higher rental income and management commissionsNet rental income amounted €8.8m in 2023  an increase of 31% compared to December 31  2022compared to December 31  2022 Revenues on management fees reached €15.5 m   stable compared to December 31  2022  stable compared to December 31  2022 Signature of « Sustainability-Linked Loan » (SLL) of €90m to refinance the Group(SLL) of €90m to refinance the Group Loan to Value ratio (LTV)[1] remains low at 28% (compared to 22% as of December 31  2022)(compared to 22% as of December 31  2022) EPRA recurring net income at €2.1m  down 21% compared to December 31  2022EPRA Net Asset value (Net Reinstatement Value/NRV) per share stood at €113.3 per share  down 11% compared to December 31  2022Assets under Management remained stable at around €3.0 bn as of December 31  2023The REIT activity continue s to develop towards assets with strong potential for value creation and greater environmental quality€182m of owned asset ( -5.1% vs. December 31  2022)of owned asset ( vs. December 31  2022) Financial occupancy rate [2] remains at a high level  achieving 99.1%[2] remains at a high level  achieving The ongoing redevelopment project of Léon Frot asset obtained the WiredScore Gold label.The management activity on behalf of third parties remains dynamic despite a complex real estate marketApproximately €2.8 bn managed on behalf of institutional or individual third parties  almost stable compared to December 31  2022Gross subscriptions for the SCPI funds under management amounted to €95m   down 51% compared to December 31  2022  down 51% compared to December 31  2022 The performance of SCPI funds under management (distribution ratio) is robust and is improving given unchanged subscription priceThe Group continues to implement its ambitious “Create More” ESG strategyDefinition of a zero carbon trajectory for its portfolio with an operational roadmap to decarbonize the assets by 2030Signature of the Energy Sobriety Charter for the sobriety of public and private commercial buildings  introduced by the Ministry of Ecological TransitionSignature of the Charter of Commitment to Gender Parity and Professional Equality in real estate sectorSFDR[3] Article 8 classification for the funds Novapierre Allemagne  Novapierre Allemagne 2 and Interpierre Europe CentraleAwarded « HappyIndexAtWork » and « WelmpactIndex » by ChooseMyCompanyESG rating at the Advanced level by EthiFinanceOutlook and priorities for 2024In 2024  PAREF will leverage its business model to deploy its strategy despite macroeconomic uncertainties and to answer the growing demands of ESG transformationPAREF Group will continue to diversify its revenues by increasing the recurring cash flow generated from management fees while maintaining a strict cost discipline in order to achieve continuous margin improvementThe Board of Directors proposes a dividend of €1.5 per share payable in cash for the 2023 financial year  which will be submitted for approval to the Annual Shareholder's Meeting scheduled on May 23rd  2024.The Board of Directors  during the meeting held on February 22nd  2024  approved the closing of the annual statutory and consolidated accounts as of December 31st  2023. The review of the results by auditors is in progress.“Leveraging on its diversified model  our Group demonstrated resilience during 2023 and continued to roll out its strategic plan in France and internationally.We maintain a low debt ratio while aligning our financing with our ""Create more"" ESG strategy  notably through the signing of a first corporate Sustainability-linked Loan.The Group is ready to face the current challenges of the real estate markets and to deliver sustainable operational performance in the years to come.”Antoine Castro – Chairman & CEO PAREF“ We are delighted to confirm the improvement in the performance of our funds  which continue to stand out positively in a challenging market environment.These good results demonstrate the relevance of the decisions made in recent years and of our prudent approach towards valuations.In 2024  we will seize investment opportunities in an investor-friendly real estate market. We will continue to create value on our own assets  pursuing several restructuring programs with ESG dimension placed at the heart of our strategy.”Anne Schwartz – Deputy CEO of PAREF and CEO of PAREF Gestion1 – Operating activities1.1 Real Estate activity for direct investment (PAREF REIT)As of December 31  2023  PAREF holds:7 owned assets  mainly office assets in Greater Paris areafinancial participations in SCPI and OPPCIRental activity remains very performing in 2023Rental activity remained resilient despite the downturn in the real estate market:The financial occupancy rate of the portfolio maintained high at 99.1% [4] as of December 31 st   2023;as of December 31   2023; The weighted average lease maturity (WALB) stood at 4.5 years by the end of December 2023 compared to 4.2 years at the end of 2022  following the leasing of The Go asset located in Levallois-Perret; andGross rental income increased by 4.4% on a like-for-like basis  thanks to rent indexation.The expiry schedule of rents on owned assets is as follows:Net rental income up 31%Net rental income reached €8.8m in 2023  compared to €6.7m in 2022  an increase of 31%  which is mainly related to:the new lease signed for the entire The Go asset located in Levallois-Perret;the rent indexation for all the owned assets;the reduction of non-recoverable rental expenses.The average gross initial yield on owned assets is 7.5%  compared with 6.5% at the end of 2022[5].Rental income on owned assets (in K€) 2022 2023 Evolution in % Gross rental income 7 088 9 012 27% Re-invoiced Rental expenses 2 555 3 614 41% Rental service charges -2 915 -3 809 31% Non-recoverable rental expenses -360 -195 -46% Other income 0 1 100% Net rental income 6 728 8 817 31%The value of real estate assets down 5.1% on a like-for-like basis  impacted by rising interest ratesThe value of PAREF owned assets amounted to €182m as of December 31st  2023[6]  composed of €169m in real estate assets and €13m in financial participations in funds managed by the Group.Key indicators on owned assets Dec 31  2022 Dec 31  2023 Number of assets 7 7 Lettable area (in operation) 74 191 sqm 74 191 sqm Valuation €179m €169mThe evolution of the real estate portfolio is mainly explained by:capitalized expenses for the restructuring of the Léon Frot project in 2023 for €6.6m;variation in fair value of the real estate properties for -€18.6m (-10.4%): mainly due to the decrease in the value of the floors in Franklin Tower (La Défense) and The Go asset located in Levallois-Perret  partially compensated by the value creation of the Léon Frot restructuring project.Regarding the financial participations  mainly invested in OPPCI Vivapierre  the value amounted to €13m  an increase of 6% compared to December 31st  2022.1.2 Management activity on behalf of third partiesThe Group relies on its two subsidiaries  PAREF Gestion and PAREF Investment Management to provide their know-how and expertise to institutional and individual investors by providing the services covering the entire value chain of real estate assets and funds.PAREF Gestion: dynamic investment pipeline despite a decline in subscriptions in a difficult market environmentAnnual gross subscription on SCPI funds amounted to €95m in 2023  down 51% compared to 2022  mainly impacted by the market trend during second half of 2023.The ratio of net subscriptions over gross subscriptions is 74%  in line with the level of redemptions from the market in 2023 according to the ASPIM data.In terms of investment  the Group has carried out almost €90m in investments for all the SCPI under management and reinforced its European presence  in particular:€52.5m for Novapierre Allemagne 2 with three acquisitions of retail parks in the West Germany€18.2m for Interpierre France mainly with the acquisition of a mixed-use complex (office and logistics) in the Rhône-Alpes region;€8.4m for Interpierre Europe Centrale with the acquisition of a mixed-use complex (office and logistics) in Warsaw; and€10.4m for Novapierre Residentiel invested in the context of off-plan transactions.In addition  several off-plan transactions were delivered for a total amount of €33m  including nearly €27m for Interpierre France and €6m for Novapierre Residentiel.The Group also continued to rotate the portfolios under management by carrying out disposals for nearly €5m in 2023  with an average premium of 8% compared to the last independent valuation  including:€3.4m for Novapierre 1 ;€0.7m for Novapierre Résidentiel ; and€0.5m for Interpierre FranceProof of the quality of PAREF Group management  the performance of the SCPI under management improved with dividend distribution rates in line with or exceeding forecasts  given unchanged subscription price.It is also worth mentioning that maintaining the subscription price for all the SCPI under management  supported by independent valuations  demonstrates the relevance of the Group's investment strategies and its ability to create long-term value for investors.Funds Distribution Rate[7] 2022 Distribution Rate2023 Reminder of distribution rate forecast for 2023 Interpierre Europe Centrale 5.37% 5.80% 5.25%-5.75% Interpierre France 5.40% 5.51% 5.00% - 5.50% Novapierre Allemagne 4.80% 4.80% 4.50% - 5.00% Novapierre Allemagne 2 4.50% 4.79% 4.50% - 5.00% Novapierre 1 4.51% 4.50% 4.50% - 5.00% Novapierre Résidentiel 2.28%[8] - -The assets managed by PAREF Gestion on behalf of third parties amounted for more than €2.0bn  -3.5% compared to December 31st  2022.Type Funds Strategy Assets under Management(€ M)31/12/22 Assets under Management(€ M)31/12/23 Evolution in % SCPI Novapierre Allemagne[9] Retail 662 608 -8% Novapierre Allemagne 29 Retail 380 398 5% Novapierre Résidentiel9 Residential 364 351 -4% Interpierre France9 Office/Logistics 275 274 0% Novapierre 19 Retail 240 226 -6% Interpierre Europe Centrale9 Office/Logistics 43 43 0% Cifocoma 10 Retail 4 - n.a Cifocoma 2[10] Retail 4 - n.a Sub-total SCPI 1 974 1 900 -4% OPPCI Vivapierre Hotel resorts 83 84 1% Total OPPCI 83 84 1% Other AIF 26 25 -4% Total 2 082 2 009 -4%PAREF Investment Management: a European presence supported by its expertise in asset restructuringPAREF Investment Management operates in France  Germany  Italy and Switzerland. Its mission is to provide institutional investors with the skills and services already provided within the Group  notably in investment  asset management  property management  project management  legal and financial services.Since 2021  PAREF Investment Management has been managing an office redevelopment project on The Trade asset located in Frankfurt and another office asset BC 140 in Budapest  both on behalf of institutional investors.The redevelopment of The Medelan asset  located in Milan's historical city center has seen very significant progress in leasing activities during 2023: 100% of the office space and 95% of the retail space are currently leased.Commission revenues down 27% in 2023 due to a decrease in gross subscriptionsC ommissions (in K€) 2022 2023 Evolution in % Revenues on commissions - recurring management commissions 13 506 15 476 15% - one-off management commissions 2 002 60 -97% - subscription commissions 18 759 9 412 -50% Total Revenues on commissions 34 266 24 948 -27%Management commissions amounted to €15.5m  up 15% compared to 2022  excluding the one-off effect of €2.0m related to the delivery of The Medelan in March 2022 and the disposals of two SCPI portfolios. This increase is mainly due to new investments made in the SCPIs funds in 2022 and 2023.Gross subscription commissions reached €9.4m in 2022  down 50% compared to 2022  due to the slowdown of fundraising.1.3 Assets under management at Group levelThe value of assets under management remained stable  at around €3.0bn as of December 31st  2023.In € M Dec 31  2022 Dec 31  2023 Evolution in % Management for owned assets PAREF owned assets 179 169 -6% PAREF participations[11] 13 13 6% Total PAREF portfolio 192 182 -5% Management for retail and institutional third parties Novapierre Allemagne 662 608 -8% Novapierre Allemagne 2 380 398 5% Novapierre Résidentiel 364 351 -4% Interpierre France 275 274 0% Novapierre 1 240 226 -6% Interpierre Europe Centrale 43 43 0% Cifocoma 4 - n.a Cifocoma 2 4 - n.a Vivapierre 83 84 1% Other AIF [12] 26 25 -3% Assets under Management by PAREF Gestion 2 082 2 009 -4% Assets under Management by PAREF Investment Management[13] 739 785 6% Total 3rd-party Assets under Management 2  821 2 794 -1% Adjustments[14] -13 -13 6% Total Assets under Management 3 001 2 962 -1%2 – Consolidated P&L 202 3Detailed consolidated P&L (in K€) 2022 2023 Evolution in % Gross rental income 7 088 9 012 27% Reinvoiced service charges  taxes and insurance 2 555 3 614 41% Rental service charges  taxes and insurance -2 915 - 3 809 31% Non-recoverable rental expenses -360 -195 -46% Other income 0 1 100% Net rental income 6 728 8 818 31% Revenues on commissions 34 266 24 948 -27% - of which management commissions 15 508 15 536 0% - of which subscription commissions 18 759 9 412 -50% Revenues on commissions 34 266 24 948 -27% Total Turnover 40 994 33 766 -18% Remunerations for intermediates -16 804 -10 093 -40% General expenses -18 382 -18 964 3% Depreciation and amortization -1 098 - 1 407 28% Current operating result 4 710 3 300 -30% Result on disposals of investment properties 1 647 0 n.a. Variation of fair value on investment properties -2 011 -18 612 826% Operating result 4 346 -15 312 n.a. Financial incomes 166 2 173 1209% Financial expenses -1 184 -3 833 224% Net financial expenses -1 018 - 1 660 72% Other expenses and incomes on financial assets 2 339 -103 n.a. Fair-value adjustments of financial instruments 356 -77 n.a. Results of companies consolidated under the equity-method [15] -1 551 847 n.a. Result before tax 4 471 -16 304 n.a. Income tax -436 -124 -72% Consolidated net result 4 036 -16 428 n.a. Non-controlling interests - - n.a. Consolidate net result (owners of the parent) 4 036 -16 428 n.a. Average number of shares (non-diluted) 1 508 911 1 508 609 Consolidated net result / share (owners of the parent) 2.67 -10.89 n.a. Average number of shares (diluted) 1 508 911 1 508 609 Consolidate net result / share (owners of the parent diluted) 2.67 -10.89 n.a.Current operating result is €3.3m  decreasing by 30% compared to 2022. This is mainly explained by:net rental income of €8.8m  up 31% compared to 2022  thanks to the new effective lease of The Go asset and the rent indexation;revenues on commissions of €24.9m (-27% compared to 2022)  essentially reflecting the slowdown of gross subscription in 2023 in the SCPI market  partially compensated by the increase in management fees related to 1) new investments made for funds under management during 2022 and 2023; and 2) the financial income generated by interest-bearing products invested for the funds under management;the change in fair value on investment properties of -€18.6m in 2023  due to the rise in market capitalization rate that generated a negative impact on the valuation on investment properties  despite CAPEX investments;financial expenses of €1.7m  compared to €1.0m in 2022. This increase is generated by the end of capitalization of financial costs during restructuring phase related to The Go asset  delivered at year end 2022 and the new financing cost signed in December 2023;results of companies consolidated under the equity-method of €0.8m compared to -€1.6m in 2022. This increase is relevant to positive variation of valuation of assets hold by OPPICI Vivapierre.3 – Financial resourcesThe Group completed in 2023 a €90m sustainable refinancing  composed of €50m loan and of €40m confirmed available credit facility. Gross financial debt of PAREF amounted to €70m as of December 31st  2023  compared to €60m as of December 31  2022. Loan to Value ratio (LTV)[16] stood at 28%  compared to 22% as of December 31st  2022.The average cost of drawn debt is 1.62% in 2023  stable compared to 2022.The average debt maturity stood at 4.5 years as of December 31st2023 and 75% of the drawn debt is covered by financial instruments until its final maturities  thus limiting its sensitivity to interest rate fluctuations.All the financial covenants are respected  including LTV<50% and ICR>1.75x.The debt repayment schedule is as follows:The Group has €28m available cash as of December 31st  2023  of which cash and cash equivalent of €8m and an available credit line of €20m.4 - EPRA Net Asset ValueEPRA Net Reinstatement Value (NRV) came to €113.3 per share as of December 31st  2023  decreasing by 11% compared to €128.0 per share as of December 31  2022.This evolution is mainly driven by the change of fair value on investment proprieties on like-for-like basis of -€13.3 per share  dividend distribution in 2023 of -€3.0 per share  a slight decrease in revaluation of others non-current assets for -€0.1m  partially offset by net recurring +€2.1 per share.In accordance with EPRA's recommendations (« Best Practices Recommendations »)  the NRV indicators are defined by the IFRS-consolidated value of equity (fair value accounting)  the mark-to-market value of debt and financial instruments.EPRA Net Reinstatement Value (NRV) - in K€ Dec 31  2022 Dec 31  2023 Evolution n % IFRS Equity attributable to shareholders 144 437 121 096 -16% Including / Excluding: Hybrid instruments - - Diluted NAV 144 437 121 096 -16% Including: Revaluation of investment properties (if IAS 40 cost option is used) - - Revaluation of investment property under construction (IPUC) (if IAS 40 cost option is used) - - Revaluation of other non-current investments (PAREF GESTION[17] ) 38 476 37 873 -2% Revaluation of tenant leases held as finance leases - - Revaluation of trading properties - - Diluted NAV at Fair Value 182 913 158 969 -13% Excluding: Differed tax in relation to fair value gains of IP - - Fair value of financial instruments -1 967 -378 -81% Goodwill as a result of deferred tax - - Goodwill as per the IFRS balance sheet - - Intangibles as per the IFRS balance sheet - - Including: Fair value of debt - - Revaluation of intangible to fair value - - Real estate transfer tax 12 130 12 939 2% NAV 193 076 170 984 -11% Fully diluted number of shares 1 508 911 1 508 609 NAV per share (in €) 128.0 113.3 -11%5 – “Create More” a committed and active ESG policyEnvironmental i mpactIn 2023  PAREF defined a net-zero carbon trajectory for its portfolio with an ambitious operational roadmap to decarbonize its assets by 2030.Following the energy audits and carbon studies  it was noted that the carbon performance of PAREF's portfolio is in line with the CRREM's 2042 objective of 1.5°C. PAREF will continue to act proactively in order to achieve carbon neutrality by 2030 and thus anticipate the objective of the Paris Agreement by 20 years. The actions that will be implemented include asset renovations  investments in energy efficiency  switching to renewable energies  etc.As a committed player  PAREF has also signed the Energy Sobriety Charter set up by the Ministry of Ecological Transition. This Charter commits the Group to reduce its energy consumption  to implement concrete actions to improve the energy efficiency of its buildings  and to share its experiences and best practices with other players in the sector.Social & societal commitmentPAREF Group has been awarded the ""HappyIndexAtWork"" label  which rewards companies in which employees are happy and fulfilled  and the ""WeImpactIndex"" label  which recognizes companies with a genuine social and environmental responsibility policy.Indeed  PAREF implements concrete measures to promote a fulfilling work environment  in particular by offering career development prospects  by offering training and professional support  and by setting up transparent communication with its employees. The company is also attentive to the impact of its activities on the environment and strives to reduce its ecological footprint. It also encourages its employees to engage in solidarity actions  in particular through the PAREF 4 GOOD program  which allows each employee to get involved with one or several associations  by dedicating one working day per year to volunteer actions.In addition  its commitment to gender equality in the workplace was illustrated by the score of 94/100 in the Gender Equality Index. PAREF Group has also signed the Charter of Commitment to Gender Parity and Professional Equality in Companies and Organizations in the real estate sector.Integration of ESG criteria into PAREF Group's activitiesThanks to the maturity of its ESG strategy  the Group has subscribed to a Sustainability-Linked Loan (SLL) with a ESG Framework based on sustainability KPIs such as carbon emission reduction and asset labelling  as well as performance objectives during the financing period.As a sign of its commitment  PAREF has been awarded the ESG rating (formerly GAIA index) at the Advanced level by Ethifinance  an independent rating agency with expertise in sustainable finance.The Group was a finalist in the EPRA ""Outstanding Contribution to Society"" (OCS) ESG Awards in the environmental category for its ""The Go"" asset renovation project. This nomination demonstrates the Group's commitment to the environmental and societal transition within the community.6 - Post-closing eventsNone7 – Outlook and priorities for 2024By capitalizing on the diversification of its activities  PAREF is ready to face the macroeconomic uncertainties and ever-increasing demands imposed by the ESG transformation of the real estate market.The main objectives are to continue to diversify revenues  increasing the share of recurring cash flows from management fees while maintaining strict cost discipline in order to achieve continuous margin improvement.Real estate activity for direct investmentPAREF expects positive dynamics for its rental activities in 2024:the ongoing repositioning of its portfolio  including the delivery of the renovation project on the Léon Frot asset  andthe positive impact generated by the indexation of rents.In line with its ""Create More"" ESG strategic plan  PAREF will continue to improve the energy performance of its portfolio and implement operational initiatives to anticipate new tenant expectations on commercial assets  which generate additional revenue.In addition  the Group will maintain its selective approach to invest directly or as a co-investor  and to facilitate the growth of assets under management throughout the next real estate cycle. The aim is to become a trusted partner for institutional and private investors with a complete alignment of interests.Management activity on behalf of third partiesIn a rapidly changing market  the Group will continue to reposition its range of funds and services  including:distinctive product offering with clear strategies digitalization of its services and a diversification of its distribution channels improvement in energy performance of assets under management  in addition to the steadily growing financial performance.The Group will expand its fund management services in Italy through its regulated branch  as a source of additional revenue.In addition  PAREF is ready to offer thematic and tailor-made investment strategies to institutional investors  by proposing Value-Add investment opportunities that respond to changes in usage and expectations related to the ESG transformation of the real estate market.Drawing on its ""ONE-STOP-SHOP"" expertise in real estate management  PAREF will continue to develop its Asset and Property Management activities in order to capture new management mandates and thus continue to diversify its revenue streams.8 – Financial agendaApril 25  2024: Financial information as of March 31  2024May 23  2024: Annual shareholders' meetingAbout PAREF GroupPAREF is a leading European player in real estate management  with over 30 years of experience and the aim of being one of the market leaders in real estate management based on its proven expertise.Today  the Group operates in France  Germany  Italy  and Switzerland and provides services across the entire value chain of real estate investment: investment  fund management  renovation and development project management  asset management  and property management. This 360° approach enables it to offer integrated and tailor-made services to institutional and retail investors.The Group is committed to creating more value and sustainable growth and has put CSR concerns at the heart of its strategy.As at December 31  2023  PAREF Group manages about €3bn assets under management.PAREF is a company listed on Euronext Paris  Compartment C  under ISIN FR0010263202 – Ticker PAR.More information on www.paref.comPress contactsPAREF GroupSamira Kadhi+33(7) 60 00 59 52samira.kadhi@paref.com Citigate Dewe RogersonYoann Besse / Marlène Brisset06 63 03 84 91 / 06 59 42 29 35Paref@citigatedewerogerson.comAPPENDIXCONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETAssets (in K€) Dec 31  2022 Dec 31  2023 Non-current assets Investment properties 179 430 168 130 Intangible assets 883 652 Other property  plant and equipment 983 2 331 Financial assets 275 358 Shares and investments in companies under the equity method 13 613 13 982 Financial assets held for sale 1 099 1 088 Financial instruments 2 323 0 Differed tax - - Total non-current assets 198 606 186 540 Current assets Stocks - - Trade receivables and related 16 713 14 200 Other receivables 2 568 2 500 Financial instruments 378 Cash and cash equivalents 10 279 7 558 Total current assets 29 560 24 637 Properties and shares held for sale - 740 TOTAL ASSETS 228 166 211 917 Liabilites and shareholders' equity (in K€) Dec 31  2022 Dec 31  2023 Equity Share capital 37 755 37 755 Additional paid-in capital 42 193 42 193 Fair-value through equity 64 82 Fair-value evolution of financial instruments 1 967 99 Consolidated reserved 58 423 57 500 Consolidated net result 4 036 -16 428 Shareholder equity 144 437 121 200 Minority interest - - Total Equity 144 437 121 200 Liability Non-current liabilities Non-current financial debt 60 186 70 627 Non-current financial instruments - - Non-current taxes due & other employee-related liabilities 25 42 Non-current provisions 496 344 Total non-current liabilities 60 707 71 013 Current liabilities Current financial debt 559 487 369 Trade payables and related 10 489 7 626 Current taxes due & other employee-related liabilities 8 793 8 022 Other current liabilities 3 253 3 687 Total current liabilities 23 022 19 704 TOTAL LIABILITIES 228 166 211 917CASHFLOW STATEMENTCashflow statement (in K€) Dec 31 2022 Dec 31 2023 Operating cash-flow Net result 4 036 -16 428 Depreciation and amortization 1 098 1 279 Valuation movements on assets 2 011 18 612 Valuation movements on financial instruments -356 77 Valuation on financial assets held for sale - - Tax 436 124 Plus ou moins-values de cession d'immobilisations net d'impôt -1 647 1 Results of companies consolidated under the equity method 1 551 -847 Cash-flow from operating activities after net financial items and taxes 7 129 2 817 Net financial expenses 1 018 1 660 Tax paid 489 -424 Cash-flow from operating activities before net financial items and taxes 8 636 4 053 Other variations in working capital -1 343 -675 Net cash-flow from operating activities 7 292 3 378 Investment cash-flow Acquisition of tangible assets -15 229 -8 052 Acquisition of other assets -242 -144 Assets disposal 4 427 - Acquisition of financial assets 13 640 95 Financial assets disposal - - Financial products received 166 93 Change in perimeter - -107 Cash-flow from investments 2 762 -8 116 Financing cash-flow Variation in capital - - Self-detention shares 10 -5 Variation in bank loans 35 000 10 000 Variation in other financial debt - - Repayment of financial lease -585 -524 Repayment of bank loan -35 000 - Costs of loan issuance -15 19 Variation on bank overdraft -942 -1 544 Financial expenses paid - -1 402 Dividend paid to shareholders and minorities -7 089 -4 527 Cash-flow from financial activities -8 621 2 017 Increase/ Decrease in cash 1 433 -2 721 Cash & cash equivalent at opening 8 845 10 279 Cash & cash equivalent at closing 10 279 7 558EPRA Earnings per share as of Dec ember 31 202 3In K€ Dec 31  2021 Dec 31  2022 Evolution in % Earnings per IFRS income statement 4 036 -16 428 n.a. Adjustments Change in fair-value of investment properties 2 011 18 612 825% Profits or losses on disposal of investment properties and other interests -1 647 - n.a. Profits or losses on disposal of financial assets available for sale - - Tax on profits or losses on disposals - - Negative goodwill / goodwill impairment - - Changes in fair value of financial instruments and associated close-out costs -356 77 n.a. Acquisition costs on share deals and non-controlling joint-venture - - Deferred tax in respect of the adjustments above - - Adjustments (i) to (viii) above in respect of companies consolidated under equity method -1 323[18] -99 -92% Non-controlling interests in respect of the above - - EPRA Earnings 2 721 2 162 -21% Average number of shares (diluted 1 508 911 1 508 609 EPRA Earnings per share (diluted) 1.80 € 1.43 € -21%EPRA Net Tangible Assets (NTA) as of Dec ember 31  202 3EPRA Net Tangible Assets (NTA) - in K€ 31/12/2022 31/12/2023 Evolution in % IFRS Equity attributable to shareholders 144 437 121 096 -16% Including / Excluding : Hybrid instruments - - Diluted NAV 144 437 121 096 -16% Including : Revaluation of investment properties (if IAS 40 cost option is used) - - Revaluation of investment property under construction (IPUC) (if IAS 40 cost option is used) - - Revaluation of other non-current investments (PAREF GESTION[19]) 38 476 37 873 -2% Revaluation of tenant leases held as finance leases - - Revaluation of trading properties - - Diluted NAV at Fair Value 182 913 158 969 -13% Excluding : Differed tax in relation to fair value gains of IP - - Fair value of financial instruments -1 967 -378 -81% Goodwill as a result of deferred tax - - Goodwill as per the IFRS balance sheet - - Intangibles as per the IFRS balance sheet -883 -652 -26% Including : Fair value of debt - - Revaluation of intangible to fair value - - Real estate transfer tax 12 130 12 393 2% NAV 191 340 170 332 -11% Fully diluted number of shares 1 508 911 1 508 609 NAV per share (in €) 127.4 112.9 -11%EPRA Net Disposal Value (NDV) as of Dec ember 31  202 3EPRA Net Disposal Value (NDV) - in K€ 31/12/2022 31/12/2023 Evolution in % IFRS Equity attributable to shareholders 144 437 121 096 -16% Including / Excluding : Hybrid instruments - - Diluted NAV 144 437 121 096 -16% Including : Revaluation of investment properties (if IAS 40 cost option is used) - - Revaluation of investment property under construction (IPUC) (if IAS 40 cost option is used) - - Revaluation of other non-current investments (PAREF GESTION[20]) 38 476 37 873 -2% Revaluation of tenant leases held as finance leases - - Revaluation of trading properties - - Diluted NAV at Fair Value 182 913 158 969 -13% Excluding : Differed tax in relation to fair value gains of IP - - Fair value of financial instruments - - Goodwill as a result of deferred tax - - Goodwill as per the IFRS balance sheet - - Intangibles as per the IFRS balance sheet - - Including : Fair value of debt -1 328 409 n.a Revaluation of intangible to fair value - - Real estate transfer tax - - NAV 181 584 159 378 -12% Fully diluted number of shares 1 508 911 1 508 609 NAV per share (in €) 120.3 105.6 -12%Other EPRA indicatorsEPRA Vacancy rateIn K€ Dec 31 2022 Dec 31 2023 Evolution in bps Estimated rental value of vacant space[21] 95 95 Estimated rental value of the whole portfolio 10 474 10 925 EPRA Vacancy Rate 0.91% 0.87% 4 bpsEPRA Net Initial Yield (NIY) and ‘topped-up' NIYIn % Dec 31 2022 Dec 31 2023 Evolution in bps PAREF Net yield 5.52% 6.54% +102 bps Impact of estimated duties and costs -0.36% -0.39% -3 bps Impact of changes in scope -0.10% 0.00% +10 bps EPRA Net initial yield[22] 5.07% 6.15% +108 bps Excluding lease incentives 1.59% 1.71% +12 bps EPRA “Topped-Up” Net initial yield [23] 6.66% 7.86% +120 bpsCapital expenditureIn K€ Dec 31  2022 Dec 31  2023 Acquisition - - Development[24] 13 445 6 456 Portfolio on a like-for-like basis[25] 625 97 Other[26] 3 800 - Total 17 871 6 553EPRA cost ratiosThe ratio below is computed based on PAREF Group owned assets perimeter (including companies consolidated under the equity method).In K€ Dec 31  2022 Dec 31  2023 Evolution in % Include : General expenses -1 793 -2 522 41% Costs related to properties - - Net service charge costs/fees -2 752 -3 809 38% Management fees less actual/estimated profit element Other operating income/recharges intended to cover overhead expenses - - Share of general expenses of companies consolidated under equity method -352 -355 1% Exclude : Depreciation and amortization - - Ground rent costs 1 641 2 155 31% Service charge costs recovered through rents but not separately invoiced 1 272 1 573 24% EPRA Costs (including direct vacancy costs) (A) -1 985 -2 958 49 % Less: Direct vacancy costs (unrecoverable rent costs) 196 202 3% EPRA Costs (excluding direct vacancy costs) (B) -1 789 -2 756 54 % Gross Rental Income less ground rent costs 8 002 11 167 40% Less: service charge costs included in Gross Rental Income -1 272 -2 155 69% Add: share of Gross Rental Income less ground rent costs of companies consolidated under equity method 397 1 356 241% Gross Rental Income (C) 7 126 10 367 45 % EPRA Cost Ratio (including direct vacancy costs) (A/C) 27.9% 28.5% 63bps EPRA Cost Ratio (excluding direct vacancy costs) (B/C) 25.1% 26.6% +148bps[1] Loan-to-value (LTV): consolidated withdrawn net debt divided by the consolidated asset value excluding transfer taxes  including the valuation of Paref Gestion made by a qualified external expert[2] Excluding the asset Léon Frot asset under restructuring[3] SFDR : Sustainable Finance Disclosure Regulation – Article 8 : related to the products and investments which realize a combination between the environmental/societal characteristics and other qualities[4] Excluding the Léon Frot asset under restructuring[5] Excluding the asset Léon Frot under restructuring[6] Including interests in companies consolidated under the equity method (27.24% in Vivapierre OPPCI) and excluding the value of PAREF Gestion shares[7] Distribution rate: it is the division of the gross dividend  before withholding tax and other taxes paid by the fund on behalf of the associate  paid in respect of year N (including exceptional interim dividends and the share of distributed capital gains) by the subscription price on 1st January of year N[8] For Novapierre Résidentiel  the distribution rate of 2.28% corresponded to the payment of realized gain on disposals[9] Open-ended funds[10] Close-ended funds[11] Including mainly participations in the companies consolidated in equity method OPPCI Vivapierre at 27.24%[12] Foncière Sélection Régions[13] Including the asset The Medelan in Italy  the asset The Trade in Germany and office asset in Hungary[14] T Including mainly participations in the companies consolidated in equity method OPPCI Vivapierre at 27.24%[15] Including participations in the companies consolidated in equity method OPPCI Vivapierre at 27.24% and Wep Watford (the company holding the Le Gaïa asset in Nanterre  La Défense) at 50% until Dec 31  2021  of which the asset was sold in Q1 2022[16] Loan-to-value (LTV): consolidated withdrawn net debt divided by the consolidated asset value excluding transfer taxes  including the valuation of Paref Gestion made by a qualified external expert[17] The valuation of PAREF Gestion was made by a qualified external expert[18] corrected figures compared to Universal Registration Document 2022 (915K€)  which didn't include the adjustment of non-recurring result related to the disposal of Gaia asset  hold by the company Wep Watford[19] The valuation of PAREF Gestion was performed by a qualified external expert[20] The valuation of PAREF Gestion was performed by a qualified external expert[21] Excluding the participation in OPPCI Vivapierre and including the participation in asset Le Gaïa until Dec 31  2021  which was sold in the first quarter in 2022. Excluding the Léon-Frot asset under restructuring[22] The EPRA Net Initial Yield rate is defined as the annualized rental income  net of property operation expenses  after deducting rent adjustments  divided by the value of the portfolio  including duties[23] The EPRA ‘topped-up' Net Initial Yield rate is defined as the annualized rental income  net of property operating expenses  excluding lease incentives  divided by the value of the portfolio  including taxes.[24] Including the investment related to the project « The Go » located in Levallois-Perret and modernization project of Léon Frot asset[25] Mainly including the investment related to Croissy Beaubourg asset  Aubergenville asset and 6 floors in Franklin Tower[26] Including eviction indemnities  rent adjustments and capitalized financial costs relating to ""The Go"" project as well as the eviction indemnities and financial compensation of development project for the restructuring project of Leon Frot assetThis publication embed ""🔒 Actusnews SECURITY MASTER "".- SECURITY MASTER Key: xmxyZppsYW3Hm3FqY8lnl5ZkmWxjmGidZ5KWlmJxaZrGbm2VlJuTa5XHZnFlmGZo- Check this key: https://www.security-master-key.com .Regulated information:Inside Information:- News release on accounts  results Full and original press release in PDF: https://www.actusnews.com/news/84312-press-release-2023-paref-full-year-results.pdfReceive by email the next press releases of the company by registering on www.actusnews.com   it's free© 2024 ActusNews",neutral,0.05,0.94,0.01,positive,0.83,0.16,0.01,True,English,"['Paris Realty Fund', 'diversified activities', 'PAREF', 'turnover', 'February', '12:50', 'Léon Frot asset', 'EPRA recurring net income', 'complex real estate market', 'investor-friendly real estate market', 'first corporate Sustainability-linked Loan', 'EPRA Net Asset value', 'real estate sector', 'real estate markets', 'Net Reinstatement Value/NRV', 'challenging market environment', 'Net rental income', 'Real Estate activity', 'greater environmental quality', 'ongoing redevelopment project', 'WiredScore Gold label', 'unchanged subscription price', 'zero carbon trajectory', 'private commercial buildings', 'Interpierre Europe Centrale', 'strict cost discipline', 'several restructuring programs', 'Greater Paris area', 'average lease maturity', 'higher rental income', 'Financial occupancy rate', 'recurring cash flow', 'low debt ratio', 'individual third parties', 'continuous margin improvement', 'Group Loan to', 'sustainable operational performance', 'The REIT activity', 'Energy Sobriety Charter', 'Rental activity', 'Value ratio', 'operational roadmap', '2023 financial year', 'financial participations', 'distribution ratio', 'value creation', 'The Group', 'Consolidated turnover', 'strong potential', 'high level', 'Gross subscriptions', 'Ecological Transition', 'Gender Parity', 'Professional Equality', 'Article 8 classification', 'Novapierre Allemagne', 'ESG rating', 'Advanced level', 'EthiFinance Outlook', 'business model', 'macroeconomic uncertainties', 'growing demands', 'ESG transformation', 'Annual Shareholder', 'May 23rd', 'February 22nd', 'annual statutory', 'consolidated accounts', 'diversified model', 'strategic plan', 'current challenges', 'Antoine Castro', 'prudent approach', 'investment opportunities', 'ESG dimension', 'Anne Schwartz', 'Operating activities', 'direct investment', 'management activity', 'PAREF REIT', 'The Board', 'management commissions', 'management fees', 'good results', 'PAREF Gestion', 'ESG strategy', 'Deputy CEO', '7 owned assets', 'office assets', 'PAREF Group', 'recent years', 'SCPI funds', 'December 31st', '4.5 years', '4.2 years', 'increase', 'Revenues', 'Signature', 'SLL', 'LTV', 'behalf', '8 bn', 'institutional', 'Definition', 'portfolio', 'public', 'Ministry', 'Commitment', 'SFDR', 'HappyIndexAtWork', 'WelmpactIndex', 'ChooseMyCompany', 'priorities', 'order', 'Directors', 'dividend', 'approval', 'Meeting', 'closing', 'review', 'auditors', 'progress', 'resilience', 'France', 'financing', 'signing', 'Chairman', 'relevance', 'decisions', 'valuations', 'heart', 'OPPCI', 'downturn', 'weighted', 'WALB', '2024', '1.1', '99', '2022']",2024-02-22,2024-02-23,marketscreener.com
36571,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/BUREAU-VERITAS-SA-64670/news/BUREAU-VERITAS-Excellent-2023-performance-strong-growth-and-record-earnings-Confident-of-strong-46004124/,BUREAU VERITAS - Excellent 2023 performance: strong growth and record earnings; Confident of strong growth in 2024 -February 22  2024 at 01:31 am EST,(marketscreener.com) PRESS RELEASE Neuilly-sur-Seine  France – February 22  2024 Excellent 2023 performance: strong growth and record earnings; Confident of strong growth in 2024 2023 Key Figures1 Revenue of EUR 5 867.8 million for the full year 2023  up 8.5%…,PRESS RELEASENeuilly-sur-Seine  France – February 22  2024Excellent 2023 performance: strong growth and record earnings;Confident of strong growth in 20242023 Key Figures1Revenue of EUR 5 867.8 million for the full year 2023  up 8.5% organically and up 3.8% on a reported basis (including a positive 0.6% scope effect and a negative 5.3% currency fluctuations)In the fourth quarter  organic revenue growth achieved 9.4%Adjusted operating profit of EUR 930.2 million  up 3.1% versus EUR 902.1 million in 2022  representing an adjusted operating margin of 15.9%  down c.10 basis points on a reported basis  and up 20 basis points organically at 16.2% (of which +c.50bps in H2 2023)Operating profit of EUR 824.4 million  up 3.1% versus EUR 799.3 million in 2022Attributable net profit of EUR 503.7 million  up 7.9% versus EUR 466.7 million in 2022Adjusted net profit of EUR 574.7 million (adjusted EPS of EUR 1.27 per share)  up 7.6% versus EUR 533.9 million in 2022 and up 17.6% at constant currencyFree cash flow of EUR 659.1 million (11% of Group revenue)  up 0.3% year-on-year and 5.5% at constant currency  led by disciplined capex policy and working capital managementAdjusted net debt/EBITDA ratio 2 reduced to 0.92x as of December 31  2023  versus 0.97x last yearreduced to 0.92x as of December 31  2023  versus 0.97x last year Proposed dividend of EUR 0.83 per share3  up 7.8% year-on-year  payable in cash2023 HighlightsAppointment of a new CEO and strengthening of the Executive Committee to support future growth ambitions2023 financial targets exceeded on all metricsOver 80% of the portfolio delivered at least mid-to-high single digit or double-digit organic revenue growth driven by good momentum in the sales pipelineStrong growth in every region (Americas  Middle East  Europe  Africa and Asia-Pacific)  substantially outperforming many underlying marketsStrong momentum maintained for Sustainability and energy transition solutions across the entire portfolioAcquisition of two bolt-on companies further diversifying Consumer Products Services adding annualized revenue of c. EUR 28 million. This includes ANCE  the leading player in Mexico for Electrical and Electronics products (c. EUR 21 million of revenue)  announced todayGood progress towards the achievement of the 2025 CSR ambitions; commitment recognized by several non-financial rating agencies  including a first ranking in the 2023 S&P Global rating (DJSI); mid-term GHG emissions targets approved by the Science Based Targets initiative (SBTi)2024 OutlookLeveraging a healthy and growing sales pipeline  high customer demand for ‘new economy services’ and strong underlying market growth  Bureau Veritas expects to deliver for the full year 2024:Mid-to-high single-digit organic revenue growth;Improvement in adjusted operating margin at constant exchange rates;Strong cash flow  with a cash conversion above 90%.The Group expects H2 organic revenue growth above H1 (with stronger comparables in H1).Hinda Gharbi  Chief Executive Officer  commented:“We delivered very strong results in 2023  reflecting our robust business fundamentals  our consistent execution and our customer centricity around the globe. We achieved organic growth of 8.5%  a healthy organic margin of 16.2%  and record earnings per share of EUR 1.27  up over 17% at constant exchange rates.I would like to warmly thank all our colleagues around the world for their dedication and hard work to deliver this outstanding performance.I also want to thank our shareholders for their continued support. As a result of our robust cash flow generation and financials  the Board is recommending a dividend increase of 8% compared to last year.I am convinced that we can take Bureau Veritas to higher levels of performance and achievement. Our portfolio of leading global business lines  strong execution track record and exposure to positive secular trends are key contributors to our current performance and a great foundation for future outperformance.Specifically  we expect powerful demand for services supporting transition to sustainable development models  evolving buildings integrity needs  growing infrastructure investment and increased spending in low-carbon energy development. Our current pipeline of opportunities in these business areas is a testament to this durable growth dynamic. I look forward to updating the market with our vision and new strategy at our Capital Markets Day on March 20th.For 2024  we expect Bureau Veritas to deliver another strong year of organic revenue growth  margin expansion4 and strong cash conversion.”2023 KEY FIGURESThe Board of Directors of Bureau Veritas met on February 21  2024  and approved the financial statements for full year 2023. The main consolidated financial items are:IN EUR MILLIONS 2023 2022 CHANGE CONSTANT CURRENCY Revenue 5 867.8 5 650.6 +3.8% +9.1% Adjusted operating profit(a) 930.2 902.1 +3.1% +10.5% Adjusted operating margin(a) 15.9% 16.0% (11)bps +21bps Operating profit 824.4 799.3 +3.1% +10.8% Adjusted net profit(a) 574.7 533.9 +7.6% +17.6% Attributable net profit 503.7 466.7 +7.9% +18.1% Adjusted EPS(a) 1.27 1.18 +7.4% +17.4% EPS 1.11 1.03 +7.7% +17.9% Operating cash flow 819.7 834.9 (1.8)% +3.7% Free cash flow(a) 659.1 657.0 +0.3% +5.5% Adjusted net financial debt(a) 936.2 975.3 (4.0)% Adjusted net debt/EBITDA ratio(b) 0.92x 0.97x +5.2% (a) Alternative performance indicators are presented  defined and reconciled with IFRS in appendices 6 and 7 of this press release. (b) Ratio of adjusted net financial debt divided by consolidated EBITDA (earnings before interest  tax  depreciation  amortization and provisions)  adjusted for any entities acquired over the last 12 months.2023 FINANCIAL HIGHLIGHTSStrong organic revenue growth in the full yearGroup revenue increased by 8.5% organically in 2023  benefiting from very solid trends across most businesses and geographies. In the fourth quarter  organic growth stood at a strong 9.4%.This is reflected as follows by business:Half of the portfolio (Buildings & Infrastructure and Agri-Food & Commodities) achieved mid-single- digit revenue growth. Buildings & Infrastructure (up 6.3% organically) was driven by both in-service and new build activity. Agri-Food & Commodities (up 5.7% organically) was supported by strong growth in both Agri-Food and Government services;More than a third of the portfolio (Industry  Certification and Marine & Offshore) delivered double digit organic revenue growth  benefiting from strong decarbonization trends (Marine & Offshore)  energy transition (led by Renewables) and the rising demand for Sustainability and ESG-driven services (for Certification notably);An eighth of the portfolio (Consumer Products Services) was broadly stable organically  down 0.5% (including a 3.8% organic revenue recovery in the fourth quarter)  attributed to fewer new product launches  and high inventory specifically in consumer electronics.Solid financial positionAt the end of December 2023  the Group's adjusted net financial debt decreased compared with the level at December 31  2022. Bureau Veritas has a solid financial structure with most of its maturities to be refinanced after 2024. The Group had EUR 1.2 billion in available cash and cash equivalents and EUR 600 million in undrawn committed credit lines.At December 31  2023  the adjusted net financial debt/EBITDA ratio was further reduced to 0.92x (from 0.97x at December 31  2022) and the EBITDA/consolidated net financial expense ratio was 44.33x. The average maturity of the Group’s financial debt was 3.7 years  while the average gross cost of debt during the year was 2.7% excluding the impact of IFRS 16 (compared to 2.1% in 2022  excluding the impact of IFRS 16). On September 7  2023  the Group redeemed at maturity a €500 million bond program issued in 2016.Proposed dividendThe Board of Directors of Bureau Veritas is proposing a dividend of EUR 0.83 per share for 2023  up 7.8% compared to the prior year. This corresponds to a payout ratio of 65% of its adjusted net profit.This is subject to the approval of the Shareholders’ Meeting to be held on June 20  2024  at 3:00pm at the Bureau Veritas Headquarters  Immeuble Newtime  40-52 Boulevard du Parc  92200  Neuilly-sur-Seine  France. The dividend will be paid in cash on July 4  2024 (shareholders on the register on July 3  2024  will be entitled to the dividend and the share will go ex-dividend on July 2  2024).ACTIVE PORTFOLIO MANAGEMENT IN 2023During 2023  Bureau Veritas has redefined its M&A strategy  rebuilt its acquisition pipeline and added dedicated resources to resume acquisitions and support its growth in the near future.Resuming selective bolt-on M&AIn the second half of the year  the Group completed two transactions in strategic areas to further diversify its Consumer Products Services business line representing c. EUR 28 million in annualized revenue.ANNUALIZED REVENUE COUNTRY/AREA DATE FIELD OF EXPERTISE Consumer Products Services Impactiva Group S.A. c. EUR 7m Asia Nov. 2023 Quality assurance for the footwear industry ANCE S.A de C.V (Associacón de Normalización y Certificación)c. EUR 21m Mexico Dec. 2023 Testing and certification services for electrical and electronic productsBureau Veritas also announced a strategic collaboration and investment in OrbitMI (more information by clicking here). Aimed at accelerating the development of both existing and new data-driven solutions  the collaboration will leverage combined strengths to address the dual opportunities of the digital transformation and the decarbonization of shipping.Consumer Products ServicesImpactiva Group S.A.Since its establishment in 2003  Impactiva has become a strategic partner for its broad portfolio of top-tier footwear  apparel and leather goods retailers and brand owners. The company provides support and guidance to hundreds of factories and tanneries across Asia  Europe and Africa  ensuring the highest levels of quality in production. Known for its innovative solutions  Impactiva optimizes the use of raw materials  minimizes waste  and eliminates finished product defects through process improvements at its clients’ third-party factories. This acquisition marks a milestone for Bureau Veritas' Consumer Products Services division  as it strengthens its presence in upstream services to the footwear and apparel manufacturing industry  augmenting its capacity to deliver supply chain services in line with economic  quality  and sustainability objectives. The acquisition of Impactiva by Bureau Veritas signifies a key move in the realm of quality assurance for the footwear and apparel industry.ANCE S.A de C.V. (Asociación de Normalización y Certificación)ANCE is the Mexican leader for conformity assessment covering many segments including electrical products  household appliances  lighting products  electronic products  wireless products. ANCE is a strategic partner to a wide portfolio of domestic clients including manufacturers  retailers  importers  and brands in Mexico  but also worldwide. The company employs around 400 people across its various laboratories in the country. This acquisition significantly enhances Bureau Veritas’ Consumer Products Services presence in the Americas  entering a large and growing domestic market with increasing regulatory requirements for quality. It positions Bureau Veritas Consumer Products Services as the market leader in Mexico. It could also serve as a springboard for expansion into North America.DivestmentsIn July 2023  the Group sold its non-core automotive inspection business in the US  representing less than EUR 20 million of annualized revenue.STRENGTHENING OF THE EXECUTIVE COMMITTEE TO SUPPORT FUTURE GROWTH AMBITIONSHinda Gharbi appointed Chief Executive Officer of Bureau VeritasOn June 22  2023  following the Annual Shareholders’ Meeting  the Board of Directors appointed Hinda Gharbi as Chief Executive Officer. She joined Bureau Veritas on May 1  2022  as Chief Operating Officer and became a member of the Group Executive Committee. On January 1  2023  she was appointed Deputy Chief Executive Officer of Bureau Veritas.For more information  the press release is available by clicking hereKey operational appointmentsIn 2023  Bureau Veritas also announced the reshaping and strengthening of its Executive Committee. Designed to align the organization with its strategic imperatives  this evolution ideally positions Bureau Veritas to seize key future growth opportunities. First  the Group aims to leverage the full potential of regional market opportunities  and to facilitate scaling of solutions and improved resource utilization. Second  it embeds Sustainability at the very heart of Bureau Veritas and accelerates the development and execution of its strategy. Third  these changes will further drive innovation through broad digital enablement to capture increased efficiency and productivity  and to develop new solutions and provide differentiated customer experience.Marc Roussel appointed Executive Vice-President Commodities  Industry and Facilities division in France and AfricaFor more information  the press release is available by clicking here.Vincent Bourdil appointed Executive Vice-President Global Business Lines and PerformancesFor more information  the press release is available by clicking here.Juliano Cardoso appointed Executive Vice-President Corporate Development & SustainabilityFor more information  the press release is available by clicking here .Surachet Tanwongsval appointed Executive Vice-President Commodities  Industry and Facilities division in Asia-PacificFor more information  the press release is available by clicking here .Philipp Karmires appointed Executive Vice-President  Group Chief Digital OfficerFor more information  the press release is available by clicking here .COMMITMENT TOWARDS NON-FINANCIAL PERFORMANCETo support the execution of the Group’s CSR strategy  the Board of Bureau Veritas has created a CSR Committee to oversee Sustainability issues. The Committee reviews CSR strategic directions and monitors CSR programs implementation and policy effectiveness  in line with Bureau Veritas' strategic plan.In addition  Bureau Veritas continued its efforts to be exemplary in terms of Sustainability  around all environmental  social and governance practices.Bureau Veritas’ GHG emissions targets approved by the SBTi and enrolled in the CAC 40 SBT 1.5° indexOn June 1  2023  Bureau Veritas announced that its near-term targets had been approved by the Science Based Targets initiative (SBTi).This approval is an important step  in line with Bureau Veritas’ Climate Transition Plan. It marks the Group’s strong commitment to following a CO2 emissions reduction pathway consistent with global warming of 1.5°C.As a consequence  Bureau Veritas joined the CAC 40 SBT 1.5° index on September 18  2023.Strong recognition by non-financial rating agenciesBureau Veritas ranks first among 184 companies in the S&P Global Corporate Sustainability Assessment (CSA) for the Professional Services Industry category - encompassing the TIC sector - with a score of 83/100 for 2023. This achievement illustrates the engagement of its 82 000 Trust Makers  at all levels of the company  who are having a positive impact on Society and the planet.The Group is also listed in the S&P Global Sustainability Yearbook 2024  in the Top 1% S&P Global CSA Score in the Professional Services industry.Finally  Bureau Veritas has been recognized by research and advisory firm Verdantix as a “specialist” for environmental  social and governance (ESG) services and sustainability consulting services. Bureau Veritas is listed in its latest report “Green Quadrant: ESG & Sustainability Consulting 2024”.Corporate Social Responsibility (CSR) key indicatorsUNSDGs FY2023 FY2022 2025TARGET SOCIAL & HUMAN CAPITAL Total Accident Rate (TAR)5 #3 0.25 0.26 0.26 Proportion of women in leadership positions6 #5 29.3% 29.1% 35% Number of training hours per employee (per year) #8 36.1 32.5 35.0 NATURAL CAPITAL CO 2 emissions per employee (tons per year)7 #13 2.42 2.32 2.00 GOVERNANCE Proportion of employees trained to the Code of Ethics #16 97.4% 97.1% 99%2024 OUTLOOKLeveraging a healthy and growing sales pipeline  high customer demand for ‘new economy services’ and strong underlying market growth  Bureau Veritas expects to deliver for the full year 2024:Mid-to-high single-digit organic revenue growth;Improvement in adjusted operating margin at constant exchange rates;Strong cash flow  with a cash conversion above 90%8.The Group expects H2 organic revenue growth above H1 (with stronger comparables in H1).2024 Capital Markets DayBureau Veritas will host a Capital Markets Day on March 20th  2024  in Paris. This will be an opportunity to reveal the Group's new strategy and ambitions. This event offers attendees to gain insights into Bureau Veritas’ business and to engage with the company’s leaders (contact the IR Team to register: cmd2024@bureauveritas.com).ANALYSIS OF THE GROUP'S RESULTS AND FINANCIAL POSITIONRevenue up 3.8% year on year (+9.1% at constant currency)Revenue in 2023 amounted to EUR 5 867.8 million  a 3.8% increase compared with 2022. The organic increase was 8.5%  benefiting from very solid trends across most businesses and most geographies.Three businesses delivered double-digit organic revenue growth  with Industry up 16.5%  Marine & Offshore 14.4% and Certification 12.4%. Two businesses delivered mid-single-digit organic revenue growth  with Buildings & Infrastructure (B&I) up 6.3% and Agri-Food & Commodities up 5.7%. Consumer Products Services saw a nearly stable organic revenue growth  down 0.5% (including a 3.8% recovery in Q4 2023).By geography  activities in the Americas strongly outperformed the rest of the Group (28% of revenue; up 10.3% organically)  led by a 24.0% increase in Latin America. Europe (35% of revenue; up 7.3% organically) was primarily led by strong activity levels in Southern Europe. Activity in Asia-Pacific (28% of revenue; up 5.2% organically) benefited from robust growth in Australia and South Asia. Finally  in Africa and the Middle East (9% of revenue)  business increased by 18.2% on an organic basis  essentially driven by energy investments in the Middle East.The scope effect was a positive 0.6% reflecting the bolt-on acquisitions realized in the previous year partly offset by a small disposal in the third quarter (explaining a negative impact of 0.4% in the last quarter).Currency fluctuations had a negative impact of 5.3% (including a negative impact of 6.4% in the fourth quarter)  mainly due to the strength of the Euro against the US dollar and pegged currencies and some emerging countries’ currencies.Adjusted operating profit up 3.1% to EUR 930.2 million (+10.5% at constant currency)Adjusted operating profit increased by 3.1% to EUR 930.2 million. The 2023 adjusted operating margin decreased by 11 basis points to 15.9%  including a 32 basis-point negative foreign exchange impact and a 1 basis point positive scope impact. Organically  the adjusted operating margin increased by 20 basis points to 16.2% (of which c.50 basis point was delivered in the second half of 2023). This illustrates good progress in operational excellence programs  and the disciplined execution of pricing programs.CHANGE IN ADJUSTED OPERATING MARGIN IN PERCENTAGE AND BASIS POINTS 2022 adjusted operating margin 16.0% Organic change +20bps Organic adjusted operating margin 16.2% Scope +1bp Adjusted operating margin at constant currency 16.2% Currency (32)bps 2023 adjusted operating margin 15.9%Four businesses experienced higher organic margins thanks to operational leverage in a context of strong revenue growth  contract selectivity and a positive mix effect: Industry (14.0%  margin up 250 basis points organically)  Marine & Offshore (23.8%  margin up 94 basis points)  Agri-Food & Commodities (14.9%  margin up 70 basis point) and Certification (18.9%  margin up 26 basis points). Two businesses saw a margin decline  namely Consumer Products Services and Buildings & Infrastructure  respectively impacted by lower consumer demand and mix effects.Other operating expenses increased to EUR 105.8 million versus EUR 102.8 million in 2022. These include:EUR 57.1 million in amortization of intangible assets resulting from acquisitions (EUR 65.7 million in 2022);EUR 22.1 million in write-offs of non-current assets related to laboratory consolidations (EUR 10.2 million in 2022);EUR 30.3 million in restructuring costs (EUR 31.2 million in 2022);EUR 3.7 million in net gains on disposals and acquisitions (net gains of EUR 4.3 million in 2022).Operating profit totaled EUR 824.4 million  up 3.1% from EUR 799.3 million in 2022.Adjusted EPS reached EUR 1.27  up 7.4% year on year (up 17.4% at constant currency)Net finance costs decreased to EUR 46.0 million (vs. EUR 72.4 million in 2022)  reflecting mainly the increases in the income from cash and cash equivalents and interest rate increases.The foreign exchange impact is a positive EUR 6.9 million (vs. a positive EUR 4.6 million in 2022) due to the depreciation of the US dollar against the Euro and the appreciation of the US dollar and the Euro against most emerging market currencies.Other items (including interest cost on pension plans and other financial expenses) stood ata negative EUR 29.4 million  from a negative EUR 13.6 million in 2022.As a result  net financial expenses decreased to EUR 68.5 million in full-year 2023 compared with EUR 81.4 million in 2022.Income tax expense totaled EUR 240.7 million in 2023  compared with EUR 233.4 million in 2022.This represents an effective tax rate (ETR - income tax expense divided by profit before tax) of 31.8% for the period  compared with 32.5% in 2022. The adjusted ETR is down 50 basis points at 31.1%  compared with 2022. The decrease is mainly due to the decrease in the contribution on added value of enterprises (CVAE - Cotisation sur la valeur ajoutée des entreprises) in France.Attributable net profit in 2023 was EUR 503.7 million  up +7.9% vs. EUR 466.7 million profit in 2022.Earnings per share (EPS) stood at EUR 1.11 vs. EUR 1.03 in 2022  up +7.7% year on year.Adjusted attributable net profit totaled EUR 574.7 million  up +7.6% vs. EUR 533.9 million in 2022.Adjusted EPS stood at EUR 1.27  a 7.4% increase vs. EUR 1.18 in 2022.Very robust free cash flow at EUR 659 million (up 5.5% at constant currency)Full year 2023 operating cash flow decreased by 1.8% to EUR 819.7 million vs. EUR 834.9 million in 2022. The increase in profit before income tax was largely offset by higher income taxes. Despite the strong revenue performance in the fourth quarter  the working capital outflow remained under control (at EUR 53.6 million  compared to a EUR 12.5 million outflow the previous year).The working capital requirement (WCR) stood at EUR 379.8 million on December 31  2023  compared to EUR 341.1 million on December 31  2022. As a percentage of revenue  WCR increased slightly by 50 basis points to 6.5%  compared to 6.0% in 2022  which was a record low. This showed the continued strong focus of the entire organization on cash metrics  in a context of rapid topline growth. Key initiatives were implemented under the “Move For Cash” program (optimizing the “invoice to cash” process  accelerating billing and cash collection processes throughout the Group reinforced by a central task force  and daily monitoring of cash inflows).Purchases of property  plant and equipment and intangible assets  net of disposals (Net Capex)  amounted to EUR 143.5 million in 2023  an increase compared to EUR 125.4 million in 2022. This showed disciplined control  with the Group’s net capex-to-revenue ratio of 2.4%  broadly stable compared to the level in 2022.Free cash flow (operating cash flow after tax  interest expenses and capex) wasEUR 659.1 million  compared to EUR 657.0 million in 2022  up 0.3% year on year  notably led by operating performance  offset by currency moves. At constant exchange rates  growth was 5.5%. On an organic basis  free cash flow increased by 4.9% year on year.CHANGE IN FREE CASH FLOW IN EUR MILLIONS Free cash flow at December 31  2022 657.0 Organic change 32.3 Organic free cash flow 689.3 Scope 4.1 Free cash flow at constant currency 693.4 Currency (34.3) Free cash flow at December 31  2023 659.1At December 31  2023  adjusted net financial debt was EUR 936.2 million  i.e. 0.92x EBITDA as defined in the calculation of the bank covenant  compared with 0.97x at December 31  2022. The decrease in adjusted net financial debt of EUR 39.1 million versus December 31  2022 (EUR 975.3 million) reflects:Free cash flow of EUR 659.1 million;Dividend payments totaling EUR 396.3 million;Acquisitions (net) and repayment of amounts owed to shareholders  accounting for EUR 71.0 million;Lease payments (related to the application of IFRS 16)  accounting for EUR 141.9 million;Other items that increased the Group's debt by EUR 10.8 million (including foreign exchange).2023 BUSINESS REVIEWMARINE & OFFSHOREIN EUR MILLIONS 2023 2022 CHANGE ORGANIC SCOPE CURRENCY Revenue 455.7 418.3 +8.9% +14.4% - (5.5)% Adjusted operating profit 108.6 100.7 +7.8% Adjusted operating margin 23.8% 24.1% (24)bps +94bps - (119)bpsThe Marine & Offshore business was among the best performing businesses within the Group’s portfolio in the full year 2023 with organic growth of 14.4% (including 13.4% in the fourth quarter) led by all geographies and activities:Double-digit organic revenue growth in New Construction (40% of divisional revenue)  reflecting the solid backlog and acceleration of new order conversion over the year  boosted by sector trends across the shipping industry (renewal of the world’s ageing fleet and decarbonization regulations). Activity from shipyards in China and South Korea was particularly strong in Q4.(40% of divisional revenue)  reflecting the solid backlog and acceleration of new order conversion over the year  boosted by sector trends across the shipping industry (renewal of the world’s ageing fleet and decarbonization regulations). Activity from shipyards in China and South Korea was particularly strong in Q4. Double-digit organic revenue growth in the Core In-service activity (45% of divisional revenue)  still led by a sustained high level of occasional surveys  especially on old ships  combined with price increases and the growth of the classed fleet. On December 31  2023  the fleet classified by Bureau Veritas comprised 11 705 ships (up 0.8% on a yearly basis)  representing 148.7 million of Gross Register Tonnage (GRT).activity (45% of divisional revenue)  still led by a sustained high level of occasional surveys  especially on old ships  combined with price increases and the growth of the classed fleet. On December 31  2023  the fleet classified by Bureau Veritas comprised 11 705 ships (up 0.8% on a yearly basis)  representing 148.7 million of Gross Register Tonnage (GRT). Double-digit organic revenue growth for Services (15% of divisional revenue  including Offshore) was driven by the good commercial development of non-classification services  including consulting services related to energy efficiency.Bureau Veritas new orders reached 9.3 million gross tons at December 31  2023  bringing the order book to 22.4 million gross tons at the end of the year  up 11.4% compared to 20.1 million gross tons at end 2022. It is composed of a variety of LNG-fueled ships  container ships and specialized vessels.Marine & Offshore continued to focus on efficiency levers through digitalization and high added-value services. In September 2023  the Group announced a strategic partnership with OrbitMI  a New York-based maritime software company  formalized through Bureau Veritas investment in OrbitMI. Aimed at accelerating the development of both existing and new data-driven solutions to optimize ships journey the collaboration will leverage combined strengths to address the dual opportunities of the digital transformation  and the decarbonization of shipping (access more information by clicking here).Adjusted operating margin for the full year declined by 24 basis points to a still healthy 23.8% on a reported basis compared to FY 2022  negatively impacted by foreign exchange effects (119 basis points). Organically  the margin rose by 94 basis points  benefiting from a positive mix and operational excellence.Sustainability achievementsIn 2023  Bureau Veritas continued to address the challenges of Sustainability and energy transition by providing rules and guidelines for the safety  risk and performance requirements for innovation in fuels and propulsion systems. The Group helped its clients comply with environmental regulations  implement sustainable solutions on board  and measure progress in decarbonization.Among the services and solutions delivered  in the last quarter of 2023  Bureau Veritas was selected to class the world’s largest ammonia carriers for Naftomar Shipping to be built by Hanwha Ocean in China. It will support the adoption of carbon-neutral fuels by the shipping industry  and the development of supply chains for green hydrogen.The Group also issued its Approval in Principle (AiP) to Greek company Erma First for its Blue Connect system. This system has been designed for a specific maximum load capacity according to individual vessel specifications and to meet specific port requirements. Connection to shore power will be a requirement for containerships and cruise ships in European ports from 2030 and may be requested by other customers looking to eliminate or reduce emissions while in port.AGRI-FOOD & COMMODITIESIN EUR MILLIONS 2023 2022 CHANGE ORGANIC SCOPE CURRENCY Revenue 1 233.6 1 224.8 +0.7% +5.7% - (5.0)% Adjusted operating profit 184.0 176.0 +4.6% Adjusted operating margin 14.9% 14.4% +55bps +70bps - (15)bpsThe Agri-Food & Commodities business delivered organic revenue growth of 5.7% over the year 2023  with progress across all activities. The fourth quarter recorded organic growth of 7.5%.Oil & Petrochemicals (O&P  31% of divisional revenue) recorded mid-single digit organic revenue growth overall in 2023  with a robust performance in the fourth quarter. Europe was driven by market share gains  while the Middle East benefited from stronger activity at the end of the year on the back of beneficial shifts in routes. O&P Trade was impacted in North America and Asia by tough competition. Non-trade related services and value-added segments continued to expand across O&P. The Group maintained strong traction around its new initiatives such as biofuels and OCM (Oil Condition Monitoring) especially in the USA and in Benelux.Metals & Minerals (M&M  32% of divisional revenue) achieved low single-digit organic growth over the full year including mid-single-digit growth in Q4. Upstream activity (nearly two-thirds of M&M) benefits from solid underlying trends  with good momentum in gold and green metals (copper  nickel  etc). The on-site laboratories’ strategy remains a strong growth driver with important wins in the Asia-Pacific region during the last quarter. In mining-related testing  the Group started to benefit from its recent investment and diversification in the Middle East. Trade activities recorded high-single digit organic revenue growth  led by sustained strong volumes in Asia.Agri-Food (22% of divisional revenue) activities achieved high-single-digit organic growth  including a stellar double-digit performance in the fourth quarter. This growth was mainly driven by Agricultural products  as the year was marked by exceptionally good harvests for different food commodities in South America (mainly Brazil  with a record production in soybean) and for corn overall.The good momentum on biodiesel in Latin America also supported growth. Within the Food business  which grew mid-single digit organically  testing activities in Australia improved as they gradually diversify their customer base. The North America and Middle East regions also strongly benefited from the ramp-up of new labs.Government services (15% of divisional revenue) recorded another strong year in 2023 with high single-digit organic revenue growth. The growth was broad-based and driven by the solid ramp-up of new VOC (Verification of Conformity) contracts in the Middle East  in Africa and the Caspian area.The adjusted operating margin for the Agri-Food & Commodities business rose to 14.9%  up 55 basis points compared to last year  and up 70 basis points on an organic basis. This was driven by operational leverage and a positive business mix.Sustainability achievementsIn the second half of 2023  the Group provided cargo inspection and sampling services on biofuel products made from multi-seed crush and vegetable oils on behalf of an American global food corporation in Belgium. The Group was also awarded a Sustainability data assurance contract for one of the world’s largest Food companies. In the last quarter  Bureau Veritas was selected to deliver carbon-related services for a large crop science company in Germany to improve its agricultural practices.INDUSTRYIN EUR MILLIONS 2023 2022 CHANGE ORGANIC SCOPE CURRENCY Revenue 1 249.5 1 181.0 +5.8% +16.5% (1.0)% (9.7)% Adjusted operating profit 174.8 139.1 +25.6% Adjusted operating margin 14.0% 11.8% +217bps +250bps +9bps (43)bpsIndustry was the best performing business within the Group’s portfolio in 2023  with very strong organic revenue growth of 16.5% in the year including 18.7% in the fourth quarter.All segments and most geographies contributed to the divisional growth  with Americas  Middle East and Africa outperforming. Energy transition commitments and policies remained a key growth catalyst overall and triggered low carbon energy investment and the creation of decarbonation solutions which benefited the division.By market  Power & Utilities (14% of divisional revenue) remained a growth driver for the portfolio with a double-digit organic performance. In Latin America  the Group continues to benefit from its leading grid Opex platform and contract wins with various Power Distribution clients  although growth was moderated by the Group’s focus on profitable contracts. In Europe  the nuclear power generation segment enhanced growth  primarily driven by new projects in the UK and the EDF power plants renovation programs in France.Renewable Power Generation activities (solar  wind  hydrogen) maintained strong momentum during the whole year  with a high double-digit organic performance delivered across most geographies. Strong growth was recorded in the US  fueled by Bureau Veritas’ Bradley Construction Management for solar  onshore wind and high-voltage transmission projects. In 2023  Bureau Veritas launched two certification schemes dedicated to renewable hydrogen and Ammonia  ensuring such products are produced with safe and sustainable practices  using renewable energy sources.In Oil & Gas (33% of divisional revenue)  double-digit organic revenue growth was maintained in 2023. Two-thirds of the business related to Opex services recorded an organic growth of 20.4% led by the conversion of a solid sales pipeline. Capex-related activities  including Procurement Services  grew double-digit organically  benefiting from the startup of new projects in the gas sector (LNG). Large contracts ramped up in Australia  Middle East  Africa and Latin America through 2023.The non-energy activities performed well in both Opex and Capex services. These activities benefited from a number of drivers including ageing assets  tightening regulations  and the adoption of more sustainable and decarbonized asset management practices in different industries. During the year  as part of its active portfolio management  the Group further reduced its exposure to the Automotive business through the disposal in July 2023 of its non-core automotive inspection business in the US  representing below EUR 20 million of annualized revenue (3.7% of divisional revenue).Adjusted operating margin for 2023 increased by 217 basis points to 14.0% (of which 250 basis points is organic). This is attributable to more contract selectivity  and some operational leverage through the ramp-up of contracts.Sustainability achievementsDuring 2023  Bureau Veritas continued to develop and execute many new services to support its industry customers as they transition and decarbonize from co-developed plug-and-play decarbonization solutions to quality control services for various offshore windfarm construction projects (during the fabrication  manufacture and installation phases). In the last quarter  the Group was selected for the engineering and Quality Assessment support on Woodside Energy’s H2OK hydrogen plant in the US. The Group was also involved in a Project management assistance (PMA) mission for the creation of a 125 miles green energy transmission line connecting California and Arizona.BUILDINGS & INFRASTRUCTUREIN EUR MILLIONS 2023 2022 CHANGE ORGANIC SCOPE CURRENCY Revenue 1 753.3 1 664.0 +5.4% +6.3% +1.4% (2.3)% Adjusted operating profit 229.3 228.7 +0.3% Adjusted operating margin 13.1% 13.7% (63)bps (70)bps +12bps (5)bpsThe Buildings & Infrastructure (B&I) business achieved an organic growth of 6.3% in 2023 against strong comparables in the previous year. This included a fourth quarter organic revenue growth recovery as expected to 4.4%.During the period  the building-in service activity outperformed the construction-related activities.The Americas region (27% of divisional revenue) delivered different performance by geography. In Latin America  strong growth was recorded  led by Brazil and Mexico  driven by wins of large Capex contracts in the transportation sectors. In North America  activity was slightly lower after strong results in 2022 and efforts to improve revenue mix through selectivity on some contracts. While the commercial real estate transactions business remained subdued due to high interest rates  the Group benefited from its very diversified portfolio (by service  asset and driver). Double digit growth was achieved in data center commissioning services thanks to continued geographical expansion and growth in cloud computing services. In addition  code compliance activities remained robust as the business benefits from exposure to the high population growth in Southern states (including Texas and Florida).Europe (50% of divisional revenue) delivered strong growth across the board with particularly high performances in Italy  the UK and the Netherlands. More stringent regulation continued to benefit both Opex and Capex activities around energy efficiency and building safety. Mid-single-digit growth (including a strong fourth quarter) was achieved in France (39% of divisional revenue) led by its Opex business (three quarters of the country’s revenue) thanks to continued price increases and productivity gains. The capex related activities grew slightly against a declining market  as they are more weighted towards infrastructure and public works (including the Olympic Games 2024) versus residential buildings. The French government stimulus plan ‘Plan de relance’ also contributed to the growth.The Asia-Pacific region (19% of divisional revenue) reached high-single digit organic growth in 2023. While outstanding performances were delivered in India  Southeastern Asia  Australia and Saudi Arabia  Chinese activity only slowly recovered from unfavorable comparables (following the reopening of the Chinese market the previous year). In China  the energy transition drive stimulated power-related construction activities while the spend for infrastructure projects in the transportation field remained low.The Middle East & Africa region (4% of divisional revenue) was the best-performing area  recording a strong double-digit organic revenue increase in 2023. In the Middle East  the performance was led by the roll-out of numerous development projects. In Saudi Arabia  the Group is still strongly engaged in delivering QA/QC Services for the NEOM smart city project.Adjusted operating margin for the full year declined by 63 basis points to 13.1% from 13.7% in the prior year mainly driven by a negative mix effect.Sustainability achievementsIn the fourth quarter of 2023  the Group was awarded several contracts in the field of energy audits and sustainability requirements. This ranges from Green Building audit campaigns according to internal Sustainable Construction standards for a leading retail real estate owner and energy audits for Michigan schools.CERTIFICATIONIN EUR MILLIONS 2023 2022 CHANGE ORGANIC SCOPE CURRENCY Revenue 465.0 428.3 +8.6% +12.4% - (3.8)% Adjusted operating profit 88.0 81.4 +8.0% Adjusted operating margin 18.9% 19.0% (7)bps +26bps - (33)bpsThe Certification business recorded strong organic growth of 12.4% in the full year 2023 (including 15.1% in the fourth quarter).This was supported by both volume and price increases. The acceleration of the Group’s portfolio diversification also continued to drive growth.The growth was broad-based across schemes and geographies. Americas  Asia-Pacific and the Middle East and Africa region delivered the strongest organic revenue performances thanks to business development efforts and exposure to new services including Sustainability and CSR-driven solutions.During the period  the business continued to be led by increased client demand for more brand protection  traceability  and social responsibility commitments all along the supply chains. Double-digit growth was recorded for QHSE schemes  Supply Chain & Sustainability and Food Safety. Bureau Veritas also won a public outsourcing contract with the Direction Générale de l’Alimentation to provide services around food safety inspections in France.Sustainability-related services delivered strong double-digit organic revenue growth in 2023 fueled by a continuing high demand for verification of greenhouse gas emissions and supply chain audits on ESG topics. In the medium term  the business is expected to benefit from several regulatory changes (CS3D -Corporate Sustainability Due Diligence Directive  EU Deforestation Regulation  EU CSRD -Corporate Sustainability Reporting Directive) which will require more audits and certification services than today.Momentum remained strong for solutions dedicated to companies around IT Service Management and information security. The Cybersecurity business posted very high double-digit organic performance. This is due to extremely robust business development and rising demand for more verifications around enterprise cyber risks.The adjusted operating margin for the full year was a very healthy 18.9%  compared to 19.0% in the previous year. This reflects a 26 basis points organic increase  attributed to productivity gains  offset by a negative foreign exchange effect of 33 basis points.Sustainability achievementsDuring 2023  Bureau Veritas won numerous contracts in the Sustainability field. For instance  in the last quarter  the Group was selected by Mondelez International for sustainability data assurance and social audits. The Group was also awarded a contract by a European power company for the measurement of the organizational level carbon footprint and commitment to SBTi.At COP 28 in Dubai  Bureau Veritas  Environmental intelligence services company Kayrros  and one of the world's leading suppliers of traceability systems OPTEL  announced the signing of a strategic partnership to provide companies with a solution to combat deforestation. The partnership is designed to help companies comply with the European Union Deforestation Regulation (EUDR)  which aims to combat deforestation caused by the import of certain products. A first contract has been signed with a wood importer to ensure the traceability of its products and comply with this directive  which came into force on January 1st  2024. For more information  the press release is available by clicking here.CONSUMER PRODUCTS SERVICESIN EUR MILLIONS 2023 2022 CHANGE ORGANIC SCOPE CURRENCY Revenue 710.7 734.2 (3.2)% (0.5)% +3.1% (5.8)% Adjusted operating profit 145.5 176.2 (17.5)% Adjusted operating margin 20.5% 24.0% (355)bps (258)bps (51)bps (46)bpsThe Consumer Products Services division recorded an organic revenue contraction of 0.5%  including a recovery in the fourth quarter of 2023 (+3.8% organic growth) with varying geographical and service trends.During 2023 (including Q4)  Asia remained the region most impacted by the weak consumer spending backdrop  while the Americas (US and Latin America) continue to benefit from the diversification strategy implemented over the recent years (especially in healthcare in the US).Softlines  Hardlines & Toys (49% of divisional revenue) recorded low-single-digit organic growth in full year 2023. Softlines showed good resilience throughout the year and benefited in the fourth quarter from a restart of goods production as stocks deplete. Hardlines & Toys posted a low-single-digit organic contraction in 2023  with a rebound in Q4 which is expected to continue in the first quarter 2024 as toy sales and new contracts resume. China improved sequentially  and Southern Asia maintained a strong momentum (in Bangladesh  India and Indonesia) -led by the sourcing shift outside of China. Growth was moderate in South-Eastern Asia.Health  Beauty & Household (8% of divisional revenue) recorded solid double-digit organic growth in 2023 (including Q4)  led by the Americas and new contract wins. Advanced Testing Laboratory (ATL) and Galbraith Laboratories Inc.  which were both acquired last year in the US  progressed well with a promising sales pipeline.Inspection & Audit services (13% of divisional revenue) maintained their growth thanks to strong momentum for Sustainability services over the course of 2023  which grew 17% organically. This includes organic products  recycling  social audits and green claim verification across most geographies.Lastly  Technology9 (30% of divisional revenue)  as expected  recorded a mid-single-digit organic contraction  and is still affected by the global decrease in demand for electrical and wireless equipment  as well as the resulting temporary reduction in new product launches. The New Mobility sub-segment however delivered double-digit growth  led by both Asia and the US  thanks to the ramp-up of a new lab in Detroit  Michigan. This reflected good traction of testing on electric vehicle systems and associated components. During the year  the Group opened a new lab in Hanoi fully dedicated to connectivity and wireless testing. It also opened an electronic ATEX (European Directives for controlling explosive atmospheres) regulated lab in Brazil.During the fourth quarter of 2023  the Consumer Products Services division continued its diversification strategy:Services diversification with the acquisition of Impactiva  a leader in quality assurance for the footwear industry  positioned upstream in the value chain;Geographic diversification with the acquisition of ANCE  the leader in testing and certification services for electrical and electronic products in Mexico.Adjusted operating margin for the full year declined by 355 basis points to 20.5% from 24.0% in the prior year. Organically  it decreased by 258 basis points. This was attributed to negative operational leverage.Sustainability achievementsDuring 2023  Bureau Veritas was awarded numerous contracts in the Sustainability field. For instance  in the last quarter  the Group was selected for contracts ranging from social audits  CSR compliance to environmental testing and chemical social audits. The Group also entered into a contract with one of the world's leading sportswear and footwear brands to help them in their supply chain decarbonization efforts through SBTI & greenhouse gas reduction programs.PRESENTATION Full year 2023 results will be presented on Thursday  February 22  2024  at 3:00 p.m. (Paris time) An audio conference will be webcast live. Please connect to: Link to audio conference The presentation slides will be available on: https://group.bureauveritas.com All supporting documents will be available on the website Live dial-in numbers:- France: +33 (0)1 70 37 71 66- UK: +44 (0)33 0551 0200- US: +1 786 697 3501- International: +44 (0)33 0551 0200- Password: Bureau VeritasFINANCIAL CALENDAR Capital Markets Day: March 20  2024 Q1 2024 revenue: April 25  2024 Shareholders’ Meeting: June 20  2024 Half Year 2024 Results: July 26  2024 Q3 2024 revenue: October 23  2024About Bureau VeritasBureau Veritas is a world leader in laboratory testing  inspection and certification services. Created in 1828  the Group has circa 82 000 employees located in nearly 1 600 offices and laboratories around the globe. Bureau Veritas helps its 400 000 clients improve their performance by offering services and innovative solutions in order to ensure that their assets  products  infrastructure and processes meet standards and regulations in terms of quality  health and safety  environmental protection and social responsibility.Bureau Veritas is listed on Euronext Paris and belongs to the CAC 40 ESG  CAC Next 20  CAC 40 SBT 1.5  and SBF 120 indices. Compartment A  ISIN code FR 0006174348  stock symbol: BVI.For more information  visit www.bureauveritas.com  and follow us on Twitter (@bureauveritas) and LinkedIn.Our information is certified with blockchain technology.Check that this press release is genuine at www.wiztrust.com . ANALYST/INVESTOR CONTACTS MEDIA CONTACTS Laurent Brunelle Anette Rey +33 (0)1 55 24 76 09 + 33 (0)6 69 79 84 88 laurent.brunelle@bureauveritas.com anette.rey@bureauveritas.com Colin Verbrugghe +33 (0)1 55 24 77 80 colin.verbrugghe@bureauveritas.comKarine Ansart+33 (0)1 55 24 76 19karine.ansart@bureauveritas.comThis press release (including the appendices) contains forward-looking statements  which are based on current plans and forecasts of Bureau Veritas’ management. Such forward-looking statements are by their nature subject to a number of important risk and uncertainty factors such as those described in the Universal Registration Document (“Document d’enregistrement universel”) filed by Bureau Veritas with the French Financial Markets Authority (“AMF”) that could cause actual results to differ from the plans  objectives and expectations expressed in such forward-looking statements. These forward-looking statements speak only as of the date on which they are made  and Bureau Veritas undertakes no obligation to update or revise any of them  whether as a result of new information  future events or otherwise  according to applicable regulations.APPENDIX 1: Q4 AND FY 2023 REVENUE BY BUSINESSIN EUR MILLIONS Q4/FY2023 Q4/FY2022(a) CHANGE ORGANIC SCOPE CURRENCY Marine & Offshore 117.1 109.0 +7.4% +13.4% - (6.0)% Agri-Food & Commodities 316.5 312.9 +1.2% +7.5% - (6.3)% Industry 322.2 313.7 +2.7% +18.7% (2.1)% (13.9)% Buildings & Infrastructure 470.7 459.0 +2.6% +4.4% - (1.8)% Certification 130.5 117.9 +10.6% +15.1% - (4.5)% Consumer Products 182.8 187.6 (2.5)% +3.8% - (6.3)% Total Q4 revenue 1 539.8 1 500.1 +2.6% +9.4% (0.4)% (6.4)% Marine & Offshore 455.7 418.3 +8.9% +14.4% - (5.5)% Agri-Food & Commodities 1 233.6 1 224.8 +0.7% +5.7% - (5.0)% Industry 1 249.5 1 181.0 +5.8% +16.5% (1.0)% (9.7)% Buildings & Infrastructure 1 753.3 1 664.0 +5.4% +6.3% +1.4% (2.3)% Certification 465.0 428.3 +8.6% +12.4% - (3.8)% Consumer Products 710.7 734.2 (3.2)% (0.5)% +3.1% (5.8)% Total full year revenue 5 867.8 5 650.6 +3.8% +8.5% +0.6% (5.3)%(a) Q4 and FY 2022 figures by business have been restated following a c. €4.0 million reclassification of activities previously reported in Industry to the Buildings & Infrastructure business.APPENDIX 2: 2023 REVENUE BY QUARTER2023 REVENUE BY QUARTER IN EUR MILLIONS Q1 Q2 Q3 Q4 Marine & Offshore 113.1 115.6 110.0 117.1 Agri-Food & Commodities 302.7 308.9 305.5 316.5 Industry 295.3 323.0 309.0 322.2 Buildings & Infrastructure 431.6 437.2 413.8 470.7 Certification 106.9 120.9 106.7 130.5 Consumer Products 154.9 194.2 178.8 182.8 Total revenue 1 404.5 1 499.8 1 423.8 1 539.8APPENDIX 3: ADJUSTED OPERATING PROFIT AND MARGIN BY BUSINESSADJUSTED OPERATING PROFIT ADJUSTED OPERATING MARGIN 20232022CHANGE(%)20232022 CHANGE IN EUR MILLIONS (BASIS POINTS) Marine & Offshore 108.6 100.7 +7.8% 23.8 % 24.1% (24)bps Agri-Food & Commodities 184.0 176.0 +4.6% 14.9 % 14.4% +55bps Industry 174.8 139.1 +25.6% 14.0 % 11.8% +217bps Buildings & Infrastructure 229.3 228.7 +0.3% 13.1 % 13.7% (63)bps Certification 88.0 81.4 +8.0% 18.9 % 19.0% (7)bps Consumer Products 145.5 176.2 (17.5)% 20.5 % 24.0% (355)bps Total Group 930.2 902.1 +3.1% 15.9 % 16.0% (11)bpsAPPENDIX 4: EXTRACTS FROM THE FULL YEAR CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTSExtracts from the full year consolidated financial statements audited and approved on February 21  2024by the Board of Directors. The audit procedures for the full year accounts have been undertaken and theStatutory Auditors’ report has been published.CONSOLIDATED INCOME SATEMENT IN EUR MILLIONS 2023 2022 Revenue 5 867.8 5 650.6 Purchases and external charges (1 642.3) (1 620.5) Personnel costs (3 061.8) (2 929.4) Taxes other than on income (48.9) (53.4) Net (additions to)/reversals of provisions (22.4) 0.5 Depreciation and amortization (291.5) (297.1) Other operating income and expense  net 23.5 48.6 Operating profit 824.4 799.3 Share of profit of equity-accounted companies 0.7 0.1 Operating profit after share of profit of equity-accounted companies 825.1 799.4 Income from cash and cash equivalents 45.0 12.5 Finance costs  gross (91.0) (84.9) Finance costs  net (46.0) (72.4) Other financial income and expense  net (22.5) (9.0) Net financial expense (68.5) (81.4) Profit before income tax 756.6 718.0 Income tax expense (240.7) (233.4) Net profit 515.9 484.6 Non-controlling interests (12.2) 17.9 Attributable net profit 503.7 466.7 Earnings per share (in euros): Basic earnings per share 1.11 1.03 Diluted earnings per share 1.10 1.02CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF FINANCIAL POSITION IN EUR MILLIONS DEC. 31  2023 DEC. 31  2022 Goodwill 2 127.4 2 143.7 Intangible assets 360.0 392.5 Property  plant and equipment 389.0 374.8 Right-of-use assets 391.5 381.3 Non-current financial assets 108.9 108.1 Deferred income tax assets 136.6 122.6 Total non-current assets 3 513.4 3 523.0 Trade and other receivables 1 584.5 1 553.2 Contract assets 325.9 310.3 Current income tax assets 33.5 42.2 Derivative financial instruments 4.1 6.3 Other current financial assets 9.1 22.1 Cash and cash equivalents 1 173.9 1 662.1 Total current assets 3 131.0 3 596.2 TOTAL ASSETS 6 644.4 7 119.2 Share capital 54.5 54.3 Retained earnings and other reserves 1 881.6 1 807.8 Equity attributable to owners of the Company 1 936.1 1 862.1 Non-controlling interests 57.7 65.9 Total equity 1 993.8 1 928.0 Non-current borrowings and financial debt 2 079.7 2 102.0 Non-current lease liabilities 319.7 308.4 Other non-current financial liabilities 73.7 99.1 Deferred income tax liabilities 85.0 88.1 Pension plans and other long-term employee benefits 147.2 141.7 Provisions for other liabilities and charges 72.2 72.9 Total non-current liabilities 2 777.5 2 812.2 Trade and other payables 1 273.4 1 267.4 Contract liabilities 257.2 255.0 Current income tax liabilities 98.5 103.7 Current borrowings and financial debt 31.2 535.4 Current lease liabilities 107.5 99.4 Derivative financial instruments 3.3 6.3 Other current financial liabilities 102.0 111.8 Total current liabilities 1 873.1 2 379.0 TOTAL EQUITY AND LIABILITIES 6 644.4 7 119.2CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF CASH FLOWS IN EUR MILLIONS 2023 2022 Profit before income tax 756.6 718.0 Elimination of cash flows from financing and investing activities 30.8 50.5 Provisions and other non-cash items 35.7 11.8 Depreciation  amortization and impairment 291.5 297.1 Movements in working capital requirement attributable to operations (53.6) (12.5) Income tax paid (241.3) (230.0) Net cash generated from operating activities 819.7 834.9 Acquisitions of subsidiaries  net of cash acquired (58.9) (76.6) Impact of sales of subsidiaries and businesses  net of cash disposed 17.5 (1.2) Purchases of property  plant and equipment and intangible assets (157.6) (130.1) Proceeds from sales of property  plant and equipment and intangible assets 14.1 4.7 Purchases of non-current financial assets (11.7) (11.5) Proceeds from sales of non-current financial assets 5.8 15.0 Change in loans and advances granted 2.8 (0.3) Dividends received from equity-accounted companies - 0.1 Net cash used in investing activities (188.0) (199.9) Capital increase 5.7 8.6 Purchases/sales of treasury shares (1.9) (49.8) Dividends paid (396.3) (280.9) Increase in borrowings and other financial debt 0.9 201.8 Repayment of borrowings and other financial debt (500.4) (82.9) Repayment of debts and transactions with shareholders (29.6) (17.3) Repayment of lease liabilities and interest (141.9) (139.0) Interest paid (17.1) (52.5) Net cash used in financing activities (1 080.6) (412.0) Impact of currency translation differences (36.7) 22.3 Net increase (decrease) in cash and cash equivalents (485.6) 245.3 Net cash and cash equivalents at beginning of the period 1 655.7 1 410.4 Net cash and cash equivalents at end of the period 1 170.1 1 655.7 o/w cash and cash equivalents 1 173.9 1 662.1 o/w bank overdrafts (3.8) (6.4)APPENDIX 5: DETAILED NET FINANCIAL EXPENSENET FINANCIAL EXPENSE IN EUR MILLIONS 2023 2022 Finance costs  net (46.0) (72.4) Foreign exchange gains/(losses) 6.9 4.6 Interest cost on pension plans (5.1) 0.3 Implicit return on funded pension plan assets 1.4 0.4 Other (25.7) (14.3) Net financial expense (68.5) (81.4)APPENDIX 6: ALTERNATIVE PERFORMANCE INDICATORSADJUSTED OPERATING PROFIT IN EUR MILLIONS 2023 2022 Operating profit 824.4 799.3 Amortization of intangible assets resulting from acquisitions 57.1 65.7 Impairment and retirement of non-current assets 22.1 10.2 Restructuring costs 30.3 31.2 Gains (losses) on disposals of businesses and other income and expenses related to acquisitions (3.7) (4.3) Total adjustment items 105.8 102.8 Adjusted operating profit 930.2 902.1CHANGE IN ADJUSTED OPERATING PROFIT IN EUR MILLIONS 2022 adjusted operating profit 902.1 Organic change 88.8 Organic adjusted operating profit 990.9 Scope 6.3 Adjusted operating profit at constant currency 997.2 Currency (67.0) 2023 adjusted operating profit 930.2ADJUSTED EFFECTIVE TAX RATE IN EUR MILLIONS 2023 2022 Profit before income tax 756.6 718.0 Income tax expense (240.7) (233.4) ETR(a) 31.8% 32.5% Adjusted ETR 31.1% 31.6% (a) Effective tax rate (ETR) = Income tax expense / Profit before income taxATTRIBUTABLE NET PROFIT IN EUR MILLIONS 2023 2022 Attributable net profit 503.7 466.7 EPS(a) (€ per share) 1.11 1.03 Adjustment items 105.8 102.8 Tax impact on adjustment items (27.7) (26.2) Non-controlling interest on adjustment items (7.1) (9.4) Adjusted attributable net profit 574.7 533.9 Adjusted EPS(a) (€ per share) 1.27 1.18 (a) Calculated using the weighted average number of shares: 453 009 724 in 2023 and 452 140 348 in 2022CHANGE IN ADJUSTED ATTRIBUTABLE NET PROFIT IN EUR MILLIONS 2022 adjusted attributable net profit 533 9 Organic change and scope 94 0 Adjusted attributable net profit at constant currency 627.9 Currency (53.2) 2023 adjusted attributable net profit 574.7FREE CASH FLOW IN EUR MILLIONS 2023 2022 Net cash generated from operating activities(operating cash flow) 819.7 834.9 Net purchases of property  plant and equipment and intangible assets (143.5) (125.4) Interest paid (17.1) (52.5) Free cash flow 659.1 657.0CHANGE IN NET CASH GENERATED FROM OPERATING ACTIVITIES IN EUR MILLIONS Net cash generated from operating activities at December 31  2022 834.9 Organic change 26.5 Organic net cash generated from operating activities 861.4 Scope 4.3 Net cash generated from operating activities at constant currency 865.7 Currency (46.0) Net cash generated from operating activities at December 31  2023 819.7ADJUSTED NET FINANCIAL DEBT IN EUR MILLIONS DEC. 31  2023 DEC. 31  2022 Gross financial debt 2 110.9 2 637.4 Cash and cash equivalents 1 173.9 1 662.1 Consolidated net financial debt 937.0 975.3 Currency hedging instruments (0.8) - Adjusted net financial debt 936.2 975.3APPENDIX 7: DEFINITION OF ALTERNATIVE PERFORMANCE INDICATORS AND RECONCILIATION WITH IFRSThe management process used by Bureau Veritas is based on a series of alternative performance indicators  as presented below. These indicators were defined for the purposes of preparing the Group’s budgets and internal and external reporting. Bureau Veritas considers that these indicators provide additional useful information to financial statement users  enabling them to better understand the Group’s performance  especially its operating performance. Some of these indicators represent benchmarks in the testing  inspection and certification (“TIC”) business and are commonly used and tracked by the financial community. These alternative performance indicators should be seen as a complement to IFRS-compliant indicators and the resulting changes.GROWTHTotal revenue growthThe total revenue growth percentage measures changes in consolidated revenue between the previous year and the current year. Total revenue growth has three components:organic growth;impact of changes in the scope of consolidation (scope effect);impact of changes in exchange rates (currency effect).Organic growthThe Group internally monitors and publishes “organic” revenue growth  which it considers to be more representative of the Group’s operating performance in each of its business sectors.The main measure used to manage and track consolidated revenue growth is like-for-like  or organic growth. Determining organic growth enables the Group to monitor trends in its business excluding the impact of currency fluctuations  which are outside of Bureau Veritas’ control  as well as scope effects  which concern new businesses or businesses that no longer form part of the business portfolio. Organic growth is used to monitor the Group’s performance internally.Bureau Veritas considers that organic growth provides management and investors with a more comprehensive understanding of its underlying operating performance and current business trends  excluding the impact of acquisitions  divestments (outright divestments as well as the unplanned suspension of operations – in the event of international sanctions  for example) and changes in exchange rates for businesses exposed to foreign exchange volatility  which can mask underlying trends.The Group also considers that separately presenting organic revenue generated by its businesses provides management and investors with useful information on trends in its industrial businesses  and enables a more direct comparison with other companies in its industry.Organic revenue growth represents the percentage of revenue growth  presented at Group level and for each business  based on constant scope of consolidation and exchange rates over comparable periods:constant scope of consolidation: data are restated for the impact of changes in the scope of consolidation over a 12-month period;constant exchange rates: data for the current year are restated using exchange rates for the previous year.Scope effectTo establish a meaningful comparison between reporting periods  the impact of changes in the scope of consolidation is determined:for acquisitions carried out in the current year: by deducting from revenue for the current year revenue generated by the acquired businesses in the current year;for acquisitions carried out in the previous year: by deducting from revenue for the current year revenue generated by the acquired businesses in the months in the previous year in which they were not consolidated;for disposals and divestments carried out in the current year: by deducting from revenue for the previous year revenue generated by the disposed and divested businesses in the previous year in the months of the current year in which they were not part of the Group;for disposals and divestments carried out in the previous year: by deducting from revenue for the previous year revenue generated by the disposed and divested businesses in the previous year prior to their disposal/divestment.Currency effectThe currency effect is calculated by translating revenue for the current year at the exchange rates for the previous year.ADJUSTED OPERATING PROFIT AND ADJUSTED OPERATING MARGINAdjusted operating profit and adjusted operating margin are key indicators used to measure the performance of the business  excluding material items that cannot be considered inherent to the Group’s underlying intrinsic performance owing to their nature. Bureau Veritas considers that these indicators  presented at Group level and for each business  are more representative of the operating performance in its industry.Adjusted operating profitAdjusted operating profit represents operating profit prior to adjustments for the following:amortization of intangible assets resulting from acquisitions;impairment of goodwill;impairment and retirement of non-current assets;gains and losses on disposals of businesses and other income and expenses relating to acquisitions (fees and costs on acquisitions of businesses  contingent consideration on acquisitions of businesses);restructuring costs.When an acquisition is carried out during the financial year  the amortization of the related intangible assets is calculated on a time proportion basis.Since a measurement period of 12 months is allowed for determining the fair value of acquired assets and liabilities  amortization of intangible assets in the year of acquisition may  in some cases  be based on a temporary measurement and be subject to minor adjustments in the subsequent reporting period  once the definitive value of the intangible assets is known.Organic adjusted operating profit represents operating profit adjusted for scope and currency effects over comparable periods:at constant scope of consolidation: data are restated based on a 12-month period;at constant exchange rates: data for the current year are restated using exchange rates for the previous year.The scope and currency effects are calculated using a similar approach to that used for revenue for each component of operating profit and adjusted operating profit.Adjusted operating marginAdjusted operating margin expressed as a percentage represents adjusted operating profit divided by revenue. Adjusted operating margin can be presented on an organic basis or at constant exchange rates  thereby  in the latter case  providing a view of the Group’s performance excluding the impact of currency fluctuations  which are outside of Bureau Veritas’ control.ADJUSTED EFFECTIVE TAX RATEThe effective tax rate (ETR) represents income tax expense divided by the amount of pre-tax profit.The adjusted effective tax rate (adjusted ETR) represents income tax expense adjusted for the tax effect on adjustment items divided by pre-tax profit before taking into account the adjustment items (see adjusted operating profit definition).ADJUSTED NET PROFITAdjusted attributable net profitAdjusted attributable net profit is defined as attributable net profit adjusted for adjustment items (see adjusted operating profit definition) and for the tax effect on adjustment items. Adjusted attributable net profit excludes non-controlling interests in adjustment items and only concerns continuing operations.Adjusted attributable net profit can be presented at constant exchange rates  thereby providing a view of the Group’s performance excluding the impact of currency fluctuations  which are outside of Bureau Veritas’ control. The currency effect is calculated by translating the various income statement items for the current year at the exchange rates for the previous year.Adjusted attributable net profit per shareAdjusted attributable net profit per share (adjusted EPS or earnings per share) is defined as adjusted attributable net profit divided by the weighted average number of shares in the period.FREE CASH FLOWFree cash flow represents net cash generated from operating activities (operating cash flow)  adjusted for the following items:purchases of property  plant and equipment and intangible assets;proceeds from disposals of property  plant and equipment and intangible assets;interest paid.Net cash generated from operating activities is shown after income tax paid.Organic free cash flow represents free cash flow at constant scope and exchange rates over comparable periods:at constant scope of consolidation: data are restated based on a 12-month period;at constant exchange rates: data for the current year are restated using exchange rates for the previous year.The scope and currency effects are calculated using a similar approach to that used for revenue for each component of net cash generated from operating activities and free cash flow.FINANCIAL DEBTGross debtGross debt (or gross finance costs/financial debt) represents bank loans and borrowings plus bank overdrafts.Net debtNet debt (or net finance costs/financial debt) as defined and used by the Group represents gross debt less cash and cash equivalents. Cash and cash equivalents comprise marketable securities and similar receivables as well as cash at bank and on hand.Adjusted net debtAdjusted net debt (or adjusted net finance costs/financial debt) as defined and used by the Group represents net debt taking into account currency and interest rate hedging instruments.CONSOLIDATED EBITDAConsolidated EBITDA represents net profit before interest  tax  depreciation  amortization and provisions  adjusted for any entities acquired over the last 12 months. Consolidated EBITDA is used by the Group to track its bank covenants.1 Alternative performance indicators are presented  defined and reconciled with IFRS in appendices 6 and 8 of this press release.2 Ratio of adjusted net financial debt divided by consolidated EBITDA (earnings before interest  tax  depreciation  amortization and provisions)  adjusted for any entities acquired over the last 12 months.3 Proposed dividend  subject to Shareholders’ Meeting approval on June 20  2024.4 At constant currency5 TAR: Total Accident Rate (number of accidents with and without lost time x 200 000/number of hours worked).6 Proportion of women from the Executive Committee to Band II (internal grade corresponding to a management or executive management position) in the Group (number of women on a full-time equivalent basis in a leadership position/total number of full-time equivalents in leadership positions).7 Greenhouse gas emissions from offices and laboratories  tons of CO 2 equivalent net emissions per employee and per year corresponding to scopes 1  2 and 3 (emissions related to business travel).8 (Net cash generated from operating activities – lease payments + income tax)/ adjusted operating profit.9 The Technology segment comprises Electrical & Electronics  Wireless testing activities and Automotive connectivity testing activities.Attachment,positive,0.65,0.34,0.01,positive,0.77,0.22,0.01,True,English,"['BUREAU VERITAS', 'Excellent 2023 performance', 'strong growth', 'record earnings', 'February', '01', '31', 'high single-digit organic revenue growth', 'several non-financial rating agencies', '2023 S&P Global rating', 'working capital management Adjusted', 'mid-term GHG emissions targets', 'Science Based Targets initiative', 'main consolidated financial items', 'leading global business lines', 'robust cash flow generation', 'double-digit organic revenue growth', 'strong execution track record', 'H2 organic revenue growth', 'strong underlying market growth', 'high single digit', 'many underlying markets', 'robust business fundamentals', 'Capital Markets Day', 'durable growth dynamic', 'positive 0.6% scope effect', 'Free cash flow', 'disciplined capex policy', 'positive secular trends', 'sustainable development models', 'buildings integrity needs', 'growing infrastructure investment', 'low-carbon energy development', 'high customer demand', 'constant exchange rates', 'Strong cash flow', 'negative 5.3% currency fluctuations', 'net debt/EBITDA ratio', 'Chief Executive Officer', 'future growth ambitions', 'energy transition solutions', 'CONSTANT CURRENCY Revenue', 'Consumer Products Services', 'growing sales pipeline', 'strong cash conversion', 'new economy services', 'Attributable net profit', 'healthy organic margin', 'organic growth', '2023 financial targets', 'strong growth', 'leading player', 'consistent execution', 'business areas', 'Group revenue', 'annualized revenue', 'record earnings', 'financial statements', 'Strong momentum', 'strong results', 'Executive Committee', 'Electronics products', '2025 CSR ambitions', 'customer centricity', 'future outperformance', 'powerful demand', 'new CEO', 'current pipeline', 'new strategy', 'strong year', 'operating margin', 'margin expansion4', 'operating profit', 'PRESS RELEASE', '2023 Key Figures1', 'fourth quarter', 'good momentum', 'Middle East', 'two bolt', 'Good progress', 'first ranking', 'Bureau Veritas', 'The Group', 'stronger comparables', 'Hinda Gharbi', 'hard work', 'continued support', 'higher levels', 'key contributors', 'great foundation', 'March 20th', 'Excellent 2023 performance', 'outstanding performance', 'current performance', 'full year', 'last year', 'dividend increase', 'entire portfolio', 'Seine', 'France', 'February', 'EUR', 'basis', 'EPS', 'share', 'December', '2023 Highlights', 'Appointment', 'strengthening', 'metrics', 'region', 'Americas', 'Africa', 'Asia-Pacific', 'Sustainability', 'Acquisition', 'companies', 'Mexico', 'Electrical', 'achievement', 'commitment', 'DJSI', 'SBTi', '2024 Outlook', 'Improvement', 'H1', 'globe', 'colleagues', 'world', 'dedication', 'financials', 'Board', 'exposure', 'spending', 'opportunities', 'testament', 'vision', 'Directors', 'MILLIONS', '16.']",2024-02-22,2024-02-23,marketscreener.com
36572,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2024/02/22/2833302/0/en/BUREAU-VERITAS-Excellent-2023-performance-strong-growth-and-record-earnings-Confident-of-strong-growth-in-2024.html,BUREAU VERITAS - Excellent 2023 performance: strong growth and record earnings; Confident of strong growth in 2024,PRESS RELEASE  Neuilly-sur-Seine  France – February 22  2024  Excellent 2023 performance: strong growth and record earnings; Confident of strong growth...,PRESS RELEASENeuilly-sur-Seine  France – February 22  2024Excellent 2023 performance: strong growth and record earnings;Confident of strong growth in 20242023 Key Figures1Revenue of EUR 5 867.8 million for the full year 2023  up 8.5% organically and up 3.8% on a reported basis (including a positive 0.6% scope effect and a negative 5.3% currency fluctuations)In the fourth quarter  organic revenue growth achieved 9.4%Adjusted operating profit of EUR 930.2 million  up 3.1% versus EUR 902.1 million in 2022  representing an adjusted operating margin of 15.9%  down c.10 basis points on a reported basis  and up 20 basis points organically at 16.2% (of which +c.50bps in H2 2023)Operating profit of EUR 824.4 million  up 3.1% versus EUR 799.3 million in 2022Attributable net profit of EUR 503.7 million  up 7.9% versus EUR 466.7 million in 2022Adjusted net profit of EUR 574.7 million (adjusted EPS of EUR 1.27 per share)  up 7.6% versus EUR 533.9 million in 2022 and up 17.6% at constant currencyFree cash flow of EUR 659.1 million (11% of Group revenue)  up 0.3% year-on-year and 5.5% at constant currency  led by disciplined capex policy and working capital managementAdjusted net debt/EBITDA ratio 2 reduced to 0.92x as of December 31  2023  versus 0.97x last yearreduced to 0.92x as of December 31  2023  versus 0.97x last year Proposed dividend of EUR 0.83 per share3  up 7.8% year-on-year  payable in cash2023 HighlightsAppointment of a new CEO and strengthening of the Executive Committee to support future growth ambitions2023 financial targets exceeded on all metricsOver 80% of the portfolio delivered at least mid-to-high single digit or double-digit organic revenue growth driven by good momentum in the sales pipelineStrong growth in every region (Americas  Middle East  Europe  Africa and Asia-Pacific)  substantially outperforming many underlying marketsStrong momentum maintained for Sustainability and energy transition solutions across the entire portfolioAcquisition of two bolt-on companies further diversifying Consumer Products Services adding annualized revenue of c. EUR 28 million. This includes ANCE  the leading player in Mexico for Electrical and Electronics products (c. EUR 21 million of revenue)  announced todayGood progress towards the achievement of the 2025 CSR ambitions; commitment recognized by several non-financial rating agencies  including a first ranking in the 2023 S&P Global rating (DJSI); mid-term GHG emissions targets approved by the Science Based Targets initiative (SBTi)2024 OutlookLeveraging a healthy and growing sales pipeline  high customer demand for ‘new economy services’ and strong underlying market growth  Bureau Veritas expects to deliver for the full year 2024:Mid-to-high single-digit organic revenue growth;Improvement in adjusted operating margin at constant exchange rates;Strong cash flow  with a cash conversion above 90%.The Group expects H2 organic revenue growth above H1 (with stronger comparables in H1).Hinda Gharbi  Chief Executive Officer  commented:“We delivered very strong results in 2023  reflecting our robust business fundamentals  our consistent execution and our customer centricity around the globe. We achieved organic growth of 8.5%  a healthy organic margin of 16.2%  and record earnings per share of EUR 1.27  up over 17% at constant exchange rates.I would like to warmly thank all our colleagues around the world for their dedication and hard work to deliver this outstanding performance.I also want to thank our shareholders for their continued support. As a result of our robust cash flow generation and financials  the Board is recommending a dividend increase of 8% compared to last year.I am convinced that we can take Bureau Veritas to higher levels of performance and achievement. Our portfolio of leading global business lines  strong execution track record and exposure to positive secular trends are key contributors to our current performance and a great foundation for future outperformance.Specifically  we expect powerful demand for services supporting transition to sustainable development models  evolving buildings integrity needs  growing infrastructure investment and increased spending in low-carbon energy development. Our current pipeline of opportunities in these business areas is a testament to this durable growth dynamic. I look forward to updating the market with our vision and new strategy at our Capital Markets Day on March 20th.For 2024  we expect Bureau Veritas to deliver another strong year of organic revenue growth  margin expansion4 and strong cash conversion.”2023 KEY FIGURESThe Board of Directors of Bureau Veritas met on February 21  2024  and approved the financial statements for full year 2023. The main consolidated financial items are:IN EUR MILLIONS 2023 2022 CHANGE CONSTANT CURRENCY Revenue 5 867.8 5 650.6 +3.8% +9.1% Adjusted operating profit(a) 930.2 902.1 +3.1% +10.5% Adjusted operating margin(a) 15.9% 16.0% (11)bps +21bps Operating profit 824.4 799.3 +3.1% +10.8% Adjusted net profit(a) 574.7 533.9 +7.6% +17.6% Attributable net profit 503.7 466.7 +7.9% +18.1% Adjusted EPS(a) 1.27 1.18 +7.4% +17.4% EPS 1.11 1.03 +7.7% +17.9% Operating cash flow 819.7 834.9 (1.8)% +3.7% Free cash flow(a) 659.1 657.0 +0.3% +5.5% Adjusted net financial debt(a) 936.2 975.3 (4.0)% Adjusted net debt/EBITDA ratio(b) 0.92x 0.97x +5.2% (a) Alternative performance indicators are presented  defined and reconciled with IFRS in appendices 6 and 7 of this press release. (b) Ratio of adjusted net financial debt divided by consolidated EBITDA (earnings before interest  tax  depreciation  amortization and provisions)  adjusted for any entities acquired over the last 12 months.2023 FINANCIAL HIGHLIGHTSStrong organic revenue growth in the full yearGroup revenue increased by 8.5% organically in 2023  benefiting from very solid trends across most businesses and geographies. In the fourth quarter  organic growth stood at a strong 9.4%.This is reflected as follows by business:Half of the portfolio (Buildings & Infrastructure and Agri-Food & Commodities) achieved mid-single- digit revenue growth. Buildings & Infrastructure (up 6.3% organically) was driven by both in-service and new build activity. Agri-Food & Commodities (up 5.7% organically) was supported by strong growth in both Agri-Food and Government services;More than a third of the portfolio (Industry  Certification and Marine & Offshore) delivered double digit organic revenue growth  benefiting from strong decarbonization trends (Marine & Offshore)  energy transition (led by Renewables) and the rising demand for Sustainability and ESG-driven services (for Certification notably);An eighth of the portfolio (Consumer Products Services) was broadly stable organically  down 0.5% (including a 3.8% organic revenue recovery in the fourth quarter)  attributed to fewer new product launches  and high inventory specifically in consumer electronics.Solid financial positionAt the end of December 2023  the Group's adjusted net financial debt decreased compared with the level at December 31  2022. Bureau Veritas has a solid financial structure with most of its maturities to be refinanced after 2024. The Group had EUR 1.2 billion in available cash and cash equivalents and EUR 600 million in undrawn committed credit lines.At December 31  2023  the adjusted net financial debt/EBITDA ratio was further reduced to 0.92x (from 0.97x at December 31  2022) and the EBITDA/consolidated net financial expense ratio was 44.33x. The average maturity of the Group’s financial debt was 3.7 years  while the average gross cost of debt during the year was 2.7% excluding the impact of IFRS 16 (compared to 2.1% in 2022  excluding the impact of IFRS 16). On September 7  2023  the Group redeemed at maturity a €500 million bond program issued in 2016.Proposed dividendThe Board of Directors of Bureau Veritas is proposing a dividend of EUR 0.83 per share for 2023  up 7.8% compared to the prior year. This corresponds to a payout ratio of 65% of its adjusted net profit.This is subject to the approval of the Shareholders’ Meeting to be held on June 20  2024  at 3:00pm at the Bureau Veritas Headquarters  Immeuble Newtime  40-52 Boulevard du Parc  92200  Neuilly-sur-Seine  France. The dividend will be paid in cash on July 4  2024 (shareholders on the register on July 3  2024  will be entitled to the dividend and the share will go ex-dividend on July 2  2024).ACTIVE PORTFOLIO MANAGEMENT IN 2023During 2023  Bureau Veritas has redefined its M&A strategy  rebuilt its acquisition pipeline and added dedicated resources to resume acquisitions and support its growth in the near future.Resuming selective bolt-on M&AIn the second half of the year  the Group completed two transactions in strategic areas to further diversify its Consumer Products Services business line representing c. EUR 28 million in annualized revenue.ANNUALIZED REVENUE COUNTRY/AREA DATE FIELD OF EXPERTISE Consumer Products Services Impactiva Group S.A. c. EUR 7m Asia Nov. 2023 Quality assurance for the footwear industry ANCE S.A de C.V (Associacón de Normalización y Certificación)c. EUR 21m Mexico Dec. 2023 Testing and certification services for electrical and electronic productsBureau Veritas also announced a strategic collaboration and investment in OrbitMI (more information by clicking here). Aimed at accelerating the development of both existing and new data-driven solutions  the collaboration will leverage combined strengths to address the dual opportunities of the digital transformation and the decarbonization of shipping.Consumer Products ServicesImpactiva Group S.A.Since its establishment in 2003  Impactiva has become a strategic partner for its broad portfolio of top-tier footwear  apparel and leather goods retailers and brand owners. The company provides support and guidance to hundreds of factories and tanneries across Asia  Europe and Africa  ensuring the highest levels of quality in production. Known for its innovative solutions  Impactiva optimizes the use of raw materials  minimizes waste  and eliminates finished product defects through process improvements at its clients’ third-party factories. This acquisition marks a milestone for Bureau Veritas' Consumer Products Services division  as it strengthens its presence in upstream services to the footwear and apparel manufacturing industry  augmenting its capacity to deliver supply chain services in line with economic  quality  and sustainability objectives. The acquisition of Impactiva by Bureau Veritas signifies a key move in the realm of quality assurance for the footwear and apparel industry.ANCE S.A de C.V. (Asociación de Normalización y Certificación)ANCE is the Mexican leader for conformity assessment covering many segments including electrical products  household appliances  lighting products  electronic products  wireless products. ANCE is a strategic partner to a wide portfolio of domestic clients including manufacturers  retailers  importers  and brands in Mexico  but also worldwide. The company employs around 400 people across its various laboratories in the country. This acquisition significantly enhances Bureau Veritas’ Consumer Products Services presence in the Americas  entering a large and growing domestic market with increasing regulatory requirements for quality. It positions Bureau Veritas Consumer Products Services as the market leader in Mexico. It could also serve as a springboard for expansion into North America.DivestmentsIn July 2023  the Group sold its non-core automotive inspection business in the US  representing less than EUR 20 million of annualized revenue.STRENGTHENING OF THE EXECUTIVE COMMITTEE TO SUPPORT FUTURE GROWTH AMBITIONSHinda Gharbi appointed Chief Executive Officer of Bureau VeritasOn June 22  2023  following the Annual Shareholders’ Meeting  the Board of Directors appointed Hinda Gharbi as Chief Executive Officer. She joined Bureau Veritas on May 1  2022  as Chief Operating Officer and became a member of the Group Executive Committee. On January 1  2023  she was appointed Deputy Chief Executive Officer of Bureau Veritas.For more information  the press release is available by clicking hereKey operational appointmentsIn 2023  Bureau Veritas also announced the reshaping and strengthening of its Executive Committee. Designed to align the organization with its strategic imperatives  this evolution ideally positions Bureau Veritas to seize key future growth opportunities. First  the Group aims to leverage the full potential of regional market opportunities  and to facilitate scaling of solutions and improved resource utilization. Second  it embeds Sustainability at the very heart of Bureau Veritas and accelerates the development and execution of its strategy. Third  these changes will further drive innovation through broad digital enablement to capture increased efficiency and productivity  and to develop new solutions and provide differentiated customer experience.Marc Roussel appointed Executive Vice-President Commodities  Industry and Facilities division in France and AfricaFor more information  the press release is available by clicking here.Vincent Bourdil appointed Executive Vice-President Global Business Lines and PerformancesFor more information  the press release is available by clicking here.Juliano Cardoso appointed Executive Vice-President Corporate Development & SustainabilityFor more information  the press release is available by clicking here .Surachet Tanwongsval appointed Executive Vice-President Commodities  Industry and Facilities division in Asia-PacificFor more information  the press release is available by clicking here .Philipp Karmires appointed Executive Vice-President  Group Chief Digital OfficerFor more information  the press release is available by clicking here .COMMITMENT TOWARDS NON-FINANCIAL PERFORMANCETo support the execution of the Group’s CSR strategy  the Board of Bureau Veritas has created a CSR Committee to oversee Sustainability issues. The Committee reviews CSR strategic directions and monitors CSR programs implementation and policy effectiveness  in line with Bureau Veritas' strategic plan.In addition  Bureau Veritas continued its efforts to be exemplary in terms of Sustainability  around all environmental  social and governance practices.Bureau Veritas’ GHG emissions targets approved by the SBTi and enrolled in the CAC 40 SBT 1.5° indexOn June 1  2023  Bureau Veritas announced that its near-term targets had been approved by the Science Based Targets initiative (SBTi).This approval is an important step  in line with Bureau Veritas’ Climate Transition Plan. It marks the Group’s strong commitment to following a CO2 emissions reduction pathway consistent with global warming of 1.5°C.As a consequence  Bureau Veritas joined the CAC 40 SBT 1.5° index on September 18  2023.Strong recognition by non-financial rating agenciesBureau Veritas ranks first among 184 companies in the S&P Global Corporate Sustainability Assessment (CSA) for the Professional Services Industry category - encompassing the TIC sector - with a score of 83/100 for 2023. This achievement illustrates the engagement of its 82 000 Trust Makers  at all levels of the company  who are having a positive impact on Society and the planet.The Group is also listed in the S&P Global Sustainability Yearbook 2024  in the Top 1% S&P Global CSA Score in the Professional Services industry.Finally  Bureau Veritas has been recognized by research and advisory firm Verdantix as a “specialist” for environmental  social and governance (ESG) services and sustainability consulting services. Bureau Veritas is listed in its latest report “Green Quadrant: ESG & Sustainability Consulting 2024”.Corporate Social Responsibility (CSR) key indicatorsUNSDGs FY2023 FY2022 2025TARGET SOCIAL & HUMAN CAPITAL Total Accident Rate (TAR)5 #3 0.25 0.26 0.26 Proportion of women in leadership positions6 #5 29.3% 29.1% 35% Number of training hours per employee (per year) #8 36.1 32.5 35.0 NATURAL CAPITAL CO 2 emissions per employee (tons per year)7 #13 2.42 2.32 2.00 GOVERNANCE Proportion of employees trained to the Code of Ethics #16 97.4% 97.1% 99%2024 OUTLOOKLeveraging a healthy and growing sales pipeline  high customer demand for ‘new economy services’ and strong underlying market growth  Bureau Veritas expects to deliver for the full year 2024:Mid-to-high single-digit organic revenue growth;Improvement in adjusted operating margin at constant exchange rates;Strong cash flow  with a cash conversion above 90%8.The Group expects H2 organic revenue growth above H1 (with stronger comparables in H1).2024 Capital Markets DayBureau Veritas will host a Capital Markets Day on March 20th  2024  in Paris. This will be an opportunity to reveal the Group's new strategy and ambitions. This event offers attendees to gain insights into Bureau Veritas’ business and to engage with the company’s leaders (contact the IR Team to register: cmd2024@bureauveritas.com).ANALYSIS OF THE GROUP'S RESULTS AND FINANCIAL POSITIONRevenue up 3.8% year on year (+9.1% at constant currency)Revenue in 2023 amounted to EUR 5 867.8 million  a 3.8% increase compared with 2022. The organic increase was 8.5%  benefiting from very solid trends across most businesses and most geographies.Three businesses delivered double-digit organic revenue growth  with Industry up 16.5%  Marine & Offshore 14.4% and Certification 12.4%. Two businesses delivered mid-single-digit organic revenue growth  with Buildings & Infrastructure (B&I) up 6.3% and Agri-Food & Commodities up 5.7%. Consumer Products Services saw a nearly stable organic revenue growth  down 0.5% (including a 3.8% recovery in Q4 2023).By geography  activities in the Americas strongly outperformed the rest of the Group (28% of revenue; up 10.3% organically)  led by a 24.0% increase in Latin America. Europe (35% of revenue; up 7.3% organically) was primarily led by strong activity levels in Southern Europe. Activity in Asia-Pacific (28% of revenue; up 5.2% organically) benefited from robust growth in Australia and South Asia. Finally  in Africa and the Middle East (9% of revenue)  business increased by 18.2% on an organic basis  essentially driven by energy investments in the Middle East.The scope effect was a positive 0.6% reflecting the bolt-on acquisitions realized in the previous year partly offset by a small disposal in the third quarter (explaining a negative impact of 0.4% in the last quarter).Currency fluctuations had a negative impact of 5.3% (including a negative impact of 6.4% in the fourth quarter)  mainly due to the strength of the Euro against the US dollar and pegged currencies and some emerging countries’ currencies.Adjusted operating profit up 3.1% to EUR 930.2 million (+10.5% at constant currency)Adjusted operating profit increased by 3.1% to EUR 930.2 million. The 2023 adjusted operating margin decreased by 11 basis points to 15.9%  including a 32 basis-point negative foreign exchange impact and a 1 basis point positive scope impact. Organically  the adjusted operating margin increased by 20 basis points to 16.2% (of which c.50 basis point was delivered in the second half of 2023). This illustrates good progress in operational excellence programs  and the disciplined execution of pricing programs.CHANGE IN ADJUSTED OPERATING MARGIN IN PERCENTAGE AND BASIS POINTS 2022 adjusted operating margin 16.0% Organic change +20bps Organic adjusted operating margin 16.2% Scope +1bp Adjusted operating margin at constant currency 16.2% Currency (32)bps 2023 adjusted operating margin 15.9%Four businesses experienced higher organic margins thanks to operational leverage in a context of strong revenue growth  contract selectivity and a positive mix effect: Industry (14.0%  margin up 250 basis points organically)  Marine & Offshore (23.8%  margin up 94 basis points)  Agri-Food & Commodities (14.9%  margin up 70 basis point) and Certification (18.9%  margin up 26 basis points). Two businesses saw a margin decline  namely Consumer Products Services and Buildings & Infrastructure  respectively impacted by lower consumer demand and mix effects.Other operating expenses increased to EUR 105.8 million versus EUR 102.8 million in 2022. These include:EUR 57.1 million in amortization of intangible assets resulting from acquisitions (EUR 65.7 million in 2022);EUR 22.1 million in write-offs of non-current assets related to laboratory consolidations (EUR 10.2 million in 2022);EUR 30.3 million in restructuring costs (EUR 31.2 million in 2022);EUR 3.7 million in net gains on disposals and acquisitions (net gains of EUR 4.3 million in 2022).Operating profit totaled EUR 824.4 million  up 3.1% from EUR 799.3 million in 2022.Adjusted EPS reached EUR 1.27  up 7.4% year on year (up 17.4% at constant currency)Net finance costs decreased to EUR 46.0 million (vs. EUR 72.4 million in 2022)  reflecting mainly the increases in the income from cash and cash equivalents and interest rate increases.The foreign exchange impact is a positive EUR 6.9 million (vs. a positive EUR 4.6 million in 2022) due to the depreciation of the US dollar against the Euro and the appreciation of the US dollar and the Euro against most emerging market currencies.Other items (including interest cost on pension plans and other financial expenses) stood ata negative EUR 29.4 million  from a negative EUR 13.6 million in 2022.As a result  net financial expenses decreased to EUR 68.5 million in full-year 2023 compared with EUR 81.4 million in 2022.Income tax expense totaled EUR 240.7 million in 2023  compared with EUR 233.4 million in 2022.This represents an effective tax rate (ETR - income tax expense divided by profit before tax) of 31.8% for the period  compared with 32.5% in 2022. The adjusted ETR is down 50 basis points at 31.1%  compared with 2022. The decrease is mainly due to the decrease in the contribution on added value of enterprises (CVAE - Cotisation sur la valeur ajoutée des entreprises) in France.Attributable net profit in 2023 was EUR 503.7 million  up +7.9% vs. EUR 466.7 million profit in 2022.Earnings per share (EPS) stood at EUR 1.11 vs. EUR 1.03 in 2022  up +7.7% year on year.Adjusted attributable net profit totaled EUR 574.7 million  up +7.6% vs. EUR 533.9 million in 2022.Adjusted EPS stood at EUR 1.27  a 7.4% increase vs. EUR 1.18 in 2022.Very robust free cash flow at EUR 659 million (up 5.5% at constant currency)Full year 2023 operating cash flow decreased by 1.8% to EUR 819.7 million vs. EUR 834.9 million in 2022. The increase in profit before income tax was largely offset by higher income taxes. Despite the strong revenue performance in the fourth quarter  the working capital outflow remained under control (at EUR 53.6 million  compared to a EUR 12.5 million outflow the previous year).The working capital requirement (WCR) stood at EUR 379.8 million on December 31  2023  compared to EUR 341.1 million on December 31  2022. As a percentage of revenue  WCR increased slightly by 50 basis points to 6.5%  compared to 6.0% in 2022  which was a record low. This showed the continued strong focus of the entire organization on cash metrics  in a context of rapid topline growth. Key initiatives were implemented under the “Move For Cash” program (optimizing the “invoice to cash” process  accelerating billing and cash collection processes throughout the Group reinforced by a central task force  and daily monitoring of cash inflows).Purchases of property  plant and equipment and intangible assets  net of disposals (Net Capex)  amounted to EUR 143.5 million in 2023  an increase compared to EUR 125.4 million in 2022. This showed disciplined control  with the Group’s net capex-to-revenue ratio of 2.4%  broadly stable compared to the level in 2022.Free cash flow (operating cash flow after tax  interest expenses and capex) wasEUR 659.1 million  compared to EUR 657.0 million in 2022  up 0.3% year on year  notably led by operating performance  offset by currency moves. At constant exchange rates  growth was 5.5%. On an organic basis  free cash flow increased by 4.9% year on year.CHANGE IN FREE CASH FLOW IN EUR MILLIONS Free cash flow at December 31  2022 657.0 Organic change 32.3 Organic free cash flow 689.3 Scope 4.1 Free cash flow at constant currency 693.4 Currency (34.3) Free cash flow at December 31  2023 659.1At December 31  2023  adjusted net financial debt was EUR 936.2 million  i.e. 0.92x EBITDA as defined in the calculation of the bank covenant  compared with 0.97x at December 31  2022. The decrease in adjusted net financial debt of EUR 39.1 million versus December 31  2022 (EUR 975.3 million) reflects:Free cash flow of EUR 659.1 million;Dividend payments totaling EUR 396.3 million;Acquisitions (net) and repayment of amounts owed to shareholders  accounting for EUR 71.0 million;Lease payments (related to the application of IFRS 16)  accounting for EUR 141.9 million;Other items that increased the Group's debt by EUR 10.8 million (including foreign exchange).2023 BUSINESS REVIEWMARINE & OFFSHOREIN EUR MILLIONS 2023 2022 CHANGE ORGANIC SCOPE CURRENCY Revenue 455.7 418.3 +8.9% +14.4% - (5.5)% Adjusted operating profit 108.6 100.7 +7.8% Adjusted operating margin 23.8% 24.1% (24)bps +94bps - (119)bpsThe Marine & Offshore business was among the best performing businesses within the Group’s portfolio in the full year 2023 with organic growth of 14.4% (including 13.4% in the fourth quarter) led by all geographies and activities:Double-digit organic revenue growth in New Construction (40% of divisional revenue)  reflecting the solid backlog and acceleration of new order conversion over the year  boosted by sector trends across the shipping industry (renewal of the world’s ageing fleet and decarbonization regulations). Activity from shipyards in China and South Korea was particularly strong in Q4.(40% of divisional revenue)  reflecting the solid backlog and acceleration of new order conversion over the year  boosted by sector trends across the shipping industry (renewal of the world’s ageing fleet and decarbonization regulations). Activity from shipyards in China and South Korea was particularly strong in Q4. Double-digit organic revenue growth in the Core In-service activity (45% of divisional revenue)  still led by a sustained high level of occasional surveys  especially on old ships  combined with price increases and the growth of the classed fleet. On December 31  2023  the fleet classified by Bureau Veritas comprised 11 705 ships (up 0.8% on a yearly basis)  representing 148.7 million of Gross Register Tonnage (GRT).activity (45% of divisional revenue)  still led by a sustained high level of occasional surveys  especially on old ships  combined with price increases and the growth of the classed fleet. On December 31  2023  the fleet classified by Bureau Veritas comprised 11 705 ships (up 0.8% on a yearly basis)  representing 148.7 million of Gross Register Tonnage (GRT). Double-digit organic revenue growth for Services (15% of divisional revenue  including Offshore) was driven by the good commercial development of non-classification services  including consulting services related to energy efficiency.Bureau Veritas new orders reached 9.3 million gross tons at December 31  2023  bringing the order book to 22.4 million gross tons at the end of the year  up 11.4% compared to 20.1 million gross tons at end 2022. It is composed of a variety of LNG-fueled ships  container ships and specialized vessels.Marine & Offshore continued to focus on efficiency levers through digitalization and high added-value services. In September 2023  the Group announced a strategic partnership with OrbitMI  a New York-based maritime software company  formalized through Bureau Veritas investment in OrbitMI. Aimed at accelerating the development of both existing and new data-driven solutions to optimize ships journey the collaboration will leverage combined strengths to address the dual opportunities of the digital transformation  and the decarbonization of shipping (access more information by clicking here).Adjusted operating margin for the full year declined by 24 basis points to a still healthy 23.8% on a reported basis compared to FY 2022  negatively impacted by foreign exchange effects (119 basis points). Organically  the margin rose by 94 basis points  benefiting from a positive mix and operational excellence.Sustainability achievementsIn 2023  Bureau Veritas continued to address the challenges of Sustainability and energy transition by providing rules and guidelines for the safety  risk and performance requirements for innovation in fuels and propulsion systems. The Group helped its clients comply with environmental regulations  implement sustainable solutions on board  and measure progress in decarbonization.Among the services and solutions delivered  in the last quarter of 2023  Bureau Veritas was selected to class the world’s largest ammonia carriers for Naftomar Shipping to be built by Hanwha Ocean in China. It will support the adoption of carbon-neutral fuels by the shipping industry  and the development of supply chains for green hydrogen.The Group also issued its Approval in Principle (AiP) to Greek company Erma First for its Blue Connect system. This system has been designed for a specific maximum load capacity according to individual vessel specifications and to meet specific port requirements. Connection to shore power will be a requirement for containerships and cruise ships in European ports from 2030 and may be requested by other customers looking to eliminate or reduce emissions while in port.AGRI-FOOD & COMMODITIESIN EUR MILLIONS 2023 2022 CHANGE ORGANIC SCOPE CURRENCY Revenue 1 233.6 1 224.8 +0.7% +5.7% - (5.0)% Adjusted operating profit 184.0 176.0 +4.6% Adjusted operating margin 14.9% 14.4% +55bps +70bps - (15)bpsThe Agri-Food & Commodities business delivered organic revenue growth of 5.7% over the year 2023  with progress across all activities. The fourth quarter recorded organic growth of 7.5%.Oil & Petrochemicals (O&P  31% of divisional revenue) recorded mid-single digit organic revenue growth overall in 2023  with a robust performance in the fourth quarter. Europe was driven by market share gains  while the Middle East benefited from stronger activity at the end of the year on the back of beneficial shifts in routes. O&P Trade was impacted in North America and Asia by tough competition. Non-trade related services and value-added segments continued to expand across O&P. The Group maintained strong traction around its new initiatives such as biofuels and OCM (Oil Condition Monitoring) especially in the USA and in Benelux.Metals & Minerals (M&M  32% of divisional revenue) achieved low single-digit organic growth over the full year including mid-single-digit growth in Q4. Upstream activity (nearly two-thirds of M&M) benefits from solid underlying trends  with good momentum in gold and green metals (copper  nickel  etc). The on-site laboratories’ strategy remains a strong growth driver with important wins in the Asia-Pacific region during the last quarter. In mining-related testing  the Group started to benefit from its recent investment and diversification in the Middle East. Trade activities recorded high-single digit organic revenue growth  led by sustained strong volumes in Asia.Agri-Food (22% of divisional revenue) activities achieved high-single-digit organic growth  including a stellar double-digit performance in the fourth quarter. This growth was mainly driven by Agricultural products  as the year was marked by exceptionally good harvests for different food commodities in South America (mainly Brazil  with a record production in soybean) and for corn overall.The good momentum on biodiesel in Latin America also supported growth. Within the Food business  which grew mid-single digit organically  testing activities in Australia improved as they gradually diversify their customer base. The North America and Middle East regions also strongly benefited from the ramp-up of new labs.Government services (15% of divisional revenue) recorded another strong year in 2023 with high single-digit organic revenue growth. The growth was broad-based and driven by the solid ramp-up of new VOC (Verification of Conformity) contracts in the Middle East  in Africa and the Caspian area.The adjusted operating margin for the Agri-Food & Commodities business rose to 14.9%  up 55 basis points compared to last year  and up 70 basis points on an organic basis. This was driven by operational leverage and a positive business mix.Sustainability achievementsIn the second half of 2023  the Group provided cargo inspection and sampling services on biofuel products made from multi-seed crush and vegetable oils on behalf of an American global food corporation in Belgium. The Group was also awarded a Sustainability data assurance contract for one of the world’s largest Food companies. In the last quarter  Bureau Veritas was selected to deliver carbon-related services for a large crop science company in Germany to improve its agricultural practices.INDUSTRYIN EUR MILLIONS 2023 2022 CHANGE ORGANIC SCOPE CURRENCY Revenue 1 249.5 1 181.0 +5.8% +16.5% (1.0)% (9.7)% Adjusted operating profit 174.8 139.1 +25.6% Adjusted operating margin 14.0% 11.8% +217bps +250bps +9bps (43)bpsIndustry was the best performing business within the Group’s portfolio in 2023  with very strong organic revenue growth of 16.5% in the year including 18.7% in the fourth quarter.All segments and most geographies contributed to the divisional growth  with Americas  Middle East and Africa outperforming. Energy transition commitments and policies remained a key growth catalyst overall and triggered low carbon energy investment and the creation of decarbonation solutions which benefited the division.By market  Power & Utilities (14% of divisional revenue) remained a growth driver for the portfolio with a double-digit organic performance. In Latin America  the Group continues to benefit from its leading grid Opex platform and contract wins with various Power Distribution clients  although growth was moderated by the Group’s focus on profitable contracts. In Europe  the nuclear power generation segment enhanced growth  primarily driven by new projects in the UK and the EDF power plants renovation programs in France.Renewable Power Generation activities (solar  wind  hydrogen) maintained strong momentum during the whole year  with a high double-digit organic performance delivered across most geographies. Strong growth was recorded in the US  fueled by Bureau Veritas’ Bradley Construction Management for solar  onshore wind and high-voltage transmission projects. In 2023  Bureau Veritas launched two certification schemes dedicated to renewable hydrogen and Ammonia  ensuring such products are produced with safe and sustainable practices  using renewable energy sources.In Oil & Gas (33% of divisional revenue)  double-digit organic revenue growth was maintained in 2023. Two-thirds of the business related to Opex services recorded an organic growth of 20.4% led by the conversion of a solid sales pipeline. Capex-related activities  including Procurement Services  grew double-digit organically  benefiting from the startup of new projects in the gas sector (LNG). Large contracts ramped up in Australia  Middle East  Africa and Latin America through 2023.The non-energy activities performed well in both Opex and Capex services. These activities benefited from a number of drivers including ageing assets  tightening regulations  and the adoption of more sustainable and decarbonized asset management practices in different industries. During the year  as part of its active portfolio management  the Group further reduced its exposure to the Automotive business through the disposal in July 2023 of its non-core automotive inspection business in the US  representing below EUR 20 million of annualized revenue (3.7% of divisional revenue).Adjusted operating margin for 2023 increased by 217 basis points to 14.0% (of which 250 basis points is organic). This is attributable to more contract selectivity  and some operational leverage through the ramp-up of contracts.Sustainability achievementsDuring 2023  Bureau Veritas continued to develop and execute many new services to support its industry customers as they transition and decarbonize from co-developed plug-and-play decarbonization solutions to quality control services for various offshore windfarm construction projects (during the fabrication  manufacture and installation phases). In the last quarter  the Group was selected for the engineering and Quality Assessment support on Woodside Energy’s H2OK hydrogen plant in the US. The Group was also involved in a Project management assistance (PMA) mission for the creation of a 125 miles green energy transmission line connecting California and Arizona.BUILDINGS & INFRASTRUCTUREIN EUR MILLIONS 2023 2022 CHANGE ORGANIC SCOPE CURRENCY Revenue 1 753.3 1 664.0 +5.4% +6.3% +1.4% (2.3)% Adjusted operating profit 229.3 228.7 +0.3% Adjusted operating margin 13.1% 13.7% (63)bps (70)bps +12bps (5)bpsThe Buildings & Infrastructure (B&I) business achieved an organic growth of 6.3% in 2023 against strong comparables in the previous year. This included a fourth quarter organic revenue growth recovery as expected to 4.4%.During the period  the building-in service activity outperformed the construction-related activities.The Americas region (27% of divisional revenue) delivered different performance by geography. In Latin America  strong growth was recorded  led by Brazil and Mexico  driven by wins of large Capex contracts in the transportation sectors. In North America  activity was slightly lower after strong results in 2022 and efforts to improve revenue mix through selectivity on some contracts. While the commercial real estate transactions business remained subdued due to high interest rates  the Group benefited from its very diversified portfolio (by service  asset and driver). Double digit growth was achieved in data center commissioning services thanks to continued geographical expansion and growth in cloud computing services. In addition  code compliance activities remained robust as the business benefits from exposure to the high population growth in Southern states (including Texas and Florida).Europe (50% of divisional revenue) delivered strong growth across the board with particularly high performances in Italy  the UK and the Netherlands. More stringent regulation continued to benefit both Opex and Capex activities around energy efficiency and building safety. Mid-single-digit growth (including a strong fourth quarter) was achieved in France (39% of divisional revenue) led by its Opex business (three quarters of the country’s revenue) thanks to continued price increases and productivity gains. The capex related activities grew slightly against a declining market  as they are more weighted towards infrastructure and public works (including the Olympic Games 2024) versus residential buildings. The French government stimulus plan ‘Plan de relance’ also contributed to the growth.The Asia-Pacific region (19% of divisional revenue) reached high-single digit organic growth in 2023. While outstanding performances were delivered in India  Southeastern Asia  Australia and Saudi Arabia  Chinese activity only slowly recovered from unfavorable comparables (following the reopening of the Chinese market the previous year). In China  the energy transition drive stimulated power-related construction activities while the spend for infrastructure projects in the transportation field remained low.The Middle East & Africa region (4% of divisional revenue) was the best-performing area  recording a strong double-digit organic revenue increase in 2023. In the Middle East  the performance was led by the roll-out of numerous development projects. In Saudi Arabia  the Group is still strongly engaged in delivering QA/QC Services for the NEOM smart city project.Adjusted operating margin for the full year declined by 63 basis points to 13.1% from 13.7% in the prior year mainly driven by a negative mix effect.Sustainability achievementsIn the fourth quarter of 2023  the Group was awarded several contracts in the field of energy audits and sustainability requirements. This ranges from Green Building audit campaigns according to internal Sustainable Construction standards for a leading retail real estate owner and energy audits for Michigan schools.CERTIFICATIONIN EUR MILLIONS 2023 2022 CHANGE ORGANIC SCOPE CURRENCY Revenue 465.0 428.3 +8.6% +12.4% - (3.8)% Adjusted operating profit 88.0 81.4 +8.0% Adjusted operating margin 18.9% 19.0% (7)bps +26bps - (33)bpsThe Certification business recorded strong organic growth of 12.4% in the full year 2023 (including 15.1% in the fourth quarter).This was supported by both volume and price increases. The acceleration of the Group’s portfolio diversification also continued to drive growth.The growth was broad-based across schemes and geographies. Americas  Asia-Pacific and the Middle East and Africa region delivered the strongest organic revenue performances thanks to business development efforts and exposure to new services including Sustainability and CSR-driven solutions.During the period  the business continued to be led by increased client demand for more brand protection  traceability  and social responsibility commitments all along the supply chains. Double-digit growth was recorded for QHSE schemes  Supply Chain & Sustainability and Food Safety. Bureau Veritas also won a public outsourcing contract with the Direction Générale de l’Alimentation to provide services around food safety inspections in France.Sustainability-related services delivered strong double-digit organic revenue growth in 2023 fueled by a continuing high demand for verification of greenhouse gas emissions and supply chain audits on ESG topics. In the medium term  the business is expected to benefit from several regulatory changes (CS3D -Corporate Sustainability Due Diligence Directive  EU Deforestation Regulation  EU CSRD -Corporate Sustainability Reporting Directive) which will require more audits and certification services than today.Momentum remained strong for solutions dedicated to companies around IT Service Management and information security. The Cybersecurity business posted very high double-digit organic performance. This is due to extremely robust business development and rising demand for more verifications around enterprise cyber risks.The adjusted operating margin for the full year was a very healthy 18.9%  compared to 19.0% in the previous year. This reflects a 26 basis points organic increase  attributed to productivity gains  offset by a negative foreign exchange effect of 33 basis points.Sustainability achievementsDuring 2023  Bureau Veritas won numerous contracts in the Sustainability field. For instance  in the last quarter  the Group was selected by Mondelez International for sustainability data assurance and social audits. The Group was also awarded a contract by a European power company for the measurement of the organizational level carbon footprint and commitment to SBTi.At COP 28 in Dubai  Bureau Veritas  Environmental intelligence services company Kayrros  and one of the world's leading suppliers of traceability systems OPTEL  announced the signing of a strategic partnership to provide companies with a solution to combat deforestation. The partnership is designed to help companies comply with the European Union Deforestation Regulation (EUDR)  which aims to combat deforestation caused by the import of certain products. A first contract has been signed with a wood importer to ensure the traceability of its products and comply with this directive  which came into force on January 1st  2024. For more information  the press release is available by clicking here.CONSUMER PRODUCTS SERVICESIN EUR MILLIONS 2023 2022 CHANGE ORGANIC SCOPE CURRENCY Revenue 710.7 734.2 (3.2)% (0.5)% +3.1% (5.8)% Adjusted operating profit 145.5 176.2 (17.5)% Adjusted operating margin 20.5% 24.0% (355)bps (258)bps (51)bps (46)bpsThe Consumer Products Services division recorded an organic revenue contraction of 0.5%  including a recovery in the fourth quarter of 2023 (+3.8% organic growth) with varying geographical and service trends.During 2023 (including Q4)  Asia remained the region most impacted by the weak consumer spending backdrop  while the Americas (US and Latin America) continue to benefit from the diversification strategy implemented over the recent years (especially in healthcare in the US).Softlines  Hardlines & Toys (49% of divisional revenue) recorded low-single-digit organic growth in full year 2023. Softlines showed good resilience throughout the year and benefited in the fourth quarter from a restart of goods production as stocks deplete. Hardlines & Toys posted a low-single-digit organic contraction in 2023  with a rebound in Q4 which is expected to continue in the first quarter 2024 as toy sales and new contracts resume. China improved sequentially  and Southern Asia maintained a strong momentum (in Bangladesh  India and Indonesia) -led by the sourcing shift outside of China. Growth was moderate in South-Eastern Asia.Health  Beauty & Household (8% of divisional revenue) recorded solid double-digit organic growth in 2023 (including Q4)  led by the Americas and new contract wins. Advanced Testing Laboratory (ATL) and Galbraith Laboratories Inc.  which were both acquired last year in the US  progressed well with a promising sales pipeline.Inspection & Audit services (13% of divisional revenue) maintained their growth thanks to strong momentum for Sustainability services over the course of 2023  which grew 17% organically. This includes organic products  recycling  social audits and green claim verification across most geographies.Lastly  Technology9 (30% of divisional revenue)  as expected  recorded a mid-single-digit organic contraction  and is still affected by the global decrease in demand for electrical and wireless equipment  as well as the resulting temporary reduction in new product launches. The New Mobility sub-segment however delivered double-digit growth  led by both Asia and the US  thanks to the ramp-up of a new lab in Detroit  Michigan. This reflected good traction of testing on electric vehicle systems and associated components. During the year  the Group opened a new lab in Hanoi fully dedicated to connectivity and wireless testing. It also opened an electronic ATEX (European Directives for controlling explosive atmospheres) regulated lab in Brazil.During the fourth quarter of 2023  the Consumer Products Services division continued its diversification strategy:Services diversification with the acquisition of Impactiva  a leader in quality assurance for the footwear industry  positioned upstream in the value chain;Geographic diversification with the acquisition of ANCE  the leader in testing and certification services for electrical and electronic products in Mexico.Adjusted operating margin for the full year declined by 355 basis points to 20.5% from 24.0% in the prior year. Organically  it decreased by 258 basis points. This was attributed to negative operational leverage.Sustainability achievementsDuring 2023  Bureau Veritas was awarded numerous contracts in the Sustainability field. For instance  in the last quarter  the Group was selected for contracts ranging from social audits  CSR compliance to environmental testing and chemical social audits. The Group also entered into a contract with one of the world's leading sportswear and footwear brands to help them in their supply chain decarbonization efforts through SBTI & greenhouse gas reduction programs.PRESENTATION Full year 2023 results will be presented on Thursday  February 22  2024  at 3:00 p.m. (Paris time) An audio conference will be webcast live. Please connect to: Link to audio conference The presentation slides will be available on: https://group.bureauveritas.com All supporting documents will be available on the website Live dial-in numbers:- France: +33 (0)1 70 37 71 66- UK: +44 (0)33 0551 0200- US: +1 786 697 3501- International: +44 (0)33 0551 0200- Password: Bureau VeritasFINANCIAL CALENDAR Capital Markets Day: March 20  2024 Q1 2024 revenue: April 25  2024 Shareholders’ Meeting: June 20  2024 Half Year 2024 Results: July 26  2024 Q3 2024 revenue: October 23  2024About Bureau VeritasBureau Veritas is a world leader in laboratory testing  inspection and certification services. Created in 1828  the Group has circa 82 000 employees located in nearly 1 600 offices and laboratories around the globe. Bureau Veritas helps its 400 000 clients improve their performance by offering services and innovative solutions in order to ensure that their assets  products  infrastructure and processes meet standards and regulations in terms of quality  health and safety  environmental protection and social responsibility.Bureau Veritas is listed on Euronext Paris and belongs to the CAC 40 ESG  CAC Next 20  CAC 40 SBT 1.5  and SBF 120 indices. Compartment A  ISIN code FR 0006174348  stock symbol: BVI.For more information  visit www.bureauveritas.com  and follow us on Twitter (@bureauveritas) and LinkedIn.Our information is certified with blockchain technology.Check that this press release is genuine at www.wiztrust.com. ANALYST/INVESTOR CONTACTS MEDIA CONTACTS Laurent Brunelle Anette Rey +33 (0)1 55 24 76 09 + 33 (0)6 69 79 84 88 laurent.brunelle@bureauveritas.com anette.rey@bureauveritas.com Colin Verbrugghe +33 (0)1 55 24 77 80 colin.verbrugghe@bureauveritas.comKarine Ansart+33 (0)1 55 24 76 19karine.ansart@bureauveritas.comThis press release (including the appendices) contains forward-looking statements  which are based on current plans and forecasts of Bureau Veritas’ management. Such forward-looking statements are by their nature subject to a number of important risk and uncertainty factors such as those described in the Universal Registration Document (“Document d’enregistrement universel”) filed by Bureau Veritas with the French Financial Markets Authority (“AMF”) that could cause actual results to differ from the plans  objectives and expectations expressed in such forward-looking statements. These forward-looking statements speak only as of the date on which they are made  and Bureau Veritas undertakes no obligation to update or revise any of them  whether as a result of new information  future events or otherwise  according to applicable regulations.APPENDIX 1: Q4 AND FY 2023 REVENUE BY BUSINESSIN EUR MILLIONS Q4/FY2023 Q4/FY2022(a) CHANGE ORGANIC SCOPE CURRENCY Marine & Offshore 117.1 109.0 +7.4% +13.4% - (6.0)% Agri-Food & Commodities 316.5 312.9 +1.2% +7.5% - (6.3)% Industry 322.2 313.7 +2.7% +18.7% (2.1)% (13.9)% Buildings & Infrastructure 470.7 459.0 +2.6% +4.4% - (1.8)% Certification 130.5 117.9 +10.6% +15.1% - (4.5)% Consumer Products 182.8 187.6 (2.5)% +3.8% - (6.3)% Total Q4 revenue 1 539.8 1 500.1 +2.6% +9.4% (0.4)% (6.4)% Marine & Offshore 455.7 418.3 +8.9% +14.4% - (5.5)% Agri-Food & Commodities 1 233.6 1 224.8 +0.7% +5.7% - (5.0)% Industry 1 249.5 1 181.0 +5.8% +16.5% (1.0)% (9.7)% Buildings & Infrastructure 1 753.3 1 664.0 +5.4% +6.3% +1.4% (2.3)% Certification 465.0 428.3 +8.6% +12.4% - (3.8)% Consumer Products 710.7 734.2 (3.2)% (0.5)% +3.1% (5.8)% Total full year revenue 5 867.8 5 650.6 +3.8% +8.5% +0.6% (5.3)%(a) Q4 and FY 2022 figures by business have been restated following a c. €4.0 million reclassification of activities previously reported in Industry to the Buildings & Infrastructure business.APPENDIX 2: 2023 REVENUE BY QUARTER2023 REVENUE BY QUARTER IN EUR MILLIONS Q1 Q2 Q3 Q4 Marine & Offshore 113.1 115.6 110.0 117.1 Agri-Food & Commodities 302.7 308.9 305.5 316.5 Industry 295.3 323.0 309.0 322.2 Buildings & Infrastructure 431.6 437.2 413.8 470.7 Certification 106.9 120.9 106.7 130.5 Consumer Products 154.9 194.2 178.8 182.8 Total revenue 1 404.5 1 499.8 1 423.8 1 539.8APPENDIX 3: ADJUSTED OPERATING PROFIT AND MARGIN BY BUSINESSADJUSTED OPERATING PROFIT ADJUSTED OPERATING MARGIN 20232022CHANGE(%)20232022 CHANGE IN EUR MILLIONS (BASIS POINTS) Marine & Offshore 108.6 100.7 +7.8% 23.8 % 24.1% (24)bps Agri-Food & Commodities 184.0 176.0 +4.6% 14.9 % 14.4% +55bps Industry 174.8 139.1 +25.6% 14.0 % 11.8% +217bps Buildings & Infrastructure 229.3 228.7 +0.3% 13.1 % 13.7% (63)bps Certification 88.0 81.4 +8.0% 18.9 % 19.0% (7)bps Consumer Products 145.5 176.2 (17.5)% 20.5 % 24.0% (355)bps Total Group 930.2 902.1 +3.1% 15.9 % 16.0% (11)bpsAPPENDIX 4: EXTRACTS FROM THE FULL YEAR CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTSExtracts from the full year consolidated financial statements audited and approved on February 21  2024by the Board of Directors. The audit procedures for the full year accounts have been undertaken and theStatutory Auditors’ report has been published.CONSOLIDATED INCOME SATEMENT IN EUR MILLIONS 2023 2022 Revenue 5 867.8 5 650.6 Purchases and external charges (1 642.3) (1 620.5) Personnel costs (3 061.8) (2 929.4) Taxes other than on income (48.9) (53.4) Net (additions to)/reversals of provisions (22.4) 0.5 Depreciation and amortization (291.5) (297.1) Other operating income and expense  net 23.5 48.6 Operating profit 824.4 799.3 Share of profit of equity-accounted companies 0.7 0.1 Operating profit after share of profit of equity-accounted companies 825.1 799.4 Income from cash and cash equivalents 45.0 12.5 Finance costs  gross (91.0) (84.9) Finance costs  net (46.0) (72.4) Other financial income and expense  net (22.5) (9.0) Net financial expense (68.5) (81.4) Profit before income tax 756.6 718.0 Income tax expense (240.7) (233.4) Net profit 515.9 484.6 Non-controlling interests (12.2) 17.9 Attributable net profit 503.7 466.7 Earnings per share (in euros): Basic earnings per share 1.11 1.03 Diluted earnings per share 1.10 1.02CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF FINANCIAL POSITION IN EUR MILLIONS DEC. 31  2023 DEC. 31  2022 Goodwill 2 127.4 2 143.7 Intangible assets 360.0 392.5 Property  plant and equipment 389.0 374.8 Right-of-use assets 391.5 381.3 Non-current financial assets 108.9 108.1 Deferred income tax assets 136.6 122.6 Total non-current assets 3 513.4 3 523.0 Trade and other receivables 1 584.5 1 553.2 Contract assets 325.9 310.3 Current income tax assets 33.5 42.2 Derivative financial instruments 4.1 6.3 Other current financial assets 9.1 22.1 Cash and cash equivalents 1 173.9 1 662.1 Total current assets 3 131.0 3 596.2 TOTAL ASSETS 6 644.4 7 119.2 Share capital 54.5 54.3 Retained earnings and other reserves 1 881.6 1 807.8 Equity attributable to owners of the Company 1 936.1 1 862.1 Non-controlling interests 57.7 65.9 Total equity 1 993.8 1 928.0 Non-current borrowings and financial debt 2 079.7 2 102.0 Non-current lease liabilities 319.7 308.4 Other non-current financial liabilities 73.7 99.1 Deferred income tax liabilities 85.0 88.1 Pension plans and other long-term employee benefits 147.2 141.7 Provisions for other liabilities and charges 72.2 72.9 Total non-current liabilities 2 777.5 2 812.2 Trade and other payables 1 273.4 1 267.4 Contract liabilities 257.2 255.0 Current income tax liabilities 98.5 103.7 Current borrowings and financial debt 31.2 535.4 Current lease liabilities 107.5 99.4 Derivative financial instruments 3.3 6.3 Other current financial liabilities 102.0 111.8 Total current liabilities 1 873.1 2 379.0 TOTAL EQUITY AND LIABILITIES 6 644.4 7 119.2CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF CASH FLOWS IN EUR MILLIONS 2023 2022 Profit before income tax 756.6 718.0 Elimination of cash flows from financing and investing activities 30.8 50.5 Provisions and other non-cash items 35.7 11.8 Depreciation  amortization and impairment 291.5 297.1 Movements in working capital requirement attributable to operations (53.6) (12.5) Income tax paid (241.3) (230.0) Net cash generated from operating activities 819.7 834.9 Acquisitions of subsidiaries  net of cash acquired (58.9) (76.6) Impact of sales of subsidiaries and businesses  net of cash disposed 17.5 (1.2) Purchases of property  plant and equipment and intangible assets (157.6) (130.1) Proceeds from sales of property  plant and equipment and intangible assets 14.1 4.7 Purchases of non-current financial assets (11.7) (11.5) Proceeds from sales of non-current financial assets 5.8 15.0 Change in loans and advances granted 2.8 (0.3) Dividends received from equity-accounted companies - 0.1 Net cash used in investing activities (188.0) (199.9) Capital increase 5.7 8.6 Purchases/sales of treasury shares (1.9) (49.8) Dividends paid (396.3) (280.9) Increase in borrowings and other financial debt 0.9 201.8 Repayment of borrowings and other financial debt (500.4) (82.9) Repayment of debts and transactions with shareholders (29.6) (17.3) Repayment of lease liabilities and interest (141.9) (139.0) Interest paid (17.1) (52.5) Net cash used in financing activities (1 080.6) (412.0) Impact of currency translation differences (36.7) 22.3 Net increase (decrease) in cash and cash equivalents (485.6) 245.3 Net cash and cash equivalents at beginning of the period 1 655.7 1 410.4 Net cash and cash equivalents at end of the period 1 170.1 1 655.7 o/w cash and cash equivalents 1 173.9 1 662.1 o/w bank overdrafts (3.8) (6.4)APPENDIX 5: DETAILED NET FINANCIAL EXPENSENET FINANCIAL EXPENSE IN EUR MILLIONS 2023 2022 Finance costs  net (46.0) (72.4) Foreign exchange gains/(losses) 6.9 4.6 Interest cost on pension plans (5.1) 0.3 Implicit return on funded pension plan assets 1.4 0.4 Other (25.7) (14.3) Net financial expense (68.5) (81.4)APPENDIX 6: ALTERNATIVE PERFORMANCE INDICATORSADJUSTED OPERATING PROFIT IN EUR MILLIONS 2023 2022 Operating profit 824.4 799.3 Amortization of intangible assets resulting from acquisitions 57.1 65.7 Impairment and retirement of non-current assets 22.1 10.2 Restructuring costs 30.3 31.2 Gains (losses) on disposals of businesses and other income and expenses related to acquisitions (3.7) (4.3) Total adjustment items 105.8 102.8 Adjusted operating profit 930.2 902.1CHANGE IN ADJUSTED OPERATING PROFIT IN EUR MILLIONS 2022 adjusted operating profit 902.1 Organic change 88.8 Organic adjusted operating profit 990.9 Scope 6.3 Adjusted operating profit at constant currency 997.2 Currency (67.0) 2023 adjusted operating profit 930.2ADJUSTED EFFECTIVE TAX RATE IN EUR MILLIONS 2023 2022 Profit before income tax 756.6 718.0 Income tax expense (240.7) (233.4) ETR(a) 31.8% 32.5% Adjusted ETR 31.1% 31.6% (a) Effective tax rate (ETR) = Income tax expense / Profit before income taxATTRIBUTABLE NET PROFIT IN EUR MILLIONS 2023 2022 Attributable net profit 503.7 466.7 EPS(a) (€ per share) 1.11 1.03 Adjustment items 105.8 102.8 Tax impact on adjustment items (27.7) (26.2) Non-controlling interest on adjustment items (7.1) (9.4) Adjusted attributable net profit 574.7 533.9 Adjusted EPS(a) (€ per share) 1.27 1.18 (a) Calculated using the weighted average number of shares: 453 009 724 in 2023 and 452 140 348 in 2022CHANGE IN ADJUSTED ATTRIBUTABLE NET PROFIT IN EUR MILLIONS 2022 adjusted attributable net profit 533 9 Organic change and scope 94 0 Adjusted attributable net profit at constant currency 627.9 Currency (53.2) 2023 adjusted attributable net profit 574.7FREE CASH FLOW IN EUR MILLIONS 2023 2022 Net cash generated from operating activities(operating cash flow) 819.7 834.9 Net purchases of property  plant and equipment and intangible assets (143.5) (125.4) Interest paid (17.1) (52.5) Free cash flow 659.1 657.0CHANGE IN NET CASH GENERATED FROM OPERATING ACTIVITIES IN EUR MILLIONS Net cash generated from operating activities at December 31  2022 834.9 Organic change 26.5 Organic net cash generated from operating activities 861.4 Scope 4.3 Net cash generated from operating activities at constant currency 865.7 Currency (46.0) Net cash generated from operating activities at December 31  2023 819.7ADJUSTED NET FINANCIAL DEBT IN EUR MILLIONS DEC. 31  2023 DEC. 31  2022 Gross financial debt 2 110.9 2 637.4 Cash and cash equivalents 1 173.9 1 662.1 Consolidated net financial debt 937.0 975.3 Currency hedging instruments (0.8) - Adjusted net financial debt 936.2 975.3APPENDIX 7: DEFINITION OF ALTERNATIVE PERFORMANCE INDICATORS AND RECONCILIATION WITH IFRSThe management process used by Bureau Veritas is based on a series of alternative performance indicators  as presented below. These indicators were defined for the purposes of preparing the Group’s budgets and internal and external reporting. Bureau Veritas considers that these indicators provide additional useful information to financial statement users  enabling them to better understand the Group’s performance  especially its operating performance. Some of these indicators represent benchmarks in the testing  inspection and certification (“TIC”) business and are commonly used and tracked by the financial community. These alternative performance indicators should be seen as a complement to IFRS-compliant indicators and the resulting changes.GROWTHTotal revenue growthThe total revenue growth percentage measures changes in consolidated revenue between the previous year and the current year. Total revenue growth has three components:organic growth;impact of changes in the scope of consolidation (scope effect);impact of changes in exchange rates (currency effect).Organic growthThe Group internally monitors and publishes “organic” revenue growth  which it considers to be more representative of the Group’s operating performance in each of its business sectors.The main measure used to manage and track consolidated revenue growth is like-for-like  or organic growth. Determining organic growth enables the Group to monitor trends in its business excluding the impact of currency fluctuations  which are outside of Bureau Veritas’ control  as well as scope effects  which concern new businesses or businesses that no longer form part of the business portfolio. Organic growth is used to monitor the Group’s performance internally.Bureau Veritas considers that organic growth provides management and investors with a more comprehensive understanding of its underlying operating performance and current business trends  excluding the impact of acquisitions  divestments (outright divestments as well as the unplanned suspension of operations – in the event of international sanctions  for example) and changes in exchange rates for businesses exposed to foreign exchange volatility  which can mask underlying trends.The Group also considers that separately presenting organic revenue generated by its businesses provides management and investors with useful information on trends in its industrial businesses  and enables a more direct comparison with other companies in its industry.Organic revenue growth represents the percentage of revenue growth  presented at Group level and for each business  based on constant scope of consolidation and exchange rates over comparable periods:constant scope of consolidation: data are restated for the impact of changes in the scope of consolidation over a 12-month period;constant exchange rates: data for the current year are restated using exchange rates for the previous year.Scope effectTo establish a meaningful comparison between reporting periods  the impact of changes in the scope of consolidation is determined:for acquisitions carried out in the current year: by deducting from revenue for the current year revenue generated by the acquired businesses in the current year;for acquisitions carried out in the previous year: by deducting from revenue for the current year revenue generated by the acquired businesses in the months in the previous year in which they were not consolidated;for disposals and divestments carried out in the current year: by deducting from revenue for the previous year revenue generated by the disposed and divested businesses in the previous year in the months of the current year in which they were not part of the Group;for disposals and divestments carried out in the previous year: by deducting from revenue for the previous year revenue generated by the disposed and divested businesses in the previous year prior to their disposal/divestment.Currency effectThe currency effect is calculated by translating revenue for the current year at the exchange rates for the previous year.ADJUSTED OPERATING PROFIT AND ADJUSTED OPERATING MARGINAdjusted operating profit and adjusted operating margin are key indicators used to measure the performance of the business  excluding material items that cannot be considered inherent to the Group’s underlying intrinsic performance owing to their nature. Bureau Veritas considers that these indicators  presented at Group level and for each business  are more representative of the operating performance in its industry.Adjusted operating profitAdjusted operating profit represents operating profit prior to adjustments for the following:amortization of intangible assets resulting from acquisitions;impairment of goodwill;impairment and retirement of non-current assets;gains and losses on disposals of businesses and other income and expenses relating to acquisitions (fees and costs on acquisitions of businesses  contingent consideration on acquisitions of businesses);restructuring costs.When an acquisition is carried out during the financial year  the amortization of the related intangible assets is calculated on a time proportion basis.Since a measurement period of 12 months is allowed for determining the fair value of acquired assets and liabilities  amortization of intangible assets in the year of acquisition may  in some cases  be based on a temporary measurement and be subject to minor adjustments in the subsequent reporting period  once the definitive value of the intangible assets is known.Organic adjusted operating profit represents operating profit adjusted for scope and currency effects over comparable periods:at constant scope of consolidation: data are restated based on a 12-month period;at constant exchange rates: data for the current year are restated using exchange rates for the previous year.The scope and currency effects are calculated using a similar approach to that used for revenue for each component of operating profit and adjusted operating profit.Adjusted operating marginAdjusted operating margin expressed as a percentage represents adjusted operating profit divided by revenue. Adjusted operating margin can be presented on an organic basis or at constant exchange rates  thereby  in the latter case  providing a view of the Group’s performance excluding the impact of currency fluctuations  which are outside of Bureau Veritas’ control.ADJUSTED EFFECTIVE TAX RATEThe effective tax rate (ETR) represents income tax expense divided by the amount of pre-tax profit.The adjusted effective tax rate (adjusted ETR) represents income tax expense adjusted for the tax effect on adjustment items divided by pre-tax profit before taking into account the adjustment items (see adjusted operating profit definition).ADJUSTED NET PROFITAdjusted attributable net profitAdjusted attributable net profit is defined as attributable net profit adjusted for adjustment items (see adjusted operating profit definition) and for the tax effect on adjustment items. Adjusted attributable net profit excludes non-controlling interests in adjustment items and only concerns continuing operations.Adjusted attributable net profit can be presented at constant exchange rates  thereby providing a view of the Group’s performance excluding the impact of currency fluctuations  which are outside of Bureau Veritas’ control. The currency effect is calculated by translating the various income statement items for the current year at the exchange rates for the previous year.Adjusted attributable net profit per shareAdjusted attributable net profit per share (adjusted EPS or earnings per share) is defined as adjusted attributable net profit divided by the weighted average number of shares in the period.FREE CASH FLOWFree cash flow represents net cash generated from operating activities (operating cash flow)  adjusted for the following items:purchases of property  plant and equipment and intangible assets;proceeds from disposals of property  plant and equipment and intangible assets;interest paid.Net cash generated from operating activities is shown after income tax paid.Organic free cash flow represents free cash flow at constant scope and exchange rates over comparable periods:at constant scope of consolidation: data are restated based on a 12-month period;at constant exchange rates: data for the current year are restated using exchange rates for the previous year.The scope and currency effects are calculated using a similar approach to that used for revenue for each component of net cash generated from operating activities and free cash flow.FINANCIAL DEBTGross debtGross debt (or gross finance costs/financial debt) represents bank loans and borrowings plus bank overdrafts.Net debtNet debt (or net finance costs/financial debt) as defined and used by the Group represents gross debt less cash and cash equivalents. Cash and cash equivalents comprise marketable securities and similar receivables as well as cash at bank and on hand.Adjusted net debtAdjusted net debt (or adjusted net finance costs/financial debt) as defined and used by the Group represents net debt taking into account currency and interest rate hedging instruments.CONSOLIDATED EBITDAConsolidated EBITDA represents net profit before interest  tax  depreciation  amortization and provisions  adjusted for any entities acquired over the last 12 months. Consolidated EBITDA is used by the Group to track its bank covenants.1 Alternative performance indicators are presented  defined and reconciled with IFRS in appendices 6 and 8 of this press release.2 Ratio of adjusted net financial debt divided by consolidated EBITDA (earnings before interest  tax  depreciation  amortization and provisions)  adjusted for any entities acquired over the last 12 months.3 Proposed dividend  subject to Shareholders’ Meeting approval on June 20  2024.4 At constant currency5 TAR: Total Accident Rate (number of accidents with and without lost time x 200 000/number of hours worked).6 Proportion of women from the Executive Committee to Band II (internal grade corresponding to a management or executive management position) in the Group (number of women on a full-time equivalent basis in a leadership position/total number of full-time equivalents in leadership positions).7 Greenhouse gas emissions from offices and laboratories  tons of CO 2 equivalent net emissions per employee and per year corresponding to scopes 1  2 and 3 (emissions related to business travel).8 (Net cash generated from operating activities – lease payments + income tax)/ adjusted operating profit.9 The Technology segment comprises Electrical & Electronics  Wireless testing activities and Automotive connectivity testing activities.Attachment,positive,0.87,0.12,0.01,positive,0.77,0.22,0.01,True,English,"['BUREAU VERITAS', 'Excellent 2023 performance', 'strong growth', 'record earnings', '2024', 'high single-digit organic revenue growth', 'several non-financial rating agencies', '2023 S&P Global rating', 'working capital management Adjusted', 'mid-term GHG emissions targets', 'Science Based Targets initiative', 'main consolidated financial items', 'leading global business lines', 'robust cash flow generation', 'double-digit organic revenue growth', 'strong execution track record', 'H2 organic revenue growth', 'strong underlying market growth', 'high single digit', 'many underlying markets', 'robust business fundamentals', 'Capital Markets Day', 'durable growth dynamic', 'positive 0.6% scope effect', 'Free cash flow', 'disciplined capex policy', 'positive secular trends', 'sustainable development models', 'buildings integrity needs', 'growing infrastructure investment', 'low-carbon energy development', 'high customer demand', 'constant exchange rates', 'Strong cash flow', 'negative 5.3% currency fluctuations', 'net debt/EBITDA ratio', 'Chief Executive Officer', 'future growth ambitions', 'energy transition solutions', 'CONSTANT CURRENCY Revenue', 'Consumer Products Services', 'growing sales pipeline', 'strong cash conversion', 'new economy services', 'Attributable net profit', 'healthy organic margin', 'organic growth', '2023 financial targets', 'strong growth', 'leading player', 'consistent execution', 'business areas', 'Group revenue', 'annualized revenue', 'record earnings', 'financial statements', 'Strong momentum', 'strong results', 'Executive Committee', 'Electronics products', '2025 CSR ambitions', 'customer centricity', 'future outperformance', 'powerful demand', 'new CEO', 'current pipeline', 'new strategy', 'strong year', 'operating margin', 'margin expansion4', 'operating profit', 'PRESS RELEASE', '2023 Key Figures1', 'fourth quarter', 'good momentum', 'Middle East', 'two bolt', 'Good progress', 'first ranking', 'Bureau Veritas', 'The Group', 'stronger comparables', 'Hinda Gharbi', 'hard work', 'continued support', 'higher levels', 'key contributors', 'great foundation', 'March 20th', 'Excellent 2023 performance', 'outstanding performance', 'current performance', 'full year', 'last year', 'dividend increase', 'entire portfolio', 'Seine', 'France', 'February', 'EUR', 'basis', 'EPS', 'share', 'December', '2023 Highlights', 'Appointment', 'strengthening', 'metrics', 'region', 'Americas', 'Africa', 'Asia-Pacific', 'Sustainability', 'Acquisition', 'companies', 'Mexico', 'Electrical', 'achievement', 'commitment', 'DJSI', 'SBTi', '2024 Outlook', 'Improvement', 'H1', 'globe', 'colleagues', 'world', 'dedication', 'financials', 'Board', 'exposure', 'spending', 'opportunities', 'testament', 'vision', 'Directors', 'MILLIONS', '16.']",2024-02-22,2024-02-23,globenewswire.com
36573,EuroNext,Bing API,https://www.finanznachrichten.de/nachrichten-2024-02/61487923-irish-residential-properties-reit-plc-i-res-commences-comprehensive-strategic-review-015.htm,Irish Residential Properties REIT plc: I-RES Commences Comprehensive Strategic Review,DJ I-RES Commences Comprehensive Strategic Review Irish Residential Properties REIT plc (IRES) I-RES Commences Comprehensive Strategic Review 23-Feb-2024 / 07:00 GMT/BST =-----------------------------,"DJ I-RES Commences Comprehensive Strategic ReviewIrish Residential Properties REIT plc (IRES) I-RES Commences Comprehensive Strategic Review 23-Feb-2024 / 07:00 GMT/BST =---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- For immediate release 23 February 2024 Irish Residential Properties REIT plc (""the ""Company"" or ""I-RES"") I-RES Commences Comprehensive Strategic Review As previously announced by the Company on 8 January 2024  following the release of our 2023 Full Year Financial Results today  I-RES is now commencing a strategic review which will comprise a comprehensive consideration of all strategic options to maximise value for Shareholders (the ""Strategic Review""). The Strategic Review will be led by a Board Committee comprised of newly appointed Chair Hugh Scott-Barrett and non-executive directors Denise Turner and Phillip Burns  and will be supported by Savills  a leading real estate advisory firm with local and international knowledge  in conjunction with our existing international financial advisors and brokers. Strategic options to be assessed will include  but not be limited to  new strategic initiatives  consolidation  combinations  mergers or other corporate action  a review of the Company's status as a listed REIT  the sale of the entire issued share capital of the Company and selling the Company's assets and returning value to Shareholders. Based on extensive engagement with our Shareholders over the last few months  the Board recognises that many Shareholders welcome the comprehensive Strategic Review at this time. The Board looks forward to continued engagement with Shareholders and plans to provide status updates to the market at key milestones throughout the Strategic Review process  beginning with an update ahead of the Company's AGM in May. There is no certainty that any change will result from the Strategic Review or that any sale  strategic investment or other transaction will be concluded  nor as to the terms on which any offer  strategic investment or other transaction may be made. The Company confirms it is not in receipt of any approach nor in any discussion with any offeror or in talks with any potential counterparty generally in connection with a transaction. END For further information please contact: For Investor Relations at Irish Residential Properties REIT plc: Luke Ferriter  Investor Relations investors@iresreit.ie Tel: +353 (0) 1 563 4000 Margaret Sweeney  Chief Executive Officer Tel: +353 (0) 1 557 0974 For Media Queries: Padraig McKeon  I-RES PR and Communications Tel: + 353 (0) 87 231 2632 Jonathan Neilan  FTI Consulting ires@fticonsulting.com Tel: +353 (0) 86 231 4135 About Irish Residential Properties REIT plc Irish Residential Properties REIT plc (""I-RES"") is a growth oriented Real Estate Investment Trust providing quality professionally managed homes in sustainable communities in Ireland. The Group owns 3 734 apartments and houses for private rental in Dublin and Cork. I-RES aims to be the provider of choice for the Irish living sector  known for excellent service and for operating responsibly  minimising its environmental impact  and maximising its contribution to the community. The Company's shares are listed on Euronext Dublin. Further information at www.iresreit.ie. Important notices This announcement is not intended to  and does not  constitute or form part of any offer  invitation or solicitation of any offer to purchase  otherwise acquire  subscribe for  sell or otherwise dispose of  any securities or the solicitation of any vote or approval in any jurisdiction  whether pursuant to this announcement or otherwise. The release  distribution or publication of this announcement in jurisdictions outside Ireland may be restricted by laws of the relevant jurisdictions and therefore persons into whose possession this announcement comes should inform themselves about  and observe  any such restrictions. Any failure to comply with the restrictions may constitute a violation of the securities law of any such jurisdiction. Responsibility Statement The directors of I-RES accept responsibility for the information contained in this announcement. To the best of the knowledge and belief of the directors (who have taken all reasonable care to ensure that such is the case)  the information contained in this announcement is in accordance with the facts and does not omit anything likely to affect the import of such information. =---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- Dissemination of a Regulatory Announcement  transmitted by EQS Group. The issuer is solely responsible for the content of this announcement. =---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- ISIN: IE00BJ34P519 Category Code: MSCH TIDM: IRES LEI Code: 635400EOPACLULRENY18 OAM Categories: 3.1. Additional regulated information required to be disclosed under the laws of a Member State Sequence No.: 305511 EQS News ID: 1843497 End of Announcement EQS News Service =------------------------------------------------------------------------------------Image link: https://eqs-cockpit.com/cgi-bin/fncls.ssp?fn=show_t_gif&application_id=1843497&application_name=news(END) Dow Jones NewswiresFebruary 23  2024 02:00 ET (07:00 GMT)",neutral,0.02,0.98,0.0,mixed,0.25,0.43,0.32,True,English,"['Irish Residential Properties REIT plc', 'Comprehensive Strategic Review', 'I-RES', 'growth oriented Real Estate Investment Trust', 'leading real estate advisory firm', 'Irish Residential Properties REIT plc', '2023 Full Year Financial Results', 'Member State Sequence No.', 'existing international financial advisors', 'Irish living sector', 'Chair Hugh Scott-Barrett', 'Chief Executive Officer', '635400EOPACLULRENY18 OAM Categories', 'new strategic initiatives', 'EQS News ID', 'other corporate action', 'Strategic Review process', 'Comprehensive Strategic Review', 'IRES LEI Code', 'Additional regulated information', 'The Strategic Review', 'listed REIT', 'strategic investment', 'comprehensive consideration', 'strategic options', 'international knowledge', 'EQS Group', 'Category Code', 'The Group', 'Denise Turner', 'Phillip Burns', 'share capital', 'extensive engagement', 'continued engagement', 'key milestones', 'other transaction', 'potential counterparty', 'Investor Relations', 'Luke Ferriter', 'Margaret Sweeney', 'Media Queries', 'Padraig McKeon', 'Jonathan Neilan', 'FTI Consulting', 'sustainable communities', 'private rental', 'excellent service', 'environmental impact', 'Important notices', 'reasonable care', 'MSCH TIDM', 'The Board', 'Board Committee', 'status updates', 'Euronext Dublin', 'Further information', 'relevant jurisdictions', 'securities law', 'Responsibility Statement', 'The Company', 'immediate release', 'non-executive directors', 'DJ I-RES', 'I-RES PR', 'many Shareholders', 'Regulatory Announcement', 'Feb', '07:00 GMT', 'BST', '8 January', 'value', 'Savills', 'local', 'conjunction', 'brokers', 'consolidation', 'combinations', 'mergers', 'sale', 'assets', 'returning', 'last', 'months', 'time', 'plans', 'market', 'AGM', 'May', 'certainty', 'change', 'terms', 'offer', 'receipt', 'approach', 'discussion', 'talks', 'connection', 'END', 'iresreit', 'Communications', 'fticonsulting', 'homes', 'Ireland', '3,734 apartments', 'houses', 'Cork', 'provider', 'choice', 'contribution', 'community', 'shares', 'invitation', 'solicitation', 'vote', 'approval', 'distribution', 'publication', 'laws', 'persons', 'possession', 'restrictions', 'failure', 'violation', 'belief', 'case', 'accordance', 'facts', 'Dissemination', 'issuer', 'content', 'ISIN']",2024-02-06,2024-02-23,finanznachrichten.de
36574,EuroNext,Bing API,https://www.stock-world.de/nachrichten/dgap/Investor-Presentation-on-Fintech-n16630491.html,Investor Presentation on fintech,Molten Ventures plc (LSE: GROW  Euronext Dublin: GRW)  a leading venture capital firm investing in and developing high-growth digital technology businesses  is pleased to announce that it is hosting a live presentation and panel showcasing some of the ...,"Molten Ventures plc(""Molten""  the ""Group"" or the ""Company"")Investor Presentation on fintechMolten Ventures plc (LSE: GROW  Euronext Dublin: GRW)  a leading venture capital firm investing in and developing high-growth digital technology businesses  is pleased to announce that it is hosting a live presentation and panel showcasing some of the companies in its portfolio using technology to transform the banking and financial services industries.The session will be led by Martin Davis  Chief Executive Officer  and Vinoth Jayakumar  Partner  and feature insights from the CEOs of Form3  Thought Machine and FintechOS.The session will be held virtually at 10:30 GMT on Friday 1st March 2024 via the Investor Meet Company platform.Existing and potential investors can sign up to Investor Meet Company for free via the link below.https://www.investormeetcompany.com/molten-ventures-plc/register-investorInvestors who already follow Molten Ventures on the Investor Meet Company platform will automatically be invited.-ENDS-Enquiries:Molten Ventures plc Martin Davis (Chief Executive Officer) Ben Wilkinson (Chief Financial Officer) +44 (0)20 7931 8800 ir@molten.vc Deutsche Numis Joint Financial Adviser and Corporate Broker Simon Willis Jamie Loughborough Iqra Amin +44 (0)20 7260 1000 Goodbody Stockbrokers Joint Financial Adviser and Corporate Broker  Euronext Dublin Sponsor Don Harrington Dearbhla Gallagher William Hall +44 (0) 20 3841 6202 Powerscourt Public relations Elly Williamson Ollie Simmonds +44 (0)7970 246 725 +44 (0)781 765 752 molten@powerscourt-group.comAbout Molten VenturesMolten Ventures is a leading venture capital firm in Europe  developing and investing in disruptive  high growth technology companies. We inject visionary companies with energy to help them transform and grow. This energy comes in many forms - capital  of course  but also knowledge  experience  and relationships. We believe it is our role to support the entrepreneurs who will invent the future  and that future is being built  today  in Europe.As at 30 September 2023  Molten Ventures had a diverse portfolio with shareholdings in 74 companies  17 of which represent our Core Portfolio holdings and account for 62% of the Gross Portfolio Value. Our core companies include Thought Machine  Coachhub  Form3  Aiven  Ledger and Aircall. We invest across four sectors: Enterprise Technology  Hardware and Deeptech  Consumer Technology  and Digital Health and Wellness  with highly experienced partners constantly looking for new opportunities in each. We look for high-growth companies opeRating in new markets  with aspirations for global expansion  strong IP  powerful technology  and strong management teams to deliver success. We also look for businesses with the potential to generate strong margins to ensure rapid  sustainable growth in substantial addressable markets.Molten Ventures provides a unique opportunity for public market investors to access these fast-growing tech businesses  without having to commit to long term investments with limited liquidity. Since our IPO in June 2016  we have deployed over £1bn capital into fast growing tech companies and have realised £520m to 30 September 2023.",neutral,0.04,0.96,0.0,positive,0.69,0.27,0.04,True,English,"['Investor Presentation', 'fintech', 'Euronext Dublin Sponsor Don Harrington Dearbhla Gallagher William Hall', 'Corporate Broker Simon Willis Jamie Loughborough Iqra Amin', 'vc Deutsche Numis Joint Financial Adviser', 'disruptive, high growth technology companies', 'Elly Williamson Ollie Simmonds', 'leading venture capital firm', 'fast growing tech companies', 'Investor Meet Company platform', 'high-growth digital technology businesses', 'rapid, sustainable growth', 'financial services industries', 'Chief Financial Officer', 'growing tech businesses', 'high-growth companies opeRating', 'Chief Executive Officer', 'Friday 1st March', 'Powerscourt Public relations', 'long term investments', 'strong management teams', 'substantial addressable markets', 'Gross Portfolio Value', 'Form3, Thought Machine', 'public market investors', 'Core Portfolio holdings', 'Molten Ventures plc', 'core companies', 'Digital Health', 'Investor Presentation', '£1bn capital', 'Enterprise Technology', 'Consumer Technology', 'powerful technology', 'visionary companies', 'new markets', 'strong margins', 'diverse portfolio', 'live presentation', 'Martin Davis', 'Vinoth Jayakumar', 'Ben Wilkinson', 'Goodbody Stockbrokers', 'many forms', 'four sectors', 'experienced partners', 'new opportunities', 'global expansion', 'unique opportunity', 'limited liquidity', 'potential investors', '74 companies', 'Group', 'fintech', 'LSE', 'GRW', 'panel', 'banking', 'session', 'insights', 'CEOs', '10:30 GMT', 'Existing', 'link', 'investormeetcompany', 'molten-ventures', 'register', 'ENDS', 'Enquiries', 'Europe', 'energy', 'course', 'knowledge', 'relationships', 'role', 'entrepreneurs', 'future', '30 September', 'shareholdings', 'Coachhub', 'Aiven', 'Ledger', 'Aircall', 'Hardware', 'Deeptech', 'Wellness', 'aspirations', 'success', 'IPO', 'June']",2024-02-23,2024-02-23,stock-world.de
36575,EuroNext,Bing API,https://markets.businessinsider.com/news/stocks/cairn-homes-plc-transaction-in-own-shares-1033096061,Cairn Homes Plc: Transaction in Own Shares,Cairn Homes Plc (CRN) Cairn Homes Plc: Transaction in Own Shares 23-Feb-2024 / 07:00 GMT/BST,"Cairn Homes Plc (CRN)Cairn Homes Plc: Transaction in Own Shares23-Feb-2024 / 07:00 GMT/BST23 February 2024 Cairn Homes plc (the “Company”) Transaction in own shares The Company announces that on 22 February 2024 it purchased a total of 220 000 of its ordinary shares of EUR 0.001 each (the ""ordinary shares"") on Euronext Dublin and the London Stock Exchange through the Company's broker Numis Securities Ltd  as detailed below. The repurchased shares will be cancelled. Euronext Dublin London Stock Exchange Number of ordinary shares purchased 120 000 100 000 Highest price paid (per ordinary share) €1.494 £1.280 Lowest price paid (per ordinary share) €1.482 £1.266 Volume weighted average price paid (per ordinary share) €1.488705 £1.275093 The purchases form part of the Company’s share buyback programme announced on 3 March 2023. Following settlement and cancellation of the above purchases  the Company's total number of ordinary shares in issue shall be 649 021 542 shares  each carrying the right to one vote. The Company holds nil ordinary shares in treasury. In accordance with Article 5(1)(b) of Regulation (EU) No 596/2014 (the Market Abuse Regulation)  the detailed breakdown of individual trades made by Numis Securities Ltd on behalf of the Company as part of the share buyback programme is set out below. Contacts: Cairn Homes plc +353 1 696 4600 Tara Grimley  Company Secretary Appendix Transaction Details Issuer Name Cairn Homes plc LEI 635400DPX6WP2KKDOA83 ISIN IE00BWY4ZF18 Intermediary Name Numis Securities Ltrd Intermediary Code NUSEGB21XXX Timezone GMT Currency EUR & GBPEuronext Dublin Number of shares Price per Share (EUR) Trading Venue Time of Transaction Transaction reference number 6870 1.486 XDUB 08:06:09 00068958941TRLO0 7800 1.488 XDUB 08:24:43 00068959569TRLO0 1750 1.492 XDUB 08:50:21 00068960485TRLO0 4000 1.494 XDUB 08:58:58 00068960678TRLO0 2783 1.494 XDUB 08:58:58 00068960679TRLO0 1750 1.492 XDUB 08:59:12 00068960682TRLO0 4000 1.494 XDUB 08:59:12 00068960683TRLO0 592 1.494 XDUB 08:59:12 00068960684TRLO0 1593 1.494 XDUB 08:59:12 00068960685TRLO0 3598 1.488 XDUB 09:06:32 00068960887TRLO0 2585 1.488 XDUB 09:06:32 00068960888TRLO0 7649 1.490 XDUB 09:06:32 00068960889TRLO0 1750 1.486 XDUB 10:46:53 00068963854TRLO0 329 1.484 XDUB 10:54:43 00068964027TRLO0 1750 1.482 XDUB 11:02:53 00068964155TRLO0 4349 1.482 XDUB 11:03:04 00068964166TRLO0 3713 1.486 XDUB 12:00:03 00068965829TRLO0 363 1.486 XDUB 12:00:03 00068965830TRLO0 3036 1.486 XDUB 12:00:03 00068965831TRLO0 895 1.486 XDUB 12:00:06 00068965834TRLO0 1395 1.486 XDUB 12:24:08 00068966376TRLO0 3844 1.486 XDUB 12:24:08 00068966377TRLO0 1639 1.486 XDUB 12:24:08 00068966378TRLO0 7369 1.482 XDUB 13:01:29 00068967304TRLO0 1750 1.486 XDUB 14:07:14 00068968906TRLO0 626 1.486 XDUB 14:07:14 00068968907TRLO0 2336 1.486 XDUB 14:07:14 00068968908TRLO0 1128 1.490 XDUB 14:31:56 00068969777TRLO0 12330 1.490 XDUB 14:31:56 00068969778TRLO0 4824 1.490 XDUB 14:41:36 00068970174TRLO0 3320 1.490 XDUB 14:41:36 00068970175TRLO0 2538 1.486 XDUB 15:18:56 00068971898TRLO0 2047 1.494 XDUB 15:28:44 00068972778TRLO0 4000 1.494 XDUB 15:28:44 00068972779TRLO0 1393 1.494 XDUB 15:28:44 00068972780TRLO0 2705 1.492 XDUB 15:47:07 00068973882TRLO0 628 1.492 XDUB 15:47:07 00068973883TRLO0 4973 1.492 XDUB 15:47:07 00068973884TRLO0 London Stock Exchange Number of shares Price per Share (GBP) Trading Venue Time of Transaction Transaction reference number 8002 127.00 XLON 08:24:43 00068959568TRLO0 40 126.60 XLON 08:24:43 00068959570TRLO0 439 126.60 XLON 08:24:43 00068959571TRLO0 6435 128.00 XLON 08:53:47 00068960545TRLO0 2818 128.00 XLON 08:53:47 00068960546TRLO0 5811 127.40 XLON 09:08:46 00068960944TRLO0 2285 127.40 XLON 09:08:46 00068960945TRLO0 7606 127.00 XLON 11:02:53 00068964153TRLO0 555 127.00 XLON 11:02:53 00068964154TRLO0 8203 127.20 XLON 12:00:03 00068965828TRLO0 4828 127.20 XLON 12:15:53 00068966252TRLO0 1900 127.20 XLON 12:15:53 00068966253TRLO0 1552 127.20 XLON 12:15:53 00068966254TRLO0 6724 127.40 XLON 14:03:01 00068968802TRLO0 5520 127.40 XLON 14:03:01 00068968803TRLO0 1856 127.40 XLON 14:03:01 00068968804TRLO0 6724 127.80 XLON 14:40:41 00068970141TRLO0 3340 127.80 XLON 14:40:41 00068970142TRLO0 4652 128.00 XLON 14:51:31 00068970767TRLO0 3894 128.00 XLON 14:51:31 00068970768TRLO0 6202 127.40 XLON 15:23:37 00068972321TRLO0 4773 128.00 XLON 15:52:53 00068974221TRLO0 5841 128.00 XLON 15:52:53 00068974222TRLO0Dissemination of a Regulatory Announcement  transmitted by EQS Group.The issuer is solely responsible for the content of this announcement.",neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,negative,0.1,0.43,0.47,True,English,"['Cairn Homes Plc', 'Own Shares', 'Transaction', 'LEI 635400DPX6WP2KKDOA83 ISIN IE00BWY4ZF18 Intermediary Name Numis Securities Ltrd Intermediary Code NUSEGB21XXX Timezone GMT Currency', 'Company Secretary Appendix Transaction Details Issuer Name', 'Euronext Dublin London Stock Exchange Number', '00068973884TRLO0 London Stock Exchange Number', 'Numis Securities Ltd', 'Transaction Transaction reference number', 'Volume weighted average price', 'Euronext Dublin Number', 'Trading Venue Time', 'Cairn Homes Plc', '07:00 GMT', 'share buyback programme', 'Market Abuse Regulation', 'nil ordinary shares', 'total number', '100,000 Highest price', 'Lowest price', 'shares Price', 'The Company', 'one vote', 'EU) No', 'detailed breakdown', 'individual trades', 'Tara Grimley', 'EQS Group', 'Own Shares', 'Regulatory Announcement', '649,021,542 shares', 'CRN', 'BST', 'February', 'broker', 'purchases', 'part', '3 March', 'settlement', 'cancellation', 'right', 'treasury', 'accordance', 'Article', 'behalf', 'Contacts', 'GBP', 'XDUB', '00068958941TRLO0', '00068959569TRLO0', '00068960485TRLO0', '00068960678TRLO0', '00068960679TRLO0', '00068960682TRLO0', '00068960683TRLO0', '00068960684TRLO0', '00068960685TRLO0', '00068960887TRLO0', '00068960888TRLO0', '00068960889TRLO0', '00068963854TRLO0', '00068964027TRLO0', '00068964155TRLO0', '00068964166TRLO0', '00068965829TRLO0', '00068965830TRLO0', '00068965831TRLO0', '00068965834TRLO0', '00068966376TRLO0', '00068966378TRLO0', '00068967304TRLO0', '00068968906TRLO0', '00068968907TRLO0', '00068968908TRLO0', '00068969778TRLO0', '00068970174TRLO0', '00068970175TRLO0', '00068971898TRLO0', '00068972778TRLO0', '00068972779TRLO0', '00068972780TRLO0', '00068973882TRLO0', '00068973883TRLO0', 'XLON', '00068959568TRLO0', '00068959570TRLO0', '00068959571TRLO0', '00068960545TRLO0', '00068960546TRLO0', '00068960944TRLO0', '00068960945TRLO0', '00068964153TRLO0', '00068964154TRLO0', '00068965828TRLO0', '00068966252TRLO0', '00068966253TRLO0', '00068966254TRLO0', '00068968802TRLO0', '00068968803TRLO0', '00068968804TRLO0', '00068970141TRLO0', '00068970142TRLO0', '00068970767TRLO0', '00068970768TRLO0', '00068972321TRLO0', '00068974221TRLO0', 'Dissemination', 'content']",2024-02-23,2024-02-23,markets.businessinsider.com
36576,EuroNext,Bing API,https://uk.finance.yahoo.com/news/2023-universal-registration-document-made-173000632.html,2023 Universal Registration Document made available,Friday  February 23  2024 – 6.30 pm ARGAN's 2023 Universal Registration Document made available Argan informs the public that the 2023 Universal Registration Document was filed on Friday  February 23rd ,Documents made available – Friday  February 23  2024 – 6.30 pmARGAN's 2023Universal Registration Documentmade availableArgan informs the public that the 2023 Universal Registration Document was filed on Friday February 23rd  with the French financial markets authority (AMF) under number D.24-0065.The French version of the Universal Registration Document is thus available on the company's website (www.argan.fr) under the heading Investor Relations / Regulated Information / AMF Communication  as well as on the Autorité des Marchés Financiers’ website (www.amf-france.org).The translated English version should be made available by Friday  March 15th.Copies of the Universal Registration Document (French version) are also available free of charge at the company's headquarters.The Universal Registration Document includes the annual financial report  the Supervisory Board's report on corporate governance  the statutory auditors' reports and information on their fees.2024 financial calendar (Publication of the press release after closing of the stock exchange)March 21: General Assembly 2024April 2: Net sales of 1 st quarter 2024July 1: Net sales of 2 nd quarter 2024July 24: Half-year results 2024October 1: Net sales of 3rd quarter 20242025 financial calendar (Publication of the press release after closing of the stock exchange)January 3: Net sales of 4 th quarter 2024January 16: Annual results 2024March 20: General Assembly 2025About ARGANARGAN is the only French real estate company specializing in the DEVELOPMENT & RENTAL OF PREMIUM WAREHOUSES listed on EURONEXT and is the leading player of its market. Building on a unique client-tenant-centric approach  ARGAN builds pre-let PREMIUM warehouses for blue-chip clients and supports them throughout all project phases from the development milestones to the rental management.Profitability  tight control over our debt and sustainability are at the heart of ARGAN’s DNA. Its strongly proactive ESG policy has very concrete results with our Aut0nom® concept  the “in-use” Net Zero warehouse.As of today  our portfolio represents 3.6 million sq.m  across about a hundred warehouses  exclusively located in the continental part of France. This portfolio is valued €3.7 billion as at December 31  2023 for a yearly rental income of about €200 million in 2024.ARGAN is a listed real estate investment company (French SIIC)  on Compartment A of Euronext Paris (ISIN FR0010481960 - ARG) and is included in the Euronext SBF 120  CAC All-Share  EPRA Europe and IEIF SIIC France indices.www.argan.frStory continuesFrancis Albertinelli – CFOAymar de Germay – General SecretarySamy Bensaid – Head of Investor RelationsPhone: +33 1 47 47 47 40E-mail: contact@argan.frwww.argan.frMarlène Brisset – Media relationsPhone: +33 6 59 42 29 35E-mail: argan@citigatedewerogerson.comAttachment,neutral,0.02,0.98,0.0,positive,0.54,0.4,0.06,True,English,"['2023 Universal Registration Document', 'Autorité des Marchés Financiers’ website', 'real estate investment company', 'The Universal Registration Document', 'French financial markets authority', 'IEIF SIIC France indices', 'French real estate company', '2023 Universal Registration Document', ""statutory auditors' reports"", 'unique client-tenant-centric approach', 'proactive ESG policy', 'Aymar de Germay', 'Marlène Brisset', 'Net Zero warehouse', 'yearly rental income', 'annual financial report', 'French SIIC', 'French version', '2024 financial calendar', '2025 financial calendar', 'Annual results', 'Net sales', 'Investor Relations', 'English version', 'Supervisory Board', 'corporate governance', 'press release', 'stock exchange', 'General Assembly', '1 st quarter', '2 nd quarter', 'Half-year results', '3rd quarter', '4 th quarter', 'PREMIUM WAREHOUSES', 'leading player', 'blue-chip clients', 'project phases', 'rental management', 'tight control', 'concrete results', 'Aut0nom® concept', '3.6 million sq', 'hundred warehouses', 'continental part', 'EPRA Europe', 'Francis Albertinelli', 'General Secretary', 'Samy Bensaid', 'Media relations', 'Euronext Paris', 'Euronext SBF', 'Regulated Information', 'AMF Communication', 'development milestones', 'Documents', 'Friday', 'February', 'ARGAN', 'public', 'number', 'heading', 'amf-france', 'org', 'Copies', 'charge', 'headquarters', 'fees', 'closing', 'April', 'July', 'October', 'January', 'Profitability', 'debt', 'sustainability', 'heart', 'DNA', 'today', 'portfolio', 'December', 'Compartment', 'ISIN', 'CAC', 'Story', 'CFO', 'Phone', 'mail', 'citigatedewerogerson', 'Attachment', '6.30']",2024-02-23,2024-02-23,uk.finance.yahoo.com
