UID,Searchword,API,URL,Title,Summary,Article,Title_Sentiment,Title_Positive,Title_Neutral,Title_Negative,Article_Sentiment,Article_Positive,Article_Neutral,Article_Negative,Verified,Language,Topics,Date,Load_Date,Source
42661,Euroclear,NewsApi.org,https://www.nakedcapitalism.com/2024/06/dollar-doomsters-have-got-it-all-wrong.html,“Dollar Doomsters Have Got It All Wrong”,Why reports of the [imminent] death of the dollar are greatly exaggerated.,There’s been an odd failure to question the claims about the dollar being past its sell-by date date even as it trades at lofty levels  including relative to the Euro  renminbi  and rouble. For instance  the dollar is at .93 Euro  well above its 5 five-year low of .82 in January 2020  as in well before the US shock-and-awe sanctions against Russia and ring-leading an asset freeze (EU banks actually hold way more than US banks). As we will discuss below  a new column in the Financial Times describing how other data shows that the dollar’s position is still solid.We have repeatedly said that even though the dollar is destined to become less important over time by virtue of the US economy becoming a smaller percentage of global GDP. However  it took two world wars for the US to replace pound sterling as the dominant international currency  and that was with the US actively weakening the UK in how America went about assisting Britain’s military.In addition  many of the anti-globalists (and this includes some officials in BRICS states) are not helping themselves by wanting to create a new currency out of thin air  much like Athena emerging from Zeus’ forehead. But since World War II  only two currencies of any significance have been created  the euro and the SDR. The SDR is not a freely tradeable currency  is not used for trade transactions  and is not something private parties can invest in. The euro took three years of planning and eight years of execution to get off without a hitch. And this was far simpler than launching a de novo currency  since existing national currencies were being converted into the euro  and all the participants were subject to the same legal system. As one of a myriad of issues  it’s hard to see a new currency being implemented without the participants consenting to which legal system would apply. Agreeing to the jurisdiction of a non-home court system for transaction disputes would amount to ceding of sovereignity  when one of the points of the emerging multipolar system is to support more national autonomy.However  those seeking to escape the punitive use of the dollar do not need to create a new currency system to escape most US abuses of sanctions. Trade transactions represent only 1% to 3% of total dollar trades outside the US; the rest are for investments.These dollar refusniks need to be able to conduct trade transactions outside the dollar system. It has long been possible to do so  as witness that China was buying Russian oil using renminbi in 2015. It is particularly cumbersome  which means now it’s been occurring mainly for very large trade transactions.Notice that what Sergey Lavrov said on June 10 to a meeting of BRICS finance ministers is entirely consistent with having an aim of facilitating bi-lateral trade outside the dollar system  as opposed to creating a new currency. From RT:Lavrov said BRICS was “actively working to implement the decisions of the Johannesburg summit last year  particularly when it comes to improving the international monetary and financial system  developing a platform for settlements in national currencies in mutual trade.” He added that the bloc  which recently underwent a process of unprecedented expansion  is also looking to harmonize the framework of interaction between BRICS partners.“Harmonize the framework” is clearly not the establishment of a new legal system  but to get legal terms and procedures with in the BRICS states more in synch.To put it more bluntly  “new BRICS currency” crypto touts promoting their own schemes and their journalistic enablers are out over their skis.What about the investment side? The US has considerable advantages via incumbency and is thus set to remain the least dirty shirt in the laundry for some time:1. Liquidity. This is a scale advantage that is hard to reverse. That includes for professional traders significant depth in hedging instruments and strategies. The SEC regime for public securities  with its extensive disclosure requirements and regulations to curb insider trading and front running  is still best in class despite considerable creaks with age (such as not cracking down on HFT  which is basically predatory by adding liquidity when not needed and draining it when it is). 2. Established and reliable institutional procedures for clearing and settlement  including (critically) dispute resolution. Part of this is having well-settled legal precedents 3. Large range of investable assets. The US has an advantage here via having moved a lot of our lending out of banks and into capital markets (or more accurately  banks may still originate transactions and then securitize them). By contrast  most other major economies have much larger banks relative to GDP and smaller bond markets.I could make many additions to this list  but this suffices to make the point.Hence the conditions described in the Financial Times article  Dollar Doomsters Have Got It All Wrong  should not come as a complete surprise:The share of global central bank reserves held in dollars has declined in recent decades. Back in 2016  the currency made up more than 65 per cent of official reserves  according to data from the IMF. By the end of 2023  that had shrunk to 58.4 per cent. The amount held in Chinese renminbi at the start of 2016 was zero. Between the end of that year and 2023 it jumped 188 per cent. But while that sounds huge  it is still just a 2.3 per cent slice of the total. However  a recent blog from the New York Fed argues that the apparent pullback away from the dollar is not down to a global cooling on the buck. Instead  the shift is attributable to a small number of countries  including Switzerland  where a long-running effort to hold down the franc just over a decade ago led to a huge accumulation of euros. “Indeed  increasing US dollar shares from 2015 to 2021 were a feature of 31 of the 55 countries for which there are estimates ” economists at the New York Fed wrote in late May. “The decline in the dollar preferences of a small group of countries — notably China  India  Russia  and Turkey — and the large increase in the quantity of reserves held by Switzerland explain most of the decline in the aggregate dollar share of reserves.” Meanwhile  central banks globally have ramped up purchases of gold  in an apparent effort to avoid the risk of sanctions  since gold is not controlled by any national authority. Yet  as the New York Fed stresses  even after a rapid accumulation of gold in 2022 and 2023  the precious metal still accounts for a relatively modest 10 per cent of the global reserve total. Narratives about declining dollar shares and increasing roles for gold “inappropriately generalise the actions of a small group of countries”  it says. In fairness…gold holdings do appear poised to rise further. A survey of reserve managers by the Official Monetary and Financial Institutions Forum think-tank said despite record high gold prices and a taming in global inflation  for which gold is often seen as a hedge  reserve managers are keen to build up holdings of the metal. However  demand for the dollar remains extremely robust. This survey does not capture every country  but it does cover 73 central banks  with a combined stash of $5.4tn. Of them  OMFIF said a net 18 per cent expect to increase not decrease their allocation to the dollar  lured in by higher interest rates and a robust US economy. The euro is the next most popular currency on the wish list  suggesting reserve managers are keen to stick to the bigger  more liquid currencies.Now with the US determined to continue to behave badly  there is every reason for dollar worries  particularly among countries that are geopolitically significant and not solidly on Team Global Hegemon  to continue. However  a brake of sorts is the efforts of the financiers to stop the monumentally stoopid plan of seizing Russian assets. This might be an EU sacrifice too far  since as we mentioned above  far more of the frozen Russian assets are in Euros rather than dollar  exposing Eurozone institutions even more to blowback. Euroclear in particular is concerned it could be sued in jurisdictions where it operates  like Hong Kong  where courts would be more receptive to Russian arguments about the lack of a legal foundation for expropriation than in the Collective West.Mind you  the US is still arm-twisting at the current G-7  but protracted talks are generally signs of serious differences. From Al-Jazeera:US officials are trying to get European allies on board for a deal to present at the G7 leaders summit later this week on how to use the interest from Russian frozen assets to support war-torn Ukraine. But with the meeting in southern Italy starting on Thursday  discussions are still ongoing. Some European countries are not yet fully convinced over the United States-led proposal  diplomatic sources told Al Jazeera.Rome was not built in a day  and the same applies to a new currency regime. But the normal succession path  of the renminbi over time replacing the dollar due to China’s economic heft  is unlikely to happen even as soon as in a decade  with obstacles including China’s economic model of running persistent  large trade surpluses (which prevents meaningful accumulations of renminbi outside China) and China’s use of currency controls. So at this point  the most likely next regime is of fragmentation  of multiple major currencies used for trade and investment rather than a dominant currency. At the margin  it discourages trade since it forces importers and exporters to deal with more currencies  increasing their risks and forcing them to operate in a more financialized manner (witness the rise of Treasury as a profit center at pretty much all major multinationals).So this remains an unsettled area. Stay tuned.Update 5:45 AM EDT: As this post went live  the pink paper announced a deal of sorts about the Russian frozen assets. It is still awfully sketchy. The key bit is that it exploits only the income  and not the principal  of the frozen assets. Because reasons  Euroclear believes it has much stronger rights to that than the corpus. Recall again that even though this update describes the deal in dollar terms  it is the Europeans that are eating more of the risk than the US in this scheme. From the Financial Times:,negative,0.04,0.26,0.7,mixed,0.1,0.2,0.7,True,English,"['Dollar Doomsters', 'new BRICS currency” crypto touts', 'global central bank reserves', 'most other major economies', 'World War II', 'extensive disclosure requirements', 'de novo currency', 'home court system', 'emerging multipolar system', 'two world wars', 'BRICS finance ministers', 'most US abuses', 'dominant international currency', 'The SEC regime', 'new currency system', 'reliable institutional procedures', 'smaller bond markets', 'same legal system', 'Financial Times article', 'new legal system', 'existing national currencies', 'total dollar trades', 'large trade transactions', 'other data', 'financial system', 'two currencies', 'tradeable currency', 'new column', 'smaller percentage', 'global GDP', 'BRICS states', 'international monetary', 'BRICS partners', 'Large range', 'capital markets', 'legal terms', 'legal precedents', 'national autonomy', 'bi-lateral trade', 'mutual trade', 'dollar system', 'The US', 'odd failure', 'lofty levels', '5 five-year low', 'asset freeze', 'pound sterling', 'thin air', 'Zeus’ forehead', 'private parties', 'three years', 'eight years', 'transaction disputes', 'punitive use', 'Russian oil', 'Johannesburg summit', 'unprecedented expansion', 'journalistic enablers', 'investment side', 'considerable advantages', 'dirty shirt', 'professional traders', 'significant depth', 'hedging instruments', 'public securities', 'insider trading', 'front running', 'considerable creaks', 'dispute resolution', 'investable assets', 'many additions', 'complete surprise', 'recent decades', 'US shock', 'US economy', 'The SDR', 'EU banks', 'dollar refusniks', 'larger banks', 'Dollar Doomsters', 'awe sanctions', 'Sergey Lavrov', 'scale advantage', 'US banks', 'claims', 'date', 'Euro', 'renminbi', 'rouble', 'instance', 'January', 'way', 'position', 'virtue', 'UK', 'America', 'Britain', 'military', 'anti-globalists', 'officials', 'Athena', 'significance', 'something', 'planning', 'execution', 'hitch', 'participants', 'myriad', 'issues', 'jurisdiction', 'ceding', 'sovereignity', 'points', 'rest', 'investments', 'witness', 'China', 'Notice', 'June', 'meeting', 'decisions', 'platform', 'settlements', 'bloc', 'process', 'framework', 'interaction', 'establishment', 'synch', 'schemes', 'skis', 'incumbency', 'laundry', 'Liquidity', 'strategies', 'regulations', 'class', 'HFT', 'clearing', 'lot', 'lending', 'contrast', 'conditions', 'share', 'dollars']",2024-06-13,2024-06-14,nakedcapitalism.com
42662,Euroclear,NewsApi.org,https://www.npr.org/2024/06/13/nx-s1-5001925/russia-frozen-assets-ukraine-g7,G7 agrees to loan Ukraine $50 billion from the interest on frozen Russian assets,G7 leaders are meeting in Puglia  Italy  this week. At the top of their agenda: the tricky details of how to use frozen Russian assets to support Ukraine.,G7 agrees to loan Ukraine $50 billion from the interest on frozen Russian assetstoggle caption Ludovic Marin/AFP/Getty ImagesWestern leaders have agreed to loan Ukraine up to $50 billion to fight Russia and rebuild after the lengthy war  money that will be repaid over time from the interest accumulating on frozen Russian financial assets  a senior U.S. official told reporters.G7 leaders are still working out the details of exactly how and when to distribute the money. The negotiations have been at the top of the agenda for the G7 leaders’ summit in Puglia  Italy.What are the frozen Russian assets and how much are they worth?When Russia invaded Ukraine in 2022  Western governments froze about $300 billion in Russian assets — including money  securities  gold and bonds — held mainly in banks in Europe.Leaders of the G7 economies have agreed to use the interest generated by the assets — about $3 billion per year — to help Ukraine.When will Ukraine get the loan?Some of the details are still being worked out. The United States and European countries have different proposals for distributing the money.Scheherazade Rehman  a professor of international finance at George Washington University  explained it in simple terms.“The Europeans would like to transfer them to Ukraine yearly or every two years  so spread it out. The Americans  however  want to find a way to get this money very quickly to Ukraine all at once ” Rehman said.The European proposal had been for about $3 billion a year go to Ukraine  and only interest from a certain part of the frozen Russian assets — $190 billion held by a company called Euroclear in Belgium — to be shared.The U.S.  on the other hand  wanted to give $60 billion to Ukraine up front  because Ukraine’s need on the battlefield is dire. Officials had said the interest generated from the frozen Russian assets would go toward paying back that money.Rehman said Washington has the weaker hand in the debate because only about $5 billion of the $300 billion in Russian assets are held in the United States — and European nations are concerned about how they would be paid back for a big initial lump sum.toggle caption Anatolii Stepanov/AFP via Getty Images/AFPThe agreement will likely be some sort of compromise between the European and U.S. proposals. But Rehman said recent elections in countries like France and Germany may also affect discussions.“Europeans really have to get their act together at this G7 meeting because they’re on shaky ground just because of the European parliamentary elections that just took place where the hard right has now got a historic toehold ” she said.“The Europeans are coming into this with very different footing than if this was 10 days ago.”,neutral,0.07,0.85,0.08,negative,0.03,0.28,0.69,True,English,"['Russian assets', 'G7', 'Ukraine', 'interest', 'frozen', 'big initial lump sum', 'senior U.S. official', 'frozen Russian financial assets', 'U.S. proposals', 'The U.S.', 'frozen Russian assets', 'George Washington University', 'European parliamentary elections', 'The United States', 'G7 leaders’ summit', 'different proposals', 'recent elections', 'The Americans', 'The Europeans', 'Ludovic Marin', 'AFP/Getty Images', 'Western leaders', 'lengthy war', 'Western governments', 'G7 economies', 'international finance', 'simple terms', 'European proposal', 'other hand', 'weaker hand', 'European nations', 'Anatolii Stepanov/AFP', 'Getty Images/AFP', 'G7 meeting', 'shaky ground', 'hard right', 'historic toehold', 'different footing', 'European countries', 'Scheherazade Rehman', 'Ukraine', 'interest', 'caption', 'money', 'time', 'reporters', 'details', 'negotiations', 'top', 'agenda', 'Puglia', 'Italy', 'securities', 'gold', 'bonds', 'banks', 'year', 'loan', 'professor', 'way', 'part', 'company', 'Belgium', 'need', 'battlefield', 'Officials', 'debate', 'agreement', 'sort', 'compromise', 'France', 'Germany', 'discussions', 'act', 'place']",2024-06-13,2024-06-14,npr.org
42663,Euroclear,NewsApi.org,https://www.yahoo.com/news/g7-backs-using-frozen-russian-150440930.html,G7 backs using frozen Russian assets to support Ukraine,The G7 summit began on Thursday with an agreement to lend Ukraine $50 billion using money generated from frozen Russian state assets  in a major show of...,"(L-R) Germany's Chancellor Olaf Scholz  Canada's Prime Minister Justin Trudeau  France's President Emmanuel Macron  Italy's Prime Minister Giorgia Meloni  US President Joe Biden  Japan's Prime Minister Fumio Kishida  and British Prime Minister Rishi Sunak  stand for a family photo during the G7 summit. Michael Kappeler/dpaThe G7 summit began on Thursday with an agreement to lend Ukraine $50 billion using money generated from frozen Russian state assets  in a major show of support for Kiev.The war in Europe was commanding the attention of Group of Seven leaders meeting for a three-day summit in southern Italy  with Ukrainian President Volodymyr Zelensky participating.After being welcomed by Italian Prime Minister Giorgia Meloni  Zelensky met with the other leaders for a working session.Leaders said that after months of negotiations an agreement had been reached on the large loan package. Kiev is set to use the money to strengthen its defence  pay for the reconstruction of infrastructure and fund the state budget.Financing: the devil is in the detailsPlanning for the structure of the loan package has been under way for some time. The United States had originally campaigned in favour of collecting not only the interest income  but also the frozen assets themselves and using them to provide financial support to Kiev.The US government says around $280 billion of Russian central bank money has been immobilized in Western countries due to sanctions imposed since the full-scale Russian attack on Ukraine more than two years ago. The bulk of the Russian money is within the European Union.The Brussels-based financial institution Euroclear - by far the largest holder in the EU of frozen Russian central bank assets - recently said that it had collected around €4.4 billion ($4.7 billion) in interest in 2023.But some European capitals had major reservations about using both the principle and the interest  resulting in the compromise in which the interest is used as collateral to pay off the loan.The bloc's member states recently approved the use of interest income generated from Russian state assets to finance aid for Ukraine.US steps in in case politics changes the loan pictureOne of thorny issues is who would bear the credit risks if the EU sanctions on the assets could not be extended  for instance due to the veto of a member state. That would mean that the interest could no longer be used to pay off the loan.On Thursday the US declared its willingness to bear the main burden of the multibillion-dollar loan  a high-ranking US government representative said on the sidelines of the summit  where the finance ministers of the seven advanced industrialized democracies - Britain  Canada  France  Germany  Italy  Japan and the United States - hammered out the details.The US is willing to provide up to $50 billion  or the total amount of the loan to Kiev - the US official said.However  he emphasized: ""We will not be the only lenders."" Others would also participate. The risk would be shared  as would the will to get the project off the ground. He did not provide any specific details. However  he signalled that the sum could end up being even higher.The US government representative stressed that the loan would be financed from Russian funds in any case. And if there was peace  Russia would have to pay reparations for the damage it had caused  he said  which would be used to repay the loan.Putting up a united front important to the G7""We remain determined to dispel any false notion that time is on Russia’s side  that destroying infrastructure and livelihoods has no consequences for Russia  or that Russia can prevail by causing Ukraine to fail economically "" the summit's draft final declaration said.At the summit  British Prime Minister Rishi Sunak announced another £242 million ($309 million) in bilateral assistance to Ukraine.London also issued 50 more sanctions targeting Russia's financial system and suppliers for Russian military supply chains. The United States issued several hundred new sanctions on Wednesday.US President Joe Biden and Zelensky will also sign a bilateral security agreement between the United States and Ukraine on the sidelines of the G7  the White House has said. Kiev has struck similar commitments with 15 countries  including Britain  France and Germany.Besides Zelensky  the leaders of Turkey  Brazil and India will also be attending the Italy talks. Pope Francis will be the first pontiff to take part in a G7 summit  after he was invited to address the risks posed by artificial intelligence.The war in Gaza and tensions with China are also set to feature high on the agenda at the 28-villa luxury Borgo Egnazia resort  located to the south-east of the city of Bari in southern Italy's Apulia region. The hotel has previously played host to international celebrities such as Madonna  Justin Timberlake and the Beckhams.International crises were not the only elements at play in ItalyThis could be Biden's final G7 summit  coming five months before he faces his predecessor and right-wing Republican rival Donald Trump in a US presidential contest that has Washington's allies on edge.European leaders are under domestic political pressure  too.French President Emmanuel Macron and German Chancellor Olaf Scholz will arrive after far-right parties made big gains in last weekend's European Parliament elections  raising questions about their countries' political environments.And  after 14 years of Conservative government in Britain  Sunak is expected to suffer a stinging defeat to the opposition Labour Party in the July 4 general election.(L-R) President of the EU Council Charles Michel  Germany's Chancellor Olaf Scholz  Canada's Prime Minister Justin Trudeau  France's President Emmanuel Macron  Italy's Prime Minister Giorgia Meloni  US President Joe Biden  Japan's Prime Minister Fumio Kishida  British Prime Minister Rishi Sunak  and President of the European Commission Ursula von der Leyen  stand for a family photo during the G7 summit. Michael Kappeler/dpa",neutral,0.24,0.66,0.1,negative,0.03,0.32,0.64,True,English,"['frozen Russian assets', 'G7', 'Ukraine', '28-villa luxury Borgo Egnazia resort', 'British Prime Minister Rishi Sunak', 'Italian Prime Minister Giorgia Meloni', 'Prime Minister Fumio Kishida', 'Prime Minister Justin Trudeau', 'Russian military supply chains', 'seven advanced industrialized democracies', 'several hundred new sanctions', 'Russian central bank assets', 'Ukrainian President Volodymyr Zelensky', 'US President Joe Biden', 'high-ranking US government representative', 'Russian central bank money', 'President Emmanuel Macron', 'full-scale Russian attack', 'Chancellor Olaf Scholz', 'draft final declaration', 'Brussels-based financial institution', 'Russian state assets', 'The United States', 'bilateral security agreement', 'final G7 summit', 'large loan package', 'The G7 summit', 'The US', 'Russian money', 'Russian funds', 'Justin Timberlake', 'US steps', 'US official', 'Seven leaders', 'state budget', 'member state', 'bilateral assistance', 'united front', 'financial system', 'family photo', 'Michael Kappeler', 'major show', 'working session', 'European Union', 'largest holder', 'European capitals', 'major reservations', 'thorny issues', 'main burden', 'finance ministers', 'total amount', 'false notion', 'White House', 'similar commitments', 'Pope Francis', 'first pontiff', 'artificial intelligence', 'Apulia region', 'international celebrities', 'International crises', 'three-day summit', 'financial support', 'loan picture', 'multibillion-dollar loan', 'southern Italy', 'other leaders', 'Western countries', 'credit risks', 'EU sanctions', 'Italy talks', 'interest income', 'specific details', '15 countries', 'Germany', 'Canada', 'France', 'Japan', 'dpa', 'Thursday', 'Ukraine', 'Kiev', 'war', 'attention', 'Group', 'months', 'negotiations', 'defence', 'reconstruction', 'infrastructure', 'Financing', 'devil', 'Planning', 'way', 'time', 'favour', 'bulk', 'Euroclear', 'principle', 'compromise', 'collateral', 'bloc', 'aid', 'case', 'politics', 'instance', 'veto', 'willingness', 'sidelines', 'Britain', 'lenders', 'Others', 'project', 'ground', 'peace', 'reparations', 'damage', 'livelihoods', 'consequences', 'London', 'suppliers', 'Wednesday', 'Turkey', 'Brazil', 'India', 'part', 'Gaza', 'tensions', 'China', 'agenda', 'city', 'Bari', 'hotel', 'host', 'Madonna', 'Beckhams', 'elements', 'play', 'predecessor', 'right-wing', '50']",2024-06-13,2024-06-14,yahoo.com
42664,Euroclear,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/KEMPOWER-OYJ-130269471/news/Kempower-Oyj-Notice-of-Kempower-Corporation-s-Extraordinary-General-Meeting-46968284/,Kempower Oyj : Notice of Kempower Corporation's Extraordinary General Meeting,(marketscreener.com)      English   Finnish                   ...https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/KEMPOWER-OYJ-130269471/news/Kempower-Oyj-Notice-of-Kempower-Corporation-s-Extraordinary-General-Meeting-46968284/?utm_medium=…,Notice of Kempower Corporation's Extraordinary General Meeting 13.6.2024 18:00:00 EEST | Kempower Oyj | Notice to general meeting Kempower Corporation  Stock Exchange Release  June 13  2024  at 18.00 EEST Notice of Kempower Corporation's Extraordinary General Meeting Notice is given to the shareholders of Kempower Corporation of the Extraordinary General Meeting to be held on 8 July 2024 at 10 hours (EEST). The General Meeting will be held without a meeting venue using a remote connection in real-time in accordance with Section 10 of the Articles of Association of the company and Chapter 5  Section 16  Subsection 3 of the Finnish Limited Liability Companies Act. Instructions for participation are set out in Part C of this notice of the General Meeting. Shareholders can also exercise their voting rights by voting in advance. Instructions for advance voting are set out in Part C of this notice of the General Meeting. Prior to the meeting  shareholders may also submit questions referred to in Chapter 5  Section 25 of the Finnish Limited Liability Companies Act in writing on matters to be considered at the meeting. Instructions on how to submit written questions are set out in Part C of this notice of the General Meeting. A. Matters on the agenda of the Extraordinary General Meeting At the Extraordinary General Meeting  the following matters will be considered: 1. Opening of the meeting 2. Calling the meeting to order 3. Election of persons to scrutinize the minutes and to supervise the counting of votes 4. Recording the legality of the meeting 5. Recording the attendance at the meeting and adoption of the list of votes 6. Resolution on the number of members of the Board of Directors The Remuneration and Nomination Committee of the Board of Directors proposes to the General Meeting that the number of members of the Board of Directors is confirmed to be seven (7)  i.e. the number is increased by one member from the current six (6) members. 7. Election of a member of the Board of Directors The Remuneration and Nomination Committee of the Board of Directors proposes to the General Meeting that Barbara Thierart-Perrin is elected as a new member of the Board of Directors for a term starting from the conclusion of the Extraordinary General Meeting and ending at the conclusion of the next Annual General Meeting. The member of the Board of Directors to be elected will be paid the annual remuneration payable to a member of the Board of Directors in accordance with the resolution of the Annual General Meeting held on 27 March 2024 in proportion to the duration of his or her term. The above-mentioned candidate has given her consent to the election. The CV and independence assessment of the candidate are available on the company's website at https://investors.kempower.com/governance/general-meeting/ at the latest 17 June 2024. The current members and the Chair and Vice Chair of the Board of Directors will continue in their positions until the conclusion of the next Annual General Meeting. 8. Proposal by the Board of Directors to amend the Articles of Association The Board of Directors proposes to the General Meeting that the Articles of Association are amended in such a way that sections 12 § Notification on the Change of Holdings and 13 § Obligation to Make a Tender Offer are deleted in their entirety. According to section 12 of the Articles of Association  section 12 ceases to apply in its entirety in the event that the Finnish Securities Markets Act is amended in such a way that the obligation to notify major holdings and share of votes applies in addition to the regulated market also in the multilateral trading facility defined in Chapter 2  Section 9 of the Finnish Securities Markets Act  or the shares of the company are admitted to trading on a regulated market as referred to in Chapter 2  Section 5 of the Finnish Securities Markets Act. Thereafter  an obligation to notify major holdings and share of votes shall be determined in accordance with Chapter 9 of the Finnish Securities Markets Act. According to section 13 of the Articles of Association  section 13 ceases to apply in its entirety in the event that the Finnish Securities Markets Act is amended in such a way that the procedure for a public offer and an obligation to make an offer applies in addition to the regulated market also in the multilateral trading facility defined in Chapter 2  Section 9 of the Finnish Securities Markets Act  or the shares of the company are admitted to trading on a regulated market as referred to in Chapter 2  Section 5 of the Finnish Securities Markets Act. Thereafter  the procedure for a public offer and an obligation to make an offer shall be determined in accordance with Chapter 11 of the Finnish Securities Markets Act. Sections 12 and 13 of the Articles of Association have ceased to apply due to both an amendment of the Finnish Securities Markets Act (746/2012  as amended) and the shares of the company being admitted to trading on the regulated market. Therefore  these sections are proposed to be deleted from the Articles of Association. 9. Closing of the meeting B. Documents of the General Meeting This notice of the Extraordinary General Meeting which includes all proposals for the resolutions on the matters on the agenda of the Extraordinary General Meeting is available on Kempower Corporation's website at https://investors.kempower.com/governance/general-meeting/. The notice including the proposals for the resolutions will also be on view at the Extraordinary General Meeting. The minutes of the Extraordinary General Meeting will be available on the above-mentioned website no later than 22 July 2024. C. Instructions for the participants in the General Meeting 1. Shareholders registered in the shareholders' register Each shareholder  who is registered on the record date of the General Meeting 26 June 2024 in the shareholders' register of the company held by Euroclear Finland Oy  has the right to participate in the General Meeting. A shareholder  whose shares are registered on his or her personal Finnish book-entry account  is registered in the shareholders' register of the company. Changes in shareholding after the record date do not affect the right to participate in the General Meeting or the number of votes of the shareholder. The registration period for the General Meeting commences on 17 June 2024 at 14.00 hours (EEST). A shareholder who is registered in the shareholders' register of the company and wishes to participate in the General Meeting shall register for the meeting no later than 3 July 2024 at 10.00 hours (EEST)  by which time the registration must be received. A shareholder can register for the General Meeting: via the company's website at https://investors.kempower.com/governance/general-meeting/ . Electronic registration requires strong identification of the shareholder or their legal representative or proxy with a Finnish  Swedish or Danish bank ID  or a mobile certificate; shareholders registering by mail or e-mail shall submit the registration form and advance voting form available on the company's website https://investors.kempower.com/governance/general-meeting/ starting from 17 June 2024 at 14.00 hours (EEST) or equivalent information to Innovatics Oy by mail to Innovatics Oy  General Meeting / Kempower Corporation  Ratamestarinkatu 13 A  FI-00520 Helsinki  Finland or by e-mail to egm@innovatics.fi . When registering  please provide the required information  such as the shareholder's name  date of birth or business ID  contact details  the name of any assistant or proxy  and the proxy's date of birth. The personal data provided by shareholders to Kempower Corporation or Innovatics Oy will only be used in connection with the General Meeting and the processing of the necessary registrations related thereto. Further information on registration and advance voting is available by telephone during the registration period of the General Meeting by calling Innovatics Oy at +358 10 2818 909 on weekdays from 9.00 hours (EEST) to 12.00 hours (EEST) and from 13.00 hours (EEST) to 16.00 hours (EEST). 2. Holders of nominee registered shares A holder of nominee registered shares has the right to participate in the General Meeting by virtue of such shares  based on which he or she would be entitled to be registered in the shareholders' register held by Euroclear Finland Oy on the record date of the General Meeting 26 June 2024. The right to participate in the General Meeting requires in addition that the shareholder on the basis of such shares has been temporarily registered into the shareholders' register held by Euroclear Finland Oy at the latest by 3 July 2024 by 10.00 hours (EEST). As regards nominee registered shares  this constitutes due registration for the General Meeting. Changes in shareholding after the record date of the General Meeting do not affect the right to participate in the General Meeting or the number of votes of the shareholder. A holder of nominee registered shares is advised to request without delay the necessary instructions regarding the temporary registration in the shareholder's register  issuing of proxy documents and voting instructions  registration for and attendance at the General Meeting as well as advance voting if necessary  from his or her custodian bank. The account manager of the custodian bank shall temporarily register the holder of nominee registered shares  who wants to participate in the General Meeting  into the shareholders' register of the company at the latest by the time stated above and  if necessary  arrange for advance voting on behalf of the holder of nominee registered shares before the end of the registration period for holders of nominee registered shares. Further information is also available on the company's website at https://investors.kempower.com/governance/general-meeting/. 3. Proxy representatives and powers of attorney Shareholders may participate in the General Meeting and exercise their rights at the meeting by way of proxy representation. A shareholder's proxy may also vote in advance as described in this notice if he or she so wishes. The proxy representative must authenticate to the electronic registration service and advance voting personally with strong authentication  after which he or she will be able to register and vote in advance on behalf of the shareholder that he or she represents. The shareholder's proxy must present dated proxy documents  or otherwise in a reliable manner prove that he or she is entitled to represent the shareholder at the General Meeting. It is possible to prove the right to representation by using the suomi.fi e-Authorizations service available in the electronic registration service. A model proxy document and voting instructions are available on the company's website https://investors.kempower.com/governance/general-meeting/ starting from 17 June 2024 at 14.00 hours (EEST). If a shareholder participates in the General Meeting through several proxies representing the shareholder with shares held in different securities accounts  the shares on the basis of which each proxy represents the shareholder shall be identified in connection with the registration. Any proxy documents are requested to be submitted preferably as an attachment with the electronic registration or alternatively by mail to Innovatics Oy  General Meeting / Kempower Corporation  Ratamestarinkatu 13 A  FI-00520 Helsinki  Finland or by e-mail to egm@innovatics.fi before the end of the registration period. In addition to submitting the proxy documents  the shareholder or his or her proxy shall register for the General Meeting in a manner described above in this notice. 4. Advance voting A shareholder whose shares in the company are registered in his or her personal Finnish book-entry account may vote in advance between 17 June 2024 at 14.00 hours (EEST) and 3 July 2024 at 10.00 hours (EEST) on items 6  7 and 8 on the agenda via the company's website at https://investors.kempower.com/governance/general-meeting/ .Login to the service is done in the same way as for registration in Part C.1. of this notice. by mail or by e-mail by submitting the advance voting form available on the company's website starting from 17 June 2024 at 14.00 hours (EEST) or equivalent information to Innovatics Oy at Innovatics Oy  General Meeting / Kempower Corporation  Ratamestarinkatu 13 A  FI-00520 Helsinki  Finland or by e-mail to egm@innovatics.fi . Advance votes must be received by the time the advance voting ends. The submission of votes in this way before the end of the registration and advance voting period shall be considered as registration for the General Meeting  provided that it contains the abovementioned information required for registration. A shareholder who has voted in advance cannot exercise the right to ask questions during the meeting or demand a vote under the Finnish Limited Liability Companies Act unless he or she attends the General Meeting by using the remote connection personally or by proxy. With respect to holders of nominee registered shares  the advance voting is carried out by the account manager. The account manager may vote in advance on behalf of the holders of nominee registered shares whom he or she represents in accordance with the voting instructions given by them during the registration period set for the holders of nominee registered shares. Proposals for resolutions that are subject to the advance voting are deemed to have been made without any changes at the General Meeting. The conditions and other instructions of the electronic advance voting are available on the company's website at https://investors.kempower.com/governance/general-meeting/. 5. Instructions for participation Shareholders entitled to attend the General Meeting will participate in the meeting and exercise their rights during the meeting fully and in real-time via remote access. The remote access to the General Meeting will be provided through Inderes' virtual general meeting service on the Videosync platform  which includes video and audio access to the General Meeting. Using the remote access does not require any paid software or downloads. In addition to an internet connection  participation requires a computer  smartphone or tablet with speakers or headphones for sound and a microphone for asking oral questions or addressing the meeting. One of the following browsers is recommended for participation: Chrome  Firefox  Edge  Safari  or Opera. It is advisable to log into the meeting system well in advance of the meeting. The participation link and password for remote participation will be sent by e-mail and/or SMS to the e-mail address and/or mobile phone number provided in connection with the registration to all who have registered for the General Meeting no later than the day before the General Meeting. Shareholders who have voted in advance can also participate in the General Meeting via remote access if they so wish. The votes cast by advance voters will be taken into account in the decision making of the General Meeting  regardless of whether they participate in the General Meeting remotely or not. If they participate remotely  they will be able to change their advance votes during the meeting if they so wish  should a vote take place. More information on the general meeting service  additional instructions for proxies representing more than one shareholder  contact details of the service provider and instructions in case of possible disruptions can be found here: https://vagm.fi/support . A link to test the compatibility of the computer  smartphone or tablet with the network connection can be found here: https://demo.videosync.fi/agm-compatibility?language=en. It is recommended to read the detailed participation instructions before the meeting. 6. Other instructions and information The language of the meeting is Finnish. English presentation material may also be used in the meeting. Shareholders present at the General Meeting have the right to ask questions about the matters to be considered at the meeting in accordance with Chapter 5  Section 25 of the Finnish Limited Liability Companies Act. Shareholders may also submit questions referred to in Chapter 5  Section 25 of the Finnish Limited Liability Companies Act about matters to be considered at the meeting until 3 July 2024 at 10.00 hours (EEST) in connection with the electronic registration or by e-mail to yhtiokokous@kempower.com. The management of the company will answer such questions submitted in writing in advance at the General Meeting. When asking the question  the shareholder must provide sufficient evidence of his or her shareholding. On the date of the notice to the meeting 13 June 2024  Kempower Corporation has a total of 55.542.920 shares representing as many votes. The company holds on 13 June 2024 directly a total of 269.224 of its own shares which are not entitled to vote at the General Meeting. In Lahti 13th June 2024 KEMPOWER CORPORATION THE BOARD OF DIRECTORS,neutral,0.06,0.93,0.01,neutral,0.03,0.94,0.04,True,English,"['Extraordinary General Meeting', 'Kempower Oyj', 'Kempower Corporation', 'Notice', 'Finnish Limited Liability Companies Act', 'Finnish Securities Markets Act', 'next Annual General Meeting', 'Extraordinary General Meeting Notice', 'Stock Exchange Release', 'multilateral trading facility', 'The General Meeting', 'current six (6) members', 'annual remuneration', 'The Remuneration', 'meeting venue', 'current members', 'remote connection', 'Part C', 'voting rights', 'Nomination Committee', 'Barbara Thierart-Perrin', 'independence assessment', 'Kempower Corporation', 'Kempower Oyj', 'A. Matters', 'following matters', 'major holdings', 'Tender Offer', 'regulated market', 'public offer', 'advance voting', 'written questions', 'latest 17 June', 'Vice Chair', 'one member', 'new member', '18.00 EEST Notice', 'shareholders', '8 July', '10 hours', 'real-time', 'accordance', 'Section', 'Articles', 'Association', 'company', 'Chapter', 'Instructions', 'participation', 'agenda', 'Opening', 'Election', 'persons', 'minutes', 'counting', 'votes', 'legality', 'attendance', 'adoption', 'list', 'Resolution', 'number', 'Board', 'Directors', 'term', 'conclusion', '27 March', 'proportion', 'duration', 'candidate', 'consent', 'CV', 'website', 'investors', 'governance', 'general-meeting', 'positions', 'Proposal', 'way', 'Notification', '13 § Obligation', 'entirety', 'event', 'addition', 'shares', 'procedure', 'amendment', 'Closi']",2024-06-13,2024-06-14,marketscreener.com
42665,Euroclear,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/AFC-ENERGY-PLC-4006915/news/AFC-Energy-Notice-of-EGM-2024-46964898/,AFC Energy : Notice of EGM 2024,(marketscreener.com)   THIS DOCUMENT IS IMPORTANT AND REQUIRES YOUR IMMEDIATE ATTENTION.   If you are in any doubt about the contents of this document  or the action you should take  you are recommended to seek your own personal financial advice immediat…,"THIS DOCUMENT IS IMPORTANT AND REQUIRES YOUR IMMEDIATE ATTENTION. If you are in any doubt about the contents of this document  or the action you should take  you are recommended to seek your own personal financial advice immediately from your stockbroker  bank manager  solicitor  accountant or other independent financial adviser authorised under the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 (as amended) (""FSMA"") if you are resident inthe United Kingdom or  if not  from another appropriately authorised independent financial adviser. The Company accepts responsibility for the information contained in this document. To the best of the knowledge of the Company (which has taken all reasonable care to ensure that such is the case) the information contained in this document is in accordance with the facts and does not omit anything likely to affect the import of such information. The whole of this document should be read. If you have sold or transferred all of your Ordinary Shares  please send this document and the accompanying Form of Proxy as soon as possible to the purchaser or transferee or to the stockbroker  bank or other agent through whom the sale or transfer was effected for onward transmission to the purchaser or transferee. Such documents should  however  not be forwarded to or transmitted into any jurisdiction outside of the United Kingdom (including the United States or any other Restricted Jurisdiction) if to do so would constitute a violation of the relevant law and/or regulations of such jurisdiction. Any failure to comply with such restriction may constitute a violation of the securities laws of any such jurisdiction. If you have sold or transferred only part of your holding of Ordinary Shares  please contact your stockbroker  bank or other agent through whom the sale or transfer was effected immediately. This document does not constitute an offer to buy  acquire or subscribe for (or the solicitation of an offer to buy  acquire or subscribe for) Ordinary Shares. This document does not contain an offer of transferrable securities within the meaning of section 102B of FSMA and does not constitute a prospectus within the meaning of section 85 of FSMA. Accordingly  this document has not been  and will not be  reviewed or approved by the FCA  the London Stock Exchange or any other authority or regulatory body. In addition  this document does not constitute an admission document drawn up in accordance with the AIM Rules. AFC ENERGY PLC (incorporated and registered in England and Wales with registered number 05668788) Proposed Placing of 91 279 000 Placing Shares at 15 pence per Placing Share Proposed Subscription of 666 666 Subscription Shares at 15 pence per Subscription Share Proposed REX Retail Offer of up to 13 333 333 REX Retail Offer Shares at 15 pence per REX Retail Offer Share and Notice of General Meeting Application has been made for the Firm Fundraising Shares being issued pursuant to the Firm Fundraising to be admitted to trading on AIM  with dealings expected to commence on13 June 2024. In due course application is expected to be made for the Conditional Fundraising Shares expected to be issued pursuant to the Conditional Fundraising to be admitted to trading on AIM and  on the assumption that  inter alia  the Fundraising Resolutions are passed  dealings in Conditional Fundraising Shares are expected to commence on 1 July 2024. Each of the Fundraising Shares will rank pari passu in all respects with the Existing Ordinary Shares  including the right to receive all dividends and other distributions declared  made or paid on or after the date on which theyare used or transferred (as appropriate). AIM-­‐traded securities are not admitted to the Official List of the UK Financial Conduct Authority. Neither the London Stock Exchange nor the UK Financial Conduct Authority has examined or approved the contents of this document. You are recommended to read the whole of this document but your attention is drawn to the letter from the Chairman of the Company  which is set out on pages12 to 18 of this document and which provides details of the Fundraising and recommends you to vote in favour of the Resolutions to be proposed at the General Meeting. Notice of a General Meeting of AFC Energy plc to be held at the offices of Peel Hunt LLP  7th Floor  100 Liverpool Street  London EC2M 2AT at 11.00 a.m. on 28 June 2024 is set out at the end of this document. The accompanying Form of Proxy for use in connection with the General Meeting should be completed by Shareholders and returned as soon as possible but  in any event  so as to be received by Computershare Investor Services plc by no later than 11.00 a.m. on 26 June 2024 (or  in the case of an adjournment of the General Meeting  not later than 48 hours (excluding any part of a day that is not a working day) before the time fixed for the holding of the adjourned meeting). The completion and return of a Form ofProxy will not preclude Shareholders from attending and voting at the General Meeting should they so wish.Shareholders can also vote online by visiting www.investorcentre.co.uk/eproxy. To access the service  Shareholders will need the Control Number  their Shareholder Reference Number (SRN) and Personal Identification Number (PIN). These are shown on the Form of Proxy or the email notification of this document (for Shareholders with whom the Company communicates electronically). Peel Hunt and Zeus are each authorised and regulated in the United Kingdom by the Financial Conduct Authority. Each of Peel Hunt and Zeus is acting for the Company and for no one else in connection with the matters described in this document. Neither of Peel Hunt or Zeus will regard any other person as its client in relation to the Fundraising  the content of this document or any other matters described in this document and will not be responsible to anyone (including any investors procured by Peel Hunt or Zeus to subscribe for Placing Shares) other than the Company for providing the protections afforded to its clients  or for providing advice to any other person in relation to the arrangements described in this document.The responsibility of Peel Hunt  as the Company's nominated adviser  is owed solely to the London Stock Exchange and is not owed to the Company or the Directors or any other person. Apart from the responsibilities and liabilities  if any  which may be imposed onPeel Hunt and/or Zeus by the FSMA or the regulatory regime established thereunder or the AIM Rules  Peel Hunt and Zeus do not accept any responsibility whatsoever for the contents of this document  including its accuracy  completeness or verification or for any other statement made or purported to be made by it  or on its behalf  in connection with the Company  the New Ordinary Shares  the Fundraise or Admission. Peel Hunt and Zeus accordingly disclaim all and any liability whether arising in tort  contract or otherwise (save as referred to above) in respect of this document or any such statement. However  nothing in this document shall be effective to limit or exclude liability for fraud or which cannot otherwise  by law or regulation  be so limited or excluded. The release  publication or distribution of this document into certain jurisdictions may be restricted by law  and any persons into whose possession this document comes should therefore inform themselves about and observe any applicable restrictions or requirements. No action has beentaken by the Company or the Joint Bookrunners that would permit possession or distribution of this document in any jurisdiction where action for that purpose is required. Any failure to comply with any such restrictions or requirements may constitute a violation of the securities laws of any such jurisdiction. The New Ordinary Shares have not been  nor will they be  registered under the United States Securities Act of 1933  as amended  (the ""U.S. Securities Act"") and may not be offered  sold or delivered in  into or from the United States except pursuant to an exemption from  or in a transaction not subject to  the registration requirements of the U.S. Securities Act. Subject to certain exemptions  this document does not constitute an offer of Ordinary Shares to any person with a registered address  or who is resident in  the United States. There will be no public offer in the United States. Outside of the United States  the New Ordinary Shares are being offered in reliance on Regulation S under the U.S. Securities Act. The New Ordinary Shares will not qualify for distribution under the relevant securities laws of Australia  Canada  the Republic of South Africa or Japan  nor has any prospectus in relation to the New Ordinary Shares been lodged with  or registered by  the Australian Securities and Investments Commission or the Japanese Ministry of Finance or any securities commission or 2other regulatory body in Canada or the Republic of South Africa. Accordingly  subject to certain exemptions  the New Ordinary Shares may not be offered  sold  taken up  delivered or transferred in  into or from the United States  Australia  Canada  the Republic of South Africa  Japan or any other jurisdiction where to do so would constitute a breach of local securities laws or regulations (each a ""Restricted Jurisdiction"") or to or for the account or benefit of any national  resident or citizen of a Restricted Jurisdiction. This document does not constitute an offer to issue or sell  or the solicitation of an offer to subscribe for or purchase  any Ordinary Shares to any person in a Restricted Jurisdiction and is not for distribution in  into or from a Restricted Jurisdiction. The New Ordinary Shares have not been approved or disapproved by the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission  or any other securities commission or regulatory authority of the United States  nor have any of the foregoing authorities passed upon or endorsed the merits of the offering of the New Ordinary Shares nor have they approved this document or confirmed the accuracy or adequacy of the information contained in this document. Any representation to the contrary is a criminal offence in the US. This document does not constitute or form part of any offer or invitation to purchase  otherwise acquire  subscribe for  sell  otherwise dispose of  issue or purchase  any security (including  without limitation  the Fundraising Shares). Copies of this document can be downloaded from the Company's website  www.afcenergy.com. However  the contents of the Company's website or any hyperlinks accessible from the Company's website do not form part of this document and Shareholders should not rely on them. This document includes statements that are  or may be deemed to be  forward-­‐looking statements that are based on current expectations or beliefs  as well as assumptions about future events. These forward-­‐looking statements can be identified by the use of forward-­‐looking terminology  including the terms ""believes""  ""estimates""  ""plans""  ""anticipates""  ""targets""  ""aims""  ""continues""  ""expects""  ""intends""  ""hopes""  ""may""  ""will""  ""would""  ""could"" or ""should"" or  in each case  their negative or other variations or comparable terminology. These forward-­‐looking statements include matters that are not facts. They appear in a number of places through this document and include statements regarding the Directors' intentions  beliefs or current expectations concerning  amongst other things  the Company's results of operations  financial condition  liquidity  prospects  growth and strategies. By their nature  forward-­‐looking statements contained in this document based on past trends or activities should not be taken as a representation that such trends or activities will continue in the future. Subject to any requirement under the AIM Rules or other applicable legislation or regulation  neitherthe Company nor the Joint Bookrunners undertake any obligation to update or revise any forward-­‐looking statements  whether as a result of new information  future events or otherwise. Undue reliance should not be placed on forward-­‐looking statements  which speak only as of the date of this document. There are several factors which could cause actual results to differ materially from those expressed or implied in forward-­‐looking statements. Among the factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those described in the forward-­‐looking statements are changes in expectations and assumptions used and changes in the global  political  economic  business  competitive  market and regulatory forces  future exchange and interest rates  changes in tax rates and future business combinations or dispositions. Nothing in this document shall be effective to limit or exclude any liability for fraud or which otherwise  by law or regulation  cannot be so limited or excluded. This document is dated 12 June 2024. 3TABLE OF CONTENTS DIRECTORS AND ADVISERS 5 FUNDRAISING STATISTICS 6 EXPECTED TIMETABLE OF PRINCIPAL EVENTS 7 DEFINITIONS 8 LETTER FROM THE CHAIRMAN 12 NOTICE OF GENERAL MEETING 19 4DIRECTORS AND ADVISERS Directors Gary Bullard Non-­‐Executive Chairperson Adam Bond Chief Executive Officer Peter Dixon-­‐Clarke Chief Financial Officer Monika Biddulph Non-­‐Executive Director Gerry Agnew Non-­‐Executive Director Duncan Neale Non-­‐Executive Director Company Secretary Brendan Keane Registered Office Unit 71.4 Dunsfold Park Cranleigh Surrey GU6 8TB Nominated Adviser Peel Hunt LLP 7th Floor 100 Liverpool Street London EC2M 2AT Joint Bookrunners Peel Hunt LLP 7th Floor 100 Liverpool Street London EC2M 2AT Zeus Capital Limited 82 King Street Manchester M2 4WQ Solicitors to the Company RBG Legal Services Limited t/a Memery Crystal 165 Fleet Street London EC4A 2DY Solicitors to the Nominated Simmons & Simmons LLP Adviser and Joint Brokers CityPoint One Ropemaker Street London EC2Y 9SS Registrar Computershare Investor Services PLC The Pavilions Bridgwater Road Bristol BS13 8AE 5FUNDRAISING STATISTICS Number of Existing Ordinary Shares 747 478 807 Issue Price 15 pence Number of Firm Placing Shares 74 074 964 Number of Subscription Shares 666 666 Aggregate number of Firm Fundraising Shares 74 741 630 Number of Ordinary Shares in issue immediately following First 822 220 437 Admission Percentage of the enlarged issued share capital of the Company 9.09 per cent. represented by the Firm Fundraising Shares immediately following First Admission Number of Conditional Placing Shares 17 204 036 Aggregate maximum number of Conditional Fundraising Shares 30 537 369 Aggregate maximum number of Fundraising Shares 105 278 999 Enlarged Issued Share Capital immediately following Second Admission 852 757 806 Maximum percentage of Enlarged Issued Share Capital represented by 12.35 per cent. the maximum number of Fundraising Shares following Second Admission Gross proceeds of the Placing £13.7 million Gross proceeds of the Subscription £100 000 Maximum gross proceeds of theREX Retail Offer £2 million Aggregate maximum gross proceeds of the Fundraising approximately £15.8 million Aggregate maximum estimated net proceeds of the Fundraising approximately £14.9 million Ordinary Share ISIN GB00B18S7B29 The statistics above assume (a) the passing of the Fundraising Resolutions at the General Meeting and therefore Admission of all Fundraising Shares pursuant to the Fundraising; (b) that the maximum number of Conditional REX Retail Offer Shares are subscribed for; and (c) that no Ordinary Shares other than the Fundraising Shares are allotted prior to First Admission or Second Admission (as applicable). 6EXPECTED TIMETABLE OF PRINCIPAL EVENTS 2024 Publication and posting of this document and Form of Proxy 12 June First Admission and dealings in the Firm Fundraising Shares to 8.00 a.m. on 13 June commence on AIM Expected date for CREST accounts to be credited in respect of the 13 June Firm Fundraising Shares Despatch of definitive share certificates in respect of Firm by 20 June Fundraising Shares to be held in certificated form  if applicable Long Stop Date for First Admission 8.00 a.m. on 26 June Latest time and date for receipt of Forms of Proxy 11.00 a.m. on 26 June General Meeting 11.00 a.m. on 28 June Announcement of the results of the General Meeting 28 June Second Admission and dealings in the Conditional Fundraising 1 July Shares to commence on AIM Expected date for CREST accounts to be credited in respect of the 1 July Conditional Fundraising Shares Despatch of definitive share certificates in respect of Conditional by 8 July Fundraising Shares to be held in certificated form  if applicable Long Stop Date for Second Admission 8:00 a.m. on 17 July Notes Each of the times and dates above are indicative only and if any of the details contained in the timetable above shouldchange  the revised times and dates will be notified to Shareholders by means of an announcement through a Regulatory Information Service. All of the above times refer to London time unless otherwise stated. All events listed in the above timetable in relation to the Conditional Fundraising are conditional  inter alia  on the passing at the General Meeting of the Fundraising Resolutions and Second Admission. 7DEFINITIONS ""2024 AGM"" the Annual General Meeting of the Company held on 25 April 2024 ""Admission"" admission of New Ordinary Shares to trading on AIM becoming effective in accordance with the AIM Rules ""AIM'' the market of that name operated by the London Stock Exchange ""AIM Rules"" the AIM Rules for Companies published by the London Stock Exchange from time to time ""Business Day"" any day on which banks are usually open for business in England and Wales for the transaction of sterling business  other than a Saturday  Sunday or public holiday ""Company"" or ""AFC"" AFC Energy plc  a company incorporated in England and Wales under the Companies Act 1985 with registered number 05668788 ""Conditional Fundraising"" together  the Conditional Placing and the REX Retail Offer ""Conditional Fundraising together  the Conditional Placing Shares and the REX Retail Shares"" Offer Shares ""Conditional Placing"" the conditional placing by the Joint Bookrunners (on behalf of the Company) of the Conditional Placing Shares at the Issue Price subject to  inter alia  the passing of the Fundraising Resolutions and Second Admission ""Conditional Placing Shares"" 17 204 036 New Ordinary Shares expected to be allotted and issued pursuant to the Conditional Placing ""CREST"" or ""CREST system"" the relevant system (as defined in the CREST Regulations) in respect of which Euroclear is the operator (as defined in those regulations) ""CREST Regulations"" the Uncertificated Securities Regulations 2001 (SI2001/3755) ""Directors"" or ""Board"" the directors of the Company ""Enlarged Issued Share Capital"" the total number of Ordinary Shares which shall be in issue immediately following Second Admission assuming that the maximum number of Fundraising Shares capable of being issued pursuant to the Fundraising is so issued ""Euroclear"" Euroclear UK & International Limited  the operator of CREST ""Existing Ordinary Shares"" the 747 478 807 Ordinary Shares in issue at the date of this document ""FCA"" the UK Financial Conduct Authority ""Firm Fundraising"" together  the Firm Placing and the Subscription 8""Firm Fundraising Shares"" together  the Firm Placing Shares and the Subscription Shares ""Firm Placing"" the placing by the Joint Bookrunners (on behalf of the Company) of the Firm Placing Shares at the Issue Price subject to  inter alia  First Admission ""Firm Placing Shares"" 74 074 964 New Ordinary Shares to be allotted and issued pursuant to the Firm Placing ""First Admission"" Admission of the Firm Fundraising Shares ""Form of Proxy"" the form of proxy for use in connection with the General Meeting which accompanies this document ""FSMA"" the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 (as amended) ""Fundraising"" together  the proposed Placing  Subscription and REX Retail Offer ""Fundraising Resolutions"" Resolutions 1 and 3 as set out in the Notice of General Meeting ""Fundraising Shares"" together  the Firm Fundraising Shares and the Conditional Fundraising Shares ""General Meeting"" the general meeting of the Company convened for 11.00 a.m. on 28 June 2024 (or any adjournment thereof) at which the Resolutions will be proposed  notice of which is set out at the end of the this document ""Group"" the Company and its subsidiary undertakings from time to time ""Intermediaries"" any financial intermediary appointed by the Company in connection with the REX Retail Offer and ""Intermediary"" shall mean any one of them ""Intermediary Agreements"" the agreements in the agreed form entered between each of the Intermediaries  the Company and Peel Hunt containing terms and conditions in relation to the REX Retail Offer ""Issue Price"" 15 pence per Fundraising Share ""Joint Bookrunners"" together  Peel Hunt and Zeus ""London Stock Exchange"" London Stock Exchange plc ""New Ordinary Shares"" the new Ordinary Shares to be issued pursuant to the Fundraising ""Notice of General Meeting"" the notice of General Meeting at the back of this document ""Ordinary Shares"" ordinary shares of 0.1 pence each in the capital of the Company ""Peel Hunt"" Peel Hunt LLP  nominated adviser to the Company and joint 9",neutral,0.01,0.98,0.01,mixed,0.13,0.34,0.52,True,English,"['AFC Energy', 'Notice', 'EGM', 'UK Financial Conduct Authority', 'Computershare Investor Services plc', 'other independent financial adviser', '333,333 REX Retail Offer Shares', 'personal financial advice', 'AFC ENERGY PLC', 'London Stock Exchange', 'due course application', 'Peel Hunt LLP', 'London EC2M 2AT', 'AIM-\xad‐traded securities', 'Existing Ordinary Shares', 'Conditional Fundraising Shares', 'Firm Fundraising Shares', 'General Meeting Application', 'other Restricted Jurisdiction', 'Financial Services', 'other authority', 'other agent', 'other distributions', 'securities laws', 'transferrable securities', 'Markets Act', 'United Kingdom', 'reasonable care', 'Such documents', 'United States', 'relevant law', 'regulatory body', 'registered number', 'Official List', '7th Floor', '100 Liverpool Street', '91,279,000 Placing Shares', '666,666 Subscription Shares', 'Fundraising Resolutions', 'accompanying Form', 'IMMEDIATE ATTENTION', 'section 102B', 'working day', 'bank manager', 'The Company', 'AIM Rules', 'on13 June', 'admission document', '28 June', '26 June', 'doubt', 'contents', 'action', 'stockbroker', 'solicitor', 'accountant', 'FSMA', 'responsibility', 'information', 'knowledge', 'case', 'accordance', 'facts', 'import', 'Proxy', 'purchaser', 'transferee', 'sale', 'transmission', 'violation', 'regulations', 'failure', 'restriction', 'part', 'holding', 'solicitation', 'meaning', 'prospectus', 'FCA', 'addition', 'England', 'Wales', '15 pence', 'Notice', 'dealings', 'assumption', '1 July', 'passu', 'respects', 'right', 'dividends', 'date', 'letter', 'Chairman', 'pages12', 'details', 'favour', 'offices', '11.00 a', 'use', 'connection', 'Shareholders', 'event', 'adjournment', '48 hours', 'time', 'completion', 'return', 'www', 'investorcent']",2024-06-13,2024-06-14,marketscreener.com
42666,Euroclear,NewsApi.org,https://www.news24.com/news24/world/news/g7-leaders-agree-r900-billion-loan-for-ukraine-us-and-ukraine-signs-10-year-nato-precursor-deal-20240613,News24 | G7 leaders agree R900 billion loan for Ukraine  US and Ukraine signs 10-year Nato-precursor deal,G7 leaders agreed Thursday on a new $50 billion loan for Ukraine using profits from frozen Russian assets  while the US signed a 10-year defence agreement with Ukraine that serves as a precursor to its entry into Nato.,"G7 leaders have agreed a loan to Ukraine worth some R920 billion  using frozen Russian assets.That money can be used for weapons  but also reconstruction.At the same time  the US and Ukraine entered a 10-year security deal that is both a step towards Nato membership and intended to be proof against a Donald Trump presidency.G7 leaders agreed Thursday on a new $50 billion loan for Ukraine – some R920 billion in South African terms – using profits from frozen Russian assets  support that was welcomed by President Volodymr Zelensky -- though he emphasised the need for more weapons.At the same time  the US and Ukraine signed a 10-year bilateral defence deal that serves as a precursor to Ukraine becoming part of the Nato bloc.""We have reached political agreement to provide additional financial support to Ukraine of approximately $50 billion by the end of the year "" Italian Prime Minister Giorgia Meloni announced after the first day of a summit in Puglia.Meloni had invited Zelensky to join a special summit session on the Ukraine war with US President Joe Biden and the leaders of France  Germany  Canada  Japan and Britain.Addressing the meeting at the luxury Borgo Egnazia resort  Zelensky thanked the leaders for their support  which he said would go towards ""both defence and reconstruction"".But he urged Kyiv's allies to go further and actually confiscate Russia' frozen assets  an option the European Union has so far ruled out for fear it would rattle international markets.And he said Ukrainian forces still needed more air-defence systems to help counter attacks by Moscow  which has been pummelling Kyiv's front-line troops and the country's power grid.Trump-proof US-Ukraine security dealAlso on Tuesday  Biden and Zelenskiy signed a 10-year bilateral security agreement aimed at bolstering Ukraine's defense against Russian invaders.The deal aims to commit future US administrations to support Ukraine  even if former president Donald Trump wins November’s election  officials said.It will be a framework for a long-term effort by the United States to help develop Ukraine’s outdated armed forces and serve as a step towards Ukraine's eventual NATO membership  according to the text of the deal.""Our goal is to strengthen Ukraine's credible defense and deterrence capabilities for the long term "" Biden said.Zelenskiy has long sought NATO membership but the allies have stopped short of taking that step. The Western alliance regards any attack launched on one of its 32 members as an attack on all under its Article Five clause.""The parties recognise this agreement as supporting a bridge to Ukraine’s eventual membership in the NATO alliance "" the text says.In the event of an armed attack or threat of such against Ukraine  top U.S. and Ukrainian officials will meet within 24 hours to consult on a response and determine what additional defense needs are required for Ukraine  the agreement says.Under the agreement  the United States restates its support for Ukraine's defense of its sovereignty and territorial integrity  amid a renewed push by Russia on Ukraine's eastern front.""To ensure Ukraine’s security  both sides recognize Ukraine needs a significant military force  robust capabilities  and sustained investments in its defense industrial base that are consistent with North Atlantic Treaty Organization (NATO)standards "" the text says.With Trump leading Biden in many election polls  the future of the agreement remains unclear.Trump has expressed skepticism of Ukraine’s continued fight  saying at one point that he would end the conflict in his first day in office. Trump has also pushed for Europe to take on more of the burden of supporting Kyiv.Loan deal a 'historic step'G7 countries  which count the European Union as their unofficial eighth member  have been Ukraine's key military and financial backers since Russia invaded in February 2022.The G7 and the EU have frozen around $325 billion of Russian assets  much of it frozen by Euroclear  an international deposit organisation based in Belgium.German Chancellor Olaf Scholz hailed the loan agreement as a ""historic step"" and a ""clear signal to the Russian president that he cannot simply sit this matter out"".""The basis has been created for Ukraine to be in a position to procure everything it needs... in the near future  in terms of weapons but also in terms of investment in reconstruction or in energy infrastructure "" he said.Zelensky  who was due to hold a joint press conference with Biden later Thursday  has been engaged in a flurry of diplomacy aimed at shoring up international support.He spoke earlier this week in Berlin at a reconstruction conference and is set to join more than 90 countries and organisations this weekend for a peace summit in Switzerland.- Additional reporting by Reuters",neutral,0.19,0.77,0.05,negative,0.03,0.34,0.63,True,English,"['R900 billion loan', '10-year Nato-precursor deal', 'G7 leaders', 'News24', 'Ukraine', 'US', 'Italian Prime Minister Giorgia Meloni', 'luxury Borgo Egnazia resort', 'North Atlantic Treaty Organization', 'German Chancellor Olaf Scholz', 'Trump-proof US-Ukraine security deal', 'former president Donald Trump', '10-year bilateral defence deal', '10-year bilateral security agreement', 'US President Joe Biden', '10-year security deal', 'Article Five clause', 'top U.S.', 'unofficial eighth member', 'Donald Trump presidency', 'significant military force', 'joint press conference', 'international deposit organisation', 'frozen Russian assets', 'new $50 billion loan', 'special summit session', 'outdated armed forces', 'The Western alliance', 'defense industrial base', 'many election polls', 'President Volodymr Zelensky', 'South African terms', 'additional defense needs', ""Russia' frozen assets"", 'future US administrations', 'eventual NATO membership', 'additional financial support', 'Russian president', 'eventual membership', 'NATO alliance', 'Additional reporting', 'Ukrainian forces', 'Loan deal', 'key military', 'financial backers', 'The G7', 'Russian invaders', 'international markets', 'Nato bloc', 'NATO)standards', 'same time', 'first day', 'European Union', 'air-defence systems', 'front-line troops', 'power grid', 'long-term effort', 'United States', 'credible defense', 'deterrence capabilities', 'long term', 'territorial integrity', 'eastern front', 'robust capabilities', 'sustained investments', 'one point', 'clear signal', 'near future', 'energy infrastructure', 'peace summit', 'international support', 'armed attack', 'reconstruction conference', 'political agreement', 'loan agreement', 'G7 leaders', 'Ukrainian officials', 'G7 countries', 'historic step', 'Ukraine war', '90 countries', 'money', 'weapons', 'profits', 'precursor', 'part', 'end', 'Puglia', 'France', 'Germany', 'Canada', 'Japan', 'Britain', 'meeting', 'Kyiv', 'allies', 'option', 'fear', 'attacks', 'Moscow', 'country', 'Tuesday', 'Zelenskiy', 'November', 'framework', 'text', 'goal', '32 members', 'bridge', 'threat', '24 hours', 'response', 'sovereignty', 'push', 'sides', 'skepticism', 'fight', 'conflict', 'office', 'burden', 'February', 'Euroclear', 'Belgium', 'matter', 'basis', 'position', 'everything', 'flurry', 'diplomacy', 'Berlin', 'organisations', 'Switzerland', 'Reuters']",2024-06-13,2024-06-14,news24.com
42667,Euroclear,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/WORKSPACE-GROUP-PLC-4002103/news/Workspace-Notice-of-AGM-2024-46966015/,Workspace : Notice of AGM 2024,(marketscreener.com)   THIS DOCUMENT IS IMPORTANT AND REQUIRES YOUR IMMEDIATE ATTENTION.   If you are in any doubt as to the action you should take  you are recommended to seek advice from your stockbroker  bank manager  solicitor  accountant or other in…,THIS DOCUMENT IS IMPORTANT AND REQUIRES YOUR IMMEDIATE ATTENTION. If you are in any doubt as to the action you should take  you are recommended to seek advice from your stockbroker  bank manager  solicitor  accountant or other independent financial adviser authorised pursuant to the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000. If you have sold or transferred all of your Ordinary Shares  please forward this document and the accompanying form of proxy to the purchaser or transferee or to the stockbroker  bank or other agent through or by whom the sale or transfer was effected for delivery to the purchaser or transferee. If you have sold or transferred only part of your Ordinary Shares  please consult the stockbroker  bank or other agent through whom the sale or transfer was effected. WORKSPACE GROUP PLC (Incorporated and registered in England and Wales under number 2041612) NOTICE OF ANNUAL GENERAL MEETING AND A LETTER FROM YOUR CHAIRMAN ON THE BUSINESS TO BE CONDUCTED AT THAT MEETING Notice of an Annual General Meeting of Workspace Group PLC to be held at the Company's Eventspace venue at 29 Finsbury Circus  London EC2M 5SQ  commencing at 11.00 a.m. on Thursday  25 July 2024  is set out at the end of this document. Shareholders will find enclosed with this document a form of proxy for use in connection with the AGM. To be valid  the form of proxy should be completed  signed and returned in accordance with the instructions printed thereon  as soon as possible and  in any event  so as to reach the Company's registrars  Computershare Investor Services PLC  The Pavilions  Bridgwater Road  Bristol BS99 6ZY  by no later than 11.00 a.m. on Tuesday  23 July 2024 or  in the event of an adjournment  not less than 48 hours (excluding non-working days) before the time fixed for the adjourned meeting. Completion and return of a form of proxy will not preclude Shareholders from attending and voting at the Annual General Meeting should they choose to do so.2 Workspace Group PLC Notice of Annual General Meeting 2024 DEFINITIONS In this document  except where the context otherwise requires  the following expressions shall have the following meanings: 2024 Annual Remuneration Report the remuneration report for the financial year ended 31 March 2024 (other than the Remuneration Policy)  contained on pages 186 to 217 of the Annual Report and Accounts; Act the Companies Act 2006 (as amended from time to time); AGM or Annual General Meeting the annual general meeting of the Company convened for Thursday  25 July 2024  notice of which is set out at the end of this document  or any reconvened meeting following adjournment thereof; Annual Report and Accounts the annual report and accounts of the Company and the Group for the financial year ended 31 March 2024 and the reports of the Directors and auditors thereon; Articles the articles of association of the Company currently in force; Board of Directors the Directors of the Company for the time being; Code the UK Corporate Governance Code published in July 2018; Company Workspace Group PLC; Equity Securities has the meaning given to it in section 560(1) of the Act; Group the Company and its subsidiary undertakings from time to time; IA the Investment Association; LTIP the Workspace Group PLC Long Term Incentive Plan; Notice the notice of AGM contained in this document; Ordinary Shares the ordinary shares with a nominal value of £1.00 each in the capital of the Company; Remuneration Policy the Directors' remuneration policy  contained on pages 198 to 201 of the Annual Report and Accounts; Sharesave the Workspace Sharesave Plan 2022; Shareholders the holders of Ordinary Shares; and Shareholders' Rights Regulations the Companies (Shareholders' Rights) Regulations 2009 (SI 2009/1632) (as amended from time to time).3 Workspace Group PLC Notice of Annual General Meeting 2024 WORKSPACE GROUP PLC (Incorporated and registered in England and Wales under number 2041612) Directors: Duncan Owen (Non-Executive Chair) Registered office: Graham Clemett (Chief Executive Officer) Canterbury Court David Benson (Chief Financial Officer) Kennington Park Rosie Shapland (Non-Executive Director) 1-3 Brixton Road Lesley-Ann Nash (Non-Executive Director) London Manju Malhotra (Non-Executive Director) SW9 6DE Nick Mackenzie (Non-Executive Director) David Stevenson (Non-Executive Director) 13 June 2024 To Shareholders and  for information only  to share option holders Dear Shareholder Notice of Annual General Meeting and explanation of business Introduction I am pleased to notify you of the thirty-eighth annual general meeting of the Company  which will be held at the Company's Eventspace venue at 29 Finsbury Circus  London EC2M 5SQ on Thursday  25 July 2024 commencing at 11.00 a.m. The formal Notice convening the AGM is set out on pages 6 to 8 of this document and an explanation of each of the resolutions that the Directors will be proposing at the AGM is set out below. In the event it becomes necessary to make any changes to the arrangements for the AGM (including any change to the location of the AGM)  this information will be communicated to Shareholders before the meeting through our website (www.workspace.co.uk) and  where appropriate  by RNS announcement. If you cannot attend the AGM  but wish to vote on the AGM resolutions  please complete the form of proxy enclosed with this circular. To be valid  the form of proxy should be completed  signed and returned in accordance with the instructions printed thereon  as soon as possible  and in any event  to reach the Company's registrars  Computershare Investor Services PLC  no later than 11.00 a.m. on 23 July 2024 or  in the event of an adjournment  not less than 48 hours (excluding non-working days) before the time fixed for the adjourned meeting. Shareholder engagement For any shareholders who are unable to attend the AGM in person  we have set up a dedicated electronic mailbox for Shareholders to submit questions to the Board. Please send your questions to investor.relations@workspace.co.uk by no later than 11.00 a.m. on Thursday  25 July 2024  stating your name and Shareholder Reference Number (as printed on your Form of Proxy). We will collate the questions we receive and will select a representative sample which will be answered on the Company's website at www.workspace. co.uk as soon as practicable after the conclusion of the AGM. We will also endeavour to provide answers directly to the Shareholders who submitted the questions. Annual Report and Accounts (Resolution 1) The business of the AGM will begin with a resolution to receive and adopt the Annual Report and Accounts. 2024 Annual Remuneration Report (Resolution 2) Resolution 2 seeks approval by Shareholders for the 2024 Annual Remuneration Report (other than the Remuneration Policy which does not need to be approved by Shareholders this year). The vote is advisory  and no Directors' remuneration is conditional upon passing the resolution. Declaration of final dividend (Resolution 3) A final dividend of 19.0 pence per Ordinary Share  to be paid as a REIT Property Income Distribution  has been recommended by the Board for the year ended 31 March 2024 and  if approved by Shareholders  will be paid on 2 August 2024 to all Shareholders on the register at the close of business on 5 July 2024. Election and re-election of Directors (Resolutions 4 to 11 inclusive) The Articles require one-third of the current Directors to retire by rotation at every annual general meeting. However  the Company has adopted the requirements of the Code in relation to Directors' appointments and in particular the annual re-election of all Directors. Therefore  in accordance with the Code  all of the Directors will retire at the AGM and  being eligible  offer themselves for election or re-election. David Stevenson was appointed to the Board as a Non-Executive Director with effect from 1 June 2024. The Board is satisfied that David is independent in accordance with the Code and that there are no circumstances which are likely to impair or could appear to impair his independence. The Nominations Committee of the Company has considered David's commitments and has concluded that he has sufficient time to meet his Board responsibilities.4 Workspace Group PLC Notice of Annual General Meeting 2024 In relation to all the other Directors' re-election  following a formal performance review  the Board has determined that each of their performances continues to be effective and they continue to demonstrate commitment to their roles as Directors  including commitment of the necessary time for Board and committee meetings and other duties. The Board is satisfied that each of the Non-Executive Directors offering themselves for re-election remains independent in accordance with the Code and that there are no circumstances which are likely to impair or could appear to impair their independence. Biographical details of each of the Directors are set out on pages 118 to 120 of the Annual Report and Accounts. Appointment and remuneration of auditors (Resolutions 12 and 13) The Company is required at each general meeting at which accounts are presented to appoint auditors to hold office until the next such meeting. During the last financial year  the Company re-tendered the external audit contract with respect to the audit for the year ended 31 March 2025. Following that process  the Board agreed to recommend the appointment of BDO LLP as the Company's auditors at the AGM. Therefore  subject to BDO LLP's appointment by Shareholders at the AGM pursuant to Resolution 12  the audit of the Annual Report and Accounts will be the last performed by KPMG LLP. As required by section 519 of the Act  KPMG LLP has provided the Company with a ''Statement of Reasons'' connected with its resignation  which is set out in Appendix 1 to this Notice. The Company intends to re-tender the external audit contract at least once every 10 years. Resolution 13 is a routine resolution to authorise the Directors to agree the remuneration of the auditors. Allotment of Equity Securities (Resolution 14) The authority given to the Directors to allot further shares or to grant rights to subscribe for  or to convert securities into shares in the capital of the Company requires the prior authorisation of the Shareholders in general meeting under section 551 of the Act. Upon the passing of Resolution 14 (pursuant to paragraph (a)(i) of Resolution 14)  the Directors will have the necessary authority until the conclusion of the next annual general meeting of the Company in 2025 or  if earlier  30 September 2025 to allot and/or grant rights to subscribe for  or convert securities into  Shares  up to an aggregate nominal amount of £63 970 130 (which represents approximately one-third of the issued ordinary share capital of the Company as at 6 June 2024 (being the latest practicable date prior to publication of this document)). In addition  in line with guidance issued by the IA on the expectations of institutional investors in relation to the authority of Directors to allot shares  upon the passing of Resolution 14 (pursuant to paragraph (a)(ii) of Resolution 14)  the Directors will have authority  until the conclusion of the next annual general meeting of the Company in 2025 or  if earlier  30 September 2025 to allot and/or grant rights to subscribe for  or convert securities into  Shares in connection with a rights issue in favour of Shareholders up to an aggregate nominal amount equal to £127 940 261  as reduced by the aggregate nominal amount of any shares issued under paragraph (a)(i) of Resolution 14. This amount (before any reduction) represents approximately two-thirds of the issued ordinary share capital of the Company as at 6 June 2024 (being the latest practicable date prior to publication of this document). In order to ensure that the maximum aggregate nominal amount of Equity Securities allotted and/or granted under Resolution 14 is never more than an amount equal to two-thirds of the issued ordinary share capital as at 6 June 2024  deductions will be made from paragraph (a)(i) or (a)(ii) to ensure this remains the case  whether or not the Company issues shares under paragraph (a)(i) or paragraph (a)(ii) first. As at the date of this document  the Company holds no shares in treasury. This limited authority will enable the Directors to issue shares when they believe it is in the interests of the Company to do so. It replaces the authority granted at the last annual general meeting of the Company in 2023  which will remain in force up until the conclusion of this year's AGM. While the Directors would always consider from time to time the best manner of financing the Group  the Directors have no present intention of issuing Ordinary Shares or other Equity Securities pursuant to Resolution 14 except in connection with the LTIP and/or Sharesave. The Directors will continue to seek to renew this authority at each annual general meeting in accordance with current best practice. Authority to make political donations (Resolution 15) Part 14 of the Act prohibits companies from making political donations exceeding £5 000 in aggregate in any 12-month period to political parties  (ii) other political organisations and (iii) independent election candidates and from incurring political expenditure without shareholders' consent. However  as the definitions used in the Act are broad  it is possible that normal business activities  which might not be thought to be political expenditure in the usual sense  could be caught. It remains the policy of the Company not to make political donations or incur political expenditure within the ordinary meaning of those words and the Board has no intention of using the authority for that purpose. The authority being sought in this Resolution 15 will not change that policy but is being sought as a precaution to allow the Company's normal business activities to be within the Act. Disapplication of pre-emption rights (Resolution 16) Resolution 16 is a special resolution and would  in very limited circumstances  give the Directors the power to allot Shares and/or to sell any Shares which the Company holds in treasury for cash without first offering them to the existing Shareholders in proportion to their existing shareholdings. The power set out in Resolution 16 would be limited to allotments and/or sales: (i) in connection with pre-emptive offers and offers to holders of other Equity Securities if required by the rights of those shares  or as the Directors otherwise consider necessary; and (ii) in connection with the terms of any employees' share scheme for the time being operated by the Company. The Directors intend to seek to renew such authority and power at successive annual general meetings.5 Workspace Group PLC Notice of Annual General Meeting 2024 The power under Resolution 16 will expire on the earlier of 30 September 2025 and the conclusion of the annual general meeting of the Company held in 2025. Authority for purchase of own Shares (Resolution 17) Resolution 17 is a special resolution and authorises the Company to make market purchases (within the meaning of section 693 of the Act) on the London Stock Exchange of up to a maximum aggregate number of 19 191 039 Ordinary Shares (equivalent to approximately 10% of the current issued ordinary share capital of the Company (excluding any treasury shares) as at 6 June 2024 (being the latest practicable date prior to publication of this document)  at a minimum price per Share of its nominal value and a maximum price of the higher of: (i) an amount equal to 105% of the average of the middle market quotations for a Share as derived from the London Stock Exchange Daily Official List for the period of five business days immediately preceding the date on which the Share is contracted to be purchased; and (ii) an amount equal to the higher of the price of the last independent trade of a Share and the highest current independent purchase bid for a Share at the time on the trading venue where the purchase is carried out. Resolution 17 should not be taken as an indication that the Company will purchase Shares at any particular price or indeed at all. The Directors have no present intention of exercising the authority to make market purchases. However  the authority provides the flexibility to allow them to do so in the future  and the Directors would only consider making purchases if they believe that such purchases would result in an increase in earnings per share and are in the best interests of the Company and its Shareholders generally. The authority will expire on the earlier of 30 September 2025 and the conclusion of the annual general meeting of the Company held in 2025. The Directors intend to seek to renew such authority and power at successive annual general meetings. Any Shares purchased under the authority would either be cancelled  and the number of Shares in issue would be reduced accordingly or would be held in treasury. The Directors would consider holding as treasury shares any Shares which the Company repurchases pursuant to the authority provided by this Resolution 17. To the extent that any Shares repurchased by the Company are held in treasury  earnings per share will only be increased on a temporary basis until such time as the Shares are sold or transferred out of treasury. Overall  the Directors believe that the ability of the Company to hold Shares in treasury will provide the Company with greater flexibility in the management of its share capital. The Company has options outstanding over 2 495 907 Shares; the aggregate nominal amount of which represents approximately 1.30% of the Company's issued ordinary share capital as at 6 June 2024 (being the latest practicable date prior to publication of this document). If the Company bought back the maximum number of Shares permitted pursuant to this Resolution 17  then the total number of options to subscribe for Shares outstanding at 6 June 2024 would represent approximately 1.45% of the reduced issued ordinary share capital of the Company. Authority to retain a notice period of fourteen clear days for general meetings (Resolution 18) Resolution 18 is a special resolution to allow the Company to hold general meetings (other than annual general meetings) on 14 clear days' notice. Before the coming into force of the Shareholders' Rights Regulations on 3 August 2009  the Company was able to call general meetings (other than an annual general meeting) on 14 clear days' notice without obtaining Shareholder approval. Changes made to the Act by the Shareholders' Rights Regulations increased the notice period required for general meetings of the Company to 21 days unless Shareholders approve a shorter notice period (which cannot be less than 14 clear days). Annual general meetings will continue to be held on at least 21 clear days' notice. Accordingly  in order to preserve the Company's ability to call general meetings (other than an annual general meeting) on 14 clear days' notice  Resolution 18 seeks such approval from Shareholders. The flexibility offered by this Resolution 18 will be used where  taking into account the circumstances  the Directors consider this appropriate in relation to the business to be considered at the general meeting. If granted  the approval will be effective until 30 September 2025 or  if earlier  the Company's next annual general meeting in 2025  when it is intended that a similar resolution will be proposed. Whether or not you intend to be present at the AGM  you are requested to complete and sign the enclosed form of proxy and return it as soon as possible to the Company's registrars  Computershare Investor Services PLC  The Pavilions  Bridgwater Road  Bristol BS99 6ZY. Members may also register the appointment of a proxy electronically by accessing the website www.investorcentre.co.uk/eproxy  which is operated by Computershare Investor Services PLC. In either case  the proxy appointment must be received by Computershare Investor Services PLC no later than 11.00 a.m. on Tuesday  23 July 2024 or  in the event of an adjournment  not less than 48 hours (excluding non-working days) before the time fixed for the adjourned meeting. Alternatively  CREST members who wish to appoint a proxy or proxies through the CREST electronic proxy appointment service may do so by using the procedures described in the CREST Manual. CREST messages must be received by the issuer's agent not later than 11.00 a.m. on Tuesday  23 July 2024 or  in the event of an adjournment  not less than 48 hours (excluding non-working days) before the time fixed for the adjourned meeting. Completion and return of a form of proxy will not preclude Shareholders from attending and voting at the AGM should they choose to do so. Recommendation The Board considers that the resolutions to be proposed at the AGM are in the best interests of the Company and Shareholders as a whole  and the Board unanimously recommends that you vote in favour of the proposed resolutions. The Directors intend to vote in favour of the resolutions in respect of their own beneficial shareholdings in the Company. Yours sincerely Duncan Owen Chair6 Workspace Group PLC Notice of Annual General Meeting 2024 WORKSPACE GROUP PLC (Incorporated and registered in England and Wales under number 2041612) NOTICE OF ANNUAL GENERAL MEETING NOTICE IS HEREBY GIVEN that the thirty-eighth annual general meeting of the Company will be held at the Company's Eventspace venue at 29 Finsbury Circus  London EC2M 5SQ at 11.00 a.m. on Thursday  25 July 2024 to consider and  if thought fit  to pass the following resolutions  of which numbers 1 to 15 will be proposed as ordinary resolutions (which must each receive more than 50% of the votes cast in favour to be passed) and numbers 16 to 18 will be proposed as special resolutions (which must each receive 75% or more of the votes cast in favour to be passed): To consider and  if thought fit  pass each of the following Resolutions 1 to 15 (inclusive) as ordinary resolutions: To receive and adopt the Annual Report and Accounts. To approve the 2024 Annual Remuneration Report. To declare a final dividend of 19.0 pence per Ordinary Share in respect of the financial year ended 31 March 2024 to be paid on 2 August 2024 to all Shareholders on the register at the close of business on 5 July 2024. To re-elect Mr Duncan Owen as a Director. To re-elect Mr Graham Clemett as a Director. To re-elect Mr David Benson as a Director. To re-elect Ms Rosie Shapland as a Director. To re-elect Ms Lesley-Ann Nash as a Director. To re-elect Ms Manju Malhotra as a Director. To re-elect Mr Nick Mackenzie as a Director. To elect Mr David Stevenson as a Director. To appoint BDO LLP as auditors of the Company to hold office from the conclusion of this meeting until the conclusion of the next general meeting at which the accounts are laid before the Shareholders. To authorise the Board  acting through the Audit Committee  to determine the remuneration of the auditors.7 Workspace Group PLC Notice of Annual General Meeting 2024 14. THAT: in substitution for all subsisting authorities to the extent unused  the Directors be generally and unconditionally authorised  in accordance with section 551 of the Act  to exercise all the powers of the Company to allot and/or grant rights or subscribe for  or to convert any security into  shares in the Company: up to an aggregate nominal amount of £63 970 130 (such amount to be reduced by the nominal amount of any shares previously allotted and/or granted under paragraph (a)(ii) below in excess of such sum); and comprising Equity Securities up to an aggregate nominal amount of £127 940 261 (such amount to be reduced by any allotments and/or grants previously made under paragraph (a)(i) above) in connection with an offer by way of a rights issue: to Shareholders in proportion (as nearly as may be practicable) to their existing holdings; and to holders of other Equity Securities as required by the rights of those securities  or as the Board otherwise considers necessary  and so that the Directors may  in either case  impose any limits or restrictions and make any arrangements which it considers necessary or appropriate to deal with treasury shares  fractional entitlements  record dates  or with legal  regulatory or practical problems in  or under the laws of  any territory or the requirements of any regulatory body or stock exchange or any other matter. The authorities conferred on the Directors under paragraphs (i) and (ii) of this Resolution 14 shall expire at the conclusion of the next annual general meeting of the Company in 2025 or  if earlier  30 September 2025  save that under each authority the Company may  before such expiry  make offers and enter into agreements which would  or might  require shares to be allotted or rights to subscribe for  or convert securities into  shares to be granted after such expiry and the Directors may allot shares or grant rights to subscribe for  or convert securities into  shares under any such offer or agreement as if the relevant authority had not expired; and words and expressions defined in or for the purposes of Part 17 of the Act shall bear the same meanings in this Resolution 14. 15. THAT  in accordance with Sections 366 and 367 of the Act  the Company and all companies that are its subsidiaries at any time during the period for which this resolution is effective are authorised to: make political donations to political parties and/or independent election candidates; make political donations to political organisations other than political parties; and incur political expenditure  (as such terms are defined in Sections 363 to 365 of the Act) provided that the aggregate amount of any such donations and expenditure shall not exceed £20 000 during the period beginning with the date of the passing of this Resolution 15 and expiring at the earlier of the conclusion of the next annual general meeting of the Company in 2025 or  if earlier  30 September 2025. To consider and  if thought fit  to pass each of the following Resolutions 16 to 18 (inclusive) as special resolutions: 16. THAT in substitution for all subsisting authorities to the extent unused and subject to the passing of Resolution 14  the Directors be authorised to allot Equity Securities for cash under the authority given by that resolution and/or to sell shares which are held by the Company in treasury for cash as if section 561(1) of the Act did not apply to any such allotment or sale  such authority to be limited to the allotment of Equity Securities and/or sale of treasury shares in connection with: an offer of  or invitation to apply for  Equity Securities: to holders of Ordinary Shares in proportion (as nearly as may be practicable) to their existing holdings; and to holders of other Equity Securities  as required by the rights of those securities or as the Directors otherwise consider necessary  but so that the Directors may impose any limits or restrictions and make any arrangements which they consider necessary or appropriate to deal with treasury shares  fractional entitlements  record dates  legal  regulatory or practical problems in  or under the laws of  any territory or any other matter whatsoever; and the terms of any employees' share scheme for the time being operated by the Company (and any shares acquired or held by the Company in treasury may be transferred in satisfaction of the exercise of options under such scheme) such authority to expire at the conclusion of the next annual general meeting of the Company in 2025 or  if earlier  30 September 2025  save that the Directors may  before the expiry of such period  make offers or agreements which would  or might  require Equity Securities to be allotted and/or treasury shares sold after the authority expires and the Directors may allot Equity Securities and/or sell treasury shares pursuant to any such offer or agreement as if the authority had not expired.Words and expressions defined in or for the purposes of Part 17 of the Act shall bear the same meanings in this Resolution 16.8 Workspace Group PLC Notice of Annual General Meeting 2024 THAT the Company be and is hereby generally and unconditionally authorised  pursuant to and in accordance with section 701 of the Act  to make market purchases (within the meaning of section 693(4) of the Act) of Ordinary Shares on such terms and in such manner as the Directors may from time to time determine  provided that: the maximum aggregate number of Ordinary Shares hereby authorised to be purchased shall be 19 191 039; the minimum price (exclusive of expenses) which may be paid for an Ordinary Share is its nominal value; the maximum price (exclusive of expenses) which may be paid for an Ordinary Share is the higher of: an amount equal to 105% of the average of the middle market quotations for an Ordinary Share (as derived from the London Stock Exchange Daily Official List) for the five business days immediately preceding the date on which the Ordinary Share is contracted to be purchased; and an amount equal to the higher of the price of the last independent trade of an Ordinary Share and the highest current independent purchase bid for an Ordinary Share at the time on the trading venue where the purchase is carried out; the authority hereby conferred shall expire at the conclusion of the next annual general meeting of the Company in 2025 or  if earlier  30 September 2025  unless such authority is varied  revoked or renewed prior to such time by the Company in a general meeting by a special resolution; and the Company may enter into a contract to purchase Ordinary Shares under the authority hereby conferred prior to the expiry of such authority which would  or might  be completed or executed wholly or partly after the expiration of such authority  and the Company may purchase Ordinary Shares in pursuance of any such contract as if the authority conferred hereby had not expired. THAT a general meeting other than an annual general meeting of the Company may be called on not less than 14 clear days' notice.By order of the Board Carmelina Carfora Company Secretary Dated: 13 June 2024 Registered Office: Canterbury Court Kennington Park 1-3 Brixton Road London SW9 6DE9 Workspace Group PLC Notice of Annual General Meeting 2024 NOTES Pursuant to Regulation 41 of the Uncertificated Securities Regulations 2001 (as amended)  only those Shareholders entered in the register of members of the Company at the close of business on the day which is two business days (excluding non-working days) before the day of the AGM (or  in the event of any adjournment  on the day which is two business days (excluding non-working days) before the day of the adjourned meeting) shall be entitled to vote at the AGM in respect of the number of Ordinary Shares registered in their name at that time. Changes to entries on the register of members after that time shall be disregarded in determining the rights of any person to vote at the AGM. Any member wishing to vote at the AGM without attending in person must appoint a proxy to do so. A member is entitled to appoint one or more proxies to exercise all or any of the member's rights to attend  speak and vote at the AGM. A form of proxy accompanies this Notice. Completion and return of such form of proxy will not preclude a member from attending the AGM and voting in person. A proxy need not be a member of the Company but must attend the meeting in order to represent a member and for that member's vote to be counted. If a member appoints more than one proxy to attend the AGM  each proxy must be appointed to exercise the rights attached to a different Ordinary Share or Ordinary Shares held by the member. If a member appoints more than one proxy  each proxy must be appointed to exercise the rights attached to a different Ordinary Share or Ordinary Shares held by the member. If a member wishes to appoint more than one proxy and so requires additional forms of proxy  the member should contact the Company's registrars or photocopy the form of proxy provided with this Notice indicating on each copy the name of the proxy you wish to appoint and the Ordinary Shares in the Company in respect of which the proxy is appointed (which  in aggregate  should not exceed the number of Ordinary Shares held by the member). The member should also indicate if the proxy instruction is one of multiple instructions being given. All forms of proxy should be returned together in the same envelope. Where you wish to appoint more than one proxy  failure to specify the number of Ordinary Shares in respect of which each proxy is appointed or specifying more Ordinary Shares than you hold will result in the proxy appointments being invalid. To be valid  a form of proxy for use at the AGM and the power of attorney or other authority (if any) under which it is signed  or a copy of such authority notarially certified must be signed or sealed (as appropriate)  dated and lodged with the Company's registrars  Computershare Investor Services PLC  The Pavilions  Bridgwater Road  Bristol BS99 6ZY  no later than 48 hours (excluding non-working days) before the time fixed for the AGM or the adjourned meeting (i.e. Tuesday  23 July 2024 at 11.00 a.m. unless adjourned). The form of proxy must be in writing and (i) if in writing but not electronic form  executed by a Shareholder or his or her duly authorised attorney in writing  or if the appointor is a corporation  under its common seal or under the hand of an officer or attorney or other person duly authorised on its behalf  or (ii) if in writing in electronic form  submitted by or on behalf of the appointor and authenticated. In the case of joint holders  where more than one of the joint holders purports to appoint a proxy  only the appointment submitted by the most senior holder will be accepted. Seniority is determined by the order in which the names of the joint holders appear in the Company's register in respect of the joint holding (the first named being deemed the most senior). The right to appoint a proxy does not apply to persons whose shares are held on their behalf by another person and who have been nominated to receive communications from the Company in accordance with section 146 of the Act (a 'Nominated Person'). A Nominated Person may have a right under an agreement with the registered Shareholder who holds the shares on their behalf to be appointed (or to have someone else appointed) as a proxy. Alternatively  if a Nominated Person does not have such a right  or does not wish to exercise it  he/she may have a right under such an agreement to give instructions to the person holding the shares as to the exercise of voting rights. Nominated Persons are reminded that their main point of contact in terms of their investment in the Company remains the member who nominated the Nominated Person to enjoy information rights (or  perhaps the custodian or broker who administers the investment on their behalf). Nominated Persons should continue to contact that member  custodian or broker (and not the Company) regarding any changes or queries relating to the Nominated Person's personal details and interest in the Company (including any administrative matter). The only exception to this is where the Company expressly requests a response from a Nominated Person. CREST members who wish to appoint a proxy or proxies through the CREST electronic proxy appointment service may do so for the purposes of the AGM and any adjournment(s) thereof by using the procedures described in the CREST Manual (available via www.euroclear.com/CREST). CREST personal members or other CREST sponsored members  and those CREST members who have appointed a voting service provider(s)  should refer to their CREST sponsor or voting service provider(s)  who will be able to take the appropriate action on their behalf. In order for a proxy appointment or instruction made using the CREST service to be valid  the appropriate CREST message (a 'CREST Proxy Instruction') must be properly authenticated in accordance with Euroclear UK & International Limited's specifications  and must contain the information required for such instruction  as described in the CREST Manual (available via www.euroclear. com/CREST). In order to be valid and/or to appoint one or more proxies or to give an instruction to a proxy (whether previously appointed or otherwise) via the CREST system  CREST messages must be received by the Company's agent (ID number 3RA50) not later than 48 hours (excluding non-working days) before the time appointed for holding the meeting (i.e. Tuesday  23 July 2024 at 11.00 a.m. unless adjourned). For this purpose  the time receipt will be taken to be the time (as determined by the timestamp generated by the CREST Applications Host) from which the Company's agent is able to retrieve the message by enquiry to CREST in the manner prescribed by CREST. After this time any change of instructions to proxies appointed through CREST should be communicated to the appointee through other means. The Company may treat as invalid a proxy appointment sent by CREST in the circumstances set out in regulation 35(5)(a) of the Uncertificated Securities Regulations 2001 (as amended). CREST members and  where applicable  their CREST sponsors  or voting service providers should note that Euroclear UK & International Limited does not make available special procedures in CREST for any particular message. Normal system timings and limitations will  therefore  apply in relation to the input of CREST Proxy Instructions. It is the responsibility of the CREST member concerned to take (or  if the CREST member is a CREST personal member  or sponsored member  or has appointed a voting service provider  to procure that his CREST sponsor or voting service provider(s) take(s)) such action as shall be necessary to ensure that a message is transmitted by means of the CREST system by any particular time. In this connection  CREST members and  where applicable  their CREST sponsors or voting system providers are referred  in particular  to those sections of the CREST Manual concerning practical limitations of the CREST system and timings (available via www.euroclear.com/CREST).,neutral,0.01,0.99,0.01,neutral,0.02,0.96,0.02,True,English,"['Workspace', 'Notice', 'AGM', '1-3 Brixton Road Lesley-Ann Nash', 'Annual General Meeting 2024 WORKSPACE GROUP PLC', 'UK Corporate Governance Code', 'Kennington Park Rosie Shapland', 'Long Term Incentive Plan', 'Canterbury Court David Benson', 'Computershare Investor Services PLC', 'Annual General Meeting 2024 DEFINITIONS', 'thirty-eighth annual general meeting', 'other independent financial adviser', '2 Workspace Group PLC Notice', 'Company Workspace Group PLC', '3 Workspace Group PLC', 'Workspace Sharesave Plan', 'London EC2M 5SQ', 'Bristol BS99 6ZY', 'Chief Executive Officer', 'London Manju Malhotra', 'Chief Financial Officer', 'Dear Shareholder Notice', ""Shareholders' Rights Regulations"", ""Shareholders' Rights) Regulations"", '2024 Annual Remuneration Report', ""Directors' remuneration policy"", 'Financial Services', 'Bridgwater Road', 'Annual Report', 'David Stevenson', 'MEETING Notice', 'other agent', 'financial year', 'IMMEDIATE ATTENTION', 'Ordinary Shares', 'Eventspace venue', '29 Finsbury Circus', 'The Pavilions', 'following expressions', 'following meanings', 'Equity Securities', 'subsidiary undertakings', 'nominal value', 'Duncan Owen', 'Non-Executive Chair', 'Registered office', 'Graham Clemett', 'Non-Executive Director', 'SW9 6DE', 'Nick Mackenzie', 'formal Notice', 'Markets Act', 'Investment Association', 'option holders', 'business Introduction', 'bank manager', 'accompanying form', 'Companies Act', 'DOCUMENT', 'doubt', 'action', 'advice', 'stockbroker', 'solicitor', 'accountant', 'proxy', 'purchaser', 'transferee', 'sale', 'delivery', 'part', 'England', 'Wales', 'number', 'LETTER', 'CHAIRMAN', 'Thursday', '25 July', 'use', 'connection', 'AGM', 'accordance', 'instructions', 'registrars', 'Tuesday', 'adjournment', 'less', '48 hours', 'working', 'time', 'Completion', 'return', 'context', 'pages', 'Accounts', 'reports', 'auditors', 'Articles', 'force', 'Board', 'section', 'LTIP', 'capital', 'June', 'information', 'explanation', '11.00 a', 'resolutions', 'changes', 'arrangements', 'location']",2024-06-13,2024-06-14,marketscreener.com
42668,Euroclear,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/INTEGRATED-DIAGNOSTICS-HO-22148927/news/Integrated-Diagnostics-EGM-Circular-2024-46965023/,Integrated Diagnostics : EGM Circular 2024,(marketscreener.com)   THIS DOCUMENT IS IMPORTANT AND REQUIRES YOUR IMMEDIATE ATTENTION.   If you are in any doubt as to the action you should take  you are recommended to seek your own personal financial advice immediately from your stockbroker  solicit…,"THIS DOCUMENT IS IMPORTANT AND REQUIRES YOUR IMMEDIATE ATTENTION. If you are in any doubt as to the action you should take  you are recommended to seek your own personal financial advice immediately from your stockbroker  solicitor  accountant or other independent financial adviser duly authorised under the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 if you are resident in the United Kingdom or  if not  from another appropriate authorised independent financial adviser. If you have sold or otherwise transferred all of your Shares  please forward this document and any accompanying documents  other than any personalised documents) at once to the purchaser or transferee or to the stockbroker  bank or other agent through whom the sale or transfer was effected  for delivery to the purchaser or transferee. However  neither this document nor any accompanying documents should be forwarded or transmitted in  into or from any jurisdiction where to do so would constitute a violation of the relevant laws of such jurisdiction. If you have sold or otherwise transferred only part of your holding of Shares  you should retain these documents. INTEGRATED DIAGNOSTICS HOLDINGS PLC Proposed Delisting of Shares from the Egyptian Exchange Repurchase of Shares pursuant to the Delisting Share Buyback Holding of Repurchased Shares as Treasury Shares CHAIRMAN'S LETTER AND NOTICE OF EXTRAORDINARY GENERAL MEETING 2024 Shareholders should read the whole of this document. Your attention is drawn to the letter from the Chairman of the Company in Part 1 of this Circular which recommends that you vote in favour of the resolutions to be proposed at the EGM. Notice of the Extraordinary General Meeting of Integrated Diagnostics Holdings plc to be held at the headquarters of Integrated Diagnostics Holdings plc  Building B216-F7  Smart Village  Giza  Egypt on Wednesday  12 June 2024 at 1.00 pm (BST) / 3.00 pm local time (EEST) is set out in Part 2 of this Circular. Whether or not you propose to attend the EGM  please complete your proxy vote online at www.signalshares.com by 1.00 pm (BST) / 3.00 pm local time (EEST) on Monday  10 June 2024 (or  in the case of an adjournment  not later than 48 hours  excluding non-working days  before the time fixed for the holding of the adjourned meeting). Alternatively  you can vote via the LinkVote+ app  CREST or Proxymity. Please refer to pages 11 to 15 of Part 2 of this Circular for further instructions. The Board remains keen to encourage engagement with Shareholders. To that end  the Directors would like to invite questions from Shareholders in advance of and during the EGM. Should Shareholders wish to submit questions to the Board prior to the deadline for proxy voting they can do so  and these will be responded to on an individual basis. In addition  the Board will offer Shareholders the opportunity to dial into the EGM  at which time they can also submit questions to the Board. Shareholders wishing to access the dial-in facility or submit questions are asked to email Tarek Yehia at tarek.yehia@idhcorp.com by close of business on Wednesday  5 June 2024. This Circular is not a prospectus and does not constitute or form part of  and should not be construed as  an investment recommendation or any offer for sale or subscription of  or solicitation of any offer to buy or subscribe for  any securities of the Company in any jurisdiction  including (without limitation) the United States  nor should it or any part of it form the basis of  or be relied on in connection with any contract or commitment whatsoever in any jurisdiction  including (without limitation) the United States. This Circular contains certain forward-looking statements. A forward-looking statement is any statement that does not relate to historical facts and events  and can be identified by the use of such words and phrases as ""according to estimates""  ""aims""  ""anticipates""  ""assumes""  ""believes""  ""could""  ""estimates""  ""expects""  ""forecasts""  ""intends""  ""is of the opinion""  ""may""  ""plans""  ""potential""  ""predicts""  ""projects""  ""should""  ""to the knowledge of""  ""will""  ""would"" or  in each case their negatives or other similar expressions  which are intended to identify a statement as forward-looking. This applies  in particular  to statements containing information on future financial results  plans  or expectations regarding business and management  future growth or profitability and general economic and regulatory conditions and other matters affecting the Company and its subsidiaries (the ""Group""). Forward-looking statements reflect the current views of the Group's management (""Management"") on future events  which are based on the assumptions of the Management and involve known and unknown risks  uncertainties and other factors that may cause the Group's actual results  performance or achievements to be materially different from any future results  performance or achievements expressed or implied by these forward-looking statements. The occurrence or non-occurrence of an assumption could cause the Group's actual financial condition and results of operations to differ materially from  or fail to meet expectations expressed or implied by  such forward-looking statements. The Group's business is subject to a number of risks and uncertainties that could also cause a forward-looking statement  estimate or prediction to differ materially from those expressed or implied by the forward-looking statements contained in this Circular. The information  opinions and forward-looking statements contained in this Circular speak only as at its date and are subject to change without notice. Save as required by applicable law  the Group does not undertake any obligation to review  update  confirm or to release publicly any revisions to any forward-looking statements to reflect events that occur or circumstances that arise in relation to the content of this Circular. The distribution of this Circular in certain jurisdictions may be restricted by law and persons into whose possession this Circular comes should inform themselves about and observe any relevant restrictions. In particular  subject to certain exceptions  this Circular is not for distribution  in whole or in part  directly or indirectly  in  into or from the United States  Canada  South Africa or Japan  or any jurisdiction where to do so would constitute a violation of the relevant laws of such jurisdiction. Any failure to comply with these restrictions may constitute a violation of the securities laws of any such jurisdictions. This Circular is and may be communicated only to (and is directed only at) persons to whom such communication may lawfully be made. 2PART 1 INTEGRATED DIAGNOSTICS HOLDINGS PLC LETTER FROM THE CHAIRMAN Registered Office Address: IFC 5  St Helier  Jersey  JE1 1ST  Channel Islands Dear Shareholder  Further to the announcement made by the Company on 16 May 2024 concerning the proposed delisting from the EGX (the ""EGX Delisting Announcement"")  I am pleased to enclose the Notice of the Extraordinary General Meeting (the ""EGM"") of Integrated Diagnostics Holdings Plc (the ""Company"") which will be held at the headquarters of Integrated Diagnostics Holdings plc  Building B216-F7  Smart Village  Giza  Egypt on Wednesday  12 June 2024 at 1.00 pm (British Summer Time (""BST"")) / 3.00 pm local time (Eastern European Summer Time (""EEST"")) (the ""Notice of EGM""). The Notice of EGM is set out at Part 2 of this Circular. A copy of this Notice of EGM can be viewed on our website at www.idhcorp.com. BUSINESS OF THE EGM In the EGX Delisting Announcement  the Company announced that it was proposing to voluntarily delist its ordinary shares (""Shares"") from the Egyptian Exchange (the ""EGX"") (the ""EGX Delisting"")  whilst maintaining its existing standard listing on the London Stock Exchange (the ""LSE""). The EGX Delisting is subject to  among other things  approval from the holders of the Shares (the ""Shareholders"") at the EGM and from the EGX. 1. Background On 17 November 2020  the Company announced it was contemplating a dual listing of its Shares on the EGX and  having received the approval of the Shareholders to facilitate the listing of the Shares on the EGX (the ""EGX Listing"")  on 20 May 2021 the Shares commenced trading on the EGX. Since that time  the Shares have been (i) admitted to listing on the Official List of the United Kingdom Financial Conduct Authority and to trading on the main market for listed securities of the LSE  and (ii) listed and traded on the EGX. The rationale for putting in place the EGX Listing included improving the liquidity in the Shares and driving up trading volumes by offering Egypt-based investors an opportunity to capitalise on the Company's strong growth and prospects  and widening the Company's investor base across an enlarged pool of geographically diverse investors. It was hoped that this would lead to increased participation from Egyptian retail and institutional investors as well as global emerging markets specialists who invest via the EGX  thereby improving liquidity in the Shares and driving up trading volumes  while simultaneously increasing the Company's local visibility in a market where it generates the majority of its business. Regrettably  as explained further below  the EGX Listing has not led to all of the benefits that had been hoped for  and the board of directors of the Company (the ""Board"" or the ""Directors"") has concluded that it would be in the best interests of the Company and of Shareholders generally to proceed with the EGX Delisting. 2. Proposed Voluntary EGX Delisting - Resolution 1 Your Board has been reviewing the benefits of maintaining the EGX Listing  including whether the anticipated benefits envisaged in 2020 have been achieved. Whilst the Board considers that some of these benefits have been achieved  the Board now believes that maintaining the EGX Listing is no longer in the best interests of the Company and of Shareholders generally. In particular  since the completion of the EGX Listing the Company has seen continuing low liquidity and trading volumes of the Shares on the EGX and the absence of any investment potential in maintaining the listing on this secondary market. 3Accordingly  as announced in the EGX Delisting Announcement  the Board has decided to proceed with the EGX Delisting. Consistent with Egyptian regulations and practice for Egyptian-incorporated companies seeking to delist from the EGX  the EGX Delisting is subject to certain conditions. These include  among others  that the Company obtain approval from the Shareholders for the EGX Delisting  as proposed by Resolution 1. A copy of the EGX Delisting Announcement  including the summary of the resolutions passed by the Board on 15 May 2024 (the ""Board Resolution Date"") in relation to the proposed EGX Delisting  along with the disclosure report containing various disclosures prescribed by certain applicable Egyptian legal and regulatory requirements  can be viewed on our website at www.idhcorp.com. The EGX Delisting will have no impact on the Company's day-to-day operations in Egypt  the Middle East and Africa  where the Company remains committed to being a leading consumer healthcare company. The EGX Delisting will also not impact the Company's existing standard listing on the LSE  and the Company will remain fully committed to meeting the disclosure requirements of companies listed on the LSE. As set out in paragraphs 3 and 7 of this Letter  Shareholders who currently hold their interests in the Company's Shares on the EGX (EGX ticker code IDH.CA and ISIN code EGS99021C015) will be able to transfer those interests to the LSE (LSE ticker code IDHC and ISIN code JE00BLKGSR75). In order to facilitate the EGX Delisting  certain approvals are being sought from Shareholders at the EGM to: approve the EGX Delisting (as set out in this paragraph 2 of this Letter) ( Resolution 1 ); approve the buyback of EGX Shares (as defined below) (the "" Delisting Share Buyback "") (further details are set out in paragraphs 4 and 5 of this Letter) ( Resolution 2 ); and approve the holding of EGX Shares repurchased pursuant to the Delisting Share Buyback as treasury shares (further details are set out in paragraph 6 of this Letter) ( Resolutions 3 and 4 )  (collectively  the ""Delisting Resolutions""). Resolutions 1 and 2 will be proposed as special resolutions  which means that for them to be passed  three-quarters or more of the votes cast must be in favour of the resolutions. Resolutions 3 and 4 will be proposed as ordinary resolutions  which means that for them to be passed  more than half of the votes cast must be in favour of the resolutions. Each of the Delisting Resolutions will be decided by poll pursuant to the Company's Articles of Association. This is a more transparent method of voting as shareholder votes are counted according to the number of Shares held and this will ensure an exact and definitive result. It should be noted that each of the Delisting Resolutions is conditional upon each other Delisting Resolution being approved  and the EGX Delisting will not proceed and become effective unless all the Delisting Resolutions are approved at the EGM. Assuming the Delisting Resolutions are duly approved at the EGM  the EGX Delisting will be deemed completed upon (a) the issuance of a delisting decision in respect of the Shares by the Listing Committee of the EGX  and (b) the removal of the Company's information from the EGX's database (the date of such completion  the ""EGX Delisting Date""). The Company is targeting to complete the EGX Delisting by the end of the third quarter of the year ending 31 December 2024 (""Q3 2024""). A further announcement confirming this will be made by the Company in due course. In addition to the Delisting Resolutions  the EGX Delisting is subject to the completion of a number of steps and registrations  including  but not limited to  final approval from the EGX. There can be no guarantee that such approval will be received in a timely fashion or at all  in which case the EGX Delisting would not take place in accordance with the proposed timeframe. If any of the Delisting Resolutions is not approved at the EGM (1) the EGX Delisting will not proceed  the Company will continue to be dual listed on the LSE and the EGX  and (3) the Transfer Suspension (as defined below) will be lifted as of the conclusion of the EGM. 43. Transfer Suspension In connection with the establishment of the EGX Listing in 2021  a share transfer mechanism was established pursuant to which: Shareholders who hold Shares traded on the main market for listed securities of the LSE within CREST (as defined below) ("" LSE Shares "") can move their LSE Shares across to the EGX to be held as EGX Shares (an "" LSE to EGX Share Transfer ""); and Shareholders who hold Shares traded on the EGX held by Misr for Central Clearing  Depository and Registry ("" MCDR "") ("" EGX Shares ""  and such Shareholders  "" EGX Shareholders "") can move their EGX Shares across to the LSE to be held as LSE Shares (an "" EGX to LSE Share Transfer "")  (the ""Share Transfer Mechanism""). Details of the Share Transfer Mechanism can be found on the Company's website at https://investors.idhcorp.com/en/share-transfer-mechanism-and-documents. As announced in the EGX Delisting Announcement  in preparation for the EGX Delisting the Company suspended all LSE to EGX Share Transfers  and no further LSE to EGX Share Transfers have been or will be processed  with effect from 7.00 am (BST) on 16 May 2024 (the ""Stop Date"") (the ""Transfer Suspension"") (save as described below). It should be noted that EGX to LSE Share Transfers have not been suspended and EGX Shareholders will continue to be able to move their EGX Shares across to the LSE to be held as LSE Shares. The Transfer Suspension will be in force until the earlier of: the EGX Delisting Date  in which case the Share Transfer Mechanism will no longer be in operation; in the event any of the Delisting Resolutions are not approved at the EGM  the conclusion of the EGM; and in the event the EGX Delisting does not otherwise proceed  such other time and date as announced by the Company. 4. Delisting Share Buyback Consistent with Egyptian regulations and practice for Egyptian-incorporated companies seeking to delist from the EGX  if the Delisting Resolutions are duly approved at the EGM  all EGX Shareholders  as well as any creditor who has the benefit of a mortgage over any EGX Shares (""Mortgaged Creditors"")  as at the commencement date of the Delisting Buyback Period (as defined below)  will have the ability to require the Company to acquire the EGX Shares held by them or mortgaged in favour of them (as the case may be) on the EGX during the specified period determined by the Company  as noted below (the ""Delisting Buyback Period"")  and subject to further terms and conditions (such persons  the ""Selling Shareholders""  and such EGX Shares acquired by the Company from the Selling Shareholders  the ""Delisting Sale Shares""). All EGX Shareholders and Mortgaged Creditors will have the ability to require the Company to acquire their Delisting Sale Shares during the Delisting Buyback Period pursuant to the Delisting Share Buyback regardless of whether they have voted on the Delisting Resolutions and  if they did  irrespective of how they voted. The Delisting Share Buyback will be administered by a broker to be engaged by the Company (the ""Broker"")  and it is currently anticipated that the Delisting Buyback Period will commence in July 2024 and extend for a period of approximately 30 calendar days. The Company will announce the Delisting Buyback Period in due course. The price to be paid by the Company to the Selling Shareholders is 18.62 Egyptian pounds per Delisting Sale Share (exclusive of expenses) (the ""Delisting Buyback Price""  and the total amount to be paid by the Company for all Delisting Sale Shares acquired pursuant to the Delisting Share Buyback (exclusive of expenses)  the ""Total Buyback Consideration""). The Company will pay all brokerage commissions and administrative fees/costs on the EGX for the acquisition of the Delisting Sale Shares pursuant to the Delisting Share Buyback. Each Selling Shareholder shall be responsible for its own expenses relating to the sale of its Delisting Sale Shares pursuant to the Delisting Share Buyback. 5Any Shareholder who is in any doubt as to their tax  legal or financial position or liabilities in relation to their EGX Shares  the Delisting Share Buyback  or any other matter set out in this Circular  should consult their own independent professional adviser(s) without delay. Further details of the Delisting Share Buyback  including the relevant timeline  the Delisting Buyback Period and the actions an EGX Shareholder or Mortgaged Creditor needs to take to sell its EGX Shares (or EGX Shares mortgaged in favour of it)  will be announced by the Company in due course. 5. Repurchase of Shares at the Delisting Buyback Price - Resolution 2 At the annual general meeting of the Company for the year ended 31 December 2023  which is scheduled to be held on 29 May 2024  the Company will seek customary Shareholder authority to  among other things  make market purchases of up to 60 000 000 Shares in the capital of the Company (being approximately 10% of the Company's current issued share capital) at prices not less than the nominal value of an ordinary share and not exceeding 105% of the average of the middle market quotations for the five business days before each purchase (exclusive of expenses) (""AGM Resolution 15""). Your Directors have no current plans to make any such purchases  but the ability to repurchase the Company's Shares is one of the options for the effective management of the Company's capital which they keep under review. It is envisaged that such purchases would only be made after considering the effect upon earnings per Share and the benefits for Shareholders generally of doing so. However  as noted above  and consistent with Egyptian regulations and practice for Egyptian-incorporated companies seeking to delist from the EGX  EGX Shareholders and Mortgaged Creditors will have the ability to require the Company to acquire their Delisting Sale Shares pursuant to the Delisting Share Buyback. Accordingly  pursuant to Resolution 2  and in addition to any and all existing authorities (whether pursuant to AGM Resolution 15 or otherwise)  the Company is seeking a separate authority to be able to repurchase its own Shares at the Delisting Buyback Price in order to complete the Delisting Share Buyback should the Company be required to purchase any Delisting Sale Shares in connecting with the EGX Delisting. The Delisting Buyback Price was approved by the Board and determined using an approach that is consistent with Egyptian regulations and practice for Egyptian-incorporated companies seeking to delist from the EGX. More specifically  the Delisting Buyback Price was calculated based on the highest of: the highest closing price of the Shares on the EGX during the month preceding the Board Resolution Date; the highest closing price of the Shares on the LSE during the month preceding the Board Resolution Date (converted into Egyptian pounds based on the prevailing US dollar to Egyptian pound exchange rate on the date of such highest closing price); the average closing prices of the Shares on the EGX during the three months preceding the Board Resolution Date; and the average closing prices of the Shares on the LSE during the three months preceding the Board Resolution Date (after converting into Egyptian pounds based on the average US dollar to Egyptian pound exchange rate for the same period)  and will be paid to Selling Shareholders in Egyptian pounds. Accordingly  the Delisting Buyback Price may be higher than 105% of the average of the middle market quotations for the five business days before the date of the relevant purchase (exclusive of expenses). The maximum number of Shares that could be repurchased by the Company pursuant to Resolution 2 would be 30 104 435 Shares  representing the total number of EGX Shares as at 16 May 2024  being the Stop Date. In practice  the Company expects that a proportion of the EGX Shares will be transferred across to the LSE and will not be required to be repurchased by the Company. 6The authority set out in Resolution 2 will unless previously renewed  varied or revoked by the Company in general meeting) expire at the earlier of (a) the conclusion of the next annual general meeting of the Company following the date of the EGM  and (b) at close of business on the day falling 15 months after the date of the EGM. For illustrative purposes only  based on 30 104 435 EGX Shares  being the total number of EGX Shares as at 16 May 2024  and the Delisting Buyback Price of 18.62 Egyptian pounds per Delisting Sale Share  the maximum Total Buyback Consideration payable by the Company would be 560 544 579.7 Egyptian pounds. The Delisting Share Buyback will be funded using the Company's existing financial resources and/or new financing. The Directors have  prior to making the decision to proceed with the EGX Delisting and the Delisting Share Buyback  considered the effect upon earnings per Share and the benefits for Shareholders generally of the Delisting Share Buyback. There were no options over Shares outstanding as at the date of this Circular. 6. Treasury Shares - Resolutions 3 and 4 Resolution 3 proposes that the Company may hold any of its own Shares that it purchases pursuant to the authority conferred by Resolution 2 as treasury shares. This would give the Company the ability to re-issue treasury shares quickly and cost effectively and would provide the Company with greater flexibility in the management of its capital base. Resolution 4 proposes that the Company be enabled to execute and deliver all such documents as necessary to hold the Shares it purchases pursuant to the authority conferred by Resolution 2 as treasury shares. The Board unanimously recommends that you vote in favour of each of the Delisting Resolutions  as the Directors intend to do in respect of their own beneficial shareholdings where applicable. 7. Options available to EGX Shareholders If the Delisting Resolutions are duly approved at the EGM  the EGX Shareholders will have the following options: Option 1: Conduct EGX to LSE Share Transfers pursuant to the Share Transfer Mechanism EGX Shareholders will continue to have the ability to conduct EGX to LSE Share Transfers pursuant to the Share Transfer Mechanism  provided that such EGX to LSE Share Transfers are initiated before the EGX Delisting Date. Such Shares will thereafter be capable of settlement in the system for the paperless settlement of trades in securities and the holding of uncertificated securities in accordance with the Uncertificated Securities Regulations 2001 (SI 2001 No.3755) operated by Euroclear UK & International Limited (""CREST""). EGX Shareholders should note that electing this option would require them to have access to the facilities of a CREST member / participant to receive the Shares in CREST (usually by way of having a brokerage account with a custodian that is a CREST member / participant). Option 2: Sell EGX Shares to the Company pursuant to the Delisting Share Buyback As set out in paragraphs 4 and 5 of this Letter  EGX Shareholders will have the ability to require the Company to acquire their EGX Shares during the Delisting Buyback Period pursuant to the Delisting Share Buyback  and receive the Delisting Buyback Price of 18.62 Egyptian pounds for each such EGX Share sold. Further details are set out in paragraphs 4 and 5 of this Letter. Option 3: Sell EGX Shares to one or more third parties Before the EGX Delisting Date  EGX Shareholders will  subject to market conditions and prevailing demand  be able to sell their EGX Shares to one or more third party buyers on the EGX. EGX Shareholders who do not take any of the three options set out above Following the EGX Delisting Date  any EGX Shares not moved across to the LSE pursuant to an EGX to LSE Share Transfer or sold to the Company pursuant to the Delisting Share Buyback will no longer be capable of being traded on the EGX (such Shares  the ""Remaining Shares""). 7The Company will  in accordance with the Company's Articles of Association and the laws of Jersey  take such steps as necessary to ensure that the Remaining Shares are no longer held by MCDR  and instead are held directly by such Shareholders (the ""Remaining Shareholders"") as indicated in the register maintained by MCDR as at the EGX Delisting Date. These steps include  among others  making the relevant entries in the Company's share register to reflect the Remaining Shareholders as the holders of their respective Remaining Shares in place of MCDR  and issuing share certificates to the Remaining Shareholders in respect of their holdings of Remaining Shares. Thereafter  the Remaining Shareholders can  provided that they take all necessary steps and actions as prescribed by the rules and procedures of CREST and the LSE  hold their Remaining Shares as LSE Shares that can be traded on the main market for listed securities of the LSE. Any such actions by the Company shall be without prejudice to the Company's obligations (if any)  remaining outstanding as at the EGX Delisting Date  to settle amounts owed to any Shareholder  including any Remaining Shareholder. Shareholders are required to come to their own decisions in respect of their EGX Shares  the Delisting Share Buyback  and any other matter set out in this Circular  and are recommended to consult their own legal  financial or taxation advisers  stockbroker  bank manager  solicitor  accountant and/or other independent professional advisers. 8. Costs and Expenses In addition to the Total Buyback Consideration to be paid by the Company to Selling Shareholders pursuant to the Delisting Share Buyback  the Company expects to incur costs and expenses in relation to the EGX Delisting. These include (i) fees payable to the Egyptian Financial Regulatory Authority and the EGX  including the administrative fees/costs relating to the Delisting Share Buyback  any fees  expenses and brokerage commissions payable to the Broker  and (iii) the fees and expenses of the Company's advisers  including Clifford Chance LLP (English counsel to the Company)  Ogier (Jersey) LLP (Jersey counsel to the Company) and Matouk Bassiouny & Hennawy (Egyptian counsel to the Company). 9. Timeline The EGM will take place on Wednesday  12 June 2024 at 1.00 pm (BST) / 3.00 pm local time (EEST). Assuming the Delisting Resolutions are duly approved by Shareholders at the EGM  it is expected that the Delisting Share Buyback will commence in July 2024 and extend for a period of approximately 30 calendar days  and the EGX Delisting will complete by the end of Q3 2024. The Company will announce the Delisting Buyback Period in due course. VOTING  RECOMMENDATION & QUESTIONS The Board unanimously recommends that you vote in favour of each of the Delisting Resolutions  as the Directors intend to do in respect of their own beneficial shareholdings where applicable. The Board remains keen to encourage engagement with Shareholders. To that end  the Directors would like to invite questions from Shareholders in advance of and during the EGM. Should Shareholders wish to submit questions to the Board prior to the deadline for proxy voting they can do so  and these will be responded to on an individual basis. In addition  the Board will offer shareholders the opportunity to dial into the EGM  at which time they can also submit questions to the Board. Shareholders wishing to access the dial-in facility or submit questions are asked to email Tarek Yehia at tarek.yehia@idhcorp.com by close of business on Wednesday  5 June 2024. If you are unable to attend the EGM but would like to vote on the Delisting Resolutions  I kindly request for you to submit your proxy vote online at www.signalshares.com or in accordance with the instructions set out in note 2 of the Notice of EGM on pages 11 to 15. All proxy instructions must be received no later than 1.00 pm (BST) on Monday  10 June 2024. Yours faithfully  LORD ANTHONY ST JOHN  CHAIRMAN Dated: 24 May 2024 8PART 2 INTEGRATED DIAGNOSTICS HOLDINGS PLC (Incorporated in Jersey with registered number 117257) NOTICE OF EXTRAORDINARY GENERAL MEETING Notice is hereby given that an Extraordinary General Meeting of the Shareholders of Integrated Diagnostics Holdings Plc (the ""Company"") will be held at the headquarters of Integrated Diagnostics Holdings plc  Building B216-F7  Smart Village  Giza  Egypt on Wednesday  12 June 2024 at 1.00 pm (BST) / 3.00 pm local time (EEST)  for the following purposes: SPECIAL RESOLUTIONS To consider and  if thought fit  pass the following special resolution which  in accordance with Article 3 of the Company's Articles of Association will require a majority of three-fourths of the members voting in person or by proxy on this resolution to be passed:THAT  subject to and conditional upon the passing of the other resolutions in the notice convening the meeting at which this resolution was proposed  the Company is hereby generally and unconditionally authorised to delist voluntarily the Company's Equity Securities from the Egyptian Exchange (the "" EGX "")  and to take all necessary steps and procedures with all governmental and non-governmental authorities  including but not limited to the Egyptian Financial Regulatory Authority  Misr for Central Clearing  Depository and Registry and the EGX to effect the voluntary delisting from the EGX. To consider and  if thought fit  pass the following special resolution which  in accordance with Article 3 of the Company's Articles of Association will require a majority of three-fourths of the members voting in person or by proxy on this resolution to be passed:THAT  subject to and conditional upon the passing of the other resolutions in the notice convening the meeting at which this resolution was proposed  and in addition to any and all existing authorities  the Company is hereby generally and unconditionally authorised pursuant to Article 57 of the Companies (Jersey) Law 1991 to make market purchases of Equity Securities admitted to trading on the EGX as at 16 May 2024 on such terms and in such manner as the Directors shall determine  provided that : the maximum number of Equity Securities authorised to be purchased is 30 104 435  representing up to approximately 5.02% of the sum of the total issued ordinary share capital of the Company and being 100% of the Equity Securities admitted to trading on the EGX as at 16 May 2024; and the price (exclusive of expenses) which may be paid for each Equity Security is 18.62 Egyptian pounds being both the minimum and maximum price for the purposes of Article 57 of the Companies (Jersey) Law 1991  and this authority will (unless previously renewed  varied or revoked by the Company in general meeting) expire at the conclusion of the next annual general meeting of the Company held after the date on which this resolution is passed or  if earlier  at close of business on the day falling 15 months after that date  save that the Company may make a contract to purchase Equity Securities under this authority before this authority expires which will or may be executed wholly or partly after its expiration. ORDINARY RESOLUTIONS 3. To consider and  if thought fit  pass the following ordinary resolution which will require a simple majority of the members voting in person or by proxy on this resolution to be passed: THAT  subject to and conditional upon the passing of the other resolutions in the notice convening the meeting at which this resolution was proposed  and pursuant to Article 58A (1)(b) of the Companies (Jersey) Law 1991  the Company is hereby generally and unconditionally authorised to hold the Equity Securities purchased pursuant to the authority conferred by Resolution 2 as treasury shares in accordance with the provisions of the Companies (Jersey) Law 1991. 9",neutral,0.0,0.99,0.01,negative,0.01,0.07,0.92,True,English,"['Integrated Diagnostics', 'EGM Circular', 'appropriate authorised independent financial adviser', 'INTEGRATED DIAGNOSTICS HOLDINGS PLC', 'other independent financial adviser', 'Delisting Share Buyback Holding', 'personal financial advice', 'Egyptian Exchange Repurchase', 'actual financial condition', 'other similar expressions', 'EXTRAORDINARY GENERAL MEETING 2024', 'future financial results', 'Financial Services', 'general economic', 'other agent', 'other matters', 'other factors', 'actual results', 'future growth', 'future results', 'Markets Act', 'United Kingdom', 'relevant laws', 'Smart Village', 'proxy vote', 'LinkVote+ app', 'proxy voting', 'investment recommendation', 'United States', 'historical facts', 'regulatory conditions', 'current views', 'unknown risks', 'accompanying documents', 'personalised documents', 'forward-looking statements', 'future events', 'IMMEDIATE ATTENTION', 'local time', 'individual basis', 'Repurchased Shares', 'Treasury Shares', 'The Board', 'Tarek Yehia', 'doubt', 'action', 'stockbroker', 'solicitor', 'accountant', 'purchaser', 'transferee', 'bank', 'sale', 'delivery', 'jurisdiction', 'violation', 'part', 'CHAIRMAN', 'LETTER', 'NOTICE', 'Shareholders', 'Circular', 'favour', 'resolutions', 'EGM', 'headquarters', 'Giza', 'Wednesday', 'June', 'BST', 'EEST', 'signalshares', 'Monday', 'case', 'adjournment', '48 hours', 'non', 'working', 'CREST', 'Proxymity', 'pages', 'instructions', 'engagement', 'Directors', 'questions', 'advance', 'deadline', 'addition', 'opportunity', 'facility', 'idhcorp', 'close', 'business', 'prospectus', 'offer', 'subscription', 'solicitation', 'securities', 'limitation', 'connection', 'contract', 'commitment', 'use', 'words', 'phrases', 'estimates', 'aims', 'expects', 'forecasts', 'opinion', 'plans', 'predicts', 'projects', 'knowledge', 'negatives', 'information', 'expectations', 'management', 'profitability', 'subsidiaries', 'Group', 'assumptions', 'uncertainties', 'performance', 'achievements', 'occurrence', 'operations', '1.00', '3.00']",2024-06-13,2024-06-14,marketscreener.com
42669,Euroclear,Bing API,https://www.taipeitimes.com/News/front/archives/2024/06/15/2003819370,Biden  Zelenskiy hail US$50bn G7 loan to Ukraine,G7 leaders on Thursday agreed on a new US$50 billion loan for Ukraine using profits from frozen Russian assets  a move US President Joe Biden said showed Moscow “we’re not backing down.” The US president and other G7 leaders agreed at a summit in Italy to use the profits from the interest on the assets to back the loan to provide help to Kyiv as it struggles in its third year of war with Russia.,Biden  Zelenskiy hail US$50bn G7 loan to UkraineAFP  BARI  ItalyG7 leaders on Thursday agreed on a new US$50 billion loan for Ukraine using profits from frozen Russian assets  a move US President Joe Biden said showed Moscow “we’re not backing down.”The US president and other G7 leaders agreed at a summit in Italy to use the profits from the interest on the assets to back the loan to provide help to Kyiv as it struggles in its third year of war with Russia.Summit host Italian Prime Minister Giorgia Meloni announced the “political agreement” after the first day of talks in Puglia  saying it was a hard-fought  but “fundamental” step.US President Joe Biden  right  and Ukrainian President Volodymyr Zelenskiy shake hands after signing a bilateral security agreement at a news conference on the sidelines of the G7 Summit in Savelletri  Italy  on Thursday. Photo: AFPMeloni invited Ukrainian President Volodymyr Zelenskiy to join a special session on the Ukraine war alongside the leaders of Germany  France  Canada  Japan and the UK.At a joint news conference with the Ukrainian leader afterward  Biden said the deal emphasized to Russian President Vladimir Putin the long-term commitment of Kyiv’s allies.With it  the G7 leaders “collectively show Putin he cannot wait us out  he cannot divide us ” he said.Earlier at the Borgo Egnazia resort  Zelenskiy said the loan was a “vital step forward in providing sustainable support for Ukraine in winning this war.”He said it would go toward “both defense and reconstruction.”However  he said Ukrainian forces still need more air-defense systems to help counter attacks by Moscow  which has been pummeling Kyiv’s frontline troops and the nation’s power grid.The EU earlier this year agreed to help Kyiv by using the profits from the interest on Russian central bank assets frozen by Western allies — the majority of them held in the bloc — but Washington had been pushing for more and faster help through a huge upfront loan.A senior Biden administration official said the US was willing to provide up to US$50 billion  but said its contribution could be “significantly less ” as it would be a shared initiative.“We will not be the only lenders. This will be a loan syndicate. We’re going to share the risk  because we have a shared commitment to get this done ” the official said on condition of anonymity.He would not say how much other G7 nations would contribute  nor did any other leaders.G7 nations  which count the EU as their unofficial eighth member  have been Ukraine’s key military and financial backers since Russia invaded in February 2022.The G7 and the EU have frozen about 300 billion euros (US$323 billion) of Russian assets  much of it frozen by Euroclear  an international deposit organization based in Belgium.EU nations say they could generate 2.5 billion to 3.0 billion euros a year for Kyiv from the profits on the interest.German Chancellor Olaf Scholz hailed the loan agreement as a “historic step” and a “clear signal to the Russian president that he cannot simply sit this matter out.”“The basis has been created for Ukraine to be in a position to procure everything it needs ... in the near future  in terms of weapons  but also in terms of investment in reconstruction or in energy infrastructure ” he said.Zelenskiy has been engaged in a flurry of diplomacy aimed at shoring up international support  from a reconstruction conference in Berlin earlier this week to a peace conference in Switzerland this weekend.In Puglia on Thursday  he also signed what he called a “historic” 10-year security deal with Biden  and another with Japan.,neutral,0.09,0.88,0.03,negative,0.03,0.33,0.64,True,English,"['US$50bn G7 loan', 'Biden', 'Zelenskiy', 'Ukraine', 'Italian Prime Minister Giorgia Meloni', 'German Chancellor Olaf Scholz', '2.5 billion to 3.0 billion euros', 'new US$50 billion loan', 'US President Joe Biden', 'Russian central bank assets', 'senior Biden administration official', 'Russian President Vladimir Putin', 'Ukrainian President Volodymyr Zelenskiy', 'US$50bn G7 loan', 'Borgo Egnazia resort', 'unofficial eighth member', 'international deposit organization', 'huge upfront loan', 'bilateral security agreement', '10-year security deal', 'joint news conference', 'other G7 nations', 'other G7 leaders', '300 billion euros', 'Russian assets', 'AFP Meloni', 'Ukrainian leader', 'Ukrainian forces', 'loan agreement', 'other leaders', 'The G7', 'international support', 'loan syndicate', 'political agreement', 'peace conference', 'G7 Summit', 'third year', 'first day', 'fundamental” step', 'special session', 'vital step', 'sustainable support', 'air-defense systems', 'frontline troops', 'power grid', 'faster help', 'shared initiative', 'key military', 'financial backers', 'historic step', 'clear signal', 'near future', 'energy infrastructure', 'Summit host', 'EU nations', 'reconstruction conference', 'long-term commitment', 'Western allies', 'Ukraine war', 'BARI', 'Italy', 'Thursday', 'profits', 'move', 'Moscow', 'interest', 'Kyiv', 'talks', 'Puglia', 'hard', 'fought', 'hands', 'sidelines', 'Savelletri', 'Photo', 'Germany', 'France', 'Canada', 'Japan', 'counter', 'attacks', 'majority', 'bloc', 'Washington', 'contribution', 'lenders', 'risk', 'condition', 'anonymity', 'February', 'Euroclear', 'Belgium', 'matter', 'basis', 'position', 'everything', 'terms', 'weapons', 'investment', 'flurry', 'diplomacy', 'Berlin', 'Switzerland']",2024-06-15,2024-06-14,taipeitimes.com
42670,Euroclear,Bing API,https://www.airforce-technology.com/news/from-russia-with-interest-g7-to-loan-ukraine-50bn-from-moscows-frozen-assets/,From Russia with interest: G7 to loan Ukraine $50bn from Moscow’s frozen assets,The G7 will use annual interest from $325bn in frozen Russian assets to pay off interest on a $50bn loan for Ukraine’s war effort.,"Ukrainian President Volodymyr Zelensky (left) and US President Joe Biden (right) also signed a ten-year bilateral security pact at the G7 summit in Puglia  Italy. Credit: Ukrainian Presidency / Getty.Leaders at the G7 summit in Italy have signed off on a controversial move to use the interest from frozen Russian assets to raise $50bn for Ukraine’s war effort.Free Report Latest Updates on the Ukraine/Russia Crisis Whilst at its core a humanitarian crisis  the Russian invasion of Ukraine risks adding materially to existing global economic and supply challenges. We are likely heading into a period in which geopolitics will become a regular part of boardroom discussions. Recent developments have seen Russian companies make significant progress around the world to supply countries with equipment in various Aerospace  Defense & Security sectors. This means that countries dependent on Russian arms for their security calculations should review all purchases and clauses regarding their programs and payments. Download GlobalData’s 5th Ukraine Conflict Executive Briefing to learn more. This report is part of a continued series that is renewed monthly with the latest data and analysis  as the conflict develops and has wider implications across sectors. Access the latest macro-economic forecasts  charts with the latest data  and our updated sanctions tracker  as well as our updated sector scorecards to reflect the current views on the impact of the crisis at a company level. Thank you. You will receive an email shortly. Please check your inbox to download the Report. Related Company Profiles Washington Federal Inc Canada Goose Holdings Inc Japan Post Holdings Co Ltd Euroclear Holding SA/NV View all By GlobalData Submit Country Code * UK (+44) USA (+1) Algeria (+213) Andorra (+376) Angola (+244) Anguilla (+1264) Antigua & Barbuda (+1268) Argentina (+54) Armenia (+374) Aruba (+297) Australia (+61) Austria (+43) Azerbaijan (+994) Bahamas (+1242) Bahrain (+973) Bangladesh (+880) Barbados (+1246) Belarus (+375) Belgium (+32) Belize (+501) Benin (+229) Bermuda (+1441) Bhutan (+975) Bolivia (+591) Bosnia Herzegovina (+387) Botswana (+267) Brazil (+55) Brunei (+673) Bulgaria (+359) Burkina Faso (+226) Burundi (+257) Cambodia (+855) Cameroon (+237) Canada (+1) Cape Verde Islands (+238) Cayman Islands (+1345) Central African Republic (+236) Chile (+56) China (+86) Colombia (+57) Comoros (+269) Congo (+242) Cook Islands (+682) Costa Rica (+506) Croatia (+385) Cuba (+53) Cyprus North (+90392) Cyprus South (+357) Czech Republic (+42) Denmark (+45) Djibouti (+253) Dominica (+1809) Dominican Republic (+1809) Ecuador (+593) Egypt (+20) El Salvador (+503) Equatorial Guinea (+240) Eritrea (+291) Estonia (+372) Ethiopia (+251) Falkland Islands (+500) Faroe Islands (+298) Fiji (+679) Finland (+358) France (+33) French Guiana (+594) French Polynesia (+689) Gabon (+241) Gambia (+220) Georgia (+7880) Germany (+49) Ghana (+233) Gibraltar (+350) Greece (+30) Greenland (+299) Grenada (+1473) Guadeloupe (+590) Guam (+671) Guatemala (+502) Guinea (+224) Guinea - Bissau (+245) Guyana (+592) Haiti (+509) Honduras (+504) Hong Kong (+852) Hungary (+36) Iceland (+354) India (+91) Indonesia (+62) Iran (+98) Iraq (+964) Ireland (+353) Israel (+972) Italy (+39) Jamaica (+1876) Japan (+81) Jordan (+962) Kazakhstan (+7) Kenya (+254) Kiribati (+686) Korea North (+850) Korea South (+82) Kuwait (+965) Kyrgyzstan (+996) Laos (+856) Latvia (+371) Lebanon (+961) Lesotho (+266) Liberia (+231) Libya (+218) Liechtenstein (+417) Lithuania (+370) Luxembourg (+352) Macao (+853) Macedonia (+389) Madagascar (+261) Malawi (+265) Malaysia (+60) Maldives (+960) Mali (+223) Malta (+356) Marshall Islands (+692) Martinique (+596) Mauritania (+222) Mayotte (+269) Mexico (+52) Micronesia (+691) Moldova (+373) Monaco (+377) Mongolia (+976) Montserrat (+1664) Morocco (+212) Mozambique (+258) Myanmar (+95) Namibia (+264) Nauru (+674) Nepal (+977) Netherlands (+31) New Caledonia (+687) New Zealand (+64) Nicaragua (+505) Niger (+227) Nigeria (+234) Niue (+683) Norfolk Islands (+672) Northern Marianas (+670) Norway (+47) Oman (+968) Palau (+680) Panama (+507) Papua New Guinea (+675) Paraguay (+595) Peru (+51) Philippines (+63) Poland (+48) Portugal (+351) Puerto Rico (+1787) Qatar (+974) Reunion (+262) Romania (+40) Russia (+7) Rwanda (+250) San Marino (+378) Sao Tome & Principe (+239) Saudi Arabia (+966) Senegal (+221) Serbia (+381) Seychelles (+248) Sierra Leone (+232) Singapore (+65) Slovak Republic (+421) Slovenia (+386) Solomon Islands (+677) Somalia (+252) South Africa (+27) Spain (+34) Sri Lanka (+94) St. Helena (+290) St. Kitts (+1869) St. Lucia (+1758) Sudan (+249) Suriname (+597) Swaziland (+268) Sweden (+46) Switzerland (+41) Syria (+963) Taiwan (+886) Tajikstan (+7) Thailand (+66) Togo (+228) Tonga (+676) Trinidad & Tobago (+1868) Tunisia (+216) Turkey (+90) Turkmenistan (+7) Turkmenistan (+993) Turks & Caicos Islands (+1649) Tuvalu (+688) Uganda (+256) Ukraine (+380) United Arab Emirates (+971) Uruguay (+598) Uzbekistan (+7) Vanuatu (+678) Vatican City (+379) Venezuela (+58) Vietnam (+84) Virgin Islands - British (+1284) Virgin Islands - US (+1340) Wallis & Futuna (+681) Yemen (North)(+969) Yemen (South)(+967) Zambia (+260) Zimbabwe (+263) Country * UK USA Afghanistan Åland Islands Albania Algeria American Samoa Andorra Angola Anguilla Antarctica Antigua and Barbuda Argentina Armenia Aruba Australia Austria Azerbaijan Bahamas Bahrain Bangladesh Barbados Belarus Belgium Belize Benin Bermuda Bhutan Bolivia Bonaire  Sint Eustatius and Saba Bosnia and Herzegovina Botswana Bouvet Island Brazil British Indian Ocean Territory Brunei Darussalam Bulgaria Burkina Faso Burundi Cambodia Cameroon Canada Cape Verde Cayman Islands Central African Republic Chad Chile China Christmas Island Cocos Islands Colombia Comoros Congo Democratic Republic of the Congo Cook Islands Costa Rica Côte d""Ivoire Croatia Cuba Curaçao Cyprus Czech Republic Denmark Djibouti Dominica Dominican Republic Ecuador Egypt El Salvador Equatorial Guinea Eritrea Estonia Ethiopia Falkland Islands Faroe Islands Fiji Finland France French Guiana French Polynesia French Southern Territories Gabon Gambia Georgia Germany Ghana Gibraltar Greece Greenland Grenada Guadeloupe Guam Guatemala Guernsey Guinea Guinea-Bissau Guyana Haiti Heard Island and McDonald Islands Holy See Honduras Hong Kong Hungary Iceland India Indonesia Iran Iraq Ireland Isle of Man Israel Italy Jamaica Japan Jersey Jordan Kazakhstan Kenya Kiribati North Korea South Korea Kuwait Kyrgyzstan Lao Latvia Lebanon Lesotho Liberia Libyan Arab Jamahiriya Liechtenstein Lithuania Luxembourg Macao Macedonia  The Former Yugoslav Republic of Madagascar Malawi Malaysia Maldives Mali Malta Marshall Islands Martinique Mauritania Mauritius Mayotte Mexico Micronesia Moldova Monaco Mongolia Montenegro Montserrat Morocco Mozambique Myanmar Namibia Nauru Nepal Netherlands New Caledonia New Zealand Nicaragua Niger Nigeria Niue Norfolk Island Northern Mariana Islands Norway Oman Pakistan Palau Palestinian Territory Panama Papua New Guinea Paraguay Peru Philippines Pitcairn Poland Portugal Puerto Rico Qatar Réunion Romania Russian Federation Rwanda Saint Helena  Ascension and Tristan da Cunha Saint Kitts and Nevis Saint Lucia Saint Pierre and Miquelon Saint Vincent and The Grenadines Samoa San Marino Sao Tome and Principe Saudi Arabia Senegal Serbia Seychelles Sierra Leone Singapore Slovakia Slovenia Solomon Islands Somalia South Africa South Georgia and The South Sandwich Islands Spain Sri Lanka Sudan Suriname Svalbard and Jan Mayen Swaziland Sweden Switzerland Syrian Arab Republic Taiwan Tajikistan Tanzania Thailand Timor-Leste Togo Tokelau Tonga Trinidad and Tobago Tunisia Turkey Turkmenistan Turks and Caicos Islands Tuvalu Uganda Ukraine United Arab Emirates US Minor Outlying Islands Uruguay Uzbekistan Vanuatu Venezuela Vietnam British Virgin Islands US Virgin Islands Wallis and Futuna Western Sahara Yemen Zambia Zimbabwe Kosovo By downloading this case study  you acknowledge that GlobalData may share your information with GlobalData and that your personal data will be used as described in their Privacy Policy Tick here to opt out of curated industry news  reports  and event updates Submit Visit our Privacy Policy for more information about our services  how GlobalData may use  process and share your personal data  including information on your rights in respect of your personal data and how you can unsubscribe from future marketing communications. Our services are intended for corporate subscribers and you warrant that the email address submitted is your corporate email address.When Russian forces began the full-scale invasion of Ukraine in February 2022  the G7 and EU froze $325bn of Russian assets  which is generating roughly $3bn in interest per year.How well do you really know your competitors? Access the most comprehensive Company Profiles on the market  powered by GlobalData. Save hours of research. Gain competitive edge. View profiles in store Company Profile – free sample Thank you! Your download email will arrive shortly Not ready to buy yet? Download a free sample We are confident about the unique quality of our Company Profiles. However  we want you to make the most beneficial decision for your business  so we offer a free sample that you can download by submitting the below form By GlobalData Submit Country * UK USA Afghanistan Åland Islands Albania Algeria American Samoa Andorra Angola Anguilla Antarctica Antigua and Barbuda Argentina Armenia Aruba Australia Austria Azerbaijan Bahamas Bahrain Bangladesh Barbados Belarus Belgium Belize Benin Bermuda Bhutan Bolivia Bonaire  Sint Eustatius and Saba Bosnia and Herzegovina Botswana Bouvet Island Brazil British Indian Ocean Territory Brunei Darussalam Bulgaria Burkina Faso Burundi Cambodia Cameroon Canada Cape Verde Cayman Islands Central African Republic Chad Chile China Christmas Island Cocos Islands Colombia Comoros Congo Democratic Republic of the Congo Cook Islands Costa Rica Côte d""Ivoire Croatia Cuba Curaçao Cyprus Czech Republic Denmark Djibouti Dominica Dominican Republic Ecuador Egypt El Salvador Equatorial Guinea Eritrea Estonia Ethiopia Falkland Islands Faroe Islands Fiji Finland France French Guiana French Polynesia French Southern Territories Gabon Gambia Georgia Germany Ghana Gibraltar Greece Greenland Grenada Guadeloupe Guam Guatemala Guernsey Guinea Guinea-Bissau Guyana Haiti Heard Island and McDonald Islands Holy See Honduras Hong Kong Hungary Iceland India Indonesia Iran Iraq Ireland Isle of Man Israel Italy Jamaica Japan Jersey Jordan Kazakhstan Kenya Kiribati North Korea South Korea Kuwait Kyrgyzstan Lao Latvia Lebanon Lesotho Liberia Libyan Arab Jamahiriya Liechtenstein Lithuania Luxembourg Macao Macedonia  The Former Yugoslav Republic of Madagascar Malawi Malaysia Maldives Mali Malta Marshall Islands Martinique Mauritania Mauritius Mayotte Mexico Micronesia Moldova Monaco Mongolia Montenegro Montserrat Morocco Mozambique Myanmar Namibia Nauru Nepal Netherlands New Caledonia New Zealand Nicaragua Niger Nigeria Niue Norfolk Island Northern Mariana Islands Norway Oman Pakistan Palau Palestinian Territory Panama Papua New Guinea Paraguay Peru Philippines Pitcairn Poland Portugal Puerto Rico Qatar Réunion Romania Russian Federation Rwanda Saint Helena  Ascension and Tristan da Cunha Saint Kitts and Nevis Saint Lucia Saint Pierre and Miquelon Saint Vincent and The Grenadines Samoa San Marino Sao Tome and Principe Saudi Arabia Senegal Serbia Seychelles Sierra Leone Singapore Slovakia Slovenia Solomon Islands Somalia South Africa South Georgia and The South Sandwich Islands Spain Sri Lanka Sudan Suriname Svalbard and Jan Mayen Swaziland Sweden Switzerland Syrian Arab Republic Taiwan Tajikistan Tanzania Thailand Timor-Leste Togo Tokelau Tonga Trinidad and Tobago Tunisia Turkey Turkmenistan Turks and Caicos Islands Tuvalu Uganda Ukraine United Arab Emirates US Minor Outlying Islands Uruguay Uzbekistan Vanuatu Venezuela Vietnam British Virgin Islands US Virgin Islands Wallis and Futuna Western Sahara Yemen Zambia Zimbabwe Kosovo Industry * Academia & Education Aerospace  Defense & Security Agriculture Asset Management Automotive Banking & Payments Chemicals Construction Consumer Foodservice Government  trade bodies and NGOs Health & Fitness Hospitals & Healthcare HR  Staffing & Recruitment Insurance Investment Banking Legal Services Management Consulting Marketing & Advertising Media & Publishing Medical Devices Mining Oil & Gas Packaging Pharmaceuticals Power & Utilities Private Equity Real Estate Retail Sport Technology Telecom Transportation & Logistics Travel  Tourism & Hospitality Venture Capital Tick here to opt out of curated industry news  reports  and event updates from Airforce Technology. Submit and download Visit our Privacy Policy for more information about our services  how we may use  process and share your personal data  including information of your rights in respect of your personal data and how you can unsubscribe from future marketing communications. Our services are intended for corporate subscribers and you warrant that the email address submitted is your corporate email address.Under the G7’s new plan  announced yesterday (13 June) after months of debate  that $3bn will pay off the annual interest on the $50bn loan granted to Ukraine.🇺🇦🇺🇸 Today is a truly historic day. We signed the strongest agreement between Ukraine and the United States since our independence. pic.twitter.com/z0JM9qEzrh — Volodymyr Zelenskyy / Володимир Зеленський (@ZelenskyyUa) June 13  2024The G7 summit in Italy also saw US President Joe Biden and Ukrainian President Volodymyr Zelensky sign a ten-year bilateral security deal  which will expand aid and military training between Washington and Kyiv.Other G7 leaders welcomed the plan  described by UK Prime Minister Rishi Sunak as “game-changing” and German Chancellor Olaf Scholz as “historic”.Putin has a plan: He wants to push the war until everyone gives up supporting Ukraine.His plan failed today.As the G7 we are mobilizing $50 billion for Ukraine – to defend its sovereignty. A historic step. pic.twitter.com/JsWMNB1zPs — Bundeskanzler Olaf Scholz (@Bundeskanzler) June 13  2024The G7 alliance  made up of some of the world’s richest nations (the US  the UK  Germany  Italy  France  Canada and Japan) has been a consistent supporter of Ukraine’s war effort since 2022.This $50bn loan is not expected to arrive in Ukrainian coffers until the end of the year. While it is a significant amount following the last US aid package of $61bn in April  analysts say it is not enough to turn the tide in Ukraine’s favour or deter Russia’s offensive.What next?Moscow has condemned the G7’s move to use its frozen assets in the strongest terms.Russian Foreign Ministry spokesperson Maria Zakharova warned of an “extremely painful” retaliation  while the Kremlin accused the G7 and EU of committing a criminal action.#MariaTelegram #ZakharovaMaria Zakharova  13 June💬 The West continues its efforts to escalate the conflict.The stake is placed on the terrorist activity of the Kiev regime  on the war against the civilian population by any means.The Anglo-Saxons are openly inciting the… pic.twitter.com/yQggp1cAEd — Maria Zakharova (Commentary) (@_MariaZakharova) June 13  2024In February  Russia’s Finance Minister said Moscow had “ways to respond” if Western nations seized Moscow’s funds.Legal action seems the most probable course of action  according to Christopher Granville  managing director of global political research at TS Lombard.“This decision is clearly designed to keep on the right side of the Rubicon in the sense of not confiscating the underlying Russian assets themselves  but instead just impounding the returns on those assets which amounts to a form of windfall taxation ” Granville told Army Technology. “The most obvious Russian retaliation would be to impound the dividend income received by international investors from “unfriendly” (i.e. sanctioning) jurisdictions on their holding of Russian securities.”Euroclear  the Belgium-based financial body holding most of Russia’s central bank assets in Europe  has previously criticised the G7’s proposal.Euroclear declined to comment when approached by Army Technology.The European Central Bank had also warned against the G7 releasing all $325bn in frozen Russian assets  despite some in Kyiv calling for it. Christine Lagarde  the bank’s president  said it risked “breaking the international order … you would want Russia to respect”.Today  President Zelenskyy and I signed an agreement to strengthen Ukraine’s defense and deterrence capability for years to come.Peace for Ukraine must be underwritten by its ability to defend itself today and in the future.The U.S. will help ensure Ukraine can do both. pic.twitter.com/OdKdjKZ7hZ — President Biden (@POTUS) June 14  2024Ukraine is expected to channel the funds into two main areas: F-16 fighter jets and Patriot air defence systems.After thanking the G7 for the $50bn loan  Zelensky renewed his appeal for seven more Patriot systems to defend Ukraine’s power infrastructure and civilian housing against Russia’s drone and missile bombardment.Each Patriot system costs around $1.1bn – $400m for the system and $690m for the missiles.International attention now centres on Russia’s response and any further G7 pledges made as discussions continue in Italy today and tomorrow (14-15 June).",neutral,0.04,0.73,0.23,mixed,0.25,0.19,0.56,True,English,"['Russia', 'interest', 'G7', 'Ukraine', 'Moscow', 'assets', 'Japan Post Holdings Co Ltd', '5th Ukraine Conflict Executive Briefing', 'US President Joe Biden', 'ten-year bilateral security pact', 'GlobalData Submit Country Code', 'Washington Federal Inc Canada', 'Goose Holdings Inc', 'existing global economic', 'Euroclear Holding SA/NV', 'United Arab Emirates', 'Related Company Profiles', 'latest macro-economic forecasts', 'Central African Republic', 'Cape Verde Islands', 'Papua New Guinea', 'Ukrainian President', 'security calculations', 'company level', 'New Caledonia', 'New Zealand', 'Latest Updates', 'latest data', 'Czech Republic', 'Dominican Republic', 'Slovak Republic', 'Security sectors', 'Cayman Islands', 'Cook Islands', 'Falkland Islands', 'Faroe Islands', 'Marshall Islands', 'Norfolk Islands', 'Solomon Islands', 'Caicos Islands', 'Volodymyr Zelensky', 'G7 summit', 'Ukrainian Presidency', 'controversial move', 'Russian assets', 'war effort', 'Russian invasion', 'supply challenges', 'boardroom discussions', 'Recent developments', 'Russian companies', 'significant progress', 'various Aerospace', 'Russian arms', 'continued series', 'wider implications', 'sanctions tracker', 'sector scorecards', 'current views', 'Bosnia Herzegovina', 'Burkina Faso', 'Costa Rica', 'El Salvador', 'French Guiana', 'French Polynesia', 'Hong Kong', 'Northern Marianas', 'Puerto Rico', 'San Marino', 'Sao Tome', 'Saudi Arabia', 'Sierra Leone', 'Sri Lanka', 'St. Helena', 'St. Kitts', 'St. Lucia', 'Vatican City', 'Equatorial Guinea', 'Ukraine/Russia Crisis', 'humanitarian crisis', 'regular part', 'Free Report', 'South Africa', 'Puglia', 'Italy', 'Credit', 'Getty', 'Leaders', 'interest', 'period', 'geopolitics', 'world', 'countries', 'equipment', 'Defense', 'purchases', 'clauses', 'programs', 'payments', 'analysis', 'charts', 'impact', 'email', 'inbox', 'USA', 'Algeria', 'Andorra', 'Angola', 'Anguilla', 'Antigua', 'Barbuda', 'Argentina', 'Armenia', 'Aruba', 'Australia', 'Austria', 'Azerbaijan', 'Bahamas', 'Bahrain', 'Bangladesh', 'Barbados', 'Belarus', 'Belgium', 'Belize', 'Benin', 'Bermuda', 'Bhutan', 'Bolivia', 'Botswana', 'Brazil', 'Brunei', 'Bulgaria', 'Burundi', 'Cambodia', 'Cameroon', 'Chile', 'China', 'Colombia', 'Comoros', 'Congo', 'Croatia', 'Cuba', 'Cyprus', 'Denmark', 'Djibouti', 'Ecuador', 'Egypt', 'Eritrea', 'Estonia', 'Ethiopia', 'Fiji', 'Finland', 'France', 'Gabon', 'Gambia', 'Georgia', 'Germany', 'Ghana', 'Gibraltar', 'Greece', 'Greenland', 'Grenada', 'Guadeloupe', 'Guam', 'Guatemala', 'Bissau', 'Guyana', 'Haiti', 'Honduras', 'Hungary', 'Iceland', 'India', 'Indonesia', 'Iran', 'Iraq', 'Ireland', 'Israel', 'Jamaica', 'Jordan', 'Kazakhstan', 'Kenya', 'Kiribati', 'Korea', 'Kuwait', 'Kyrgyzstan', 'Laos', 'Latvia', 'Lebanon', 'Lesotho', 'Liberia', 'Libya', 'Liechtenstein', 'Lithuania', 'Luxembourg', 'Macao', 'Macedonia', 'Madagascar', 'Malawi', 'Malaysia', 'Maldives', 'Mali', 'Malta', 'Martinique', 'Mauritania', 'Mayotte', 'Mexico', 'Micronesia', 'Moldova', 'Monaco', 'Mongolia', 'Montserrat', 'Morocco', 'Mozambique', 'Myanmar', 'Namibia', 'Nauru', 'Nepal', 'Netherlands', 'Nicaragua', 'Niger', 'Niue', 'Norway', 'Oman', 'Palau', 'Panama', 'Paraguay', 'Peru', 'Philippines', 'Poland', 'Portugal', 'Qatar', 'Reunion', 'Rwanda', 'Principe', 'Senegal', 'Serbia', 'Seychelles', 'Singapore', 'Slovenia', 'Spain', 'Sudan', 'Suriname', 'Swaziland', 'Sweden', 'Switzerland', 'Syria', 'Taiwan', 'Tajikstan', 'Thailand', 'Togo', 'Tonga', 'Trinidad', 'Tobago', 'Tunisia', 'Turkey', 'Turkmenistan', 'Turks', 'Tuvalu', 'Uganda', 'Uruguay', 'Uzbekistan', 'Vanuatu', 'Venezuela', 'Vietnam']",2024-06-14,2024-06-14,airforce-technology.com
42671,Euroclear,Bing API,https://www.livemint.com/economy/what-do-you-do-with-191bn-frozen-euros-owned-by-russia-11718358391839.html,What do you do with 191bn frozen euros owned by Russia?,Ukraine has strong claims on Russia  but no frozen Russian assets it could use to settle them. The West has no claims but plenty of assets. Thus the challenge is to find a way to match these assets and claims.,"In economic terms  an asset has value because an owner might derive future benefits from it. Some assets  like cryptocurrencies  require a collective belief in those benefits. Others  like wine  will undeniably provide future pleasure  such as the ability to savour a 1974 Château Margaux. Still others  like American Treasuries  represent a claim on the government of the strongest economy in the world  backed by a formidable legal system.To derive such benefits  however  an owner must be able to access their assets. And that is where the Central Bank of Russia struggles. Much like every other central bank  the CBR stores reserve assets abroad. After Vladimir Putin’s invasion of Ukraine in 2022  the G7 froze these assets and prohibited financial firms from moving them. Of the $282bn of Russian assets immobilised in Japan and the West  some $207bn (€191bn) are held at Euroclear  a clearing-house in Belgium. When coupon payments on Russia’s assets come due or bonds are redeemed  Euroclear puts the cash into a bank account. This account is now home to roughly €132bn. Last year it earned a return of €4.4bn  which conveniently belongs to Euroclear  as per the clearing-house’s terms and conditions.Western policymakers are now considering whether these assets can be used to help Ukraine. Russia might one day have to compensate the country for war damages  which the World Bank already puts at more than $480bn. Ukraine needs more money and weapons to push back Russian advances  as well as to maintain its state and economy. At the same time  Western governments are increasingly struggling to find room in their budgets to support the war effort  and to get approval from legislatures for such spending. On February 26th Dmytro Kuleba  Ukraine’s foreign minister  once again argued that Russia’s assets should be confiscated. A day later Janet Yellen  America’s treasury secretary  called on her colleagues “to unlock the value"" of those funds. Ursula von der Leyen  president of the European Commission  wants to use Euroclear’s windfall to buy military equipment for Ukraine.How exactly could this be done? Taking assets from someone usually requires a court order  but in international law things are a little more complicated. The International Court of Justice would only be able to rule on the matter should Ukraine and Russia agree to let it decide upon reparations  which is unlikely at present. The UN Security Council has the ability to pass binding resolutions  over which Russia unfortunately holds a veto.Some  including Lawrence Summers  a former American treasury secretary  want to make use of states’ right to take so-called countermeasures. These are otherwise unlawful actions that are sometimes allowed in response to unlawful acts. That Ukraine is entitled to deploy countermeasures is undisputed. How broadly the same rules apply to those acting in support of Ukraine is more controversial. Sanctions and asset freezes fall under the category  and have been widely used against Russia. Asset confiscations do not  at least in most interpretations of international law. That is because they are irreversible and would seek to punish Russia  rather than to induce a change in its behaviour.As Lee Buchheit  a veteran of international law  notes  the problem reflects a geographical mismatch. Ukraine has strong claims on Russia  but no frozen Russian assets it could use to settle them. The West has no claims but plenty of assets. Thus the challenge is to find a way to match these assets and claims.In a recent paper  Mr Buchheit and co-authors suggest just such a way. They argue that the West could provide a loan to Ukraine  in return for which Ukraine could offer its claims on Russia as collateral. The West would agree to use only this collateral for redemption of the loan. When Russia inevitably refuses to pay up  the West would then be able to foreclose on the collateral.Would this work? One difficulty is that an international body would still have to determine precisely how much Ukraine is owed. Perhaps the UN General Assembly could enlist the World Bank to crunch the numbers. But this would require careful diplomacy on behalf of the West  as well as the support of France and Germany  which have so far been unimpressed by suggestions involving creative interpretations of international law. Mr Buchheit argues the shift in approach is not quite as big as it might appear at first. The West has already gone quite far by freezing assets and making clear that it will not give them back unless reparations are paid. As he notes: “Russia won’t pay reparations. War reparations are paid by the vanquished to the victor  and this situation does not end with the Ukrainian flag flying over the Kremlin."" In effect  he argues  the West has already taken the assets.A second difficulty is posed by Belgium  which has access to most frozen Russian assets and would therefore need to receive most of the claims against Russia from Ukraine. It might be reluctant to play such a pivotal role  given the potential for retribution. It would also be unfair to expect a country of its size to be the main provider of the initial loan to Ukraine. In order to overcome this difficulty  Mr Buchheit suggests that the initial loan to Ukraine is set up in a syndicated manner with a sharing clause  which would enable lending countries to group together both when providing the money and receiving collateral. Such an approach was adopted to fund emerging-market governments in the 1970 and 1980s before bond-financing markets took over. Just as is the case now  a mechanism was needed to share risk and access to collateral.Gold rushBut perhaps there is no need to seize Russian assets after all. Indeed  the EU is already planning to implement a windfall tax on any profits they accrue. If returns continue to be siphoned off indefinitely  the difference between confiscating the asset and confiscating the income becomes smaller and smaller. In economic terms  the West is already the owner of Russia’s assets. All that is left now is to fund Ukraine’s fight.© 2024  The Economist Newspaper Limited. All rights reserved. From The Economist  published under licence. The original content can be found on www.economist.com",neutral,0.02,0.94,0.04,mixed,0.06,0.24,0.7,True,English,"['191bn frozen euros', 'Russia', 'Ursula von der Leyen', 'The UN Security Council', 'former American treasury secretary', 'most frozen Russian assets', 'UN General Assembly', '1974 Château Margaux', 'formidable legal system', 'other central bank', 'international law things', 'The International Court', 'American Treasuries', 'most interpretations', 'Russian advances', 'court order', 'international body', 'collective belief', 'future pleasure', 'CBR stores', 'Vladimir Putin', 'financial firms', 'coupon payments', 'Western policymakers', 'war damages', 'same time', 'Western governments', 'war effort', 'February 26th', 'Dmytro Kuleba', 'foreign minister', 'Janet Yellen', 'European Commission', 'military equipment', 'binding resolutions', 'Lawrence Summers', 'states’ right', 'unlawful actions', 'unlawful acts', 'same rules', 'Lee Buchheit', 'geographical mismatch', 'recent paper', 'Mr Buchheit', 'One difficulty', 'careful diplomacy', 'creative interpretations', 'Ukrainian flag', 'second difficulty', 'pivotal role', 'The West', 'World Bank', 'bank account', 'asset freezes', 'Asset confiscations', 'economic terms', 'strongest economy', 'future benefits', 'War reparations', 'strong claims', 'value', 'owner', 'cryptocurrencies', 'Others', 'wine', 'ability', 'invasion', 'Ukraine', 'G7', 'Japan', 'Euroclear', 'clearing-house', 'Belgium', 'bonds', 'cash', 'return', 'conditions', 'country', 'money', 'weapons', 'room', 'budgets', 'approval', 'legislatures', 'spending', 'colleagues', 'funds', 'president', 'windfall', 'someone', 'Justice', 'matter', 'present', 'veto', 'countermeasures', 'response', 'support', 'Sanctions', 'category', 'change', 'behaviour', 'veteran', 'problem', 'plenty', 'challenge', 'way', 'authors', 'loan', 'collateral', 'redemption', 'numbers', 'behalf', 'France', 'Germany', 'suggestions', 'shift', 'approach', 'victor', 'situation', 'Kremlin', 'effect', 'access', 'potential', 'retribution']",2024-06-14,2024-06-14,livemint.com
42672,Deutsche Boerse,Bing API,https://markets.businessinsider.com/news/stocks/dboey-stock-earnings-deutsche-boerse-for-q1-of-2024-1033479264,DBOEY Stock Earnings: Deutsche Boerse Reported Results for Q1 2024,Stock Market News  Stock Advice & Trading Tips Deutsche Boerse (OTCMKTS:DBOEY) just reported results for the first quarter of,InvestorPlace - Stock Market News  Stock Advice & Trading TipsDeutsche Boerse (OTCMKTS:DBOEY) just reported results for the first quarter of 2024.InvestorPlace Earnings is a project that leverages data from TradeSmith to automate coverage of quarterly earnings reports. InvestorPlace Earnings distills key takeaways including earnings per share and revenue  as well as how a company stacks up to analyst estimates. These articles are published without human intervention  allowing us to inform our readers of the latest figures as quickly as possible. To report any concerns or inaccuracies  please contact us at editor@investorplace.com.,neutral,0.01,0.98,0.01,neutral,0.03,0.93,0.04,True,English,"['DBOEY Stock Earnings', 'Deutsche Boerse', 'Results', 'Q1 2024', 'Stock Market News', 'quarterly earnings reports', 'Stock Advice', 'Trading Tips', 'Deutsche Boerse', 'first quarter', 'key takeaways', 'analyst estimates', 'human intervention', 'latest figures', 'InvestorPlace Earnings', 'OTCMKTS', 'DBOEY', 'results', 'project', 'data', 'TradeSmith', 'coverage', 'share', 'revenue', 'company', 'articles', 'readers', 'concerns', 'inaccuracies', 'editor']",2024-06-14,2024-06-14,markets.businessinsider.com
42673,Deutsche Boerse,Bing API,https://www.plasteurope.com/news/PLASTIC_FANTASTIC_t255570/,PLASTIC FANTASTIC: North Korea's balloon brigade no match for waste export world champion Germany,Our website uses cookies. Some of them are needed for the website to function properly  while others help us to improve the website to meet your needs. You will find further information in our privacy policy.,PLASTIC FANTASTICNorth Korea's balloon brigade no match for waste export world champion GermanyBy Plasteurope.com staffIn a video that has gone viral  Theodor Weimer  the head of German financial services company Deutsche Börse  complains that Germany is on its way to becoming a “developing country”. Yet Germany is  among other things  the world leader in the export of plastics waste: no other nation dumps as much plastics in foreign countries as we do.Utopia: plastic litter doesn’t seem to be an acute problem on the streets of Pyongyang (Photo: PantherMedia/iggy74)North Korea’s attempts to compete with us in this field are almost touching. For several weeks now  Kim Jong Un  the hermit kingdom’s “Supreme Leader”  has been releasing sacks of plastics waste tied to balloons into the sky and deploying them south of the border. Regrettably  the dictator from Pyongyang has remained silent about the payload of his airmail.But the narcissistic pretender to the plastics waste throne will have to inflate many a balloon before he has matched  let alone trumped  the Germans’ authoritative 670 000 t of these exports – in doing so  perhaps the “Respected Comrade” will have truly earned the nickname.Until then  you have nothing to worry about  dear Theo.— Translated by Andru Shively14.06.2024 Plasteurope.com [255570-0]Published on 14.06.2024,neutral,0.13,0.68,0.19,mixed,0.2,0.23,0.58,True,English,"['waste export world champion', 'PLASTIC FANTASTIC', 'North Korea', 'balloon brigade', 'match', 'Germany', 'German financial services company', 'waste export world champion', 'Deutsche Börse', 'Kim Jong Un', 'Germans’ authoritative 670,000 t', 'Plasteurope.com staff', 'plastics waste throne', 'world leader', 'PLASTIC FANTASTIC', 'North Korea', 'Theodor Weimer', 'developing country', 'other things', 'other nation', 'foreign countries', 'plastic litter', 'acute problem', 'several weeks', 'hermit kingdom', 'Supreme Leader', 'narcissistic pretender', 'Respected Comrade', 'Andru Shively', 'balloon brigade', 'match', 'Germany', 'video', 'head', 'way', 'Utopia', 'streets', 'Pyongyang', 'Photo', 'PantherMedia', 'attempts', 'field', 'sacks', 'balloons', 'sky', 'border', 'dictator', 'payload', 'airmail', 'exports', 'nickname', '14.06']",2024-06-14,2024-06-14,plasteurope.com
42674,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/exploring-three-euronext-paris-growth-060428158.html,Exploring Three Euronext Paris Growth Companies With Significant Insider Ownership,Amidst a backdrop of fluctuating global markets  France's CAC 40 Index has shown modest gains  reflecting a cautious optimism in the European economic...,Amidst a backdrop of fluctuating global markets  France's CAC 40 Index has shown modest gains  reflecting a cautious optimism in the European economic landscape. This environment underscores the appeal of growth companies with high insider ownership  as these firms often demonstrate alignment between management’s interests and those of shareholders  potentially enhancing stability and confidence among investors.Top 10 Growth Companies With High Insider Ownership In FranceName Insider Ownership Earnings Growth VusionGroup (ENXTPA:VU) 13.5% 25.2% Groupe OKwind Société anonyme (ENXTPA:ALOKW) 24.8% 30.6% WALLIX GROUP (ENXTPA:ALLIX) 19.8% 101.4% La Française de l'Energie (ENXTPA:FDE) 20.1% 37.7% Adocia (ENXTPA:ADOC) 12.1% 104.5% OSE Immunotherapeutics (ENXTPA:OSE) 25.6% 79.3% Icape Holding (ENXTPA:ALICA) 30.2% 26.1% Arcure (ENXTPA:ALCUR) 21.4% 41.7% Munic (ENXTPA:ALMUN) 29.4% 150% MedinCell (ENXTPA:MEDCL) 16.4% 67.9%Click here to see the full list of 21 stocks from our Fast Growing Euronext Paris Companies With High Insider Ownership screener.Let's dive into some prime choices out of from the screener.Simply Wall St Growth Rating: ★★★★☆☆Overview: Lectra SA offers industrial intelligence solutions tailored for the fashion  automotive  and furniture industries  with a market capitalization of approximately €1.09 billion.Operations: The company generates revenue from the Americas and Asia-Pacific regions  totaling approximately €170.33 million and €110.28 million respectively.Insider Ownership: 19.6%Revenue Growth Forecast: 11.3% p.a.Lectra  a French company  exhibits strong growth potential with its earnings forecast to expand by 28.6% annually  outpacing the French market's 11.1%. Despite a slight dip in net income and EPS as reported in its recent Q1 earnings  sales have increased from EUR 123.65 million to EUR 129.56 million year-over-year. The firm is trading at 33.1% below estimated fair value  suggesting an undervalued status despite lower-than-expected returns on equity forecasted at 13.3% in three years.ENXTPA:LSS Ownership Breakdown as at Jun 2024Simply Wall St Growth Rating: ★★★★★☆Overview: MedinCell S.A. is a French pharmaceutical company that specializes in developing long-acting injectable medications across multiple therapeutic areas  with a market capitalization of approximately €428.93 million.Operations: The company generates revenue primarily from its pharmaceuticals segment  amounting to €14.13 million.Story continuesInsider Ownership: 16.4%Revenue Growth Forecast: 40.6% p.a.MedinCell  a French pharmaceutical company  has recently demonstrated a mixed performance in its clinical trials. While the Phase 3 trial for F14 did not meet its primary endpoint  significant improvements were noted in secondary endpoints such as knee range of motion and swelling reduction. Additionally  MedinCell's collaboration with AbbVie could potentially bring substantial financial benefits with up to €1.9 billion in milestones plus royalties. Despite these developments  the company's share price remains highly volatile. MedinCell is expected to see revenue growth significantly above the market average at 40.6% annually and become profitable within three years.ENXTPA:MEDCL Ownership Breakdown as at Jun 2024Simply Wall St Growth Rating: ★★★★☆☆Overview: OVH Groupe S.A. operates globally  offering public and private cloud services  shared hosting  and dedicated server solutions with a market capitalization of approximately €0.98 billion.Operations: The company generates revenue through three primary segments: Public Cloud (€140.71 million)  Private Cloud (€514.59 million)  and Web cloud (€179.45 million).Insider Ownership: 10.5%Revenue Growth Forecast: 10.9% p.a.OVH Groupe  a French cloud services provider  is navigating a complex growth trajectory. With earnings projected to rise significantly and the company expected to turn profitable within three years  OVH's financial outlook appears robust despite its currently low return on equity forecast of 3.8%. Recent strategic hires like Celine Choussy and Benjamin Revcolevschi underscore a strengthening leadership aimed at driving product innovation and market expansion. However  its revenue growth rate of 10.9% per year lags behind more aggressive market averages  reflecting potential challenges in scaling at pace with competitors.ENXTPA:OVH Earnings and Revenue Growth as at Jun 2024Seize The OpportunityDelve into our full catalog of 21 Fast Growing Euronext Paris Companies With High Insider Ownership here.Have a stake in these businesses? Integrate your holdings into Simply Wall St's portfolio for notifications and detailed stock reports.Simply Wall St is a revolutionary app designed for long-term stock investors  it's free and covers every market in the world.Curious About Other Options?This article by Simply Wall St is general in nature. We provide commentary based on historical data and analyst forecasts only using an unbiased methodology and our articles are not intended to be financial advice. It does not constitute a recommendation to buy or sell any stock  and does not take account of your objectives  or your financial situation. We aim to bring you long-term focused analysis driven by fundamental data. Note that our analysis may not factor in the latest price-sensitive company announcements or qualitative material. Simply Wall St has no position in any stocks mentioned.The analysis only considers stock directly held by insiders. It does not include indirectly owned stock through other vehicles such as corporate and/or trust entities. All forecast revenue and earnings growth rates quoted are in terms of annualised (per annum) growth rates over 1-3 years.Companies discussed in this article include ENXTPA:LSS ENXTPA:MEDCL and ENXTPA:OVH.Have feedback on this article? Concerned about the content? Get in touch with us directly. Alternatively  email editorial-team@simplywallst.com,neutral,0.07,0.93,0.01,negative,0.01,0.25,0.74,True,English,"['Three Euronext Paris Growth Companies', 'Significant Insider Ownership', 'Name Insider Ownership Earnings Growth VusionGroup', 'Fast Growing Euronext Paris Companies', '2% Groupe OKwind Société anonyme', 'Simply Wall St Growth Rating', 'La Française de', 'OVH Groupe S.A.', 'French cloud services provider', 'High Insider Ownership screener', 'ENXTPA:MEDCL Ownership Breakdown', 'Top 10 Growth Companies', 'LSS Ownership Breakdown', 'complex growth trajectory', 'fluctuating global markets', 'European economic landscape', 'industrial intelligence solutions', 'long-acting injectable medications', 'multiple therapeutic areas', 'dedicated server solutions', 'Recent strategic hires', 'detailed stock reports', 'strong growth potential', 'recent Q1 earnings', 'private cloud services', 'revenue growth rate', 'MedinCell S.A.', 'substantial financial benefits', 'Revenue Growth Forecast', 'long-term stock investors', 'aggressive market averages', 'three primary segments', 'French pharmaceutical company', 'OVH Earnings', 'French market', 'Web cloud', 'primary endpoint', 'potential challenges', 'French company', 'financial outlook', 'financial advice', 'three years', 'equity forecast', 'Public Cloud', 'CAC 40 Index', 'modest gains', 'cautious optimism', 'WALLIX GROUP', 'Icape Holding', 'full list', 'prime choices', 'furniture industries', 'Asia-Pacific regions', 'slight dip', 'net income', 'fair value', 'expected returns', 'pharmaceuticals segment', 'mixed performance', 'clinical trials', 'Phase 3 trial', 'significant improvements', 'secondary endpoints', 'knee range', 'swelling reduction', 'share price', 'low return', 'Celine Choussy', 'Benjamin Revcolevschi', 'strengthening leadership', 'product innovation', 'The Opportunity', 'full catalog', 'revolutionary app', 'Other Options', 'historical data', 'analyst forecasts', 'unbiased methodology', 'market capitalization', 'OSE Immunotherapeutics', 'Lectra SA', 'backdrop', 'France', 'environment', 'appeal', 'firms', 'alignment', 'management', 'interests', 'shareholders', 'stability', 'confidence', 'ALOKW', 'Energie', 'FDE', 'Adocia', 'ALICA', 'Arcure', 'ALCUR', 'Munic', 'ALMUN', '21 stocks', 'Overview', 'automotive', 'Operations', 'Americas', 'EPS', 'sales', 'status', 'lower', 'Jun', 'Story', 'F14', 'motion', 'collaboration', 'AbbVie', 'milestones', 'royalties', 'developments', 'shared', 'hosting', 'expansion', 'pace', 'competitors', 'stake', 'businesses', 'holdings', 'portfolio', 'notifications', 'world', 'article', 'nature', 'commentary', 'recom', '19.']",2024-06-13,2024-06-14,finance.yahoo.com
42675,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://consent.yahoo.com/v2/collectConsent?sessionId=1_cc-session_0f85aada-de4f-4629-93af-8f839b0a7f9b,Euronext Amsterdam Growth Companies With At Least 11% Insider Ownership,,If you click 'Accept all'  we and our partners  including 238 who are part of the IAB Transparency &amp; Consent Framework  will also store and/or access information on a device (in other words  use … [+678 chars],neutral,0.01,0.98,0.01,neutral,0.02,0.97,0.01,True,English,"['Euronext Amsterdam Growth Companies', '11% Insider Ownership', 'Least', 'IAB Transparency', 'Consent Framework', 'other words', 'partners', 'information', 'device', '678 chars']",2024-06-13,2024-06-14,consent.yahoo.com
42676,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/exploring-three-top-dividend-stocks-060546088.html,Exploring Three Top Dividend Stocks On Euronext Paris,In recent trading sessions  the French stock market has shown resilience  with the CAC 40 Index modestly increasing by 0.11%. This uptick reflects cautious...,In recent trading sessions  the French stock market has shown resilience  with the CAC 40 Index modestly increasing by 0.11%. This uptick reflects cautious optimism among investors following the European Central Bank's decision to cut interest rates for the first time in five years  signaling a potentially more supportive environment for equities. In this context  dividend stocks can be particularly appealing as they offer potential income in addition to price appreciation opportunities amidst changing economic conditions.Top 10 Dividend Stocks In FranceName Dividend Yield Dividend Rating Rubis (ENXTPA:RUI) 6.37% ★★★★★★ Samse (ENXTPA:SAMS) 8.74% ★★★★★★ CBo Territoria (ENXTPA:CBOT) 6.76% ★★★★★★ Fleury Michon (ENXTPA:ALFLE) 5.42% ★★★★★☆ Métropole Télévision (ENXTPA:MMT) 9.69% ★★★★★☆ VIEL & Cie société anonyme (ENXTPA:VIL) 3.81% ★★★★★☆ Sanofi (ENXTPA:SAN) 4.21% ★★★★★☆ Arkema (ENXTPA:AKE) 3.94% ★★★★★☆ Exacompta Clairefontaine (ENXTPA:ALEXA) 4.19% ★★★★★☆ Piscines Desjoyaux (ENXTPA:ALPDX) 7.58% ★★★★★☆Click here to see the full list of 32 stocks from our Top Euronext Paris Dividend Stocks screener.We're going to check out a few of the best picks from our screener tool.Simply Wall St Dividend Rating: ★★★★☆☆Overview: Publicis Groupe S.A. is a global marketing and communications firm offering digital business transformation services  with a market capitalization of approximately €25.27 billion.Operations: Publicis Groupe S.A. generates €14.80 billion from its Advertising and Communication Services segment.Dividend Yield: 3.3%Publicis Groupe's recent dividend increase to EUR 3.40 per share reflects a 17% rise from the previous year  payable on July 3  2024. Despite trading at a significant discount to estimated fair value  its dividend yield of 3.31% remains below the French market's top quartile. The dividends are well-supported by both earnings and cash flows  with payout ratios of 65% and 45.5%  respectively. However  the company has experienced volatility in its dividend payments over the past decade  indicating some level of unpredictability in its returns to shareholders.ENXTPA:PUB Dividend History as at Jun 2024Simply Wall St Dividend Rating: ★★★★★☆Overview: Sanofi is a global healthcare company involved in researching  developing  manufacturing  and marketing therapeutic solutions with a market capitalization of approximately €112.37 billion.Story continuesOperations: Sanofi generates €38.12 billion from its Biopharma segment and €5.21 billion from Consumer Healthcare.Dividend Yield: 4.2%Sanofi  a major player in the pharmaceutical industry  recently announced a dividend of €3.76 per share for 2023  reflecting its commitment to shareholder returns. Despite this  Sanofi's dividend yield of 4.21% is lower than the top quartile of French dividend payers at 5.38%. The company has demonstrated consistent growth in dividends over the past decade and maintains a sustainable payout ratio of 87.2%  supported by earnings and a cash payout ratio at 65%. However  profit margins have declined from last year's 18.1% to current levels at 9.8%  indicating potential pressures on profitability despite positive earnings forecasts with an expected annual growth rate of 16.87%.ENXTPA:SAN Dividend History as at Jun 2024Simply Wall St Dividend Rating: ★★★★★☆Overview: VIEL & Cie société anonyme operates as an investment company offering interdealer broking  online trading  and private banking services across various global regions  with a market capitalization of approximately €641.13 million.Operations: VIEL & Cie société anonyme generates revenue primarily through professional intermediation (€1.01 billion) and stock exchange online services (€65.12 million).Dividend Yield: 3.8%VIEL & Cie société anonyme offers a dividend yield of 3.81%  which is below the French market's top quartile average of 5.24%. However  the company's dividends are well-supported by a low payout ratio of 25.8% and a cash payout ratio of 20.1%  indicating sustainability from both earnings and cash flow perspectives. Over the past decade  VIEL has consistently increased its dividend payments  showcasing reliability in shareholder returns despite its yield position. Recently  VIEL reported a significant revenue increase to €1.08 billion and net income growth to €98.1 million for FY2023.ENXTPA:VIL Dividend History as at Jun 2024Key TakeawaysAccess the full spectrum of 32 Top Euronext Paris Dividend Stocks by clicking on this link.Are any of these part of your asset mix? Tap into the analytical power of Simply Wall St's portfolio to get a 360-degree view on how they're shaping up.Unlock the power of informed investing with Simply Wall St  your free guide to navigating stock markets worldwide.Interested In Other Possibilities?This article by Simply Wall St is general in nature. We provide commentary based on historical data and analyst forecasts only using an unbiased methodology and our articles are not intended to be financial advice. It does not constitute a recommendation to buy or sell any stock  and does not take account of your objectives  or your financial situation. We aim to bring you long-term focused analysis driven by fundamental data. Note that our analysis may not factor in the latest price-sensitive company announcements or qualitative material. Simply Wall St has no position in any stocks mentioned.Companies discussed in this article include ENXTPA:PUB ENXTPA:SAN and ENXTPA:VIL.Have feedback on this article? Concerned about the content? Get in touch with us directly. Alternatively  email editorial-team@simplywallst.com,neutral,0.04,0.95,0.01,mixed,0.35,0.32,0.33,True,English,"['Three Top Dividend Stocks', 'Euronext Paris', 'Name Dividend Yield Dividend Rating Rubis', 'Top Euronext Paris Dividend Stocks screener', 'Métropole Télévision', '32 Top Euronext Paris Dividend Stocks', 'Simply Wall St Dividend Rating', 'Cie société anonyme', 'digital business transformation services', 'Publicis Groupe S.A.', 'stock exchange online services', 'Top 10 Dividend Stocks', 'private banking services', 'recent dividend increase', 'PUB Dividend History', 'European Central Bank', 'price appreciation opportunities', 'changing economic conditions', 'Communication Services segment', 'top quartile average', 'sustainable payout ratio', 'low payout ratio', 'French dividend payers', 'cash flow perspectives', 'annual growth rate', 'various global regions', 'cash payout ratio', 'recent trading sessions', 'marketing therapeutic solutions', 'SAN Dividend History', 'VIL Dividend History', 'net income growth', 'significant revenue increase', 'French stock market', 'positive earnings forecasts', 'global healthcare company', 'screener tool', 'online trading', 'dividend payments', 'global marketing', 'payout ratios', 'cash flows', 'French market', 'consistent growth', 'potential income', 'significant discount', 'Biopharma segment', 'Consumer Healthcare', 'yield position', 'stock markets', 'analyst forecasts', 'market capitalization', 'CAC 40 Index', 'cautious optimism', 'interest rates', 'first time', 'five years', 'supportive environment', 'CBo Territoria', 'Fleury Michon', 'Exacompta Clairefontaine', 'Piscines Desjoyaux', 'full list', 'best picks', 'communications firm', 'previous year', 'fair value', 'past decade', 'major player', 'pharmaceutical industry', 'profit margins', 'last year', 'current levels', 'potential pressures', 'interdealer broking', 'professional intermediation', 'Key Takeaways', 'full spectrum', 'asset mix', '360-degree view', 'free guide', 'Other Possibilities', 'historical data', 'unbiased methodology', 'financial advice', 'shareholder returns', 'investment company', 'analytical power', '32 stocks', 'resilience', 'uptick', 'investors', 'decision', 'equities', 'context', 'addition', 'France', 'ENXTPA', 'RUI', 'Samse', 'CBOT', 'ALFLE', 'MMT', 'VIEL', 'Sanofi', 'Arkema', 'ALEXA', 'ALPDX', 'Overview', 'Operations', 'Advertising', '17% rise', 'July', 'dividends', 'volatility', 'unpredictability', 'shareholders', 'Jun', 'researching', 'manufacturing', 'commitment', 'profitability', 'sustainability', 'reliability', 'FY2023', 'link', 'part', 'portfolio', 'investing', 'article', 'nature', 'commentary', 'recommendation', 'accou', '3.']",2024-06-13,2024-06-14,finance.yahoo.com
42677,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://consent.yahoo.com/v2/collectConsent?sessionId=1_cc-session_f2ad9380-a2eb-414a-8072-7e769972f1b6,ABN AMRO Bank And Two More Euronext Amsterdam Dividend Stocks To Consider,,If you click 'Accept all'  we and our partners  including 238 who are part of the IAB Transparency &amp; Consent Framework  will also store and/or access information on a device (in other words  use … [+678 chars],neutral,0.06,0.93,0.01,neutral,0.02,0.97,0.01,True,English,"['Two More Euronext Amsterdam Dividend Stocks', 'ABN AMRO Bank', 'IAB Transparency', 'Consent Framework', 'other words', 'partners', 'information', 'device', '678 chars']",2024-06-13,2024-06-14,consent.yahoo.com
42678,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://consent.yahoo.com/v2/collectConsent?sessionId=1_cc-session_1215595f-f6e1-4083-94bf-d06ac45ae1a9,Exploring Three High-Growth Euronext Amsterdam Stocks With Significant Insider Ownership,,If you click 'Accept all'  we and our partners  including 238 who are part of the IAB Transparency &amp; Consent Framework  will also store and/or access information on a device (in other words  use … [+678 chars],neutral,0.07,0.92,0.01,neutral,0.02,0.97,0.01,True,English,"['Three High-Growth Euronext Amsterdam Stocks', 'Significant Insider Ownership', 'IAB Transparency', 'Consent Framework', 'other words', 'partners', 'information', 'device', '678 chars']",2024-06-13,2024-06-14,consent.yahoo.com
42679,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://consent.yahoo.com/v2/collectConsent?sessionId=1_cc-session_2716c6c0-87d8-4d3d-a72d-2efa23cd6ece,June 2024 Insight Into Euronext Paris Growth Stocks With High Insider Ownership,,If you click 'Accept all'  we and our partners  including 238 who are part of the IAB Transparency &amp; Consent Framework  will also store and/or access information on a device (in other words  use … [+678 chars],neutral,0.12,0.87,0.01,neutral,0.02,0.97,0.01,True,English,"['Euronext Paris Growth Stocks', 'High Insider Ownership', 'June 2024', 'Insight', 'IAB Transparency', 'Consent Framework', 'other words', 'partners', 'information', 'device', '678 chars']",2024-06-13,2024-06-14,consent.yahoo.com
42680,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://biztoc.com/x/77363853f5a580d8,CADERNO AZUL Acquires Altri Shares on Euronext,Altri SGPS (GB:0DJV) has released an update. CADERNO AZUL  S.A. has reported the acquisition of 1 400 000 shares of Altri  SGPS  S.A.  which consti...,Altri SGPS (GB:0DJV) has released an update. CADERNO AZUL  S.A. has reported the acquisition of 1 400 000 shares of Altri  SGPS  S.A.  which consti...This story appeared on tipranks.com   2024-06-13.,neutral,0.02,0.97,0.01,neutral,0.04,0.95,0.01,True,English,"['CADERNO AZUL', 'Altri Shares', 'Euronext', 'CADERNO AZUL', 'S.A.', 'Altri SGPS', '0DJV', 'update', 'acquisition', '1,400,000 shares', 'story', 'tipranks.']",2024-06-13,2024-06-14,biztoc.com
42681,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2024/06/13/2898499/0/en/Quadient-s-New-Parcel-Pending-PLUS-Solution-Brings-More-Efficiency-Insights-and-Convenience-to-Multifamily-Property-Managers.html,Quadient’s New Parcel Pending PLUS Solution Brings More Efficiency  Insights and Convenience to Multifamily Property Managers,Quadient’s next generation smart locker solution to be unveiled at the Apartmentalize conference this month  Paris  Quadient (Euronext Paris: QDT)  a......,Quadient’s next generation smart locker solution to be unveiled at the Apartmentalize conference this monthParisQuadient (Euronext Paris: QDT)  a leader in helping businesses create meaningful customer connections through digital and physical channels and a major global parcel locker operator  today announced the launch of its next-generation smart parcel locker solution  Parcel Pending PLUS. Fueled by new  more powerful software  Parcel Pending PLUS meets the evolving needs of the dynamic multifamily industry with new features  including enhanced real-time business intelligence tools for a wider variety of applications; increased operational efficiency; enriched capacities; convenience features for residents and more automation for carriers.With more than 20 800 smart locker placements globally and a leading presence in the multifamily industry in the United States  among other markets  Quadient is committed to continuously investing in innovation that addresses customer needs  securing its place as a global leader in parcel locker solutions. Parcel Pending PLUS is being unveiled for the first time at the National Apartment Association’s annual conference and exposition  Apartmentalize  in the Parcel Pending by Quadient booth No. 741  from June 20 to 21 in Philadelphia.“The innovative technology powering Parcel Pending PLUS not only offers more efficiency  insights and convenience for users  but it also provides for new use cases for our lockers in multifamily and other industries that will drive increased usage of our network ” said Austin Maddox  executive vice president  North American Parcel Locker Solutions  Quadient. “As residents continue to increase their online shopping and expect secure package management  multifamily community managers are turning to Quadient smart lockers to take package management off their hands and deliver premium services to their residents. Parcel Pending PLUS is one of many ways we are delivering more for multifamily property managers  helping them better serve their communities today and in the future.”With Parcel Pending PLUS  residents may receive multiple deliveries from the same carrier in one compartment  maximizing the system’s capacity and increasing convenience for residents. User registration is easy  facilitating user onboarding and adoption  and residents may now move their accounts between properties as needed. Additionally  Parcel Pending PLUS now offers single-use access to lockers for non-residents for additional uses such as placing keys and other materials for self-guided tours  property maintenance or pet sitters. Community managers may create dedicated zones on the locker unit to distribute leases and other documentation and for concierge  gym or pool deliveries.Serving more than 1.8 million multifamily units and 4 million residents  and with 97% resident satisfaction year over year  Quadient’s Parcel Pending smart lockers have become one of the top apartment building amenities in demand by residents. For more information about Parcel Pending PLUS  visit www.parcelpending.com.About QuadientQuadient is the driving force behind the world’s most meaningful customer experiences. By focusing on three key solution areas  Intelligent Communication Automation  Parcel Locker Solutions and Mail-Related Solutions  Quadient helps simplify the connection between people and what matters. Quadient supports hundreds of thousands of customers worldwide in their quest to create relevant  personalized connections and achieve customer experience excellence. Quadient is listed in compartment B of Euronext Paris (QDT) and is part of the CAC® Mid & Small and EnterNext® Tech 40 indices.For more information about Quadient  visit www.quadient.com.ContactsJoe Scolaro  Quadient Sandy Armstrong  Sterling Kilgore Global Press Relations Manager VP of Media & Communications +1 203-301-3673 +1-630-699-8979 j.scolaro@quadient.com sarmstrong@sterlingkilgore.comAttachments,neutral,0.12,0.87,0.01,positive,0.62,0.37,0.01,True,English,"['New Parcel Pending PLUS Solution', 'Multifamily Property Managers', 'Quadient', 'Insights', 'Convenience', 'Sterling Kilgore Global Press Relations Manager', 'next generation smart locker solution', 'major global parcel locker operator', 'next-generation smart parcel locker solution', 'North American Parcel Locker Solutions', 'three key solution areas', 'real-time business intelligence tools', 'top apartment building amenities', 'Parcel Pending smart lockers', '20,800 smart locker placements', 'National Apartment Association', 'innovative technology powering', 'executive vice president', 'relevant, personalized connections', 'EnterNext® Tech 40 indices', 'meaningful customer connections', 'meaningful customer experiences', 'customer experience excellence', 'Parcel Pending PLUS', 'new use cases', 'dynamic multifamily industry', 'secure package management', '1.8 million multifamily units', 'Intelligent Communication Automation', 'Contacts Joe Scolaro', 'multifamily community managers', 'multifamily property managers', 'Quadient smart lockers', 'Quadient booth No.', 'Quadient Sandy Armstrong', 'locker unit', 'global leader', 'Mail-Related Solutions', 'customer needs', 'new features', 'property maintenance', 'Apartmentalize conference', 'physical channels', 'powerful software', 'evolving needs', 'wider variety', 'leading presence', 'United States', 'other markets', 'first time', 'annual conference', 'other industries', 'Austin Maddox', 'online shopping', 'premium services', 'many ways', 'multiple deliveries', 'same carrier', 'one compartment', 'User registration', 'user onboarding', 'single-use access', 'additional uses', 'other materials', 'self-guided tours', 'pet sitters', 'dedicated zones', 'other documentation', 'pool deliveries', '97% resident satisfaction', 'driving force', 'compartment B', 'CAC® Mid', 'Euronext Paris', '4 million residents', 'operational efficiency', 'convenience features', 'QDT', 'businesses', 'digital', 'launch', 'applications', 'capacities', 'carriers', 'innovation', 'exposition', 'June', 'Philadelphia', 'insights', 'users', 'usage', 'network', 'hands', 'communities', 'future', 'system', 'capacity', 'adoption', 'accounts', 'properties', 'non', 'keys', 'leases', 'concierge', 'gym', 'year', 'demand', 'information', 'parcelpending', 'world', 'people', 'hundreds', 'thousands', 'customers', 'quest', 'VP', 'Media', 'Communications', 'sterlingkilgore', 'Attachments']",2024-06-13,2024-06-14,globenewswire.com
42682,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/TRAWELL-CO-S-P-A-61871328/news/TraWell-Co-New-Criteria-for-Independent-Director-46968682/,TraWell Co: New Criteria for Independent Director.,(marketscreener.com)   PRESS RELEASE   TRAWELL CO S.P.A. BOARD OF DIRECTORS APPROVES THE CRITERIA FOR ASSESSING DIRECTORS' INDEPENDENCE CONFIRMS THE INDEPENDENCE REQUIREMENTS OF INDEPENDENT DIRECTOR DR. PAOLO NATALINI AS PER ARTICLE 148  PARAGRAPH 3  OF …,"PRESS RELEASETRAWELL CO S.P.A. BOARD OF DIRECTORS (i) APPROVES THE CRITERIA FOR ASSESSING DIRECTORS' INDEPENDENCE (ii) CONFIRMS THE INDEPENDENCE REQUIREMENTS OF INDEPENDENT DIRECTOR DR. PAOLO NATALINI AS PER ARTICLE 148  PARAGRAPH 3  OF THE TUFGallarate  June 13  2024 - The Board of Directors of TraWell Co S.p.A. (Borsa Italiana  Ticker: TWL  OTCQX New York  Ticker: TRWAF)  a global leader in luggage protection  storage services  and ancillary products and services for travelers  convened today and  in response to regulatory changes to the Euronext Growth Milan Issuers' Regulations introduced by Borsa Italiana S.p.A. with Notice No. 43747 published on November 17  2023  has: (i) decided to revoke the ""Procedure for Obtaining the Prior Opinion of the Euronext Growth Advisor (EGA) Regarding the Proposal for the Appointment of Independent Directors of TraWell Co S.p.A."" adopted on April 3  2023; (ii) established the quantitative and qualitative criteria for assessing the significance of relationships potentially affecting the independence of its directors. These criteria are detailed in the ""Procedure for the Evaluation of the Independent Director pursuant to Article 6-bis of the Euronext Growth Milan Issuers' Regulations "" approved today by the Board of Directors and provided below in this press release.During the same meeting  the Board of Directors  following Article 6-bis of the Euronext Growth Milan Issuers' Regulations and the ""Procedure for the Evaluation of the Independent Director according to Article 6-bis of the Euronext Growth Milan Issuers' Regulations "" evaluated the independence requirements prescribed by Article 148  Paragraph 3  of the TUF for the independent director Dr. Paolo Natalini. Following this evaluation  conducted using the abovementioned criteria  the Board of Directors confirmed that the independence requirements prescribed by Article 148  Paragraph 3  of the TUF are met by the company's independent director  Dr. Paolo Natalini.This press release  along with the ""Procedure for the Evaluation of the Independent Director under Article 6-bis of the Euronext Growth Milan Issuers' Regulations "" is published and available onthe company's website www.trawellco.com  in the dedicated section https://www.trawellco.com/it/investors/About TraWell Co.TraWell Co is the global leader in luggage protection and storage services  as well as ancillary products and services (including the Lost Luggage Concierge service for lost luggage provided by Sostravel.com). Listed on Euronext Growth Milan (ticker: BIT:TWL) and OTCQX New York (ticker: TRWAF)  the company operates 129 stores in 44 airports across 13 countries  with over 200 employees and 4 million customers served worldwide. TraWell Co. offers unique exposure to a portfolio of commercial activities and services for travelers. With 25 years of experience  TraWell benefits from the growth in air travel and the increasing demand for wellness and security services.",neutral,0.05,0.94,0.01,neutral,0.04,0.93,0.03,True,English,"['TraWell Co', 'New Criteria', 'Independent Director', 'TRAWELL CO S.P.A. BOARD', ""Euronext Growth Milan Issuers' Regulations"", 'Borsa Italiana S.p.A.', 'INDEPENDENT DIRECTOR DR. PAOLO NATALINI', 'Lost Luggage Concierge service', 'Euronext Growth Advisor', 'OTCQX New York', 'TraWell Co.', ""ASSESSING DIRECTORS' INDEPENDENCE"", 'luggage protection', 'PRESS RELEASE', 'INDEPENDENCE REQUIREMENTS', 'global leader', 'ancillary products', 'regulatory changes', 'Notice No.', 'Prior Opinion', 'same meeting', 'dedicated section', 'Sostravel.com', '4 million customers', 'unique exposure', 'commercial activities', 'air travel', 'increasing demand', 'Independent Directors', 'storage services', 'security services', 'qualitative criteria', 'ARTICLE', 'PARAGRAPH', 'THE', 'TUF', 'Gallarate', 'June', 'Ticker', 'TWL', 'TRWAF', 'travelers', 'response', 'November', 'Procedure', 'EGA', 'Proposal', 'Appointment', 'April', 'quantitative', 'significance', 'relationships', 'Evaluation', 'company', 'website', 'trawellco', 'investors', 'BIT', '129 stores', '44 airports', '13 countries', '200 employees', 'portfolio', '25 years', 'experience', 'wellness']",2024-06-13,2024-06-14,marketscreener.com
42683,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/AZELIS-GROUP-NV-127080828/news/Azelis-Included-in-Euronext-s-BEL20-Index-46962901/,Azelis : Included in Euronext's BEL20 Index,(marketscreener.com)   Azelis Included in Euronext's BEL20 Index      13 Jun 2024 07:00 CEST    Subscribe     Issuer   Azelis Group NV      Regulatory News:   Azelis   a leading innovation...https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/st…,"Azelis Included in Euronext's BEL20 IndexRegulatory News:Azelis (Brussels:AZE)  a leading innovation service provider in the specialty chemicals and food ingredients industry  is proud to announce that it has been included in the BEL20 index  the benchmark stock market index of Euronext Brussels  consisting of the 20 largest traded companies in Belgium. This inclusion  effective June 24th  is a testament to Azelis' strong positioning  performance  and commitment to providing value to all stakeholders.The BEL20 tracks the performance of 20 companies in Belgium with the largest free-float market capitalization  and the composition of the index is reviewed annually. As one of Euronext's blue-chip indices  the BEL20 serves as an underlying benchmark for structured products  funds  exchange traded funds  options and futures.Anna Bertona  Azelis Group CEO  comments:""We are pleased to be included in the BEL20 index just a few short years after our IPO. This inclusion is a significant milestone for Azelis and is a clear signal of our growth and progress as one of 20 indicators for the Belgian stock market. This recognition also demonstrates to our customers  principals  and shareholders that Azelis is committed to furthering our commercial and operational performance by providing sustainable and innovative formulations. As a company proudly headquartered in Belgium  we're honored to increase the visibility of Azelis in our home market and play an important role in the Belgian economy.""- END -About AzelisAzelis is a leading global innovation service provider in the specialty chemical and food ingredients industry  present in 63 countries across the globe with over 4 200 employees. Our knowledgeable teams of industry  market and technical experts are each dedicated to a specific market within Life Sciences and Industrial Chemicals. We offer a lateral value chain of complementary products to more than 63 000 customers  supported by +2 800 principal relationships  creating a turnover of €4.2 billion (2023). Azelis Group NV is listed on Euronext Brussels under ticker AZE.Across our extensive network of more than 70 application laboratories  our award-winning staff help develop formulations and provide technical guidance throughout the customers' product development process. We combine a global market reach with a local footprint to offer a reliable  integrated  and unique digital service to local customers and attractive -business opportunities to principals. Top industry-rated by Sustainalytics  Azelis is a leader in sustainability. We believe in building and nurturing solid  honest and transparent relationships with our people and partners.Impact through ideas. Innovation through formulation.www.azelis.comView source version on businesswire.com:https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20240612010927/en/Contact informationAzelisMeredith WoodSenior Corporate Communications Business PartnerT: +32 (0)485 29 36 65E: meredith.wood@azelis.com",neutral,0.0,0.99,0.0,positive,0.64,0.35,0.02,True,English,"['BEL20 Index', 'Azelis', 'Euronext', 'Meredith Wood Senior Corporate Communications Business Partner T', 'leading global innovation service provider', 'leading innovation service provider', 'largest free-float market capitalization', ""customers' product development process"", 'benchmark stock market index', 'unique digital service', 'global market reach', 'attractive -business opportunities', 'Belgian stock market', 'food ingredients industry', '20 largest traded companies', 'lateral value chain', 'Azelis Group CEO', 'Azelis Group NV', 'underlying benchmark', 'home market', 'specific market', 'Belgian economy', 'BEL20 Index', 'specialty chemicals', 'strong positioning', 'blue-chip indices', 'traded funds', 'Anna Bertona', 'significant milestone', 'clear signal', 'important role', 'knowledgeable teams', 'technical experts', 'Life Sciences', 'Industrial Chemicals', '+2,800 principal relationships', 'extensive network', '70 application laboratories', 'award-winning staff', 'technical guidance', 'local footprint', 'local customers', 'solid, honest', 'transparent relationships', 'source version', 'Contact information', 'The BEL20', 'Regulatory News', 'innovative formulations', 'complementary products', 'operational performance', 'Euronext Brussels', '20 companies', '63,000 customers', 'Belgium', 'inclusion', 'testament', 'commitment', 'stakeholders', 'composition', 'options', 'futures', 'comments', 'IPO', 'growth', 'progress', '20 indicators', 'recognition', 'principals', 'shareholders', 'commercial', 'sustainable', 'company', 'visibility', 'END', '63 countries', 'globe', '4,200 employees', 'turnover', 'ticker', 'Sustainalytics', 'leader', 'sustainability', 'people', 'partners', 'Impact', 'ideas', 'businesswire']",2024-06-13,2024-06-14,marketscreener.com
42684,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/NHOA-21479583/news/NHOA-Voting-Results-of-the-Mixed-General-Meeting-Held-on-13-June-2024-46969038/,NHOA: Voting Results of the Mixed General Meeting Held on 13 June 2024,(marketscreener.com) Regulatory News:The Mixed General Meeting of NHOA S.A.   global player in energy storage and e-mobility  active in the construction of the largest fastcharging network in Southern Europe  whose securities are admitted to trading on th…,Regulatory News:The Mixed General Meeting of NHOA S.A. (Paris:NHOA) (« NHOA »)  global player in energy storage and e-mobility  active in the construction of the largest fastcharging network in Southern Europe  whose securities are admitted to trading on the regulated market of Euronext Paris (NHOA.PA)  was held on 13 June 2024 at 10:30 a.m. (Paris time) at 2 Rue Ancelle  92200 Neuilly-sur-Seine  France.The shareholders were convened to vote on the following resolutions:Resolution n°1 - Approval of the individual financial statements of the Company for the financial year ended on 31 December 2023 and discharge to the members of the Board of Directors;- Approval of the individual financial statements of the Company for the financial year ended on 31 December 2023 and discharge to the members of the Board of Directors; Resolution n°2 – Approval of the consolidated financial statements of the Company for the financial year ended on 31 December 2023;– Approval of the consolidated financial statements of the Company for the financial year ended on 31 December 2023; Resolution n°3 – Allocation of the results of the financial year ended on 31 December 2023;– Allocation of the results of the financial year ended on 31 December 2023; Resolution n°4 – Approval of the regulated agreements referred to under Articles L.225-38 et seq. of the French Commercial Code;– Approval of the regulated agreements referred to under Articles L.225-38 of the French Commercial Code; Resolution n°5 – Approval of the expenses and charges referred to under Article 39 4° of the French General Tax Code;– Approval of the expenses and charges referred to under Article 39 4° of the French General Tax Code; Resolution n°6 – Determination of the attendance fees allocated to the members of the Board of Directors;– Determination of the attendance fees allocated to the members of the Board of Directors; Resolution n°7 – Appointment of Mr. Carlalberto Guglielminotti as member of the Board of Directors;– Appointment of Mr. Carlalberto Guglielminotti as member of the Board of Directors; Resolution n°8 – Appointment of Mr. Giuseppe Artizzu as member of the Board of Directors;– Appointment of Mr. Giuseppe Artizzu as member of the Board of Directors; Resolution n°9 – Appointment of Mrs. Cynthia A Utterback as member of the Board of Directors;– Appointment of Mrs. Cynthia A Utterback as member of the Board of Directors; Resolution n°10 – Approval of the compensation policy applicable to all of the Company’s corporate officers ( mandataires sociaux ) for the 2024 financial year;– Approval of the compensation policy applicable to all of the Company’s corporate officers ( ) for the 2024 financial year; Resolution n°11 – Approval of the compensation policy applicable to the Chairman of the Board of Directors for the 2024 financial year;– Approval of the compensation policy applicable to the Chairman of the Board of Directors for the 2024 financial year; Resolution n°12 – Approval of the compensation policy applicable to the Chief Executive Officer for the 2024 financial year;– Approval of the compensation policy applicable to the Chief Executive Officer for the 2024 financial year; Resolution n°13 – Approval of the compensation policy applicable to the members of the Board of Directors for the 2024 financial year;– Approval of the compensation policy applicable to the members of the Board of Directors for the 2024 financial year; Resolution n°14 – Approval of the overall compensation and benefits of any kind paid or granted to the corporate officers ( mandataires sociaux ) for the 2023 financial year;– Approval of the overall compensation and benefits of any kind paid or granted to the corporate officers ( ) for the 2023 financial year; Resolution n°15 – Approval of the overall compensation and benefits of any kind paid or granted to the Chief Executive Officer for the 2023 financial year;– Approval of the overall compensation and benefits of any kind paid or granted to the Chief Executive Officer for the 2023 financial year; Resolution n°16 – Approval of the overall compensation and benefits of any kind paid or granted to the members of the Board of Directors for the 2023 financial year;– Approval of the overall compensation and benefits of any kind paid or granted to the members of the Board of Directors for the 2023 financial year; Resolution n°17 – Appointment of Deloitte & Associés  Statutory Auditor in charge of certifying sustainability information;– Appointment of Deloitte & Associés  Statutory Auditor in charge of certifying sustainability information; Resolution n°18 – Authorisation granted to the Board of Directors to purchase shares of the Company under a share repurchase program;– Authorisation granted to the Board of Directors to purchase shares of the Company under a share repurchase program; Resolution n°19 – Delegation of authority granted to the Board of Directors to reduce the Company’s share capital by cancelling the Company's own shares under the conditions provided for in Articles L.22-10-62 et seq. of the French Commercial Code;– Delegation of authority granted to the Board of Directors to reduce the Company’s share capital by cancelling the Company's own shares under the conditions provided for in Articles L.22-10-62 of the French Commercial Code; Resolution n°20 – Delegation of authority granted to the Board of Directors to issue  without preferential subscription rights  ordinary shares and/or securities for the benefit of employees and officers of the Company and employees of related companies  beneficiaries of a company savings plan;– Delegation of authority granted to the Board of Directors to issue  without preferential subscription rights  ordinary shares and/or securities for the benefit of employees and officers of the Company and employees of related companies  beneficiaries of a company savings plan; Resolution n°21 – Authorization granted to the Board of Directors to allocate share subscription and/or share purchase options for the benefit of executive officers and employees of the Company and its subsidiaries;– Authorization granted to the Board of Directors to allocate share subscription and/or share purchase options for the benefit of executive officers and employees of the Company and its subsidiaries; Resolution n°22 – Amendment to Article 2 “Purpose” of the Articles of Association of the Company in order to amend the Company’s purpose;– Amendment to Article 2 “Purpose” of the Articles of Association of the Company in order to amend the Company’s purpose; Resolution n°23 – Amendment to Article 4 “Registered Office” of the Articles of Association of the Company in order to amend the Company’s registered office;– Amendment to Article 4 “Registered Office” of the Articles of Association of the Company in order to amend the Company’s registered office; Resolution n°24 – Amendment to Article 18 “Chief Executive Officer” of the Articles of Association in order to set at 75 years the age limit for the Chief Executive Officer;– Amendment to Article 18 “Chief Executive Officer” of the Articles of Association in order to set at 75 years the age limit for the Chief Executive Officer; Resolution n°25 – Powers for formalities.The shareholders’ attendance was as follows:Total number of shares 214 103 780 Total number of shareholders represented or giving a proxy to the chairman or voting by mail 15 Total number of voting rights expressed by the shareholders represented or giving a proxy to the chairman or voting by mail 187 965 213Thus  the quorum reached was of 87 791%.The results of the vote are as follows:Resolution Outcome Votes in favor Votes against Abstention Resolution n°1 Approved 187 965 099 100% 0 0.00 % 114 Resolution n°2 Approved 187 965 099 100 % 0 0.00 % 114 Resolution n°3 Approved 187 965 099 100 % 0 0.00 % 114 Resolution n°4 Approved 187 965 099 100% 0 0.00 % 114 Resolution n°5 Approved 187 965 099 100% 0 0.00 % 114 Resolution n°6 Approved 187 965 099 100% 0 0.00 % 114 Resolution n°7 Approved 187 965 099 100% 0 0.00 % 114 Resolution n°8 Approved 187 271 929 99.63 % 693 170 0.37 % 114 Resolution n°9 Approved 187 965 099 100 % 0 0.00 % 114 Resolution n°10 Approved 187 965 092 100 % 0 0.00 % 121 Resolution n°11 Approved 187 965 092 100 % 0 0.00 % 121 Resolution n°12 Approved 183 919 429 97.85 % 4 045 663 2.15 % 121 Resolution n°13 Approved 187 965 092 100 % 0 0.00 % 121 Resolution n°14 Approved 187 965 092 100 % 0 0.00 % 121 Resolution n°15 Approved 187 965 092 100% 0 0.00 % 121 Resolution n°16 Approved 187 965 092 100% 0 0.00 % 121 Resolution n°17 Approved 187 271 929 100 % 0 0.00 % 693 284 Resolution n°18 Approved 184 938 178 98.39 % 3 026 921 1.61 % 114 Resolution n°19 Approved 187 965 099 100 % 0 0.00 % 114 Resolution n°20 Approved 187 965 098 > 99.99 % 1 < 0.01 % 114 Resolution n°21 Approved 183 919 435 97.85 % 4 045 664 2.15 % 114 Resolution n°22 Approved 187 965 099 100 % 0 0.00 % 114 Resolution n°23 Approved 187 271 929 100 % 0 0.00 % 693 284 Resolution n°24 Approved 187 965 098 > 99.99 % 1 < 0.01 % 114 Resolution n°25 Approved 187 965 099 100 % 0 0.00 % 114All the proposed resolutions were approved by the shareholders.NHOA GroupNHOA S.A. (formerly Engie EPS)  global player in energy storage  e-mobility and EV fast and ultra-fast charging network  develops technologies enabling the transition towards clean energy and sustainable mobility  shaping the future of a next generation living in harmony with our planet.Listed on Euronext Paris regulated market (NHOA.PA)  NHOA Group forms part of the CAC® Mid & Small and CAC® All-Tradable financial indices.NHOA Group  with offices in France  Spain  Portugal  United Kingdom  United States  Taiwan and Australia  maintains entirely in Italy research  development and production of its technologies.For further information  go towww.nhoagroup.comFollow us on LinkedInFollow us on InstagramView source version on businesswire.com: https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20240613958662/en/,neutral,0.01,0.98,0.01,neutral,0.03,0.95,0.02,True,English,"['Mixed General Meeting', 'Voting Results', 'NHOA', '13 June', 'The Mixed General Meeting', 'Mrs. Cynthia A Utterback', 'French General Tax Code', 'French Commercial Code', 'largest fastcharging network', 'Mr. Carlalberto Guglielminotti', 'Mr. Giuseppe Artizzu', 'Chief Executive Officer', 'share repurchase program', 'individual financial statements', 'consolidated financial statements', 'NHOA S.A.', 'share capital', 'Associés', 'financial year', 'Regulatory News', 'global player', 'energy storage', 'Southern Europe', 'regulated market', '2 Rue Ancelle', 'following resolutions', 'regulated agreements', 'attendance fees', 'compensation policy', 'corporate officers', 'mandataires sociaux', 'overall compensation', 'Statutory Auditor', 'sustainability information', 'Euronext Paris', 'Paris time', '10:30 a', 'NHOA.', 'construction', 'securities', '13 June', 'Neuilly-sur-Seine', 'France', 'shareholders', 'Approval', 'Company', '31 December', 'discharge', 'members', 'Board', 'Directors', 'Allocation', 'results', 'Articles', 'expenses', 'charges', 'Determination', 'Appointment', 'Chairman', 'benefits', 'kind', 'Deloitte', 'Authorisation', 'shares', 'Delegation', 'authority', 'conditions', '°']",2024-06-13,2024-06-14,marketscreener.com
42685,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/CAIRN-HOMES-PLC-22428998/news/Cairn-Homes-Plc-Transaction-in-Own-Shares-46963146/,Cairn Homes Plc: Transaction in Own Shares,(marketscreener.com) Cairn Homes Plc Cairn Homes Plc: Transaction in Own Shares 13-Jun-2024 / 07:00 GMT/BST13 June 2024 Cairn Homes plc Transaction in own shares  The Company announces that on 12th of June 2024 it purchas…,"13 June 2024Cairn Homes plc (the “Company”)Transaction in own sharesThe Company announces that on 12th of June 2024 it purchased a total of 100 000 of its ordinary shares of EUR 0.001 each (the ""ordinary shares"") on Euronext Dublin and the London Stock Exchange through the Company's broker Goodbody Stockbrokers UC (“Goodbody”)  as detailed below. The repurchased shares will be cancelled.Euronext Dublin London Stock Exchange Number of ordinary shares purchased 70 000 30 000 Highest price paid (per ordinary share) €1.6840 £1.4220 Lowest price paid (per ordinary share) €1.6520 £1.3940 Volume weighted average price paid (per ordinary share) €1.6680 £1.4073The purchases form part of the Company’s share buyback programme announced on 3 March 2023.Following settlement and cancellation of the above purchases  the Company's total number of ordinary shares in issue shall be 644 844 009 ordinary shares  each carrying the right to one vote. The Company holds nil ordinary shares in treasury.In accordance with Article 5(1)(b) of Regulation (EU) No 596/2014 (the Market Abuse Regulation)  the detailed breakdown of individual trades made by Goodbody on behalf of the Company as part of the share buyback programme is set out below.Contacts:Cairn Homes plc +353 1 696 4600Tara Grimley  Company SecretaryAppendixTransaction DetailsIssuer Name Cairn Homes plc LEI 635400DPX6WP2KKDOA83 ISIN IE00BWY4ZF18 Intermediary Name Goodbody Stockbrokers UC Intermediary Code GDBSIE21XXX Timezone BST Currency EUR & GBPEuronext DublinNumber of Shares Price per Share (EUR) Trading venue Time of transaction Transaction Reference Number 23 1.6640 XDUB 08:46:13 00028999826TRDU1 1 787 1.6640 XDUB 08:46:13 00028999825TRDU1 1 396 1.6640 XDUB 08:46:13 00028999824TRDU1 705 1.6640 XDUB 08:46:14 00028999828TRDU1 1 920 1.6640 XDUB 08:46:14 00028999827TRDU1 1 936 1.6660 XDUB 08:57:59 00028999894TRDU1 1 790 1.6660 XDUB 09:14:53 00028999938TRDU1 1 500 1.6680 XDUB 09:58:34 00029000046TRDU1 1 296 1.6640 XDUB 10:12:33 00029000071TRDU1 2 551 1.6640 XDUB 10:12:33 00029000070TRDU1 90 1.6640 XDUB 11:06:34 00029000273TRDU1 1 960 1.6640 XDUB 11:06:34 00029000272TRDU1 2 409 1.6600 XDUB 11:07:05 00029000277TRDU1 1 769 1.6600 XDUB 11:07:05 00029000276TRDU1 1 500 1.6600 XDUB 11:07:05 00029000275TRDU1 1 758 1.6600 XDUB 12:38:31 00029000690TRDU1 1 689 1.6600 XDUB 12:38:31 00029000689TRDU1 586 1.6600 XDUB 12:38:31 00029000695TRDU1 1 400 1.6600 XDUB 12:38:31 00029000694TRDU1 898 1.6600 XDUB 12:38:31 00029000693TRDU1 1 202 1.6600 XDUB 12:38:31 00029000692TRDU1 69 1.6600 XDUB 12:38:31 00029000691TRDU1 1 783 1.6520 XDUB 13:28:33 00029000830TRDU1 804 1.6560 XDUB 13:38:50 00029001021TRDU1 1 216 1.6560 XDUB 13:38:50 00029001020TRDU1 3 906 1.6620 XDUB 14:15:33 00029001437TRDU1 1 246 1.6620 XDUB 14:15:33 00029001436TRDU1 2 270 1.6620 XDUB 14:15:33 00029001438TRDU1 298 1.6600 XDUB 14:28:02 00029001643TRDU1 1 400 1.6600 XDUB 14:28:02 00029001644TRDU1 200 1.6720 XDUB 14:48:49 00029002388TRDU1 322 1.6720 XDUB 14:48:49 00029002387TRDU1 163 1.6720 XDUB 14:48:50 00029002389TRDU1 683 1.6780 XDUB 14:54:50 00029002578TRDU1 1 500 1.6780 XDUB 14:54:51 00029002579TRDU1 569 1.6780 XDUB 14:59:24 00029002668TRDU1 1 500 1.6780 XDUB 14:59:24 00029002667TRDU1 1 771 1.6740 XDUB 15:01:22 00029002702TRDU1 467 1.6760 XDUB 15:15:44 00029002896TRDU1 581 1.6760 XDUB 15:15:44 00029002895TRDU1 715 1.6760 XDUB 15:15:44 00029002894TRDU1 1 836 1.6720 XDUB 15:16:58 00029002932TRDU1 3 523 1.6720 XDUB 15:16:58 00029002931TRDU1 1 869 1.6700 XDUB 15:28:40 00029003142TRDU1 1 269 1.6820 XDUB 15:58:18 00029003865TRDU1 53 1.6820 XDUB 15:58:18 00029003866TRDU1 798 1.6820 XDUB 15:58:18 00029003867TRDU1 5 781 1.6840 XDUB 16:03:51 00029004007TRDU1 3 243 1.6840 XDUB 16:22:12 00029004445TRDU1London Stock Exchange",neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,negative,0.01,0.39,0.59,True,English,"['Cairn Homes Plc', 'Own Shares', 'Transaction', 'LEI 635400DPX6WP2KKDOA83 ISIN IE00BWY4ZF18 Intermediary Name Goodbody Stockbrokers UC Intermediary Code GDBSIE21XXX Timezone BST Currency EUR', 'Euronext Dublin London Stock Exchange Number', 'Volume weighted average price', 'Issuer Name', 'Trading venue Time', 'Cairn Homes plc', 'share buyback programme', 'Market Abuse Regulation', 'Transaction Reference Number', 'nil ordinary shares', 'Highest price', 'Lowest price', 'total number', 'Shares Price', '644,844,009 ordinary shares', 'one vote', 'EU) No', 'detailed breakdown', 'individual trades', 'Tara Grimley', 'Transaction Details', 'above purchases', 'The Company', 'Company Secretary', 'June', '12th', 'part', '3 March', 'settlement', 'cancellation', 'right', 'treasury', 'accordance', 'Article', 'behalf', 'Contacts', 'Appendix', 'GBP', 'XDUB', '00028999826TRDU1', '00028999825TRDU1', '00028999824TRDU1', '00028999828TRDU1', '00028999827TRDU1', '00028999894TRDU1', '00028999938TRDU1', '00029000046TRDU1', '00029000071TRDU1', '00029000070TRDU1', '00029000273TRDU1', '00029000272TRDU1', '00029000277TRDU1', '00029000276TRDU1', '00029000275TRDU1', '00029000690TRDU1', '00029000689TRDU1', '00029000695TRDU1', '00029000694TRDU1', '00029000693TRDU1', '00029000692TRDU1', '00029000691TRDU1', '00029000830TRDU1', '00029001021TRDU1', '00029001020TRDU1', '00029001437TRDU1', '00029001436TRDU1', '00029001438TRDU1', '00029001643TRDU1', '00029001644TRDU1', '00029002388TRDU1', '00029002387TRDU1', '00029002389TRDU1', '00029002578TRDU1', '00029002579TRDU1', '00029002668TRDU1', '00029002667TRDU1', '00029002702TRDU1', '00029002896TRDU1', '00029002895TRDU1', '00029002932TRDU1', '00029002931TRDU1', '00029003142TRDU1', '00029003865TRDU1', '00029003866TRDU1', '00029003867TRDU1', '00029004007TRDU1', '00029004445TRDU1']",2024-06-13,2024-06-14,marketscreener.com
42686,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/GIGLIO-GROUP-S-P-A-23277317/news/Giglio-S-p-A-Proxy-form-to-the-appointed-representative-pursuant-to-art-135-undecies-of-legislati-46970156/,Giglio S p A : Proxy form to the appointed representative pursuant to art. 135-undecies of legislative decree no. 58/1998 (updated to 06/13/24),(marketscreener.com)   GIGLIO GROUP S.p.A.   PROXY FORM TO THE APPOINTED REPRESENTATIVE PURSUANT TO ART. 135-UNDECIES OF LEGISLATIVE DECREE NO. 58/1998    Monte Titoli S.p.A.  with registered office in Milan  Piazza degli Affari No. 6  Tax Code No. 03…,"GIGLIO GROUP S.p.A. PROXY FORM TO THE APPOINTED REPRESENTATIVE PURSUANT TO ART. 135-UNDECIES OF LEGISLATIVE DECREE NO. 58/1998 (""CFA"") Monte Titoli S.p.A.  with registered office in Milan  Piazza degli Affari No. 6  Tax Code No. 03638780159  belonging to the Euronext Group  Group VAT No. 10977060960 (hereinafter ""Monte Titoli"")  acting in the capacity of ""Designated Representative""  pursuant to Article 135-undecies of Legislative Decree 58/1998  of Giglio Group S.p.A. (hereinafter the ""Company"" or ""Giglio"")  in the person of its specifically tasked employee or associate  gathers voting proxies in relation to the Ordinary Shareholders' Meeting of GIGLIO GROUP to be held on 28 June 2024  at 12:00 p.m.  in single call at Piazza della Meridiana  1 - 16124 - Genoa (GE)  as set forth in the notice of the shareholders' meeting published on the Company's website at www.giglio.org (Corporate Governance - Shareholders' Meetings - Shareholder Meeting 28 June 2024) on 19 May 2024 and as an excerpt on the newspaper ""Il Domani"" of the same day. The proxy form with the relating voting instructions shall be received  in original  by Monte Titoli by the end of the second market day preceding the date set for the Meeting ( i.e.  by 11:59 p.m. of 26 June 2024). The proxies and voting instructions may be revoked within the same deadline. Declaration of the Designated Representative Monte Titoli declares that it has no personal interest in the proposed resolutions being voted upon. However  taking into account the existing contractual relationships between Monte Titoli and the Company relating  in particular  to technical assistance at the meeting and ancillary services  in order to avoid any subsequent disputes related to the supposed presence of circumstances suitable for determining the existence of a conflict of interest referred to in Art. 135-decies  par. 2  lett. f) of the CFA  Monte Titoli expressly declares that  should circumstances which are unknown at the time of issue of the proxy arise  which cannot be communicated to the delegating party  or in the event of modification or integration of the proposals presented to the Shareholders' Meeting  it does not intend to express a vote different from that indicated in the instructions. Please note: This form may be subject to change following any Integration of the agenda of the shareholders' meeting and presentation of new proposed resolutions pursuant to Art. 126-bis of Legislative Decree no. 58/1998  or individual proposed resolutions  in accordance with the terms and procedures indicated in the Notice of Call. PROXY FORM (Part 1 of 2) Complete with the information requested at the bottom of the form I  the undersigned (party signing the proxy) (Name and Surname) (*) Born in (*) On (*) Tax identification code or other identification if foreign (*) Residing in (*) Address (*) Phone no. (**) E-mail (**) Valid ID document (type) (*) Issued by (*) No. (*) (to be enclosed as a copy) in its capacity as (tick the relevant box) (*) shareholder with the right to vote OR IF DIFFERENT FROM THE SHAREHOLDER legal representative or subject with appropriate representation powers ( copy of the documentation of the powers of representation to be enclosed )) secured creditor  assignee  usufructuary  custodian  manager  other (specify) ……………………………………………………………………………………………… Mandatory; (**) Compilation is recommended. Monte Titoli S.p.A.GIGLIO GROUP S.p.A. PROXY FORM TO THE APPOINTED REPRESENTATIVE PURSUANT TO ART. 135-UNDECIES OF LEGISLATIVE DECREE NO. 58/1998 (""CFA"") Name Surname/Denomination(*) (complete only if the shareholder is Born in (*) On (*) Tax identification code or other identification if foreign (*) different from the proxy signatory) Registered office / Resident in (*) Related to Registered in the securities account (1) no. _____________________ at the intermediary _________________ ABI_______ no. (*) ___________ ordinary shares listed on ""Euronext Milan"" ISIN CAB________ IT0005122400 as referred to in disclosure no. __________________________ (ex art. 83-sexies Leg. Dec. no. 58/1998) (2) carried out by intermediary: __________________________________________ Registered in the securities account (1) no. _____________________ at the intermediary _________________ ABI_______ no. (*) ____________ majority-/multiple-vote shares ISIN IT0005480998 CAB________ as referred to in disclosure no. __________________________ (ex art. 83-sexies Leg. Dec. no. 58/1998) (2) carried out by intermediary: __________________________________________ no. (*) ____________ non-listed ordinary shares ISIN IT0005577025 Registered in the securities account (1) no. _____________________ at the intermediary _________________ ABI_______ CAB________ (to be filled in with information regarding any further communications as referred to in disclosure no. __________________________ (ex art. 83-sexies Leg. Dec. no. 58/1998) (2) relating to deposits) carried out by intermediary: __________________________________________ GIVES PROXY to Monte Titoli S.p.A. to participate and vote in the Shareholders' Meeting indicated above as per the instructions provided below. DECLARES To be aware of the possibility that the proxy to the Designated Representative contains voting instructions even only on some of the proposed resolutions on the agenda and that  in this case  the vote will be exercised only for the proposals in relation to which they are you have given voting instructions and that you have requested the communication from the depositary intermediary for participation in the Shareholders' Meeting as indicated above; - That there are no causes of incompatibility or suspension of the exercise of the right to vote. AUTHORIZES Monte Titoli and the Company to the processing of their personal data for the purposes  under the conditions and terms indicated in the following paragraphs.  (Place and Date) (Signature) Monte Titoli S.p.A. 2GIGLIO GROUP S.p.A. PROXY FORM TO THE APPOINTED REPRESENTATIVE PURSUANT TO ART. 135-UNDECIES OF LEGISLATIVE DECREE NO. 58/1998 (""CFA"") VOTING INSTRUCTIONS (Part 2 of 2) Intended for the Designated Representative only - Tick the relevant boxes I the undersigned signatory of the proxy (Name and Surname) (3) __________________________________________________________________________________________________________ (indicate the holder of the right to vote only if different name and surname / denomination) (3) __________________________________________________________________________________________________________ Hereby appoints Monte Titoli to vote in accordance with the voting instructions given below in the Ordinary Shareholders' Meeting of Giglio Group S.p.A. to be held at Piazza della Meridiana  1 - 16124 - Genoa (GE)  on 28 June 2024  at 12:00 p.m.  on single call. RESOLUTIONS SUBJECT TO VOTING Please note that  within the legal deadlines  shareholders can present new resolution proposals and additions to the Agenda: for this reason  the Shareholders are invited to check  on the Issuer's website  for any updates to this form  in accordance with the envisaged resolutions. 1. Financial Statements as of 31 December 2023; presentation of Consolidated Financial Statements as of 31 December 2023; Directors' Report on Operations  Board of Statutory Auditors' Report and Auditing Company's Report. 1.1 Approval of Financial Statements. Resolutions pertaining thereto and resulting therefrom. SECTION A Vote on the Board of Directors' resolution Tick only one box: proposal (coinciding with Meridiana Holding S.p.A.'s proposal) In favour Against Abstained SECTION B and C If circumstances occur which are unknown at the time of issuance of the proxy or in the event of a  Confirm the instructions  Revoke the instructions vote on amendments or additions to the resolutions submitted to the meeting  I the undersigned proxy signatory Modify the instructions in favour ____________________________________ AgainstAbstained 1.2 Appropriate provisions pursuant to Art. 2446 of the Italian Civil Code. Resolutions pertaining thereto and resulting therefrom. SECTION A Vote on Meridiana Holding S.p.A.'s resolution Tick only one box: proposal In favour Against Abstained SECTION A Vote on the Board of Directors' resolution Tick only one box: proposal In favour Against Abstained Monte Titoli S.p.A. 3GIGLIO GROUP S.p.A. PROXY FORM TO THE APPOINTED REPRESENTATIVE PURSUANT TO ART. 135-UNDECIES OF LEGISLATIVE DECREE NO. 58/1998 (""CFA"") SECTION B and C Modify the instructions If circumstances occur which are unknown at the time of issuance of the proxy or in the event of a  Confirm the instructions  Revoke the instructions  in favour __________________ vote on amendments or additions to the resolutions submitted to the meeting  I the undersigned  Against proxy signatory  Abstained 2. Appointment of the Board of Directors. Resolutions pertaining thereto and resulting therefrom: 2.1 Identification of number of members of the Board of Directors; SECTION A Tick only one box: In favour Against Abstained Proposer: _______________________ SECTION B and C Modify the instructions If circumstances occur which are unknown at the time of issuance of the proxy or in the event of a  Confirm the instructions  Revoke the instructions  in favour __________________ vote on amendments or additions to the resolutions submitted to the meeting  I the undersigned  Against proxy signatory  Abstained 2.2 Identification of the duration of the assignment of the Board of Directors. SECTION A Tick only one box: In favour Against Abstained Proposer: _______________________ SECTION B and C Modify the instructions If circumstances occur which are unknown at the time of issuance of the proxy or in the event of a  Confirm the instructions  Revoke the instructions  in favour __________________ vote on amendments or additions to the resolutions submitted to the meeting  I the undersigned  Against proxy signatory  Abstained 2.3 Appointment of Directors; Shareholders are invited to check the slates of candidates available on the Issuer's website within the legal deadlines. SECTION A Slate no. ______ Against Abstained Please tick only one box indicating the number of the chosen slate or against/abstained with reference to all the slates SECTION B and C Modify the instructions If circumstances occur which are unknown at the time of issuance of the proxy or in the event of a  Confirm the instructions  Revoke the instructions  in favour __________________ vote on amendments or additions to the resolutions submitted to the meeting  I the undersigned  Against proxy signatory  Abstained 2.4 Appointment of the Chairman of the Board of Directors; SECTION A Tick only one box: In favour Against Abstained Proposer: _______________________ SECTION B and C Modify the instructions If circumstances occur which are unknown at the time of issuance of the proxy or in the event of a  Confirm the instructions  Revoke the instructions  in favour __________________ vote on amendments or additions to the resolutions submitted to the meeting  I the undersigned  Against proxy signatory  Abstained Monte Titoli S.p.A. 4GIGLIO GROUP S.p.A. PROXY FORM TO THE APPOINTED REPRESENTATIVE PURSUANT TO ART. 135-UNDECIES OF LEGISLATIVE DECREE NO. 58/1998 (""CFA"") 2.5 Identification of the remuneration due to the members of the Board of Directors; SECTION A Tick only one box: In favour Against Abstained Proposer: _______________________ SECTION B and C Modify the instructions If circumstances occur which are unknown at the time of issuance of the proxy or in the event of a  Confirm the instructions  Revoke the instructions  in favour __________________ vote on amendments or additions to the resolutions submitted to the meeting  I the undersigned  Against proxy signatory  Abstained 3. Appointment of the Board of Statutory Auditors: 3.1 Appointment of the members of the Board of Statutory Auditors and of its Chairman. Shareholders are invited to check the slates of candidates available on the Issuer's website within the legal deadlines. SECTION A Slate no. ______ Against Abstained Please tick only one box indicating the number of the chosen slate or against/abstained with reference to all the slates SECTION B and C Modify the instructions If circumstances occur which are unknown at the time of issuance of the proxy or in the event of a  Confirm the instructions  Revoke the instructions  in favour __________________ vote on amendments or additions to the resolutions submitted to the meeting  I the undersigned  Against proxy signatory  Abstained 3.2 Identification of their Remuneration. SECTION A Tick only one box: In favour Against Abstained Proposer: _______________________ SECTION B and C Modify the instructions If circumstances occur which are unknown at the time of issuance of the proxy or in the event of a  Confirm the instructions  Revoke the instructions  in favour __________________ vote on amendments or additions to the resolutions submitted to the meeting  I the undersigned  Against proxy signatory  Abstained 4. Report on the Remuneration Policy and on the remunerations paid as of 31 December 2023 pursuant to Art. 123-ter of the Legislative Decree no. 58/1998 (CFA) and 84-quater of the Issuers Regulation adopted by Consob with Resolution no. 11971 of 14 May 1999. 4.1 Binding resolution on the first section of the Report on the Remuneration Policy  drafted pursuant to Art. 123-ter  par. 3 of the Legislative Decree no. 58/1998. SECTION A In favour Against Abstained Vote on the Board of Directors' resolution Tick only one box: proposal SECTION B and C Modify the instructions If circumstances occur which are unknown at the time of issuance of the proxy or in the event of a  Confirm the instructions  Revoke the instructions  in favour __________________ vote on amendments or additions to the resolutions submitted to the meeting  I the undersigned  Against Monte Titoli S.p.A. 5GIGLIO GROUP S.p.A. PROXY FORM TO THE APPOINTED REPRESENTATIVE PURSUANT TO ART. 135-UNDECIES OF LEGISLATIVE DECREE NO. 58/1998 (""CFA"") proxy signatory Abstained 4.2 Non-binding resolution on the second section of the Report on remunerations paid  SECTION A In favour Against Abstained Vote on the Board of Directors' resolution Tick only one box: proposal SECTION B and C Modify the instructions If circumstances occur which are unknown at the time of issuance of the proxy or in the event of a  Confirm the instructions  Revoke the instructions  in favour __________________ vote on amendments or additions to the resolutions submitted to the meeting  I the undersigned  Against proxy signatory  Abstained  (Place and Date) (Signature) Derivative action In the event of derivative action proposed pursuant to Art. 2393  par. 2 of the Italian Civil Code by shareholders on the occasion of the approval of the Financial Statements  I the undersigned give proxy to the Designated Representative to vote according to the following indication In favour Against Abstaine  (Place and Data) (Signature) Monte Titoli S.p.A. 6GIGLIO GROUP S.p.A. PROXY FORM TO THE APPOINTED REPRESENTATIVE PURSUANT TO ART. 135-UNDECIES OF LEGISLATIVE DECREE NO. 58/1998 (""CFA"") INSTRUCTIONS FOR THE FILLING AND SUBMISSION The person entitled to do so must request the depositary intermediary to issue the communication for participation in the shareholders' meeting referred to the Art. 83-sexies  Legislative Decree no. 58/1998. Indicate the number of the securities custody account and the denomination of the depositary intermediary. The information can be obtained from the account statement provided by the intermediary. Indicate the Communication reference for the Shareholders' Meeting issued by the depositary intermediary upon request from the person entitled to vote. Specify the name and surname/denomination of the holder of voting rights (and the signatory of the Proxy Form and voting instructions  if different). Pursuant to Article 135-undecies  par. 3  of Legislative Decree no. 58/1998  ""The shares for which the proxy was granted  in full or in part  are counted for the purposes of determining that the meeting has been validly convened. With regard to proposals for which no voting instructions are given  the shares concerned are not considered in calculating the majority and the percentage of capital required for the resolutions to be carried.""135-undecies  par. 3  of Legislative Decree no. 58/1998  ""The shares for which the proxy was granted  in full or in part  are counted for the purposes of determining that the meeting has been validly convened. With regard to proposals for which no voting instructions are given  the shares concerned are not considered in calculating the majority and the percentage of capital required for the resolutions to be carried."" With reference to every items of the Agenda  if significant circumstances occur which are unknown at the time of granting the proxy (i.e. absence of proposals of the Board of Directors or absence of proposals indicated by the proposer in the terms of the law and issued by the Company)  or if amendments or additions are made to the proposed resolutions put forward to the meeting and which cannot be notified to the proxy grantor  it is possible to choose from the following options: a) confirmation of the voting instruction already expressed; b) modification of the voting instruction already expressed; c) revocation of the voting instruction already expressed. In case no choices is effected by the delegating party  the voting instructions given in the main section will be confirmed  as far as possible. If it is not possible to vote according to the instructions given  Monte Titoli will abstain on these matters. ______________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________ The proxy form with the relating voting instructions shall be received  in original  by Monte Titoli by the end of the second market day preceding the date set for the Meeting (i.e. by 11:59 p.m. of 16 June 2024)  together with: A copy of an identification document with current validity of the proxy grantor or In case the proxy grantor is a legal person  a copy of an identification document with current validity of the interim legal representative or other person empowered with suitable powers  together with adequate documentation to state its role and powers By one or other of the following two methods: transmission of an electronically reproduced copy (PDF) to the certified email address RD@pec.euronext.com (subject line ""Proxy for Giglio Group's Shareholders' Meeting June 2024"") from one's own certified email address (or  failing that  from one's own ordinary email address  in which case the proxy with voting instructions must be signed with a qualified or digital electronic signature); transmission of the original  by courier or registered mail with return receipt  to the following address: Monte Titoli S.p.A.  Piazza degli Affari n. 6  20123 Milano (Ref. ""Proxy for Giglio Group's Shareholders' Meeting June 2024"")  sending a copy reproduced electronically (PDF) in advance by ordinary e-mail to RD@pec.euronext.com (subject line: ""Proxy for Giglio Group's Shareholders' Meeting June 2024""). Please note: For further information on how to confer a proxy (and in particular on the completion of the proxy form and on how to deliver voting rights)  shareholders authorised to participate in the Shareholders' Meeting may contact Monte Titoli via e-mail at RegisterServices@euronext.com or by phone at (+39) 02.33635810 during open office hours from 9:00 a.m. to 5:00 p.m. Monte Titoli S.p.A. 7GIGLIO GROUP S.p.A. PROXY FORM TO THE APPOINTED REPRESENTATIVE PURSUANT TO ART. 135-UNDECIES OF LEGISLATIVE DECREE NO. 58/1998 (""CFA"") Monte Titoli's privacy policy is available at the link: Corporate Data and Legal Info | euronext.com GIGLIO GROUP S.p.A.'s privacy policy: Data Controller Giglio Group S.p.A. - Piazza Diaz  6 | 20123 Milan Data Protection Officer (DPO) dpo.gigliogroup@giglio.org Data Controller's email address: info@giglio.org Types of Data Collected Among the Personal Data collected by this Application  either independently or through third parties  are: first name; last name; gender; date of birth; telephone number; VAT number; company name; profession; physical address; fax number; country; state; province; email; postal code; various types of Data; city; business sector; User ID; website; Usage Data; Tracking Tool; unique device identifiers for advertising (Google Advertiser ID or IDFA identifier  for example); geographic location; answers to questions; clicks; keypress events; motion sensor events; mouse movements; position relative to scrolling; touch events; City. Full details of each type of data collected are provided in the relevant sections of this privacy policy or by means of specific information texts displayed before the data is collected. Personal Data may be freely provided by the User or  in the case of User Data  automatically collected during the use of this Application. Unless otherwise specified  all Data requested by this Application are mandatory. If the User refuses to communicate them  it may be impossible for this Application to provide the Service. In cases where this Application indicates certain Data as optional  Users are free to refrain from communicating such Data  without any consequences on the availability of the Service or its operation. Users in doubt as to which Data are mandatory are encouraged to contact the Data Controller. The possible use of Cookies - or of other tracking tools - by this Application or by the owners of third party services used by this Application  unless otherwise specified  has the purpose of providing the Service requested by the User  in addition to the further purposes described in this document and in the Cookie Policy  if available. The User assumes responsibility for the Personal Data of third parties obtained  published or shared through this Application and guarantees that he/she has the right to communicate or disseminate them  releasing the Owner from any liability towards third parties. Method and place of processing of collected Data Modes of processing The Data Controller takes appropriate security measures to prevent unauthorised access  disclosure  modification or destruction of Personal Data. The processing is carried out using computer and/or telematic instruments  with organisational methods and logics strictly related to the purposes indicated. In addition to the Data Controller  in some cases  other subjects involved in the organisation of this Application (administrative  sales  marketing  legal  system administrators) or external subjects (such as third party technical service providers  postal couriers  hosting providers  IT companies  communication agencies) also appointed  if necessary  as Data Processors by the Data Controller  may have access to the Data. The updated list of Data Processors can always be requested from the Data Controller. Legal basis for processing The Controller processes Personal Data relating to the User if one of the following conditions exists: the User has given consent for one or more specific purposes; Note: in some jurisdictions  the Controller may be authorised to process Personal Data without the User's consent or another legal basis specified below  until the User objects (""opts-out"") of such processing. However  this does not apply if the processing of Personal Data is governed by European legislation on the protection of Personal Data; processing is necessary for the performance of a contract with the User and/or the performance of pre-contractual measures; processing is necessary for the performance of a legal obligation to which the Controller is subject; Monte Titoli S.p.A. 8GIGLIO GROUP S.p.A. PROXY FORM TO THE APPOINTED REPRESENTATIVE PURSUANT TO ART. 135-UNDECIES OF LEGISLATIVE DECREE NO. 58/1998 (""CFA"") processing is necessary for the performance of a task carried out in the public interest or in the exercise of public authority vested in the Controller; processing is necessary for the pursuit of the legitimate interest of the Controller or of third parties. However  it is always possible to ask the Controller to clarify the concrete legal basis of each processing operation and in particular to specify whether the processing is based on law  required by a contract or necessary to conclude a contract. Location The Data are processed at the Data Controller's premises and at any other place where the parties involved in the processing are located. For further information  please contact the Data Controller. The User's Personal Data may be transferred to a country other than the one where the User is located. For further information on the location of the processing  the User may refer to the section on Personal Data processing details. The User has the right to obtain information about the legal basis of the transfer of Data outside the European Union or to an international organisation under public international law or consisting of two or more countries  such as the UN  as well as about the security measures taken by the Controller to protect the Data. The User can verify whether one of the transfers just described takes place by examining the section of this document relating to details on the processing of Personal Data or request information from the Controller by contacting it at the contact details given at the beginning. Retention period Data are processed and kept for the time required by the purposes for which they were collected. Therefore: Personal Data collected for purposes related to the performance of a contract between the Controller and the User will be retained until the performance of such contract is completed. Personal Data collected for purposes related to the legitimate interest of the Controller will be retained until such interest is satisfied. The User may obtain further information regarding the legitimate interest pursued by the Controller in the relevant sections of this document or by contacting the Controller. When the processing is based on the User's consent  the Data Controller may keep the Personal Data longer until such consent is revoked. Moreover  the Controller may be obliged to keep the Personal Data for a longer period in compliance with a legal obligation or by order of an authority. At the end of the retention period the Personal Data will be deleted. Therefore  at the end of this period  the right of access  deletion  rectification and the right to Data portability can no longer be exercised. Purposes of Data Processing User Data are collected to enable the Data Controller to provide the Service  to comply with legal obligations  to respond to requests or enforcement actions  to protect its rights and interests (or those of Users or third parties)  to detect any malicious or fraudulent activities  as well as for the following purposes: Contacting the User  Statistics  Advertising  Performance testing of content and functionality (A/B testing)  Tag management  Remarketing and behavioural targeting  Display of content from external platforms  Hosting and backend infrastructure  Traffic optimization and distribution  Protection from SPAM  Interaction with social networks and external platforms and Management of Users' databases. To obtain detailed information on the purposes of the processing and on the Personal Data processed for each purpose  the User may refer to the section ""Details on the processing of Personal Data"". Details on the processing of Personal Data For further details  please refer to the Company's website www.giglio.org section""Privacy Policy"" at the link https://www.giglio.org/it/privacy-policy. Monte Titoli S.p.A. 9",neutral,0.02,0.97,0.01,neutral,0.05,0.8,0.15,True,English,"['Giglio S', 'Proxy form', 'legislative decree', 'representative', 'art.', 'Monte Titoli S.p.A.', 'Giglio Group S.p.A.', 'Piazza degli Affari', 'Piazza della Meridiana', 'existing contractual relationships', 'Valid ID document', 'APPOINTED REPRESENTATIVE PURSUANT', 'Representative Monte Titoli', 'second market day', 'Tax identification code', 'Tax Code No', 'majority-/multiple-vote shares ISIN', 'new proposed resolutions', 'SHAREHOLDER legal representative', 'appropriate representation powers', 'LEGISLATIVE DECREE NO.', ""Ordinary Shareholders' Meeting"", 'Designated Representative', 'ordinary shares', 'Euronext Group', 'giglio.org', 'same day', 'VAT No.', 'other identification', ""Shareholders' Meetings"", 'Corporate Governance', 'Il Domani', 'same deadline', 'technical assistance', 'ancillary services', 'subsequent disputes', 'supposed presence', 'relevant box', 'secured creditor', 'ISIN CAB', 'securities account', 'proxy signatory', 'voting instructions', 'Shareholder Meeting', 'registered office', 'voting proxies', 'single call', 'personal interest', 'delegating party', 'Euronext Milan', 'ART. 135-UNDECIES', 'Art. 135-decies', 'ex art', 'PROXY FORM', 'Leg. Dec.', 'CFA', 'capacity', 'Article', 'Company', 'employee', 'associate', '28 June', 'Genoa', 'notice', 'website', '19 May', 'excerpt', 'newspaper', 'relating', 'original', 'end', 'date', '26 June', 'Declaration', 'order', 'circumstances', 'existence', 'conflict', 'time', 'issue', 'event', 'modification', 'integration', 'proposals', 'change', 'bis', 'individual', 'accordance', 'terms', 'procedures', 'information', 'bottom', 'Name', 'Address', 'Phone', 'mail', 'type', 'copy', 'right', 'documentation', 'assignee', 'usufructuary', 'custodian', 'manager', 'Compilation', 'Denomination', 'intermediary', 'ABI', 'disclosure', 'sexies', 'communications', 'deposits', 'abo', '12:00', '11:59']",2024-06-13,2024-06-14,marketscreener.com
42687,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/WORLDLINE-16783982/news/Worldline-2024-General-meeting-Approval-of-all-resolutions-Press-Release-46969068/,Worldline - 2024 General meeting - Approval of all resolutions - Press Release,(marketscreener.com) Worldline’s Shareholders Meeting and Board of Directors of June 13  2024 Paris La Défense  June 13  2024 - Worldline [Euronext: WLN]  a global leader in payment services held today its Shareholders’ Meeting chaired by Mr. Georges Pauget  …,Worldline’s Shareholders Meeting andBoard of Directors of June 13  2024Paris La Défense  June 13  2024 - Worldline [Euronext: WLN]  a global leader in payment services held today its Shareholders’ Meeting chaired by Mr. Georges Pauget  Interim Chairman of the Board of Directors. Following the Shareholders’ Meeting and as announced on March 21  2024  the Board of Directors decided  upon recommendation of the Nomination Committee  to appoint Mr. Wilfried Verstraete as Chairman of the Board of Directors.Shareholders’ Meeting held on June 13  2024At today's meeting  shareholders adopted all the resolutions submitted by the Board of Directors  in particular:the Company and consolidated accounts for the financial year ended on December 31 st   2023;  2023; the renewal of the term of office as director of Mrs. Nazan Somer Özelgin and Mr. Daniel Schmucki  for a period of three years;the ratification of the co-optation of Mr. Wilfried Verstraete as director and its re-appointment for a new term of office of three years; andthe appointment of three new directors  Mrs. Agnès Park  Mrs. Sylvia Steinmann andMr. Olivier Gavalda for a period of three years.Following the Shareholders’ Meeting  as previously announced  the Board of Directors is now composed of 14 directors  including two employee directors. The Board of Directors comprises 58% independent directors  42% women and 67% directors of foreign nationality (other than the employee directors).Furthermore  the shareholders approved the appointment of Deloitte & Associés as statutory auditors responsible for certifying sustainability information for the remainder of its term of office as statutory auditors  i.e. for a period of four years.The Shareholders’ Meeting also approved the components of compensation and benefits for 2023 granted to:Mr. Bernard Bourigeaud  Chairman of the Board of Directors until December 14  2023;Mr. Georges Pauget  Interim Chairman as of December 15  2023;Mr. Gilles Grapinet  Chief Executive Officer; andMr. Marc-Henri Desportes  Deputy Chief Executive Officer.The Shareholders’ Meeting also approved the 2024 compensation policies of the corporate officers.The voting results of the Shareholders’ Meeting and the full broadcast are available on the Company’s website: www.investors.worldline.com/en/general-meeting-of-shareholders.Appointment of Wilfried Verstraete as Chairman of the Board of Directors and governance updateAfter the Shareholders' Meeting  the Board of Directors unanimously decided  upon recommendation of the Nomination Committee:to maintain the separation of the functions of Chairman of the Board of Directors and Chief Executive Officer;to elect Mr. Wilfried Verstraete as Chairman of the Board of Directors; andto confirm Mr. Gilles Grapinet as Chief Executive Officer and Mr. Marc-Henri Desportes as Deputy Chief Executive Officer for their respective current mandate duration.Upon recommendation of the Nomination Committee  the Board of Directors also approved the new composition of its Committees:Audit and Risks Committee: Aldo Cardoso (Chairman)  Mette Kamsvåg  Nazan Somer Özelgin  Sylvia Steinmann and Daniel SchmuckiAldo Cardoso (Chairman)  Mette Kamsvåg  Nazan Somer Özelgin  Sylvia Steinmann and Daniel Schmucki Nomination Committee: Giulia Fitzpatrick (Chairwoman)  Wilfried Verstraete (Vice- Chairman)  Agnès Park and Thierry SommeletGiulia Fitzpatrick (Chairwoman)  Wilfried Verstraete (Vice- Chairman)  Agnès Park and Thierry Sommelet Remuneration Committee: Wilfried Verstraete (Chairman)  Giulia Fitzpatrick(Vice-Chairwoman)  Agnès Park  Thierry Sommelet and Marie-Christine LebertWilfried Verstraete (Chairman)  Giulia Fitzpatrick (Vice-Chairwoman)  Agnès Park  Thierry Sommelet and Marie-Christine Lebert Investment Committee: Daniel Schmucki (Chairman)  Aldo Cardoso  Olivier Gavalda Gilles Grapinet  Mette Kamsvåg  Thierry Sommelet and Wilfried VerstraeteDaniel Schmucki (Chairman)  Aldo Cardoso  Olivier Gavalda  Gilles Grapinet  Mette Kamsvåg  Thierry Sommelet and Wilfried Verstraete CSR Committee: Agnès Park (Chairwoman)  Giulia Fitzpatrick (Vice-Chairwoman) Gilles Grapinet  Sylvia Steinmann and Stephan Van HellemontGeorges Pauget  former Interim Chairman of Worldline’s Board of Directors  declared “Today marks an important date for the Group  with our shareholders giving their full support to a largely renewed governance  carefully designed to support the company’s new strategic phase. As interim Chair  it has been a privilege to chair this Board and to support the development of an European leader in its sector through the vision of its management and to work hand in hand with Wilfried Verstraete to insure the transition. In line with its strategic roadmap since its IPO  Worldline has built over time a unique competitive position in the payment industry  with leading products  cutting-edge technology  first-class partners and outstanding teams. I am confident that Wilfried  as new Chair  has all the skills and I wish him every success in his new role to support the company  Worldline CEO  the management team and the employees to fully leverage on these assets  and I wish them all the success for this exciting journey ahead”Wilfried Verstraete  Chairman of Worldline’s Board of Director  said “I am deeply honoured by the confidence that Worldline’s shareholders have placed in me today  which led to my nomination as Chairman of the Board. They have also supported the Board’s renewed composition  which brings together complementary expertise and oversight  and I would like to thank Georges Pauget for his relentless commitment and support in this transition. In a structurally promising global payments market  I have no doubt that Worldline  which has built up a world class leadership position  has a major role to play  leveraging a strong client base and unique technologies. Together with the Board  I will work closely with the CEO and the executive team to deliver on the next phase of our strategy and to ensure enhanced value creation for all stakeholders.”ContactsInvestor RelationsLaurent Marielaurent.marie@worldline.comGuillaume Delaunayguillaume.delaunay@worldline.comCommunicationSandrine van der Ghinst+32 499 585 380sandrine.vanderghinst@worldline.comHélène Carlander+33 7 72 25 96 04helene.carlander@worldline.comAbout WorldlineWorldline [Euronext: WLN] helps businesses of all shapes and sizes to accelerate their growth journey – quickly  simply  and securely. With advanced payments technology  local expertise and solutions customised for hundreds of markets and industries  Worldline powers the growth of over one million businesses around the world. Worldline generated a 4.6 billion euros revenue in 2023. worldline.comWorldline’s corporate purpose (“raison d’être”) is to design and operate leading digital payment and transactional solutions that enable sustainable economic growth and reinforce trust and security in our societies. Worldline makes them environmentally friendly  widely accessible  and supports social transformation.Attachment,neutral,0.01,0.98,0.01,positive,0.83,0.16,0.01,True,English,"['2024 General meeting', 'Press Release', 'Worldline', 'Approval', 'resolutions', 'Paris La Défense', 'Mrs. Nazan Somer Özelgin', 'Marie-Christine Lebert Investment Committee', 'Mrs. Agnès Park', 'Deputy Chief Executive Officer', 'Wilfried Verstraete CSR Committee', 'Thierry Sommelet Remuneration Committee', 'Daniel Schmucki Nomination Committee', 'Mr. Bernard Bourigeaud', 'Mr. Marc-Henri Desportes', 'current mandate duration', 'Mette Kamsvåg', 'Stephan Van Hellemont', 'unique competitive position', 'Mr. Georges Pauget', 'Mr. Daniel Schmucki', 'Mrs. Sylvia Steinmann', 'new strategic phase', 'Mr. Gilles Grapinet', 'Mr. Wilfried Verstraete', 'Mr. Olivier Gavalda', 'The Shareholders’ Meeting', 'two employee directors', 'former Interim Chairman', 'three new directors', 'Associés', 'Risks Committee', 'strategic roadmap', 'new composition', 'new Chair', 'new role', 'three years', 'global leader', 'payment services', 'financial year', 'foreign nationality', 'statutory auditors', 'sustainability information', 'four years', 'corporate officers', 'voting results', 'full broadcast', 'Aldo Cardoso', 'Giulia Fitzpatrick', 'important date', 'full support', 'European leader', 'payment industry', 'leading products', 'cutting-edge technology', 'first-class partners', 'outstanding teams', 'Shareholders Meeting', ""Shareholders' Meeting"", 'new term', '2024 compensation policies', 'governance update', 'Vice- Chairman', '58% independent directors', '14 directors', '67% directors', 'Worldline', 'Board', 'June', 'Euronext', 'WLN', 'March', 'recommendation', 'today', 'resolutions', 'Company', 'accounts', 'December 31', 'renewal', 'period', 'ratification', 'optation', 'appointment', '42% women', 'Deloitte', 'remainder', 'components', 'benefits', 'website', 'investors', 'separation', 'functions', 'respective', 'Committees', 'Chairwoman', 'Group', 'privilege', 'development', 'sector', 'vision', 'management', 'hand', 'transition', 'IPO', 'time', 'skills', 'success']",2024-06-13,2024-06-14,marketscreener.com
42688,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/NHOA-21479583/news/TCC-Group-Holdings-Co-Ltd-f-k-a-Taiwan-Cement-Corporation-Announces-Its-Intention-to-File-a-Simp-46964121/,TCC Group Holdings Co.  Ltd (f/k/a Taiwan Cement Corporation) Announces Its Intention to File a Simplified Tender Offer for the NHOA Shares  With a View to Delisting NHOA,(marketscreener.com) Regulatory News:TCC Group Holdings Co.  Ltd  the indirect majority shareholder of NHOA  announces its intention to file a simplified tender offer for the NHOA shares at a price of EUR 1.10 per share and  if the legal conditions are me…,Regulatory News:TCC Group Holdings Co.  Ltd  the indirect majority shareholder of NHOA  announces its intention to file a simplified tender offer for the NHOA shares at a price of EUR 1.10 per share and  if the legal conditions are met at the end of the offer  to request the implementation of a squeeze-out.On June 12  2024  the Board of Directors of TCC Group Holdings Co.  Ltd (”TCC” or the ”Company”; TWSE: 1101) approved the Company’s intention to launch a simplified tender offer targeting the shares of NHOA S.A.  which are listed on the compartment B of the regulated market of Euronext Paris (“NHOA”; EURONEXT PARIS: NHOA.PA)  at a price of EUR 1.10 per NHOA share in cash (the “Tender Offer”)  through its indirect subsidiary Taiwan Cement Europe Holdings B.V. (“TCEH”). If the legal conditions are met  TCC  indirectly through TCEH  would request the implementation of a squeeze-out procedure  which would result in the delisting of NHOA’s shares from the regulated market of Euronext Paris.This proposed Tender Offer is motivated by several factors. NHOA’s development requires significant investments that will be easier to decide on and implement as a non-listed company: effectively  a private ownership would enable NHOA to more efficiently implement long-term strategies without the pressures of the financial markets’ expectations  regulatory costs and sensitivity to share price fluctuations.Furthermore  given the current structure of NHOA’s shareholder base and the low volume of trading  the listing is not particularly beneficial for NHOA. As a reminder  the last c. EUR 250 million rights issue of NHOA completed in September 2023 was in the end almost entirely subscribed by TCC  with most minority shareholders not exercising their preferential subscription rights  resulting in strong share ownership accretion for TCC (from 65.15% to 87.78% of NHOA’s share capital). The subscription price for the new NHOA shares amounted to EUR 1.00 per share (EUR 0.20 of nominal value and EUR 0.80 of issue premium).It is also expected that the delisting of NHOA’s shares from the regulated market of Euronext Paris would also enable the simplification of its legal structure.As of the date hereof  TCC  indirectly through TCEH  holds 244 557 486 NHOA shares  representing c. 88.87% of NHOA’s share capital and theoretical voting rights.The envisaged offer price of EUR 1.10 per NHOA share would reflect a premium of 88% over the last closing share price on June 12  2024  as well as premiums of 88%  71% and 66% respectively compared to the volume-weighted average prices over the 60  120 and 180 trading days preceding that date.The Tender Offer would enable NHOA’s shareholders to benefit from immediate liquidity for their investment.The financing of the Tender Offer would be provided by TCC.This proposed Tender Offer could be filed with the French Autorité des marchés financiers (the “AMF”) as soon as possible and  in any event  by July 31  2024. The completion of the Tender Offer would be subject to the clearance of the AMF (déclaration de conformité) on the Tender Offer  in accordance with French laws and regulations.TCC will keep the market informed about the progress of this project.TCC engaged Crédit Agricole Corporate & Investment Bank as exclusive financial advisor  presenting and guaranteeing bank on the Tender Offer. Sullivan & Cromwell LLP is acting as legal counsel on the transaction.DisclaimerThis press release has been prepared for information purposes only. It does not constitute an offer to purchase or a solicitation to sell NHOA shares in any country  including France. There is no certainty that the simplified tender offer mentioned above will be filed or opened. Under French law  the offer can only be made in accordance with the offer documentation  which must contain the full terms and conditions of the offer. The offer documentation must be submitted to the AMF for review  and the offer may not be opened until the AMF has issued a clearance decision (déclaration de conformité). Any decision relating to the offer must be based exclusively on the information contained in the offer documentation.The dissemination  publication or distribution of this press release may be subject to specific regulations or restrictions in certain countries. The offer will not be addressed to persons subject to such restrictions  either directly or indirectly  and will not be accepted from any country where the offer would be subject to such restrictions. Accordingly  persons in possession of this press release are required to inform themselves about and to comply with any local restrictions that may apply. The Company declines all responsibility for any breach of these restrictions by any person whatsoever.View source version on businesswire.com: https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20240612764669/en/,neutral,0.06,0.94,0.01,negative,0.02,0.27,0.72,True,English,"['TCC Group Holdings Co.', 'Taiwan Cement Corporation', 'Simplified Tender Offer', 'NHOA Shares', 'Intention', 'View', 'indirect subsidiary Taiwan Cement Europe Holdings B.V.', 'French Autorité des marchés financiers', 'last c. EUR 250 million rights issue', 'Crédit Agricole Corporate', 'TCC Group Holdings Co.', 'strong share ownership accretion', 'last closing share price', 'déclaration de conformité', 'indirect majority shareholder', 'theoretical voting rights', 'preferential subscription rights', 'financial markets’ expectations', 'volume-weighted average prices', 'exclusive financial advisor', 'View source version', 'NHOA S.A.', 'most minority shareholders', 'simplified tender offer', 'compartment B', 'The Tender Offer', 'new NHOA shares', 'issue premium', 'French laws', 'private ownership', 'shareholder base', 'subscription price', 'share capital', 'Euronext Paris', 'several factors', 'significant investments', 'long-term strategies', 'regulatory costs', 'price fluctuations', 'current structure', 'low volume', 'nominal value', 'legal structure', 'immediate liquidity', 'Cromwell LLP', 'legal counsel', 'press release', 'full terms', 'The Company', 'offer price', 'offer documentation', 'regulated market', 'legal conditions', 'Regulatory News', 'listed company', '180 trading days', 'information purposes', 'specific regulations', 'local restrictions', '244,557,486 NHOA shares', 'Investment Bank', 'clearance decision', 'NHOA.', 'intention', 'implementation', 'squeeze', 'June', 'Board', 'Directors', 'TWSE', 'cash', 'TCEH', 'procedure', 'delisting', 'development', 'pressures', 'sensitivity', 'reminder', 'September', 'simplification', 'date', 'premiums', 'financing', 'AMF', 'event', 'July', 'completion', 'accordance', 'progress', 'project', 'Sullivan', 'transaction', 'Disclaimer', 'solicitation', 'country', 'France', 'certainty', 'review', 'dissemination', 'publication', 'distribution', 'countries', 'persons', 'possession', 'responsibility', 'breach', 'businesswire', '60, 120']",2024-06-13,2024-06-14,marketscreener.com
42689,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/WOLTERS-KLUWER-N-V-6291/news/Share-Buyback-Transaction-Details-June-6-June-12-2024-46964626/,Share Buyback Transaction Details June 6 – June 12  2024,(marketscreener.com) PRESS RELEASE                                         Share Buyback Transaction Details June 6 – June 12  2024 Alphen aan den Rijn – June 13  2024 - Wolters Kluwer   a global leader in professional information  software...https://www.mark…,PRESS RELEASEShare Buyback Transaction Details June 6 – June 12  2024Alphen aan den Rijn – June 13  2024 - Wolters Kluwer (Euronext: WKL)  a global leader in professional information  software solutions  and services  today reports that it has repurchased 140 680 of its own ordinary shares in the period from June 6 2024  up to and including June 12  2024  for €21.1 million and at an average share price of €149.88.These repurchases are part of the share buyback program announced on February 21  2024  under which we intend to repurchase shares for €1 billion during 2024.The cumulative amounts repurchased in the year to date under this program are as follows:Share Buyback 2024Period Cumulative shares repurchased in period Total consideration(€ million) Average share price(€) 2024 to date 3 336 766 478.0 143.24For the period starting May 2  2024  up to and including December 27  2024  we have engaged third parties to execute approximately €647 million of buybacks on our behalf  within the limits of relevant laws and regulations (in particular Regulation (EU) 596/2014) and the company’s Articles of Association.Shares repurchased are added to and held as treasury shares and will be used for capital reduction purposes through share cancelation.Further information is available on our website:Download the share buyback transactions excel sheet for detailed individual transaction information.for detailed individual transaction information. Weekly reports on the progress of our share repurchases .. Overview of share buyback programs .For more information about Wolters Kluwer  please visit: www.wolterskluwer.com.###About Wolters KluwerWolters Kluwer (EURONEXT: WKL) is a global leader in information  software solutions and services for professionals in healthcare; tax and accounting; financial and corporate compliance; legal and regulatory; corporate performance and ESG. We help our customers make critical decisions every day by providing expert solutions that combine deep domain knowledge with technology and services.Wolters Kluwer reported 2023 annual revenues of €5.6 billion. The group serves customers in over 180 countries  maintains operations in over 40 countries  and employs approximately 21 400 people worldwide. The company is headquartered in Alphen aan den Rijn  the Netherlands.Wolters Kluwer shares are listed on Euronext Amsterdam (WKL) and are included in the AEX  Euro Stoxx 50 and Euronext 100 indices. Wolters Kluwer has a sponsored Level 1 American Depositary Receipt (ADR) program. The ADRs are traded on the over-the-counter market in the U.S. (WTKWY).For more information  visit www.wolterskluwer.com  follow us on LinkedIn  Facebook  YouTube and Instagram.Media Investors/Analysts Dave Guarino Meg Geldens Global Communications Investor Relations t + 1 646 954 8215 ir@wolterskluwer.com press@wolterskluwer.comForward-looking Statements and Other Important Legal InformationThis report contains forward-looking statements. These statements may be identified by words such as “expect”  “should”  “could”  “shall” and similar expressions. Wolters Kluwer cautions that such forward-looking statements are qualified by certain risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results and events to differ materially from what is contemplated by the forward-looking statements. Factors which could cause actual results to differ from these forward-looking statements may include  without limitation  general economic conditions; conditions in the markets in which Wolters Kluwer is engaged; conditions created by pandemics; behavior of customers  suppliers  and competitors; technological developments; the implementation and execution of new ICT systems or outsourcing; and legal  tax  and regulatory rules affecting Wolters Kluwer’s businesses  as well as risks related to mergers  acquisitions  and divestments. In addition  financial risks such as currency movements  interest rate fluctuations  liquidity  and credit risks could influence future results. The foregoing list of factors should not be construed as exhaustive. Wolters Kluwer disclaims any intention or obligation to publicly update or revise any forward-looking statements  whether as a result of new information  future events or otherwise.Elements of this press release contain or may contain inside information about Wolters Kluwer within the meaning of Article 7(1) of the Market Abuse Regulation (596/2014/EU). Trademarks referenced are owned by Wolters Kluwer N.V. and its subsidiaries and may be registered in various countries.Attachment,neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,mixed,0.17,0.37,0.46,True,English,"['Share Buyback Transaction Details', 'June', 'Media Investors/Analysts Dave Guarino Meg Geldens', 'share buyback transactions excel sheet', 'Alphen aan den Rijn', 'Level 1 American Depositary Receipt', 'Global Communications Investor Relations', 'Share Buyback Transaction Details', 'detailed individual transaction information', 'Other Important Legal Information', 'Wolters Kluwer N.V.', 'share buyback programs', 'average share price', 'capital reduction purposes', 'deep domain knowledge', 'interest rate fluctuations', 'new ICT systems', 'general economic conditions', 'Market Abuse Regulation', 'Wolters Kluwer shares', 'Period Cumulative shares', 'share cancelation', 'new information', 'global leader', 'cumulative amounts', 'share repurchases', 'counter market', 'professional information', 'Further information', 'inside information', 'PRESS RELEASE', 'software solutions', 'ordinary shares', 'Total consideration', 'third parties', 'relevant laws', 'treasury shares', 'Weekly reports', 'corporate compliance', 'corporate performance', 'critical decisions', 'expert solutions', '2023 annual revenues', 'Euro Stoxx 50', 'ADR) program', 'U.S.', 'similar expressions', 'actual results', 'technological developments', 'currency movements', 'future results', 'foregoing list', 'Forward-looking Statements', 'Euronext Amsterdam', 'Euronext 100 indices', 'regulatory rules', 'credit risks', 'future events', 'various countries', 'financial risks', '180 countries', '40 countries', 'June', 'WKL', 'services', 'February', 'year', 'date', 'May', 'December', 'buybacks', 'behalf', 'limits', 'regulations', 'company', 'Articles', 'Association', 'website', 'progress', 'Overview', 'wolterskluwer', 'professionals', 'healthcare', 'tax', 'accounting', 'ESG', 'customers', 'technology', 'group', 'operations', '21,400 people', 'Netherlands', 'AEX', 'ADRs', 'WTKWY', 'LinkedIn', 'Facebook', 'YouTube', 'Instagram', 'words', 'uncertainties', 'Factors', 'limitation', 'markets', 'pandemics', 'behavior', 'suppliers', 'competitors', 'implementation', 'execution', 'outsourcing', 'businesses', 'mergers', 'acquisitions', 'divestments', 'addition', 'liquidity', 'intention', 'obligation', 'Elements', 'meaning', 'Trademarks', 'subsidiaries', 'Attachment']",2024-06-13,2024-06-14,marketscreener.com
42690,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.etfdailynews.com/2024/06/13/financial-review-orion-office-reit-nyseonl-and-klepierre-otcmktsklpef/,Financial Review: Orion Office REIT (NYSE:ONL) and Klépierre (OTCMKTS:KLPEF),Orion Office REIT (NYSE:ONL – Get Free Report) and Klépierre (OTCMKTS:KLPEF – Get Free Report) are both finance companies  but which is the superior stock? We will contrast the two companies based on the strength of their risk  profitability  earnings  divide…,Orion Office REIT (NYSE:ONL – Get Free Report) and Klépierre (OTCMKTS:KLPEF – Get Free Report) are both finance companies  but which is the superior stock? We will contrast the two companies based on the strength of their risk  profitability  earnings  dividends  valuation  analyst recommendations and institutional ownership.Earnings and ValuationThis table compares Orion Office REIT and Klépierre’s top-line revenue  earnings per share and valuation.Get Orion Office REIT alerts:Gross Revenue Price/Sales Ratio Net Income Earnings Per Share Price/Earnings Ratio Orion Office REIT $195.04 million 0.98 -$57.30 million ($1.33) -2.58 Klépierre $1.62 billion N/A $208.54 million N/A N/AKlépierre has higher revenue and earnings than Orion Office REIT.Institutional and Insider OwnershipProfitability80.0% of Orion Office REIT shares are owned by institutional investors. 0.4% of Orion Office REIT shares are owned by insiders. Strong institutional ownership is an indication that hedge funds  endowments and large money managers believe a stock will outperform the market over the long term.This table compares Orion Office REIT and Klépierre’s net margins  return on equity and return on assets.Net Margins Return on Equity Return on Assets Orion Office REIT -38.87% -8.32% -5.11% Klépierre N/A N/A N/AAnalyst RatingsThis is a breakdown of recent recommendations and price targets for Orion Office REIT and Klépierre  as reported by MarketBeat.Sell Ratings Hold Ratings Buy Ratings Strong Buy Ratings Rating Score Orion Office REIT 0 1 0 0 2.00 Klépierre 1 2 0 0 1.67Risk & VolatilityOrion Office REIT has a beta of 0.98  suggesting that its share price is 2% less volatile than the S&P 500. Comparatively  Klépierre has a beta of 1.49  suggesting that its share price is 49% more volatile than the S&P 500.SummaryKlépierre beats Orion Office REIT on 6 of the 9 factors compared between the two stocks.About Orion Office REIT(Get Free Report)Orion Office REIT specializes in the ownership  acquisition and management of a diversified portfolio of mission-critical and corporate headquarters office buildings in high-quality suburban markets across the U.S. The portfolio is leased primarily on a single-tenant net lease basis to creditworthy tenants. The company's team of experienced industry leaders employs a proven  cycle-tested investment evaluation framework which serves as the lens through which capital allocation decisions are made for the current portfolio and future acquisitions.About Klépierre(Get Free Report)Klépierre SA is the European leader in shopping malls  combining property development and asset management skills. The Company's portfolio is valued at 19.3 billion at December 31  2023  and comprises large shopping centers in more than 10 countries in Continental Europe which together host hundreds of millions of visitors per year. Klépierre SA holds a controlling stake in Steen & Strøm (56.1%)  Scandinavia's number one shopping center owner and manager. Klépierre SA is a French REIT (SIIC) listed on Euronext Paris and is included in the CAC Next 20 and EPRA Euro Zone Indexes. It is also included in ethical indexes  such as Euronext CAC 40 ESG  Euronext CAC SBT 1.5  MSCI Europe ESG Leaders  FTSE4Good  Euronext Vigeo Europe 120  and features in CDP's A-list. These distinctions underscore the Group's commitment to a proactive sustainable development policy and its global leadership in the fight against climate change.Receive News & Ratings for Orion Office REIT Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Orion Office REIT and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.,neutral,0.01,0.98,0.01,neutral,0.07,0.91,0.02,True,English,"['Orion Office REIT', 'Financial Review', 'Klépierre', 'NYSE', 'ONL', 'OTCMKTS', 'KLPEF', 'proven, cycle-tested investment evaluation framework', 'number one shopping center owner', 'Sales Ratio Net Income Earnings', 'Strong Buy Ratings Rating Score', 'Get Orion Office REIT alerts', 'Earnings Ratio Orion Office REIT', 'single-tenant net lease basis', 'corporate headquarters office buildings', 'EPRA Euro Zone Indexes', 'proactive sustainable development policy', 'Orion Office REIT shares', 'MSCI Europe ESG Leaders', 'FREE daily email newsletter', 'Assets Orion Office REIT', 'Get Free Report', 'experienced industry leaders', 'Ratings Buy Ratings', 'large shopping centers', 'large money managers', 'high-quality suburban markets', 'capital allocation decisions', 'Euronext CAC 40 ESG', 'Euronext Vigeo Europe', 'concise daily summary', 'Euronext CAC SBT', 'A Analyst Ratings', 'Strong institutional ownership', 'Net Margins Return', 'asset management skills', 'A Klépierre', 'Klépierre N/A', 'Klépierre SA', 'Gross Revenue Price', 'shopping malls', 'French REIT', 'property development', 'Continental Europe', 'ethical indexes', 'email address', 'Euronext Paris', 'Sell Ratings', ""analysts' ratings"", 'CAC Next', 'analyst recommendations', 'top-line revenue', 'higher revenue', 'price targets', 'OTCMKTS:KLPEF', 'finance companies', 'two companies', 'Insider Ownership', 'institutional investors', 'hedge funds', 'long term', 'recent recommendations', 'S&P 500', 'two stocks', 'U.S.', 'creditworthy tenants', 'future acquisitions', 'European leader', 'controlling stake', 'Strøm', 'global leadership', 'climate change', 'related companies', 'Share Price', 'superior stock', 'Equity Return', 'diversified portfolio', 'current portfolio', 'The Company', 'latest news', 'MarketBeat.com', 'NYSE', 'ONL', 'strength', 'risk', 'profitability', 'dividends', 'table', 'insiders', 'indication', 'endowments', 'breakdown', 'Volatility', 'beta', '9 factors', 'mission-critical', 'team', 'lens', 'December', '10 countries', 'hundreds', 'millions', 'visitors', 'year', 'Steen', 'Scandinavia', 'SIIC', 'FTSE4Good', 'features', 'CDP', 'A-list', 'distinctions', 'Group', 'commitment', 'fight']",2024-06-13,2024-06-14,etfdailynews.com
42691,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.investing.com/news/press-releases/tcc-group-holdings-co-ltd-fka-taiwan-cement-corporation-announces-its-intention-to-file-a-simplified-tender-offer-for-the-nhoa-shares-with-a-view-to-delisting-nhoa-93CH-3482486,TCC Group Holdings Co.  Ltd (f/k/a Taiwan Cement Corporation) Announces Its Intention to File a Simplified Tender Offer for the NHOA Shares  With a View to Delisting NHOA,TCC Group Holdings Co.  Ltd (f/k/a Taiwan Cement Corporation) Announces Its Intention to File a Simplified Tender Offer for the NHOA Shares  With a View to Delisting NHOA,TAIPEI  Taiwan--(BUSINESS WIRE)--Regulatory News:TCC Group Holdings Co.  Ltd  the indirect majority shareholder of NHOA  announces its intention to file a simplified tender offer for the NHOA shares at a price of EUR 1.10 per share and  if the legal conditions are met at the end of the offer  to request the implementation of a squeeze-out.On June 12  2024  the Board of Directors of TCC Group Holdings Co.  Ltd (TCC or the Company; TWSE: 1101) approved the Company's intention to launch a simplified tender offer targeting the shares of NHOA S.A.  which are listed on the compartment B of the regulated market of Euronext Paris (NHOA; EURONEXT PARIS: NHOA.PA)  at a price of EUR 1.10 per NHOA share in cash (the Tender Offer)  through its indirect subsidiary Taiwan Cement Europe Holdings B.V. (TCEH). If the legal conditions are met  TCC  indirectly through TCEH  would request the implementation of a squeeze-out procedure  which would result in the delisting of NHOA's shares from the regulated market of Euronext Paris.This proposed Tender Offer is motivated by several factors. NHOA's development requires significant investments that will be easier to decide on and implement as a non-listed company: effectively  a private ownership would enable NHOA to more efficiently implement long-term strategies without the pressures of the financial markets' expectations  regulatory costs and sensitivity to share price fluctuations.Furthermore  given the current structure of NHOA's shareholder base and the low volume of trading  the listing is not particularly beneficial for NHOA. As a reminder  the last c. EUR 250 million rights issue of NHOA completed in September 2023 was in the end almost entirely subscribed by TCC  with most minority shareholders not exercising their preferential subscription rights  resulting in strong share ownership accretion for TCC (from 65.15% to 87.78% of NHOA's share capital). The subscription price for the new NHOA shares amounted to EUR 1.00 per share (EUR 0.20 of nominal value and EUR 0.80 of issue premium).It is also expected that the delisting of NHOA's shares from the regulated market of Euronext Paris would also enable the simplification of its legal structure.As of the date hereof  TCC  indirectly through TCEH  holds 244 557 486 NHOA shares  representing c. 88.87% of NHOA's share capital and theoretical voting rights.The envisaged offer price of EUR 1.10 per NHOA share would reflect a premium of 88% over the last closing share price on June 12  2024  as well as premiums of 88%  71% and 66% respectively compared to the volume-weighted average prices over the 60  120 and 180 trading days preceding that date.The Tender Offer would enable NHOA's shareholders to benefit from immediate liquidity for their investment.The financing of the Tender Offer would be provided by TCC.This proposed Tender Offer could be filed with the French AutoritÃ© des marchÃ©s financiers (the AMF) as soon as possible and  in any event  by July 31  2024. The completion of the Tender Offer would be subject to the clearance of the AMF (dÃ©claration de conformitÃ©) on the Tender Offer  in accordance with French laws and regulations.TCC will keep the market informed about the progress of this project.TCC engaged CrÃ©dit Agricole Corporate & Investment Bank as exclusive financial advisor  presenting and guaranteeing bank on the Tender Offer. Sullivan & Cromwell LLP is acting as legal counsel on the transaction.DisclaimerThis press release has been prepared for information purposes only. It does not constitute an offer to purchase or a solicitation to sell NHOA shares in any country  including France. There is no certainty that the simplified tender offer mentioned above will be filed or opened. Under French law  the offer can only be made in accordance with the offer documentation  which must contain the full terms and conditions of the offer. The offer documentation must be submitted to the AMF for review  and the offer may not be opened until the AMF has issued a clearance decision (dÃ©claration de conformitÃ©). Any decision relating to the offer must be based exclusively on the information contained in the offer documentation.The dissemination  publication or distribution of this press release may be subject to specific regulations or restrictions in certain countries. The offer will not be addressed to persons subject to such restrictions  either directly or indirectly  and will not be accepted from any country where the offer would be subject to such restrictions. Accordingly  persons in possession of this press release are required to inform themselves about and to comply with any local restrictions that may apply. The Company declines all responsibility for any breach of these restrictions by any person whatsoever.View source version on businesswire.com: https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20240612764669/en/Press Office: Claudia Caracausi and Davide Bruzzese  Image Building  +39 02 89011300  nhoa@imagebuilding.itFinancial Communication and Institutional Relations: Chiara Cerri  +39 337 1484534  ir@nhoagroup.comSource: NHOA,neutral,0.06,0.94,0.01,negative,0.02,0.24,0.74,True,English,"['TCC Group Holdings Co.', 'Taiwan Cement Corporation', 'Simplified Tender Offer', 'NHOA Shares', 'Intention', 'View', 'Taiwan Cement Europe Holdings B.V.', 'last c. EUR 250 million rights issue', 'CrÃ©dit Agricole Corporate', 'TCC Group Holdings Co.', 'strong share ownership accretion', 'last closing share price', 'theoretical voting rights', 'preferential subscription rights', 'volume-weighted average prices', 'marchÃ©s financiers', ""financial markets' expectations"", 'exclusive financial advisor', 'French AutoritÃ© des', 'indirect majority shareholder', 'most minority shareholders', 'dÃ©claration de', 'NHOA S.A.', 'simplified tender offer', 'The Tender Offer', 'new NHOA shares', 'compartment B', 'issue premium', 'private ownership', 'Financial Communication', 'indirect subsidiary', 'shareholder base', 'subscription price', 'French laws', 'share capital', 'Regulatory News', 'Euronext Paris', 'several factors', 'significant investments', 'long-term strategies', 'regulatory costs', 'price fluctuations', 'current structure', 'low volume', 'nominal value', 'legal structure', 'immediate liquidity', 'Cromwell LLP', 'legal counsel', 'press release', 'full terms', 'The Company', 'source version', 'Press Office', 'Claudia Caracausi', 'Davide Bruzzese', 'Image Building', 'Institutional Relations', 'Chiara Cerri', 'offer price', 'offer documentation', 'regulated market', 'legal conditions', 'listed company', '180 trading days', 'information purposes', 'specific regulations', 'local restrictions', '244,557,486 NHOA shares', 'Investment Bank', 'clearance decision', 'NHOA.', 'TAIPEI', 'intention', 'implementation', 'squeeze', 'June', 'Board', 'Directors', 'TWSE', 'cash', 'TCEH', 'procedure', 'delisting', 'development', 'pressures', 'sensitivity', 'reminder', 'September', 'simplification', 'date', 'premiums', 'financing', 'AMF', 'event', 'July', 'completion', 'conformitÃ©', 'accordance', 'progress', 'project', 'Sullivan', 'transaction', 'Disclaimer', 'solicitation', 'country', 'France', 'certainty', 'review', 'dissemination', 'publication', 'distribution', 'countries', 'persons', 'possession', 'responsibility', 'breach', 'businesswire', 'imagebuilding', '60, 120']",2024-06-13,2024-06-14,investing.com
42692,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/GEVELOT-S-A-9293384/news/GEVELOT-S-A-CGM-2024-PRESS-RELEASE-IMPLEMENTATION-OF-A-SHARES-BUY-BACK-PROGRAM-46969426/,GEVELOT S.A.: CGM 2024 PRESS RELEASE IMPLEMENTATION OF A SHARES BUY BACK PROGRAM,(marketscreener.com) GEVELOT S.A.GEVELOT S.A.: CGM 2024 PRESS RELEASE IMPLEMENTATION OF A SHARES BUY BACK PROGRAM 13-Jun-2024 / 19:22 CET/CESTDissemination of a French Regulatory News  transmitted by EQS Group.The issuer is solely responsible fo…,GEVELOT S.A.GEVELOT S.A.: CGM 2024 PRESS RELEASE IMPLEMENTATION OF A SHARES BUY BACK PROGRAM13-Jun-2024 / 19:22 CET/CESTDissemination of a French Regulatory News  transmitted by EQS Group.The issuer is solely responsible for the content of this announcement.IMPLEMENTATION OF A SHARES BUYBACK PROGRAM In accordance with the Seventh Resolution adopted by the Combined General Meeting on June 13  2024  the Board of Directors of GEVELOT SA decided  at its meeting held on June 13  2024  immediately following the Combined General Meeting  to implement a share buyback program limited to 10% of the capital (equivalent to 75 207 shares) with a maximum financial cost of €18 000K: Objective: Repurchase of shares for the purpose of cancellation  in one or more transactions  as decided by the Board of Directors in accordance with the Ninth Extraordinary Resolution adopted by the Combined General Meeting on June 13  2024 Validity of the buyback program: Until December 13  2025. Euronext - Amf - www.gevelot-sa.fr (13 June 2024) GEVELOT Limited company capitalised at 26 322 590 euros Head office : 6  boulevard Bineau 92300 LEVALLOIS-PERRET  France 562 088 542 R.C.S. NANTERRE Regulatory filing PDF fileFile: GEVELOT CGM 13 JUNE 2024 PRESS RELEASE implementation shares buy back program,neutral,0.04,0.95,0.01,neutral,0.03,0.96,0.02,True,English,"['CGM 2024 PRESS RELEASE IMPLEMENTATION', 'SHARES BUY BACK PROGRAM', 'GEVELOT S.A.', 'R.C.S. NANTERRE Regulatory filing', 'JUNE 2024 PRESS RELEASE implementation shares', 'CGM 2024 PRESS RELEASE IMPLEMENTATION', 'SHARES BUY BACK PROGRAM', 'French Regulatory News', 'GEVELOT S.A.', 'maximum financial cost', 'PDF file File', 'Combined General Meeting', 'Ninth Extraordinary Resolution', 'GEVELOT Limited company', 'share buyback program', 'SHARES BUYBACK PROGRAM', 'GEVELOT CGM', 'Seventh Resolution', 'GEVELOT SA', 'EQS Group', 'Head office', 'boulevard Bineau', '75,207 shares', 'CEST', 'Dissemination', 'issuer', 'content', 'announcement', 'accordance', 'Board', 'Directors', 'capital', 'Objective', 'Repurchase', 'purpose', 'cancellation', 'one', 'transactions', 'Validity', 'December', 'Amf', '26 322 590 euros', 'LEVALLOIS-PERRET', 'France']",2024-06-13,2024-06-14,marketscreener.com
42693,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.investing.com/news/press-releases/azelis-included-in-euronexts-bel20-index-93CH-3482416,Azelis Included in Euronext's BEL20 Index By Investing.com,Azelis Included in Euronext's BEL20 Index,ANTWERP  Belgium--(BUSINESS WIRE)--Regulatory News:Azelis (Brussels:AZE)  a leading innovation service provider in the specialty chemicals and food ingredients industry  is proud to announce that it has been included in the BEL20 index  the benchmark stock market index of Euronext Brussels  consisting of the 20 largest traded companies in Belgium. This inclusion  effective June 24th  is a testament to Azelis' strong positioning  performance  and commitment to providing value to all stakeholders.The BEL20 tracks the performance of 20 companies in Belgium with the largest free-float market capitalization  and the composition of the index is reviewed annually. As one of Euronext's blue-chip indices  the BEL20 serves as an underlying benchmark for structured products  funds  exchange traded funds  options and futures.Anna Bertona  Azelis Group CEO  comments:We are pleased to be included in the BEL20 index just a few short years after our IPO. This inclusion is a significant milestone for Azelis and is a clear signal of our growth and progress as one of 20 indicators for the Belgian stock market. This recognition also demonstrates to our customers  principals  and shareholders that Azelis is committed to furthering our commercial and operational performance by providing sustainable and innovative formulations. As a company proudly headquartered in Belgium  we're honored to increase the visibility of Azelis in our home market and play an important role in the Belgian economy.- END -About AzelisAzelis is a leading global innovation service provider in the specialty chemical and food ingredients industry  present in 63 countries across the globe with over 4 200 employees. Our knowledgeable teams of industry  market and technical experts are each dedicated to a specific market within Life Sciences and Industrial Chemicals. We offer a lateral value chain of complementary products to more than 63 000 customers  supported by +2 800 principal relationships  creating a turnover of €4.2 billion (2023). Azelis Group NV is listed on Euronext Brussels under ticker AZE.Across our extensive network of more than 70 application laboratories  our award-winning staff help develop formulations and provide technical guidance throughout the customers' product development process. We combine a global market reach with a local footprint to offer a reliable  integrated  and unique digital service to local customers and attractive -business opportunities to principals. Top industry-rated by Sustainalytics  Azelis is a leader in sustainability. We believe in building and nurturing solid  honest and transparent relationships with our people and partners.Impact through ideas. Innovation through formulation.www.azelis.comView source version on businesswire.com: https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20240612010927/en/Contact informationAzelisMeredith (NYSE: ) WoodSenior Corporate Communications Business PartnerT: +32 (0)485 29 36 65E: meredith.wood@azelis.comSource: Azelis,neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,positive,0.8,0.19,0.01,True,English,"['BEL20 Index', 'Investing.com', 'Azelis', 'Euronext', 'Wood Senior Corporate Communications Business Partner T', 'leading global innovation service provider', 'leading innovation service provider', 'largest free-float market capitalization', ""customers' product development process"", 'Contact information Azelis Meredith', 'benchmark stock market index', 'unique digital service', 'global market reach', 'attractive -business opportunities', 'Belgian stock market', 'food ingredients industry', '20 largest traded companies', 'lateral value chain', 'Azelis Group CEO', 'Azelis Group NV', 'BUSINESS WIRE', 'underlying benchmark', 'home market', 'specific market', 'Belgian economy', 'specialty chemicals', 'BEL20 index', 'strong positioning', 'blue-chip indices', 'traded funds', 'Anna Bertona', 'significant milestone', 'clear signal', 'important role', 'knowledgeable teams', 'technical experts', 'Life Sciences', 'Industrial Chemicals', '+2,800 principal relationships', 'extensive network', '70 application laboratories', 'award-winning staff', 'technical guidance', 'local footprint', 'local customers', 'solid, honest', 'transparent relationships', 'The BEL20', 'Regulatory News', 'innovative formulations', 'complementary products', 'source version', 'Euronext Brussels', 'operational performance', '20 companies', '63,000 customers', 'ANTWERP', 'Belgium', 'inclusion', 'testament', 'commitment', 'stakeholders', 'composition', 'options', 'futures', 'comments', 'IPO', 'growth', 'progress', '20 indicators', 'recognition', 'principals', 'shareholders', 'commercial', 'sustainable', 'company', 'visibility', 'END', '63 countries', 'globe', '4,200 employees', 'turnover', 'ticker', 'Sustainalytics', 'leader', 'sustainability', 'people', 'partners', 'Impact', 'ideas', 'businesswire', 'NYSE']",2024-06-13,2024-06-14,investing.com
42694,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/ALTEA-GREEN-POWER-S-P-A-132703018/news/DXOR-Investments-initiates-sale-of-ordinary-shares-in-Altea-Green-Power-46969093/,DXOR Investments initiates sale of ordinary shares in Altea Green Power,(marketscreener.com) Dxor Investments Srl  a company wholly owned by Giovanni Di Pascale  announced Thursday that it has initiated the sale of up to 750 000 ordinary shares of Altea Green Power Spa  held directly by the company. The shares for sale amount to …,(Alliance News) - Dxor Investments Srl  a company wholly owned by Giovanni Di Pascale  announced Thursday that it has initiated the sale of up to 750 000 ordinary shares of Altea Green Power Spa  held directly by the company.The shares for sale amount to 4.33 percent of the company's current share capital and will be placed through an accelerated bookbuilding procedure reserved for qualified investors in Italy and institutional investors abroad.As stated in the circulated note  assuming full placement of the shares  at the end of the bookbuilding procedure  the participation of Dxor Investments  which confirms its intention to support Altea Green Power's growth project in the long term  will hold 58.77 percent of the share capital and the free float will exceed the threshold of 35 percent of the share capital  thus integrating one of the requirements for access to Euronext STAR Milan organized and managed by Borsa Italiana Spa.Altea Green Power on Thursday closed 3.7 percent in the red at EUR7.37 per share.By Claudia Cavaliere  Alliance News reporterComments and questions to redazione@alliancenews.comCopyright 2024 Alliance News IS Italian Service Ltd. All rights reserved.,neutral,0.02,0.97,0.0,neutral,0.07,0.9,0.03,True,English,"['Altea Green Power', 'DXOR Investments', 'ordinary shares', 'sale', 'Copyright 2024 Alliance News IS Italian Service Ltd', 'up to 750,000 ordinary shares', 'Altea Green Power Spa', 'Alliance News reporter', 'Borsa Italiana Spa', 'Giovanni Di Pascale', 'Euronext STAR Milan', 'Dxor Investments Srl', 'accelerated bookbuilding procedure', 'current share capital', 'qualified investors', 'institutional investors', 'full placement', 'growth project', 'long term', 'free float', 'Claudia Cavaliere', 'company', 'sale', '4.33 percent', 'Italy', 'note', 'end', 'participation', 'intention', '58.77 percent', 'threshold', '35 percent', 'requirements', 'access', 'Thursday', 'red', 'Comments', 'questions', 'alliancenews', 'rights']",2024-06-13,2024-06-14,marketscreener.com
42695,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.etfdailynews.com/2024/06/13/hibernia-reit-lonhbrn-share-price-crosses-below-fifty-day-moving-average-of-136-90/,Hibernia REIT (LON:HBRN) Share Price Crosses Below Fifty Day Moving Average of $136.90,Hibernia REIT Plc (LON:HBRN – Get Free Report)’s stock price crossed below its 50 day moving average during trading on Wednesday . The stock has a 50 day moving average of GBX 136.90 ($1.74) and traded as low as GBX 136.20 ($1.73). Hibernia REIT shares last t…,Hibernia REIT Plc (LON:HBRN – Get Free Report)’s stock price crossed below its 50 day moving average during trading on Wednesday . The stock has a 50 day moving average of GBX 136.90 ($1.74) and traded as low as GBX 136.20 ($1.73). Hibernia REIT shares last traded at GBX 136.90 ($1.74)  with a volume of 100 shares changing hands.Hibernia REIT Price PerformanceThe business has a fifty day moving average of GBX 136.90 and a 200 day moving average of GBX 136.90. The firm has a market cap of £906.02 million and a P/E ratio of 35.10. The company has a quick ratio of 0.81  a current ratio of 0.81 and a debt-to-equity ratio of 27.34.About Hibernia REIT(Get Free Report)Hibernia REIT plc is an Irish Real Estate Investment Trust (REIT)  listed on Euronext Dublin and the London Stock Exchange. Hibernia owns and develops property and specialises in Dublin city centre offices.Featured StoriesReceive News & Ratings for Hibernia REIT Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Hibernia REIT and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.,neutral,0.01,0.98,0.01,positive,0.55,0.43,0.02,True,English,"['Fifty Day Moving Average', 'Hibernia REIT', 'Share Price', 'LON', 'HBRN', 'Irish Real Estate Investment Trust', 'Dublin city centre offices', 'FREE daily email newsletter', 'fifty day moving average', 'Hibernia REIT Price Performance', '50 day moving average', '200 day moving average', 'concise daily summary', 'Hibernia REIT Daily', 'Hibernia REIT Plc', 'London Stock Exchange', 'Get Free Report', 'Hibernia REIT shares', 'stock price', 'Euronext Dublin', 'email address', 'market cap', 'P/E ratio', 'quick ratio', 'current ratio', 'equity ratio', 'Featured Stories', 'related companies', 'MarketBeat.com', 'latest news', ""analysts' ratings"", '100 shares', 'HBRN', 'trading', 'Wednesday', 'GBX', 'volume', 'hands', 'business', 'firm', 'company', 'debt', 'property']",2024-06-13,2024-06-14,etfdailynews.com
42696,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2024/06/13/2897991/0/en/Soitec-extends-partnership-with-UMC-to-provide-leading-engineered-substrates-for-industry-s-first-3D-IC-solution-for-RF-SOI.html,Soitec extends partnership with UMC to provide leading engineered substrates for industry’s first 3D IC solution for RF-SOI,Soitec extends partnership with UMC to provide leading engineered substrates for industry’s first 3D IC solution for RF-SOI   Soitec and UMC have......,Soitec extends partnership with UMC to provide leading engineered substrates for industry’s first 3D IC solution for RF-SOISoitec and UMC have successfully partnered for over 11 years delivering leading RF-SOI solutions The partnership is now being extended to upcoming 3D IC solutions for 5G and future wireless systems operating in millimetre-wave frequencies and beyondBernin (France)  June 13  2024 — Soitec (Euronext Paris)  a world leader in designing and manufacturing innovative semiconductor materials  today announced the expansion of its partnership with UMC  a leading global semiconductor foundry company  to bring to the market the industry’s first 3D IC solution for Radio Frequency Silicon-on-Insulator (RF-SOI) technology for the 5G era.UMC’s 3D IC solution for RF-SOI technology addresses the challenge of incorporating more RF front-end modules – critical smartphone components that transmit and receive data – into a single device by vertically stacking dies and utilizing wafer-to-wafer bonding technology. It reduces die size by more than 45%  enabling customers to integrate more RF components to address the greater bandwidth requirements of 5G.Soitec RF-SOI substrates play a vital role in providing the mechanical and electrical performance needed to ensure large volume manufacturing of UMC’s solution with no degradation of radio frequency performance.Building on a collaborative relationship that dates back to 2013  Soitec and UMC are proud to highlight their latest partnership in RF-SOI technology  delivering key innovations that drive the performance and efficiency of 5G applications worldwide.“We are very proud of our longstanding partnership with UMC  which now extends to the industry‘s first 3D IC for RF-SOI. The combined experience and expertise of UMC and Soitec places us in a strong position to drive innovation to meet the future challenges of energy- and volume-efficient RF Front Ends. By extending the domain of RF-SOI solutions to 3D integration  future smartphones will accommodate new frequency bands envisioned for the 5G-Advance and 6G era  while making room for new features to come. At the same time  future XR and other IoT devices will benefit from compact RF Front-Ends  delivering enhanced data rates while ensuring energy consumption efficiency ” said Jean-Marc Le Meil  Executive Vice President of the Mobile Communications Division of Soitec.“Soitec has been a key partner for UMC in driving advances in wireless communications over the years with their state-of-the-art engineered substrates. Leveraging our strong partnership with Soitec  UMC’s innovative 3D IC solution for RF-SOI has generated significant interest from customers as they seek to integrate more RF components in 5G-enabled wireless devices without compromising on form factor or performance. Going forward  we are excited to collaborate further with Soitec to target the 5G mmWave market and beyond ” said Raj Verma  Associate Vice President of Technology Development at UMC.About SoitecSoitec (Euronext - Tech 40 Paris)  a world leader in innovative semiconductor materials  has for more than 30 years developed cutting-edge products that combine technological performance and energy efficiency. From its global headquarters in France  Soitec is expanding internationally with its unique solutions. The company occupies a key position in the semiconductor value chain  serving three strategic markets: mobile communications  automotive and industry  and smart devices. Soitec draws on the talent and diversity of its 2 300 employees  of 50 different nationalities  across its sites in Europe  the United States and Asia. More than 4 100 patents have been registered by Soitec.Soitec  SmartSiC™ and Smart Cut™ are registered trademarks of Soitec.For more information: https://www.soitec.com/en/ContactMedia relations: media@soitec.comInvestors relations:investors@soitec.comAttachment,neutral,0.06,0.94,0.01,positive,0.76,0.22,0.01,True,English,"['first 3D IC solution', 'leading engineered substrates', 'Soitec', 'partnership', 'UMC', 'industry', 'RF-SOI', 'leading global semiconductor foundry company', 'volume-efficient RF Front Ends', 'first 3D IC solution', 'upcoming 3D IC solutions', 'innovative 3D IC solution', 'innovative semiconductor materials', 'leading engineered substrates', 'semiconductor value chain', 'Radio Frequency Silicon', 'greater bandwidth requirements', 'large volume manufacturing', 'Jean-Marc Le Meil', 'Executive Vice President', 'art engineered substrates', 'Associate Vice President', 'three strategic markets', 'RF front-end modules', 'compact RF Front-Ends', 'other IoT devices', 'new frequency bands', 'critical smartphone components', '5G-enabled wireless devices', 'leading RF-SOI solutions', 'enhanced data rates', 'future wireless systems', 'Mobile Communications Division', 'radio frequency performance', 'energy consumption efficiency', 'wafer bonding technology', '5G mmWave market', 'Soitec RF-SOI substrates', 'global headquarters', '3D integration', 'RF components', 'wireless communications', 'unique solutions', 'smart devices', 'new features', 'energy efficiency', 'future challenges', 'future smartphones', 'future XR', 'Technology Development', 'RF-SOI) technology', 'RF-SOI technology', 'millimetre-wave frequencies', 'world leader', 'single device', 'die size', 'vital role', 'collaborative relationship', 'key innovations', 'combined experience', 'strong position', '6G era', 'same time', 'key partner', 'significant interest', 'form factor', 'Raj Verma', 'cutting-edge products', 'key position', '50 different nationalities', 'United States', 'Smart Cut™', 'Media relations', 'Investors relations', '5G era', 'electrical performance', '5G applications', 'technological performance', 'latest partnership', 'longstanding partnership', 'strong partnership', 'Euronext Paris', 'UMC', 'industry', '11 years', 'Bernin', 'France', 'June', 'expansion', 'Insulator', 'dies', 'customers', 'mechanical', 'degradation', 'expertise', 'domain', '5G-Advance', 'room', 'driving', 'advances', '30 years', 'automotive', 'talent', 'diversity', '2,300 employees', 'sites', 'Europe', 'Asia', 'More', '4,100 patents', 'SmartSiC™', 'trademarks', 'information', 'Contact', 'Attachment']",2024-06-13,2024-06-14,globenewswire.com
42697,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.investing.com/news/press-releases/clariane-information-on-the-availability-of-a-second-amendment-to-the-2023-universal-registration-document-93CH-3482438,Clariane: Information on the Availability of a Second Amendment to the 2023 Universal Registration Document By Investing.com,Clariane: Information on the Availability of a Second Amendment to the 2023 Universal Registration Document,"PARIS--(BUSINESS WIRE)--Regulatory News:Clariane (Paris:CLARI)  Europe's leading community for care in times of vulnerability (the ""Company"")  announces that a second amendment (the ""Second Amendment"") to the 2023 Universal Registration Document (the ""2023 Universal Registration Document"") was filed on 12 June 2024 with the AutoritÃ© des marchÃ©s financiers (the ""AMF"") under number D. 24-0380-A02.The Second Amendment updates a number of items in the 2023 Universal Registration Document as updated by the First Amendment filed on 31 May 2024 with the AMF under number D. 24-0380-A01 (the ""First Amendment""  taken together with the Second Amendment  the ""Amendments"")  including:the information relating to risk factors (including liquidity risk  the Group's financial covenants breach risk and the management of liquidity risk  covenant breach risk and cross default risk)  set out in Chapter 2 ""Risk Factors"" of the 2023 Universal Registration Document as updated by section 3 ""Risk Factors"" of the First Amendment;of the 2023 Universal Registration Document as updated by section 3 of the First Amendment; the information relating to changes in the composition of the Board of Directors and the Committees set out in Chapter 4 "" Corporate Governance "" of the 2023 Universal Registration Document as updated by section 4.2 "" Changes in Governance "" of the First Amendment;"" of the 2023 Universal Registration Document as updated by section 4.2 "" "" of the First Amendment; the information relating to the Company's share capital  financial delegations and authorisations  changes in share ownership and the crossing of legal thresholds  as set out in Chapter 7 ""Information on the Company  share capital and shareholding structure"" of the 2023 Universal Registration Document as updated by Section 6 ""Information on the Company  share capital and shareholders"" of the First Amendment.Upcoming events:5 August 2024 - Sales and results for the 1st half-year 202423 October 2024 - Sales for the 3rd quarter 2024General informationThe 2023 Universal Registration Document and the Amendments (in French and English) are available on Clariane's website (www.clariane.com - Investor Relations) and on the AMF website (www.amf-france.org). Copies of the 2023 Universal Registration Document and the Amendments are also available  free of charge  from the Company's registered office at 21-25  rue Balzac in Paris (8th arrondissement).About ClarianeClariane is Europe's leading community for care in times of need. It is present in six countries: Belgium  France  Germany  Italy  Netherlands and Spain.With their different areas of expertise  the Group's 70 000 professionals work every year to serve almost 900 000 patients and residents in three main areas of activity: nursing homes (Korian  Seniors Residencias  etc.)  healthcare establishments and services (Inicea  Ita  Grupo 5  Lebenswert  etc.) and home and alternative housing (Petits-fils  Les essentiels  Ages et Vie  etc.).In June 2023  Clariane became a company with a mission and included a new purpose in its articles of association  common to all its activities:""To care for the humanity of each person at times of vulnerability"".The Clariane Group is listed on Euronext Paris Section B.Euronext ticker: CLARI.PA - ISIN: FR0010386334View source version on businesswire.com: https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20240612114017/en/Investor contactsStÃ©phane BisseuilInvestor Relations Director+33 (0) 6 58 60 68 69stephane.bisseuil@clariane.comPress contactsMatthieu DesplatsPress Relations Director06 58 09 01 61matthieu.desplats@clariane.comFlorian BacheletHead of press relations06 79 86 78 23florian.bachelet@clariane.comJulie MaryHead of press relations06 59 72 50 69julie.mary@clariane.comSource: Clariane",neutral,0.01,0.98,0.0,neutral,0.04,0.93,0.03,True,English,"['2023 Universal Registration Document', 'Second Amendment', 'Investing.com', 'Clariane', 'Information', 'Availability', 'AutoritÃ© des marchÃ©s financiers', 'financial covenants breach risk', 'The 2023 Universal Registration Document', 'Euronext Paris Section B.', 'covenant breach risk', 'cross default risk', 'three main areas', 'View source version', 'StÃ©phane Bisseuil', 'Investor Relations Director', 'The Second Amendment', 'Press Relations Director', 'The Clariane Group', 'financial delegations', 'Euronext ticker', 'risk factors', 'liquidity risk', 'different areas', 'Investor contacts', 'Press contacts', 'First Amendment', 'BUSINESS WIRE', 'leading community', 'share capital', 'share ownership', 'legal thresholds', 'shareholding structure', 'Upcoming events', '1st half-year', '3rd quarter', 'registered office', 'rue Balzac', 'six countries', 'nursing homes', 'Seniors Residencias', 'healthcare establishments', 'alternative housing', 'Les essentiels', 'new purpose', 'Regulatory News', 'Corporate Governance', 'General information', 'Matthieu Desplats', 'Florian Bachelet', 'Julie Mary', 'AMF website', 'Europe', 'times', 'vulnerability', 'Company', '12 June', 'number', 'items', '31 May', 'D.', 'Amendments', 'management', 'Chapter', 'changes', 'composition', 'Board', 'Directors', 'Committees', 'authorisations', 'crossing', 'shareholders', 'August', 'Sales', 'results', 'October', 'French', 'English', 'france', 'org', 'Copies', 'charge', 'need', 'Belgium', 'Germany', 'Italy', 'Netherlands', 'Spain', 'expertise', '70,000 professionals', '900,000 patients', 'residents', 'activity', 'Korian', 'services', 'Inicea', 'Grupo', 'Lebenswert', 'Petits-fils', 'Ages', 'mission', 'articles', 'association', 'activities', 'humanity', 'person', 'ISIN', 'businesswire', 'stephane', 'Head']",2024-06-13,2024-06-14,investing.com
42698,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/QUADIENT-S-A-4674/news/Quadient-s-New-Parcel-Pending-PLUS-Solution-Brings-More-Efficiency-Insights-and-Convenience-to-Mu-46968654/,Quadient's New Parcel Pending PLUS Solution Brings More Efficiency  Insights and Convenience to Multifamily Property Managers,(marketscreener.com) Quadient’s next generation smart locker solution to be unveiled at the Apartmentalize conference this month Paris Quadient   a leader in helping businesses create meaningful customer connections through digital and physical channels and a…,Quadient’s next generation smart locker solution to be unveiled at the Apartmentalize conference this monthParisQuadient (Euronext Paris: QDT)  a leader in helping businesses create meaningful customer connections through digital and physical channels and a major global parcel locker operator  today announced the launch of its next-generation smart parcel locker solution  Parcel Pending PLUS. Fueled by new  more powerful software  Parcel Pending PLUS meets the evolving needs of the dynamic multifamily industry with new features  including enhanced real-time business intelligence tools for a wider variety of applications; increased operational efficiency; enriched capacities; convenience features for residents and more automation for carriers.With more than 20 800 smart locker placements globally and a leading presence in the multifamily industry in the United States  among other markets  Quadient is committed to continuously investing in innovation that addresses customer needs  securing its place as a global leader in parcel locker solutions. Parcel Pending PLUS is being unveiled for the first time at the National Apartment Association’s annual conference and exposition  Apartmentalize  in the Parcel Pending by Quadient booth No. 741  from June 20 to 21 in Philadelphia.“The innovative technology powering Parcel Pending PLUS not only offers more efficiency  insights and convenience for users  but it also provides for new use cases for our lockers in multifamily and other industries that will drive increased usage of our network ” said Austin Maddox  executive vice president  North American Parcel Locker Solutions  Quadient. “As residents continue to increase their online shopping and expect secure package management  multifamily community managers are turning to Quadient smart lockers to take package management off their hands and deliver premium services to their residents. Parcel Pending PLUS is one of many ways we are delivering more for multifamily property managers  helping them better serve their communities today and in the future.”With Parcel Pending PLUS  residents may receive multiple deliveries from the same carrier in one compartment  maximizing the system’s capacity and increasing convenience for residents. User registration is easy  facilitating user onboarding and adoption  and residents may now move their accounts between properties as needed. Additionally  Parcel Pending PLUS now offers single-use access to lockers for non-residents for additional uses such as placing keys and other materials for self-guided tours  property maintenance or pet sitters. Community managers may create dedicated zones on the locker unit to distribute leases and other documentation and for concierge  gym or pool deliveries.Serving more than 1.8 million multifamily units and 4 million residents  and with 97% resident satisfaction year over year  Quadient’s Parcel Pending smart lockers have become one of the top apartment building amenities in demand by residents. For more information about Parcel Pending PLUS  visit www.parcelpending.com.About QuadientQuadient is the driving force behind the world’s most meaningful customer experiences. By focusing on three key solution areas  Intelligent Communication Automation  Parcel Locker Solutions and Mail-Related Solutions  Quadient helps simplify the connection between people and what matters. Quadient supports hundreds of thousands of customers worldwide in their quest to create relevant  personalized connections and achieve customer experience excellence. Quadient is listed in compartment B of Euronext Paris (QDT) and is part of the CAC® Mid & Small and EnterNext® Tech 40 indices.For more information about Quadient  visit www.quadient.com.ContactsJoe Scolaro  Quadient Sandy Armstrong  Sterling Kilgore Global Press Relations Manager VP of Media & Communications +1 203-301-3673 +1-630-699-8979 j.scolaro@quadient.com sarmstrong@sterlingkilgore.comAttachments,neutral,0.14,0.85,0.01,positive,0.62,0.37,0.01,True,English,"['New Parcel Pending PLUS Solution', 'Multifamily Property Managers', 'More Efficiency', 'Quadient', 'Insights', 'Convenience', 'Sterling Kilgore Global Press Relations Manager', 'next generation smart locker solution', 'major global parcel locker operator', 'next-generation smart parcel locker solution', 'North American Parcel Locker Solutions', 'three key solution areas', 'real-time business intelligence tools', 'top apartment building amenities', 'Parcel Pending smart lockers', '20,800 smart locker placements', 'National Apartment Association', 'innovative technology powering', 'executive vice president', 'relevant, personalized connections', 'EnterNext® Tech 40 indices', 'meaningful customer connections', 'meaningful customer experiences', 'customer experience excellence', 'Parcel Pending PLUS', 'new use cases', 'dynamic multifamily industry', 'secure package management', '1.8 million multifamily units', 'Intelligent Communication Automation', 'Contacts Joe Scolaro', 'multifamily community managers', 'multifamily property managers', 'Quadient smart lockers', 'Quadient booth No.', 'Quadient Sandy Armstrong', 'locker unit', 'global leader', 'Mail-Related Solutions', 'customer needs', 'new features', 'property maintenance', 'Apartmentalize conference', 'physical channels', 'powerful software', 'evolving needs', 'wider variety', 'leading presence', 'United States', 'other markets', 'first time', 'annual conference', 'other industries', 'Austin Maddox', 'online shopping', 'premium services', 'many ways', 'multiple deliveries', 'same carrier', 'one compartment', 'User registration', 'user onboarding', 'single-use access', 'additional uses', 'other materials', 'self-guided tours', 'pet sitters', 'dedicated zones', 'other documentation', 'pool deliveries', '97% resident satisfaction', 'driving force', 'compartment B', 'CAC® Mid', 'Euronext Paris', '4 million residents', 'operational efficiency', 'convenience features', 'QDT', 'businesses', 'digital', 'launch', 'applications', 'capacities', 'carriers', 'innovation', 'exposition', 'June', 'Philadelphia', 'insights', 'users', 'usage', 'network', 'hands', 'communities', 'future', 'system', 'capacity', 'adoption', 'accounts', 'properties', 'non', 'keys', 'leases', 'concierge', 'gym', 'year', 'demand', 'information', 'parcelpending', 'world', 'people', 'hundreds', 'thousands', 'customers', 'quest', 'VP', 'Media', 'Communications', 'sterlingkilgore', 'Attachments']",2024-06-13,2024-06-14,marketscreener.com
42699,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/CLARIANE-SE-37408/news/Clariane-Information-on-the-Availability-of-a-Second-Amendment-to-the-2023-Universal-Registration-D-46963139/,Clariane: Information on the Availability of a Second Amendment to the 2023 Universal Registration Document,(marketscreener.com) Regulatory News:Clariane   Europe's leading community for care in times of vulnerability   announces that a second amendment to the 2023 Universal Registration Document was filed on 12 June 2024 with the Autorité des marchés financier…,"Regulatory News:Clariane (Paris:CLARI)  Europe's leading community for care in times of vulnerability (the ""Company"")  announces that a second amendment (the ""Second Amendment"") to the 2023 Universal Registration Document (the ""2023 Universal Registration Document"") was filed on 12 June 2024 with the Autorité des marchés financiers (the ""AMF"") under number D. 24-0380-A02.The Second Amendment updates a number of items in the 2023 Universal Registration Document as updated by the First Amendment filed on 31 May 2024 with the AMF under number D. 24-0380-A01 (the ""First Amendment""  taken together with the Second Amendment  the ""Amendments"")  including:the information relating to risk factors (including liquidity risk  the Group's financial covenants breach risk and the management of liquidity risk  covenant breach risk and cross default risk)  set out in Chapter 2 ""Risk Factors"" of the 2023 Universal Registration Document as updated by section 3 ""Risk Factors"" of the First Amendment;of the 2023 Universal Registration Document as updated by section 3 of the First Amendment; the information relating to changes in the composition of the Board of Directors and the Committees set out in Chapter 4 "" Corporate Governance "" of the 2023 Universal Registration Document as updated by section 4.2 "" Changes in Governance "" of the First Amendment;"" of the 2023 Universal Registration Document as updated by section 4.2 "" "" of the First Amendment; the information relating to the Company's share capital  financial delegations and authorisations  changes in share ownership and the crossing of legal thresholds  as set out in Chapter 7 ""Information on the Company  share capital and shareholding structure"" of the 2023 Universal Registration Document as updated by Section 6 ""Information on the Company  share capital and shareholders"" of the First Amendment.Upcoming events:5 August 2024 - Sales and results for the 1st half-year 202423 October 2024 - Sales for the 3rd quarter 2024General informationThe 2023 Universal Registration Document and the Amendments (in French and English) are available on Clariane's website (www.clariane.com - Investor Relations) and on the AMF website (www.amf-france.org). Copies of the 2023 Universal Registration Document and the Amendments are also available  free of charge  from the Company's registered office at 21-25  rue Balzac in Paris (8th arrondissement).About ClarianeClariane is Europe's leading community for care in times of need. It is present in six countries: Belgium  France  Germany  Italy  Netherlands and Spain.With their different areas of expertise  the Group's 70 000 professionals work every year to serve almost 900 000 patients and residents in three main areas of activity: nursing homes (Korian  Seniors Residencias  etc.)  healthcare establishments and services (Inicea  Ita  Grupo 5  Lebenswert  etc.) and home and alternative housing (Petits-fils  Les essentiels  Ages et Vie  etc.).In June 2023  Clariane became a company with a mission and included a new purpose in its articles of association  common to all its activities:""To care for the humanity of each person at times of vulnerability"".The Clariane Group is listed on Euronext Paris Section B.Euronext ticker: CLARI.PA - ISIN: FR0010386334View source version on businesswire.com: https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20240612114017/en/",neutral,0.02,0.98,0.01,neutral,0.05,0.92,0.03,True,English,"['2023 Universal Registration Document', 'Second Amendment', 'Clariane', 'Information', 'Availability', 'Autorité des marchés financiers', 'financial covenants breach risk', 'The 2023 Universal Registration Document', 'Euronext Paris Section B.', 'covenant breach risk', 'View source version', 'cross default risk', 'three main areas', 'The Second Amendment', 'The Clariane Group', 'financial delegations', 'Euronext ticker', 'risk factors', 'liquidity risk', 'different areas', 'First Amendment', 'leading community', 'share capital', 'share ownership', 'legal thresholds', 'shareholding structure', 'Upcoming events', '1st half-year', '3rd quarter', 'Investor Relations', 'registered office', 'rue Balzac', 'six countries', 'nursing homes', 'Seniors Residencias', 'healthcare establishments', 'alternative housing', 'Les essentiels', 'new purpose', 'Regulatory News', 'Corporate Governance', 'General information', 'number D.', 'AMF website', 'Europe', 'times', 'vulnerability', 'Company', '12 June', 'items', '31 May', 'Amendments', 'management', 'Chapter', 'changes', 'composition', 'Board', 'Directors', 'Committees', 'authorisations', 'crossing', 'shareholders', 'August', 'Sales', 'results', 'October', 'French', 'English', 'france', 'org', 'Copies', 'charge', 'need', 'Belgium', 'Germany', 'Italy', 'Netherlands', 'Spain', 'expertise', '70,000 professionals', '900,000 patients', 'residents', 'activity', 'Korian', 'services', 'Inicea', 'Grupo', 'Lebenswert', 'Petits-fils', 'Ages', 'mission', 'articles', 'association', 'activities', 'humanity', 'person', 'ISIN', 'businesswire']",2024-06-13,2024-06-14,marketscreener.com
42700,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/SOITEC-4695/news/Soitec-extends-partnership-with-UMC-to-provide-leading-engineered-substrates-for-industry-s-first-46963127/,Soitec extends partnership with UMC to provide leading engineered substrates for industry's first 3D IC solution for RF-SOI,(marketscreener.com) Soitec extends partnership with UMC to provide leading engineered substrates for industry’s first 3D IC solution for RF-SOI Soitec and UMC have successfully partnered for over 11 years delivering leading RF-SOI solutions The partnership i…,Soitec extends partnership with UMC to provide leading engineered substrates for industry’s first 3D IC solution for RF-SOISoitec and UMC have successfully partnered for over 11 years delivering leading RF-SOI solutions The partnership is now being extended to upcoming 3D IC solutions for 5G and future wireless systems operating in millimetre-wave frequencies and beyondBernin (France)  June 13  2024 — Soitec (Euronext Paris)  a world leader in designing and manufacturing innovative semiconductor materials  today announced the expansion of its partnership with UMC  a leading global semiconductor foundry company  to bring to the market the industry’s first 3D IC solution for Radio Frequency Silicon-on-Insulator (RF-SOI) technology for the 5G era.UMC’s 3D IC solution for RF-SOI technology addresses the challenge of incorporating more RF front-end modules – critical smartphone components that transmit and receive data – into a single device by vertically stacking dies and utilizing wafer-to-wafer bonding technology. It reduces die size by more than 45%  enabling customers to integrate more RF components to address the greater bandwidth requirements of 5G.Soitec RF-SOI substrates play a vital role in providing the mechanical and electrical performance needed to ensure large volume manufacturing of UMC’s solution with no degradation of radio frequency performance.Building on a collaborative relationship that dates back to 2013  Soitec and UMC are proud to highlight their latest partnership in RF-SOI technology  delivering key innovations that drive the performance and efficiency of 5G applications worldwide.“We are very proud of our longstanding partnership with UMC  which now extends to the industry‘s first 3D IC for RF-SOI. The combined experience and expertise of UMC and Soitec places us in a strong position to drive innovation to meet the future challenges of energy- and volume-efficient RF Front Ends. By extending the domain of RF-SOI solutions to 3D integration  future smartphones will accommodate new frequency bands envisioned for the 5G-Advance and 6G era  while making room for new features to come. At the same time  future XR and other IoT devices will benefit from compact RF Front-Ends  delivering enhanced data rates while ensuring energy consumption efficiency ” said Jean-Marc Le Meil  Executive Vice President of the Mobile Communications Division of Soitec.“Soitec has been a key partner for UMC in driving advances in wireless communications over the years with their state-of-the-art engineered substrates. Leveraging our strong partnership with Soitec  UMC’s innovative 3D IC solution for RF-SOI has generated significant interest from customers as they seek to integrate more RF components in 5G-enabled wireless devices without compromising on form factor or performance. Going forward  we are excited to collaborate further with Soitec to target the 5G mmWave market and beyond ” said Raj Verma  Associate Vice President of Technology Development at UMC.About SoitecSoitec (Euronext - Tech 40 Paris)  a world leader in innovative semiconductor materials  has for more than 30 years developed cutting-edge products that combine technological performance and energy efficiency. From its global headquarters in France  Soitec is expanding internationally with its unique solutions. The company occupies a key position in the semiconductor value chain  serving three strategic markets: mobile communications  automotive and industry  and smart devices. Soitec draws on the talent and diversity of its 2 300 employees  of 50 different nationalities  across its sites in Europe  the United States and Asia. More than 4 100 patents have been registered by Soitec.Soitec  SmartSiC™ and Smart Cut™ are registered trademarks of Soitec.For more information: https://www.soitec.com/en/ContactMedia relations: media@soitec.comInvestors relations:investors@soitec.comAttachment,neutral,0.03,0.96,0.01,positive,0.76,0.22,0.01,True,English,"['first 3D IC solution', 'leading engineered substrates', 'Soitec', 'partnership', 'UMC', 'industry', 'RF-SOI', 'leading global semiconductor foundry company', 'volume-efficient RF Front Ends', 'first 3D IC solution', 'upcoming 3D IC solutions', 'innovative 3D IC solution', 'innovative semiconductor materials', 'leading engineered substrates', 'semiconductor value chain', 'Radio Frequency Silicon', 'greater bandwidth requirements', 'large volume manufacturing', 'Jean-Marc Le Meil', 'Executive Vice President', 'art engineered substrates', 'Associate Vice President', 'three strategic markets', 'RF front-end modules', 'compact RF Front-Ends', 'other IoT devices', 'new frequency bands', 'critical smartphone components', '5G-enabled wireless devices', 'leading RF-SOI solutions', 'enhanced data rates', 'future wireless systems', 'Mobile Communications Division', 'radio frequency performance', 'energy consumption efficiency', 'wafer bonding technology', '5G mmWave market', 'Soitec RF-SOI substrates', 'global headquarters', '3D integration', 'RF components', 'wireless communications', 'unique solutions', 'smart devices', 'new features', 'energy efficiency', 'future challenges', 'future smartphones', 'future XR', 'Technology Development', 'RF-SOI) technology', 'RF-SOI technology', 'millimetre-wave frequencies', 'world leader', 'single device', 'die size', 'vital role', 'collaborative relationship', 'key innovations', 'combined experience', 'strong position', '6G era', 'same time', 'key partner', 'significant interest', 'form factor', 'Raj Verma', 'cutting-edge products', 'key position', '50 different nationalities', 'United States', 'Smart Cut™', 'Media relations', 'Investors relations', '5G era', 'electrical performance', '5G applications', 'technological performance', 'latest partnership', 'longstanding partnership', 'strong partnership', 'Euronext Paris', 'UMC', 'industry', '11 years', 'Bernin', 'France', 'June', 'expansion', 'Insulator', 'dies', 'customers', 'mechanical', 'degradation', 'expertise', 'domain', '5G-Advance', 'room', 'driving', 'advances', '30 years', 'automotive', 'talent', 'diversity', '2,300 employees', 'sites', 'Europe', 'Asia', 'More', '4,100 patents', 'SmartSiC™', 'trademarks', 'information', 'Contact', 'Attachment']",2024-06-13,2024-06-14,marketscreener.com
42701,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/VIRIDIEN-4653/news/Viridien-makes-sale-of-Sercel-Marlin-vessel-monitoring-and-alert-system-to-ExxonMobil-Guyana-Ltd-46963023/,Viridien makes sale of Sercel Marlin vessel monitoring and alert system to ExxonMobil Guyana Ltd,(marketscreener.com) Paris  France – June 13  2024 Viridien  formerly CGG  announced today that its Sensing & Monitoring business line  marketed under the Sercel brand  has made a sale of its innovative Marlin™ vessel monitoring and alert system to ExxonMobil…,Paris  France – June 13  2024Viridien  formerly CGG  announced today that its Sensing & Monitoring business line  marketed under the Sercel brand  has made a sale of its innovative Marlin™ vessel monitoring and alert system to ExxonMobil Guyana Ltd. to support its offshore operations in Guyana.As part of the wider Sercel Marlin software suite for optimizing offshore operations  the Marlin vessel monitoring and alert system represents a significant advance in offshore operational safety. The sophisticated system is designed to protect floating production storage and offloading platforms (FPSOs) and other high-value assets against a wide range of marine risks  even in the most challenging marine environments. The solution’s real-time monitoring and proactive intelligence capabilities deliver comprehensive insights into vessel movements  operational parameters  and potential risks  enabling operators to make more informed decisions and enhance operational safety.Jerome Denigot  Executive Vice President  Sensing & Monitoring  Viridien  said: “Marking the culmination of our client’s multi-year use of our Sercel software and services to optimize its marine operational projects  this Marlin vessel monitoring and alert system award recognizes the value of our technical solutions and our commitment to delivering excellence and innovation in the offshore sector. Our Marlin software suite offers energy and other offshore operators the right tools to enhance safety  efficiency  and compliance across their operations.”About Viridien (formerly CGG):Viridien (www.viridiengroup.com) is an advanced technology  digital and Earth data company that pushes the boundaries of science for a more prosperous and sustainable future. With our ingenuity  drive and deep curiosity we discover new insights  innovations  and solutions that efficiently and responsibly resolve complex natural resource  digital  energy transition and infrastructure challenges. Viridien employs around 3 500 people worldwide and is listed as VIRI on the Euronext Paris SA (ISIN: 0013181864).ContactsInvestor RelationsJean Baptiste RoussilleTel: + 33 06 14 51 09 88E-Mail: jean-baptiste.roussille@viridiengroup.comAttachment,neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,neutral,0.06,0.92,0.02,True,English,"['Sercel Marlin vessel monitoring', 'ExxonMobil Guyana Ltd', 'alert system', 'Viridien', 'sale', 'wider Sercel Marlin software suite', 'innovative Marlin™ vessel monitoring', 'Marlin vessel monitoring', 'floating production storage', 'other high-value assets', 'proactive intelligence capabilities', 'Executive Vice President', 'Earth data company', 'complex natural resource', 'Monitoring business line', 'ExxonMobil Guyana Ltd.', 'challenging marine environments', 'advanced technology, digital', 'Euronext Paris SA', 'other offshore operators', 'offshore operational safety', 'Sercel software', 'Jean Baptiste Roussille', 'Sercel brand', 'vessel movements', 'real-time monitoring', 'offshore sector', 'operational parameters', 'operational projects', 'offshore operations', 'alert system', 'significant advance', 'sophisticated system', 'offloading platforms', 'wide range', 'marine risks', 'comprehensive insights', 'potential risks', 'informed decisions', 'Jerome Denigot', 'multi-year use', 'right tools', 'sustainable future', 'deep curiosity', 'new insights', 'infrastructure challenges', 'Investor Relations', 'technical solutions', 'energy transition', 'France', 'June', 'Viridien', 'CGG', 'sale', 'part', 'FPSOs', 'Sensing', 'culmination', 'client', 'services', 'commitment', 'excellence', 'innovation', 'efficiency', 'compliance', 'boundaries', 'science', 'prosperous', 'ingenuity', 'drive', '3,500 people', 'ISIN', 'Contacts', 'Attachment', '06']",2024-06-13,2024-06-14,marketscreener.com
42702,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.investing.com/news/company-news/goldman-sachs-cuts-ovh-groupe-shares-target-amid-competitive-risks-93CH-3482533,Goldman Sachs cuts OVH Groupe shares target amid competitive risks By Investing.com,Goldman Sachs cuts OVH Groupe shares target amid competitive risks,On Thursday  Goldman Sachs adjusted its price target for OVH Groupe SAS (OVH:FP) shares  a company listed on the Euronext Paris stock exchange  reducing it to €5.00 from the previous €7.50. Despite acknowledging the company's potential to capitalize on the growing multi-cloud market and increasing data sovereignty concerns  the firm maintains a Sell rating on the stock.The revision reflects Goldman Sachs' view of OVH as a contender in the competitive cloud industry  which includes major players like Microsoft (NASDAQ: ) Azure  AWS  and Google (NASDAQ: ) Cloud Platform.These competitors are noted for their adaptability in meeting European regulatory requirements. The analyst cites a dynamic competitive landscape and risks related to growth reacceleration in Europe as reasons for the lower price target.Goldman Sachs has recalculated the 12-month price target based on a reduced enterprise value to earnings before interest and taxes (EV/EBIT) multiple. The new target suggests a circa 5% downside from current levels. The decision to maintain the Sell rating is influenced by the decreased visibility over the anticipated reacceleration of public and private cloud growth in the European market.The analyst's comments underscore the less attractive valuation of OVH Groupe compared to other companies covered by Goldman Sachs. While OVH's stock presents a downside of approximately 3%  the average upside for the sector is estimated at around 26%. This contrast further justifies the firm's cautious stance on OVH Groupe's shares.This article was generated with the support of AI and reviewed by an editor. For more information see our T&C.,neutral,0.02,0.78,0.21,negative,0.02,0.41,0.57,True,English,"['OVH Groupe shares target', 'Goldman Sachs', 'competitive risks', 'Investing', 'Euronext Paris stock exchange', 'data sovereignty concerns', 'dynamic competitive landscape', 'less attractive valuation', 'competitive cloud industry', 'growing multi-cloud market', 'European regulatory requirements', 'lower price target', '12-month price target', 'private cloud growth', 'OVH Groupe SAS', 'OVH:FP) shares', 'European market', 'Cloud Platform', 'new target', 'Goldman Sachs', 'Sell rating', 'major players', 'growth reacceleration', 'enterprise value', 'current levels', 'other companies', 'average upside', 'cautious stance', 'T&C.', 'Thursday', 'company', 'potential', 'increasing', 'firm', 'revision', 'view', 'contender', 'Microsoft', 'NASDAQ', 'Azure', 'AWS', 'Google', 'competitors', 'adaptability', 'analyst', 'risks', 'reasons', 'reduced', 'earnings', 'interest', 'taxes', 'EV/EBIT', '5% downside', 'decision', 'visibility', 'public', 'comments', 'sector', 'contrast', 'article', 'support', 'AI', 'editor', 'information']",2024-06-13,2024-06-14,investing.com
42703,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/GEVELOT-S-A-9293384/news/GEVELOT-S-A-ANNUAL-GENERAL-MEETING-JUNE-2024-PRESS-RELEASE-46969376/,GEVELOT S.A.: ANNUAL GENERAL MEETING JUNE 2024 PRESS RELEASE,(marketscreener.com) GEVELOT S.A.GEVELOT S.A.: ANNUAL GENERAL MEETING JUNE 2024 PRESS RELEASE 13-Jun-2024 / 19:14 CET/CESTDissemination of a French Regulatory News  transmitted by EQS Group.The issuer is solely responsible for the content of thi…,GEVELOT S.A. Limited company capitalised at 26 322 590 euros Head office: 6  boulevard Bineau 92300 Levallois-Perret  France 562 088 542 R.C.S. NANTERREPRESS RELEASE - 13 JUNE 2024The General Meeting held on June 13  2024  approved the Annual Accounts as well as the Consolidated Accounts for the fiscal year 2023.All the Ordinary and Extraordinary Resolutions proposed by the Board of Directors have been adopted.The consolidated turnover for the fiscal year 2023  mainly consisting of the Pumps sector  with the other sector being the real estate activity of the Holding  amounts to €151.2 million  compared to €135.4 million in 2022  representing an increase of 11.7%. At constant exchange rates  the increase is 15.1% primarily due to fluctuations in North American exchange rates.The fiscal year 2023 has been impacted by consistent global growth  with particularly strong performance in the Energy and Industry sectors.The net profit attributable to Gévelot  the consolidating company  for the fiscal year 2023 amounts to €13.3 million  compared to a profit of €8.0 million in 2022.The parent company Gévelot recorded a profit of €3.5 million in 2023  compared to a loss of €0.6 million in 2022.It has been decided to pay a dividend of €5.00 per share starting from June 21  2024  compared to €4.00 last year.Our Group maintains a strong commercial and industrial development strategy that requires significant financial resources but is expected to generate greater profitability in the medium to long term.Despite an unstable environment over the past several years  our solid financial structure allows us to continue developing our strategy for the coming years.Website Gévelot  Euronext Growth  Amf (Onde),neutral,0.01,0.98,0.0,neutral,0.1,0.86,0.04,True,English,"['ANNUAL GENERAL MEETING JUNE 2024 PRESS RELEASE', 'GEVELOT S.A.', 'GEVELOT S.A. Limited company', 'R.C.S. NANTERRE', 'North American exchange rates', 'constant exchange rates', 'The General Meeting', 'real estate activity', 'significant financial resources', 'solid financial structure', 'consistent global growth', 'past several years', 'industrial development strategy', 'consolidating company', 'parent company', 'coming years', 'Euronext Growth', 'Head office', '6, boulevard Bineau 92300', 'PRESS RELEASE', 'Annual Accounts', 'Consolidated Accounts', 'fiscal year', 'Extraordinary Resolutions', 'consolidated turnover', 'Pumps sector', 'other sector', 'strong performance', 'Industry sectors', 'Gévelot', 'Our Group', 'strong commercial', 'greater profitability', 'long term', 'unstable environment', 'net profit', '322,590 euros', 'Levallois-Perret', 'France', '13 JUNE', 'Board', 'Directors', 'Holding', 'increase', 'fluctuations', 'Energy', 'loss', 'dividend', 'share', 'medium', 'Website', 'Amf', 'Onde', '26']",2024-06-13,2024-06-14,marketscreener.com
42704,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/NHOA-21479583/news/NHOA-News-releases-during-takeover-bids-Takeover-bids-Other-news-releases-46962330/,NHOA : News releases during takeover bids / Takeover bids Other news releases,(marketscreener.com)   PRESS RELEASE   NHOA has been informed of TCC Group Holdings Co.  Ltd's intention to file a simplified tender offer for the NHOA shares  with a view to delisting NHOA   Paris  June 13 2024 - NHOA has been informed of the intenti…,"PRESS RELEASENHOA has been informed of TCC Group Holdings Co.  Ltd's (f/k/a Taiwan Cement Corporation) intention to file a simplified tender offer for the NHOA shares  with a view to delisting NHOAParis  June 13 2024 - NHOA has been informed of the intention of TCC Group Holdings Co.  Ltd  NHOA's indirect majority shareholder  to file a simplified tender offer for the NHOA shares at a price of EUR 1.10 per share and  if the legal conditions are met at the end of the offer  to request the implementation of a squeeze-out.NHOA S.A. (EURONEXT PARIS: NHOA.PA) (""NHOA"" or the ""Company"") has taken note of the intention of TCC Group Holdings Co.  Ltd (""TCC"")  NHOA's indirect majority shareholder through Taiwan Cement Europe Holdings B.V. (""TCEH"")  to file a simplified tender offer for the NHOA shares  at a price of EUR 1.10 per NHOA share (the ""Tender Offer""). The Company also noted TCC's intention to request  indirectly through TCEH  the implementation of a squeeze-out if the legal conditions are met. The squeeze-out would result in the delisting of the Company's shares from the regulated market of Euronext Paris.As of the date hereof  TCC  indirectly through TCEH  holds 244 557 486 NHOA shares  representing c. 88.87% of NHOA's share capital and theoretical voting rights.In accordance with the general regulations of the French Autorité des marchés financiers (the ""AMF"")  the Company's Board of Directors will form soon an ad hoc committee composed of independent directors. The Company's Board of Directors will also  on the recommendation of the ad hoc committee  appoint an independent expert in charge of providing a fairness opinion (attestation d'équité) on the contemplated Tender Offer.Once the proposed Tender Offer is filed with the AMF by TCEH  the Company's Board of Directors will meet in due course  after reviewing the independent expert's report and the recommendation of the ad hoc committee  to issue a reasoned opinion on the contemplated Tender Offer. This reasoned opinion and the independent expert's report will be included in the draft response document to be filed with the AMF.It is reminded that as part of the last c. EUR 250 million rights issue of the Company completed in September 2023  the subscription price for the new NHOA shares amounted to EUR 1.00 per share (EUR 0.20 of nominal value and EUR 0.80 of issue premium).DisclaimerThis press release has been prepared for information purposes only. It does not constitute an offer to purchase or a solicitation to sell NHOA shares in any country  including France. There is no certainty that the simplified tender offer mentioned above will be filed or opened. Under French law  the offer can only be made in accordance with the offer documentation  which must contain the full terms and conditions of the offer. The offer documentation must be submitted to the AMF for review  and the offer may not be opened until the AMF has issued a clearance decision (déclaration de conformité). Any decision relating to the offer must be based exclusively on the information contained in the offer documentation.The dissemination  publication or distribution of this press release may be subject to specific regulations or restrictions in certain countries. The offer will not be addressed to persons subject to such restrictions  either directly or indirectly  and will not be accepted from any country where the offer would be subject to such restrictions. Accordingly  persons in possession of this press release are required to inform themselves about and to comply with any local restrictions that may apply. The Company declines all responsibility for any breach of these restrictions by any person whatsoever.* * *",neutral,0.0,0.99,0.0,negative,0.01,0.31,0.68,True,English,"['Other news releases', 'takeover bids', 'NHOA', 'French Autorité des marchés financiers', 'Taiwan Cement Europe Holdings B.V.', 'last c. EUR 250 million rights issue', 'déclaration de conformité', 'TCC Group Holdings Co.', 'Taiwan Cement Corporation', 'theoretical voting rights', 'NHOA S.A.', 'indirect majority shareholder', 'ad hoc committee', 'draft response document', 'simplified tender offer', 'new NHOA shares', 'issue premium', 'French law', 'PRESS RELEASE', 'regulated market', 'general regulations', 'independent expert', 'fairness opinion', 'due course', 'reasoned opinion', 'nominal value', 'full terms', 'specific regulations', 'offer documentation', 'legal conditions', 'EURONEXT PARIS', '244,557,486 NHOA shares', 'share capital', 'information purposes', 'clearance decision', 'The Company', 'subscription price', 'independent directors', 'local restrictions', 'NHOA.', 'intention', 'view', 'implementation', 'squeeze', 'note', 'TCEH', 'delisting', 'date', 'accordance', 'AMF', 'Board', 'recommendation', 'charge', 'attestation', 'équité', 'report', 'part', 'September', 'Disclaimer', 'solicitation', 'country', 'France', 'certainty', 'dissemination', 'publication', 'distribution', 'countries', 'persons', 'possession', 'responsibility', 'breach']",2024-06-13,2024-06-14,marketscreener.com
42705,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/VENTE-UNIQUE-COM-42547900/news/Vente-unique-com-is-pleased-to-announce-the-reopening-of-the-Habitat-brand-website-46963110/,Vente unique com : is pleased to announce the reopening of the Habitat brand website,(marketscreener.com)   Vente-unique.com is pleased to announce the reopening of the Habitat brand website      13 Jun 2024 07:30 CEST    Subscribe     Issuer   VENTE UNIQUE.COM      Press release  ...https://www.marketscreener.com/…,"Vente-unique.com is pleased to announce the reopening of the Habitat brand websitePress release13 June 2024. Vente-unique.com  the expert in online sales of furniture in France and Europe  is pleased and proud to be reopening the e-commerce site of the iconic Habitat brand: Habitat.fr.From today  customers can once again buy Habitat brand products on the Habitat.fr website and have them delivered anywhere in France.June 13 marks a new step in the relaunch of this iconic brand  much to the delight of Habitat brand design fans and the many French people who love it.Customers are smiling again!Since the announcement of the relaunch (see press release)  Vente-unique.com's priority has been to put a smile back on the faces of customers affected by the compulsory liquidation of the brand's former operator. Customers were invited to fill in a form from 23 April and can still do so until 30 June.After a careful examination of each case  Vente-unique.com was able to respond to the first cases to be validated.Each customer concerned received a proposal for a Habitat voucher  for a significant amount  adapted to each particular case and specified to each person by e-mail. Valid for 2 months  these vouchers can be used on the entire Habitat.fr site  from among the more than 1 500 items already available  and will enable those concerned to order the product or products of their choice on the Habitat.fr site from now on  under freely agreed terms and conditions.Each case was studied individually and received a unique offer.The aim of this unprecedented commercial effort[1] is to put a smile back on the faces of all affected customers. This action is part of a voluntary and proactive approach aimed at restoring confidence in the Habitat brand and giving it a lasting boost.Cases sent in more recently are still being processed. Those who have not yet done so are strongly encouraged to fill in the form  which can be accessed online on the Habitat.fr website in the 'contact' section until 30 June 2024.A first stepThis reopening of the Habitat.fr e-commerce site means that Habitat brand products can once again be ordered and delivered anywhere in France.Although the site is already operational for placing orders  the functionalities and ergonomics of the Habitat brand site will be refined over the coming weeks and months  in order to improve the user experience while preserving the essence and core values of the brand.More than 1 500 items are currently available for sale. These are exclusively Habitat brand products from the latest collection  including iconic products  mainly sofas  furniture and decorative items.A brand new ""product and design"" team is already working on new collections.Next publication: H1 2023-2024 results  Tuesday  18 June 2024Read more onbourse.vente-unique.comAbout Vente-unique.comCreated in 2006  Vente-unique.com (Euronext Growth - ALVU)  a subsidiary of the CAFOM Group (Euronext - CAFO)  is an expert in online revenues of furniture and home furnishings in Europe. The company covers 11 countries (France  Germany  Austria  Belgium  Spain  Italy  Luxembourg  the Netherlands  Poland  Portugal and Switzerland) and has supplied over 2.5 million customers since its launch. In 2023  Vente-unique.com generated revenues of €202 million  up 18%.About HabitatFounded in 1964 by Sir Terence Conran in London  Habitat revolutionised interior design and made it accessible to everyone. The brand quickly established itself as a benchmark for cheerful  pop design  frequented by celebrities and adopted around the world. Knighted for his contributions to design  Sir Terence has always maintained a close link with the Habitat brand. Today  after a period of transition  Vente-unique.com is taking up the torch with the ambition of perpetuating this vision by offering creations that combine aesthetics  functionality and innovation  while remaining faithful to the original spirit of the brand.ACTUS finance & communication Pierre Jacquemin-Guillaume Anne-Charlotte Dudicourt Investor relations Press relations vente-unique@actus.fr acdudicourt@actus.fr +33 (0)1 53 67 36 79 +33 (0)1 53 67 36 32[1] The CAFOM Group  owner of the Habitat brand  will cover the investment needed to cover the price of the products to be delivered as part of this campaign and Vente-unique.com will cover the logistics costs.This publication embed "" Actusnews SECURITY MASTER "".- SECURITY MASTER Key: lJppZpSclGaUm59yZ5yXZ2ppaGmTk2WVamrJmGVulp+caGxklWqVaZ2YZnFnl2lq- Check this key: https://www.security-master-key.com .Regulated information:Inside Information:- other releases Full and original press release in PDF: https://www.actusnews.com/news/86244-vu_cp_site-habitat_eng_vf.pdf86244_FR0010766667.pdf",positive,0.88,0.12,0.01,positive,0.82,0.17,0.01,True,English,"['Vente unique com', 'Habitat brand website', 'reopening', 'Pierre Jacquemin-Guillaume Anne-Charlotte Dudicourt', 'Investor relations Press relations', 'entire Habitat.fr site', 'Habitat.fr e-commerce site', 'Habitat brand design fans', 'Habitat.fr website', 'many French people', 'unprecedented commercial effort', 'H1 2023-2024 results', 'cheerful, pop design', 'Habitat brand website', 'Sir Terence Conran', 'The CAFOM Group', 'Actusnews SECURITY MASTER', 'Habitat brand site', 'SECURITY MASTER Key', 'original press release', 'iconic Habitat brand', 'Habitat brand products', 'brand new ""product', 'Habitat voucher', 'iconic brand', 'iconic products', 'original spirit', 'design"" team', 'interior design', 'new step', 'new collections', 'Vente-unique.com', 'online sales', 'compulsory liquidation', 'former operator', 'careful examination', 'significant amount', 'unique offer', 'proactive approach', 'lasting boost', ""contact' section"", 'first step', 'coming weeks', 'user experience', 'core values', 'latest collection', 'home furnishings', 'close link', 'logistics costs', 'Regulated information', 'Inside Information', 'other releases', 'first cases', 'Next publication', 'Euronext Growth', 'online revenues', 'particular case', 'affected customers', 'decorative items', '2.5 million customers', 'ACTUS finance', '1,500 items', 'reopening', 'June', 'expert', 'furniture', 'France', 'Europe', 'today', 'relaunch', 'delight', 'announcement', 'priority', 'smile', 'faces', '23 April', 'proposal', 'person', 'mail', '2 months', 'vouchers', 'choice', 'terms', 'conditions', 'aim', 'action', 'voluntary', 'confidence', 'orders', 'functionalities', 'ergonomics', 'essence', 'More', 'sofas', 'Tuesday', 'onbourse', 'ALVU', 'subsidiary', 'company', '11 countries', 'Germany', 'Austria', 'Belgium', 'Spain', 'Italy', 'Luxembourg', 'Netherlands', 'Poland', 'Portugal', 'Switzerland', 'London', 'everyone', 'benchmark', 'celebrities', 'world', 'contributions', 'period', 'transition', 'torch', 'ambition', 'vision', 'offering', 'creations', 'aesthetics', 'functionality', 'innovation', 'communication', 'acdudicourt', 'owner', 'investment', 'price', 'campaign', 'lJppZpSclGaUm59yZ5yXZ2ppaGmTk2WVamrJmGVulp', 'caGxklWqVaZ2YZnFnl2lq', 'Full', 'PDF', 'FR0010766667']",2024-06-13,2024-06-14,marketscreener.com
42706,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/ONTEX-GROUP-NV-16751532/news/Ontex-announces-intention-to-restructure-its-production-and-distribution-activities-in-Belgium-with-46963950/,Ontex announces intention to restructure its production and distribution activities in Belgium  with strategic investment in refocused activity,(marketscreener.com) Aalst  Belgium  13 June 2024 – Today  Ontex Group NV   a leading international developer and producer of personal care products  announces the intention to restructure its Belgian production and distribution activities  as part of its str…,Aalst  Belgium  13 June 2024 – Today  Ontex Group NV (Euronext: Ontex)  a leading international developer and producer of personal care products  announces the intention to restructure its Belgian production and distribution activities  as part of its strategic transformation to strengthen its competitive position in the European market. This intended restructuring would entail the closure of the Eeklo site  as well as the transformation of the Buggenhout site into a Center of Excellence for research  development and production of medium & heavy incontinence care products  enabled by investments in the range of €40 million. The intended restructuring would lead to the reduction of 489 employees in Eeklo and Buggenhout  bringing the total workforce in Belgium to 569 positions  spread over the Buggenhout and Aalst sites.Gustavo Calvo Paz  Chief Executive Officer at Ontex  confirms: “The intended transformation of our Belgian operations is part of our transformation journey  with a clear ambition to strengthen our competitive position. Ultimately  it is our mission to continue to bring affordable care products to people of all generations. It is our firm belief that the site in Buggenhout can contribute to delivering on that promise by focusing on selected adult care categories. We are convinced that our substantial investment plan of around €40 million can enable our teams to build a strong future for the site in Buggenhout.”In response to the increasingly competitive personal care market  Ontex is implementing its global transformation plan to strengthen its competitiveness  with a strong focus on customer-centricity  sustainable innovation and organizational and operational cost-efficiency. Since the launch of the transformation plan  numerous initiatives have been implemented  enabling the Group to improve its financial results. These early results provide confidence to pursue the structural transformation to regain and strengthen competitiveness.The intended optimization of Ontex’s Belgian production and distribution activities is an essential strategic initiative aimed at strengthening Ontex’s operational cost-efficiency across Europe. Consequently  Ontex today announced its intention to transform its Belgian operations footprint by exiting the Eeklo site and transforming the Buggenhout site into a center of excellence for medium and heavy incontinence products.Ontex intends to invest an amount in the range of €40 million spread over the coming years into its Buggenhout centre of excellence  aiming to harmonize and modernize the infrastructure and production lines for medium & high incontinence  with high focus on automation. The R&D center and commercial activities  including sales and customer services  would remain in place.The feminine and baby care products volumes produced in Eeklo and the light incontinence products produced in Buggenhout are intended to be relocated to other Ontex plants in Europe  aiming for an optimal cost model to serve the retail and healthcare markets.The intended closure of the Eeklo site would have an impact on all current 349 production-related employees  and the intended reorganization of the Buggenhout site would impact 140 out of 528 employees. Today  the works councils in Eeklo and Buggenhout were informed in line with the legal information and consultation procedure. If – following consultation with the works councils - the intention would be confirmed  the legal procedure would be followed and Ontex would do its utmost best to offer support to all employees involved. In Belgium  Ontex would continue to employ 569 employees  based in Buggenhout and Aalst.Jonas Deroo  Chief Human Resources Officer  confirms: “We recognize that this is a difficult announcement for our employees in Eeklo and Buggenhout and their families. Our first priority now is to ensure they are well-informed and supported. Also  throughout the process we aim for a constructive and respectful dialogue with our social partners and  if the intention of the restructuring would be confirmed  we expect to be able to find appropriate supporting measures in the interest of all affected employees.”***Contact informationInvestors Geoffroy Raskin +32 53 33 37 30 investor.relations@ontexglobal.comMedia Maarten Verbanck +32 53 33 36 20 corporate.communications@ontexglobal.comAbout OntexOntex is a leading international developer and producer of personal care products for retailers and healthcare  with expertise in baby care  feminine care and adult care. Ontex’s innovative products are distributed in around 100 countries through retailers and healthcare providers. Employing some 7 200 people all over the world  Ontex has a presence in 17 countries  with its headquarters in Aalst  Belgium. Ontex is listed on Euronext Brussels and is part of the Bel Mid®.ONTEX GROUP NV Korte Keppestraat 21 9320 Erembodegem (Aalst) 0550.880.915 RPR Ghent – Division Dendermonde  BelgiumAttachment,neutral,0.07,0.92,0.01,mixed,0.48,0.4,0.12,True,English,"['distribution activities', 'strategic investment', 'Ontex', 'intention', 'production', 'Belgium', 'refocused', 'activity', 'Chief Human Resources Officer', 'The R&D center', 'baby care products volumes', 'heavy incontinence care products', 'competitive personal care market', 'Chief Executive Officer', 'heavy incontinence products', 'personal care products', 'affordable care products', 'light incontinence products', 'leading international developer', 'Gustavo Calvo Paz', 'optimal cost model', 'appropriate supporting measures', 'substantial investment plan', 'adult care categories', 'essential strategic initiative', 'Belgian operations footprint', 'global transformation plan', 'other Ontex plants', 'current 349 production-related employees', 'Ontex Group NV', 'innovative products', 'European market', 'high incontinence', 'competitive position', 'strategic transformation', 'feminine care', 'Belgian production', 'distribution activities', 'total workforce', 'intended transformation', 'transformation journey', 'clear ambition', 'firm belief', 'strong future', 'strong focus', 'sustainable innovation', 'operational cost-efficiency', 'numerous initiatives', 'financial results', 'early results', 'structural transformation', 'intended optimization', 'coming years', 'high focus', 'commercial activities', 'customer services', 'intended reorganization', 'works councils', 'legal information', 'legal procedure', 'Jonas Deroo', 'difficult announcement', 'first priority', 'respectful dialogue', 'social partners', 'Contact information', 'Geoffroy Raskin', 'Maarten Verbanck', 'Bel Mid®', 'Korte Keppestraat', 'RPR Ghent', 'Division Dendermonde', 'production lines', 'healthcare markets', 'healthcare providers', 'intended closure', 'consultation procedure', 'Euronext Brussels', 'intended restructuring', 'Buggenhout centre', 'Aalst sites', 'Belgium Attachment', 'Eeklo site', 'Buggenhout site', '489 employees', '528 employees', '569 employees', '13 June', 'producer', 'intention', 'Excellence', 'research', 'development', 'medium', 'investments', 'range', 'reduction', '569 positions', 'mission', 'people', 'generations', 'promise', 'teams', 'response', 'competitiveness', 'organizational', 'launch', 'confidence', 'amount', 'infrastructure', 'automation', 'sales', 'place', 'retail', 'impact', 'families', 'process', 'constructive', 'interest', 'Investors', 'relations', 'ontexglobal', 'Media', 'communications', 'expertise', '100 countries', 'world', 'presence', '17 countries', 'headquarters', '9320 Erembodegem']",2024-06-13,2024-06-14,marketscreener.com
42707,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/GTT-GAZTRANSPORT-15821825/news/GTT-s-2024-combined-shareholders-Annual-General-Meeting-summary-46969039/,GTT's 2024 combined shareholders' Annual General Meeting summary,(marketscreener.com) GTT’s 2024 combined shareholders’ Annual General Meeting summary Saint-Rémy-lès-Chevreuse – June 13  2024. The combined shareholders’ Annual General Meeting of GTT met yesterday  under the chairmanship of Philippe Berterottière  Chairman …,GTT’s 2024 combined shareholders’ Annual General Meeting summarySaint-Rémy-lès-Chevreuse – June 13  2024. The combined shareholders’ Annual General Meeting (AGM) of GTT (Gaztransport & Technigaz) met yesterday  under the chairmanship of Philippe Berterottière  Chairman and CEO of GTT.All resolutions submitted to the Annual General Meeting (AGM) were approved. It is specified that following the Annual General Meeting  as previously announced  the roles of Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer have been separated  Philippe Berterottière remaining Chairman of the Board  and Jean-Baptiste Choimet assuming the role of Chief Executive Officer.During the Annual General Meeting  the shareholders approved in particular the annual and consolidated financial statements for the fiscal year 2023 and appropriation of net income including the payment of a dividend of 4.36 euros per share  it being specified that an interim dividend amounting to 1.85 euro was paid on December 14  2023. The balance due  i.e. 2.51 euros per share  will be paid on June 20  2024  it being stipulated that the ex‑dividend date will be June 18  2024.The AGM has approved the appointment of Ernst & Young Audit as Statutory Auditor in charge of certifying the sustainability information.The AGM ratified the co-option of Ms. Domitille Doat Le Bigot as director and approved the renewal of the term of office of Ms. Carolle Foissaud as director.The AGM approved the information stipulated in Article L. 22-10-9  I. of the French Commercial Code provided in the report of corporate governance. It also approved the elements of the compensation paid or allocated to the Chairman and Chief Executive Officer for the year ended  as well as the following policies for the 2024 financial:the compensation policy of the Chairman and Chief Executive Officer for the period from January 1  2024 to June 12  2024 the compensation policy of the Chief Executive Officer as of June 12  2024 the compensation policy of the Chairman of the Board as of June 12  2024 the compensation policy of the members of the Board of Directors.Finally  the AGM authorized the Board of Directors to carry out transactions on the Company’s shares and to reduce the share capital through the cancellation of the Company’s treasury shares.Following to the resignation of Ms. Frédérique Kalb as of June 12  2024 after the end of the Annual General Meeting  the Board of directors is composed of 8 Directors  of which 5 are men and 3 are women  and 6 are independent (i.e. 75%):Philippe Berterottière  Chairman of the BoardDomitille Doat-Le Bigot  Independent DirectorCarolle Foissaud  Independent DirectorLuc Gillet  Independent DirectorPierre Guiollot  DirectorPascal Macioce  Independent DirectorCatherine Ronge  Independent DirectorAntoine Rostand  Independent DirectorThe composition of the Board of Directors is thus in accordance with the recommendations of the AFEP-MEDEF Code following the date of the Annual General Meeting.The results of the vote on each resolution and the replay of the Annual General Meeting will soon be available on GTT’s website (www.gtt.fr) at Finance / Shareholders’ meeting.Financial agendaPayment of the balance of the dividend for the 2023 financial year: June 20  2024Publication of the 2024 half-year results: July 25  2024 (after close of trading)2024 third-quarter activity update: October 25  2024 (after close of trading)About GTTGTT is a technology and engineering group with expertise in the design and development of cryogenic membrane containment systems for use in the transport and storage of liquefied gases. Over the past 60 years  the GTT Group has designed and developed  to the highest standards of excellence  some of the most innovative technologies used in LNG carriers  floating terminals  onshore storage tanks and multi-gas carriers. As part of its commitment to building a sustainable world  GTT develops new solutions designed to support ship-owners and energy providers in their journey towards a decarbonised future. As such  the Group offers systems designed to enable commercial vessels to use LNG as fuel  develops cutting-edge digital solutions to enhance vessels’ economic and environmental performance  and actively pursues innovation in the field of zero-carbon solutions. Through its subsidiary  Elogen  which designs and manufactures proton exchange membrane (PEM) electrolysers  GTT is also actively involved in the green hydrogen sector.GTT is listed on Euronext Paris  Compartment A (ISIN FR0011726835 Euronext Paris: GTT) and is notably included in SBF 120  Stoxx Europe 600 and MSCI Small Cap indices.Investor relations contact:information-financiere@gtt.fr / +33 1 30 23 20 87Media contact:press@gtt.fr / +33 1 30 23 56 37For more information  visit www.gtt.fr.Attachment,neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,neutral,0.03,0.94,0.03,True,English,"[""2024 combined shareholders' Annual General Meeting summary"", 'GTT', '2024 combined shareholders’ Annual General Meeting summary', 'Ms. Domitille Doat Le Bigot', 'Ms. Frédérique Kalb', 'MSCI Small Cap indices', 'cryogenic membrane containment systems', 'Independent Director Antoine Rostand', 'Domitille Doat-Le Bigot', 'proton exchange membrane', 'Ms. Carolle Foissaud', 'Saint-Rémy-lès-Chevreuse', 'Philippe Berterottière', 'Chief Executive Officer', '2024 third-quarter activity update', 'green hydrogen sector', 'Investor relations contact', 'cutting-edge digital solutions', 'consolidated financial statements', 'French Commercial Code', 'onshore storage tanks', 'Shareholders’ meeting', 'ex‑dividend date', 'AFEP-MEDEF Code', 'commercial vessels', 'Media contact', 'new solutions', 'zero-carbon solutions', 'Jean-Baptiste Choimet', 'net income', 'Young Audit', 'Statutory Auditor', 'Article L.', 'corporate governance', 'following policies', 'Luc Gillet', 'Pierre Guiollot', 'Pascal Macioce', 'Catherine Ronge', 'Financial agenda', 'liquefied gases', 'past 60 years', 'highest standards', 'innovative technologies', 'floating terminals', 'multi-gas carriers', 'sustainable world', 'energy providers', 'decarbonised future', 'vessels’ economic', 'environmental performance', 'PEM) electrolysers', 'Euronext Paris', 'Compartment A', 'Stoxx Europe', 'compensation policy', 'interim dividend', 'fiscal year', '2023 financial year', 'engineering group', 'The AGM', 'treasury shares', '2024 half-year results', 'LNG carriers', 'sustainability information', 'share capital', 'GTT Group', '2024 financial', 'June', 'Gaztransport', 'Technigaz', 'chairmanship', 'CEO', 'resolutions', 'roles', 'Board', 'appropriation', 'payment', '4.36 euros', '1.85 euro', 'December', 'balance', '2.51 euros', 'appointment', 'Ernst', 'charge', 'option', 'renewal', 'I.', 'report', 'elements', 'period', 'January', 'members', 'Directors', 'transactions', 'Company', 'cancellation', 'resignation', 'women', 'composition', 'accordance', 'recommendations', 'vote', 'replay', 'website', 'Publication', 'July', 'close', 'trading', 'October', 'technology', 'expertise', 'design', 'development', 'excellence', 'commitment', 'ship-owners', 'journey', 'fuel', 'innovation', 'field', 'subsidiary', 'Elogen', 'ISIN', 'SBF', 'financiere', 'Attachment', '1 30']",2024-06-13,2024-06-14,marketscreener.com
42708,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2024/06/13/2898543/0/en/GTT-s-2024-combined-shareholders-Annual-General-Meeting-summary.html,GTT’s 2024 combined shareholders’ Annual General Meeting summary,GTT’s 2024 combined shareholders’ Annual General Meeting summary     Saint-Rémy-lès-Chevreuse – June 13  2024. The combined shareholders’ Annual...,GTT’s 2024 combined shareholders’ Annual General Meeting summarySaint-Rémy-lès-Chevreuse – June 13  2024. The combined shareholders’ Annual General Meeting (AGM) of GTT (Gaztransport & Technigaz) met yesterday  under the chairmanship of Philippe Berterottière  Chairman and CEO of GTT.All resolutions submitted to the Annual General Meeting (AGM) were approved. It is specified that following the Annual General Meeting  as previously announced  the roles of Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer have been separated  Philippe Berterottière remaining Chairman of the Board  and Jean-Baptiste Choimet assuming the role of Chief Executive Officer.During the Annual General Meeting  the shareholders approved in particular the annual and consolidated financial statements for the fiscal year 2023 and appropriation of net income including the payment of a dividend of 4.36 euros per share  it being specified that an interim dividend amounting to 1.85 euro was paid on December 14  2023. The balance due  i.e. 2.51 euros per share  will be paid on June 20  2024  it being stipulated that the ex‑dividend date will be June 18  2024.The AGM has approved the appointment of Ernst & Young Audit as Statutory Auditor in charge of certifying the sustainability information.The AGM ratified the co-option of Ms. Domitille Doat Le Bigot as director and approved the renewal of the term of office of Ms. Carolle Foissaud as director.The AGM approved the information stipulated in Article L. 22-10-9  I. of the French Commercial Code provided in the report of corporate governance. It also approved the elements of the compensation paid or allocated to the Chairman and Chief Executive Officer for the year ended  as well as the following policies for the 2024 financial:the compensation policy of the Chairman and Chief Executive Officer for the period from January 1  2024 to June 12  2024 the compensation policy of the Chief Executive Officer as of June 12  2024 the compensation policy of the Chairman of the Board as of June 12  2024 the compensation policy of the members of the Board of Directors.Finally  the AGM authorized the Board of Directors to carry out transactions on the Company’s shares and to reduce the share capital through the cancellation of the Company’s treasury shares.Following to the resignation of Ms. Frédérique Kalb as of June 12  2024 after the end of the Annual General Meeting  the Board of directors is composed of 8 Directors  of which 5 are men and 3 are women  and 6 are independent (i.e. 75%):Philippe Berterottière  Chairman of the BoardDomitille Doat-Le Bigot  Independent DirectorCarolle Foissaud  Independent DirectorLuc Gillet  Independent DirectorPierre Guiollot  DirectorPascal Macioce  Independent DirectorCatherine Ronge  Independent DirectorAntoine Rostand  Independent DirectorThe composition of the Board of Directors is thus in accordance with the recommendations of the AFEP-MEDEF Code following the date of the Annual General Meeting.The results of the vote on each resolution and the replay of the Annual General Meeting will soon be available on GTT’s website (www.gtt.fr) at Finance / Shareholders’ meeting.Financial agendaPayment of the balance of the dividend for the 2023 financial year: June 20  2024Publication of the 2024 half-year results: July 25  2024 (after close of trading)2024 third-quarter activity update: October 25  2024 (after close of trading)About GTTGTT is a technology and engineering group with expertise in the design and development of cryogenic membrane containment systems for use in the transport and storage of liquefied gases. Over the past 60 years  the GTT Group has designed and developed  to the highest standards of excellence  some of the most innovative technologies used in LNG carriers  floating terminals  onshore storage tanks and multi-gas carriers. As part of its commitment to building a sustainable world  GTT develops new solutions designed to support ship-owners and energy providers in their journey towards a decarbonised future. As such  the Group offers systems designed to enable commercial vessels to use LNG as fuel  develops cutting-edge digital solutions to enhance vessels’ economic and environmental performance  and actively pursues innovation in the field of zero-carbon solutions. Through its subsidiary  Elogen  which designs and manufactures proton exchange membrane (PEM) electrolysers  GTT is also actively involved in the green hydrogen sector.GTT is listed on Euronext Paris  Compartment A (ISIN FR0011726835 Euronext Paris: GTT) and is notably included in SBF 120  Stoxx Europe 600 and MSCI Small Cap indices.Investor relations contact:information-financiere@gtt.fr / +33 1 30 23 20 87Media contact:press@gtt.fr / +33 1 30 23 56 37For more information  visit www.gtt.fr.Attachment,neutral,0.02,0.98,0.0,neutral,0.03,0.94,0.03,True,English,"['2024 combined shareholders’ Annual General Meeting summary', 'GTT', '2024 combined shareholders’ Annual General Meeting summary', 'Ms. Domitille Doat Le Bigot', 'Ms. Frédérique Kalb', 'MSCI Small Cap indices', 'cryogenic membrane containment systems', 'Independent Director Antoine Rostand', 'Domitille Doat-Le Bigot', 'proton exchange membrane', 'Ms. Carolle Foissaud', 'Saint-Rémy-lès-Chevreuse', 'Philippe Berterottière', 'Chief Executive Officer', '2024 third-quarter activity update', 'green hydrogen sector', 'Investor relations contact', 'cutting-edge digital solutions', 'consolidated financial statements', 'French Commercial Code', 'onshore storage tanks', 'Shareholders’ meeting', 'ex‑dividend date', 'AFEP-MEDEF Code', 'commercial vessels', 'Media contact', 'new solutions', 'zero-carbon solutions', 'Jean-Baptiste Choimet', 'net income', 'Young Audit', 'Statutory Auditor', 'Article L.', 'corporate governance', 'following policies', 'Luc Gillet', 'Pierre Guiollot', 'Pascal Macioce', 'Catherine Ronge', 'Financial agenda', 'liquefied gases', 'past 60 years', 'highest standards', 'innovative technologies', 'floating terminals', 'multi-gas carriers', 'sustainable world', 'energy providers', 'decarbonised future', 'vessels’ economic', 'environmental performance', 'PEM) electrolysers', 'Euronext Paris', 'Compartment A', 'Stoxx Europe', 'compensation policy', 'interim dividend', 'fiscal year', '2023 financial year', 'engineering group', 'The AGM', 'treasury shares', '2024 half-year results', 'LNG carriers', 'sustainability information', 'share capital', 'GTT Group', '2024 financial', 'June', 'Gaztransport', 'Technigaz', 'chairmanship', 'CEO', 'resolutions', 'roles', 'Board', 'appropriation', 'payment', '4.36 euros', '1.85 euro', 'December', 'balance', '2.51 euros', 'appointment', 'Ernst', 'charge', 'option', 'renewal', 'I.', 'report', 'elements', 'period', 'January', 'members', 'Directors', 'transactions', 'Company', 'cancellation', 'resignation', 'women', 'composition', 'accordance', 'recommendations', 'vote', 'replay', 'website', 'Publication', 'July', 'close', 'trading', 'October', 'technology', 'expertise', 'design', 'development', 'excellence', 'commitment', 'ship-owners', 'journey', 'fuel', 'innovation', 'field', 'subsidiary', 'Elogen', 'ISIN', 'SBF', 'financiere', 'Attachment', '1 30']",2024-06-13,2024-06-14,globenewswire.com
42709,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/VENTE-UNIQUE-COM-42547900/news/Vente-unique-com-Vente-unique-com-is-pleased-to-announce-the-reopening-of-the-Habitat-brand-we-46963050/,Vente-unique.com :  Vente-unique.com is pleased to announce the reopening of the Habitat brand website,(marketscreener.com)  Press release  13 June 2024. Vente-unique.com  the expert in online sales of furniture in France and Europe  is pleased and proud to be reopening the e-commerce site of the iconic Habitat brand: Habitat.fr.From today  customers can…,"Press release13 June 2024. Vente-unique.com  the expert in online sales of furniture in France and Europe  is pleased and proud to be reopening the e-commerce site of the iconic Habitat brand: Habitat.fr.From today  customers can once again buy Habitat brand products on the Habitat.fr website and have them delivered anywhere in France.June 13 marks a new step in the relaunch of this iconic brand  much to the delight of Habitat brand design fans and the many French people who love it.Customers are smiling again!Since the announcement of the relaunch (see press release)  Vente-unique.com's priority has been to put a smile back on the faces of customers affected by the compulsory liquidation of the brand's former operator. Customers were invited to fill in a form from 23 April and can still do so until 30 June.After a careful examination of each case  Vente-unique.com was able to respond to the first cases to be validated.Each customer concerned received a proposal for a Habitat voucher  for a significant amount  adapted to each particular case and specified to each person by e-mail. Valid for 2 months  these vouchers can be used on the entire Habitat.fr site  from among the more than 1 500 items already available  and will enable those concerned to order the product or products of their choice on the Habitat.fr site from now on  under freely agreed terms and conditions.Each case was studied individually and received a unique offer.The aim of this unprecedented commercial effort[1] is to put a smile back on the faces of all affected customers. This action is part of a voluntary and proactive approach aimed at restoring confidence in the Habitat brand and giving it a lasting boost.Cases sent in more recently are still being processed. Those who have not yet done so are strongly encouraged to fill in the form  which can be accessed online on the Habitat.fr website in the ‘contact' section until 30 June 2024.A first stepThis reopening of the Habitat.fr e-commerce site means that Habitat brand products can once again be ordered and delivered anywhere in France.Although the site is already operational for placing orders  the functionalities and ergonomics of the Habitat brand site will be refined over the coming weeks and months  in order to improve the user experience while preserving the essence and core values of the brand.More than 1 500 items are currently available for sale. These are exclusively Habitat brand products from the latest collection  including iconic products  mainly sofas  furniture and decorative items.A brand new “product and design” team is already working on new collections.Next publication: H1 2023-2024 results  Tuesday  18 June 2024Read more on bourse.vente-unique.comAbout Vente-unique.comCreated in 2006  Vente-unique.com (Euronext Growth - ALVU)  a subsidiary of the CAFOM Group (Euronext - CAFO)  is an expert in online revenues of furniture and home furnishings in Europe. The company covers 11 countries (France  Germany  Austria  Belgium  Spain  Italy  Luxembourg  the Netherlands  Poland  Portugal and Switzerland) and has supplied over 2.5 million customers since its launch. In 2023  Vente-unique.com generated revenues of €202 million  up 18%.About HabitatFounded in 1964 by Sir Terence Conran in London  Habitat revolutionised interior design and made it accessible to everyone. The brand quickly established itself as a benchmark for cheerful  pop design  frequented by celebrities and adopted around the world. Knighted for his contributions to design  Sir Terence has always maintained a close link with the Habitat brand. Today  after a period of transition  Vente-unique.com is taking up the torch with the ambition of perpetuating this vision by offering creations that combine aesthetics  functionality and innovation  while remaining faithful to the original spirit of the brand.ACTUS finance & communication Pierre Jacquemin-Guillaume Anne-Charlotte Dudicourt Investor relations Press relations vente-unique@actus.fr acdudicourt@actus.fr +33 (0)1 53 67 36 79 +33 (0)1 53 67 36 32[1] The CAFOM Group  owner of the Habitat brand  will cover the investment needed to cover the price of the products to be delivered as part of this campaign and Vente-unique.com will cover the logistics costs.This publication embed ""🔒 Actusnews SECURITY MASTER "".- SECURITY MASTER Key: lJppZpSclGaUm59yZ5yXZ2ppaGmTk2WVamrJmGVulp+caGxklWqVaZ2YZnFnl2lq- Check this key: https://www.security-master-key.com .Regulated information:Inside Information:- other releases Full and original press release in PDF: https://www.actusnews.com/news/86244-vu_cp_site-habitat_eng_vf.pdfReceive by email the next press releases of the company by registering on www.actusnews.com   it's free© 2024 ActusNews",positive,0.53,0.46,0.01,positive,0.87,0.12,0.01,True,English,"['Habitat brand website', 'Vente-unique.com', 'reopening', 'Pierre Jacquemin-Guillaume Anne-Charlotte Dudicourt', 'Investor relations Press relations', 'entire Habitat.fr site', 'Habitat.fr e-commerce site', 'Habitat brand design fans', 'Habitat.fr website', 'many French people', 'unprecedented commercial effort', 'H1 2023-2024 results', 'cheerful, pop design', 'Sir Terence Conran', 'The CAFOM Group', 'Habitat brand site', 'next press releases', 'SECURITY MASTER Key', 'original press release', 'Actusnews SECURITY MASTER', 'iconic Habitat brand', 'Habitat brand products', 'brand new “product', 'Habitat voucher', 'iconic brand', 'iconic products', 'original spirit', 'other releases', 'design” team', 'interior design', 'new step', 'new collections', 'online sales', 'Vente-unique.com', 'compulsory liquidation', 'former operator', 'careful examination', 'significant amount', 'proactive approach', 'lasting boost', ""contact' section"", 'first step', 'coming weeks', 'user experience', 'core values', 'latest collection', 'Next publication', 'home furnishings', 'close link', 'logistics costs', 'Regulated information', 'Inside Information', 'first cases', 'unique offer', 'Euronext Growth', 'online revenues', 'particular case', 'affected customers', 'decorative items', '2.5 million customers', 'ACTUS finance', '1,500 items', '13 June', 'expert', 'furniture', 'France', 'Europe', 'today', 'relaunch', 'delight', 'announcement', 'priority', 'smile', 'faces', '23 April', '30 June', 'proposal', 'person', 'mail', '2 months', 'vouchers', 'choice', 'terms', 'conditions', 'aim', 'action', 'voluntary', 'confidence', 'reopening', 'orders', 'functionalities', 'ergonomics', 'essence', 'More', 'sofas', 'Tuesday', 'bourse', 'ALVU', 'subsidiary', 'company', '11 countries', 'Germany', 'Austria', 'Belgium', 'Spain', 'Italy', 'Luxembourg', 'Netherlands', 'Poland', 'Portugal', 'Switzerland', 'London', 'everyone', 'benchmark', 'celebrities', 'world', 'contributions', 'period', 'transition', 'torch', 'ambition', 'vision', 'offering', 'creations', 'aesthetics', 'functionality', 'innovation', 'communication', 'acdudicourt', 'owner', 'investment', 'price', 'campaign', 'lJppZpSclGaUm59yZ5yXZ2ppaGmTk2WVamrJmGVulp', 'caGxklWqVaZ2YZnFnl2lq', 'Full', 'PDF']",2024-06-13,2024-06-14,marketscreener.com
42710,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.etfdailynews.com/2024/06/13/comerica-bank-trims-stake-in-invesco-sp-500-equal-weight-etf-nysearcarsp/,Comerica Bank Trims Stake in Invesco S&P 500 Equal Weight ETF (NYSEARCA:RSP),Comerica Bank lessened its stake in shares of Invesco S&P 500 Equal Weight ETF (NYSEARCA:RSP – Free Report) by 8.7% in the 4th quarter  according to its most recent disclosure with the SEC. The firm owned 221 591 shares of the company’s stock after selling 20…,Comerica Bank lessened its stake in shares of Invesco S&P 500 Equal Weight ETF (NYSEARCA:RSP – Free Report) by 8.7% in the 4th quarter  according to its most recent disclosure with the SEC. The firm owned 221 591 shares of the company’s stock after selling 20 985 shares during the period. Comerica Bank owned 0.08% of Invesco S&P 500 Equal Weight ETF worth $34 967 000 as of its most recent SEC filing.A number of other hedge funds and other institutional investors have also bought and sold shares of the stock. Partnership Wealth Management LLC purchased a new stake in shares of Invesco S&P 500 Equal Weight ETF during the fourth quarter worth about $25 000. Howe & Rusling Inc. purchased a new position in shares of Invesco S&P 500 Equal Weight ETF in the fourth quarter worth $26 000. GAMMA Investing LLC bought a new position in shares of Invesco S&P 500 Equal Weight ETF during the fourth quarter worth $38 000. Core Wealth Advisors Inc. purchased a new position in Invesco S&P 500 Equal Weight ETF during the third quarter valued at $38 000. Finally  SOA Wealth Advisors LLC. increased its holdings in Invesco S&P 500 Equal Weight ETF by 51.5% in the 4th quarter. SOA Wealth Advisors LLC. now owns 303 shares of the company’s stock valued at $48 000 after acquiring an additional 103 shares during the last quarter.Get Invesco S&P 500 Equal Weight ETF alerts:Invesco S&P 500 Equal Weight ETF Stock Up 0.5 %RSP opened at $165.20 on Thursday. The company has a market capitalization of $55.33 billion  a PE ratio of 20.44 and a beta of 0.90. The firm has a 50-day simple moving average of $164.28 and a two-hundred day simple moving average of $160.75. Invesco S&P 500 Equal Weight ETF has a 52 week low of $133.34 and a 52 week high of $169.80.About Invesco S&P 500 Equal Weight ETFGuggenheim S&P 500 Equal Weight ETF  formerly Rydex S&P 500 Equal Weight ETF  seeks to replicate as closely as possible  the daily performance of the S&P 500 Equal Weight Index (the Index). The Index is a capitalization-weighted index covering 500 industrial  utility  transportation and financial companies of the United States markets (mostly NYSE Euronext issues).Featured ArticlesReceive News & Ratings for Invesco S&P 500 Equal Weight ETF Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Invesco S&P 500 Equal Weight ETF and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.,neutral,0.02,0.98,0.01,positive,0.63,0.36,0.02,True,English,"['Invesco S&P 500 Equal Weight ETF', 'Comerica Bank Trims Stake', 'NYSEARCA', 'RSP', 'Invesco S&P 500 Equal Weight ETF alerts', 'Invesco S&P 500 Equal Weight ETF Stock', 'Guggenheim S&P 500 Equal Weight ETF', 'Rydex S&P 500 Equal Weight ETF', 'S&P 500 Equal Weight Index', 'two-hundred day simple moving average', '50-day simple moving average', 'Partnership Wealth Management LLC', 'SOA Wealth Advisors LLC', 'Core Wealth Advisors Inc.', 'FREE daily email newsletter', 'GAMMA Investing LLC', 'other hedge funds', 'other institutional investors', 'United States markets', 'NYSE Euronext issues', 'concise daily summary', 'recent SEC filing', 'Free Report', 'Rusling Inc.', 'daily performance', 'email address', 'recent disclosure', 'The Index', 'capitalization-weighted index', 'Comerica Bank', '4th quarter', 'fourth quarter', 'new position', 'third quarter', 'last quarter', 'market capitalization', 'PE ratio', 'financial companies', 'Featured Articles', 'related companies', 'MarketBeat.com', 'NYSEARCA:RSP', 'new stake', 'latest news', ""analysts' ratings"", 'additional 103 shares', '221,591 shares', '20,985 shares', '303 shares', 'firm', 'company', 'period', 'number', 'Howe', 'holdings', 'Thursday', 'beta', '52 week', 'transportation', '0.0']",2024-06-13,2024-06-14,etfdailynews.com
42711,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/ANTIN-INFRASTRUCTURE-PART-127080817/news/Antin-Infrastructure-Partners-2024-Annual-Shareholders-Meeting-All-Resolutions-Are-Adopted-46969022/,Antin Infrastructure Partners: 2024 Annual Shareholders' Meeting; All Resolutions Are Adopted,(marketscreener.com) Disclosure in accordance with the AMF recommendationshttps://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/ANTIN-INFRASTRUCTURE-PART-127080817/news/Antin-Infrastructure-Partners-2024-Annual-Shareholders-Meeting-All-Resolutions-Are-Adopted-4696902…,Disclosure in accordance with the AMF recommendationsRegulatory News:Antin Infrastructure Partners SA (Paris:ANTIN) held its Annual Shareholders’ Meeting today in Paris  under the chairmanship of Alain Rauscher  Chairman of the Board of Directors and Chief Executive Officer (the “Meeting”).The shareholders  who represented 97.72% of voting rights approved all the resolutions presented  and in particular:approved the statutory and consolidated financial statements for 2023decided on the distribution of an amount of €0.71 per share. Given the interim payment of €0.32 per share made on 16 November 2023  the balance of the distribution  i.e.  €0.39 per share  will be paid on 19 June 2024 (ex-date: 17 June 2024)renewed  for a period of three years  the terms of office of Alain Rauscher  Mark Crosbie and Mélanie Biessy  and renewed  for a period of two years  the term of office of Ramon de Oliveira. The Board of Directors is thus composed of six members  three of whom are independent  with 3 women and 3 men and 4 Directors of foreign nationalitiesapproved the 2024 compensation policies for the corporate officers  as well as the various components of the compensation paid or awarded to the corporate officers for 2023approved the renewal of authorisations granted by previous shareholders’ meetings to provide the Board of Directors with a range of suitable tools to deploy incentive schemes to Antin employees.The Board of Directors met after the Meeting and decided in particular:to re-appoint (i) Alain Rauscher as Chairman of the Board of Directors and Chief Executive Officer and (ii) Mark Crosbie as Vice-Chairman of the Board of Directorsto continue the liquidity agreement with BNP Paribas Arbitrage.Alain Rauscher invited the shareholders to the 2025 Annual Shareholders’ Meeting on 11 June 2025.The results of the votes are available on the Company’s website www.shareholders.antin-ip.com  section “Shareholders’ Meetings”.About Antin Infrastructure PartnersAntin Infrastructure Partners is a leading private equity firm focused on infrastructure. With over €31bn in Assets under Management across its Flagship  Mid Cap and NextGen investment strategies  Antin targets investments in the energy and environment  digital  transport and social infrastructure sectors. With offices in Paris  London  New York  Singapore  Seoul and Luxembourg  Antin employs over 220 professionals dedicated to growing  improving and transforming infrastructure businesses while delivering long-term value to portfolio companies and investors. Majority owned by its partners  Antin is listed on compartment A of the regulated market of Euronext Paris (Ticker: ANTIN – ISIN: FR0014005AL0).View source version on businesswire.com: https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20240613404317/en/,neutral,0.02,0.97,0.01,neutral,0.05,0.93,0.02,True,English,"['Antin Infrastructure Partners', ""2024 Annual Shareholders' Meeting"", 'Resolutions', 'leading private equity firm', 'Antin Infrastructure Partners SA', 'Chief Executive Officer', 'consolidated financial statements', 'Mélanie Biessy', 'Ramon de Oliveira', 'BNP Paribas Arbitrage', 'NextGen investment strategies', 'social infrastructure sectors', 'previous shareholders’ meetings', 'Annual Shareholders’ Meeting', 'infrastructure businesses', 'AMF recommendations', 'Alain Rauscher', 'voting rights', 'interim payment', 'three years', 'Mark Crosbie', 'two years', 'six members', 'foreign nationalities', 'corporate officers', 'various components', 'suitable tools', 'incentive schemes', 'liquidity agreement', 'Mid Cap', 'New York', 'long-term value', 'portfolio companies', 'compartment A', 'regulated market', 'source version', 'Antin employees', 'Regulatory News', '2024 compensation policies', 'Euronext Paris', 'Disclosure', 'accordance', 'chairmanship', 'Board', 'Directors', 'resolutions', 'statutory', 'distribution', 'amount', '16 November', 'balance', '19 June', '17 June', 'period', 'terms', '3 women', '3 men', 'renewal', 'authorisations', 'range', 'Vice-Chairman', '11 June', 'results', 'votes', 'Company', 'website', 'section', 'Assets', 'Management', 'Flagship', 'investments', 'energy', 'environment', 'digital', 'transport', 'offices', 'London', 'Singapore', 'Seoul', 'Luxembourg', '220 professionals', 'transforming', 'investors', 'Majority', 'Ticker', 'ISIN', 'businesswire', '2023']",2024-06-13,2024-06-14,marketscreener.com
42712,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/EUROCASTLE-INVESTMENT-LIM-13218085/news/Eurocastle-Announces-2024-AGM-Results-and-PDMR-Dealing-Notification-46963130/,Eurocastle Announces 2024 AGM Results and PDMR Dealing Notification,(marketscreener.com) EUROCASTLE INVESTMENT LIMITED                        Contact: Oak Fund Services LimitedCompany AdministratorAttn: Hannah CrockerTel: +44 1481 723450         Eurocastle Announces 2024 AGM Results and PDMR Dealing Notification Guernsey  13 …,EUROCASTLE INVESTMENT LIMITEDContact:Oak Fund Services (Guernsey) LimitedCompany AdministratorAttn: Hannah CrockerTel: +44 1481 723450Eurocastle Announces 2024 AGM Results and PDMR Dealing NotificationGuernsey  13 June 2024 – Eurocastle Investment Limited (Euronext Amsterdam: ECT) (“Eurocastle” or the “Company”) today announces the results of its 2024 Annual General Meeting held yesterday  12 June 2024. All ordinary and extraordinary business tabled before the meeting in accordance with the Notice of Annual General Meeting circulated to shareholders on 28 May 2024 was approved. A copy of this Notice is available on Eurocastle’s website at www.eurocastleinv.com under Periodic Reports and Shareholder Communications in the Investor Relations Section.In addition  the Company will today issue 1 000 ordinary shares to each of its three independent directors as part of their in-place compensation arrangements. By reference to its obligations under Article 19 of EU Regulation 596/2014  the Company is making public the following details of those dealings in its shares by persons discharging managerial responsibilities:Name of the PDMR Financial Instrument Nature of Transaction Date and place of transaction Volume and price of transaction Dr. Simon John Thornton Ordinary Shares Acquisition for nil consideration as part of compensation arrangements 13 June 2024  Guernsey 1 000 sharesNil consideration Mrs. Claire Elizabeth Ann Whittet Ordinary Shares Acquisition for nil consideration as part of compensation arrangements 13 June 2024  Guernsey 1 000 sharesNil consideration Mr. Jason de Beauvoir Sherwill Ordinary Shares Acquisition for nil consideration as part of compensation arrangements 13 June 2024  Guernsey 1 000 sharesNil considerationFollowing this issuance  the total number of Ordinary Shares of the Company in issue is 1 001 555.ABOUT EUROCASTLEEurocastle Investment Limited (“Eurocastle” or the “Company”) is a publicly traded closed-ended investment company. On 8 July 2022  the Company announced the relaunch of its investment activity and is currently in the early stages of pursuing its new strategy by initially focusing on opportunistic real estate in Greece with a plan to expand across Southern Europe. For more information regarding Eurocastle Investment Limited and to be added to our email distribution list  please visit www.eurocastleinv.com.,neutral,0.04,0.95,0.01,neutral,0.02,0.94,0.03,True,English,"['PDMR Dealing Notification', '2024 AGM Results', 'Eurocastle', 'Mrs. Claire Elizabeth Ann Whittet Ordinary Shares Acquisition', 'Mr. Jason de Beauvoir Sherwill Ordinary Shares Acquisition', 'Dr. Simon John Thornton Ordinary Shares Acquisition', 'PDMR Financial Instrument Nature', 'PDMR Dealing Notification', 'Oak Fund Services', 'Investor Relations Section', 'three independent directors', 'opportunistic real estate', 'email distribution list', '1,000 ordinary shares', '2024 Annual General Meeting', 'EUROCASTLE INVESTMENT LIMITED', 'Limited Company Administrator', 'closed-ended investment company', 'place compensation arrangements', 'Guernsey 1,000 shares', 'investment activity', 'Hannah Crocker', 'Euronext Amsterdam', 'extraordinary business', 'Periodic Reports', 'Shareholder Communications', 'EU Regulation', 'following details', 'managerial responsibilities', 'total number', 'early stages', 'new strategy', 'Southern Europe', 'Transaction Date', 'transaction Volume', 'Nil consideration', '2024 AGM Results', 'Contact', 'Attn', 'Tel', '13 June', 'accordance', 'Notice', 'shareholders', '28 May', 'copy', 'website', 'eurocastleinv', 'addition', 'part', 'reference', 'obligations', 'Article', 'dealings', 'persons', 'Name', 'price', 'issuance', 'issue', '8 July', 'relaunch', 'Greece', 'plan', 'information']",2024-06-13,2024-06-14,marketscreener.com
42713,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/NN-GROUP-N-V-16805129/news/NN-N-Group-aounces-stock-fraction-for-2023-final-dividend-and-repurchase-of-shares-to-neutralise-s-46969257/,NN N : Group aounces stock fraction for 2023 final dividend and repurchase of shares to neutralise stock dividend,(marketscreener.com)  As announced on 29 February 2024  shareholders of NN Group N.V. were given the option to receive the final dividend for 2023 of EUR 2.08 per ordinary share either in cash or in ordinary shares.   Shareholders who have elected to rece…,As announced on 29 February 2024  shareholders of NN Group N.V. (NN Group) were given the option to receive the final dividend for 2023 of EUR 2.08 per ordinary share either in cash or in ordinary shares.Shareholders who have elected to receive the final dividend in shares will receive one NN Group ordinary share for every 20.22 ordinary shares held. The stock fraction is based on the volume-weighted average price of EUR 42.0477 for NN Group shares on Euronext Amsterdam for the five trading days from 7 June 2024 up to and including 13 June 2024. Any remaining stock fractions will be paid in cash. The stock and cash dividend are approximately equal in value. For shareholders that have not made a choice during the election period  the dividend will be paid in cash.Shareholders representing approximately 41.0% of the outstanding number of shares have elected to receive the final dividend in ordinary shares. Consequently  5 524 775 ordinary shares will be delivered from NN Group treasury shares.NN Group will neutralise the dilutive effect of the stock dividend through the repurchase of ordinary shares for a total amount of EUR 232 million  equivalent to the value of the stock dividend. These share buybacks will be executed by financial intermediaries under a share buyback programme which is expected to end no later than 30 August 2024. The shares will be repurchased at a price that does not exceed the last independent trade or the highest current independent bid on the relevant trading platform. The share buyback programme will be executed within the limitations of the existing authority granted by the General Meeting on 24 May 2024  and will be performed in compliance with the safe harbour provisions for share buybacks. NN Group intends to cancel any repurchased NN Group shares under the programme unless used to cover obligations under share-based remuneration arrangements or to deliver stock dividend  if applicable.This programme is in addition to the existing share buyback programme for a total amount of EUR 300 million that was announced on 29 February 2024. NN Group reports on the progress of the share buyback programmes on its corporatewebsiteon a weekly basis.Payment of the dividend in cash  after deduction of withholding tax if applicable  or payment of the dividend in the form of ordinary shares  as well as settlement of fractions in cash will take place on 20 June 2024. As of the payment of the 2024 interim dividend  NN Group intends to pay dividends in cash only  after deduction of withholding tax if applicable.For further information: dividend policy and dividend history,neutral,0.06,0.92,0.02,neutral,0.02,0.94,0.04,True,English,"['NN N', 'Group aounces', 'stock fraction', '2023 final dividend', 'stock dividend', 'repurchase', 'shares', 'one NN Group ordinary share', 'highest current independent bid', 'NN Group N.V.', 'NN Group treasury shares', 'existing share buyback programme', 'last independent trade', 'share buyback programmes', 'five trading days', 'relevant trading platform', 'safe harbour provisions', 'share-based remuneration arrangements', 'volume-weighted average price', 'NN Group shares', 'remaining stock fractions', 'share buybacks', 'existing authority', 'ordinary shares', 'Euronext Amsterdam', 'election period', 'outstanding number', 'dilutive effect', 'total amount', 'financial intermediaries', 'General Meeting', 'withholding tax', 'final dividend', 'stock dividend', '2024 interim dividend', 'dividend policy', 'dividend history', 'cash dividend', '29 February', 'shareholders', 'option', '7 June', '13 June', 'value', 'choice', 'repurchase', '30 August', 'limitations', '24 May', 'compliance', 'obligations', 'addition', 'progress', 'corporatewebsiteon', 'weekly', 'Payment', 'deduction', 'settlement', 'place', '20 June', 'dividends', 'information', '2023']",2024-06-13,2024-06-14,marketscreener.com
42714,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,http://wwd.com/business-news/financial/golden-goose-ipo-milan-approved-1236433695/,Golden Goose Admitted to Publicly List in Milan,The admission to listing of Golden Goose shares on Euronext Milan has been approved by Borsa Italiana and Italy’s watchdog CONSOB.,MILAN — There’s now no impediment to the initial public offering of Golden Goose  as the admission to listing on Euronext Milan has been approved by Borsa Italiana and Italy’s watchdog CONSOB.As reported  the first day of trading is expected to be June 21 and the price range of Golden Goose shares has been set between 9.50 and 10.50 euros. This implies a market capitalization of approximately 1.69 billion to 1.86 billion euros for the Italian company.The offer period is expected to start Thursday and end on or around Tuesday. The final offer price is expected to be published on Wednesday.You May Also LikeThe IPO is aiming at strengthening the group’s capital structure  allowing operating investments and reducing the company’s debt  which last year amounted to 480 million euros.Yanmei Tang  analyst at Third Bridge  a primary research business servicing private equity firms  credit investors  hedge funds and strategy consultants  said: “Golden Goose has built a strong reputation in luxury sneakers  and its loyal customers have helped it stay strong over the past year and a half  even as inflation and uncertainty hit other brands hard. They broke new ground in the sneaker world by offering personalized laces as an add-on  rather than just tossing them in the box. It’s a quirky yet smart move that highlights the power of personalization.”Third Bridge experts “are bullish on Golden Goose’s margins  seeing room for further sneaker price hikes. Additionally  the acquisition of their largest manufacturer in Italy gives them a strong edge in cost control ” continued Tang  referring to the company’s vertically integrated Made in Italy production. Golden Goose sneakers are all handmade by artisans in Italy and  to further tighten control over production  the company acquired two of its primary suppliers  Italian Fashion Team Srl and Calzaturificio Sirio Srl  enabling it to internalize production of approximately 50 percent of volumes sold in 2023.“Golden Goose has massive growth potential if they expand beyond sneakers into apparel and accessories. However  our experts say their brand positioning and messaging need to be clearer ” Tang contended.Navina Rajan  senior private capital analyst at Seattle-based PitchBook  said the listing of Golden Goose “is another example of recovery in the PE-backed listings market  especially within the consumer beauty segment.” Rajan pointed to Puig’s “significant” IPO  which “added to the testing points for market sentiment ” and said that  “given the good performance of other listings so far this year such as Galderma and CVC  favorable proof points continue to add precedence for most listings from a full European IPO pipeline  where Golden Goose fits the profile — a high-margin business priced within a reasonable range versus comps.”Puig  the owner of brands such as Rabanne  Carolina Herrera and Jean Paul Gaultier  raised 2.6 billion euros for its founding family on its first day of trading in Barcelona last month  the largest float in Europe so far in 2024 and the biggest in Spain since 2015.Asked what Golden Goose’s IPO means for European public offerings and the company’s future  Virginie Blot  product experience management evangelist at Akeneo  said that  “unlike mass-market brands  niche brands like Golden Goose offer distinct products that cater to specific tastes  fostering deep connections with their customers. Historically  similar brands to this have remained private  often due to concerns about maintaining control and preserving brand heritage  but Golden Goose’s IPO can serve as an example that going public doesn’t necessarily dilute brand identity. Instead  it can provide the capital needed to provide personalized  authentic customer experiences at scale.”Golden Goose has been attracting younger shoppers with intentionally distressed  “lived-in” luxury  which responds to “a deep-seated desire for authenticity. Younger shoppers value products that are not just items  but unique pieces that tell a story and exude character  and the deliberate imperfections and crafted wear-and-tear of ‘lived-in’ luxury embody that desire.”Thirty percent of Golden Goose capital will be floated by the current sole shareholder of the company  Astrum SapA of Astrum 4 Srl & C. In 2020  the company was acquired by the private equity fund Permira from the Carlyle Europe buyout fund. The price tag was 1.28 billion euros.Funds advised by Invesco Advisers Inc. have undertaken to acquire shares at the final offer price  for an amount of 100 million euros  acting as cornerstone investors.There will be a lock-up of 180 days from the listing date for the selling shareholder and the company  and 360 days for selected members of management. Chief executive officer Silvio Campara will stay on in his role and as an investor.Golden Goose’s signature sneaker is the Superstar  introduced in 2007  and the brand has since launched more than 20 new models  but Campara is expanding its product offer with ready-to-wear and accessories. DTC accounted for 74 percent of revenues last year and comprises a network of 195 directly operated stores.In a statement issued earlier this week  Golden Goose  which was established in 2000  said the company is pursuing a growth strategy based on five pillars: continue nurturing leadership in sneakers; amplify brand awareness globally; evolve the group’s global presence; enhance the brand’s experiential journey  and selectively leverage new categories.From 2021 to 2023  Golden Goose reported a 23 percent compound annual growth rate in revenues and an earnings before interest  taxes  depreciation and amortization adjusted margin of around 34 percent last year.In 2023  the company registered sales of 587 million euros  an increase of 18 percent compared with 500.9 million euros in 2022  an adjusted EBITDA of 200 million euros  increasing 19 percent  and an adjusted operating profit 149 million euros  growing 22 percent.In the first quarter of the year  revenues amounted to 148 million euros  up 11 percent compared with the same period in 2023  and an adjusted EBITDA of 54 million euros  growing 17 percent compared to the first quarter last year.,neutral,0.05,0.94,0.01,mixed,0.31,0.29,0.4,True,English,"['Golden Goose', 'Milan', 'Chief executive officer Silvio Campara', 'quirky yet smart move', 'personalized, authentic customer experiences', 'Italian Fashion Team Srl', 'Carlyle Europe buyout fund', 'full European IPO pipeline', 'product experience management evangelist', 'senior private capital analyst', 'private equity fund', 'European public offerings', 'private equity firms', 'initial public offering', 'Calzaturificio Sirio Srl', 'massive growth potential', 'consumer beauty segment', 'Jean Paul Gaultier', 'Invesco Advisers Inc.', 'favorable proof points', 'current sole shareholder', 'final offer price', 'primary research business', 'sneaker price hikes', 'PE-backed listings market', 'Third Bridge experts', 'Golden Goose capital', 'Golden Goose shares', 'Golden Goose sneakers', 'product offer', 'personalized laces', 'Astrum 4 Srl', 'price range', 'price tag', 'offer period', 'capital structure', 'primary suppliers', 'testing points', 'high-margin business', 'selling shareholder', 'market capitalization', 'sneaker world', 'market sentiment', 'other listings', 'most listings', 'signature sneaker', 'Italian company', 'Borsa Italiana', 'first day', 'The IPO', 'operating investments', 'credit investors', 'strategy consultants', 'strong reputation', 'past year', 'new ground', 'largest manufacturer', 'strong edge', 'Seattle-based PitchBook', 'significant” IPO', 'good performance', 'reasonable range', 'Carolina Herrera', 'founding family', 'largest float', 'Virginie Blot', 'specific tastes', 'younger shoppers', 'unique pieces', 'deliberate imperfections', 'Astrum SapA', 'cornerstone investors', '20 new models', 'other brands', 'mass-market brands', 'niche brands', 'similar brands', 'brand positioning', 'brand heritage', 'brand identity', 'luxury sneakers', 'luxury embody', 'Euronext Milan', 'hedge funds', 'loyal customers', 'Navina Rajan', 'distinct products', 'deep connections', 'seated desire', 'Yanmei Tang', 'cost control', 'Thirty percent', 'listing date', '1.86 billion euros', '2.6 billion euros', '100 million euros', 'Italy production', '10.50 euros', '1.69 billion', '480 million', '1.28 billion', '50 percent', '74 percent', 'impediment', 'admission', 'watchdog', 'CONSOB', 'trading', 'June', 'Thursday', 'Tuesday', 'Wednesday', 'group', 'debt', 'half', 'inflation', 'uncertainty', 'add', 'box', 'power', 'personalization', 'margins', 'room', 'acquisition', 'artisans', 'volumes', 'apparel', 'accessories', 'messaging', 'example', 'recovery', 'Puig', 'Galderma', 'CVC', 'precedence', 'profile', 'comps', 'owner', 'Rabanne', 'Barcelona', 'Spain', 'future', 'Akeneo', 'concerns', 'scale', 'authenticity', 'items', 'story', 'character', 'wear', 'tear', 'Permira', 'amount', 'lock-up', '360 days', 'members', 'role', 'Superstar', 'DTC', 'revenues', '9.50', '180']",2024-06-13,2024-06-14,wwd.com
42715,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/MONDELEZ-INTERNATIONAL-IN-11499018/news/Mondel-z-International-and-Lotus-Bakeries-Join-Forces-to-Expand-the-Biscoff-Brand-in-India-and-Cr-46962871/,Mondelēz International and Lotus Bakeries Join Forces to Expand the Biscoff® Brand in India and Create Co-Branded Chocolate Innovations in Key Markets,(marketscreener.com) Mondelēz to manufacture  market  distribute and sell Lotus Biscoff® brand in India  significantly expanding its presence in the Indian cookie marketCompanies to develop co-branded chocolate innovations combining Biscoff® with Cadbury  Mil…,Mondelēz to manufacture  market  distribute and sell Lotus Biscoff ® brand in India  significantly expanding its presence in the Indian cookie marketbrand in India  significantly expanding its presence in the Indian cookie market Companies to develop co-branded chocolate innovations combining Biscoff® with Cadbury  Milka and other key brands in Europe  with option to expand globallyCHICAGO and LEMBEKE  Belgium  June 13  2024 (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) -- Mondelēz International (Nasdaq: MDLZ) and Lotus Bakeries (Euronext: LOTB) today announced a strategic partnership to expand and grow the Lotus Biscoff® cookie brand in India  and to develop exciting new chocolate products combining the unique  caramelized  crunchy Biscoff® taste and texture with Mondelēz’s iconic Cadbury  Milka and other key chocolate brands in Europe  with the option to expand globally. This partnership provides new opportunities for both companies to accelerate their growth ambitions in the attractive cookie and chocolate categories  with potential options to expand into additional markets and/or adjacent segments.Through this partnership  Mondelēz will leverage its extensive distribution network and local market presence to manufacture  market  distribute and sell Biscoff® cookies in India. Lotus Bakeries aims to achieve significant visibility and sales growth in this high-potential market  while Mondelēz will build upon its already strong presence in both traditional and modern trade to expand its cookie offerings into high-demand premium spaces.In addition to growing Biscoff® in India  the two companies will work together to develop and market co-branded chocolate products in other markets. While specific formats are still in the early stages of development  the companies aim to bring new innovations to the chocolate category that will surprise and delight consumers. The first co-branded products are expected to launch in early 2025  with Cadbury and Biscoff® in the United Kingdom  as well as Milka and Biscoff® in Europe.“We look forward to partnering with Lotus Bakeries to expand the Biscoff® brand in India  where it already has a loyal following among key consumer segments ” said Dirk Van de Put  Chair and CEO  Mondelez International. “This partnership will help accelerate our strategic focus on the cookies category by introducing a premium brand that is widely loved in numerous markets to a much wider audience. At the same time  we look forward to co-developing new  innovative chocolate flavors and formats in Europe  which will strengthen consumers’ already enduring loyalty to our two companies’ iconic brands.”“We are thrilled to join forces with the world’s number-one cookie player  Mondelēz International  and we are grateful for their belief in our Biscoff® brand ” said Jan Boone  CEO  Lotus Bakeries. “We look forward to building on their commercial expertise and market-specific knowledge and presence in India  and we believe now is the right time to expand our distribution in this growing market. Additionally  we are excited to add our Biscoff® brand to one of the world’s leading chocolate companies. Our delicious flavors complement each other perfectly  and we’re confident that our shared commitment to innovation and quality will delight customers and consumers.”About Mondelēz InternationalMondelēz International  Inc. (Nasdaq: MDLZ) empowers people to snack right in over 150 countries around the world. With 2023 net revenues of approximately $36 billion  MDLZ is leading the future of snacking with iconic global and local brands such as Oreo  Ritz  LU  Clif Bar and Tate's Bake Shop biscuits and baked snacks  as well as Cadbury Dairy Milk  Milka and Toblerone chocolate. Mondelēz International is a proud member of the Standard and Poor’s 500  Nasdaq 100 and Dow Jones Sustainability Index. Visit www.mondelezinternational.com or follow the company on Twitter at www.twitter.com/MDLZ.About Lotus BakeriesLotus Bakeries  founded in 1932  operates worldwide in the indulgent and natural snacking segment with brands including Lotus®  Biscoff®  nākd®  TREK®  BEAR®  Kiddylicious®  Peter’s Yard®  Dinosaurus®  Peijnenburg® and Annas®. Headquartered in Belgium  Lotus Bakeries is a dynamic and internationally oriented company with production facilities in Belgium  the Netherlands  France  Sweden  South Africa and the United States. A third production facility for Biscoff® is currently under construction in Thailand and will be operational by 2026. It has 23 sales organizations in Europe  America  Asia and Australia. Lotus Bakeries also works with commercial partners in approximately fifty countries worldwide. Lotus Bakeries has around 3 000 employees and achieved a revenue of EUR 1 063.0 million in 2023. Lotus Bakeries is listed on Euronext Brussels and included in the indexes of STOXX Europe 600®  MSCI Developed Europe®  FTSE All-World® and BEL20®. The majority of shares are owned by the Boone and Stevens family. Visit www.lotusbakeries.com or follow the company on LinkedIn.Forward-Looking StatementsThis press release contains forward-looking statements. Words  and variations of words  such as “will ” “may ” “expect ” “plan ” “continue” and similar expressions are intended to identify these forward-looking statements  including  but not limited to  statements of belief or expectation and statements about Mondelēz International’s leadership position in snacking. These forward-looking statements are subject to change and to inherent risks and uncertainties  many of which are beyond Mondelēz International’s control  which could cause Mondelēz International’s actual results or outcomes to differ materially from those projected or assumed in these forward-looking statements. Please also see Mondelēz International’s risk factors  as they may be amended from time to time  set forth in its filings with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission  including its most recently filed Annual Report on Form 10-K and subsequent Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q. There may be other factors not presently known to Mondelēz International or which it currently considers to be immaterial that could cause Mondelēz International’s actual results to differ materially from those projected in any forward-looking statements it makes. Mondelēz International disclaims and does not undertake any obligation to update or revise any forward-looking statement in this press release  except as required by applicable law or regulation.Contact: Tracey Noe (Media) Emma Van Praet +1 847 943 5678 + 32 9 376 69 20 news@mdlz.com corporate@lotusbakeries.comShep Dunlap (Investors) +1 847 943 5454 ir@mdlz.comA photo accompanying this announcement is available at https://www.globenewswire.com/NewsRoom/AttachmentNg/d5f7b348-7163-423b-89f6-35a66f260fb1,neutral,0.02,0.98,0.0,positive,0.75,0.24,0.02,True,English,"['Mondelēz International', 'Co-Branded Chocolate Innovations', 'Lotus Bakeries', 'Biscoff® Brand', 'Key Markets', 'Forces', 'India', 'unique, caramelized, crunchy Biscoff® taste', 'Dirk Van de Put', 'Dow Jones Sustainability Index', 'new, innovative chocolate flavors', 'Indian cookie market brand', 'exciting new chocolate products', 'Indian cookie market Companies', 'other key chocolate brands', 'two companies’ iconic brands', 'Lotus Biscoff® cookie brand', 'number-one cookie player', 'other key brands', 'Bake Shop biscuits', 'natural snacking segment', 'key consumer segments', 'high-demand premium spaces', 'third production facility', 'leading chocolate companies', 'extensive distribution network', 'Mondelēz International', 'Cadbury Dairy Milk', 'internationally oriented company', 'Lotus Biscoff ® brand', 'local market presence', 'local brands', 'premium brand', 'attractive cookie', 'cookie offerings', 'new opportunities', 'other markets', 'new innovations', 'delicious flavors', 'Mondelez International', 'chocolate innovations', 'chocolate categories', 'chocolate category', 'Toblerone chocolate', 'Biscoff® brand', 'high-potential market', 'growing market', 'iconic global', 'adjacent segments', 'production facilities', 'iconic Cadbury', 'Lotus Bakeries', 'GLOBE NEWSWIRE', 'growth ambitions', 'potential options', 'additional markets', 'Biscoff® cookies', 'significant visibility', 'sales growth', 'modern trade', 'early stages', 'branded products', 'United Kingdom', 'loyal following', 'strategic focus', 'cookies category', 'numerous markets', 'wider audience', 'same time', 'enduring loyalty', 'commercial expertise', 'market-specific knowledge', 'right time', '2023 net revenues', 'Clif Bar', 'baked snacks', 'proud member', 'nākd®', 'South Africa', 'United States', '23 sales organizations', 'commercial partners', 'Stevens family', 'Forward-Looking Statements', 'press release', 'strong presence', 'specific formats', 'Jan Boone', 'fifty countries', 'Euronext Brussels', 'strategic partnership', 'STOXX Europe', 'Lotus®', '150 countries', 'Milka', 'CHICAGO', 'LEMBEKE', 'Belgium', 'June', 'Nasdaq', 'MDLZ', 'LOTB', 'texture', 'traditional', 'development', 'consumers', 'first', 'Chair', 'CEO', 'forces', 'world', 'belief', 'commitment', 'quality', 'customers', 'people', 'future', 'Oreo', 'Ritz', 'LU', 'Standard', 'Poor', 'mondelezinternational', 'Twitter', 'indulgent', 'TREK®', 'BEAR®', 'Kiddylicious', 'Peter', 'Yard®', 'Dinosaurus', 'Peijnenburg', 'Annas', 'dynamic', 'Netherlands', 'France', 'Sweden', 'construction', 'Thailand', 'America', 'Asia', 'Australia', '3,000 employees', 'indexes', 'MSCI', 'FTSE', 'BEL20', 'majority', 'shares', 'lotusbakeries', 'LinkedIn']",2024-06-13,2024-06-14,marketscreener.com
42716,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.investing.com/news/press-releases/stellantis-reiterates-2024-financial-guidance-and-h1h2-color-updated-capital-framework-supports-strong-returns-93CH-3482439,Stellantis Reiterates 2024 Financial Guidance and H1/H2 Color Updated Capital Framework Supports Strong Returns,Stellantis Reiterates 2024 Financial Guidance and H1/H2 Color Updated Capital Framework Supports Strong Returns,Stellantis Reiterates 2024 Financial Guidance and H1/H2 ColorUpdated Capital Framework Supports Strong ReturnsAMSTERDAM  June 13  2024 “ Today at the first Stellantis Investor Day at 8:00 a.m. EDT / 2:00 p.m. CEST in Auburn Hills  Michigan  U.S.  CEO Carlos Tavares will outline the Company's nine key strategic differentiators that the Company is leveraging to unlock value and address the disruption and reinvention of the auto industry worldwide.Chief Financial Officer Natalie Knight and other members of the Top Executive Team will share updates on the Company's regions  functions and brands.Stellantis management confirms its 2024 financial guidance and capital return plan:Double-digit Adjusted Operating Income (AOI) margin and positive industrial free cash flows.Capital Return: Delivering ‰¥ €7.7 billion in dividends and buybacks in 2024.CFO Natalie Knight will reiterate more specific color on first and second-half expectations within the 2024 period:H1 outlook of 10-11% AOI margin  with industrial free cash flows visibly below the prior year period.Significant product launches  cost initiatives and anticipated improvement in working capital together support H2 sequential improvement opportunity in AOI and industrial free cash flow.Stellantis is also updating its capital plan in several significant ways:Setting target liquidity levels of 25-30% of revenues for the medium-term  shifting focus to capital efficiency and supporting strong shareholder returns.The Company will continue to use share buybacks and ordinary dividends to return excess cash to shareholders.In 2025  Stellantis will target the upper range of its 25-30% dividend payout policy vs. 25% in recent years.A webcast of the live event is available at:https://stellantis-ir-day-june-13-2024.open-exchange.net/registrationDetails for watching the Stellantis Investor Day are also available under the Investors section of the Company's website (www.stellantis.com). The presentation material will be available at the beginning of the event.# # #About StellantisStellantis N.V. (NYSE: ) (NYSE: STLA / Euronext Milan: STLAM / Euronext Paris: STLAP) is one of the world's leading automakers aiming to provide clean  safe and affordable freedom of mobility to all. It's best known for its unique portfolio of iconic and innovative brands including Abarth  Alfa Romeo  Chrysler  CitroÃ«n  Dodge  DS Automobiles  FIAT  Jeep ®  Lancia  Maserati  Opel  Peugeot (OTC: )  Ram  Vauxhall  Free2move and Leasys. Stellantis is executing its Dare Forward 2030  a bold strategic plan that paves the way to achieve the ambitious target of becoming a carbon net zero mobility tech company by 2038  with single-digit percentage compensation of the remaining emissions  while creating added value for all stakeholders. For more information  visit http://www.stellantis.com.@Stellantis Stellantis Stellantis StellantisFor more information  contact:Nathalie ROUSSEL +33 6 87 77 41 82 “Shawn MORGAN 1 248 760 2621 “ shawn.morgan@stellantis.comcommunications@stellantis.comwww.stellantis.comFORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTSThis communication contains forward-looking statements. In particular  statements regarding future events and anticipated results of operations  business strategies  the anticipated benefits of the proposed transaction  future financial and operating results  the anticipated closing date for the proposed transaction and other anticipated aspects of our operations or operating results are forward-looking statements. These statements may include terms such as may  will  expect  could  should  intend  estimate  anticipate  believe  remain  on track  design  target  objective  goal  forecast  projection  outlook  prospects  plan  or similar terms. Forward-looking statements are not guarantees of future performance. Rather  they are based on Stellantis' current state of knowledge  future expectations and projections about future events and are by their nature  subject to inherent risks and uncertainties. They relate to events and depend on circumstances that may or may not occur or exist in the future and  as such  undue reliance should not be placed on them.Actual results may differ materially from those expressed in forward-looking statements as a result of a variety of factors  including: the ability of Stellantis to launch new products successfully and to maintain vehicle shipment volumes; changes in the global financial markets  general economic environment and changes in demand for automotive products  which is subject to cyclicality; Stellantis' ability to successfully manage the industry-wide transition from internal combustion engines to full electrification; Stellantis' ability to offer innovative  attractive products and to develop  manufacture and sell vehicles with advanced features including enhanced electrification  connectivity and autonomous-driving characteristics; Stellantis' ability to produce or procure electric batteries with competitive performance  cost and at required volumes; Stellantis' ability to successfully launch new businesses and integrate acquisitions; a significant malfunction  disruption or security breach compromising information technology systems or the electronic control systems contained in Stellantis' vehicles; exchange rate fluctuations  interest rate changes  credit risk and other market risks; increases in costs  disruptions of supply or shortages of raw materials  parts  components and systems used in Stellantis' vehicles; changes in local economic and political conditions; changes in trade policy  the imposition of global and regional tariffs or tariffs targeted to the automotive industry  the enactment of tax reforms or other changes in tax laws and regulations; the level of governmental economic incentives available to support the adoption of battery electric vehicles; the impact of increasingly stringent regulations regarding fuel efficiency requirements and reduced greenhouse gas and tailpipe emissions; various types of claims  lawsuits  governmental investigations and other contingencies  including product liability and warranty claims and environmental claims  investigations and lawsuits; material operating expenditures in relation to compliance with environmental  health and safety regulations; the level of competition in the automotive industry  which may increase due to consolidation and new entrants; Stellantis' ability to attract and retain experienced management and employees; exposure to shortfalls in the funding of Stellantis' defined benefit pension plans; Stellantis' ability to provide or arrange for access to adequate financing for dealers and retail customers and associated risks related to the operations of financial services companies; Stellantis' ability to access funding to execute its business plan; Stellantis' ability to realize anticipated benefits from joint venture arrangements; disruptions arising from political  social and economic instability; risks associated with Stellantis' relationships with employees  dealers and suppliers; Stellantis' ability to maintain effective internal controls over financial reporting; developments in labor and industrial relations and developments in applicable labor laws; earthquakes or other disasters; risks and other items described in Stellantis' Annual Report on Form 20-F for the year ended December 31  2023 and Current Reports on Form 6-K and amendments thereto filed with the SEC; and other risks and uncertainties.Any forward-looking statements contained in this communication speak only as of the date of this document and Stellantis disclaims any obligation to update or revise publicly forward-looking statements. Further information concerning Stellantis and its businesses  including factors that could materially affect Stellantis' financial results  is included in Stellantis' reports and filings with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission and AFM.AttachmentEN-20240613-Investor-Day-Financial-Guidance-Confirmation-FINALSource: STELLANTIS N.V,neutral,0.15,0.84,0.01,mixed,0.44,0.31,0.25,True,English,"['H1/H2 Color Updated Capital Framework', '2024 Financial Guidance', 'Strong Returns', 'Stellantis', 'carbon net zero mobility tech company', 'Double-digit Adjusted Operating Income (AOI) margin', 'positive industrial free cash flows', 'H1/H2 Color Updated Capital Framework', 'Chief Financial Officer Natalie Knight', '25-30% dividend payout policy', 'nine key strategic differentiators', 'H2 sequential improvement opportunity', 'CFO Natalie Knight', 'first Stellantis Investor Day', '10-11% AOI margin', 'CEO Carlos Tavares', 'Top Executive Team', 'Significant product launches', 'several significant ways', 'single-digit percentage compensation', 'general economic environment', 'internal combustion engines', 'global financial markets', 'bold strategic plan', 'vehicle shipment volumes', 'prior year period', 'target liquidity levels', 'strong shareholder returns', 'innovative, attractive products', 'other anticipated aspects', 'capital return plan', 'Stellantis N.V.', 'excess cash', 'specific color', 'operating results', 'Strong Returns', '2024 Financial Guidance', 'capital plan', 'future financial', 'other members', 'capital efficiency', 'CitroÃ«n', 'required volumes', 'new products', 'automotive products', 'Auburn Hills', 'U.S.', 'auto industry', 'second-half expectations', 'The Company', 'upper range', 'recent years', 'Investors section', 'presentation material', 'Euronext Milan', 'Euronext Paris', 'leading automakers', 'clean, safe', 'affordable freedom', 'unique portfolio', 'innovative brands', 'Alfa Romeo', 'DS Automobiles', 'ambitious target', 'remaining emissions', 'Nathalie ROUSSEL', 'anticipated results', 'business strategies', 'closing date', 'current state', 'inherent risks', 'undue reliance', 'Actual results', 'industry-wide transition', 'advanced features', 'autonomous-driving characteristics', 'electric batteries', 'competitive performance', 'future performance', 'future expectations', 'FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS', 'H1 outlook', 'cost initiatives', 'share buybacks', 'ordinary dividends', 'live event', 'Shawn MORGAN', 'future events', 'similar terms', 'full electrification', 'Stellantis management', 'Stellantis Stellantis', '2024 period', 'AMSTERDAM', '8:00 a', 'CEST', 'Michigan', 'value', 'disruption', 'reinvention', 'updates', 'regions', 'functions', 'revenues', 'medium-term', 'focus', 'shareholders', 'webcast', 'june', 'exchange', 'registration', 'Details', 'website', 'beginning', 'NYSE', 'STLA', 'world', 'iconic', 'Abarth', 'Chrysler', 'Dodge', 'FIAT', 'Jeep', 'Lancia', 'Maserati', 'Opel', 'Peugeot', 'OTC', 'Vauxhall', 'Free2move', 'Leasys', 'Dare', 'stakeholders', 'information', 'communication', 'operations', 'benefits', 'transaction', 'track', 'design', 'objective', 'goal', 'forecast', 'projection', 'prospects', 'guarantees', 'knowledge', 'nature', 'uncertainties', 'circumstances', 'variety', 'factors', 'ability', 'changes', 'demand', 'cyclicality', 'vehicles', 'enhanced', 'connectivity', '2:00']",2024-06-13,2024-06-14,investing.com
42717,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/STELLANTIS-N-V-117814143/news/Stellantis-Reiterates-2024-Financial-Guidance-and-H1-H2-Color-Updated-Capital-Framework-Supports-Str-46963179/,Stellantis Reiterates 2024 Financial Guidance and H1/H2 Color Updated Capital Framework Supports Strong Returns,(marketscreener.com) Stellantis Reiterates 2024 Financial Guidance and H1/H2 ColorUpdated Capital Framework Supports Strong Returns AMSTERDAM  June 13  2024 – Today at the first Stellantis Investor Day at 8:00 a.m. EDT / 2:00 p.m. CEST in Auburn Hills  Michig…,Stellantis Reiterates 2024 Financial Guidance and H1/H2 ColorUpdated Capital Framework Supports Strong ReturnsAMSTERDAM  June 13  2024 – Today at the first Stellantis Investor Day at 8:00 a.m. EDT / 2:00 p.m. CEST in Auburn Hills  Michigan  U.S.  CEO Carlos Tavares will outline the Company’s nine key strategic differentiators that the Company is leveraging to unlock value and address the disruption and reinvention of the auto industry worldwide.Chief Financial Officer Natalie Knight and other members of the Top Executive Team will share updates on the Company’s regions  functions and brands.Stellantis management confirms its 2024 financial guidance and capital return plan:Double-digit Adjusted Operating Income (AOI) margin and positive industrial free cash flows.Capital Return: Delivering ≥€7.7 billion in dividends and buybacks in 2024.CFO Natalie Knight will reiterate more specific color on first and second-half expectations within the 2024 period:H1 outlook of 10-11% AOI margin  with industrial free cash flows visibly below the prior year period.Significant product launches  cost initiatives and anticipated improvement in working capital together support H2 sequential improvement opportunity in AOI and industrial free cash flow.Stellantis is also updating its capital plan in several significant ways:Setting target liquidity levels of 25-30% of revenues for the medium-term  shifting focus to capital efficiency and supporting strong shareholder returns.The Company will continue to use share buybacks and ordinary dividends to return excess cash to shareholders.In 2025  Stellantis will target the upper range of its 25-30% dividend payout policy vs. 25% in recent years.A webcast of the live event is available at:https://stellantis-ir-day-june-13-2024.open-exchange.net/registrationDetails for watching the Stellantis Investor Day are also available under the Investors section of the Company’s website (www.stellantis.com). The presentation material will be available at the beginning of the event.# # #About StellantisStellantis N.V. (NYSE: STLA / Euronext Milan: STLAM / Euronext Paris: STLAP) is one of the world’s leading automakers aiming to provide clean  safe and affordable freedom of mobility to all. It’s best known for its unique portfolio of iconic and innovative brands including Abarth  Alfa Romeo  Chrysler  Citroën  Dodge  DS Automobiles  FIAT  Jeep ®   Lancia  Maserati  Opel  Peugeot  Ram  Vauxhall  Free2move and Leasys. Stellantis is executing its Dare Forward 2030  a bold strategic plan that paves the way to achieve the ambitious target of becoming a carbon net zero mobility tech company by 2038  with single-digit percentage compensation of the remaining emissions  while creating added value for all stakeholders. For more information  visit http://www.stellantis.com.@Stellantis Stellantis Stellantis StellantisFor more information  contact:Nathalie ROUSSEL +33 6 87 77 41 82 –Shawn MORGAN 1 248 760 2621 – shawn.morgan@stellantis.comcommunications@stellantis.comwww.stellantis.comFORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTSThis communication contains forward-looking statements. In particular  statements regarding future events and anticipated results of operations  business strategies  the anticipated benefits of the proposed transaction  future financial and operating results  the anticipated closing date for the proposed transaction and other anticipated aspects of our operations or operating results are forward-looking statements. These statements may include terms such as “may”  “will”  “expect”  “could”  “should”  “intend”  “estimate”  “anticipate”  “believe”  “remain”  “on track”  “design”  “target”  “objective”  “goal”  “forecast”  “projection”  “outlook”  “prospects”  “plan”  or similar terms. Forward-looking statements are not guarantees of future performance. Rather  they are based on Stellantis’ current state of knowledge  future expectations and projections about future events and are by their nature  subject to inherent risks and uncertainties. They relate to events and depend on circumstances that may or may not occur or exist in the future and  as such  undue reliance should not be placed on them.Actual results may differ materially from those expressed in forward-looking statements as a result of a variety of factors  including: the ability of Stellantis to launch new products successfully and to maintain vehicle shipment volumes; changes in the global financial markets  general economic environment and changes in demand for automotive products  which is subject to cyclicality; Stellantis’ ability to successfully manage the industry-wide transition from internal combustion engines to full electrification; Stellantis’ ability to offer innovative  attractive products and to develop  manufacture and sell vehicles with advanced features including enhanced electrification  connectivity and autonomous-driving characteristics; Stellantis’ ability to produce or procure electric batteries with competitive performance  cost and at required volumes; Stellantis’ ability to successfully launch new businesses and integrate acquisitions; a significant malfunction  disruption or security breach compromising information technology systems or the electronic control systems contained in Stellantis’ vehicles; exchange rate fluctuations  interest rate changes  credit risk and other market risks; increases in costs  disruptions of supply or shortages of raw materials  parts  components and systems used in Stellantis’ vehicles; changes in local economic and political conditions; changes in trade policy  the imposition of global and regional tariffs or tariffs targeted to the automotive industry  the enactment of tax reforms or other changes in tax laws and regulations; the level of governmental economic incentives available to support the adoption of battery electric vehicles; the impact of increasingly stringent regulations regarding fuel efficiency requirements and reduced greenhouse gas and tailpipe emissions; various types of claims  lawsuits  governmental investigations and other contingencies  including product liability and warranty claims and environmental claims  investigations and lawsuits; material operating expenditures in relation to compliance with environmental  health and safety regulations; the level of competition in the automotive industry  which may increase due to consolidation and new entrants; Stellantis’ ability to attract and retain experienced management and employees; exposure to shortfalls in the funding of Stellantis’ defined benefit pension plans; Stellantis’ ability to provide or arrange for access to adequate financing for dealers and retail customers and associated risks related to the operations of financial services companies; Stellantis’ ability to access funding to execute its business plan; Stellantis’ ability to realize anticipated benefits from joint venture arrangements; disruptions arising from political  social and economic instability; risks associated with Stellantis’ relationships with employees  dealers and suppliers; Stellantis’ ability to maintain effective internal controls over financial reporting; developments in labor and industrial relations and developments in applicable labor laws; earthquakes or other disasters; risks and other items described in Stellantis’ Annual Report on Form 20-F for the year ended December 31  2023 and Current Reports on Form 6-K and amendments thereto filed with the SEC; and other risks and uncertainties.Any forward-looking statements contained in this communication speak only as of the date of this document and Stellantis disclaims any obligation to update or revise publicly forward-looking statements. Further information concerning Stellantis and its businesses  including factors that could materially affect Stellantis’ financial results  is included in Stellantis’ reports and filings with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission and AFM.Attachment,neutral,0.15,0.84,0.01,mixed,0.51,0.33,0.16,True,English,"['H1/H2 Color Updated Capital Framework', '2024 Financial Guidance', 'Strong Returns', 'Stellantis', 'carbon net zero mobility tech company', 'Double-digit Adjusted Operating Income (AOI) margin', 'positive industrial free cash flows', 'H1/H2 Color Updated Capital Framework', 'Chief Financial Officer Natalie Knight', '25-30% dividend payout policy', 'nine key strategic differentiators', 'H2 sequential improvement opportunity', 'CFO Natalie Knight', 'first Stellantis Investor Day', '10-11% AOI margin', 'CEO Carlos Tavares', 'Top Executive Team', 'Significant product launches', 'several significant ways', 'single-digit percentage compensation', 'general economic environment', 'internal combustion engines', 'global financial markets', 'bold strategic plan', 'vehicle shipment volumes', 'prior year period', 'target liquidity levels', 'strong shareholder returns', 'innovative, attractive products', 'other anticipated aspects', 'capital return plan', 'Stellantis N.V.', 'excess cash', 'specific color', 'operating results', 'Strong Returns', '2024 Financial Guidance', 'capital plan', 'future financial', 'other members', 'capital efficiency', 'Citroën', 'required volumes', 'new products', 'automotive products', 'Auburn Hills', 'U.S.', 'auto industry', 'second-half expectations', 'The Company', 'upper range', 'recent years', 'Investors section', 'presentation material', 'Euronext Milan', 'Euronext Paris', 'leading automakers', 'clean, safe', 'affordable freedom', 'unique portfolio', 'innovative brands', 'Alfa Romeo', 'DS Automobiles', 'ambitious target', 'remaining emissions', 'Nathalie ROUSSEL', 'anticipated results', 'business strategies', 'closing date', 'current state', 'inherent risks', 'undue reliance', 'Actual results', 'industry-wide transition', 'advanced features', 'autonomous-driving characteristics', 'electric batteries', 'competitive performance', 'future performance', 'future expectations', 'FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS', 'H1 outlook', 'cost initiatives', 'share buybacks', 'ordinary dividends', 'live event', 'future events', 'similar terms', 'full electrification', 'Stellantis management', 'Shawn MORGAN', 'Stellantis Stellantis', '2024 period', 'AMSTERDAM', 'June', '8:00 a', 'CEST', 'Michigan', 'value', 'disruption', 'reinvention', 'updates', 'regions', 'functions', 'revenues', 'medium-term', 'focus', 'shareholders', 'webcast', 'exchange', 'registration', 'Details', 'website', 'beginning', 'NYSE', 'STLA', 'world', 'iconic', 'Abarth', 'Chrysler', 'Dodge', 'FIAT', 'Jeep ®', 'Lancia', 'Maserati', 'Opel', 'Peugeot', 'Vauxhall', 'Free2move', 'Leasys', 'Dare', 'stakeholders', 'information', 'communication', 'operations', 'benefits', 'transaction', 'may', 'track', 'design', 'objective', 'forecast', 'projection', 'prospects', 'guarantees', 'knowledge', 'nature', 'uncertainties', 'circumstances', 'variety', 'factors', 'ability', 'changes', 'demand', 'cyclicality', 'vehicles', 'enhanced', 'connectivity', '2:00']",2024-06-13,2024-06-14,marketscreener.com
42718,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/WORLDLINE-16783982/news/Worldline-2024-General-meeting-Approval-of-all-resolutions-Press-Release-46969104/,Worldline : 2024 General meeting Approval of all resolutions Press Release,(marketscreener.com)   Worldline - 2024 General meeting - Approval of all resolutions - Press Release      13 Jun 2024 18:36 CEST    Subscribe     Issuer   WORLDLINE      Worldline's Shareholders Meeting and...https://www.marketscre…,"Worldline - 2024 General meeting - Approval of all resolutions - Press ReleaseWorldline's Shareholders Meeting andBoard of Directors of June 13  2024Paris La Défense  June 13  2024 - Worldline [Euronext: WLN]  a global leader in payment services held today its Shareholders' Meeting chaired by Mr. Georges Pauget  Interim Chairman of the Board of Directors. Following the Shareholders' Meeting and as announced on March 21  2024  the Board of Directors decided  upon recommendation of the Nomination Committee  to appoint Mr. Wilfried Verstraete as Chairman of the Board of Directors.Shareholders' Meeting held on June 13  2024At today's meeting  shareholders adopted all the resolutions submitted by the Board of Directors  in particular:the Company and consolidated accounts for the financial year ended on December 31 st   2023;  2023; the renewal of the term of office as director of Mrs. Nazan Somer Özelgin and Mr. Daniel Schmucki  for a period of three years;the ratification of the co-optation of Mr. Wilfried Verstraete as director and its re-appointment for a new term of office of three years; andthe appointment of three new directors  Mrs. Agnès Park  Mrs. Sylvia Steinmann andMr. Olivier Gavalda for a period of three years.Following the Shareholders' Meeting  as previously announced  the Board of Directors is now composed of 14 directors  including two employee directors. The Board of Directors comprises 58% independent directors  42% women and 67% directors of foreign nationality (other than the employee directors).Furthermore  the shareholders approved the appointment of Deloitte & Associés as statutory auditors responsible for certifying sustainability information for the remainder of its term of office as statutory auditors  i.e. for a period of four years.The Shareholders' Meeting also approved the components of compensation and benefits for 2023 granted to:Mr. Bernard Bourigeaud  Chairman of the Board of Directors until December 14  2023;Mr. Georges Pauget  Interim Chairman as of December 15  2023;Mr. Gilles Grapinet  Chief Executive Officer; andMr. Marc-Henri Desportes  Deputy Chief Executive Officer.The Shareholders' Meeting also approved the 2024 compensation policies of the corporate officers.The voting results of the Shareholders' Meeting and the full broadcast are available on the Company's website: www.investors.worldline.com/en/general-meeting-of-shareholders.Appointment of Wilfried Verstraete as Chairman of the Board of Directors and governance updateAfter the Shareholders' Meeting  the Board of Directors unanimously decided  upon recommendation of the Nomination Committee:to maintain the separation of the functions of Chairman of the Board of Directors and Chief Executive Officer;to elect Mr. Wilfried Verstraete as Chairman of the Board of Directors; andto confirm Mr. Gilles Grapinet as Chief Executive Officer and Mr. Marc-Henri Desportes as Deputy Chief Executive Officer for their respective current mandate duration.Upon recommendation of the Nomination Committee  the Board of Directors also approved the new composition of its Committees:Audit and Risks Committee: Aldo Cardoso (Chairman)  Mette Kamsvåg  Nazan Somer Özelgin  Sylvia Steinmann and Daniel SchmuckiAldo Cardoso (Chairman)  Mette Kamsvåg  Nazan Somer Özelgin  Sylvia Steinmann and Daniel Schmucki Nomination Committee: Giulia Fitzpatrick (Chairwoman)  Wilfried Verstraete (Vice- Chairman)  Agnès Park and Thierry SommeletGiulia Fitzpatrick (Chairwoman)  Wilfried Verstraete (Vice- Chairman)  Agnès Park and Thierry Sommelet Remuneration Committee: Wilfried Verstraete (Chairman)  Giulia Fitzpatrick(Vice-Chairwoman)  Agnès Park  Thierry Sommelet and Marie-Christine LebertWilfried Verstraete (Chairman)  Giulia Fitzpatrick (Vice-Chairwoman)  Agnès Park  Thierry Sommelet and Marie-Christine Lebert Investment Committee: Daniel Schmucki (Chairman)  Aldo Cardoso  Olivier Gavalda Gilles Grapinet  Mette Kamsvåg  Thierry Sommelet and Wilfried VerstraeteDaniel Schmucki (Chairman)  Aldo Cardoso  Olivier Gavalda  Gilles Grapinet  Mette Kamsvåg  Thierry Sommelet and Wilfried Verstraete CSR Committee: Agnès Park (Chairwoman)  Giulia Fitzpatrick (Vice-Chairwoman) Gilles Grapinet  Sylvia Steinmann and Stephan Van HellemontGeorges Pauget  former Interim Chairman of Worldline's Board of Directors  declared ""Today marks an important date for the Group  with our shareholders giving their full support to a largely renewed governance  carefully designed to support the company's new strategic phase. As interim Chair  it has been a privilege to chair this Board and to support the development of an European leader in its sector through the vision of its management and to work hand in hand with Wilfried Verstraete to insure the transition. In line with its strategic roadmap since its IPO  Worldline has built over time a unique competitive position in the payment industry  with leading products  cutting-edge technology  first-class partners and outstanding teams. I am confident that Wilfried  as new Chair  has all the skills and I wish him every success in his new role to support the company  Worldline CEO  the management team and the employees to fully leverage on these assets  and I wish them all the success for this exciting journey ahead""Wilfried Verstraete  Chairman of Worldline's Board of Director  said ""I am deeply honoured by the confidence that Worldline's shareholders have placed in me today  which led to my nomination as Chairman of the Board. They have also supported the Board's renewed composition  which brings together complementary expertise and oversight  and I would like to thank Georges Pauget for his relentless commitment and support in this transition. In a structurally promising global payments market  I have no doubt that Worldline  which has built up a world class leadership position  has a major role to play  leveraging a strong client base and unique technologies. Together with the Board  I will work closely with the CEO and the executive team to deliver on the next phase of our strategy and to ensure enhanced value creation for all stakeholders.""ContactsInvestor RelationsLaurent Marielaurent.marie@worldline.comGuillaume Delaunayguillaume.delaunay@worldline.comCommunicationSandrine van der Ghinst+32 499 585 380sandrine.vanderghinst@worldline.comHélène Carlander+33 7 72 25 96 04helene.carlander@worldline.comAbout WorldlineWorldline [Euronext: WLN] helps businesses of all shapes and sizes to accelerate their growth journey - quickly  simply  and securely. With advanced payments technology  local expertise and solutions customised for hundreds of markets and industries  Worldline powers the growth of over one million businesses around the world. Worldline generated a 4.6 billion euros revenue in 2023. worldline.comWorldline's corporate purpose (""raison d'être"") is to design and operate leading digital payment and transactional solutions that enable sustainable economic growth and reinforce trust and security in our societies. Worldline makes them environmentally friendly  widely accessible  and supports social transformation.Attachment",neutral,0.02,0.98,0.01,positive,0.76,0.23,0.01,True,English,"['2024 General meeting', 'Press Release', 'Worldline', 'Approval', 'resolutions', 'Paris La Défense', 'Mrs. Nazan Somer Özelgin', 'Marie-Christine Lebert Investment Committee', 'Mrs. Agnès Park', 'Deputy Chief Executive Officer', 'Wilfried Verstraete CSR Committee', 'Thierry Sommelet Remuneration Committee', 'Daniel Schmucki Nomination Committee', 'Mr. Bernard Bourigeaud', 'Mr. Marc-Henri Desportes', 'current mandate duration', 'Mette Kamsvåg', 'Stephan Van Hellemont', 'unique competitive position', 'Mr. Georges Pauget', 'Mr. Daniel Schmucki', 'Mrs. Sylvia Steinmann', 'new strategic phase', 'Mr. Gilles Grapinet', 'Mr. Wilfried Verstraete', 'Mr. Olivier Gavalda', ""The Shareholders' Meeting"", 'two employee directors', 'former Interim Chairman', 'three new directors', 'Associés', 'Risks Committee', 'strategic roadmap', 'new composition', 'new Chair', 'three years', '2024 General meeting', 'Press Release', 'global leader', 'payment services', 'financial year', 'foreign nationality', 'statutory auditors', 'sustainability information', 'four years', 'corporate officers', 'voting results', 'full broadcast', 'Aldo Cardoso', 'Giulia Fitzpatrick', 'important date', 'full support', 'European leader', 'payment industry', 'leading products', 'cutting-edge technology', 'first-class partners', 'outstanding teams', 'Shareholders Meeting', 'new term', '2024 compensation policies', 'governance update', 'Vice- Chairman', '58% independent directors', '14 directors', '67% directors', 'Worldline', 'Approval', 'resolutions', 'Board', 'June', 'Euronext', 'WLN', 'March', 'recommendation', 'today', 'Company', 'accounts', 'December 31', 'renewal', 'period', 'ratification', 'optation', 'appointment', '42% women', 'Deloitte', 'remainder', 'components', 'benefits', 'website', 'investors', 'separation', 'functions', 'respective', 'Committees', 'Chairwoman', 'Group', 'privilege', 'development', 'sector', 'vision', 'management', 'hand', 'transition', 'IPO', 'time']",2024-06-13,2024-06-14,marketscreener.com
42719,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.investing.com/news/press-releases/mondelaz-international-and-lotus-bakeries-join-forces-to-expand-the-biscoff--brand-in-india-and-create-cobranded-chocolate-innovations-in-key-markets-93CH-3482418,MondelÄ“z International and Lotus Bakeries Join Forces to Expand the Biscoff ® Brand in India and Create Co-Branded Chocolate Innovations in Key Markets By Investing.com,MondelÄ“z International and Lotus Bakeries Join Forces to Expand the Biscoff ® Brand in India and Create Co-Branded Chocolate Innovations in Key Markets,MondelÄ“z to manufacture  market  distribute and sell Lotus Biscoff ® brand in India  significantly expanding its presence in the Indian cookie marketCompanies to develop co-branded chocolate innovations combining Biscoff ® with Cadbury  Milka and other key brands in Europe  with option to expand globallyCHICAGO and LEMBEKE  Belgium  June 13  2024 (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) -- MondelÄ“z International (Nasdaq: MDLZ) and Lotus Bakeries (Euronext: LOTB) today announced a strategic partnership to expand and grow the Lotus Biscoff ® cookie brand in India  and to develop exciting new chocolate products combining the unique  caramelized  crunchy Biscoff ® taste and texture with MondelÄ“z's iconic Cadbury  Milka and other key chocolate brands in Europe  with the option to expand globally. This partnership provides new opportunities for both companies to accelerate their growth ambitions in the attractive cookie and chocolate categories  with potential options to expand into additional markets and/or adjacent segments.Through this partnership  MondelÄ“z will leverage its extensive distribution network and local market presence to manufacture  market  distribute and sell Biscoff ® cookies in India. Lotus Bakeries aims to achieve significant visibility and sales growth in this high-potential market  while MondelÄ“z will build upon its already strong presence in both traditional and modern trade to expand its cookie offerings into high-demand premium spaces.In addition to growing Biscoff ® in India  the two companies will work together to develop and market co-branded chocolate products in other markets. While specific formats are still in the early stages of development  the companies aim to bring new innovations to the chocolate category that will surprise and delight consumers. The first co-branded products are expected to launch in early 2025  with Cadbury and Biscoff ® in the United Kingdom  as well as Milka and Biscoff ® in Europe.We look forward to partnering with Lotus Bakeries to expand the Biscoff ® brand in India  where it already has a loyal following among key consumer segments  said Dirk Van de Put  Chair and CEO  Mondelez (NASDAQ: ) International. This partnership will help accelerate our strategic focus on the cookies category by introducing a premium brand that is widely loved in numerous markets to a much wider audience. At the same time  we look forward to co-developing new  innovative chocolate flavors and formats in Europe  which will strengthen consumers' already enduring loyalty to our two companies' iconic brands.We are thrilled to join forces with the world's number-one cookie player  MondelÄ“z International  and we are grateful for their belief in our Biscoff ® brand  said Jan Boone  CEO  Lotus Bakeries. We look forward to building on their commercial expertise and market-specific knowledge and presence in India  and we believe now is the right time to expand our distribution in this growing market. Additionally  we are excited to add our Biscoff ® brand to one of the world's leading chocolate companies. Our delicious flavors complement each other perfectly  and we're confident that our shared commitment to innovation and quality will delight customers and consumers.About MondelÄ“z InternationalMondelÄ“z International  Inc. (Nasdaq: MDLZ) empowers people to snack right in over 150 countries around the world. With 2023 net revenues of approximately $36 billion  MDLZ is leading the future of snacking with iconic global and local brands such as Oreo  Ritz  LU  Clif Bar and Tate's Bake Shop biscuits and baked snacks  as well as Cadbury Dairy Milk  Milka and Toblerone chocolate. MondelÄ“z International is a proud member of the   and Dow Jones Sustainability Index. Visit www.mondelezinternational.com or follow the company on Twitter at www.twitter.com/MDLZ.About Lotus BakeriesLotus Bakeries  founded in 1932  operates worldwide in the indulgent and natural snacking segment with brands including Lotus ®  Biscoff ®  nÄkd ®  TREK ®  BEAR ®  Kiddylicious ®  Peter's Yard ®  Dinosaurus ®  Peijnenburg ® and Annas ®. Headquartered in Belgium  Lotus Bakeries is a dynamic and internationally oriented company with production facilities in Belgium  the Netherlands  France  Sweden  South Africa and the United States. A third production facility for Biscoff ® is currently under construction in Thailand and will be operational by 2026. It has 23 sales organizations in Europe  America  Asia and Australia. Lotus Bakeries also works with commercial partners in approximately fifty countries worldwide. Lotus Bakeries has around 3 000 employees and achieved a revenue of EUR 1 063.0 million in 2023. Lotus Bakeries is listed on Euronext Brussels and included in the indexes of STOXX Europe 600 ®  MSCI Developed Europe ®  All-World ® and BEL20 ®. The majority of shares are owned by the Boone and Stevens family. Visit www.lotusbakeries.com or follow the company on LinkedIn.Forward-Looking StatementsThis press release contains forward-looking statements. Words  and variations of words  such as will  may  expect  plan  continue and similar expressions are intended to identify these forward-looking statements  including  but not limited to  statements of belief or expectation and statements about MondelÄ“z International's leadership position in snacking. These forward-looking statements are subject to change and to inherent risks and uncertainties  many of which are beyond MondelÄ“z International's control  which could cause MondelÄ“z International's actual results or outcomes to differ materially from those projected or assumed in these forward-looking statements. Please also see MondelÄ“z International's risk factors  as they may be amended from time to time  set forth in its filings with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission  including its most recently filed Annual Report on Form 10-K and subsequent Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q. There may be other factors not presently known to MondelÄ“z International or which it currently considers to be immaterial that could cause MondelÄ“z International's actual results to differ materially from those projected in any forward-looking statements it makes. MondelÄ“z International disclaims and does not undertake any obligation to update or revise any forward-looking statement in this press release  except as required by applicable law or regulation.Contact: Tracey Noe (Media) Emma Van Praet +1 847 943 5678 + 32 9 376 69 20 news@mdlz.com corporate@lotusbakeries.comShep Dunlap (Investors) +1 847 943 5454 ir@mdlz.comA photo accompanying this announcement is available at https://www.globenewswire.com/NewsRoom/AttachmentNg/d5f7b348-7163-423b-89f6-35a66f260fb1MondelÄ“z x Lotus Biscoff ® Love at first biteSource: Mondelez International  Inc.,neutral,0.02,0.98,0.0,positive,0.69,0.3,0.01,True,English,"['MondelÄ“z International', 'Co-Branded Chocolate Innovations', 'Lotus Bakeries', 'Biscoff ® Brand', 'Key Markets', 'Forces', 'India', 'unique, caramelized, crunchy Biscoff ® taste', 'Dirk Van de Put', 'Dow Jones Sustainability Index', 'new, innovative chocolate flavors', 'exciting new chocolate products', 'other key chocolate brands', ""two companies' iconic brands"", 'Lotus Biscoff ® cookie brand', 'other key brands', 'Bake Shop biscuits', 'natural snacking segment', 'key consumer segments', 'number-one cookie player', 'high-demand premium spaces', 'third production facility', 'extensive distribution network', 'Indian cookie market', 'leading chocolate companies', 'Cadbury Dairy Milk', 'internationally oriented company', 'MondelÄ“z International', 'Lotus Biscoff ® brand', 'local market presence', 'local brands', 'new opportunities', 'other markets', 'new innovations', 'premium brand', 'delicious flavors', 'attractive cookie', 'cookie offerings', 'chocolate innovations', 'chocolate categories', 'chocolate category', 'Toblerone chocolate', 'iconic global', 'adjacent segments', 'production facilities', 'iconic Cadbury', 'Lotus Bakeries', 'GLOBE NEWSWIRE', 'growth ambitions', 'potential options', 'additional markets', 'Biscoff ® cookies', 'significant visibility', 'sales growth', 'high-potential market', 'modern trade', 'early stages', 'branded products', 'United Kingdom', 'loyal following', 'strategic focus', 'cookies category', 'numerous markets', 'wider audience', 'same time', 'enduring loyalty', 'commercial expertise', 'market-specific knowledge', 'right time', 'growing market', 'shared commitment', '2023 net revenues', 'Clif Bar', 'baked snacks', 'proud member', 'South Africa', 'United States', '23 sales organizations', 'commercial partners', 'Stevens family', 'Forward-Looking Statements', 'press release', 'strong presence', 'specific formats', 'Jan Boone', 'fifty countries', 'Euronext Brussels', 'strategic partnership', 'STOXX Europe', 'Lotus ®', '150 countries', 'Milka', 'CHICAGO', 'LEMBEKE', 'Belgium', 'Nasdaq', 'MDLZ', 'LOTB', 'texture', 'traditional', 'development', 'consumers', 'first', 'Chair', 'CEO', 'Mondelez', 'forces', 'world', 'belief', 'quality', 'customers', 'people', 'future', 'Oreo', 'Ritz', 'LU', 'Twitter', 'indulgent', 'nÄ', 'kd', 'TREK', 'BEAR', 'Kiddylicious', 'Peter', 'Yard', 'Dinosaurus', 'Peijnenburg', 'Annas', 'dynamic', 'Netherlands', 'France', 'Sweden', 'construction', 'Thailand', 'America', 'Asia', 'Australia', '3,000 employees', 'indexes', 'MSCI', 'BEL20', 'majority', 'shares', 'lotusbakeries', 'LinkedIn', 'Words', 'variations', 'will']",2024-06-13,2024-06-14,investing.com
42720,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/WOLTERS-KLUWER-N-V-6291/news/Belfast-Health-and-Social-Care-Trust-Selects-Wolters-Kluwer-UpToDate-for-Clinical-Decision-Support-46967451/,Belfast Health and Social Care Trust Selects Wolters Kluwer UpToDate for Clinical Decision Support,(marketscreener.com) Belfast Trust builds commitment to improve patient outcomes and provide Northern Ireland with the right care at the right time and placehttps://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/WOLTERS-KLUWER-N-V-6291/news/Belfast-Health-and-Social-C…,Belfast Trust builds commitment to improve patient outcomes and provide Northern Ireland with the right care at the right time and placeOne of the largest integrated health and social care trusts in the United Kingdom  Belfast Health and Social Care Trust has selected UpToDate®  the clinical decision support (CDS) resource from Wolters Kluwer Health  to help clinical teams enhance patient safety with access to evidence-based clinical knowledge and recommendations. With seven hospitals and multiple other care facilities  Belfast Trust provides integrated health and social care to approximately 350 000 citizens in Belfast as well as most regional specialist services for all Northern Ireland.“We are pleased to be working with the Belfast Trust on their digital transformation program ” said Christian Cella  Vice President  International Segment for Clinical Effectiveness at Wolters Kluwer Health. “Clinical teams are used to dealing with complex medical conditions daily  often in highly pressurized settings  when it’s critical to have trustworthy information. Embedding UpToDate into the clinical workflow  via the electronic patient record (EPR)  allows clinicians to search in patient context via one click  saving time and helping clinicians improve the quality of care. Having access to trustworthy information via UpToDate helps support clinicians to provide the right care  at the right time and in the right place.”Delivering better care across Northern Ireland“Deploying UpToDate marks a significant step forward in our ongoing efforts to enhance the quality of care and decision-making across Belfast Health & Social Care Trust ” said Dr. Johnny Cash  CCIO at Belfast Health and Social Care Trust and medical lead on encompass  a program to create a single digital care record for every citizen in Northern Ireland who receives health and social care.“With the Trust deploying UpToDate in Belfast  our multidisciplinary teams across Northern Ireland have easy access to updated evidence-based information ” Cash added. “Having a clinical decision support tool like UpToDate will help clinicians reduce variability in care  boost efficiency through faster decision-making at the point of care and offer colleagues and students in our institution an additional education and learning tool. Integrating clinical decision support will help our clinical teams deliver safe and effective care while supporting our digital transformation strategy.”Integrating clinical decision support in the electronic patient recordThe trust plans to integrate UpToDate into the clinical workflow via the Epic EPR as it goes live across Northern Ireland. Using UpToDate in the EPR highlights the increasingly important role that CDS tools are playing in the NHS and across Health and Social Care. Integrating UpToDate into the EPR places it at the heart of the clinical workflow  providing fast access to critical information at the point of care.Clinicians across the Belfast Trust can access UpToDate content related to diagnosis  decision pathways  and patient education at key decision points within the clinical workflow via a single click. Quick access to patient-specific information through the EPR helps save clinicians’ time  enhances the delivery of care  and improves efficiency. With UpToDate’s accreditation by the Federation of the Royal College of Physicians (RCP)  clinicians can use UpToDate as part of their personal professional development directly within the clinical workflow.For more information about Wolters Kluwer  please visit: www.wolterskluwer.com.About Wolters KluwerWolters Kluwer (EURONEXT: WKL) is a global leader in information  software solutions and services for professionals in healthcare; tax and accounting; financial and corporate compliance; legal and regulatory; corporate performance and ESG. We help our customers make critical decisions every day by providing expert solutions that combine deep domain knowledge with technology and services.Wolters Kluwer reported 2023 annual revenues of €5.6 billion. The group serves customers in over 180 countries  maintains operations in over 40 countries  and employs approximately 21 400 people worldwide. The company is headquartered in Alphen aan den Rijn  the Netherlands.For more information  visit www.wolterskluwer.com  follow us on LinkedIn  Facebook  YouTube and Instagram.View source version on businesswire.com: https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20240613607705/en/,neutral,0.13,0.86,0.01,positive,0.76,0.23,0.01,True,English,"['Social Care Trust', 'Wolters Kluwer UpToDate', 'Clinical Decision Support', 'Belfast Health', 'Alphen aan den Rijn', 'multiple other care facilities', 'single digital care record', 'clinical decision support tool', 'digital transformation strategy', 'key decision points', 'personal professional development', 'deep domain knowledge', 'electronic patient record', 'complex medical conditions', 'digital transformation program', 'Dr. Johnny Cash', 'evidence-based clinical knowledge', 'regional specialist services', 'social care trusts', 'largest integrated health', 'Wolters Kluwer Health', 'learning tool', 'decision pathways', 'single click', 'medical lead', 'clinical teams', 'Clinical Effectiveness', 'clinical workflow', 'patient outcomes', 'patient safety', 'patient context', 'patient education', 'right care', 'effective care', 'Northern Ireland', 'United Kingdom', 'CDS) resource', 'seven hospitals', 'Christian Cella', 'Vice President', 'International Segment', 'pressurized settings', 'one click', 'significant step', 'ongoing efforts', 'multidisciplinary teams', 'evidence-based information', 'additional education', 'important role', 'CDS tools', 'Royal College', 'global leader', 'software solutions', 'corporate compliance', 'corporate performance', 'expert solutions', '2023 annual revenues', 'source version', 'Belfast Trust', 'Belfast Health', 'right time', 'easy access', 'fast access', 'Quick access', 'trustworthy information', 'right place', 'faster decision-making', 'patient-specific information', 'critical decisions', 'Epic EPR', 'UpToDate content', 'clinicians’ time', 'UpToDate®', 'commitment', 'recommendations', '350,000 citizens', 'quality', 'CCIO', 'encompass', 'variability', 'efficiency', 'colleagues', 'students', 'institution', 'NHS', 'heart', 'diagnosis', 'delivery', 'accreditation', 'Federation', 'Physicians', 'RCP', 'part', 'wolterskluwer', 'EURONEXT', 'WKL', 'professionals', 'healthcare', 'tax', 'accounting', 'financial', 'legal', 'regulatory', 'ESG', 'customers', 'technology', 'group', '180 countries', 'operations', '40 countries', '21,400 people', 'company', 'Netherlands', 'LinkedIn', 'Facebook', 'YouTube', 'Instagram', 'View', 'businesswire', 'news']",2024-06-13,2024-06-14,marketscreener.com
42721,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/AZELIS-GROUP-NV-127080828/news/Azelis-Results-of-the-General-Meeting-2024-Dividend-Payment-Details-46968870/,Azelis: Results of the General Meeting 2024 & Dividend Payment Details,(marketscreener.com)   Azelis: Results of the General Meeting 2024 & Dividend Payment Details      13 Jun 2024 18:00 CEST    Subscribe     Issuer   Azelis Group NV      Regulatory News:   ...https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/st…,"Azelis: Results of the General Meeting 2024 & Dividend Payment DetailsRegulatory News:Azelis (Brussels:AZE)  a leading global innovation service provider in the specialty chemical and food ingredients industry  today held its Annual General Meeting (""AGM"") followed by an Extraordinary General Meeting (""EGM"") in Antwerp  Belgium.At the AGM of Azelis Group NV (the ""Company"")  86.63 % of all shares entitled to vote were represented.The AGM approved for the fiscal year 2023 the payment of a gross dividend of (rounded) € 0.22 per share  net (rounded) € 0.15 per share after deduction of Belgian withholding tax of 30% 1. The ex-dividend date will be June 28th  2024  record date July 1st  2024  and the dividend (coupon no. 3) will be payable as of July 2nd  2024  via our paying agent KBC Bank NV.All other proposed resolutions were approved as well  including:- the ratification of the appointment by co-optation of AU-R-ORA BV with permanent representative Anna Bertona as executive director of the Company for a term expiring at the AGM approving the annual accounts for the financial year ending on December 31st  2024;- the appointment of Mr. Kåre Schultz as non-executive and independent director of the Company for a term of 4 years  expiring at the AGM approving the annual accounts for the financial year ending on December 31st  2027; he will serve as chair of the Board of Directors  as member of the Audit- and Risk Committee and as well as member and chair of the Remuneration and Nomination Committee;- the appointment of Mrs. Melanie Maas-Brunner as non-executive and independent director of the Company for a term of 4 years  expiring at the AGM approving the annual accounts for the financial year ending on December 31st  2027; she will also become member of the Remuneration and Nomination Committee; and- the renewal of the appointment of PricewaterhouseCoopers Bedrijfsrevisoren BV as statutory auditor for a new term of 3 financial years ending at the end of the general shareholders' meeting that will resolve on the approval of the annual accounts for the financial year ending December 31st  2026.The presentations of the Chair of the Board of Directors and of the CEO and CFO will be made available on the Shareholders Meeting section of the Azelis corporate website.At the EGM  85.99 % of all shares entitled to vote were represented.The EGM approved to bring forward the statutory date of the annual General Meeting to the second Thursday of the month of May at eleven hours (11:00 CEST).The minutes of the AGM and the EGM  including all the resolutions and voting details  will be made available on the Azelis corporate website within the legal deadline.- END -About AzelisAzelis is a leading global innovation service provider in the specialty chemical and food ingredients industry  present in 65 countries across the globe with over 4 200 employees. Our knowledgeable teams of industry  market and technical experts are each dedicated to a specific market within Life Sciences and Industrial Chemicals. We offer a lateral value chain of complementary products to more than 63 000 customers  supported by +2 800 principal relationships  creating a turnover of €4.2 billion (2023). Azelis Group NV is listed on Euronext Brussels under ticker AZE.Across our extensive network of more than 70 application laboratories  our award-winning staff help develop formulations and provide technical guidance throughout the customers' product development process. We combine a global market reach with a local footprint to offer a reliable  integrated  and unique digital service to local customers and attractive -business opportunities to principals. Top industry-rated by Sustainalytics  Azelis is a leader in sustainability. We believe in building and nurturing solid  honest and transparent relationships with our people and partners.Impact through ideas. Innovation through formulation.www.azelis.com___________________________1 Lower withholding tax rates may be applicable depending on the specific situation of each shareholder.View source version on businesswire.com:https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20240613332005/en/Azelis Investor RelationsInvestor-relations@azelis.comAzelis Corporate Secretaryagm@azelis.com",neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,neutral,0.06,0.91,0.03,True,English,"['Dividend Payment Details', 'General Meeting', 'Azelis', 'Results', 'leading global innovation service provider', 'Mr. Kåre Schultz', 'Lower withholding tax rates', ""customers' product development process"", 'Azelis Corporate Secretary agm', 'unique digital service', 'Belgian withholding tax', 'global market reach', 'KBC Bank NV', 'Mrs. Melanie Maas-Brunner', 'lateral value chain', 'attractive -business opportunities', 'View source version', 'Shareholders Meeting section', 'Extraordinary General Meeting', ""general shareholders' meeting"", 'PricewaterhouseCoopers Bedrijfsrevisoren BV', 'Azelis corporate website', 'food ingredients industry', 'other proposed resolutions', 'Annual General Meeting', 'Azelis Group NV', 'Azelis Investor Relations', 'Dividend Payment Details', 'AU-R-ORA BV', 'voting details', 'annual accounts', 'local customers', 'Regulatory News', 'specialty chemical', 'fiscal year', 'gross dividend', 'ex-dividend date', 'June 28th', 'record date', 'July 2nd', 'paying agent', 'permanent representative', 'Anna Bertona', 'financial year', 'December 31st', 'independent director', 'Risk Committee', 'Nomination Committee', 'statutory auditor', 'statutory date', 'second Thursday', 'eleven hours', 'legal deadline', 'knowledgeable teams', 'technical experts', 'specific market', 'Life Sciences', 'Industrial Chemicals', 'complementary products', '+2,800 principal relationships', 'extensive network', '70 application laboratories', 'award-winning staff', 'technical guidance', 'local footprint', 'solid, honest', 'transparent relationships', 'specific situation', 'The AGM', 'Euronext Brussels', 'executive director', 'new term', 'The EGM', '63,000 customers', '4 years', 'Results', 'Antwerp', 'Belgium', 'Company', 'shares', 'vote', 'deduction', 'coupon', 'ratification', 'appointment', 'optation', 'chair', 'Board', 'Directors', 'member', 'Remuneration', 'renewal', 'approval', 'presentations', 'CEO', 'CFO', 'month', 'May', 'minutes', '65 countries', 'globe', '4,200 employees', 'turnover', 'ticker', 'formulations', 'principals', 'Sustainalytics', 'leader', 'sustainability', 'people', 'partners', 'Impact', 'ideas', 'businesswire', 'Investor-relations']",2024-06-13,2024-06-14,marketscreener.com
42722,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/AIR-LIQUIDE-4605/news/Air-Liquide-Change-in-the-Share-Capital-46967282/,Air Liquide: Change in the Share Capital,(marketscreener.com) Regulatory News:Air Liquide :1°) Share capital increase following the exercise of stock optionsThe Chief Executive Officer  by delegation of the Board of Directors at its meeting of April 30  2024  noted on June 4  2024 that bet…,Regulatory News:Air Liquide (Paris:AI):1°) Share capital increase following the exercise of stock optionsThe Chief Executive Officer  by delegation of the Board of Directors at its meeting of April 30  2024  noted on June 4  2024 that between January 1st  2024 and May 29  2024  301 422 shares of the Company with a par value of 5.50 euros had been issued as a result of the exercise of stock options  thereby increasing the capital from 2 881 393 779.00 euros to 2 883 051 600.00 euros.2°) Share capital increase by capitalization of additional paid-in capital for the free shares allocationIn accordance with the decision of the Board of Directors at its meeting on April 30  2024  the Chief Executive Officer noted :- on the one hand the creation of 52 419 120 new shares with a par value of 5.50 euros  with dividend rights as of January 1st  2024  which were allocated to shareholders on June 12  2024  at the rate of one free new share for ten existing shares.- on the other hand  the creation of 1 492 853 new shares with a par value of 5.50 euros  with dividend rights as of January 1st  2024  which were allocated to the shareholders on June 12  2024  at the rate of one free new share for one hundred existing shares  in accordance with Article 21 of the Articles of Association  for the shares registered continuously from December 31st  2021 to June 11  2024 inclusive thus benefiting from an allocation increased by 10%.As a consequence  the Company’s new share capital stands at3 179 567 451.50 eurosdivided into 578 103 173 fully paid-up shares with a par value of 5.50 euros.Air Liquide is a world leader in gases  technologies and services for industry and healthcare. Present in 72 countries with 67 800 employees  the Group serves more than 4 million customers and patients. Oxygen  nitrogen and hydrogen are essential small molecules for life  matter and energy. They embody Air Liquide’s scientific territory and have been at the core of the Group’s activities since its creation in 1902.Taking action today while preparing the future is at the heart of Air Liquide’s strategy. With ADVANCE  its strategic plan for 2025  Air Liquide is targeting a global performance  combining financial and extra-financial dimensions. Positioned on new markets  the Group beneﬁts from major assets such as its business model combining resilience and strength  its ability to innovate and its technological expertise. The Group develops solutions contributing to climate and the energy transition—particularly with hydrogen—and takes action to progress in areas of healthcare  digital and high technologies.Air Liquide’s revenue amounted to more than 27.5 billion euros in 2023. Air Liquide is listed on the Euronext Paris stock exchange (compartment A) and belongs to the CAC 40  CAC 40 ESG  EURO STOXX 50  FTSE4Good and DJSI Europe indexes.www.airliquide.comFollow us Twitter @airliquidegroupView source version on businesswire.com: https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20240613944509/en/,neutral,0.02,0.97,0.01,neutral,0.05,0.93,0.03,True,English,"['Air Liquide', 'Share Capital', 'Change', 'one free new share', 'one hundred existing shares', 'Euronext Paris stock exchange', 'Chief Executive Officer', 'essential small molecules', 'DJSI Europe indexes', 'ten existing shares', 'Share capital increase', 'new share capital', '578,103,173 fully paid-up shares', 'free shares allocation', 'one hand', '52,419,120 new shares', '1,492,853 new shares', 'new markets', 'stock options', 'Regulatory News', 'Air Liquide', 'January 1st', 'par value', 'dividend rights', 'other hand', 'December 31st', 'world leader', '4 million customers', 'scientific territory', 'strategic plan', 'global performance', 'extra-financial dimensions', 'major assets', 'business model', 'technological expertise', 'compartment A', 'EURO STOXX', 'source version', 'energy transition', 'high technologies', 'CAC 40 ESG', 'The Group', '27.5 billion euros', '301,422 shares', '5.50 euros', '9.00 euros', '051,600.00 euros', 'exercise', 'delegation', 'Board', 'Directors', 'meeting', 'April', 'June', 'May', 'Company', 'result', 'capitalization', 'accordance', 'decision', 'creation', 'shareholders', 'Article', 'Association', 'consequence', 'gases', 'services', 'industry', 'healthcare', '72 countries', '67,800 employees', 'patients', 'Oxygen', 'nitrogen', 'hydrogen', 'life', 'matter', 'core', 'activities', 'action', 'future', 'heart', 'strategy', 'ADVANCE', 'resilience', 'strength', 'ability', 'solutions', 'climate', 'progress', 'areas', 'digital', 'revenue', 'FTSE4Good', 'airliquide', 'Twitter', 'businesswire', '2,883']",2024-06-13,2024-06-14,marketscreener.com
42723,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/WOLTERS-KLUWER-N-V-6291/news/Wolters-Kluwer-New-Podcast-Series-Brings-Clarity-to-U-S-Corporate-Transparency-Act-Reporting-Rule-46967288/,Wolters Kluwer New Podcast Series Brings Clarity to U.S. Corporate Transparency Act Reporting Rule,(marketscreener.com) Online resource addresses key elements of beneficial ownership information and filing requirementshttps://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/WOLTERS-KLUWER-N-V-6291/news/Wolters-Kluwer-New-Podcast-Series-Brings-Clarity-to-U-S-Corporate…,Online resource addresses key elements of beneficial ownership information and filing requirementsSubject matter experts from Wolters Kluwer CT Corporation have launched a series of informative podcasts to foster greater clarity for organizations subject to the new Corporate Transparency Act (CTA) beneficial ownership information reporting rule. Housed on CT Corporation’s CTA Expert Insights page  the podcasts explore  via a question-and-answer format with CT’s experts  some of the more complex elements of beneficial ownership information (BOI) filing requirements to help promote better understanding and compliance.Beneficial ownership reporting is part of the CTA and represents a major compliance challenge for many U.S. companies. It requires that entities subject to the new rule collect  document  and submit previously unreported BOI details to the Financial Crimes Enforcement Network (FinCEN). More on complying with BOI reporting requirements is available at “Beneficial Ownership Information Compliance from CT Corporation.”“Beneficial ownership information filing is an entirely new obligation that will impact an estimated 32.6 million businesses this year alone  according to the U.S. Treasury’s Financial Crimes Enforcement Network (FinCEN) ” said Rupak Venugopal  Vice President  Beneficial Ownership  Wolters Kluwer Financial & Corporate Compliance. “As such  it presents major challenges to many businesses  not only in identifying an organization’s filing status and the individuals within the organization subject to these reporting obligations  but in understanding that this requirement is now in effect—with significant consequences for non-compliance.”The podcasts look at a range of eligibility and compliance issues around BOI reporting as it relates to large operating companies  subsidiaries  investment funds and other entities  as well as exemptions that impact one’s filing status  offering insights to ready an organization not only for the rule’s initial requirements but for ongoing reporting obligations.Venugopal says that in addition to knowing about the reporting rule itself and taking steps to prepare one’s organization  the CTA will require companies’ ongoing monitoring of their beneficial ownership details to maintain a compliant filing status.“Our latest polling in May found that nearly 40% of 1 400-plus respondents viewed keeping pace with ongoing reporting obligations as their top concern. Preparation and continued vigilance will be essential to organizations for ensuring compliance ” he says.CT Corporation offers a suite of BOI solutions to help businesses of all sizes meet their ongoing reporting obligations. Its Beneficial Ownership Platform securely stores and retains BOI filing information  making both multiple entity filings and amendments much less time-consuming. As an authorized API filing participant  CT Corporation technology connects directly to FinCEN’s Beneficial Ownership IT System reporting portal  enabling the upload of thousands of filings in real time in a compliant  secure manner.About Wolters KluwerWolters Kluwer (EURONEXT: WKL) is a global leader in information  software solutions and services for professionals in healthcare; tax and accounting; financial and corporate compliance; legal and regulatory; corporate performance and ESG. We help our customers make critical decisions every day by providing expert solutions that combine deep domain knowledge with technology and services.Wolters Kluwer reported 2023 annual revenues of €5.6 billion. The group serves customers in over 180 countries  maintains operations in over 40 countries  and employs approximately 21 400 people worldwide. The company is headquartered in Alphen aan den Rijn  the Netherlands.For more information  visit www.wolterskluwer.com  follow us on LinkedIn  Facebook  YouTube and Instagram.View source version on businesswire.com: https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20240613674948/en/,neutral,0.02,0.97,0.0,negative,0.02,0.38,0.6,True,English,"['U.S. Corporate Transparency Act Reporting Rule', 'Wolters Kluwer New Podcast Series', 'Clarity', 'Beneficial Ownership IT System reporting portal', 'CTA) beneficial ownership information reporting rule', 'Alphen aan den Rijn', 'Financial Crimes Enforcement Network', 'authorized API filing participant', 'many U.S. companies', 'Beneficial ownership information filing', 'new Corporate Transparency Act', 'Beneficial Ownership Information Compliance', 'CTA Expert Insights page', 'Beneficial ownership reporting', 'beneficial ownership details', 'Beneficial Ownership Platform', 'Wolters Kluwer CT Corporation', 'U.S. Treasury', 'large operating companies', 'Online resource addresses', 'compliant, secure manner', 'deep domain knowledge', 'ongoing reporting obligations', 'unreported BOI details', 'BOI filing information', 'BOI reporting requirements', 'compliant filing status', 'Wolters Kluwer Financial', 'BOI) filing requirements', 'Subject matter experts', 'multiple entity filings', 'major compliance challenge', 'CT Corporation technology', 'new rule', 'expert solutions', 'ongoing monitoring', 'many businesses', 'new obligation', 'BOI solutions', 'Corporate Compliance', 'major challenges', 'initial requirements', 'corporate performance', 'key elements', 'greater clarity', 'answer format', 'complex elements', 'Vice President', 'significant consequences', 'compliance issues', 'investment funds', 'latest polling', '1,400-plus respondents', 'top concern', 'continued vigilance', 'real time', 'global leader', 'software solutions', 'critical decisions', '2023 annual revenues', 'source version', '32.6 million businesses', 'Rupak Venugopal', 'other entities', 'informative podcasts', 'series', 'organizations', 'question', 'understanding', 'FinCEN', 'individuals', 'effect', 'range', 'eligibility', 'subsidiaries', 'exemptions', 'addition', 'steps', 'May', 'pace', 'Preparation', 'suite', 'sizes', 'amendments', 'upload', 'thousands', 'EURONEXT', 'WKL', 'services', 'professionals', 'healthcare', 'tax', 'accounting', 'legal', 'regulatory', 'ESG', 'customers', 'group', '180 countries', 'operations', '40 countries', '21,400 people', 'company', 'Netherlands', 'wolterskluwer', 'LinkedIn', 'Facebook', 'YouTube', 'Instagram', 'businesswire']",2024-06-13,2024-06-14,marketscreener.com
42724,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.investing.com/news/press-releases/antin-infrastructure-partners-2024-annual-shareholders-meeting-all-resolutions-are-adopted-93CH-3483680,Antin Infrastructure Partners: 2024 Annual Shareholders' Meeting; All Resolutions Are Adopted By Investing.com,Antin Infrastructure Partners: 2024 Annual Shareholders' Meeting; All Resolutions Are Adopted,Disclosure in accordance with the AMF recommendationsPARIS & LONDON & NEW YORK--(BUSINESS WIRE)--Regulatory News:Antin Infrastructure Partners SA (Paris:ANTIN) held its Annual Shareholders' Meeting today in Paris  under the chairmanship of Alain Rauscher  Chairman of the Board of Directors and Chief Executive Officer (the Meeting).The shareholders  who represented 97.72% of voting rights approved all the resolutions presented  and in particular:approved the statutory and consolidated financial statements for 2023decided on the distribution of an amount of €0.71 per share. Given the interim payment of €0.32 per share made on 16 November 2023  the balance of the distribution  i.e.  €0.39 per share  will be paid on 19 June 2024 (ex-date: 17 June 2024)renewed  for a period of three years  the terms of office of Alain Rauscher  Mark Crosbie and MÃ©lanie Biessy  and renewed  for a period of two years  the term of office of Ramon de Oliveira. The Board of Directors is thus composed of six members  three of whom are independent  with 3 women and 3 men and 4 Directors of foreign nationalitiesapproved the 2024 compensation policies for the corporate officers  as well as the various components of the compensation paid or awarded to the corporate officers for 2023approved the renewal of authorisations granted by previous shareholders' meetings to provide the Board of Directors with a range of suitable tools to deploy incentive schemes to Antin employees.The Board of Directors met after the Meeting and decided in particular:to re-appoint (i) Alain Rauscher as Chairman of the Board of Directors and Chief Executive Officer and (ii) Mark Crosbie as Vice-Chairman of the Board of Directorsto continue the liquidity agreement with BNP Paribas (OTC: ) Arbitrage.Alain Rauscher invited the shareholders to the 2025 Annual Shareholders' Meeting on 11 June 2025.The results of the votes are available on the Company's website www.shareholders.antin-ip.com  section Shareholders' Meetings.About Antin Infrastructure PartnersAntin Infrastructure Partners is a leading private equity firm focused on infrastructure. With over €31bn in Assets under Management across its Flagship  Mid Cap and NextGen investment strategies  Antin targets investments in the energy and environment  digital  transport and social infrastructure sectors. With offices in Paris  London  New York  Singapore  Seoul and Luxembourg  Antin employs over 220 professionals dedicated to growing  improving and transforming infrastructure businesses while delivering long-term value to portfolio companies and investors. Majority owned by its partners  Antin is listed on compartment A of the regulated market of Euronext Paris (Ticker: ANTIN “ ISIN: FR0014005AL0).View source version on businesswire.com: https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20240613404317/en/MediaNicolle Graugnard  Communication DirectorEmail: media@antin-ip.comShareholder RelationsLudmilla Binet  Head of Shareholder RelationsEmail: shareholders@antin-ip.comBrunswick (NYSE: )Email: antinip@brunswickgroup.comTristan Roquet Montegon: +33 (0)6 37 00 52 57Gabriel JabÃ¨s: +33 (0)6 40 87 08 14Source: Antin Infrastructure Partners,neutral,0.03,0.96,0.01,positive,0.55,0.38,0.07,True,English,"['Antin Infrastructure Partners', ""2024 Annual Shareholders' Meeting"", 'Investing.com', 'Resolutions', 'leading private equity firm', 'Antin Infrastructure Partners SA', 'Chief Executive Officer', 'consolidated financial statements', 'MÃ©lanie Biessy', 'Ramon de Oliveira', 'NextGen investment strategies', 'Tristan Roquet Montegon', 'social infrastructure sectors', ""Annual Shareholders' Meeting"", ""previous shareholders' meetings"", 'infrastructure businesses', 'AMF recommendations', 'NEW YORK', 'BUSINESS WIRE', 'Regulatory News', 'Alain Rauscher', 'voting rights', 'interim payment', 'three years', 'Mark Crosbie', 'two years', 'six members', 'foreign nationalities', 'corporate officers', 'various components', 'suitable tools', 'incentive schemes', 'liquidity agreement', 'BNP Paribas', 'Mid Cap', 'long-term value', 'portfolio companies', 'regulated market', 'Nicolle Graugnard', 'Communication Director', 'Shareholder Relations', 'Ludmilla Binet', 'Gabriel JabÃ', 'Antin employees', '2024 compensation policies', 'source version', 'Euronext Paris', 'Disclosure', 'accordance', 'LONDON', 'chairmanship', 'Board', 'Directors', 'resolutions', 'statutory', 'distribution', 'amount', '16 November', 'balance', '19 June', '17 June', 'period', 'terms', '3 women', '3 men', 'renewal', 'authorisations', 'range', 'Vice-Chairman', 'OTC', 'Arbitrage', '11 June', 'results', 'votes', 'Company', 'website', 'section', 'Assets', 'Management', 'Flagship', 'investments', 'energy', 'environment', 'digital', 'transport', 'offices', 'Singapore', 'Seoul', 'Luxembourg', '220 professionals', 'transforming', 'investors', 'Majority', 'compartment', 'Ticker', 'businesswire', 'Media', 'Email', 'Head', 'Brunswick', 'NYSE', 'antinip', '2023']",2024-06-13,2024-06-14,investing.com
42725,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2024/06/13/2898498/0/en/Ubisoft-launches-a-new-employee-shareholding-operation.html,Ubisoft launches a new employee shareholding operation,UBISOFT ENTERTAINMENT S.A.    Ubisoft launches a new employee shareholding operation.    Saint-Mandé  on June 13  2024    Ubisoft Entertainment S.A.......,UBISOFT ENTERTAINMENT S.A.Ubisoft launches a new employee shareholding operation.Saint-Mandé  on June 13  2024Ubisoft Entertainment S.A. (Euronext Paris: UBI – ISIN code: FR0000054470) announces the launch of a new employee shareholding operation in France and abroad for the employees of the Ubisoft group (hereinafter the « Offer »).1. OFFERORUbisoft Entertainment S.A. (hereinafter the « Company ») is a French société anonyme with its registered office at 2  rue du Chêne Heleuc  56910 Carentoir  France. The Company is identified at the Trade and Companies Registry under number 335 186 094 RCS Vannes.Information regarding the Company is available on its website (www.ubisoft.com) and in particular in the universal registration document available on this website.2. REASONS OF THE OFFERThis Offer aims at strengthening the employee shareholding in order to associate the employees more closely to the Ubisoft group's development and future performance.3. FRAMEWORK OF THE OFFEROn February 7  2024 (hereinafter the « Launch Board »)  the Company's Board of directors approved the launch of the Offer consisting on reserved share capital increases on the one hand  for members of the Ubisoft group savings plans in accordance with provisions of Articles L. 3332-18 et seq. of the French Labour Code (hereinafter the « FCPE Offer »)  and on the other hand for employees outside of the scope of the group savings plans (hereinafter the « Shares + SAR Offer ») and subdelegated to the Chairman & Chief Executive Officer (the « CEO ») the powers required for the implementation of the Offer.On its meeting dated May 15  2024 (hereinafter the « Structuring Board »)  the Board of directors of the Company supplemented and/or clarified certain terms of the Offer as set by the Launch Board.4. TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE OFFERBeneficiariesThe Offer is reserved to (i) employees of companies and branches of the Ubisoft group within eighteen jurisdictions (Bulgaria  Canada  China  Finland  France  Germany  India  Italy  Japan  the Netherlands  the Philippines  Romania  Singapore  Spain  Sweden  the United Arab Emirates  the United Kingdom and the United States)  having at least three months' seniority  continuous or not  between January 1  2023 and the end of the subscription/revocation period of the Offer and to (ii) retired employees of the companies in France who hold assets in the Ubisoft Group Savings Plan (PEG) (hereinafter the « Beneficiaries »).The Company may decide not to implement the Offer in a jurisdiction mentioned above if a legal  tax or practical constraint so requires.Proposed formulasThe Beneficiaries may subscribe for Company's ordinary shares (hereinafter the « Shares ») under a leverage formula  through a company mutual fund (Fonds Commun de Placement d'Entreprise or FCPE) or directly under a Shares + SAR (stock appreciation rights) formula depending on the local regulatory and tax constraints.On 5-year term maturity or in case of early release  each Beneficiary will receive (before tax/social security deductions  if applicable)  the euro amount of his/her initial investment as well as a multiple of the potential protected average increase in the Share price.Lock-up periodShares subscribed by the Beneficiaries under this Offer are unavailable for a five-year period as from the completion of the Offer (expected to occur on September 20  2024)  except in the occurrence of an early release case provided for in Article R. 3324-22 of the French Labour Code.Out of France  early release cases may be adapted to take account of local legislations or constraints  in particular tax constraints.Participation priceThe subscription price of a Share under the Offer will correspond to the average of the twenty daily volume-weighted average prices (VWAP) of the Share on Euronext Paris preceding the decision of the Board of directors or  as the case may be  upon subdelegation of the Board of directors  of the CEO  fixing the dates of the subscription/revocation period of the Shares (hereinafter the « Reference Price »)  minus a 15% discount and rounded up to the higher euro cent (hereinafter the « Participation Price »). The applicable exchange rates will be fixed at the same time as the Participation Price (the « Fixing Decision »).CeilingsThe maximum overall amount of the Offer was set by the Launch Board at 1.80% of the Company's share capital representing a maximum of 2 300 000 shares (i.e. based on the number of Shares outstanding as of January 31  2024: 127 427 965 Shares (hereinafter the « Number of Reference Shares »))  thus distributed by the Structuring Board:FCPE Offer: 0.78% of the Number of Reference Shares  i.e. a maximum number of 1 000 000 Shares to be issued (the « FCPE Envelope »); andShares + SAR Offer: 1.02% of the of the Number of Reference Shares  i.e. a maximum number of 1 300 000 Shares to be issued (the « Shares + SAR Envelope »).Specific sub-ceilings are provided in certain jurisdictions depending on local legal constraints.Source of the SharesThe Shares subscribed will be newly issued Shares assimilated to the existing Shares. They will bear current dividend rights.Provisional timetableThe provisional timetable of the Offer has been decided by the Structuring Board as follows:Reservation period: from June 17 to July 3  2024 inclusiveFixing Decision: August 9  2024Subscription/revocation period: from August 12 to August 16  2024 inclusiveShare capital increase: September 20  2024End of the lock-up period: September 19  2029  at midnightThese dates are indicative and may be subject to modification or adaptation  particularly due to any legal and/or operational constraints that could disrupt the implementation of the Offer  as well as any legislation applicable in each jurisdiction.Risk of postponement or cancellation of the OfferThe Company's Board of directors  or  as the case may be  the CEO acting upon subdelegation  could  at its/his sole discretion  decide to cancel or postpone the Offer in all or part of its geographical scope  for any reason whatsoever and if it/he considers it in the best interest of the Beneficiaries  and as far as possible  until the expected date of completion of the Offer scheduled for September 20  2024.5. NATURE OF THE SHARESShares offered under this Offer are ordinary shares of the Company  listed on the Euronext Paris stock market (Compartment A) under the ISIN code FR0000054470. The Shares are eligible for the Deferred Settlement Service (Système de Règlement Différé or SRD).6. VOTING RIGHTSThe voting rights attached to the Shares offered under this Offer will be exercised as regards the Shares:subscribed within the framework of the FCPE Offer  by the supervisory board of the FCPE  it being specified that in the event of a proven lack of liquidity of the stock-lending market  the supervisory board of the FCPE could only exercise the voting rights attached to the Shares which are part of its assets.subscribed for and held on their own by the employees  within the framework of the Shares + SAR Offer  directly by them.7. HEDGING TRANSACTIONThe financial mechanism underlying the leverage formula requires hedging operations by the financial institution which structures the leverage formula  on market exchanges and over-the-counter exchanges  by means of the purchase or sale of Shares  the lending or borrowing of Shares  the purchase of call option and/or of all other transactions  at all times and in particular as from the opening date of the fixing period of the Reference Price and for the whole duration of the Offer.8. SPECIAL MENTION REGARDING THE INTERNATIONALThis document does not constitute an offer to sell or a solicitation to subscribe Shares. The Offer will be offered only in countries where such an Offer has been registered with the competent local authorities and in countries where all required filing procedures and/or notifications have been completed and the authorisations have been obtained. In particular  the Shares have not been and will not be registered in the United States in application of the Securities Act of 1933.This document is not intended for countries in which such procedures would be required and have not yet been carried out or the necessary authorisations have not been obtained. Copies of this document will not therefore be distributed to these countries.Shares that may be subscribed under the Offer have not been recommended by any governmental securities commission or regulatory authority. Neither the Company nor any employers is giving investment advice with respect to this Offer. Investing is a personal decision that must be made by the employee  taking into account his/her financial resources  investment goals  personal tax situation  any other investment alternatives available and the fact that the value of a quoted share will fluctuate. In this regard  employees are encouraged to consider the diversification of their investment portfolio to ensure that the risk that they assume is not unduly concentrated on any single investment.The Offer is proposed on a discretionary basis by the Company. Neither the Company nor the employers are required to repeat the Offer or to make similar offers in the future. The terms and conditions of the Offer do not form part of the employment contract of the employees.Units of the FCPE cannot be offered or sold  either directly or indirectly  in the United States (including its territories and possessions) or to or for the benefit of a « U.S. Person »  as defined in the U.S. Regulations and available on the website of the management company: www.amundi.com.Persons wishing to subscribe for FCPE units certify that they are not « U.S. Person ». Any unit holder must immediately inform the management company in the event that he/she becomes a « U.S. Person ».The management company may impose restrictions on (i) the holding of FCPE units by a « U.S. Person » and in particular compulsorily redemption of the units  or (ii) transfer of units to a « U.S. Person ». This power would also extend to any person (a) who appears to be directly or indirectly in breach of the laws and regulations of any country or governmental authority  or (b) who could  in the view of the management company  cause damage to the FCPE that it would not otherwise have suffered.Pursuant to provisions of Regulation (EC) no. 833/2014 and Regulation (EC) no. 765/2006  as amended  the Offer is not made to Russian nationals and persons residing in Russia  nor to Belarussian nationals or persons residing in Belarus  except (i) in case of Russian nationals  in case those persons are nationals of an EU Member State  of a country member of the European Economic Area or Switzerland  or have a temporary or permanent residence permit in an EU Member State a country member of the European Economic Area or in Switzerland and (ii) in case of Belarussian nationals  if those persons are nationals of a EU Member State or have a temporary or permanent residence permit in a EU Member State.In France  the present document is prepared to meet the requirements of the AMF set out in Article 3.1 of the AMF Guidelines on the employee savings funds (Guide relatif aux fonds d'épargne salariale) of August 8  2012 (DOC-2012-10) as modified on March 28  2024.In addition  this document contains the information required under Article 1  paragraph5-h)  of the Regulation (EU) no. 2017-1129 of June 14  2017  entered into force on July 21  2019.ContactsInvestor RelationsAlexandre EnjalbertHead of Investor Relations+ 33 1 48 18 50 78alexandre.enjalbert@ubisoft.comAbout UbisoftUbisoft is a creator of worlds  committed to enriching players’ lives with original and memorable entertainment experiences. Ubisoft’s global teams create and develop a deep and diverse portfolio of games  featuring brands such as Assassin’s Creed®  Brawlhalla®  For Honor®  Far Cry®  Tom Clancy’s Ghost Recon®  Just Dance®  Rabbids®  Tom Clancy’s Rainbow Six®  The Crew® and Tom Clancy’s The Division®. Through Ubisoft Connect  players can enjoy an ecosystem of services to enhance their gaming experience  get rewards and connect with friends across platforms. With Ubisoft+  the subscription service  they can access a growing catalog of more than 100 Ubisoft games and DLC. For the 2023–24 fiscal year  Ubisoft generated net bookings of €2.32 billion. To learn more  please visit: www.ubisoftgroup.com.© 2024 Ubisoft Entertainment. All Rights Reserved. Ubisoft and the Ubisoft logo are registered trademarks in the US and/or other countries.Attachment,neutral,0.05,0.94,0.01,negative,0.07,0.4,0.53,True,English,"['new employee shareholding operation', 'Ubisoft', '2, rue du Chêne Heleuc', 'twenty daily volume-weighted average prices', 'Fonds Commun de Placement', 'French société anonyme', 'potential protected average increase', 'stock appreciation rights) formula', 'UBISOFT ENTERTAINMENT S.A.', 'new employee shareholding operation', 'Ubisoft Group Savings Plan', 'group savings plans', 'universal registration document', 'French Labour Code', 'Chief Executive Officer', ""three months' seniority"", '5-year term maturity', 'tax/social security deductions', 'applicable exchange rates', 'higher euro cent', 'United Arab Emirates', 'early release cases', 'maximum overall amount', 'share capital increases', 'company mutual fund', 'local legal constraints', 'leverage formula', 'euro amount', 'ISIN code', 'legal, tax', 'United Kingdom', 'United States', 'local regulatory', 'local legislations', 'Euronext Paris', 'RCS Vannes', 'future performance', 'one hand', 'Articles L.', 'other hand', 'subscription/revocation period', 'practical constraint', 'tax constraints', 'initial investment', 'Lock-up period', 'five-year period', 'Article R.', 'Participation price', 'subscription price', 'Reference Price', 'same time', 'Specific sub-ceilings', 'Share price', 'FCPE Envelope', 'SAR Envelope', 'Structuring Board', 'eighteen jurisdictions', 'Fixing Decision', 'Companies Registry', 'ordinary shares', 'Shares +', 'Reference Shares', 'maximum number', 'retired employees', 'Launch Board', 'FCPE Offer', 'SAR Offer', 'The Beneficiaries', '2,300,000 shares', '127,427,965 Shares', '1,000,000 Shares', '1,300,000 Shares', 'Saint-Mandé', 'June', 'France', 'OFFEROR', '56910 Carentoir', 'Trade', 'Information', 'website', 'REASONS', 'order', 'development', 'FRAMEWORK', 'February', 'directors', 'members', 'accordance', 'provisions', 'scope', 'Chairman', 'CEO', 'powers', 'implementation', 'meeting', 'terms', 'CONDITIONS', 'branches', 'Bulgaria', 'Canada', 'China', 'Finland', 'Germany', 'India', 'Italy', 'Japan', 'Netherlands', 'Philippines', 'Romania', 'Singapore', 'Spain', 'Sweden', 'January', 'end', 'assets', 'PEG', 'formulas', 'Entreprise', 'Beneficiary', 'completion', 'September', 'occurrence', 'account', 'particular', 'VWAP', 'subdelegation', 'dates', '15% discount', 'Sour', '1.', '2.', '3.', '4.']",2024-06-13,2024-06-14,globenewswire.com
42726,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/THALES-4715/news/Thales-Spire-Global-and-ESSP-to-Develop-a-Space-Based-Air-Traffic-Surveillance-Service-46964639/,Thales  Spire Global and ESSP to Develop a Space-Based Air Traffic Surveillance Service,(marketscreener.com) Thales  Spire and ESSP are joining forces to develop a satellite constellation and offer new space-based surveillance services for Air Navigation Service Providers .The 100+ satellite constellation will provide real-time air traffic…,Thales  Spire and ESSP are joining forces to develop a satellite constellation and offer new space-based surveillance services for Air Navigation Service Providers (ANSPs). The 100+ satellite constellation will provide real-time air traffic surveillance  enhancing aviation safety  sustainability and airspace security.Thales (Euronext Paris: HO)  Spire Global (NYSE: SPIR)  and European Satellite Services Provider (ESSP) have signed a Memorandum of Cooperation with the goal of introducing a range of innovative global satellite-based surveillance services to the air traffic management (ATM) industry and broader aviation market. These services will be powered by a specialized constellation of over 100 satellites collecting Automatic Dependent Surveillance-Broadcast (ADS-B) messages broadcast from aircraft and transmitting the data back to Earth in real time.Spire will develop the space segment  including system design  building the satellites and payloads  ground control and data collection. Thales will provision the ground air traffic management system and the service supervision infrastructure. ESSP will manage the certification and the delivery of the service for air traffic surveillance purposes and perform H24 operation and supervision  ensuring the compliance with real-time  safety-critical requirements imposed to ATC. The partners will also rely on the Space Alliance* formed by Thales Alenia Space and Telespazio  to identify and implement possible synergies bringing further added value in terms of key-enabling technologies  secured network optimization and sustainable operations and services.The partners plan to certify  commercialize and start the operation of the service by 2027.“The birth of a satellite constellation fully dedicated to serving the demanding needs of air traffic management  air domain awareness and national security is a groundbreaking development for the aviation industry ” said Philip Plantholt  general manager of Aviation at Spire. “Through our strategic partnership with Thales and ESSP  we are poised to offer the first real alternative to the aging systems that exist today and embark on a journey towards even more advanced space-based solutions for aviation in the years to come.”“This innovative satellite-based surveillance service will accelerate the implementation of our new ‘Air Traffic Control as a service’ offering ” said Christian Rivierre  vice president  Airspace Mobility Solutions  Thales. “It will play a crucial role in shaping the future of the skies  serving as a vital facilitator for trajectory-based operations and laying the foundation for a safer  more environmentally friendly  and cost-efficient ATM system. Additionally  this new solution will also draw on the competences of Thales Alenia Space satellite-based surveillance systems.”Charlotte Neyret  chief executive officer of ESSP  said: “Taking the best of three worlds: Space Systems  ATC Systems and ATC Service Provision  is a game-changer for the aviation industry  providing the most valuable solution based on advanced new technologies. Our service is developed driven by users’ needs and expectations to face new service-levels  the challenge of ATC digitization and to support greener and more sustainable air travel. We will provide the full range of ESSP's Space-based CNS expertise to implement and to operate mission-critical services to ensure the highest quality of service to all aviation stakeholders.”The aviation industry faces critical challenges  with safety  security and achieving climate impact neutrality emerging as top priorities. These challenges have placed significant strain on ATM  particularly due to the absence of a surveillance solution that is high performing  scalable  and economically viable.The initiative will rely on Thales's global stature in ATM  built upon more than 50 years of terrestrial surveillance experience and the longstanding space technological background of Thales Alenia Space as a world space leader in telecommunications  earth observation  exploration and navigation. With over 175 satellites launched into orbit and nearly a decade of expertise in developing and operating ADS-B payloads  Spire holds a unique position within the New Space technology landscape. The approach is bolstered by ESSP's credentials as a certified space-based Navigation and Communication service provider  the consortium possesses the ideal resources to tackle these ambitious objectivesThe new end-to-end system will meet the rigorous requirements  including latency  coverage and revisit standards  set by the International Civil Aviation Organization (ICAO) and aviation authorities to be certified for air traffic surveillance.The constellation's satellites are designed to be replenished every five years  ensuring the system offers the latest and most advanced technology. This evolutionary roadmap approach ensures that end users' operational needs are consistently met with the latest advancements.In parallel to building the initial constellation  the companies will design and demonstrate a system that goes beyond ADS-B to geolocate the position of aircraft in real time  without relying on GNSS/GPS satellites. This novel system will provide a resilient solution for tracking aircraft that cannot be impacted by vulnerabilities with GNSS/GPS such as interference or outages. The expected follow-on of a successful demonstration will be the commercialization of a second generation  highly resilient service — opening the door to holistic infrastructure optimization strategies for ANSPs by the end of the coming decade.About ThalesThales (Euronext Paris: HO) is a global leader in advanced technologies specialized in three business domains: Defence & Security  Aeronautics & Space  and Cybersecurity & Digital identity. It develops products and solutions that help make the world safer  greener and more inclusive. The Group invests close to €4 billion a year in Research & Development  particularly in key innovation areas such as AI  cybersecurity  quantum technologies  cloud technologies and 6G. Thales has close to 81 0001 employees in 68 countries. In 2023  the Group generated sales of €18.4 billion._______________________________1 Excluding Transport business  which is being divestedAbout Spire Global  Inc.Spire (NYSE: SPIR) is a global provider of space-based data  analytics and space services  offering unique datasets and powerful insights about Earth so that organizations can make decisions with confidence in a rapidly changing world. Spire builds  owns  and operates a fully deployed satellite constellation that observes the Earth in real time using radio frequency technology. The data acquired by Spire’s satellites provides global weather intelligence  ship and plane movements  and spoofing and jamming detection to better predict how their patterns impact economies  global security  business operations and the environment. Spire also offers Space as a Service solutions that empower customers to leverage its established infrastructure to put their business in space. Spire has nine offices across the U.S.  Canada  UK  Luxembourg  Germany and Singapore. To learn more  visit spire.com.About ESSPESSP SAS (European Satellite Services Provider) is a company owned by 7 keys European ANSPs (Air Navigation Service Providers). ESSP’s core business is the provision of space-based Communication  Navigation and Surveillance (CNS) services. As multi-service CNS provider  we operate complex space-based systems and deliver critical services under strict regulation conditions. ESSP  is the sole private company certified by EASA in Navigation and Communication satellite-based service provision. Our mission is to boost the potential of space-based technologies in critical operations  offering safe and secure services for greener and more connected worlds. We enable satellite technologies to power today's transport solutions around the world  providing essential 24/7 services to air navigation service providers and airspace users. ESSP offers specific engineering expertise including performance and network management of the latest space-based technologies such as but not limited to:GNSS for NavigationDatalink for CommunicationsADS-B technology in SurveillanceLearn more at https://www.essp-sas.eu/  the ESSP News or follow us on LinkedIn  Twitter or YouTube.* About the Space AllianceFounded in 2005  the Space Alliance is a strategic partnership between two major industrial groups  Leonardo and Thales. With more than 10 thousand employees in 12 countries  the Space Alliance combines the capabilities of two joint ventures  Telespazio (Leonardo 67%  Thales 33%) and Thales Alenia Space (Thales 67%  Leonardo 33%). Leveraging Telespazio’s and Thales Alenia Space's combined expertise  the Space Alliance offers a unique range of end-to-end solutions to operators  governments  institutions and space agencies  from satellite manufacturing to services. The Space Alliance addresses numerous space applications  including telecommunications  navigation  Earth observation  exploration  robotics  transportation systems and orbital infrastructures. It relies on this unique joint legacy to shape the future of the space sector  a future where innovation goes hand in hand with sustainability.Telespazio website: https://www.telespazio.com/en/homeThales Alenia Space website: https://www.thalesaleniaspace.com/enView source version on businesswire.com: https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20240613872903/en/,neutral,0.02,0.98,0.01,mixed,0.31,0.28,0.41,True,English,"['Space-Based Air Traffic Surveillance Service', 'Spire Global', 'Thales', 'ESSP', 'Thales Alenia Space satellite-based surveillance systems', 'innovative global satellite-based surveillance services', 'ground air traffic management system', 'innovative satellite-based surveillance service', 'longstanding space technological background', 'air traffic surveillance purposes', 'real-time air traffic surveillance', 'International Civil Aviation Organization', 'new ‘Air Traffic Control', 'European Satellite Services Provider', 'New Space technology landscape', 'new space-based surveillance services', ""end users' operational needs"", 'Air Navigation Service Providers', 'terrestrial surveillance experience', 'air domain awareness', 'world space leader', 'sustainable air travel', 'Automatic Dependent Surveillance-Broadcast', 'real-time, safety-critical requirements', 'chief executive officer', 'climate impact neutrality', 'advanced space-based solutions', 'certified space-based Navigation', 'Communication service provider', 'first real alternative', 'Airspace Mobility Solutions', 'Space-based CNS expertise', 'broader aviation market', 'advanced new technologies', 'evolutionary roadmap approach', '100+ satellite constellation', 'service supervision infrastructure', 'ATC Service Provision', 'cost-efficient ATM system', 'ground control', 'Space Systems', 'surveillance solution', 'users’ needs', 'advanced technology', 'end system', 'space segment', 'Space Alliance', 'aging systems', 'ATC Systems', 'global stature', 'new solution', 'new service-levels', 'mission-critical services', 'demanding needs', 'real time', 'key-enabling technologies', 'sustainable operations', 'rigorous requirements', 'system design', 'service’ offering', 'Spire Global', 'airspace security', 'aviation industry', 'aviation stakeholders', 'aviation authorities', 'Euronext Paris', 'specialized constellation', 'ADS-B) messages', 'possible synergies', 'network optimization', 'groundbreaking development', 'Philip Plantholt', 'general manager', 'strategic partnership', 'Christian Rivierre', 'vice president', 'crucial role', 'vital facilitator', 'trajectory-based operations', 'Charlotte Neyret', 'three worlds', 'valuable solution', 'ATC digitization', 'highest quality', 'top priorities', 'significant strain', 'a decade', 'unique position', 'ideal resources', 'ambitious objectives', 'revisit standards', 'initial constellation', 'ATM) industry', 'national security', 'aviation safety', 'data collection', 'H24 operation', 'full range', 'critical challenges', 'earth observation', 'ADS-B payloads', 'latest advancements', 'ESSP', 'forces', 'ANSPs', 'sustainability', 'NYSE', 'Memorandum', 'Cooperation', 'goal', '100 satellites', 'aircraft', 'certification', 'delivery', 'compliance', 'Telespazio', 'added', 'value', 'terms', 'birth', 'journey', 'years', 'implementation', 'future', 'skies', 'foundation', 'competences', 'game-changer', 'expectations', 'greener', 'The', 'absence', 'initiative', 'telecommunications', 'exploration', '175 satellites', 'orbit', 'credentials', 'consortium', 'latency', 'coverage', 'ICAO', 'parallel', 'companies']",2024-06-13,2024-06-14,marketscreener.com
42727,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.investing.com/news/press-releases/nhoa-voting-results-of-the-mixed-general-meeting-held-on-13-june-2024-93CH-3483683,NHOA: Voting Results of the Mixed General Meeting Held on 13 June 2024 By Investing.com,NHOA: Voting Results of the Mixed General Meeting Held on 13 June 2024,PARIS--(BUSINESS WIRE)--Regulatory News:The Mixed General Meeting of NHOA S.A. (Paris:NHOA) ( « NHOA »)  global player in energy storage and e-mobility  active in the construction of the largest fastcharging network in Southern Europe  whose securities are admitted to trading on the regulated market of Euronext Paris (NHOA.PA)  was held on 13 June 2024 at 10:30 a.m. (Paris time) at 2 Rue Ancelle  92200 Neuilly-sur-Seine  France.The shareholders were convened to vote on the following resolutions:Resolution n °1 - Approval of the individual financial statements of the Company for the financial year ended on 31 December 2023 and discharge to the members of the Board of Directors;- Approval of the individual financial statements of the Company for the financial year ended on 31 December 2023 and discharge to the members of the Board of Directors; Resolution n °2 “ Approval of the consolidated financial statements of the Company for the financial year ended on 31 December 2023;“ Approval of the consolidated financial statements of the Company for the financial year ended on 31 December 2023; Resolution n °3 “ Allocation of the results of the financial year ended on 31 December 2023;“ Allocation of the results of the financial year ended on 31 December 2023; Resolution n °4 “ Approval of the regulated agreements referred to under Articles L.225-38 et seq. of the French Commercial Code;“ Approval of the regulated agreements referred to under Articles L.225-38 of the French Commercial Code; Resolution n °5 “ Approval of the expenses and charges referred to under Article 39 4 ° of the French General Tax Code;“ Approval of the expenses and charges referred to under Article 39 4 ° of the French General Tax Code; Resolution n °6 “ Determination of the attendance fees allocated to the members of the Board of Directors;“ Determination of the attendance fees allocated to the members of the Board of Directors; Resolution n °7 “ Appointment of Mr. Carlalberto Guglielminotti as member of the Board of Directors;“ Appointment of Mr. Carlalberto Guglielminotti as member of the Board of Directors; Resolution n °8 “ Appointment of Mr. Giuseppe Artizzu as member of the Board of Directors;“ Appointment of Mr. Giuseppe Artizzu as member of the Board of Directors; Resolution n °9 “ Appointment of Mrs. Cynthia A Utterback as member of the Board of Directors;“ Appointment of Mrs. Cynthia A Utterback as member of the Board of Directors; Resolution n °10 “ Approval of the compensation policy applicable to all of the Company's corporate officers ( mandataires sociaux ) for the 2024 financial year;“ Approval of the compensation policy applicable to all of the Company's corporate officers ( ) for the 2024 financial year; Resolution n °11 “ Approval of the compensation policy applicable to the Chairman of the Board of Directors for the 2024 financial year;“ Approval of the compensation policy applicable to the Chairman of the Board of Directors for the 2024 financial year; Resolution n °12 “ Approval of the compensation policy applicable to the Chief Executive Officer for the 2024 financial year;“ Approval of the compensation policy applicable to the Chief Executive Officer for the 2024 financial year; Resolution n °13 “ Approval of the compensation policy applicable to the members of the Board of Directors for the 2024 financial year;“ Approval of the compensation policy applicable to the members of the Board of Directors for the 2024 financial year; Resolution n °14 “ Approval of the overall compensation and benefits of any kind paid or granted to the corporate officers ( mandataires sociaux ) for the 2023 financial year;“ Approval of the overall compensation and benefits of any kind paid or granted to the corporate officers ( ) for the 2023 financial year; Resolution n °15 “ Approval of the overall compensation and benefits of any kind paid or granted to the Chief Executive Officer for the 2023 financial year;“ Approval of the overall compensation and benefits of any kind paid or granted to the Chief Executive Officer for the 2023 financial year; Resolution n °16 “ Approval of the overall compensation and benefits of any kind paid or granted to the members of the Board of Directors for the 2023 financial year;“ Approval of the overall compensation and benefits of any kind paid or granted to the members of the Board of Directors for the 2023 financial year; Resolution n °17 “ Appointment of Deloitte & AssociÃ©s  Statutory Auditor in charge of certifying sustainability information;“ Appointment of Deloitte & AssociÃ©s  Statutory Auditor in charge of certifying sustainability information; Resolution n °18 “ Authorisation granted to the Board of Directors to purchase shares of the Company under a share repurchase program;“ Authorisation granted to the Board of Directors to purchase shares of the Company under a share repurchase program; Resolution n °19 “ Delegation of authority granted to the Board of Directors to reduce the Company's share capital by cancelling the Company's own shares under the conditions provided for in Articles L.22-10-62 et seq. of the French Commercial Code;“ Delegation of authority granted to the Board of Directors to reduce the Company's share capital by cancelling the Company's own shares under the conditions provided for in Articles L.22-10-62 of the French Commercial Code; Resolution n °20 “ Delegation of authority granted to the Board of Directors to issue  without preferential subscription rights  ordinary shares and/or securities for the benefit of employees and officers of the Company and employees of related companies  beneficiaries of a company savings plan;“ Delegation of authority granted to the Board of Directors to issue  without preferential subscription rights  ordinary shares and/or securities for the benefit of employees and officers of the Company and employees of related companies  beneficiaries of a company savings plan; Resolution n °21 “ Authorization granted to the Board of Directors to allocate share subscription and/or share purchase options for the benefit of executive officers and employees of the Company and its subsidiaries;“ Authorization granted to the Board of Directors to allocate share subscription and/or share purchase options for the benefit of executive officers and employees of the Company and its subsidiaries; Resolution n °22 “ Amendment to Article 2 Purpose of the Articles of Association of the Company in order to amend the Company's purpose;“ Amendment to Article 2 Purpose of the Articles of Association of the Company in order to amend the Company's purpose; Resolution n °23 “ Amendment to Article 4 Registered Office of the Articles of Association of the Company in order to amend the Company's registered office;“ Amendment to Article 4 Registered Office of the Articles of Association of the Company in order to amend the Company's registered office; Resolution n °24 “ Amendment to Article 18 Chief Executive Officer of the Articles of Association in order to set at 75 years the age limit for the Chief Executive Officer;“ Amendment to Article 18 Chief Executive Officer of the Articles of Association in order to set at 75 years the age limit for the Chief Executive Officer; Resolution n °25 “ Powers for formalities.The shareholders' attendance was as follows:Total number of shares 214 103 780 Total number of shareholders represented or giving a proxy to the chairman or voting by mail 15 Total number of voting rights expressed by the shareholders represented or giving a proxy to the chairman or voting by mail 187 965 213Thus  the quorum reached was of 87 791%.The results of the vote are as follows:Resolution Outcome Votes in favor Votes against Abstention Resolution n °1 Approved 187 965 099 100% 0 0.00 % 114 Resolution n °2 Approved 187 965 099 100 % 0 0.00 % 114 Resolution n °3 Approved 187 965 099 100 % 0 0.00 % 114 Resolution n °4 Approved 187 965 099 100% 0 0.00 % 114 Resolution n °5 Approved 187 965 099 100% 0 0.00 % 114 Resolution n °6 Approved 187 965 099 100% 0 0.00 % 114 Resolution n °7 Approved 187 965 099 100% 0 0.00 % 114 Resolution n °8 Approved 187 271 929 99.63 % 693 170 0.37 % 114 Resolution n °9 Approved 187 965 099 100 % 0 0.00 % 114 Resolution n °10 Approved 187 965 092 100 % 0 0.00 % 121 Resolution n °11 Approved 187 965 092 100 % 0 0.00 % 121 Resolution n °12 Approved 183 919 429 97.85 % 4 045 663 2.15 % 121 Resolution n °13 Approved 187 965 092 100 % 0 0.00 % 121 Resolution n °14 Approved 187 965 092 100 % 0 0.00 % 121 Resolution n °15 Approved 187 965 092 100% 0 0.00 % 121 Resolution n °16 Approved 187 965 092 100% 0 0.00 % 121 Resolution n °17 Approved 187 271 929 100 % 0 0.00 % 693 284 Resolution n °18 Approved 184 938 178 98.39 % 3 026 921 1.61 % 114 Resolution n °19 Approved 187 965 099 100 % 0 0.00 % 114 Resolution n °20 Approved 187 965 098 > 99.99 % 1 114 Resolution n °21 Approved 183 919 435 97.85 % 4 045 664 2.15 % 114 Resolution n °22 Approved 187 965 099 100 % 0 0.00 % 114 Resolution n °23 Approved 187 271 929 100 % 0 0.00 % 693 284 Resolution n °24 Approved 187 965 098 > 99.99 % 1 114 Resolution n °25 Approved 187 965 099 100 % 0 0.00 % 114All the proposed resolutions were approved by the shareholders.NHOA GroupNHOA S.A. (formerly Engie EPS)  global player in energy storage  e-mobility and EV fast and ultra-fast charging network  develops technologies enabling the transition towards clean energy and sustainable mobility  shaping the future of a next generation living in harmony with our planet.Listed on Euronext Paris regulated market (NHOA.PA)  NHOA Group forms part of the ® Mid & Small and CAC ® All-Tradable financial indices.NHOA Group  with offices in France  Spain  Portugal  United Kingdom  United States  Taiwan and Australia  maintains entirely in Italy research  development and production of its technologies.For further information  go to www.nhoagroup.comFollow us on LinkedInFollow us on InstagramView source version on businesswire.com: https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20240613958662/en/Press Office: Claudia Caracausi and Davide Bruzzese  Image Building  +39 02 89011300  nhoa@imagebuilding.itFinancial Communication and Institutional Relations: Chiara Cerri  +39 337 1484534  ir@nhoagroup.comSource: NHOA,neutral,0.02,0.98,0.01,neutral,0.06,0.91,0.02,True,English,"['Mixed General Meeting', 'Voting Results', 'Investing.com', 'NHOA', '13 June', 'The Mixed General Meeting', 'French General Tax Code', 'Mrs. Cynthia A Utterback', 'French Commercial Code', 'largest fastcharging network', 'Mr. Carlalberto Guglielminotti', 'Mr. Giuseppe Artizzu', 'Chief Executive Officer', 'share repurchase program', 'individual financial statements', 'consolidated financial statements', 'NHOA S.A.', 'share capital', 'AssociÃ©s', 'financial year', 'BUSINESS WIRE', 'Regulatory News', 'global player', 'energy storage', 'Southern Europe', 'regulated market', '2 Rue Ancelle', 'following resolutions', 'attendance fees', 'compensation policy', 'corporate officers', 'mandataires sociaux', 'overall compensation', 'Statutory Auditor', 'sustainability information', 'Euronext Paris', 'Paris time', 'regulated agreements', '10:30 a', 'construction', 'securities', '13 June', '92200 Neuilly-sur-Seine', 'France', 'shareholders', 'Approval', 'Company', '31 December', 'discharge', 'members', 'Board', 'Directors', 'Allocation', 'results', 'Articles', 'expenses', 'charges', 'Determination', 'Appointment', 'Chairman', 'benefits', 'kind', 'Deloitte', 'Authorisation', 'shares', 'Delegation', 'authority', 'conditions', '4']",2024-06-13,2024-06-14,investing.com
42728,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.investorsobserver.com/news/qm-pr/5501575114335170,Thales  Spire Global and ESSP to Develop a Space-Based Air Traffic Surveillance Service,Thales  Spire and ESSP are joining forces to develop a satellite constellation and offer new space-based surveillance services for Air Navigation Service Providers (ANSPs).     The 100+ satellite constellation will provide real-time air traffic surveil...,Thales  Spire Global and ESSP to Develop a Space-Based Air Traffic Surveillance ServiceThales  Spire and ESSP are joining forces to develop a satellite constellation and offer new space-based surveillance services for Air Navigation Service Providers (ANSPs).The 100+ satellite constellation will provide real-time air traffic surveillance  enhancing aviation safety  sustainability and airspace security.Thales (Euronext Paris: HO)  Spire Global (NYSE: SPIR)  and European Satellite Services Provider (ESSP) have signed a Memorandum of Cooperation with the goal of introducing a range of innovative global satellite-based surveillance services to the air traffic management (ATM) industry and broader aviation market. These services will be powered by a specialized constellation of over 100 satellites collecting Automatic Dependent Surveillance-Broadcast (ADS-B) messages broadcast from aircraft and transmitting the data back to Earth in real time.Spire will develop the space segment  including system design  building the satellites and payloads  ground control and data collection. Thales will provision the ground air traffic management system and the service supervision infrastructure. ESSP will manage the certification and the delivery of the service for air traffic surveillance purposes and perform H24 operation and supervision  ensuring the compliance with real-time  safety-critical requirements imposed to ATC. The partners will also rely on the Space Alliance* formed by Thales Alenia Space and Telespazio  to identify and implement possible synergies bringing further added value in terms of key-enabling technologies  secured network optimization and sustainable operations and services.The partners plan to certify  commercialize and start the operation of the service by 2027.“ The birth of a satellite constellation fully dedicated to serving the demanding needs of air traffic management  air domain awareness and national security is a groundbreaking development for the aviation industry  ” said Philip Plantholt  general manager of Aviation at Spire. “ Through our strategic partnership with Thales and ESSP  we are poised to offer the first real alternative to the aging systems that exist today and embark on a journey towards even more advanced space-based solutions for aviation in the years to come. ”“ This innovative satellite-based surveillance service will accelerate the implementation of our new ‘Air Traffic Control as a service’ offering  ” said Christian Rivierre  vice president  Airspace Mobility Solutions  Thales. “ It will play a crucial role in shaping the future of the skies  serving as a vital facilitator for trajectory-based operations and laying the foundation for a safer  more environmentally friendly  and cost-efficient ATM system . Additionally  this new solution will also draw on the competences of Thales Alenia Space satellite-based surveillance systems .”Charlotte Neyret  chief executive officer of ESSP  said: “ Taking the best of three worlds: Space Systems  ATC Systems and ATC Service Provision  is a game-changer for the aviation industry  providing the most valuable solution based on advanced new technologies. Our service is developed driven by users’ needs and expectations to face new service-levels  the challenge of ATC digitization and to support greener and more sustainable air travel. We will provide the full range of ESSP's Space-based CNS expertise to implement and to operate mission-critical services to ensure the highest quality of service to all aviation stakeholders. ”The aviation industry faces critical challenges  with safety  security and achieving climate impact neutrality emerging as top priorities. These challenges have placed significant strain on ATM  particularly due to the absence of a surveillance solution that is high performing  scalable  and economically viable.The initiative will rely on Thales's global stature in ATM  built upon more than 50 years of terrestrial surveillance experience and the longstanding space technological background of Thales Alenia Space as a world space leader in telecommunications  earth observation  exploration and navigation. With over 175 satellites launched into orbit and nearly a decade of expertise in developing and operating ADS-B payloads  Spire holds a unique position within the New Space technology landscape. The approach is bolstered by ESSP's credentials as a certified space-based Navigation and Communication service provider  the consortium possesses the ideal resources to tackle these ambitious objectivesThe new end-to-end system will meet the rigorous requirements  including latency  coverage and revisit standards  set by the International Civil Aviation Organization (ICAO) and aviation authorities to be certified for air traffic surveillance.The constellation's satellites are designed to be replenished every five years  ensuring the system offers the latest and most advanced technology. This evolutionary roadmap approach ensures that end users' operational needs are consistently met with the latest advancements.In parallel to building the initial constellation  the companies will design and demonstrate a system that goes beyond ADS-B to geolocate the position of aircraft in real time  without relying on GNSS/GPS satellites. This novel system will provide a resilient solution for tracking aircraft that cannot be impacted by vulnerabilities with GNSS/GPS such as interference or outages. The expected follow-on of a successful demonstration will be the commercialization of a second generation  highly resilient service — opening the door to holistic infrastructure optimization strategies for ANSPs by the end of the coming decade.About ThalesThales (Euronext Paris: HO) is a global leader in advanced technologies specialized in three business domains: Defence & Security  Aeronautics & Space  and Cybersecurity & Digital identity. It develops products and solutions that help make the world safer  greener and more inclusive. The Group invests close to €4 billion a year in Research & Development  particularly in key innovation areas such as AI  cybersecurity  quantum technologies  cloud technologies and 6G. Thales has close to 81 000 1 employees in 68 countries. In 2023  the Group generated sales of €18.4 billion._______________________________1 Excluding Transport business  which is being divestedAbout Spire Global  Inc.Spire (NYSE: SPIR) is a global provider of space-based data  analytics and space services  offering unique datasets and powerful insights about Earth so that organizations can make decisions with confidence in a rapidly changing world. Spire builds  owns  and operates a fully deployed satellite constellation that observes the Earth in real time using radio frequency technology. The data acquired by Spire’s satellites provides global weather intelligence  ship and plane movements  and spoofing and jamming detection to better predict how their patterns impact economies  global security  business operations and the environment. Spire also offers Space as a Service solutions that empower customers to leverage its established infrastructure to put their business in space. Spire has nine offices across the U.S.  Canada  UK  Luxembourg  Germany and Singapore. To learn more  visit spire.com .About ESSPESSP SAS (European Satellite Services Provider) is a company owned by 7 keys European ANSPs (Air Navigation Service Providers). ESSP’s core business is the provision of space-based Communication  Navigation and Surveillance (CNS) services. As multi-service CNS provider  we operate complex space-based systems and deliver critical services under strict regulation conditions. ESSP  is the sole private company certified by EASA in Navigation and Communication satellite-based service provision. Our mission is to boost the potential of space-based technologies in critical operations  offering safe and secure services for greener and more connected worlds. We enable satellite technologies to power today's transport solutions around the world  providing essential 24/7 services to air navigation service providers and airspace users. ESSP offers specific engineering expertise including performance and network management of the latest space-based technologies such as but not limited to:GNSS for NavigationDatalink for CommunicationsADS-B technology in SurveillanceLearn more at https://www.essp-sas.eu/   the ESSP News or follow us on LinkedIn   Twitter or YouTube .* About the Space AllianceFounded in 2005  the Space Alliance is a strategic partnership between two major industrial groups  Leonardo and Thales. With more than 10 thousand employees in 12 countries  the Space Alliance combines the capabilities of two joint ventures  Telespazio (Leonardo 67%  Thales 33%) and Thales Alenia Space (Thales 67%  Leonardo 33%). Leveraging Telespazio’s and Thales Alenia Space's combined expertise  the Space Alliance offers a unique range of end-to-end solutions to operators  governments  institutions and space agencies  from satellite manufacturing to services. The Space Alliance addresses numerous space applications  including telecommunications  navigation  Earth observation  exploration  robotics  transportation systems and orbital infrastructures. It relies on this unique joint legacy to shape the future of the space sector  a future where innovation goes hand in hand with sustainability.Telespazio website: https://www.telespazio.com/en/homeThales Alenia Space website: https://www.thalesaleniaspace.com/enView source version on businesswire.com: https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20240613872903/en/For media:Kristina SpychalskiHead of CommunicationsComms@spire.comFor investors:Benjamin HackmanHead of Investor RelationsBenjamin.Hackman@spire.com,neutral,0.02,0.98,0.01,mixed,0.28,0.36,0.36,True,English,"['Space-Based Air Traffic Surveillance Service', 'Spire Global', 'Thales', 'ESSP', 'Thales Alenia Space satellite-based surveillance systems', 'innovative global satellite-based surveillance services', 'Space-Based Air Traffic Surveillance Service', 'ground air traffic management system', 'innovative satellite-based surveillance service', 'air traffic surveillance purposes', 'longstanding space technological background', 'real-time air traffic surveillance', 'International Civil Aviation Organization', 'new ‘Air Traffic Control', 'new space-based surveillance services', 'European Satellite Services Provider', 'New Space technology landscape', 'Air Navigation Service Providers', ""end users' operational needs"", 'terrestrial surveillance experience', 'air domain awareness', 'advanced space-based solutions', 'certified space-based Navigation', 'sustainable air travel', 'world space leader', 'Communication service provider', 'Automatic Dependent Surveillance-Broadcast', 'real-time, safety-critical requirements', 'chief executive officer', 'climate impact neutrality', 'Space-based CNS expertise', 'first real alternative', 'Airspace Mobility Solutions', 'broader aviation market', 'advanced new technologies', 'evolutionary roadmap approach', '100+ satellite constellation', 'service supervision infrastructure', 'ATC Service Provision', 'cost-efficient ATM system', 'ground control', 'Space Systems', 'surveillance solution', 'users’ needs', 'advanced technology', 'end system', 'space segment', 'Space Alliance', 'aging systems', 'ATC Systems', 'new solution', 'new service-levels', 'mission-critical services', 'global stature', 'demanding needs', 'system design', 'service’ offering', 'real time', 'key-enabling technologies', 'sustainable operations', 'rigorous requirements', 'airspace security', 'aviation industry', 'aviation stakeholders', 'aviation authorities', 'Spire Global', 'Euronext Paris', 'specialized constellation', 'ADS-B) messages', 'possible synergies', 'network optimization', 'groundbreaking development', 'Philip Plantholt', 'general manager', 'strategic partnership', 'Christian Rivierre', 'vice president', 'crucial role', 'vital facilitator', 'trajectory-based operations', 'Charlotte Neyret', 'three worlds', 'valuable solution', 'ATC digitization', 'highest quality', 'top priorities', 'significant strain', 'unique position', 'ideal resources', 'ambitious objectives', 'revisit standards', 'ATM) industry', 'national security', 'aviation safety', 'data collection', 'H24 operation', 'full range', 'critical challenges', 'earth observation', 'ADS-B payloads', 'latest advancements', 'ESSP', 'forces', 'ANSPs', 'The', 'sustainability', 'NYSE', 'Memorandum', 'Cooperation', 'goal', '100 satellites', 'aircraft', 'certification', 'delivery', 'compliance', 'Telespazio', 'added', 'value', 'terms', 'birth', 'journey', 'years', 'implementation', 'future', 'skies', 'foundation', 'competences', 'game-changer', 'expectations', 'greener', 'absence', 'initiative', 'telecommunications', 'exploration', '175 satellites', 'orbit', 'decade', 'credentials', 'consortium', 'latency', 'coverage', 'ICAO']",2024-06-13,2024-06-14,investorsobserver.com
42729,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2024/06/13/2897978/0/en/Technip-Energies-JGC-and-NMDC-Energy-awarded-a-major-contract-for-ADNOC-s-Ruwais-LNG-project-in-the-UAE.html,Technip Energies  JGC and NMDC Energy awarded a major contract for ADNOC’s Ruwais LNG project in the UAE,Technip Energies (PARIS:TE)  leader of a joint venture (TJN RUWAIS JV) with JGC and NMDC Energy  have been awarded a major contract(1) by ADNOC for the engineering  procurement and construction (EPC) of the lower-carbon Ruwais LNG project  located in Al Ruwai…,"Technip Energies (PARIS:TE)  leader of a joint venture (TJN RUWAIS JV) with JGC and NMDC Energy  have been awarded a major contract(1) by ADNOC for the engineering  procurement and construction (EPC) of the lower-carbon Ruwais LNG project  located in Al Ruwais Industrial City  Abu Dhabi.The project will consist of two natural gas liquefaction trains with a total LNG production capacity of 9.6 Mtpa(2). The plant will use electric-driven motors instead of conventional gas turbines and will be powered by clean energy.The plant is set to be the first LNG export facility in the Middle East and North Africa (MENA) region to run on clean power  making it one of the lowest-carbon intensity LNG plants in the world.The project will more than double ADNOC's LNG production capacity aligning with global natural gas demand and the shift towards decarbonization.Arnaud Pieton  CEO of Technip Energies  commented  “We are honored to have been awarded by ADNOC the Ruwais LNG project  a pioneering initiative in the LNG sector. By powering electrified LNG trains with nuclear energy  this project sets a new standard for energy security and sustainability. By leveraging our low-carbon and electrified LNG leadership we will support ADNOC’s position as a reliable global natural gas supplier and commitment to decarbonization.”Farhan Mujib  Representative Director  President of JGC  commented  “We are highly honored to have been awarded in this innovative lower-carbon LNG project which will be the next generation of energy security and sustainability. We commit to leveraging our capabilities and experience for the lower-carbon Ruwais LNG project  bringing our proven track record in the LNG field. We are convinced this will contribute to the success of the project and enhance economic growth in the UAE.”Ahmed Al Dhaheri  CEO of NMDC Energy  commented  ""We are proud to be entrusted by ADNOC with the Ruwais LNG project  which strengthens our position in the UAE’s energy landscape and underscores our dedication to advancing the country’s sustainable development. Utilizing nuclear energy for LNG production not only sets a new international standard for low-emission energy but also aligns with the UAE’s strategy for a sustainable future.”(1) A “major” award for Technip Energies is a contract award representing above €1 billion of revenue.(2) Mtpa: million tons per annumAbout Technip EnergiesTechnip Energies is a leading Engineering & Technology company for the energy transition  with leadership positions in LNG  hydrogen and ethylene as well as growing market positions in blue and green hydrogen  sustainable chemistry and CO 2 management. The Company benefits from its robust project delivery model supported by an extensive technology  products and services offering.Operating in 34 countries  our 15 000 people are fully committed to bringing our clients’ innovative projects to life  breaking boundaries to accelerate the energy transition for a better tomorrow.Technip Energies shares are listed on Euronext Paris. In addition  Technip Energies has a Level 1 sponsored American Depositary Receipts (“ADR”) program  with its ADRs trading over the counter.For further information: www.ten.comContactsInvestor Relations Media RelationsPhillip Lindsay Jason HyonneVice-President Investor Relations Press Relations & Social Media ManagerTel: +44 207 585 5051 Tel: +33 1 47 78 22 89Email: Phillip Lindsay Email: Jason HyonneImportant Information for Investors and SecurityholdersForward-Looking StatementsThis press release contains forward-looking statements that reflect Technip Energies’ (the “Company”) intentions  beliefs or current expectations and projections about the Company’s future results of operations  anticipated revenues  earnings  cashflows  financial condition  liquidity  performance  prospects  anticipated growth  strategies and opportunities and the markets in which the Company operates. Forward-looking statements are often identified by the words “believe”  “expect”  “anticipate”  “plan”  “intend”  “foresee”  “should”  “would”  “could”  “may”  “estimate”  “outlook”  and similar expressions  including the negative thereof. The absence of these words  however  does not mean that the statements are not forward-looking. These forward-looking statements are based on the Company’s current expectations  beliefs and assumptions concerning future developments and business conditions and their potential effect on the Company. While the Company believes that these forward-looking statements are reasonable as and when made  there can be no assurance that future developments affecting the Company will be those that the Company anticipates.All of the Company’s forward-looking statements involve risks and uncertainties  some of which are significant or beyond the Company’s control  and assumptions that could cause actual results to differ materially from the Company’s historical experience and the Company’s present expectations or projections. Should one or more of these risks or uncertainties materialize  or should underlying assumptions prove incorrect  actual results may vary materially from those set forth in the forward-looking statements.For information regarding known material factors that could cause actual results to differ from projected results  please see the Company’s risk factors set forth in the Company’s 2023 Annual Financial Report filed on March 8  2024  with the Dutch Autoriteit Financiële Markten (AFM) and the French Autorité des Marchés Financiers (AMF) which include a discussion of factors that could affect the Company’s future performance and the markets in which the Company operates.Forward-looking statements involve inherent risks and uncertainties and speak only as of the date they are made. The Company undertakes no duty to and will not necessarily update any of the forward-looking statements in light of new information or future events  except to the extent required by applicable law.Attachments",neutral,0.06,0.93,0.01,mixed,0.45,0.29,0.26,True,English,"['Ruwais LNG project', 'Technip Energies', 'NMDC Energy', 'major contract', 'JGC', 'ADNOC', 'UAE', 'reliable global natural gas supplier', 'two natural gas liquefaction trains', 'Vice-President Investor Relations Press Relations', 'global natural gas demand', 'Investor Relations Media Relations', 'first LNG export facility', 'lowest-carbon intensity LNG plants', 'Al Ruwais Industrial City', 'robust project delivery model', 'total LNG production capacity', 'lower-carbon Ruwais LNG project', 'innovative lower-carbon LNG project', 'conventional gas turbines', 'electrified LNG trains', 'TJN RUWAIS JV', 'Ahmed Al Dhaheri', 'clients’ innovative projects', 'Social Media Manager', 'proven track record', 'American Depositary Receipts', 'electrified LNG leadership', 'growing market positions', 'new international standard', 'Technip Energies shares', 'press release', 'LNG sector', 'LNG field', 'new standard', 'leadership positions', 'joint venture', 'NMDC Energy', 'major contract', 'Abu Dhabi', 'electric-driven motors', 'clean energy', 'Middle East', 'North Africa', 'clean power', 'Arnaud Pieton', 'pioneering initiative', 'nuclear energy', 'energy security', 'Farhan Mujib', 'Representative Director', 'next generation', 'energy landscape', 'sustainable development', 'low-emission energy', 'sustainable future', 'major” award', 'contract award', 'million tons', 'energy transition', 'sustainable chemistry', 'CO 2 management', 'extensive technology', 'services offering', 'Phillip Lindsay', 'Jason Hyonne', 'current expectations', 'future results', 'financial condition', 'similar expressions', 'future developments', 'business conditions', 'potential effect', 'actual results', 'present expectations', 'Forward-Looking Statements', 'economic growth', 'leading Engineering', 'green hydrogen', 'Euronext Paris', 'Important Information', 'historical experience', 'Technology company', 'The Company', 'JGC', 'ADNOC', 'procurement', 'construction', 'EPC', '9.6 Mtpa', 'MENA', 'region', 'world', 'shift', 'decarbonization', 'CEO', 'sustainability', 'low-carbon', 'commitment', 'capabilities', 'success', 'UAE', 'dedication', 'country', 'strategy', 'revenue', 'annum', 'ethylene', 'blue', 'products', '34 countries', '15,000 people', 'life', 'boundaries', 'tomorrow', 'addition', 'Level 1', 'program', 'ADRs', 'counter', 'Contacts', 'Tel', 'Email', 'Investors', 'Securityholders', 'intentions', 'beliefs', 'projections', 'operations', 'earnings', 'cashflows', 'liquidity', 'performance', 'prospects', 'strategies', 'opportunities', 'markets', 'words', 'outlook', 'absence', 'assumptions', 'assurance', 'risks', 'uncertainties', 'control', '33 1']",2024-06-13,2024-06-14,globenewswire.com
42730,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/TECHNIP-ENERGIES-N-V-118964900/news/Technip-Energies-JGC-and-NMDC-Energy-awarded-a-major-contract-for-ADNOC-s-Ruwais-LNG-project-in-t-46962864/,Technip Energies  JGC and NMDC Energy awarded a major contract for ADNOC's Ruwais LNG project in the UAE,(marketscreener.com) Technip Energies   leader of a joint venture with JGC and NMDC Energy  have been awarded a major contract by ADNOC for the engineering  procurement and construction of the lower-carbon Ruwais LNG project  located in Al Ruwais Industrial C…,"Technip Energies (PARIS:TE)  leader of a joint venture (TJN RUWAIS JV) with JGC and NMDC Energy  have been awarded a major contract(1) by ADNOC for the engineering  procurement and construction (EPC) of the lower-carbon Ruwais LNG project  located in Al Ruwais Industrial City  Abu Dhabi.The project will consist of two natural gas liquefaction trains with a total LNG production capacity of 9.6 Mtpa(2). The plant will use electric-driven motors instead of conventional gas turbines and will be powered by clean energy.The plant is set to be the first LNG export facility in the Middle East and North Africa (MENA) region to run on clean power  making it one of the lowest-carbon intensity LNG plants in the world.The project will more than double ADNOC's LNG production capacity aligning with global natural gas demand and the shift towards decarbonization.Arnaud Pieton  CEO of Technip Energies  commented  “We are honored to have been awarded by ADNOC the Ruwais LNG project  a pioneering initiative in the LNG sector. By powering electrified LNG trains with nuclear energy  this project sets a new standard for energy security and sustainability. By leveraging our low-carbon and electrified LNG leadership we will support ADNOC’s position as a reliable global natural gas supplier and commitment to decarbonization.”Farhan Mujib  Representative Director  President of JGC  commented  “We are highly honored to have been awarded in this innovative lower-carbon LNG project which will be the next generation of energy security and sustainability. We commit to leveraging our capabilities and experience for the lower-carbon Ruwais LNG project  bringing our proven track record in the LNG field. We are convinced this will contribute to the success of the project and enhance economic growth in the UAE.”Ahmed Al Dhaheri  CEO of NMDC Energy  commented  ""We are proud to be entrusted by ADNOC with the Ruwais LNG project  which strengthens our position in the UAE’s energy landscape and underscores our dedication to advancing the country’s sustainable development. Utilizing nuclear energy for LNG production not only sets a new international standard for low-emission energy but also aligns with the UAE’s strategy for a sustainable future.”(1) A “major” award for Technip Energies is a contract award representing above €1 billion of revenue.(2) Mtpa: million tons per annumAbout Technip EnergiesTechnip Energies is a leading Engineering & Technology company for the energy transition  with leadership positions in LNG  hydrogen and ethylene as well as growing market positions in blue and green hydrogen  sustainable chemistry and CO 2 management. The Company benefits from its robust project delivery model supported by an extensive technology  products and services offering.Operating in 34 countries  our 15 000 people are fully committed to bringing our clients’ innovative projects to life  breaking boundaries to accelerate the energy transition for a better tomorrow.Technip Energies shares are listed on Euronext Paris. In addition  Technip Energies has a Level 1 sponsored American Depositary Receipts (“ADR”) program  with its ADRs trading over the counter.For further information: www.ten.comContactsInvestor Relations Media RelationsPhillip Lindsay Jason HyonneVice-President Investor Relations Press Relations & Social Media ManagerTel: +44 207 585 5051 Tel: +33 1 47 78 22 89Email: Phillip Lindsay Email: Jason HyonneImportant Information for Investors and SecurityholdersForward-Looking StatementsThis press release contains forward-looking statements that reflect Technip Energies’ (the “Company”) intentions  beliefs or current expectations and projections about the Company’s future results of operations  anticipated revenues  earnings  cashflows  financial condition  liquidity  performance  prospects  anticipated growth  strategies and opportunities and the markets in which the Company operates. Forward-looking statements are often identified by the words “believe”  “expect”  “anticipate”  “plan”  “intend”  “foresee”  “should”  “would”  “could”  “may”  “estimate”  “outlook”  and similar expressions  including the negative thereof. The absence of these words  however  does not mean that the statements are not forward-looking. These forward-looking statements are based on the Company’s current expectations  beliefs and assumptions concerning future developments and business conditions and their potential effect on the Company. While the Company believes that these forward-looking statements are reasonable as and when made  there can be no assurance that future developments affecting the Company will be those that the Company anticipates.All of the Company’s forward-looking statements involve risks and uncertainties  some of which are significant or beyond the Company’s control  and assumptions that could cause actual results to differ materially from the Company’s historical experience and the Company’s present expectations or projections. Should one or more of these risks or uncertainties materialize  or should underlying assumptions prove incorrect  actual results may vary materially from those set forth in the forward-looking statements.For information regarding known material factors that could cause actual results to differ from projected results  please see the Company’s risk factors set forth in the Company’s 2023 Annual Financial Report filed on March 8  2024  with the Dutch Autoriteit Financiële Markten (AFM) and the French Autorité des Marchés Financiers (AMF) which include a discussion of factors that could affect the Company’s future performance and the markets in which the Company operates.Forward-looking statements involve inherent risks and uncertainties and speak only as of the date they are made. The Company undertakes no duty to and will not necessarily update any of the forward-looking statements in light of new information or future events  except to the extent required by applicable law.Attachments",neutral,0.04,0.95,0.01,mixed,0.45,0.29,0.26,True,English,"['Ruwais LNG project', 'Technip Energies', 'NMDC Energy', 'major contract', 'JGC', 'ADNOC', 'UAE', 'reliable global natural gas supplier', 'two natural gas liquefaction trains', 'Vice-President Investor Relations Press Relations', 'global natural gas demand', 'Investor Relations Media Relations', 'first LNG export facility', 'lowest-carbon intensity LNG plants', 'Al Ruwais Industrial City', 'robust project delivery model', 'total LNG production capacity', 'lower-carbon Ruwais LNG project', 'innovative lower-carbon LNG project', 'conventional gas turbines', 'electrified LNG trains', 'TJN RUWAIS JV', 'Ahmed Al Dhaheri', 'clients’ innovative projects', 'Social Media Manager', 'proven track record', 'American Depositary Receipts', 'electrified LNG leadership', 'growing market positions', 'new international standard', 'Technip Energies shares', 'press release', 'LNG sector', 'LNG field', 'new standard', 'leadership positions', 'joint venture', 'NMDC Energy', 'major contract', 'Abu Dhabi', 'electric-driven motors', 'clean energy', 'Middle East', 'North Africa', 'clean power', 'Arnaud Pieton', 'pioneering initiative', 'nuclear energy', 'energy security', 'Farhan Mujib', 'Representative Director', 'next generation', 'energy landscape', 'sustainable development', 'low-emission energy', 'sustainable future', 'major” award', 'contract award', 'million tons', 'energy transition', 'sustainable chemistry', 'CO 2 management', 'extensive technology', 'services offering', 'Phillip Lindsay', 'Jason Hyonne', 'current expectations', 'future results', 'financial condition', 'similar expressions', 'future developments', 'business conditions', 'potential effect', 'actual results', 'present expectations', 'Forward-Looking Statements', 'economic growth', 'leading Engineering', 'green hydrogen', 'Euronext Paris', 'Important Information', 'historical experience', 'Technology company', 'The Company', 'JGC', 'ADNOC', 'procurement', 'construction', 'EPC', '9.6 Mtpa', 'MENA', 'region', 'world', 'shift', 'decarbonization', 'CEO', 'sustainability', 'low-carbon', 'commitment', 'capabilities', 'success', 'UAE', 'dedication', 'country', 'strategy', 'revenue', 'annum', 'ethylene', 'blue', 'products', '34 countries', '15,000 people', 'life', 'boundaries', 'tomorrow', 'addition', 'Level 1', 'program', 'ADRs', 'counter', 'Contacts', 'Tel', 'Email', 'Investors', 'Securityholders', 'intentions', 'beliefs', 'projections', 'operations', 'earnings', 'cashflows', 'liquidity', 'performance', 'prospects', 'strategies', 'opportunities', 'markets', 'words', 'outlook', 'absence', 'assumptions', 'assurance', 'risks', 'uncertainties', 'control', '33 1']",2024-06-13,2024-06-14,marketscreener.com
42731,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/AMPLIFON-S-P-A-179254/news/Aging-Gracefully-GenXers-and-Boomers-May-Not-Be-Showing-Their-True-Age-but-There-Is-One-Thing-They-46969848/,Aging Gracefully; GenXers and Boomers May Not Be Showing Their True Age  but There Is One Thing They Are Forgetting to Check,(marketscreener.com) 72% of GenXers and Boomers Reported Hearing Loss Has Negative Impacts on Mental  Physical  and Financial Health Although New Survey Reveals Widespread Inaction Among Aging Americanshttps://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/AMPLIFON-S-…,72% of GenXers and Boomers Reported Hearing Loss Has Negative Impacts on Mental  Physical  and Financial Health Although New Survey Reveals Widespread Inaction Among Aging AmericansA new survey conducted by Miracle-Ear   an Amplifon company  found that the Gen X and Baby Boomer populations  those 44 - 78 years old  have already been impacted by hearing loss to some degree. With more than seven decades of caring for Americans’ hearing health  Miracle-Ear is celebrating its 76th anniversary with the survey and captured data from 1 000 U.S. adults in those two generations.The findings revealed that 75% reported at least one experience with hearing difficulty in the past year  and 21% of the respondents have definitely experienced hearing loss. Additionally  the survey found that 84% of participants say they’re personally concerned about hearing loss  and 99% believe it is important for their age group to proactively address hearing loss.72% of respondents who have hearing loss say it has impacted their ability to participate in family activities  and a notable number of respondents also report impacts on mental health  hobbies  work  and finances. While these generations are concerned for their hearing health  the majority are not regularly visiting a hearing care professional  citing 57% have done nothing to monitor  test  or address hearing loss in the past year (62% of Baby Boomers and 51% of Gen X).“This recent Miracle-Ear survey reveals a significant concern among Americans: the fear of losing independence due to hearing loss ” said Dr. Thomas Tedeschi  Ph.D  Au.D  FNAP  Chief Audiology Officer at Miracle-Ear. “This highlights the critical need for prevention  early intervention  and continuous management of hearing health. Practicing good volume hygiene  such as being mindful of the volume when using earbuds  is one way to protect hearing proactively. Promptly addressing hearing issues can help individuals maintain their independence and overall quality of life.”With advanced hearing technology and smartphone connectivity  Boomers and GenXers see the benefits of hearing aids and are acting much quicker than older generations. In fact  75% believe hearing loss solutions are now better than they were during their youth. And a 53% majority say there isn’t much of a stigma associated with wearing hearing aids nowadays. However  this drops to 46% among Gen X.Additional takeaways from the survey include:Being mindful of loud noises this summer : 98% of Gen X/Baby Boomers will experience loud noise this summer  most commonly at concerts or festivals (90%)  and during 4th of July fireworks (89%).: 98% of Gen X/Baby Boomers will experience loud noise this summer  most commonly at concerts or festivals (90%)  and during 4th of July fireworks (89%). On repeat : A majority (56%) have had to ask friends or family to repeat themselves in conversation. Baby Boomers are more likely to report difficulty hearing a grandchild  while Gen X is more likely to report trouble hearing on a video chat.: A majority (56%) have had to ask friends or family to repeat themselves in conversation. Baby Boomers are more likely to report difficulty hearing a grandchild  while Gen X is more likely to report trouble hearing on a video chat. Importance of friends and family : 87% know others who’ve experienced hearing loss  most commonly their parents  reported by a 51% majority of Gen X. Baby Boomers are more likely to report hearing loss of their spouse or siblings.: 87% know others who’ve experienced hearing loss  most commonly their parents  reported by a 51% majority of Gen X. Baby Boomers are more likely to report hearing loss of their spouse or siblings. First timers : 89% of respondents who haven’t had hearing loss yet are likely to seek professional help once they begin to experience problems.: 89% of respondents who haven’t had hearing loss are likely to seek professional help once they begin to experience problems. Aftercare offerings: 96% say that lifetime free service is particularly impactful and would influence their decision to seek treatment for hearing loss.About Miracle-Ear®For more than 75 years  Miracle-Ear® has been a leader in providing innovative hearing solutions that improve lives  relationships  and communities. Based in Minneapolis  Minnesota  Miracle-Ear has a retail network of more than 1 500 locally franchised and corporate-owned stores in all 50 U.S. states. Every Miracle-Ear store leverages leading-edge technology to customize hearing solutions that will fit each customer's individual needs  lifestyle  and budget. The Miracle-Ear brand is owned by Amplifon – the global leader in hearing care with more than 9 200 points-of-sale in 25 countries. For more information  visit www.miracle-ear.comAbout AmplifonAmplifon is the world's leading group in hearing care services and solutions. Its goal is to empower people with hearing loss to rediscover all the emotions of sound  offering innovative and personalized products and services to guarantee the best solution for each customer. Founded in Milan  Italy in 1950  Amplifon is now present in 26 countries around the world with approximately 9 700 points of sale and more than 20 300 people representing over 100 nationalities. It is listed on the Milan Stock Exchange (Euronext Milan) and has annual revenues of more than 2 billion euros. For more information: For more information: https://corporate.amplifon.comMethodologyThis sample of 1000 Gen X and Baby Boomer U.S. adults (aged 44 to 76) was surveyed between May 24  2024 and May 26  2024. DKC Analytics conducted and analyzed this survey with a sample procured using the Pollfish survey delivery platform  which delivers online surveys globally through mobile apps and the mobile web along with the desktop web. No post- stratification has been applied to the results.View source version on businesswire.com: https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20240613002889/en/,positive,0.5,0.47,0.03,mixed,0.2,0.36,0.44,True,English,"['True Age', 'One Thing', 'GenXers', 'Boomers', 'Gen X. Baby Boomers', '1,000 U.S. adults', 'Dr. Thomas Tedeschi', 'Chief Audiology Officer', 'lifetime free service', '50 U.S. states', 'Baby Boomer populations', 'Gen X/Baby Boomers', 'good volume hygiene', 'advanced hearing technology', 'Every Miracle-Ear store', 'The Miracle-Ear brand', 'hearing care professional', 'hearing care services', 'innovative hearing solutions', 'hearing loss solutions', 'recent Miracle-Ear survey', 'leading-edge technology', 'professional help', 'hearing health', 'hearing issues', 'hearing aids', 'trouble hearing', 'Financial Health', 'Widespread Inaction', 'seven decades', '76th anniversary', 'one experience', 'past year', 'age group', 'notable number', 'mental health', 'significant concern', 'Ph.D', 'Au.D', 'critical need', 'early intervention', 'continuous management', 'one way', 'overall quality', 'smartphone connectivity', 'Additional takeaways', 'loud noises', 'video chat', 'First timers', 'Aftercare offerings', 'retail network', '1,500 locally franchised', 'corporate-owned stores', 'individual needs', 'leading group', 'personalized products', 'best solution', 'New Survey', 'two generations', 'older generations', 'Negative Impacts', 'hearing difficulty', 'global leader', 'Aging Americans', 'Amplifon company', 'family activities', 'July fireworks', 'Miracle-Ear®', 'GenXers', 'degree', 'data', 'findings', 'respondents', 'participants', 'ability', 'hobbies', 'finances', 'majority', 'fear', 'independence', 'FNAP', 'prevention', 'earbuds', 'individuals', 'benefits', 'fact', 'youth', 'stigma', 'concerts', 'festivals', '4th', 'repeat', 'friends', 'conversation', 'grandchild', 'Importance', 'others', 'parents', 'spouse', 'siblings', 'problems', 'decision', 'treatment', '75 years', 'lives', 'relationships', 'communities', 'Minneapolis', 'Minnesota', 'customer', 'lifestyle', 'budget', '9,200 points', 'sale', '25 countries', 'information', 'world', 'goal', 'people', 'emotions', 'sound', 'Milan', 'Italy', '90']",2024-06-13,2024-06-14,marketscreener.com
42732,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2024/06/13/2897981/0/en/BGHL-GBP-NAV-s.html,BGHL (GBP): NAV(s),BOUSSARD & GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITED   Ordinary Shares  The Directors of Boussard & Gavaudan Holding...,"BOUSSARD & GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITEDOrdinary SharesThe Directors of Boussard & Gavaudan Holding Limited would like to announce the following information for the Company.Close of business 12 Jun 2024.Estimated NAVEuro Shares Sterling Shares Estimated NAV € 28.1560 £ 25.2499 Estimated MTD return 0.54 % 0.58 % Estimated YTD return 2.21 % 2.77 % Estimated ITD return 181.56 % 152.50 %NAV and returns are calculated net of management and performance feesMarket informationEuro Shares Amsterdam (AEX) London (LSE) Market Close € 26.20 N/A Premium/discount to estimated NAV -6.95 % N/A Sterling Shares Amsterdam (AEX) London (LSE) Market Close N/A GBX 2 150.00 Premium/discount to estimated NAV N/A -14.85 %Transactions in own securities purchased into treasuryOrdinary Shares Euro Shares Sterling Shares Number of shares N/A N/A Average Price N/A N/A Range of Price N/A N/ALiquidity Enhancement Agreement Euro Shares Sterling Shares Number of shares N/A N/A Average Price N/A N/ABGHL CapitalBGHL Ordinary Shares Euro Shares Sterling Shares Shares Outstanding 12 299 516 123 090 Held in treasury N/A N/A Shares Issued 12 299 516 123 090Estimated BG Fund NAVClass B Euro Shares (estimated) € 253.1619 Class GBP A Shares (estimated) £ 135.2847The Class B Euro Shares of BG Fund are not subject to investment manager fees  as the Investment Manager receives management fees and performance fees in respect of its role as Investment Manager of BGHL.For further information please contact:Boussard & Gavaudan Investment Management  LLP.Emmanuel Gavaudan +44 (0) 20 3751 5389 Email : info@bgam-uk.comThe Company is established as a closed-ended investment company domiciled in Guernsey. The Company has received the necessary approval of the Guernsey Financial Services Commission and the States of Guernsey Policy Council. The Company is registered with the Dutch Authority for the Financial Markets as a collective investment scheme pursuant to article 2:73 in conjunction with 2:66 of the Dutch Financial Supervision Act (Wet op het financieel toezicht). The shares of the Company (the ""Shares"") are listed on Euronext Amsterdam. The Shares are also listed on the Official List of the UK Listing Authority and admitted to trading on the London Stock Exchange plc's main market for listed securities.This is not an offer to sell or a solicitation of any offer to buy any securities in the United States or in any other jurisdiction. This announcement is not intended to and does not constitute  or form part of  any offer or invitation to purchase any securities or the solicitation of any vote or approval in any jurisdiction  nor shall there be any sale  issuance or transfer of the securities referred to in this announcement in any jurisdiction in contravention of applicable law.Neither the Company nor BG Fund ICAV has been  and neither will be  registered under the US Investment Company Act of 1940  as amended (the ""Investment Company Act""). In addition the securities referenced in this announcement have not been and will not be registered under the US Securities Act of 1933  as amended (the ""Securities Act""). Consequently any such securities may not be offered  sold or otherwise transferred within the United States or to  or for the account or benefit of  US persons except in accordance with the Securities Act or an exemption therefrom and under circumstances which will not require the issuer of such securities to register under the Investment Company Act. No public offering of any securities will be made in the United States.You should always bear in mind that:all investment is subject to risk;results in the past are no guarantee of future results;the investment performance of BGHL may go down as well as up. You may not get back all of your original investment; andif you are in any doubt about the contents of this communication or if you consider making an investment decision  you are advised to seek expert financial advice.This communication is for information purposes only and the information contained in this communication should not be relied upon as a substitute for financial or other professional advice.Attachment",neutral,0.0,0.99,0.0,negative,0.01,0.27,0.72,True,English,"['BGHL', 'GBP', 'NAV', 'The Class B Euro Shares', 'BGHL Ordinary Shares Euro Shares', 'A Liquidity Enhancement Agreement', 'Class GBP A Shares', 'A N/A Average Price', 'London Stock Exchange plc', 'Euro Shares Sterling Shares', 'Guernsey Financial Services Commission', 'N/A Sterling Shares Amsterdam', 'treasury N/A N/A Shares', 'Dutch Financial Supervision Act', 'US Investment Company Act', 'Euro Shares Amsterdam', 'A N/A Range', 'Sterling Shares Shares', 'expert financial advice', 'GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITED', 'Guernsey Policy Council', 'collective investment scheme', 'other professional advice', 'BG Fund ICAV', 'closed-ended investment company', 'UK Listing Authority', 'US Securities Act', 'Gavaudan Investment Management', 'investment manager fees', 'BG Fund NAV', 'The Shares', 'N/A GBX', 'A Premium/discount', 'Dutch Authority', 'Euronext Amsterdam', 'US persons', 'Financial Markets', 'The Directors', 'Emmanuel Gavaudan', 'The Company', 'investment performance', 'original investment', 'investment decision', 'performance fees', 'BGHL Capital', 'management fees', 'MTD return', 'YTD return', 'ITD return', 'financieel toezicht', 'Official List', 'applicable law', 'public offering', 'other jurisdiction', 'main market', 'United States', 'following information', 'information purposes', 'necessary approval', 'future results', 'listed securities', 'Market information', 'LSE) Market', 'BOUSSARD', 'business', 'Jun', 'returns', 'AEX', 'Transactions', 'Number', 'Outstanding', 'respect', 'role', 'LLP.', 'Email', 'bgam', 'article', 'solicitation', 'announcement', 'part', 'invitation', 'vote', 'sale', 'issuance', 'transfer', 'contravention', 'addition', 'account', 'benefit', 'accordance', 'exemption', 'circumstances', 'issuer', 'mind', 'risk', 'past', 'guarantee', 'doubt', 'contents', 'communication', 'substitute', 'Attachment']",2024-06-13,2024-06-14,globenewswire.com
42733,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.investorsobserver.com/news/qm-pr/4555027974532860,Aging Gracefully; GenXers and Boomers May Not Be Showing Their True Age  but There Is One Thing They Are Forgetting to Check,72% of GenXers and Boomers Reported Hearing Loss Has Negative Impacts on Mental  Physical  and Financial Health Although New Survey Reveals Widespread Inaction Among Aging Americans           A new survey conducted by   Miracle-Ear     an Amplifon comp...,Aging Gracefully; GenXers and Boomers May Not Be Showing Their True Age  but There Is One Thing They Are Forgetting to Check72% of GenXers and Boomers Reported Hearing Loss Has Negative Impacts on Mental  Physical  and Financial Health Although New Survey Reveals Widespread Inaction Among Aging AmericansA new survey conducted by Miracle-Ear   an Amplifon company  found that the Gen X and Baby Boomer populations  those 44 - 78 years old  have already been impacted by hearing loss to some degree. With more than seven decades of caring for Americans’ hearing health  Miracle-Ear is celebrating its 76th anniversary with the survey and captured data from 1 000 U.S. adults in those two generations.The findings revealed that 75% reported at least one experience with hearing difficulty in the past year  and 21% of the respondents have definitely experienced hearing loss. Additionally  the survey found that 84% of participants say they’re personally concerned about hearing loss  and 99% believe it is important for their age group to proactively address hearing loss.72% of respondents who have hearing loss say it has impacted their ability to participate in family activities  and a notable number of respondents also report impacts on mental health  hobbies  work  and finances. While these generations are concerned for their hearing health  the majority are not regularly visiting a hearing care professional  citing 57% have done nothing to monitor  test  or address hearing loss in the past year (62% of Baby Boomers and 51% of Gen X).“This recent Miracle-Ear survey reveals a significant concern among Americans: the fear of losing independence due to hearing loss ” said Dr. Thomas Tedeschi  Ph.D  Au.D  FNAP  Chief Audiology Officer at Miracle-Ear. “This highlights the critical need for prevention  early intervention  and continuous management of hearing health. Practicing good volume hygiene  such as being mindful of the volume when using earbuds  is one way to protect hearing proactively. Promptly addressing hearing issues can help individuals maintain their independence and overall quality of life.”With advanced hearing technology and smartphone connectivity  Boomers and GenXers see the benefits of hearing aids and are acting much quicker than older generations. In fact  75% believe hearing loss solutions are now better than they were during their youth. And a 53% majority say there isn’t much of a stigma associated with wearing hearing aids nowadays. However  this drops to 46% among Gen X.Additional takeaways from the survey include:Being mindful of loud noises this summer : 98% of Gen X/Baby Boomers will experience loud noise this summer  most commonly at concerts or festivals (90%)  and during 4th of July fireworks (89%).: 98% of Gen X/Baby Boomers will experience loud noise this summer  most commonly at concerts or festivals (90%)  and during 4th of July fireworks (89%). On repeat : A majority (56%) have had to ask friends or family to repeat themselves in conversation. Baby Boomers are more likely to report difficulty hearing a grandchild  while Gen X is more likely to report trouble hearing on a video chat.: A majority (56%) have had to ask friends or family to repeat themselves in conversation. Baby Boomers are more likely to report difficulty hearing a grandchild  while Gen X is more likely to report trouble hearing on a video chat. Importance of friends and family : 87% know others who’ve experienced hearing loss  most commonly their parents  reported by a 51% majority of Gen X. Baby Boomers are more likely to report hearing loss of their spouse or siblings.: 87% know others who’ve experienced hearing loss  most commonly their parents  reported by a 51% majority of Gen X. Baby Boomers are more likely to report hearing loss of their spouse or siblings. First timers : 89% of respondents who haven’t had hearing loss yet are likely to seek professional help once they begin to experience problems.: 89% of respondents who haven’t had hearing loss are likely to seek professional help once they begin to experience problems. Aftercare offerings : 96% say that lifetime free service is particularly impactful and would influence their decision to seek treatment for hearing loss.About Miracle-Ear®For more than 75 years  Miracle-Ear® has been a leader in providing innovative hearing solutions that improve lives  relationships  and communities. Based in Minneapolis  Minnesota  Miracle-Ear has a retail network of more than 1 500 locally franchised and corporate-owned stores in all 50 U.S. states. Every Miracle-Ear store leverages leading-edge technology to customize hearing solutions that will fit each customer's individual needs  lifestyle  and budget. The Miracle-Ear brand is owned by Amplifon – the global leader in hearing care with more than 9 200 points-of-sale in 25 countries. For more information  visit www.miracle-ear.comAbout AmplifonAmplifon is the world's leading group in hearing care services and solutions. Its goal is to empower people with hearing loss to rediscover all the emotions of sound  offering innovative and personalized products and services to guarantee the best solution for each customer. Founded in Milan  Italy in 1950  Amplifon is now present in 26 countries around the world with approximately 9 700 points of sale and more than 20 300 people representing over 100 nationalities. It is listed on the Milan Stock Exchange (Euronext Milan) and has annual revenues of more than 2 billion euros. For more information: For more information: https://corporate.amplifon.comMethodologyThis sample of 1000 Gen X and Baby Boomer U.S. adults (aged 44 to 76) was surveyed between May 24  2024 and May 26  2024. DKC Analytics conducted and analyzed this survey with a sample procured using the Pollfish survey delivery platform  which delivers online surveys globally through mobile apps and the mobile web along with the desktop web. No post- stratification has been applied to the results.View source version on businesswire.com: https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20240613002889/en/Gabriela Spencegabriela.spence@amplifon.comM. +1 952-291-9061Melissa Weirmelissa_weir@dkcnews.comM. +1 516-885-6173,positive,0.5,0.47,0.03,mixed,0.22,0.35,0.43,True,English,"['True Age', 'One Thing', 'GenXers', 'Boomers', 'Gen X. Baby Boomers', '1,000 U.S. adults', 'Dr. Thomas Tedeschi', 'Chief Audiology Officer', 'lifetime free service', '50 U.S. states', 'Baby Boomer populations', 'good volume hygiene', 'Gen X/Baby Boomers', 'hearing care services', 'advanced hearing technology', 'Every Miracle-Ear store', 'The Miracle-Ear brand', 'innovative hearing solutions', 'hearing care professional', 'hearing loss solutions', 'recent Miracle-Ear survey', 'leading-edge technology', 'professional help', 'hearing health', 'hearing issues', 'hearing aids', 'trouble hearing', 'True Age', 'One Thing', 'Financial Health', 'Widespread Inaction', 'seven decades', '76th anniversary', 'one experience', 'past year', 'age group', 'notable number', 'mental health', 'significant concern', 'Ph.D', 'Au.D', 'critical need', 'early intervention', 'continuous management', 'one way', 'overall quality', 'smartphone connectivity', 'Additional takeaways', 'loud noises', 'video chat', 'First timers', 'Aftercare offerings', 'retail network', '1,500 locally franchised', 'corporate-owned stores', 'individual needs', 'leading group', 'New Survey', 'two generations', 'older generations', 'Negative Impacts', 'hearing difficulty', 'global leader', 'Aging Americans', 'Amplifon company', 'family activities', 'July fireworks', 'Miracle-Ear®', 'GenXers', 'degree', 'data', 'findings', 'respondents', 'participants', 'ability', 'hobbies', 'finances', 'majority', 'fear', 'independence', 'FNAP', 'prevention', 'earbuds', 'individuals', 'benefits', 'fact', 'youth', 'stigma', 'concerts', 'festivals', '4th', 'repeat', 'friends', 'conversation', 'grandchild', 'Importance', 'others', 'parents', 'spouse', 'siblings', 'problems', 'decision', 'treatment', '75 years', 'lives', 'relationships', 'communities', 'Minneapolis', 'Minnesota', 'customer', 'lifestyle', 'budget', '9,200 points', 'sale', '25 countries', 'information', 'world', 'goal', 'people', 'emotions', 'sound']",2024-06-13,2024-06-14,investorsobserver.com
42734,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/BOUSSARD-GAVAUDAN-HOLDING-36044/news/BGHL-EUR-NAV-s-46963022/,BGHL (EUR): NAV(s),(marketscreener.com)                                       BOUSSARD & GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITED Ordinary Shares The Directors of Boussard & Gavaudan Holding Limited...https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/BOUSSARD-GAVAUDAN-HOLDING-36044/news/BGHL-EUR-NAV-…,"BOUSSARD & GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITEDOrdinary SharesThe Directors of Boussard & Gavaudan Holding Limited would like to announce the following information for the Company.Close of business 12 Jun 2024.Estimated NAVEuro Shares Sterling Shares Estimated NAV € 28.1560 £ 25.2499 Estimated MTD return 0.54 % 0.58 % Estimated YTD return 2.21 % 2.77 % Estimated ITD return 181.56 % 152.50 %NAV and returns are calculated net of management and performance feesMarket informationEuro Shares Amsterdam (AEX) London (LSE) Market Close € 26.20 N/A Premium/discount to estimated NAV -6.95 % N/A Sterling Shares Amsterdam (AEX) London (LSE) Market Close N/A GBX 2 150.00 Premium/discount to estimated NAV N/A -14.85 %Transactions in own securities purchased into treasuryOrdinary Shares Euro Shares Sterling Shares Number of shares N/A N/A Average Price N/A N/A Range of Price N/A N/ALiquidity Enhancement Agreement Euro Shares Sterling Shares Number of shares N/A N/A Average Price N/A N/ABGHL CapitalBGHL Ordinary Shares Euro Shares Sterling Shares Shares Outstanding 12 299 516 123 090 Held in treasury N/A N/A Shares Issued 12 299 516 123 090Estimated BG Fund NAVClass B Euro Shares (estimated) € 253.1619 Class GBP A Shares (estimated) £ 135.2847The Class B Euro Shares of BG Fund are not subject to investment manager fees  as the Investment Manager receives management fees and performance fees in respect of its role as Investment Manager of BGHL.For further information please contact:Boussard & Gavaudan Investment Management  LLP.Emmanuel Gavaudan +44 (0) 20 3751 5389 Email : info@bgam-uk.comThe Company is established as a closed-ended investment company domiciled in Guernsey. The Company has received the necessary approval of the Guernsey Financial Services Commission and the States of Guernsey Policy Council. The Company is registered with the Dutch Authority for the Financial Markets as a collective investment scheme pursuant to article 2:73 in conjunction with 2:66 of the Dutch Financial Supervision Act (Wet op het financieel toezicht). The shares of the Company (the ""Shares"") are listed on Euronext Amsterdam. The Shares are also listed on the Official List of the UK Listing Authority and admitted to trading on the London Stock Exchange plc's main market for listed securities.This is not an offer to sell or a solicitation of any offer to buy any securities in the United States or in any other jurisdiction. This announcement is not intended to and does not constitute  or form part of  any offer or invitation to purchase any securities or the solicitation of any vote or approval in any jurisdiction  nor shall there be any sale  issuance or transfer of the securities referred to in this announcement in any jurisdiction in contravention of applicable law.Neither the Company nor BG Fund ICAV has been  and neither will be  registered under the US Investment Company Act of 1940  as amended (the ""Investment Company Act""). In addition the securities referenced in this announcement have not been and will not be registered under the US Securities Act of 1933  as amended (the ""Securities Act""). Consequently any such securities may not be offered  sold or otherwise transferred within the United States or to  or for the account or benefit of  US persons except in accordance with the Securities Act or an exemption therefrom and under circumstances which will not require the issuer of such securities to register under the Investment Company Act. No public offering of any securities will be made in the United States.You should always bear in mind that:all investment is subject to risk;results in the past are no guarantee of future results;the investment performance of BGHL may go down as well as up. You may not get back all of your original investment; andif you are in any doubt about the contents of this communication or if you consider making an investment decision  you are advised to seek expert financial advice.This communication is for information purposes only and the information contained in this communication should not be relied upon as a substitute for financial or other professional advice.Attachment",neutral,0.0,0.99,0.0,negative,0.01,0.27,0.72,True,English,"['BGHL', 'EUR', 'NAV', 'The Class B Euro Shares', 'BGHL Ordinary Shares Euro Shares', 'A Liquidity Enhancement Agreement', 'Class GBP A Shares', 'A N/A Average Price', 'London Stock Exchange plc', 'Euro Shares Sterling Shares', 'Guernsey Financial Services Commission', 'N/A Sterling Shares Amsterdam', 'treasury N/A N/A Shares', 'Dutch Financial Supervision Act', 'US Investment Company Act', 'Euro Shares Amsterdam', 'A N/A Range', 'Sterling Shares Shares', 'expert financial advice', 'GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITED', 'Guernsey Policy Council', 'collective investment scheme', 'other professional advice', 'BG Fund ICAV', 'closed-ended investment company', 'UK Listing Authority', 'US Securities Act', 'Gavaudan Investment Management', 'investment manager fees', 'BG Fund NAV', 'The Shares', 'N/A GBX', 'A Premium/discount', 'Dutch Authority', 'Euronext Amsterdam', 'US persons', 'Financial Markets', 'The Directors', 'Emmanuel Gavaudan', 'The Company', 'investment performance', 'original investment', 'investment decision', 'performance fees', 'BGHL Capital', 'management fees', 'MTD return', 'YTD return', 'ITD return', 'financieel toezicht', 'Official List', 'applicable law', 'public offering', 'other jurisdiction', 'main market', 'United States', 'following information', 'information purposes', 'necessary approval', 'future results', 'listed securities', 'Market information', 'LSE) Market', 'BOUSSARD', 'business', 'Jun', 'returns', 'AEX', 'Transactions', 'Number', 'Outstanding', 'respect', 'role', 'LLP.', 'Email', 'bgam', 'article', 'solicitation', 'announcement', 'part', 'invitation', 'vote', 'sale', 'issuance', 'transfer', 'contravention', 'addition', 'account', 'benefit', 'accordance', 'exemption', 'circumstances', 'issuer', 'mind', 'risk', 'past', 'guarantee', 'doubt', 'contents', 'communication', 'substitute', 'Attachment']",2024-06-13,2024-06-14,marketscreener.com
42735,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/CLARIANE-SE-37408/news/Clariane-Launches-a-Share-Capital-Increase-With-Preferential-Subscription-Rights-of-Approximately--46963151/,Clariane Launches a Share Capital Increase With Preferential Subscription Rights of Approximately 237 Million as Part of the Group's Plan to Strengthen Its Financial Structure,(marketscreener.com) Key transaction terms:Subscription price: €1.11 per new shareSubscription ratio: 3 new shares for 2 existing sharesTheoretical value of the preferential subscription right: €1.254Rights trading period: from 14 June to 26 …,"Key transaction terms: Subscription price: €1.11 per new share Subscription ratio: 3 new shares for 2 existing shares Theoretical value of the preferential subscription right: €1.254 Rights trading period: from 14 June to 26 June 2024 inclusive Subscription period: from 18 June to 28 June 2024 inclusive Subscription commitments from Crédit Agricole Assurances through its subsidiary Predica  HLD Europe  Flat Footed and Leima Valeurs covering the full capital increase amountRegulatory News:NOT TO BE PUBLISHED  DISTRIBUTED OR CIRCULATED DIRECTLY OR INDIRECTLY IN THE UNITED STATES  CANADA  AUSTRALIA OR JAPAN. THIS PRESS RELEASE DOES NOT CONSTITUTE AN OFFER OF SECURITIES IN THE UNITED STATES OF AMERICA OR ANY OTHER COUNTRY.THIS PRESS RELEASE IS AN ADVERTISEMENT AND NOT A PROSPECTUS WITHIN THE MEANING OF REGULATION (EU) 2017/1129 OF THE EUROPEAN PARLIAMENT AND OF THE COUNCIL OF JUNE 14  2017.Clariane (CLARIA.PA – ISIN FR0010386334) (the “Company”)  takes a decisive step forward in the completion of its financial structure strengthening with the announcement today of the launch of a capital increase in cash with shareholders’ preferential subscription rights for an amount of approximately €237 million (the “Rights Issue”)  subsequent to a €92.1 million reserved capital increase approved at the general meeting of shareholders held on 10 June 2024 and completed on 12 June 2024 (the “Reserved Capital Increase” and together with the Rights Issue  the “Capital Increases”).Reminder on the Plan to strengthen the financial structure of Clariane announced on 14 November 2023The Rights Issue is carried out in the context of Clariane’s €1.5 billion plan to strengthen its financial structure and reduce its debt  announced by the Company on 14 November 2023.This plan is designed to secure and accelerate Clariane's debt reduction path and enable the Group to benefit from a financial structure adapted to a more challenging economic environment triggered by inflation  interest rates rise and more complex access to debt and real-estate markets  and finally to provide some flexibility in the execution of its strategy.The Capital Increases are coming as the third step of such plan.The Company completed the first two steps of its plan in December 2023:The completion of the ""Gingko"" real-estate partnership for €140 million on 15 December 2023  followed by the completion of the ""Juniper"" real-estate partnership for €90 million on 28 December 2023 with Credit Agricole Assurances through its subsidiary Predica (Crédit Agricole Assurances through its subsidiary Predica was reimbursed for these €90 million following the sale of its UK assets by Clariane in April 2024)The arrangement and drawdown of a €200 million term loan with Caisse Régionale de Crédit Agricole Mutuel de Paris et d'Ile de France (CADIF)  LCL and Crédit Agricole Corporate and Investment Bank (CACIB).At the same time  the Group has also embarked on the fourth and last step of its plan with a program of disposals of operating and real-estate of assets  as well as capital partnerships  aimed in particular at a geographical refocusing of its activities with of approximately €1 billion expected gross proceeds. With the disposals of the United Kingdom and Netherlands completed during the first quarter of 2024  and the planned sale of its “Hospitalisation à Domicile” (HAD) business in France announced on 6 May 2024  which received a favourable opinion from employee representative bodies on 14 May 2024  the Group has committed  to date  around 40% the planned disposal program.The Rights Issue is subsequent to the Reserved Capital Increase of €92.1 million approved on 10 June 2024 at the Combined General Meeting of Shareholders and which settlement/delivery occurred on 12 June 2024. The Reserved Capital Increase was subscribed by investment group HLD Europe for c. €74.1 million  investment funds Flat Footed for c. €15 million and Leima Valeurs for c. €3 million.The net proceeds of approximately €90 million from the Reserved Capital Increase will be allocated to the early repayment of the real estate bridge loan set up on 27 December 2023  which matures on 31 January 2025  so that the balance of the bridge loan will consequently be reduced to 85 million euros.Following completion of the Reserved Capital Increase and prior to the launch of the Rights Issue  HLD Europe holds 20.02% (and 25.67% after the agreement entered into on 11 June 2024 to acquire all shares held by Holding Malakoff Humanis after Rights have detached) of the Company’s share capital  Flat Footed holds 10.53% of the Company’s share capital and Leima Valeurs holds 5.18% of the Company’s share capital.Main terms of the Rights IssueThe Rights Issue will be carried out with shareholders’ preferential subscription rights (the “Rights”)  pursuant to the 2nd resolution of the general meeting of shareholders held on 26 March 2024  and will result in the issue of 213 588 456 new ordinary shares (the “New Shares”)  at a subscription price of €1.11 per New Share (i.e. €0.01 nominal value and €1.10 issue premium)  representing gross proceeds  including the issue premium  of €237 083 186.16.Each shareholder will receive one (1) Right per each share held in a securities account as at the end of 17 June 2024. In order to allow the registration in the securities account as of such date  purchases in the market of existing shares must occur on 13 June 2024 at the latest. 2 Rights held will entitle their holder to subscribe on an irreducible basis (à titre irréductible) for 3 New Shares. Thus  a shareholder holding 2 existing shares will be able to subscribe to 3 New Shares at a total subscription price of €3.33. Rights will be detached from existing shares on 14 June 2024 and existing shares will thus be tradeable ex-rights from 14 June 2024.Subscriptions on a reducible basis (à titre réductible) will be accepted. Any New Shares not absorbed on an irreducible basis will be allocated to the holders of the Rights having submitted additional subscription orders on a reducible basis subject to reduction in the event of oversubscription.Based on the closing price of the Clariane shares on the regulated market of Euronext in Paris (“Euronext Paris”) on 11 June 2024  i.e. €3.20  and on the subscription price of €1.11 per New Share (i.e. €0.01 of nominal value and €1.10 of issue premium)  the theoretical value of one (1) Right is €1.254  the theoretical ex-right price of the share is €1.946.For indicative purposes  the subscription price reflects a discount of 43.0% to the theoretical ex-right share price (calculated on the closing price on 11 June 2024) and 65.3% to the Clariane’s share closing price on 11 June 2024.These values do not necessarily reflect the value of the Rights during their trading period  the ex-right price of a Clariane existing share or the discounts  as observed in the market.The Rights Issue will be open to the public in France only.These capital increases mainly aim at reducing the Company’s debt and strengthening its financial structure  as well as supporting its ""At your side” corporate project and its commitments as a purpose-driven company.The net proceeds of the Rights Issue  estimated at approximately €234 million  will be allocated as follows: up to an amount of €85 million to the early repayment of the remaining balance of the real estate bridge loan and up to an amount of €149 million to strengthen the Company’s liquidity in order to enable it to meet its debt maturities over a period of 12 months from the end of May 2024  including €88 million of Schuldschein maturing in December 2024 and real estate debt amortization scheduled each month for a total of €115 million. The amount of debt not covered by the proceeds of the Capital Increases (approximately €54 million) may be covered by the Company's liquidities  amounting to €447 million as of 31 March 2024.Following the Rights Issue's completion  the Company will have sufficient working capital to meet its obligations over the next 12 months from 12 June 2024. After repayment of the above-mentioned debt maturities using the proceeds of the Capital Increases and the Group's cash  the Company will be able to satisfy to the minimum liquidity condition of €300 million in order to renew its RCF facility if necessary.BNP Paribas  Crédit Agricole Corporate and Investment Bank  Natixis and Société Générale are acting as joint global coordinators and joint bookrunners (the “Joint Global Coordinators and Joint Bookrunners”) in respect of the Rights Issue.Crédit Agricole Corporate and Investment Bank and Rothschild & Co act as financial advisor to the Company  Darrois Villey Maillot Brochier and Davis Polk & Wardwell LLP as legal advisors to the Company and A&O Shearman as legal advisor to the Joint Global Coordinators and the Joint Global Bookrunners.Indicative Timetable for the Rights IssueThe Rights will be detached on 14 June 2024 and tradeable from 14 June 2024 until 26 June 2024 inclusive on Euronext Paris under ISIN code FR001400QSF6. Unexercised Rights will automatically lapse at the end of the subscription period  i.e. on 28 June 2024. The New Shares subscription period will be open from 18 June 2024 until 28 June 2024 (inclusive).The issuance  settlement and delivery of the New Shares and their admission to trading on Euronext Paris are expected to take place on 5 July 2024. The New Shares will immediately entitle their holders  from the date of issuance  to receive all dividends and distribution decided by the Company from this date. They will be immediately assimilated with existing shares of the Company and will be traded on the same trading line under the same ISIN code (FR0010386334).Subscription commitmentsAs indicated in its press release dated 17 May 2024  Crédit Agricole Assurances through its subsidiary Predica  aiming to maintain its current shareholding in Clariane following the Capital Increases at least equal to that which it held prior to the completion of the Reserved Capital Increase (i.e.  24.64% of the capital)  has entered into on 16 May 2024 an agreement with Holding Malakoff Humanis to acquire in the context of the Rights Issue  part or all of the subscription rights of Holding Malakoff Humanis at their theoretical value with the intention to exercise all or part of the rights acquired. Furthermore  with this same holding objective  on 4 June 2024 Predica entered into an agreement to acquire the entire stake of Investissements PSP in the Company  resulting in it holding approximately 21.1% of the Company’s share capital following the settlement of the transaction on 13 June 2024 as a result of the completion of the Reserved Capital Increase.HLD indicated that it entered into an agreement on 11 June 2024 to acquire all of the shares held by Holding Malakoff Humanis (i.e. 5.7% of the capital based on the current Company’s share capital)  excluding of the Rights linked to the Rights Issue  subject to the condition precedent of the detachment of the said rights  and having to take place prior to the settlement and delivery of the Rights Issue.At the date of the prospectus relating to the Rights Issue (the “Prospectus”)  the Company has received subscription commitments from Crédit Agricole Assurances through its subsidiary Predica  HLD Europe  Flat Footed and Leima Valeurs covering the full amount of the Rights Issue. These commitments are as follows:Predica has irrevocably committed to the Company to participate in the Rights Issue (i) on an irreducible basis in proportion to its stake in the Company’s share capital (i.e. 21.07% at the date of the Prospectus - including the 3 647 317 Existing Shares acquired from Investissements PSP for which settlement and delivery should take place on 13 June 2024) and in respect of any other shares that would be acquired by Predica  (ii) on an irreducible basis in respect of the 7 614 085 Rights to be acquired from Holding Malakoff Humanis at their theoretical value pursuant to an agreement concluded on 16 May 2024 and (iii) on a reducible basis for an additional number of New Shares  provided that Predica’s total stake after completion of the Rights Issue does not exceed 29.90% of the Company’s share capital and voting rights.HLD has irrevocably committed to the Company to participate in the Rights Issue (i) on an irreducible basis in proportion to its stake in the Company’s share capital (i.e. 20.02% at the date of the Prospectus without taking into account the Existing Shares acquired from Holding Malakoff Humanis whose settlement and delivery will take place before the settlement and delivery date of the Rights Issue) and (ii) on a reducible basis for an additional number of New Shares  up to a total subscription amount (on an irreducible basis under (i) above and any other Rights that may be acquired and exercised by HLD  and on a reducible basis) of €83.2 million  provided that HLD’s total stake after completion of the Rights Issue  (and taking into account the shares acquired by HLD before the settlement and delivery of the Rights Issue  it being understood that HLD must at no time hold more than 29.99% of the Company’s share capital) does not exceed 29.90% of the Company’s share capital and voting rights.Flat Footed has irrevocably committed to the Company to participate in the Rights Issue (i) on an irreducible basis in proportion to its stake in the Company’s share capital (i.e. 10.53% 1 at the date of the Prospectus) and (ii) on a reducible basis for an additional number of New Shares  up to a total subscription amount (on an irreducible and on a reducible basis) of €65 million  provided that Flat Footed’s total stake after completion of the Rights Issue does not exceed 29.90% of the Company’s share capital and voting rights.at the date of the Prospectus) and (ii) on a reducible basis for an additional number of New Shares  up to a total subscription amount (on an irreducible and on a reducible basis) of €65 million  provided that Flat Footed’s total stake after completion of the Rights Issue does not exceed 29.90% of the Company’s share capital and voting rights. Leima Valeurs has irrevocably committed to the Company to participate to the Rights Issue (i) on an irreducible basis in proportion to its stake in the Company’s share capital (i.e. 5.18% at the date of the Prospectus) and (ii) on a reducible basis for an additional number of New Shares  up to a total subscription amount (on an irreducible and on a reducible basis) of €27 million  provided that Leima Valeurs’ total stake after completion of the Rights Issue does not exceed 29.90% of the Company share capital and voting rights.Mrs. Sophie Boissard  CEO  holding 83 934 existing shares  also indicated that she would participate in the Rights Issue on an irreducible basis prorata to her stake in the Company’s share capital.As of the date of the Prospectus  the Company is not aware of the intention of other shareholders holding more than 5% of the capital or members of its administrative or management bodies to participate in the Rights Issue.The Rights Issue is not subject to an underwriting agreement by any banking syndicate.Fairness Opinion from an Independent expertThe Company appointed on a voluntary basis the firm Finexsi  located at 14 rue Bassano  75116 Paris  France as independent assessor  in accordance with Article 261-3 of the Autorité des marchés financiers (“AMF”) General Regulation  in order to establish a supplement to the fairness certificate relating to the Rights Issue. The addendum dated 12 June 2024  completing the initial Fairness Opinion dated 24 May 2024 established as part of the Reserved Capital Increase by the Finexsi Firm is incorporated by reference into the Prospectus (as defined below) related to the Rights Issue  with the consent of Finexsi which has approved its content and allowed the Company to report the conclusion of this opinion.Lock-up commitmentsThe Company has agreed to a lock-up period starting on the date of the approval by the AMF of the Prospectus relating to the Rights Issue and expiring 180 calendar days following the settlement-delivery date of the New Shares  subject to certain customary exceptions.Crédit Agricole Assurances through its subsidiary Predica  HLD Europe  Flat Footed and Leima Valeurs have each undertaken not to increase their respective stake in the Company’s share capital (held directly or indirectly  alone or in concert) beyond 29.99% of the Company’s share capital (and voting rights for Crédit Agricole Assurances through its subsidiary Predica)(subject to certain customary exceptions)  for a period of 12 months in the case of Crédit Agricole Assurances / Predica and 36 months in the case of HLD Europe  Flat Footed and Leima Valeurs.HLD Europe  Flat Footed and Leima Valeurs have also undertaken to hold the shares subscribed under the Reserved Capital Increase for a period of 18 months following the completion of the Rights Issue.Each of Crédit Agricole Assurances via its subsidiary Predica  HLD  Flat Footed  and Leima Valeur has agreed to a lock-up on the New Shares  starting on the date of approval by the Autorité des marchés financiers (“AMF”) of the prospectus relating to the rights issue and ending 90 calendar days after the settlement and delivery of the New Shares  subject to certain customary exceptions.Finally  Credit Agricole Assurances through its subsidiary Predica  HLD Europe  Flat Footed and Leima Valeurs have committed not to act in concert.DilutionFor illustrative purposes only  a shareholder holding 1% of the share capital of the Company on 12 June 2024 on a non-dilutive basis and not subscribing to the Rights Issue would hold  on a non-diluted basis and after issuance of the New Shares  0.40% of the Company’s share capital  and on a diluted2 basis and after issuance of the New Shares  0.38% of the Company’s share capital.For illustrative purposes only  based on the number of shares in circulation at the date of the Prospectus  the split of the Company's shareholding at the date of the Prospectus and the subscription commitments  and taking into account the subscription to the Rights Issue at 100% and assuming the exercise of all Rights (no subscription on a reducible basis)  the share capital and voting rights of the Company would be split as follows:Shareholders Number of shares % of share capital Number of voting rights % of voting rights (a) Non diluted basis Diluted basis (1) Non diluted basis Diluted basis (1) Non diluted basis Diluted basis (1) Non diluted basis Diluted basis (1) Predica (b) 86 434 601 86 434 601 24.28% 23.16% 86 434 601 86 434 601 24.28% 23.16% HLD (c) 79 298 260 79 298 260 22.28% 21.25% 79 298 260 79 298 260 22.28% 21.25% Flat Footed (d) 37 489 110 37 959 344 10.53% 10.17% 37 489 110 37 959 344 10.53% 10.17% Leima Valeurs 18 423 541 18 423 541 5.18% 4.94% 18 423 541 18 423 541 5.18% 4.94% Treasury shares (e) 279 094 279 094 0.08% 0.07% 279 094 279 094 0.08% 0.07% Float (f) 134 056 155 150 781 207 37.66% 40.40% 134 056 155 150 781 207 37.66% 40.40% Total 355 980 761 373 176 047 100.00% 100.00% 355 980 761 373 176 047 100.00% 100.00% (a) % of voting rights = gross voting rights  including those attached to treasury shares. Treasury shares are deprived of voting rights exercisable at a general meeting. Number of voting rights exercisable as of 12 June 2024: 372 896 953 (b) Taking into account the acquisition by Predica of the entire stake of Investissements PSP in the Company as per a firm agreement concluded on 4 June 2024  the settlement and delivery of which should take place on 13 June 2024  as announced by Predica in a press release dated 5 June 2024. (c) Taking into account the acquisition by HLD of the entire stake of Holding Malakoff Humanis in the Company (ex Rights)  subject to the condition precedent of the detachment of the rights linked to the Rights Issue. (d) Flat Footed holds (i) 344 258 ODIRNANE  which exercise can take place at any time until 8 September 2026 and which can give right to 364 569 CLARIANE SE shares according to a conversion rate of 1.059 and (ii) 90 467 OCEANE  which exercise can take place at any time until 6 March 2027 and can give right to 105 665 CLARIANE SE shares based on a conversion rate of 1.168. It is specified that no opposition was filed within the time limit set by the Ministry of the Economy as part of the notification for the purposes of exemption from authorization provided for in article R. 151-5 third paragraph of the monetary and financial code in respect of foreign investments  thus allowing Flat Footed to cross the threshold of 10% of the Company’s voting rights. (e) Treasury shares held as part of the liquidity contract (258 544 shares as of 11 June 2024) and the share buyback program (20 550 shares as of 11 June 2024). (f) The free float is defined by difference with other shareholders holding 5% or more of the capital and voting rights. (1) In the event of definitive acquisition of all 2 398 781 shares allocated free of charge  of the issue of 7 950 981 shares upon exercise of the right to the allocation/exchange of shares in respect of the 7 508 009 ODIRNANE in circulation and of the issue of 6 845 524 shares in the event of conversion of the 5 860 894 OCEANEs in circulation.For illustrative purposes only  based on the number of shares in circulation at the date of the Prospectus  the split of the Company's shareholding at the date of the Prospectus and the subscription commitments  and assuming a subscription on an irreducible basis only to the Rights Issue up to 50% by the Rights holders other than Predica  HLD  Flat Footed and Leima Valeurs  and after allocation of orders on a reducible basis from Predica  HLD  Flat Footed and Leima Valeurs  the share capital and voting rights would be split as follows:Shareholders Number of shares % of share capital Number of voting rights % of voting rights (a) Non diluted basis Diluted basis (1) Non diluted basis Diluted basis (1) Non diluted basis Diluted basis (1) Non diluted basis Diluted basis (1) Predica (b) 103 623 894 103 623 894 29.11% 27.77% 103 623 894 103 623 894 29.11% 27.77% HLD (c) 92 320 632 92 320 632 25.93% 24.74% 92 320 632 92 320 632 25.93% 24.74% Flat Footed (d) 44 340 999 44 811 233 12.46% 12.01% 44 340 999 44 811 233 12.46% 12.01% Leima Valeurs 21 790 814 21 790 814 6.12% 5.84% 21 790 814 21 790 814 6.12% 5.84% Treasury shares (e) 279 094 279 094 0.08% 0.07% 279 094 279 094 0.08% 0.07% Float (f) 93 625 328 110 350 380 26.30% 29.57% 93 625 328 110 350 380 26.30% 29.57% Total 355 980 761 373 176 047 100.00% 100.00% 355 980 761 373 176 047 100.00% 100.00% (a) % of voting rights = gross voting rights  including those attached to treasury shares. Treasury shares are deprived of voting rights exercisable at a general meeting. Number of voting rights exercisable as of 12 June 2024: 372 896 953 (b) Taking into account the acquisition by Predica of the entire stake of Investissements PSP in the Company as per a firm agreement concluded on 4 June 2024  the settlement and delivery of which should take place on 13 June 2024  as announced by Predica in a press release dated 5 June 2024. (c) Taking into account the acquisition by HLD of the entire stake of Holding Malakoff Humanis in the Company (ex Rights)  subject to the condition precedent of the detachment of the rights linked to the Rights Issue. (d) Flat Footed holds (i) 344 258 ODIRNANE  which exercise can take place at any time until 8 September 2026 and which can give right to 364 569 CLARIANE SE shares according to a conversion rate of 1.059 and (ii) 90 467 OCEANE  which exercise can take place at any time until 6 March 2027 and can give right to 105 665 CLARIANE SE shares based on a conversion rate of 1.168. It is specified that no opposition was filed within the time limit set by the Ministry of the Economy as part of the notification for the purposes of exemption from authorization provided for in article R. 151-5 third paragraph of the monetary and financial code in respect of foreign investments  thus allowing Flat Footed to cross the threshold of 10% of the Company’s voting rights. (e) Treasury shares held as part of the liquidity contract (258 544 shares as of 11 June 2024) and the share buyback program (20 550 shares as of 11 June 2024). (f) The free float is defined by difference with other shareholders holding 5% or more of the capital and voting rights. (1) In the event of definitive acquisition of all 2 398 781 shares allocated free of charge  of the issue of 7 950 981 shares upon exercise of the right to the allocation/exchange of shares in respect of the 7 508 009 ODIRNANE in circulation and of the issue of 6 845 524 shares in the event of conversion of the 5 860 894 OCEANEs in circulation.For illustrative purposes only  based on the number of shares in circulation at the date of the Prospectus  the split of the Company's shareholding at the date of the Prospectus and the subscription commitments  and assuming a subscription on an irreducible basis only to the Rights Issue up to 0% by the Rights holders other than Predica  HLD  Flat Footed and Leima Valeurs  and after allocation of orders on a reducible basis from Predica  HLD  Flat Footed and Leima Valeurs  the share capital and voting rights would be split as follows:Shareholders Number of shares % of share capital Number of voting rights % of voting rights (a) Non diluted basis Diluted basis (1) Non diluted basis Diluted basis (1) Non diluted basis Diluted basis (1) Non diluted basis Diluted basis (1) Predica (b) 106 354 798 106 354 798 29.88% 28.50% 106 354 798 106 354 798 29.88% 28.50% HLD (c) 106 354 798 106 354 798 29.88% 28.50% 106 354 798 106 354 798 29.88% 28.50% Flat Footed (d) 60 208 754 60 678 988 16.91% 16.26% 60 208 754 60 678 988 16.91% 16.26% Leima Valeurs 29 588 817 29 588 817 8.31% 7.93% 29 588 817 29 588 817 8.31% 7.93% Treasury shares (e) 279 094 279 094 0.08% 0.07% 279 094 279 094 0.08% 0.07% Float (f) 53 194 500 69 919 552 14.94% 18.74% 53 194 500 69 919 552 14.94% 18.74% Total 355 980 761 373 176 047 100.00% 100.00% 355 980 761 373 176 047 100.00% 100.00% (a) % of voting rights = gross voting rights  including those attached to treasury shares. Treasury shares are deprived of voting rights exercisable at a general meeting. Number of voting rights exercisable as of 12 June 2024: 372 896 953 (b) Taking into account the acquisition by Predica of the entire stake of Investissements PSP in the Company as per a firm agreement concluded on 4 June 2024  the settlement and delivery of which should take place on 13 June 2024  as announced by Predica in a press release dated 5 June 2024. (c) Taking into account the acquisition by HLD of the entire stake of Holding Malakoff Humanis in the Company (ex Rights)  subject to the condition precedent of the detachment of the rights linked to the Rights Issue. (d) Flat Footed holds (i) 344 258 ODIRNANE  which exercise can take place at any time until 8 September 2026 and which can give right to 364 569 CLARIANE SE shares according to a conversion rate of 1.059 and (ii) 90 467 OCEANE  which exercise can take place at any time until 6 March 2027 and can give right to 105 665 CLARIANE SE shares based on a conversion rate of 1.168. It is specified that no opposition was filed within the time limit set by the Ministry of the Economy as part of the notification for the purposes of exemption from authorization provided for in article R. 151-5 third paragraph of the monetary and financial code in respect of foreign investments  thus allowing Flat Footed to cross the threshold of 10% of the Company’s voting rights. (e) Treasury shares held as part of the liquidity contract (258 544 shares as of 11 June 2024) and the share buyback program (20 550 shares as of 11 June 2024). (f) The free float is defined by difference with other shareholders holding 5% or more of the capital and voting rights. (1) In the event of definitive acquisition of all 2 398 781 shares allocated free of charge  of the issue of 7 950 981 shares upon exercise of the right to the allocation/exchange of shares in respect of the 7 508 009 ODIRNANE in circulation and of the issue of 6 845 524 shares in the event of conversion of the 5 860 894 OCEANEs in circulation.In addition  and in accordance with the undertakings it gave when it became a purpose driven company (Société à Mission) in 2023 and the resolutions adopted by the Combined General Meeting of 26 March 2024  the Company plans to launch  depending on market conditions  in the coming months  a capital increase reserved for its employees  which will enable them to be fully involved in the Group's plan to strengthen its financial structure and its ""At your side” corporate project.Availability of the prospectusThe Prospectus in the French language approved by the AMF under number 24-214 on 12 June 2024 and comprised of (i) Clariane 2023 universal registration document filed with the AMF on 30 April 2024 under number D. 24-0380 (the “Universal Registration Document”)  (ii) a first amendment to the URD filed with the AMF on 31 May 2024 under number D.24-0380-A01 (the “First Amendment”)  (iii) a second amendment to the Universal Registration Document filed with the AMF on 12 June 2024 under number D.24-0380-A02 (the ""Second Amendment” and with the First Amendment  the “Amendments”)  (iv) the securities note dated 12 June 2024 (the “Securities Note”) and (v) the summary of the Prospectus (included in the Securities Note) is available on the websites of the AMF (www.amf-france.org) and the Company (www.clariane.com). Copies of the Prospectus are available free of charge at the Company’s registered office (21-25 rue Balzac  75008 Paris  France). Copies of the Prospectus are not and will not be made available in the United States of America.Potential investors are advised to read the Prospectus before making an investment decision in order to fully understand the potential risks and rewards associated with the decision to invest in the New Shares. The approval of the Prospectus by the AMF should not be understood as a favorable opinion on the issuer and on the quality of the financial securities covered by the Prospectus.Risk factorsInvestors’ attention is drawn to the risk factors relating to the Company included in chapter 2 « Risk Factors » of the Universal Registration Document as updated by the Amendments  in Chapter 2 of the Second Amendment  and the risk factors relating to the transaction and the New Shares mentioned in Chapter 2 “Risk Factors” of the Securities Note.DisclaimerThis press release includes ""forward-looking statements"". All statements other than statements of historical facts included in this press release  including  without limitation  those regarding Clariane’s financial position  business strategy  plans and objectives of management for future operations  are forward-looking statements. Such forward-looking statements involve known and unknown risks  uncertainties and other factors  many of which are beyond Clariane S.E.’s control  which may cause the actual results  performance or achievements of Clariane  or industry results  to be materially different from any future results  performance or achievements expressed or implied by such forward-looking statements. Such forward-looking statements are based on numerous assumptions regarding Clariane’s present and future business strategies and the environment in which Clariane will operate in the future. Additional factors could cause actual results  performance or achievements to differ materially.All forward-looking statements included in this press release speak only as of the date of this press release. Clariane S.E. undertakes no obligation and assumes no responsibility to update the information contained herein beyond what is required by applicable regulations. Neither Clariane S.E.  nor any of its directors  officers  employees  agents  affiliates or advisers accepts any responsibility whatsoever for the reasonableness of assumptions made or opinions stated or the likelihood of the achievement of projections  prospects or returns. Any responsibility or liability for any such information is expressly disclaimed. Nothing in this press release is  or should be relied upon as  a promise or representation of the future. In addition  no statement in this press release is intended to be nor may be construed as a profit forecast. Past performance of Clariane S.E. cannot be relied on as a guide to future performance.This press release does not constitute an offer to sell nor a solicitation of an offer to buy  nor shall there be any sale of ordinary shares in any state or jurisdiction in which such an offer  solicitation or sale would be unlawful prior to registration or qualification under the securities laws of any such state or jurisdiction.The distribution of this document may  in certain jurisdictions  be restricted by local legislations. Persons into whose possession this document comes are required to inform themselves about and to observe any such potential local restrictions.This press release is an advertisement and not a prospectus within the meaning of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 of the European Parliament and of the Council of June 14  2017 (as amended the “Prospectus Regulation”). Potential investors are advised to read the prospectus before making an investment decision in order to fully understand the potential risks and rewards associated with the decision to invest in the securities. The approval of the prospectus by the AMF should not be understood as an endorsement of the securities offered or admitted to trading on a regulated market.With respect to the Member States of the European Economic Area (other than France) and the United Kingdom (each a “Relevant State”)  no action has been undertaken or will be undertaken to make an offer to the public of the securities referred to herein requiring a publication of a prospectus in any Relevant State. As a result  the securities may and will be offered in any Relevant State only (i) to qualified investors within the meaning of the Prospectus Regulation  for any investor in a Member State of the European Economic Area  or Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 as part of national law under the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (the “UK Prospectus Regulation”)  for any investor in the United Kingdom  (ii) to fewer than 150 individuals or legal entities (other than qualified investors as defined in the Prospectus Regulation or the UK Prospectus Regulation  as the case may be)  or (iii) in accordance with the exemptions set forth in Article 1 (4) of the Prospectus Regulation or under any other circumstances which do not require the publication by Clariane of a prospectus pursuant to Article 3 of the Prospectus Regulation and/or to applicable regulations of that Relevant State.The distribution of this press release has not been made  and has not been approved  by an “authorised person” within the meaning of Article 21(1) of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000. As a consequence  this press release is only being distributed to  and is only directed at  persons in the United Kingdom that (i) are “investment professionals” falling within Article 19(5) of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 (Financial Promotion) Order 2005 (as amended  the “Order”)  (ii) are persons falling within Article 49(2)(a) to (d) (“high net worth companies  unincorporated associations  etc.”) of the Order  or (iii) are persons to whom an invitation or inducement to engage in investment activity (within the meaning of Article 21 of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000) in connection with the issue or sale of any securities may otherwise lawfully be communicated or caused to be communicated (all such persons together being referred to as “Relevant Persons”). Any investment or investment activity to which this document relates is available only to Relevant Persons and will be engaged in only with Relevant Persons. Any person who is not a Relevant Person should not act or rely on this document or any of its contents.This press release may not be published  distributed or transmitted in the United States of America (including its territories and dependencies). This press release does not constitute or form part of any offer of securities for sale or any solicitation to purchase or to subscribe for securities or any solicitation of sale of securities in the United States of America. The securities referred to herein have not been and will not be registered under the U.S. Securities Act of 1933  as amended (the “Securities Act”) or the law of any State or other jurisdiction of the United States of America  and may not be offered or sold in the United States of America absent registration under the Securities Act or pursuant to an exemption from  or in a transaction not subject to  the registration requirements of the Securities Act. Clariane does not intend to register all or any portion of the securities in the United States of America under the Securities Act or to conduct a public offering of the securities in the United States of America.This announcement is not  and under no circumstances is it to be construed as  a prospectus  offering memorandum  advertisement or an offer to sell or solicitation of an offer to buy any of the securities referred to herein in Canada.This announcement may not be published  forwarded or distributed  directly or indirectly  in the United States of America  Canada  Australia or Japan.About ClarianeClariane is the leading European community for care in times of vulnerability. It has operations in six countries: Belgium  France  Germany  Italy  the Netherlands  and Spain.Relying on their diverse expertise  each year the Group’s 60 000 professionals provide services to over 800 000 patients and residents in three main areas of activity: long-term care nursing home (Korian  Seniors Residencias  Berkley  etc.)  specialized care facilities and services (Inicea  Ita  Grupo 5  Lebenswert  etc.)  and alternative living solutions (Petits-fils  Ages et Vie  etc.).In June 2023  Clariane became a purpose-driven company and added to its bylaws a new corporate purpose  common to all its activities: “To take care of each person’s humanity in times of vulnerability”.Clariane has been listed on Euronext Paris since November 2006  In compartment B.Euronext ticker: CLARI.PA - ISIN: FR0010386334____________________________1 It is specified that no opposition was filed within the time limit set by the Ministry of the Economy as part of the notification for the purposes of exemption from authorization provided for in article R. 151-5 third paragraph of the monetary and financial code in respect of foreign investments  thus allowing Flat Footed to cross the threshold of 10% of the Company’s voting rights.2 Note: taking into account free shares and shares underlying the  ODIRNANEs and OCEANEsView source version on businesswire.com: https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20240612823023/en/",neutral,0.04,0.96,0.01,negative,0.03,0.43,0.54,True,English,"['Share Capital Increase', 'Preferential Subscription Rights', 'Financial Structure', 'Clariane', 'Part', 'Group', 'Plan', 'Crédit Agricole Mutuel', 'Crédit Agricole Corporate', 'Crédit Agricole Assurances', 'Caisse Régionale de', 'real estate bridge loan', 'full capital increase amount', '€92.1 million reserved capital increase', 'new share Subscription ratio', 'The Reserved Capital Increase', 'Credit Agricole Assurances', 'shareholders’ preferential subscription rights', 'challenging economic environment', 'interest rates rise', '€200 million term loan', 'employee representative bodies', 'Holding Malakoff Humanis', 'Key transaction terms', 'first two steps', 'Gingko"" real-estate partnership', 'Juniper"" real-estate partnership', 'Rights trading period', 'Combined General Meeting', 'debt reduction path', 'The Capital Increases', '213,588,456 new ordinary shares', 'financial structure strengthening', 'The Rights Issue', 'Subscription period', 'share capital', 'Ile de', '85 million euros', 'capital partnerships', 'Subscription price', 'Subscription commitments', '3 new shares', 'first quarter', 'Main terms', 'real-estate markets', '€1.10 issue premi', '2 existing shares', 'Theoretical value', 'HLD Europe', 'Flat Footed', 'Leima Valeurs', 'Regulatory News', 'UNITED STATES', 'PRESS RELEASE', 'OTHER COUNTRY', 'EUROPEAN PARLIAMENT', 'decisive step', 'complex access', 'third step', 'Investment Bank', 'same time', 'last step', 'geographical refocusing', 'gross proceeds', 'United Kingdom', 'HAD) business', 'favourable opinion', 'investment funds', 'net proceeds', 'early repayment', '2nd resolution', '1 nominal value', 'The Company', 'UK assets', 'disposal program', 'investment group', '€1.5 billion plan', '1 billion', '14 June', '26 June', '18 June', '28 June', 'subsidiary', 'Predica', 'CANADA', 'AUSTRALIA', 'JAPAN', 'OFFER', 'SECURITIES', 'AMERICA', 'ADVERTISEMENT', 'PROSPECTUS', 'MEANING', 'REGULATION', 'COUNCIL', 'Clariane', 'ISIN', 'completion', 'announcement', 'launch', 'cash', '10 June', '12 June', 'Reminder', '14 November', 'context', 'inflation', 'flexibility', 'execution', 'strategy', 'December', 'sale', 'April', 'arrangement', 'drawdown', 'Paris', 'France', 'CADIF', 'LCL', 'CACIB', 'fourth', 'disposals', 'operating', 'activities', 'Netherlands', 'Hospitalisation à', '6 May', '14 May', 'date', 'settlement/delivery', '31 January', 'balance', 'agreement', '11 June', '26 March']",2024-06-13,2024-06-14,marketscreener.com
42736,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/STELLANTIS-N-V-117814143/news/Stellantis-2024-Investor-Day-Highlights-Powerful-Differentiators-Unique-Flexibility-and-Exception-46966539/,Stellantis 2024 Investor Day Highlights: Powerful Differentiators  Unique Flexibility and Exceptional Returns,(marketscreener.com) Stellantis 2024 Investor Day Highlights: Powerful Differentiators  Unique Flexibility and Exceptional Returns Stellantis is a highly differentiated OEM lending it specific advantages against a dynamic and disruptive industry backdropStand…,Stellantis 2024 Investor Day Highlights:Powerful Differentiators  Unique Flexibility and Exceptional ReturnsStellantis is a highly differentiated OEM lending it specific advantages against a dynamic and disruptive industry backdropStandout  multi-energy technology and manufacturing flexibility enable it to leverage its competitive advantages across a wide variety of electrification adoption scenariosStellantis is addressing 2024 headwinds thoughtfully and will continue to deliver industry-leading profitability  affirming its 2024 financial guidanceCompany is committed to powerful capital returns  thanks to its strong balance sheet and profitable business modelAUBURN HILLS  MICHIGAN  U.S.  June 13  2024 – Just over three years since its formation  Stellantis has successfully established itself as a leading global automaker and  even more importantly  one that through the execution of its Dare Forward 2030 long-term strategic plan is even better positioned to face the challenges ahead. Today  at Stellantis’ first Investor Day  CEO Carlos Tavares outlined nine key strategic differentiators the Company is leveraging to unlock value and address the disruption and reinvention of the auto industry worldwide.Stellantis Key Strategic DifferentiatorsFortified by Dare Forward 2030 Best Positioned Core Clear Profitability Advantages Critical Speed & Agility Portfolio of 14 iconic and innovative brands covering all price points and multiple regional markets Fully scaled Pro One commercial vehicle business  with mid-to-high teens profitability  and positioned to achieve global leadership Re-set and re-launch of asset-light China strategy with Leapmotor  a top 3 Chinese EV startup brand in 2023 Global market presence combining scaled North America and Enlarged Europe regions with rapidly expanding 3rd Engine1 Ability to deliver double-digit margins across the cycle  with a < 50% break-even point Leveraging global reach to maximize Best-Cost Country opportunities Unique multi-energy approach  spanning products  platforms  manufacturing and supply chain Sustainable R&D/CAPEX efficiency  a key component of a powerful capital planRapid development of next-gen portfolio and accretive affiliate businesses1 The “3rd Engine” refers to an aggregation of the South America  Middle East & Africa  China and India & Asia Pacific segments.“Today we are a unique company by nature and a powerful carmaker by performance  well-equipped to deliver through tough times and win the long game. Our global presence  powerful technology and brand portfolio span across diverse products – ranging from quadricycles to luxury cars – giving us an enviable customer reach ” Stellantis CEO Carlos Tavares told attendees.“What consumers around the world are looking for is clean  safe and affordable mobility. This is the reason we exist. We are driving a generational shift in technology and a product wave built on multi-energy platforms and flexible operations with above-group profitability in our commercial vehicles business. Together with the activation of our uniquely aligned partnership with Leapmotor  an innovative Chinese new energy vehicle maker  we’re confident we can deliver what customers want while providing strong shareholder returns this year  and beyond.”In addition to the CEO’s overview of the Company’s key strategic differentiators  which are unlocking exceptional opportunities  members of the Top Executive Team also gave updates spanning several areas of the business.North American Chief Operating Officer Carlos Zarlenga discussed 2024 actions taken to restore market share  improve inventory dynamics  and capitalize on specific low emission vehicle growth opportunities in the medium-term.Enlarged Europe Chief Operating Officer Uwe Hochgeschurtz reviewed the Company’s multi-faceted response to rising competition from Chinese OEMs.Middle East & Africa (MEA) Chief Operating Officer Samir Cherfan reviewed the many benefits of an increasingly localized approach to serving the MEA region  supporting the stand-out growth and profitability of Stellantis’ “Third Engine”.Jeep ® CEO Antonio Filosa  Ram CEO Chris Feuell and Peugeot CEO Linda Jackson discussed how a powerful  strategically focused product wave expands the market opportunities of each.Chief Engineering and Technology Officer Ned Curic  Chief Purchasing and Supply Chain Officer Maxime Picat and Chief Manufacturing Officer Arnaud Deboeuf focused on Stellantis’ extraordinary management of the value chain with flexible platforms  products and operations  with particularly valuable multi-energy capabilities  able to address different scenarios.Assessing Key 2024 Financial DriversCFO Natalie Knight also provided a financial review highlighting Stellantis’ key 2024 performance drivers and considerations.“Stellantis is responding decisively to near-term challenges  including optimizing inventory while executing a generational product transition ” said Natalie Knight. “Despite the related short-term headwinds  we remain confident in our ability to deliver double-digit profitability  among the best OEMs in the world  while continuing to deliver exceptional capital returns to shareholders.”Stellantis management confirmed its 2024 financial guidance and capital return plan:Double-digit Adjusted Operating Income (AOI) margin and positive industrial free cash flows.Capital Return: Delivering ≥€7.7 billion in dividends and buybacks in 2024.CFO Natalie Knight reiterated more specific color on first and second-half expectations within the 2024 period:H1 outlook of 10-11% AOI margin  with industrial free cash flows visibly below the prior year period.Significant product launches  cost initiatives and anticipated improvement in working capital together support H2 sequential improvement opportunity in AOI and industrial free cash flow.The Company also enhanced its capital plan in several significant ways:Setting target liquidity levels of 25-30% of revenues for the mid-term  shifting focus to capital efficiency and supporting strong shareholder returns.The Company will continue to use share buybacks and ordinary dividends to return excess cash to shareholders.In 2025  the Company will target the upper range of its 25-30% dividend payout policy  vs. 25% in recent years.The 2024 Stellantis Investor Day hosted analysts  investors  and media in Auburn Hills  Michigan  U.S. For those unable to view the Stellantis Investor Day webcast  a recorded replay and the presentation material will be available under the Investors section of the Company’s corporate website: https://www.stellantis.com/en/investors/events/stellantis-investor-day-2024# # #About StellantisStellantis N.V. (NYSE: STLA / Euronext Milan: STLAM / Euronext Paris: STLAP) is one of the world’s leading automakers aiming to provide clean  safe and affordable freedom of mobility to all. It’s best known for its unique portfolio of iconic and innovative brands including Abarth  Alfa Romeo  Chrysler  Citroën  Dodge  DS Automobiles  FIAT  Jeep ®   Lancia  Maserati  Opel  Peugeot  Ram  Vauxhall  Free2move and Leasys. Stellantis is executing its Dare Forward 2030  a bold strategic plan that paves the way to achieve the ambitious target of becoming a carbon net zero mobility tech company by 2038  with single-digit percentage compensation of the remaining emissions  while creating added value for all stakeholders. For more information  visit www.stellantis.com.@Stellantis Stellantis Stellantis StellantisFor more information  contact:Nathalie ROUSSEL +33 6 87 77 41 82 –Shawn MORGAN +1 248 760 2621 – shawn.morgan@stellantis.comcommunications@stellantis.comwww.stellantis.comFORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTSThis communication contains forward-looking statements. In particular  statements regarding future events and anticipated results of operations  business strategies  the anticipated benefits of the proposed transaction  future financial and operating results  the anticipated closing date for the proposed transaction and other anticipated aspects of our operations or operating results are forward-looking statements. These statements may include terms such as “may”  “will”  “expect”  “could”  “should”  “intend”  “estimate”  “anticipate”  “believe”  “remain”  “on track”  “design”  “target”  “objective”  “goal”  “forecast”  “projection”  “outlook”  “prospects”  “plan”  or similar terms. Forward-looking statements are not guarantees of future performance. Rather  they are based on Stellantis’ current state of knowledge  future expectations and projections about future events and are by their nature  subject to inherent risks and uncertainties. They relate to events and depend on circumstances that may or may not occur or exist in the future and  as such  undue reliance should not be placed on them.Actual results may differ materially from those expressed in forward-looking statements as a result of a variety of factors  including: the ability of Stellantis to launch new products successfully and to maintain vehicle shipment volumes; changes in the global financial markets  general economic environment and changes in demand for automotive products  which is subject to cyclicality; Stellantis’ ability to successfully manage the industry-wide transition from internal combustion engines to full electrification; Stellantis’ ability to offer innovative  attractive products and to develop  manufacture and sell vehicles with advanced features including enhanced electrification  connectivity and autonomous-driving characteristics; Stellantis’ ability to produce or procure electric batteries with competitive performance  cost and at required volumes; Stellantis’ ability to successfully launch new businesses and integrate acquisitions; a significant malfunction  disruption or security breach compromising information technology systems or the electronic control systems contained in Stellantis’ vehicles; exchange rate fluctuations  interest rate changes  credit risk and other market risks; increases in costs  disruptions of supply or shortages of raw materials  parts  components and systems used in Stellantis’ vehicles; changes in local economic and political conditions; changes in trade policy  the imposition of global and regional tariffs or tariffs targeted to the automotive industry  the enactment of tax reforms or other changes in tax laws and regulations; the level of governmental economic incentives available to support the adoption of battery electric vehicles; the impact of increasingly stringent regulations regarding fuel efficiency requirements and reduced greenhouse gas and tailpipe emissions; various types of claims  lawsuits  governmental investigations and other contingencies  including product liability and warranty claims and environmental claims  investigations and lawsuits; material operating expenditures in relation to compliance with environmental  health and safety regulations; the level of competition in the automotive industry  which may increase due to consolidation and new entrants; Stellantis’ ability to attract and retain experienced management and employees; exposure to shortfalls in the funding of Stellantis’ defined benefit pension plans; Stellantis’ ability to provide or arrange for access to adequate financing for dealers and retail customers and associated risks related to the operations of financial services companies; Stellantis’ ability to access funding to execute its business plan; Stellantis’ ability to realize anticipated benefits from joint venture arrangements; disruptions arising from political  social and economic instability; risks associated with Stellantis’ relationships with employees  dealers and suppliers; Stellantis’ ability to maintain effective internal controls over financial reporting; developments in labor and industrial relations and developments in applicable labor laws; earthquakes or other disasters; risks and other items described in Stellantis’ Annual Report on Form 20-F for the year ended December 31  2023 and Current Reports on Form 6-K and amendments thereto filed with the SEC; and other risks and uncertainties.Any forward-looking statements contained in this communication speak only as of the date of this document and Stellantis disclaims any obligation to update or revise publicly forward-looking statements. Further information concerning Stellantis and its businesses  including factors that could materially affect Stellantis’ financial results  is included in Stellantis’ reports and filings with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission and AFM.Attachment,neutral,0.25,0.74,0.01,positive,0.57,0.41,0.02,True,English,"['Stellantis 2024 Investor Day Highlights', 'Powerful Differentiators', 'Unique Flexibility', 'Exceptional Returns', 'Enlarged Europe Chief Operating Officer Uwe Hochgeschurtz', 'North American Chief Operating Officer Carlos Zarlenga', 'innovative Chinese new energy vehicle maker', 'specific low emission vehicle growth opportunities', 'Chief Operating Officer Samir Cherfan', 'Pro One commercial vehicle business', 'top 3 Chinese EV startup brand', 'Dare Forward 2030 long-term strategic plan', 'Sustainable R&D/CAPEX efficiency', 'Jeep ® CEO Antonio Filosa', 'Ram CEO Chris Feuell', 'Peugeot CEO Linda Jackson', 'nine key strategic differentiators', 'powerful, strategically focused product', 'Stellantis 2024 Investor Day Highlights', 'Core Clear Profitability Advantages', 'Enlarged Europe regions', 'Stellantis Key Strategic Differentiators', 'Stellantis CEO Carlos Tavares', 'Stellantis’ key 2024 performance drivers', 'Chief Manufacturing Officer', 'first Investor Day', 'commercial vehicles business', 'Top Executive Team', 'powerful capital plan', 'Key 2024 Financial Drivers', 'Supply Chain Officer', 'Best-Cost Country opportunities', 'strong balance sheet', 'profitable business model', 'multiple regional markets', 'accretive affiliate businesses', 'Asia Pacific segments', 'enviable customer reach', 'strong shareholder returns', 'financial review highlighting', 'leading global automaker', 'Leveraging global reach', 'disruptive industry backdrop', 'electrification adoption scenarios', 'valuable multi-energy capabilities', 'generational product transition', 'high teens profitability', 'powerful capital returns', 'asset-light China strategy', 'CFO Natalie Knight', 'Stellantis’ “Third Engine', '3rd Engine1 Ability', 'Global market presence', 'Unique multi-energy approach', 'specific advantages', 'Chinese OEMs', 'Chief Engineering', 'Chief Purchasing', 'Technology Officer', 'innovative brands', 'stand-out growth', 'Powerful Differentiators', 'market opportunities', 'brand portfolio', 'key component', 'exceptional opportunities', 'global presence', 'product wave', 'Exceptional Returns', 'competitive advantages', '2024 financial guidance', 'powerful carmaker', 'global leadership', 'auto industry', 'generational shift', 'localized approach', 'different scenarios', 'powerful technology', 'industry-leading profitability', 'group profitability', 'Unique Flexibility', 'market share', 'multi-energy technology', 'multi-energy platforms', 'differentiated OEM', 'manufacturing flexibility', 'wide variety', 'AUBURN HILLS', 'U.S.', 'Critical Speed', 'Agility Portfolio', 'price points', 'double-digit margins', '50% break-even point', 'Rapid development', 'next-gen portfolio', 'South America', 'Middle East', 'tough times', 'long game', 'luxury cars', 'clean, safe', 'affordable mobility', 'several areas', 'multi-faceted response', 'rising competition', 'many benefits', 'Ned Curic', 'Maxime Picat', 'Arnaud Deboeuf', 'extraordinary management', 'double-digit prof', 'value chain', 'flexible platforms', 'unique company', 'flexible operations', 'inventory dynamics', 'MEA region', 'near-term challenges', 'short-term headwinds', 'diverse products', '2024 headwinds', 'MICHIGAN', 'June', 'formation', 'execution', 'disruption', 'reinvention', '14 iconic', 'launch', 'Leapmotor', 'cycle', 'aggregation', 'Africa', 'India', 'nature', 'attendees', 'consumers', 'world', 'reason', 'activation', 'partnership', 'customers', 'addition', 'overview', 'members', 'updates', '2024 actions', 'medium-term', 'Assessing', 'considerations', 'related', '2023']",2024-06-13,2024-06-14,marketscreener.com
42737,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2024/06/13/2898270/0/en/Stellantis-Unveils-Multiple-World-Premiere-Software-Driven-Products-Addressing-B2C-and-B2B-Customers.html,Stellantis Unveils Multiple World Premiere Software-Driven Products Addressing B2C and B2B Customers,Stellantis Unveils Multiple World Premiere Software-Driven Products Addressing B2C and B2B Customers  Global software revenues grow 2.5 times in three......,Stellantis Unveils Multiple World Premiere Software-Driven Products Addressing B2C and B2B CustomersGlobal software revenues grow 2.5 times in three years with accretive margins; monetizable connected car parc grows to 13.8 million vehiclesStellantis delivered more than 94 million over-the-air (OTA) updates in 2023  enhancing the mobility experience of current ownersUsers of subscription-based products topped 5 million in 2023Next-generation technology platforms – STLA Brain  STLA SmartCockpit and STLA AutoDrive – expected for technology integration by the end of 2024Stellantis is transforming automotive software with cloud-based design and testing tools  including its Virtual Engineering Workbench  that accelerate development and enhance qualityA global network of technology development hubs enables 24/7 work cycles  customizing software products for each of the Company’s vehicle platformsLaunched new software products and connected features to existing and new Stellantis brand vehicles: AppMarket in North America is a regularly refreshed in-vehicle hub for services and experiences; e-ROUTES enables BEV routing based on real-time vehicle data with any mobile phone in projected mode in Europe; Free2move Connect Fleet and MyTasks empower commercial vehicle users with live data.Mobilisights is expanding its customer base  utilizing vehicle data to enhance products and planning while prioritizing privacy and enabling for a smarter worldAMSTERDAM  June 13  2024 – Stellantis is enhancing the mobility experience of consumer and commercial owners of vehicles from its 14 iconic brands with a steady stream of new connected features. That effort is delivering a boost to high-margin revenue from software and connected services  which has grown by 2.5 times since 2021  as the number of subscribers globally during that same period has increased to 5 million.Additionally  the monetizable car parc has grown 15% to 13.8 million vehicles  and Stellantis delivered more than 94 million over-the-air (OTA) updates in 2023  adding and improving features in its existing vehicles.Those achievements set the foundation for the next chapter of software growth at Stellantis  which is using cloud-based design and testing tools  including the groundbreaking Virtual Engineering Workbench   to redefine automotive software development speed  quality and deployment. The software  developed in-house and with a roster of strategic partners  enables next-generation features for upcoming Stellantis brand vehicles and those on the road today.“In a little more than two years we have made a decisive shift from a traditional auto industry mindset to operating much more like a startup company  including a sharp focus on speed and building up our own software creation capabilities. It gives us critical flexibility and a competitive advantage going forward ” said Yves Bonnefont  Stellantis Chief Software Officer. “Now we take the next step and begin scaling up  which includes the tech readiness for integration of our transformative STLA Brain  STLA SmartCockpit and STLA AutoDrive AI-powered technology platforms.”Stellantis has built its in-house capabilities to develop its own software  taking advantage of a global footprint of technology development hubs to work 24/7  building and customizing software products for each of the Company’s vehicle platforms.The cutting-edge technology platforms are:STLA Brain: The foundational architecture offers centralized computing full over-the-air access to sensors and actuators. It reduces complexity  enabling the number of electronic control units (ECUs) per vehicle to be reduced by half to approximately 60 ECUs. New features can be developed in-house in less than six months  one-fourth the time of today’s process. Technology readiness for integration is expected by the end of the year  with vehicle integration in 2025.The foundational architecture offers centralized computing full over-the-air access to sensors and actuators. It reduces complexity  enabling the number of electronic control units (ECUs) per vehicle to be reduced by half to approximately 60 ECUs. New features can be developed in-house in less than six months  one-fourth the time of today’s process. Technology readiness for integration is expected by the end of the year  with vehicle integration in 2025. STLA SmartCockpit: The platform ushers in a new generation of personalization and connected capabilities  powered by machine learning and AI technologies  giving users a seamless integration with their digital lives. A focus on simplified menus with fewer clicks for response to user inputs significantly improves ease of use. AI-enabled experiences give vehicle occupants more options in navigation  media  climate  lighting and productivity features. The key is a digital personal profile that knows your preferences and moves with you between Stellantis brand vehicles. Technology readiness for integration is expected by the end of the year. STLA SmartCockpit debuts in a Stellantis brand vehicle in 2025.The platform ushers in a new generation of personalization and connected capabilities  powered by machine learning and AI technologies  giving users a seamless integration with their digital lives. A focus on simplified menus with fewer clicks for response to user inputs significantly improves ease of use. AI-enabled experiences give vehicle occupants more options in navigation  media  climate  lighting and productivity features. The key is a digital personal profile that knows your preferences and moves with you between Stellantis brand vehicles. Technology readiness for integration is expected by the end of the year. STLA SmartCockpit debuts in a Stellantis brand vehicle in 2025. STLA AutoDrive: The system leverages the capabilities of STLA Brain and STLA SmartCockpit to deliver useful and continuously updated Advanced Driver Assistance System (ADAS) technology that is intuitive  robust and inspires driver confidence. STLA AutoDrive targets significantly increasing the uninterrupted time and distance for ADAS-supported driving. The strategy includes industry-leading ADAS that provides drivers with both hands-off/eyes-off-the-road mobility and a fallback to limited hands-off/eyes-on-the-road cruising (Level 2+) in the same system. Eyes-off technology readiness for integration is expected by the end of the year with the commercial launch in 2025.Stellantis is developing connected services and software-enabled features for retail and fleet customers under the philosophy of “Make my drive safer  make my life easier  and make my drive more exciting.” Features available today in regions around the world include:e-ROUTES: Available in Europe and expanding globally this year  Stellantis is the first automaker to launch a route-planning smartphone app integrated with real-time vehicle data  specifically designed for EVs. Apple CarPlay and Android Auto project e-ROUTES onto the vehicle’s central screen. Charge stops are tailored to the driver’s preferences  including payment options and minimum battery level.ChatGPT enhanced virtual assistant: After a successful pilot in October 2023  Stellantis is the first OEM to offer ChatGPT as a standard feature for new and existing vehicles  available in 20 European countries by the end of 2024. Conversing in natural language can help customers learn more about the world around them  the places they are going  or even tell the passengers a story.AppMarket: In North America  AppMarket is the central hub for connectivity  integrating regularly refreshed services and experiences with the ability to purchase subscriptions in the vehicle. AppMarket has been made available over the air in nearly half of Jeep ® and Ram vehicles from the 2021 to 2023 model years and will reach 99% of eligible vehicles by the end of 2024. A similar service covers eligible vehicles in Europe.Free2move Connect Fleet: This fleet management platform links a fleet manager with his or her vehicles for real-time visibility. An online dashboard displays vital vehicle health data such as oil life remaining or battery state of charge. Free2move Connect Fleet can also set geofence boundaries and provides real-time geolocation. In case of theft  a tracker helps with recovery.MyTasks: This tool gives drivers all the info they need on the in-vehicle entertainment screen to execute their schedules efficiently  even if there are changes or delays. Fleet managers get automatic updates when tasks are completed or delayed and rescheduled  so all parties can manage the day’s progress.Mobilisights is expanding its client base by leveraging data from 13.8 million connected Stellantis vehicles to deliver innovative solutions that not only respect privacy but also enrich its customers’ experiences. These insights enhance fleet management  drivers experience  traffic management and urban planning  fostering a smarter and safer transportation world through personalized and anonymized data.Information on Stellantis software features is available at www.myconnectedcars.stellantis.comThe Stellantis software strategy targets generating about €20 billion in incremental annual revenues by the end of the decade.# # #About StellantisStellantis N.V. (NYSE: STLA / Euronext Milan: STLAM / Euronext Paris: STLAP) is one of the world’s leading automakers aiming to provide clean  safe and affordable freedom of mobility to all. It’s best known for its unique portfolio of iconic and innovative brands including Abarth  Alfa Romeo  Chrysler  Citroën  Dodge  DS Automobiles  FIAT  Jeep ®   Lancia  Maserati  Opel  Peugeot  Ram  Vauxhall  Free2move and Leasys. Stellantis is executing its Dare Forward 2030  a bold strategic plan that paves the way to achieve the ambitious target of becoming a carbon net zero mobility tech company by 2038  with single-digit percentage compensation of the remaining emissions  while creating added value for all stakeholders. For more information  visit www.stellantis.com@Stellantis Stellantis Stellantis StellantisFor more information  contact:Fernão SILVEIRA +31 6 43 25 43 41 – fernao.silveira@stellantis.comNathalie ROUSSEL +33 6 87 77 41 82 – nathalie.roussel@stellantis.comcommunications@stellantis.comwww.stellantis.comFORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTSThis communication contains forward-looking statements. In particular  statements regarding future events and anticipated results of operations  business strategies  the anticipated benefits of the proposed transaction  future financial and operating results  the anticipated closing date for the proposed transaction and other anticipated aspects of our operations or operating results are forward-looking statements. These statements may include terms such as “may”  “will”  “expect”  “could”  “should”  “intend”  “estimate”  “anticipate”  “believe”  “remain”  “on track”  “design”  “target”  “objective”  “goal”  “forecast”  “projection”  “outlook”  “prospects”  “plan”  or similar terms. Forward-looking statements are not guarantees of future performance. Rather  they are based on Stellantis’ current state of knowledge  future expectations and projections about future events and are by their nature  subject to inherent risks and uncertainties. They relate to events and depend on circumstances that may or may not occur or exist in the future and  as such  undue reliance should not be placed on them.Actual results may differ materially from those expressed in forward-looking statements as a result of a variety of factors  including: the ability of Stellantis to launch new products successfully and to maintain vehicle shipment volumes; changes in the global financial markets  general economic environment and changes in demand for automotive products  which is subject to cyclicality; Stellantis’ ability to successfully manage the industry-wide transition from internal combustion engines to full electrification; Stellantis’ ability to offer innovative  attractive products and to develop  manufacture and sell vehicles with advanced features including enhanced electrification  connectivity and autonomous-driving characteristics; Stellantis’ ability to produce or procure electric batteries with competitive performance  cost and at required volumes; Stellantis’ ability to successfully launch new businesses and integrate acquisitions; a significant malfunction  disruption or security breach compromising information technology systems or the electronic control systems contained in Stellantis’ vehicles; exchange rate fluctuations  interest rate changes  credit risk and other market risks; increases in costs  disruptions of supply or shortages of raw materials  parts  components and systems used in Stellantis’ vehicles; changes in local economic and political conditions; changes in trade policy  the imposition of global and regional tariffs or tariffs targeted to the automotive industry  the enactment of tax reforms or other changes in tax laws and regulations; the level of governmental economic incentives available to support the adoption of battery electric vehicles; the impact of increasingly stringent regulations regarding fuel efficiency requirements and reduced greenhouse gas and tailpipe emissions; various types of claims  lawsuits  governmental investigations and other contingencies  including product liability and warranty claims and environmental claims  investigations and lawsuits; material operating expenditures in relation to compliance with environmental  health and safety regulations; the level of competition in the automotive industry  which may increase due to consolidation and new entrants; Stellantis’ ability to attract and retain experienced management and employees; exposure to shortfalls in the funding of Stellantis’ defined benefit pension plans; Stellantis’ ability to provide or arrange for access to adequate financing for dealers and retail customers and associated risks related to the operations of financial services companies; Stellantis’ ability to access funding to execute its business plan; Stellantis’ ability to realize anticipated benefits from joint venture arrangements; disruptions arising from political  social and economic instability; risks associated with Stellantis’ relationships with employees  dealers and suppliers; Stellantis’ ability to maintain effective internal controls over financial reporting; developments in labor and industrial relations and developments in applicable labor laws; earthquakes or other disasters; risks and other items described in Stellantis’ Annual Report on Form 20-F for the year ended December 31  2023 and Current Reports on Form 6-K and amendments thereto filed with the SEC; and other risks and uncertainties.Any forward-looking statements contained in this communication speak only as of the date of this document and Stellantis disclaims any obligation to update or revise publicly forward-looking statements. Further information concerning Stellantis and its businesses  including factors that could materially affect Stellantis’ financial results  is included in Stellantis’ reports and filings with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission and AFM.Attachment,neutral,0.02,0.98,0.0,positive,0.64,0.35,0.02,True,English,"['Multiple World Premiere Software-Driven Products', 'B2B Customers', 'Stellantis', 'B2C', 'Multiple World Premiere Software-Driven Products', 'STLA AutoDrive AI-powered technology platforms', 'traditional auto industry mindset', 'groundbreaking Virtual Engineering Workbench', 'monetizable connected car parc', 'Stellantis Chief Software Officer', 'upcoming Stellantis brand vehicles', 'new Stellantis brand vehicles', 'automotive software development speed', 'monetizable car parc', '24/7 work cycles', 'Free2move Connect Fleet', 'electronic control units', 'cutting-edge technology platforms', 'technology development hubs', 'digital personal profile', 'Next-generation technology platforms', 'transformative STLA Brain', 'STLA SmartCockpit debuts', 'software creation capabilities', 'Global software revenues', 'real-time vehicle data', 'new software products', 'new connected features', 'commercial vehicle users', 'smarter world', 'vehicle platforms', 'connected capabilities', 'Technology readiness', '13.8 million vehicles', 'new generation', 'subscription-based products', 'commercial owners', 'digital lives', 'New features', 'next-generation features', 'global network', 'live data', 'software growth', 'global footprint', 'technology integration', 'connected services', 'vehicle hub', 'vehicle occupants', 'existing vehicles', 'B2B Customers', 'three years', 'accretive margins', 'mobility experience', 'current owners', 'cloud-based design', 'testing tools', 'North America', 'mobile phone', 'customer base', '14 iconic brands', 'steady stream', 'high-margin revenue', 'same period', 'next chapter', 'strategic partners', 'two years', 'decisive shift', 'critical flexibility', 'Yves Bonnefont', 'next step', 'tech readiness', 'foundational architecture', 'centralized computing', 'six months', 'machine learning', 'AI technologies', 'simplified menus', 'fewer clicks', 'user inputs', 'productivity features', 'house capabilities', 'vehicle integration', 'sharp focus', 'competitive advantage', 'air access', 'seamless integration', 'AI-enabled experiences', 'startup company', 'OTA) updates', 'B2C', 'end', 'quality', 'AppMarket', 'ROUTES', 'BEV', 'mode', 'Europe', 'MyTasks', 'Mobilisights', 'planning', 'privacy', 'AMSTERDAM', 'consumer', 'effort', 'boost', '2.5 times', 'number', 'subscribers', 'achievements', 'deployment', 'roster', 'road', 'sensors', 'actuators', 'complexity', 'ECUs', 'half', 'today', 'process', 'personalization', 'response', 'ease', 'options', 'navigation', 'media', 'climate', 'lighting', 'key', 'preferences', '2024']",2024-06-13,2024-06-14,globenewswire.com
42738,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/CARMAT-6379853/news/CARMAT-Announces-the-Start-of-the-Equitization-of-the-First-Tranche-of-Its-EIB-Loan-46968812/,CARMAT Announces the Start of the Equitization of the First Tranche of Its EIB Loan,(marketscreener.com) Equitization of the first tranche of the EIB loan will reduce its repayment in cash and optimize the Company's cash positionSet-up of a trust and issuance of share warrants to the trustee  enabling it to subscribe shares of the Com…,"Equitization of the first tranche of the EIB loan will reduce its repayment in cash and optimize the Company's cash position Set-up of a trust and issuance of share warrants to the trustee  enabling it to subscribe shares of the Company to be then sold on the market  the proceeds of which being allocated to the repayment of the trancheRegulatory News:CARMAT (Paris:ALCAR):On February 14  2023  the French financial markets authority (Autorité des marchés financiers) invited companies issuing equity securities or securities giving access to capital on a staggered basis to adopt a standard communication and warning on the associated risks. This warning is shown below:DisclaimerCARMAT is launching an operation aimed at equitizing its debt to the European Investment Bank  which will notably involve staggered issues of shares in the Company to a trust  followed by their sale on the market.As the trust does not intend to remain a shareholder of the Company  the CARMAT shares issued in its favor will be sold on the market very shortly after their issuance  which could create strong downward pressure on the share price.Shareholders may suffer a loss of their invested capital due to a significant decrease in the value of the Company's shares  as well as significant dilution due to the large number of shares issued to the trust. Investors are advised to exercise caution before deciding to invest in CARMAT securities.Investors are invited to take note of the risks associated with this transaction  as set out in the press release below.CARMAT (FR0010907956  ALCAR)  designer and developer of the world’s most advanced total artificial heart  aiming to provide a therapeutic alternative for people suffering from advanced biventricular heart failure (the “Company” or “CARMAT”)  today announces the equitization of the first tranche of its loan contracted with the European Investment Bank (EIB) by the set-up of a trust and issuance of share warrants to the trustee.This implementation is part of the final agreement reached on March 22  2024 by CARMAT with its financial creditors1  including the EIB  on new repayment terms for its bank loans. The terms of the equitization are in all respects similar to those described when the agreement was announced.Stéphane Piat  CEO of CARMAT  comments: ""The equitization of the first tranche of the loan contracted with the EIB is part of the agreement we reached last March with all our financial creditors on the rescheduling of our bank loans and their new repayment terms.The effective start of this equitization is an important step and very good news  since it will enable us to significantly reduce the cash repayment of our debt  thereby contributing to contain our funding requirements.As our cash runway currently extends to mid-August 2024  we continue to work on several options to strengthen our equity and cash position over the coming months; and remain fully mobilized to pursue the commercial development of our therapy  which at this stage is very encouraging.""Main terms and conditions of the equitization of the first tranche of the loanUnder the terms of an agreement entered into on December 17  2018  the Company contracted a €30m loan with the EIB (the ""EIB Loan Agreement"")  paid in 3 tranches of €10 million respectively on January 31  2019 (the ""First Tranche"")  May 4  2020 (the ""Second Tranche"") and October 29  2021 (the ""Third Tranche"" and  together with the other tranches  the ""Tranches"").Under an agreement signed on March 22  2024  the EIB agreed to extend the maturity of the First Tranche to July 31  2026  and that of the other two Tranches to August 2027 and October 2028 respectively.In order to reduce the cash repayment due under the EIB Loan Agreement  the Company and the EIB have also decided to launch an equitization of the First Tranche2 to enable its gradual conversion into CARMAT shares via a management trust set up for the purposes of this operation and managed by IQEQ Management as a trustee  independent from the Company and the EIB (the ""Trust"").Today  EIB transferred its principal and interest receivable in respect of the First Tranche to the assets of the Trust. For technical reasons  this receivable was immediately assigned by the Trust to the Company so that the latter could proceed with its cancellation by confusion of the qualities of creditor and debtor. This assignment of the claim to the Company did not give rise to a cash payment but to the creation of a vendor loan (crédit vendeur) on the Company  to the benefit of the Trust (the ""Vendor Loan"").The Trust will progressively transform the aforementioned receivable into CARMAT shares through the exercise of share subscription warrants (the ""Warrants"") which were issued to it  free of charge  and can only be exercised by offsetting this receivable3. The shares so issued upon each exercise will then be progressively sold on the market by the Trust in accordance with predefined conditions  notably taking into account market volumes4; and the net proceeds of such sales will be paid by the Trust to the EIB until full repayment of the sums due to it under the First Tranche.Payments by the Trust to the EIB will be made every two months until the earlier of July 31  2026  or the date on which all amounts due to the EIB under the First Tranche have been paid. The first payment is scheduled on July 31  2024.Should the net proceeds from the sale of the shares not enable the EIB to be repaid in full by July 31  2026 (maturity date of the First Tranche)  the Company will repay the balance due to the EIB under the said tranche  in cash from its own treasury  on that date5. A partial repayment in cash by the Company of the sums due to the EIB under the First Tranche is therefore possible.A similar mechanism to that applicable to the First Tranche should then be put in place for the equitization of the second and third tranches of the loan  unless the EIB decides to waive it  which the market would be informed of.Main terms and conditions of the issue and exercise of the warrants  and of the sale of the shares resulting from the exercise of the warrantsPursuant to the Trust agreement signed for the purposes of the equitization and on the basis of the delegation of authority granted by the Company's Combined General Meeting of May 30  2024 under its nineteenth resolution  the Company has today issued  free of charge and without shareholders' pre-emptive subscription rights  6 million warrants to the benefit of the trustee acting on behalf of the Trust6.Each Warrant will entitle the holder to subscribe one share in the Company at an exercise price equal to the lowest volume-weighted average daily price of the Company's shares  observed over the trading days during which the Trust has not sold any CARMAT shares  out of the last fifteen consecutive trading days immediately preceding their exercise date. The Warrants may be exercised for a period of 4 years from their issue date  it being specified that any warrant not exercised will automatically lapse once the receivables to be ""equitized"" have been repaid in full to the EIB. The warrants will not be admitted to trading on the Euronext Growth Paris market  nor on any other financial market.As of this date  the trustee is in charge of:- exercising the warrants in accordance with the terms and conditions set out in the trust agreement  and paying their exercise price by offsetting the claim that the Trust has against the Company under the Vendor Loan; then- selling progressively on the market the new shares resulting from the exercise of the warrants  in accordance with predefined terms and conditions  notably in terms of price and volume7.The new shares issued upon exercise of the warrants will carry dividend rights. They will benefit from the same rights as those attached to the Company's existing ordinary shares and will be listed on the Euronext Growth Paris market on the same listing line as existing CARMAT shares under ISIN code FR0010907956.At the beginning of each month  the Company will publish on its website a table including a follow-up of the number of warrants along with the number of shares issued upon their exercise. The Company will also publish the number of voting rights and shares making up its share capital  in accordance with article 223-16 of the general regulations of the AMF (French financial market authority).Equitization-related costsEquitization costs are in line with market practice for capital increases by listed companies in France  it being specified that the trustee will not receive any variable remuneration.Conflicts of interestTo the best of the Company's knowledge  the implementation of equitization does not create any conflicts of interest for its executives and corporate officers.ProspectusThe equitization does not give rise to the preparation of a prospectus subject to the approval of the AMF. This press release does not constitute a prospectus under Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 of the European Parliament and of the Council of June 14  2017  as amended  or a public offering.Risk factorsRisk factors associated with EquitizationThe public's attention is drawn to the risk factors relating to the Company and its business  presented in chapter 2 of its universal registration document 2023 filed under number D.24-0374 with the AMF on April 30  2024  available free of charge on the Company's website (www.carmatsa.com) and the AMF website (www.amf-france.org).Readers' attention is especially drawn to the fact that the Company's current cash runway is limited to mid-August 2024. The occurrence of any or all of these risks could have an adverse effect on the Company's business  financial situation  results  development or prospects.In addition  investors are invited to consider the specific risks associated with the equitization:- risk of dilution of the Company's shareholders: the Company's shareholders will suffer dilution when the warrants are exercised (see paragraph ""Dilution linked to equitization"" below);- risk relating to changes in the share price: as the trustee acting on behalf of the Trust is not intended to remain a shareholder of the Company  sales of shares issued on exercise of the Warrants could create strong downward pressure on CARMAT's share price  and shareholders could thus suffer a loss of their invested capital due to a significant fall in the value of the Company's shares;- risk of volatility and liquidity of the Company's shares: the sale on the market of shares issued on exercise of the Warrants is likely to have a significant impact on the volatility and liquidity of the Company's shares; and- risk of the EIB not being fully repaid through the equitization of the First Tranche of the loan: the Company may be required to repay part of the First Tranche in cash if  by July 31  2026  the net proceeds from the sale of shares have not enabled the EIB to be fully repaid in respect of the said Tranche.Dilution related to the equitizationFor illustrative purposes only  assuming (i) that the Warrants are exercised at an exercise price equal to the lowest volume-weighted average daily price of the Company's shares over the fifteen trading days preceding May 31  2024 (i.e. €3.00) and (ii) the underlying shares sold at the closing price of the Company's shares on the day before the same date  5.6 million warrants would have to be exercised in order to repay in full the sums due to the EIB under the First Tranche (i.e. around €18 million); on this assumption  a shareholder holding 1% of the Company's share capital before equitization of the First Tranche  would see his stake reduced to 0.86% of the share capital after equitization of this tranche.On the basis of the same assumptions  14.9 million Warrants would have to be exercised to repay in full the sums due to the EIB under the three tranches of the loan (i.e. around €47 million); under this assumption  a shareholder holding 1% of the Company's share capital before equitization of the three tranches would see his stake reduced to 0.74% of the share capital after equitization of the said tranches.This example of dilution in no way prejudges the final number of shares to be issued  nor their issue or sale price  which will be determined on the basis of the stock market price prevailing at the time of exercise of the Warrants and sale of the underlying shares  as described in this press release.***About CARMATCARMAT is a French MedTech that designs  manufactures and markets the Aeson® artificial heart. The Company’s ambition is to make Aeson® the first alternative to a heart transplant  and thus provide a therapeutic solution to people suffering from end-stage biventricular heart failure  who are facing a well-known shortfall in available human grafts. The world’s first physiological artificial heart that is highly hemocompatible  pulsatile and self-regulated  Aeson® could save  every year  the lives of thousands of patients waiting for a heart transplant. The device offers patients quality of life and mobility thanks to its ergonomic and portable external power supply system that is continuously connected to the implanted prosthesis. Aeson® is commercially available as a bridge to transplant in the European Union and other countries that recognize CE marking. Aeson® is also currently being assessed within the framework of an Early Feasibility Study (EFS) in the United States. Founded in 2008  CARMAT is based in the Paris region  with its head offices located in Vélizy-Villacoublay and its production site in Bois-d’Arcy. The Company can rely on the talent and expertise of a multidisciplinary team of circa 200 highly specialized people. CARMAT is listed on the Euronext Growth market in Paris (Ticker: ALCAR / ISIN code: FR0010907956).For more information  please go to www.carmatsa.com and follow us on LinkedIn.Name: CARMATISIN code: FR0010907956Ticker: ALCARDisclaimerThis press release and the information contained herein do not constitute an offer to sell or subscribe  nor a solicitation of an order to buy or subscribe to CARMAT shares in any country. This press release may contain forward-looking statements by the company regarding its objectives and prospects. These forward-looking statements are based on the current estimates and anticipations of the company's management and are subject to risk factors and uncertainties such as the company's ability to implement its strategy  the pace of development of CARMAT's production and sales  the pace and results of ongoing or planned clinical trials  technological evolution and competitive environment  regulatory changes  industrial risks  and all risks associated with the company's growth management. The company's objectives mentioned in this press release may not be achieved due to these elements or other risk factors and uncertainties.The Company's material and specific risks are those described in its universal registration document filed with the Autorité des Marchés Financiers (AMF) under number D.24-0374. Readers' attention is particularly drawn to the fact that the Company's current cash runway is limited to mid-August 2024. Readers' and investors' attention is also drawn to the fact that other risks  unknown or not considered material and specific  may or may not exist.Aeson® is an active implantable medical device commercially available in the European Union and other countries recognizing CE marking. The Aeson® total artificial heart is intended to replace the ventricles of the native heart and is indicated as a bridge to transplant for patients suffering from end-stage biventricular heart failure (INTERMACS classes 1-4) who cannot benefit from maximal medical therapy or a left ventricular assist device (LVAD) and who are likely to undergo a heart transplant within 180 days of implantation. The decision to implant and the surgical procedure must be carried out by healthcare professionals trained by the manufacturer. The documentation (clinician manual  patient manual  and alarm booklet) should be carefully read to understand the features of Aeson® and the information necessary for patient selection and proper use (contraindications  precautions  side effects). In the United States  Aeson® is currently exclusively available as part of an Early Feasibility Study approved by the Food & Drug Administration (FDA)._________________________________________1 Press release March 22  20242 The equitization concerns both the principal and the interest of the First Tranche (i.e. a total amount of around €18 million)  so that the Company will have nothing further to disburse under this tranche before its maturity (except in the event of default or early repayment  which remain unchanged)  i.e. July 31  2026. The total amount to be repaid to the EIB under the three Tranches (principal and interest) is approximately €47 million.3 The exercise of the warrants will not give rise to the receipt of funds by the Company insofar as the exercise price of the warrants will be paid by offsetting against the receivable that the Trust holds against the Company under the Vendor Loan.4 The broker in charge of disposals is aiming to sell a daily volume of shares limited to 12.5% of CARMAT's daily traded volumes  and for the sale price to be as close as possible to the day's VWAP.5 In this context  the Company has granted the EIB an autonomous first demand guarantee in the event of non-repayment  on the date agreed in the EIB Loan Contract  of the sums due to it under the First Tranche.6 It is specified that additional Warrants may be issued at a later date by the Company to the trustee  acting on behalf of the Trust  should the number of Warrants initially issued be insufficient to fully complete the equitization of the First Tranche.7 The broker in charge of disposals is aiming to sell a daily volume of shares limited to 12.5% of CARMAT's daily traded volumes  and for the sale price to be as close as possible to the day's VWAP.View source version on businesswire.com: https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20240613336642/en/",neutral,0.22,0.77,0.01,mixed,0.29,0.15,0.56,True,English,"['First Tranche', 'EIB Loan', 'CARMAT', 'Start', 'Equitization', 'Autorité des marchés financiers', 'advanced total artificial heart', 'advanced biventricular heart failure', 'French financial markets authority', 'strong downward pressure', 'Stéphane Piat', 'crédit vendeur', 'European Investment Bank', 'other two Tranches', 'share subscription warrants', 'new repayment terms', 'EIB Loan Agreement', 'financial creditors', 'bank loans', 'share warrants', 'share price', 'other tranches', 'Regulatory News', 'staggered basis', 'standard communication', 'staggered issues', 'significant decrease', 'significant dilution', 'large number', 'press release', 'therapeutic alternative', 'effective start', 'important step', 'good news', 'funding requirements', 'several options', 'coming months', 'commercial development', 'Main terms', 'First Tranche2', 'gradual conversion', 'IQEQ Management', 'technical reasons', 'Second Tranche', 'Third Tranche', '€30m loan', 'vendor loan', 'cash position', 'cash repayment', 'cash runway', 'cash payment', 'final agreement', 'associated risks', 'predefined conditions', 'net proceeds', 'interest receivable', 'market volumes4', 'equity securities', 'management trust', 'The Trust', 'CARMAT securities', 'CARMAT shares', '3 tranches', 'Equitization', 'Company', 'issuance', 'trustee', 'Paris', 'ALCAR', 'February', 'companies', 'access', 'capital', 'warning', 'Disclaimer', 'operation', 'debt', 'sale', 'shareholder', 'favor', 'loss', 'value', 'Investors', 'caution', 'note', 'transaction', 'designer', 'developer', 'world', 'people', 'set', 'up', 'implementation', 'part', 'respects', 'CEO', 'rescheduling', 'mid-August', 'therapy', 'stage', 'December', 'January', 'October', 'maturity', 'July', 'order', 'purposes', 'principal', 'cancellation', 'confusion', 'qualities', 'assignment', 'rise', 'creation', 'benefit', 'exercise', 'charge', 'accordance', 'account']",2024-06-13,2024-06-14,marketscreener.com
42739,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/AFYREN-126986323/news/AFYREN-Publishes-Its-First-Sustainability-Report-and-Shares-Its-CSR-Vision-and-Commitments-46963031/,AFYREN Publishes Its First Sustainability Report and Shares Its CSR Vision and Commitments,(marketscreener.com) AFYREN affirms its proactive approach to extra-financial information and publishes its first sustainability report inspired by the CSRD directiveAFYREN undertakes to give priority to solutions that represent an advantage in terms of…,"AFYREN affirms its proactive approach to extra-financial information and publishes its first sustainability report inspired by the CSRD directive AFYREN undertakes to give priority to solutions that represent an advantage in terms of sustainability for industry and consumers  to pursue industrial development based on a completely circular model that respects the “NetZero” trajectory  and to work for the safety and well-being of its teams in the workplaceRegulatory News:AFYREN (Paris:ALAFY)  a greentech company that offers manufacturers bio-based  low-carbon ingredients produced using unique fermentation technology based on a completely circular model  announces the release of its first sustainability report.This document is available for consultation and download in a dedicated section of the company's website: https://afyren.com/en/vision/A first sustainability report inspired by the CSRD directiveAs a growing industrial player  AFYREN is reaffirming its responsibility to environmental and social issues and has decided to publish its first sustainability report to assess its initiatives and performance in this area.This approach is also in line with the company's objective to progressive alignment with the European CSRD directive. Although AFYREN is not currently subject to this directive  the company has voluntarily drawn up its first sustainability report in accordance with ESRS (Environmental  Social  and Governance Reporting Standards).AFYREN is committed to maintaining its transparency efforts and plans to gradually introduce a double materiality analysis.""At AFYREN  we see sustainability as an essential pillar of our business model. By communicating transparently and consistently about the impact of its activity on the environment  AFYREN intends to strengthen the confidence of its stakeholders and renews its ambition to create new virtuous value chains for society and the environment ” said Nicolas SORDET  CEO of AFYREN.A clear strategy to reinforce AFYREN's positive impact on the environment and societySince its creation  AFYREN has sought to assert its position as an innovative and responsible company  as reflected in its raison d'être: “Enabling a low-carbon  circular and regenerative industry by providing bio-based solutions built with our partners to benefit the environment”. Structured around three CSR pillars  AFYREN has defined a clear strategy to reinforce its positive impact on the environment and society.Pillar I: Products & innovationAFYREN has achieved ambitious targets for 2023  with 100% of its solutions offering a sustainability advantage for industry and consumers (assessed by life-cycle analysis of its products). Eco-design is at the heart of AFYREN's innovation  with bio-based raw materials that do not compete with food crops  and certified sustainable end products that offer a low-carbon alternative to fossil resources (carbon footprint divided by 5). CSR criteria are integrated into the company's project management to maintain this level of performance and meet the expectations and needs of consumers and customers. In the medium term  AFYREN is aiming for 100% bio-based  low-carbon acid production of around 70 000 tons per year.Pillar II: Operations & governanceIn the area of operations and governance  AFYREN is committed to pursuing its industrial development while containing its carbon footprint to meet the “NetZero” trajectory and optimizing the circularity of its business model. Thus  all the acids produced by AFYREN are derived from regional renewable raw materials  from residues and transformed using a low-carbon process. Entirely circular  AFYREN's process can be described as “zero industrial waste”  since its only by-product is used as fertilizer in organic farming. To secure a broad supply of raw materials  AFYREN continues to test new bio-based substrates in the laboratory. Ultimately  AFYREN is aiming for 3 production units  an optimized energy supply and 100% of the biomass used to be sustainably sourced  enabling it to save around 130 000 tons of CO 2 per year across its entire value chain.Pillar III: Coworkers and stakeholdersAFYREN places the relationship with its coworkers and stakeholders at the heart of its concerns. The company guarantees a safe and motivating environment for its teams  with a strongly developed safety culture at all levels and preventive actions. In a context of rapid growth for the company and its workforce (x5 in three years)  the HR policy is based on close dialogue (high participation rate in the HR barometer) and deployed to attract the best talents  structure the Group and ensure organizational efficiency. The company benefits from a significant representation of women in management positions  as well as a wide range of profiles from very different sectors (including a Responsible Care® award for its innovative recruitment program based on the MRS method). AFYREN is also fully committed to developing the bioeconomy sector in the regions where it operates  with 75 skilled industrial jobs created in Carling Saint-Avold. AFYREN intends to pursue its development to create several hundred skilled local industrial jobs in the medium term  and to pursue an ambitious workplace safety policy.AFYREN's pursuit of operational excellence and the integration of CSR and ethical practices into its processes has enabled it to achieve a rating of 83/100 in 2023  reaching the “Platinum” level in the EthiFinance extra-financial rating  with a steady rise in this assessment over the past 4 years. AFYREN's sustainability report aims to explain this vision  and to share its commitments and results in greater detail. It is an exercise in transparency and a tool that will facilitate the company's progress and dialogue with its stakeholders.""We believe that the reporting efforts induced by the CSRD directive will help to establish virtuous standards for players in the European economy. Sustainability reports will help to raise companies' ambitions in terms of ESG reporting  as they introduce standards that are comparable and applicable to all players. This directive will also enable investors wishing to invest in responsible companies to find their bearings more easily within a harmonized and transparent framework ” concluded Caroline PETIGNY  CSR and Communications Director at AFYREN.***About AFYRENAFYREN is a French greentech company launched in 2012 to meet the challenge of decarbonizing industrial supplies. Its natural  innovative and proprietary fermentation technology valorizes local biomass from non-food agricultural co-products  replacing petro-sourced ingredients usually used in many product formulations. AFYREN's 100% biobased  low-carbon and sustainable solutions can meet decarbonization challenges in a wide variety of strategic sectors: human and animal nutrition  flavors and fragrances  life sciences and materials  and lubricants and technical fluids. AFYREN's plug-and-play  circular technology combines sustainability and competitiveness  with no need for manufacturers to change their processes.The Group's first French plant  AFYREN NEOXY  a joint venture with Bpifrance's SPI fund  is located in the Grand-Est region of France  in Saint Avold  serving mainly the European market.AFYREN is also pursuing a project in Thailand with a world leader in the sugar industry  and is developing its presence in the Americas  following up on distribution agreements it has already signed.At the end of 2023  AFYREN employed about 120 people in Lyon  Clermont-Ferrand and Carling Saint-Avold. The company invests 20% of its annual budget in R&D to further develop its sustainable solutions.AFYREN has been listed on the Euronext Growth® exchange in Paris since 2021 (ISIN code: FR0014005AC9  mnemonic: ALAFY).Find out more: afyren.comView source version on businesswire.com: https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20240612659473/en/",neutral,0.05,0.94,0.01,positive,0.6,0.39,0.01,True,English,"['First Sustainability Report', 'CSR Vision', 'AFYREN', 'Commitments', 'new virtuous value chains', 'certified sustainable end products', 'regional renewable raw materials', '100% bio-based, low-carbon acid production', 'new bio-based substrates', 'entire value chain', 'unique fermentation technology', 'bio-based raw materials', 'high participation rate', 'bio-based, low-carbon ingredients', 'growing industrial player', 'zero industrial waste', '75 skilled industrial jobs', 'double materiality analysis', 'Responsible Care® award', 'first sustainability report', 'three CSR pillars', 'innovative recruitment program', 'Governance Reporting Standards', 'European CSRD directive', '3 production units', 'industrial development', 'low-carbon, circular', 'low-carbon alternative', 'life-cycle analysis', 'CSR criteria', 'three years', 'bio-based solutions', 'low-carbon process', 'extra-financial information', 'circular model', 'NetZero” trajectory', 'Regulatory News', 'dedicated section', 'social issues', 'progressive alignment', 'transparency efforts', 'essential pillar', 'business model', 'Nicolas SORDET', 'clear strategy', 'Pillar I', 'ambitious targets', 'food crops', 'fossil resources', 'carbon footprint', 'project management', 'medium term', 'organic farming', 'broad supply', 'energy supply', 'preventive actions', 'rapid growth', 'HR policy', 'close dialogue', 'HR barometer', 'best talents', 'organizational efficiency', 'significant representation', 'management positions', 'wide range', 'different sectors', 'MRS method', 'bioeconomy sector', 'Carling Saint-Avold', 'sustainability advantage', 'responsible company', 'positive impact', 'proactive approach', 'Environmental, Social', 'safety culture', 'regenerative industry', 'greentech company', 'motivating environment', 'AFYREN', 'priority', 'terms', 'consumers', 'well-being', 'teams', 'workplace', 'Paris', 'ALAFY', 'manufacturers', 'release', 'document', 'consultation', 'download', 'website', 'responsibility', 'initiatives', 'performance', 'area', 'line', 'objective', 'accordance', 'ESRS', 'activity', 'confidence', 'stakeholders', 'ambition', 'society', 'CEO', 'creation', 'raison', 'partners', 'innovation', 'Eco-design', 'heart', 'level', 'expectations', 'needs', 'customers', '70,000 tons', 'Operations', 'circularity', 'acids', 'residues', 'fertilizer', 'laboratory', 'biomass', '130,000 tons', 'Coworkers', 'relationship', 'concerns', 'context', 'workforce', 'Group', 'women', 'profiles', 'regions']",2024-06-13,2024-06-14,marketscreener.com
42740,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/LIFECARE-44644729/news/Lifecare-ASA-Last-day-of-the-Subscription-Period-in-the-Rights-Issue-46963228/,Lifecare ASA: Last day of the Subscription Period in the Rights Issue,(marketscreener.com)   Lifecare ASA: Last day of the Subscription Period in the Rights Issue      13 Jun 2024 08:00 CEST    Subscribe     Issuer   Lifecare ASA     NOT FOR DISTRIBUTION OR RELEASE  DIRECTLY OR...https://www.marketscree…,"Lifecare ASA: Last day of the Subscription Period in the Rights IssueNOT FOR DISTRIBUTION OR RELEASE  DIRECTLY OR INDIRECTLY  IN OR INTO THE UNITEDSTATES  CANADA  AUSTRALIA  THE HONG KONG SPECIAL ADMINISTRATIVE REGION OF THEPEOPLE'S REPUBLIC OF CHINA  JAPAN OR ANY OTHER JURISDICTION IN WHICH THEDISTRIBUTION OR RELEASE WOULD BE UNLAWFUL. OTHER RESTRICTIONS ARE APPLICABLE.PLEASE SEE THE IMPORTANT INFORMATION AT THE END OF THIS ANNOUNCEMENT.Reference is made to the previous stock exchange announcements published byLifecare ASA (""Lifecare"" or the ""Company"") regarding the partiallyunderwritten rights issue of between 49 199 128 and 59 038 955 new shares inthe Company (the ""Offer Shares"") at a subscription price of NOK 1.52442 perOffer Share (the ""Subscription Price"")  raising gross proceeds between NOK 75million and NOK 90 million (the ""Rights Issue""). The subscribers in the RightsIssue will be allocated one warrant for every two Offer Shares allocated to and paid  by them in the Rights Issue (the ""Warrants""). The Company will issuebetween 24 599 564 and 29 519 478 Warrants.The subscription period for the Rights Issue (the ""Subscription Period"")expires today  13 June 2024  at 16:30 hours (CEST). Over-subscription andsubscription without subscription rights is permitted  however  there can beno assurance that Offer Shares will be allocated for such subscriptions.Subscriptions for Offer Shares must be made within the expiry of theSubscription Period and may either be made through the VPS online subscriptionsystem or by submitting a correctly completed subscription form to Carnegie AS(acting as the manager for the Rights Issue  the ""Manager"")  in accordancewith the instructions set out in the Prospectus (as defined below). TheWarrants will automatically be subscribed for through delivery of a correctlycompleted subscription prior to the expiry of the Subscription Period.Subscription rights that are not used to subscribe for Offer Shares before theexpiry of the Subscription Period will have no value and will lapse withoutcompensation to the holder.For more information  and the complete terms and conditions of the RightsIssue  please refer to the prospectus for the Rights Issue dated 28 May 2024(the ""Prospectus""). The Prospectus  including the subscription form for theRights Issue  is  subject to applicable local securities laws  available viathe website of the Company (www.lifecare.no/preferential-rights-issue) and atthe website of the Manager(www.carnegie.no/ongoing-prospectuses-and-offerings/).For more information  please contact:Joacim Holter  CEO  joacim.holter@lifecare.no  +47 40 05 90 40Renete Kaarvik  CFO  renete.kaarvik@lifecare.no  +47 94 83 82 42For information about the Rights Issue  please contact the Manager: +47 22 0093 60Disclosure regulation:This information is published in accordance with the requirements of theContinuing Obligations for companies listed on Euronext Growth Oslo andsection 5-12 of the Norwegian Securities Trading Act.About Lifecare:Lifecare is a clinical stage medical sensor company developing technology forsensing and monitoring of various body analytes. Lifecare's main focus is tobring the next generation of Continuous Glucose Monitoring (""CGM"") systems tomarket. Lifecare enables osmotic pressure as sensing principle  combined withthe ability to manipulate Nano-granular Tunnelling Resistive sensors (""NTR"")on the sensor body for read-out of pressure variations. Lifecare's sensortechnology is referred to as ""Sencell"" and is suitable for identifying andmonitoring the occurrence of a wide range of analytes and molecules in thehuman body and in pets.Important information:Any offering of the securities referred to in this announcement will be madeby means of the Prospectus which has been registered with the NorwegianRegister of Business Enterprises. Neither the Financial Supervisory Authorityof Norway nor any other public authority has carried out any form of review control  or approval of the Prospectus. The Prospectus does not constitute anEEA prospectus.This announcement is an advertisement and is not a prospectus for the purposesof Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 of the European Parliament and of the Council of14 June 2017 on prospectuses to be published when securities are offered tothe public or admitted to trading on a regulated market  and repealingDirective 2003/71/EC (as amended) as implemented in any EEA Member State (the""Prospectus Regulation""). Investors should not subscribe for any securitiesreferred to in this announcement except on the basis of information containedin the Prospectus. Copies of the Prospectus are available from the Company'sregistered office and  subject to certain exceptions  on the website of theManager.In any EEA Member State  this communication is only addressed to and is onlydirected at qualified investors in that Member State within the meaning of theProspectus Regulation  i.e.  only to investors who can receive the offerwithout an approved prospectus in such EEA Member State.In the United Kingdom  this communication is only addressed to and is onlydirected at Qualified Investors who (i) are investment professionals fallingwithin Article 19(5) of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 (FinancialPromotion) Order 2005 (as amended) (the ""Order"") or (ii) are persons fallingwithin Article 49(2)(a) to (d) of the Order (high net worth companies unincorporated associations  etc.) (all such persons together being referredto as ""Relevant Persons""). These materials are directed only at RelevantPersons and must not be acted on or relied on by persons who are not RelevantPersons. Any investment or investment activity to which this announcementrelates is available only to Relevant Persons and will be engaged in only withRelevant Persons. Persons distributing this communication must satisfythemselves that it is lawful to do so.This document is not for publication or distribution in  directly orindirectly  Australia  Canada  Japan  the United States or any otherjurisdiction in which such release  publication or distribution would beunlawful  and it does not constitute an offer or invitation to subscribe foror purchase any securities in such countries or in any other jurisdiction. Inparticular  the document and the information contained herein should not bedistributed or otherwise transmitted into the United States or to publicationswith a general circulation in the United States of America.The Manager is acting for the Company in connection with the Rights Issue andno one else and will not be responsible to anyone other than the Company forproviding the protections afforded to its clients or for providing advice inrelation to the Rights Issue or any transaction or arrangement referred to inthis announcement.Matters discussed in this announcement may constitute forward-lookingstatements. Forward-looking statements are statements that are not historicalfacts and may be identified by words such as ""anticipate""  ""believe"" ""continue""  ""estimate""  ""expect""  ""intends""  ""may""  ""should""  ""will"" andsimilar expressions. The forward-looking statements in this release are basedupon various assumptions  many of which are based  in turn  upon furtherassumptions. Although the Company believes that these assumptions werereasonable when made  these assumptions are inherently subject to significantknown and unknown risks  uncertainties  contingencies and other importantfactors which are difficult or impossible to predict and are beyond itscontrol. Such risks  uncertainties  contingencies and other important factorscould cause actual events to differ materially from the expectations expressedor implied in this release by such forward-looking statements. Theinformation  opinions and forward-looking statements contained in thisannouncement speak only as at its date and are subject to change withoutnotice  and each of the Company  the Manager and its affiliates expresslydisclaims any obligation or undertaking to update  review or revise anystatement contained in this announcement whether as a result of newinformation  future developments or otherwise. This announcement is made byand is the responsibility of  the Company. Neither the Manager nor any of itsaffiliates makes any representation as to the accuracy or completeness of thisannouncement and none of them accepts any responsibility for the contents ofthis announcement or any matters referred to herein.This announcement is for information purposes only and is not to be reliedupon in substitution for the exercise of independent judgment. It is notintended as investment advice and under no circumstances is it to be used orconsidered as an offer to sell  or a solicitation of an offer to buy anysecurities or a recommendation to buy or sell any securities of the Company.No reliance may be placed for any purpose on the information contained in thisannouncement or its accuracy  fairness or completeness. Neither the Managernor any of its affiliates accepts any liability arising from the use of thisannouncement.More information:Access the news on Oslo Bors NewsWeb site621336_Lifecare ASA- Last day of the Subscription Period in the Rights Issue.pdf",neutral,0.12,0.79,0.08,negative,0.01,0.2,0.79,True,English,"['Lifecare ASA', 'Subscription Period', 'Rights Issue', 'Last', 'THE HONG KONG SPECIAL ADMINISTRATIVE REGION', 'clinical stage medical sensor company', 'previous stock exchange announcements', 'Nano-granular Tunnelling Resistive sensors', 'applicable local securities laws', 'VPS online subscription system', 'Norwegian Securities Trading Act', 'Euronext Growth Oslo', 'Financial Supervisory Authority', 'Continuous Glucose Monitoring', 'EEA Member State', 'various body analytes', 'other public authority', 'underwritten rights issue', 'two Offer Shares', 'sensor body', 'Norwegian Register', 'sensor technology', 'OTHER JURISDICTION', 'OTHER RESTRICTIONS', 'human body', 'The Company', 'EEA prospectus', 'subscription rights', 'gross proceeds', 'one warrant', 'complete terms', 'Joacim Holter', 'joacim.holter', 'Continuing Obligations', 'main focus', 'next generation', 'CGM"") systems', 'osmotic pressure', 'pressure variations', 'wide range', 'Business Enterprises', 'European Parliament', 'registered office', 'Subscription Period', 'subscription price', '59,038,955 new shares', 'Disclosure regulation', 'The Prospectus', 'The Warrants', 'subscription form', 'Carnegie AS', 'sensing principle', 'regulated market', 'qualified investors', 'IMPORTANT INFORMATION', 'Lifecare ASA', 'Prospectus Regulation', 'Renete Kaarvik', '19,478 Warrants', 'Last', 'DISTRIBUTION', 'RELEASE', 'UNITED', 'STATES', 'CANADA', 'AUSTRALIA', 'PEOPLE', 'REPUBLIC', 'CHINA', 'JAPAN', 'END', 'Reference', 'NOK', 'subscribers', '16:30 hours', 'CEST', 'assurance', 'subscriptions', 'expiry', 'manager', 'accordance', 'instructions', 'delivery', 'value', 'compensation', 'holder', 'conditions', 'website', 'preferential-rights-issue', 'prospectuses', 'offerings', 'CEO', 'CFO', 'requirements', 'companies', 'section', 'ability', 'NTR', 'Sencell', 'occurrence', 'molecules', 'pets', 'means', 'Norway', 'review', 'approval', 'advertisement', 'purposes', 'Council', '14 June', 'Directive', 'basis', 'Copies', 'exceptions', 'communication', 'meaning', '2']",2024-06-13,2024-06-14,marketscreener.com
42741,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.investing.com/news/press-releases/afyren-publishes-its-first-sustainability-report-and-shares-its-csr-vision-and-commitments-93CH-3482424,AFYREN Publishes Its First Sustainability Report and Shares Its CSR Vision and Commitments By Investing.com,AFYREN Publishes Its First Sustainability Report and Shares Its CSR Vision and Commitments,"AFYREN affirms its proactive approach to extra-financial information and publishes its first sustainability report inspired by the CSRD directiveAFYREN undertakes to give priority to solutions that represent an advantage in terms of sustainability for industry and consumers  to pursue industrial development based on a completely circular model that respects the NetZero trajectory  and to work for the safety and well-being of its teams in the workplaceCLERMONT-FERRAND  France & LYON  France--(BUSINESS WIRE)--Regulatory News:AFYREN (Paris:ALAFY)  a greentech company that offers manufacturers bio-based  low-carbon ingredients produced using unique fermentation technology based on a completely circular model  announces the release of its first sustainability report.This document is available for consultation and download in a dedicated section of the company's website: https://afyren.com/en/vision/A first sustainability report inspired by the CSRD directiveAs a growing industrial player  AFYREN is reaffirming its responsibility to environmental and social issues and has decided to publish its first sustainability report to assess its initiatives and performance in this area.This approach is also in line with the company's objective to progressive alignment with the European CSRD directive. Although AFYREN is not currently subject to this directive  the company has voluntarily drawn up its first sustainability report in accordance with ESRS (Environmental  Social  and Governance Reporting Standards).AFYREN is committed to maintaining its transparency efforts and plans to gradually introduce a double materiality analysis.""At AFYREN  we see sustainability as an essential pillar of our business model. By communicating transparently and consistently about the impact of its activity on the environment  AFYREN intends to strengthen the confidence of its stakeholders and renews its ambition to create new virtuous value chains for society and the environment  said Nicolas SORDET  CEO of AFYREN.A clear strategy to reinforce AFYREN's positive impact on the environment and societySince its creation  AFYREN has sought to assert its position as an innovative and responsible company  as reflected in its raison d'Ãªtre: Enabling a low-carbon  circular and regenerative industry by providing bio-based solutions built with our partners to benefit the environment. Structured around three CSR pillars  AFYREN has defined a clear strategy to reinforce its positive impact on the environment and society.Pillar I: Products & innovationAFYREN has achieved ambitious targets for 2023  with 100% of its solutions offering a sustainability advantage for industry and consumers (assessed by life-cycle analysis of its products). Eco-design is at the heart of AFYREN's innovation  with bio-based raw materials that do not compete with food crops  and certified sustainable end products that offer a low-carbon alternative to fossil resources (carbon footprint divided by 5). CSR criteria are integrated into the company's project management to maintain this level of performance and meet the expectations and needs of consumers and customers. In the medium term  AFYREN is aiming for 100% bio-based  low-carbon acid production of around 70 000 tons per year.Pillar II: Operations & governanceIn the area of operations and governance  AFYREN is committed to pursuing its industrial development while containing its carbon footprint to meet the NetZero trajectory and optimizing the circularity of its business model. Thus  all the acids produced by AFYREN are derived from regional renewable raw materials  from residues and transformed using a low-carbon process. Entirely circular  AFYREN's process can be described as zero industrial waste  since its only by-product is used as fertilizer in organic farming. To secure a broad supply of raw materials  AFYREN continues to test new bio-based substrates in the laboratory. Ultimately  AFYREN is aiming for 3 production units  an optimized energy supply and 100% of the biomass used to be sustainably sourced  enabling it to save around 130 000 tons of CO2 per year across its entire value chain.Pillar III: Coworkers and stakeholdersAFYREN places the relationship with its coworkers and stakeholders at the heart of its concerns. The company guarantees a safe and motivating environment for its teams  with a strongly developed safety culture at all levels and preventive actions. In a context of rapid growth for the company and its workforce (x5 in three years)  the HR policy is based on close dialogue (high participation rate in the HR barometer) and deployed to attract the best talents  structure the Group and ensure organizational efficiency. The company benefits from a significant representation of women in management positions  as well as a wide range of profiles from very different sectors (including a Responsible Care ® award for its innovative recruitment program based on the MRS method). AFYREN is also fully committed to developing the bioeconomy sector in the regions where it operates  with 75 skilled industrial jobs created in Carling Saint-Avold. AFYREN intends to pursue its development to create several hundred skilled local industrial jobs in the medium term  and to pursue an ambitious workplace safety policy.AFYREN's pursuit of operational excellence and the integration of CSR and ethical practices into its processes has enabled it to achieve a rating of 83/100 in 2023  reaching the Platinum level in the EthiFinance extra-financial rating  with a steady rise in this assessment over the past 4 years. AFYREN's sustainability report aims to explain this vision  and to share its commitments and results in greater detail. It is an exercise in transparency and a tool that will facilitate the company's progress and dialogue with its stakeholders.""We believe that the reporting efforts induced by the CSRD directive will help to establish virtuous standards for players in the European economy. Sustainability reports will help to raise companies' ambitions in terms of ESG reporting  as they introduce standards that are comparable and applicable to all players. This directive will also enable investors wishing to invest in responsible companies to find their bearings more easily within a harmonized and transparent framework  concluded Caroline PETIGNY  CSR and Communications Director at AFYREN.About AFYRENAFYREN is a French greentech company launched in 2012 to meet the challenge of decarbonizing industrial supplies. Its natural  innovative and proprietary fermentation technology valorizes local biomass from non-food agricultural co-products  replacing petro-sourced ingredients usually used in many product formulations. AFYREN's 100% biobased  low-carbon and sustainable solutions can meet decarbonization challenges in a wide variety of strategic sectors: human and animal nutrition  flavors and fragrances  life sciences and materials  and lubricants and technical fluids. AFYREN's plug-and-play  circular technology combines sustainability and competitiveness  with no need for manufacturers to change their processes.The Group's first French plant  AFYREN NEOXY  a joint venture with Bpifrance's SPI fund  is located in the Grand-Est region of France  in Saint Avold  serving mainly the European market.AFYREN is also pursuing a project in Thailand with a world leader in the sugar industry  and is developing its presence in the Americas  following up on distribution agreements it has already signed.At the end of 2023  AFYREN employed about 120 people in Lyon  Clermont-Ferrand and Carling Saint-Avold. The company invests 20% of its annual budget in R&D to further develop its sustainable solutions.AFYREN has been listed on the Euronext Growth ® exchange in Paris since 2021 (ISIN code: FR0014005AC9  mnemonic: ALAFY).Find out more: afyren.comView source version on businesswire.com: https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20240612659473/en/AFYRENCommunicationCaroline Petignycaroline.petigny@afyren.comInvestor RelationsMark Reinhardinvest@afyren.comNewCapInvestor RelationsThÃ©o Martin / Mathilde BohinTÃ©l : 01 44 71 94 94afyren@newcap.euNewCapMedia RelationsNicolas MerigeauTÃ©l : 01 44 71 94 98afyren@newcap.euInternational Media relationsBogert-Magnier CommunicationsJames Connell+33 6 2152 1755jim@bogert-magnier.comSource: AFYREN",neutral,0.03,0.96,0.01,positive,0.73,0.26,0.01,True,English,"['First Sustainability Report', 'CSR Vision', 'AFYREN', 'Commitments', 'Investing', 'new virtuous value chains', 'certified sustainable end products', 'regional renewable raw materials', '100% bio-based, low-carbon acid production', 'new bio-based substrates', 'entire value chain', 'unique fermentation technology', 'bio-based raw materials', 'high participation rate', 'bio-based, low-carbon ingredients', 'growing industrial player', 'double materiality analysis', 'zero industrial waste', 'Responsible Care ® award', 'first sustainability report', 'three CSR pillars', 'innovative recruitment program', 'Governance Reporting Standards', 'European CSRD directive', '3 production units', 'low-carbon, circular', 'low-carbon alternative', 'industrial development', 'life-cycle analysis', 'CSR criteria', 'three years', 'bio-based solutions', 'low-carbon process', 'extra-financial information', 'circular model', 'NetZero trajectory', 'BUSINESS WIRE', 'Regulatory News', 'dedicated section', 'social issues', 'progressive alignment', 'transparency efforts', 'essential pillar', 'business model', 'Nicolas SORDET', 'clear strategy', 'Pillar I', 'ambitious targets', 'food crops', 'fossil resources', 'carbon footprint', 'project management', 'medium term', 'organic farming', 'broad supply', 'energy supply', 'preventive actions', 'rapid growth', 'HR policy', 'close dialogue', 'HR barometer', 'best talents', 'organizational efficiency', 'significant representation', 'management positions', 'wide range', 'different sectors', 'MRS method', 'bioeconomy sector', '75 skilled i', 'sustainability advantage', 'responsible company', 'positive impact', 'proactive approach', 'Environmental, Social', 'safety culture', 'regenerative industry', 'greentech company', 'motivating environment', 'AFYREN', 'priority', 'terms', 'consumers', 'well-being', 'teams', 'workplace', 'CLERMONT-FERRAND', 'France', 'LYON', 'Paris', 'ALAFY', 'manufacturers', 'release', 'document', 'consultation', 'download', 'website', 'responsibility', 'initiatives', 'performance', 'area', 'line', 'objective', 'accordance', 'ESRS', 'activity', 'confidence', 'stakeholders', 'ambition', 'society', 'CEO', 'creation', 'raison', 'partners', 'innovation', 'Eco-design', 'heart', 'level', 'expectations', 'needs', 'customers', '70,000 tons', 'Operations', 'circularity', 'acids', 'residues', 'fertilizer', 'laboratory', 'biomass', '130,000 tons', 'CO2', 'Coworkers', 'relationship', 'concerns', 'context', 'workforce', 'Group', 'women', 'profiles', 'regions']",2024-06-13,2024-06-14,investing.com
42742,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/ATOS-SE-4612/news/Market-Update-46963142/,Market Update,(marketscreener.com) Press Release Market Update Paris  France – June 13  2024 – Further to its press release dated June 11  2024  Atos SE has engaged in discussions with stakeholders on the financial restructuring proposal submitted by the Onepoint consortiu…,"Press ReleaseMarket UpdateParis  France – June 13  2024 – Further to its press release dated June 11  2024  Atos SE (""Atos"" or the ""Company"") has engaged in discussions with stakeholders on the financial restructuring proposal submitted by the Onepoint consortium  composed of Onepoint  Butler Industries and Econocom  and a group of some of the Company’s financial creditors (the ""Restructuring Proposal"") as published by the Company on June 3  2024.1As part of these ongoing discussions  it has been considered in relation to the participation in the new money financing of a total amount of €1.5 billion in the form of secured debt contemplated by the Restructuring Proposal (the “New Secured Financings”)  as well as the €75 million new money financing in the form of equity allocated to bondholders of Atos (the “Equity Financings”) in accordance with the Restructuring Proposal  that:creditors under the €1.5 billion term loan A maturing in January 2025 (the "" Term Loan A "") and the €900 million revolving credit facility maturing in November 2025 (the "" RCF"" ) would be offered the opportunity to participate in the New Secured Financings exclusively in the form of bank-type loans and facilities (term loan  new revolving credit facility (RCF)  and/or receivables financing/factoring  as well as through new bank guarantee lines) on terms which remain to be determined  for a total amount of €750 million (of which €300 million guarantees);"") and the €900 million revolving credit facility maturing in November 2025 (the "" ) would be offered the opportunity to participate in the New Secured Financings exclusively in the form of bank-type loans and facilities (term loan  new revolving credit facility (RCF)  and/or receivables financing/factoring  as well as through new bank guarantee lines) on terms which remain to be determined  for a total amount of €750 million (of which €300 million guarantees); holders of bonds issued by Atos maturing in 2024  2025  2026  2028 and 2029 (the "" Bonds "") would be offered the possibility to participate in the New Secured Financings exclusively in the form of one or more bonds to be issued by Atos for a total amount of €750 million  subject to subscribing the pro rata of their participation in the Equity Financings - the main terms and conditions of which also remain to be determined;"") would be offered the possibility to participate in the New Secured Financings exclusively in the form of one or more bonds to be issued by Atos for a total amount of €750 million  subject to subscribing the pro rata of their participation in the Equity Financings - the main terms and conditions of which also remain to be determined; in any event  participation in the New Secured Financings and Equity Financings described above would be allocated among the various creditors wishing to participate pro rata to their holding of Bonds and/or the amount of debt held under the RCF and/or the Term Loan A on June 14  2024  after close of market (the ""Record Date""). Any transfer of Bonds or debt under the RCF and/or Term Loan A after the Record Date would not enable the transferee to participate in such financing in respect of the Bonds and/or debt so transferred.The Company will inform its creditors of the terms and conditions under which they may participate in the New Secured Financings  the Equity Financings and the timeframe according to which they may communicate their intention to participate.Besides  in a press release dated 29 April 2024  the Company indicated that it was in the process of securing an incremental interim financing for a total amount of €350 million  redeemable at the latest on the date of completion of its financial restructuring (the “Incremental Interim Financing”). The Restructuring Proposal contemplates a proposal for the Incremental Interim Financing.As part of this Restructuring Proposal  it was specified that participation in the Incremental Interim Financing would be open to:The Company's creditors under the RCF and Term Loan A  up to a maximum amount of €75 million; andHolders of Bonds for the remainder.Participation in the Incremental Interim Financing would be allocated among the creditors wishing to participate prorata to the amount of their claims under the RCF and/or the Term Loan A or  as the case may be  their holding of Bonds as at the Record Date.The Company invites creditors wishing to participate in the Incremental Interim Financing to liaise as soon as possible with either the Company or the advisors to the group of creditors that submitted the Restructuring Proposal in order to determine the precise terms and conditions of their participation.***DisclaimerThis document contains forward-looking statements that involve risks and uncertainties  including references  concerning the Group’s expected growth and profitability in the future which may significantly impact the expected performance indicated in the forward-looking statements. These risks and uncertainties are linked to factors out of the control of the Company and not precisely estimated  such as market conditions or competitors’ behaviors. Any forward-looking statements made in this document are statements about Atos’s beliefs and expectations and should be evaluated as such. Forward-looking statements include statements that may relate to Atos’s plans  objectives  strategies  goals  future events  future revenues or synergies  or performance  and other information that is not historical information. Actual events or results may differ from those described in this document due to a number of risks and uncertainties that are described within the 2023 Universal Registration Document filed with the Autorité des Marchés Financiers (AMF) on May 24  2024 under the registration number D.24-0429. Atos does not undertake  and specifically disclaims  any obligation or responsibility to update or amend any of the information above except as otherwise required by law. This document does not contain or constitute an offer of Atos’s shares for sale or an invitation or inducement to invest in Atos’s shares in France  the United States of America or any other jurisdiction.This document includes information on specific transactions that shall be considered as projects only. In particular  any decision relating to the information or projects mentioned in this document and their terms and conditions will only be made after the ongoing in-depth analysis considering tax  legal  operational  finance  HR and all other relevant aspects have been completed and will be subject to general market conditions and other customary conditions  including governance bodies and shareholders’ approval as well as appropriate processes with the relevant employee representative bodies in accordance with applicable laws.About AtosAtos is a global leader in digital transformation with c. 94 000 employees and annual revenue of c. € 11 billion. European number one in cybersecurity  cloud and high-performance computing  the Group provides tailored end-to-end solutions for all industries in 69 countries. A pioneer in decarbonization services and products  Atos is committed to a secure and decarbonized digital for its clients. Atos is a SE (Societas Europaea)  and listed on Euronext Paris.The purpose of Atos is to help design the future of the information space. Its expertise and services support the development of knowledge  education and research in a multicultural approach and contribute to the development of scientific and technological excellence. Across the world  the Group enables its customers and employees  and members of societies at large to live  work and develop sustainably  in a safe and secure information space.ContactsInvestor relations: David Pierre-Kahn | investors@atos.net | +33 6 28 51 45 96Individual shareholders: 0805 65 00 75Press contact: globalprteam@atos.net1 The restructuring proposal of the Onepoint Consortium  composed of Onepoint  Butler Industries and Econocom  and a group of some of the Company’s financial creditors is available at the following link: https://atos.net/en/investorsAttachment",neutral,0.07,0.92,0.02,negative,0.01,0.24,0.75,True,English,"['Market Update', 'new revolving credit facility', 'new bank guarantee lines', '€900 million revolving credit facility', '€75 million new money financing', 'New Secured Financings', 'incremental interim financing', '€1.5 billion term loan', 'Term Loan A', 'financial restructuring proposal', 'The Restructuring Proposal', '€300 million guarantees', 'receivables financing', 'Equity Financings', 'Press Release', 'Butler Industries', 'bank-type loans', 'pro rata', 'forward-looking statements', 'expected growth', 'expected performance', 'total amount', 'maximum amount', 'Record Date', 'financial creditors', 'Market Update', 'Onepoint consortium', 'ongoing discussions', 'main terms', 'precise terms', 'various creditors', 'The Company', 'Atos SE', 'Paris', 'France', 'June', 'stakeholders', 'Econocom', 'group', 'part', 'relation', 'debt', 'bondholders', 'accordance', 'January', 'November', 'RCF', 'opportunity', 'facilities', 'factoring', 'bonds', 'possibility', 'conditions', 'event', 'holding', 'close', 'transfer', 'respect', 'timeframe', 'intention', 'process', 'completion', 'remainder', 'prorata', 'claims', 'case', 'advisors', 'order', 'Disclaimer', 'document', 'risks', 'uncertainties', 'references', 'profitability', 'future', 'factors', 'control']",2024-06-13,2024-06-14,marketscreener.com
42743,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/PLANISWARE-159962987/news/Planisware-publishes-its-first-Extra-Financial-Performance-Statement-46963132/,Planisware publishes its first Extra-Financial Performance Statement,(marketscreener.com) Planisware publishes its firstExtra-Financial Performance Statement Paris  France  June 13  2024 – Planisware  a leading B2B SaaS software provider in the fast-growing Project Economy sector  announces the publication of its first Extra-F…,Planisware publishes its firstExtra-Financial Performance StatementParis  France  June 13  2024 – Planisware  a leading B2B SaaS software provider in the fast-growing Project Economy sector  announces the publication of its first Extra-Financial Performance Statement (EFPS) related to 2023 to report on the concrete actions in term of Corporate Social Responsibility (CSR) deployed by the entire Group. Such transparency allows everyone the ability to measure the Group's commitment to social and environmental issues  as well as its progress.Loïc Sautour  CEO of Planisware  commented: “I am proud to announce the publication of our first Extra-Financial Performance Statement. This publication underlines our commitment with regards to CSR maters. At Planisware  we believe that transparency and accountability are essential to building a relationship of trust with our investors  customers and all our stakeholders. This report reflects our efforts and progress in creating innovative software solutions while promoting sustainable and ethical practices. We pledge to continue down this path  to innovate with integrity and to contribute positively to our planet and our communities.”In 2023  Planisware continued to execute its ambitious roadmap in terms of environmental  social and governance issues (ESG). In the future  Planisware plans to strengthen its CSR strategy and is notably already anticipating its upcoming transition to CSRD  a new non-financial reporting system  further improving its transparency in terms of CSR.EnvironmentPlanisware's continued growth and its use of digital infrastructure have led it to think about ways to maintain a limited impact on the environment  which is expressed in particular through controlling its carbon footprint. In this context  the Group conducted  for the second year in a row  an assessment of its carbon footprint  according to the recognized methodology of the GHG Protocol on scopes 1  2 and 3.The total 2023 CO2eq emissions reported by Planisware (7 392 tonnes of CO2eq) show a relative decrease  both per employee (-6%) and per million euros of revenue (-2%).This positive momentum demonstrates that the actions implemented by the Group are effective and are helping to reduce the intensity of the Group's greenhouse gas emissions. These results rely on the action plans to control the carbon footprint targeting in the particular the following fields:Energy Efficiency of BuildingsData Center ConsumptionTravel PolicyInternal events organisationCommutingService PerformanceExtend the life of consumables and equipmentEmployee Awareness & EngagementIn addition to controlling and limiting the Group's carbon footprint  Planisware implements action plans to maintain a limited overall environmental impact in dimension such as waste recycling and circular economy or a set of actions upstream in the value chain.Furthermore  Planisware has chosen to place responsible purchasing at the heart of its corporate strategy. To include social and environmental issues in its purchasing concerns and decisions  the Group applies its responsible purchasing policy. Its ambition is to establish clear purchasing procedures and instructions for subcontractors and employees to guarantee ethics and respect for human rights upstream of its value chain.Looking forward  Planisware plans to develop a decarbonization strategy to be submitted to the independent and recognized Science Based Target initiative (SBTi) organization and a response to the rating agency Carbon Disclosure Project (CDP). This dual commitment reflects the importance of environmental issues in the Group's strategy.Planisware has also chosen to strengthen the theme of responsible purchasing  in particular through the signing the Sustainable Development Charter for Planisware's Suppliers and through training for the Group's buyers scheduled for 2024.SocialOne of the keys to Planisware's success lies in its human resources management. As such  the Group considers the attractiveness and retention of talent as a major priority with the conviction that maintaining a pleasant and warm working environment  capable of allowing the expression of everyone's full potential  and where its employees are valued at their true value  is key to attracting and retaining talent.Action plans set in that field are focused on:A strategic approach to recruitmentHighlighting the Employee Value PropositionCareer DevelopmentJob SatisfactionManagement by example with exemplary behavioursWork-Life BalanceAmong its 2023 achievements  Planisware has once again been awarded the “Best Workplaces in Tech 2023” label in France  with a score of 81%  which corresponds to the average score of the best French companies in this category  provided by Great Place to Work®.Looking forward  in addition to maintaining a low attrition rate (12% in 2023) and an attraction rate aligned with the Group ‘s needs  Planisware intends to Maintain a Trust Index® that is high  higher than or at least equal to the benchmark provided by the Great Place to Work® Institute  and to maintain the lowest possible frequency and severity rates of occupational accidents.GovernanceLike any software publisher  Planisware is required to host and process vast amounts of data  both its own and that of its customers. The use of the Cloud and third-party solutions  as well as the ever-increasing and sophistication of threats  have led the Group to consider information security and data privacy as a priority. With a strong track record in this area since 1995  the company has always put the security of its system and IT infrastructure at the center of its concerns. This is even more important for Planisware as it represents its constant commitment to providing its customers with a high-quality and resilient service  in all circumstances. To protect its systems from malicious attacks  Planisware implements its general information systems security policy based on the ISO 27001  ISO 27002 and SOC2 standards and deploys a set of comprehensive and demanding action plans.Planisware is committed to allocating sufficient budgetary and human resources to guarantee the security of its information systems. The Group's security budget is regularly updated as well as the human resources concerned and their skills in this area. It will be measured in the future with the ISO 27001 certification maintained  the number of personal data breaches maintained nil  and reach/maintain of 100% of employees trained in cybersecurity  100% of data centers hosting the Group's servers qualified as resilient  and 100% of customer data backed up to passive data centers.Upcoming eventsJuly 30  2024: H1 results publicationOctober 23  2024: Q3 revenue publicationContactInvestor Relations Media Benoit d’Amécourt Brunswick GroupHugues Boëton / Tristan Roquet Montégon benoit.damecourt@planisware.com planisware@brunswickgroup.com +33 6 75 51 41 47 +33 6 79 99 27 15 / +33 6 37 00 52 57About PlaniswarePlanisware is a leading business-to-business (“B2B”) provider of Software-as-a-Service (“SaaS”) in the rapidly growing Project Economy. Planisware’s mission is to provide solutions that help organizations transform how they strategize  plan  and deliver their projects  project portfolios  programs  and products.With close to 700 employees across 14 offices  Planisware operates at a significant scale  serving around 545 organizational clients in a wide range of verticals and functions in more than 30 countries worldwide. Planisware’s clients include large international companies  medium-sized businesses  and public-sector entities.Planisware is listed on the regulated market of Euronext Paris (Compartment A  ISIN code FR001400PFU4  ticker symbol “PLNW”). For more information  visit: https://planisware.com/Connect with Planisware on: LinkedIn and X (formerly Twitter).Attachment,neutral,0.02,0.97,0.01,positive,0.69,0.29,0.01,True,English,"['first Extra-Financial Performance Statement', 'Planisware', 'leading B2B SaaS software provider', 'Data Center Consumption Travel Policy', 'recognized Science Based Target initiative', 'new non-financial reporting system', 'growing Project Economy sector', 'first Extra-Financial Performance Statement', 'limited overall environmental impact', 'innovative software solutions', 'Commuting Service Performance', 'Loïc Sautour', 'greenhouse gas emissions', 'Internal events organisation', 'Job Satisfaction Management', 'Carbon Disclosure Project', 'responsible purchasing policy', 'human resources management', 'best French companies', 'low attrition rate', 'clear purchasing procedures', 'total 2023 CO2eq emissions', 'warm working environment', 'carbon footprint targeting', 'Sustainable Development Charter', 'Employee Value Proposition', 'Corporate Social Responsibility', 'limited impact', 'recognized methodology', 'circular economy', 'environmental issues', 'human rights', 'Career Development', 'Best Workplaces', 'attraction rate', 'purchasing concerns', 'value chain', 'corporate strategy', 'true value', 'ethical practices', 'ambitious roadmap', 'governance issues', 'upcoming transition', 'continued growth', 'digital infrastructure', 'second year', 'GHG Protocol', 'relative decrease', 'million euros', 'positive momentum', 'action plans', 'following fields', 'Energy Efficiency', 'Employee Awareness', 'waste recycling', 'SBTi) organization', 'rating agency', 'major priority', 'full potential', 'strategic approach', 'exemplary behaviours', 'Work-Life Balance', 'Tech 2023” label', 'Great Place', 'decarbonization strategy', 'CSR maters', 'average score', 'Trust Index®', 'concrete actions', 'Such transparency', 'dual commitment', 'CSR strategy', 'entire Group', 'Planisware', 'Paris', 'France', 'June', 'publication', 'EFPS', 'term', 'everyone', 'ability', 'progress', 'CEO', 'regards', 'relationship', 'investors', 'customers', 'stakeholders', 'efforts', 'path', 'integrity', 'planet', 'communities', 'ESG', 'future', 'CSRD', 'ways', 'context', 'assessment', 'scopes', '392 tonnes', 'revenue', 'intensity', 'results', 'Buildings', 'consumables', 'equipment', 'Engagement', 'addition', 'dimension', 'set', 'heart', 'decisions', 'ambition', 'instructions', 'subcontractors', 'employees', 'ethics', 'respect', 'independent', 'response', 'CDP', 'importance', 'theme', 'signing', 'Suppliers', 'training', 'buyers', 'keys', 'success', 'attractiveness', 'retention', 'talent', 'conviction', 'pleasant', 'expression', 'recruitment', 'example', '2023 achievements', 'category', 'needs', 'benchmark']",2024-06-13,2024-06-14,marketscreener.com
42744,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/ALKEMY-S-P-A-38934442/news/Alkemy-S-p-A-13-06-2024-Notice-pursuant-to-Article-41-Paragraph-2-Letter-c-of-Issuers-Re-46969494/,Alkemy S p A : 13.06.2024 – Notice pursuant to Article 41  Paragraph 2  Letter c) of Issuers' Regulation,(marketscreener.com)   THE DISSEMINATION  PUBLICATION OR DISTRIBUTION OF THIS COMMUNICATION IS PROHIBITED IN ANY JURISDICTION WHERE THE SAME WOULD CONSTITUTE A VIOLATION OF THE RELEVANT APPLICABLE LEGISLATION   Notice pursuant to Article 41  paragraph 2 …,"THE DISSEMINATION  PUBLICATION OR DISTRIBUTION OF THIS COMMUNICATION IS PROHIBITED IN ANY JURISDICTION WHERE THE SAME WOULD CONSTITUTE A VIOLATION OF THE RELEVANT APPLICABLE LEGISLATIONNotice pursuant to Article 41  paragraph 2  letter c)  of the Regulations adopted by CONSOB Resolution No. 11971 of May 14  1999 (""Issuers' Regulations"")Milan  June 13th  2024 - With reference to the voluntary tender offer concerning all the shares of Alkemy S.p.A. (""Alkemy"" or ""Issuer"") communicated on June 3  2024 by Retex S.p.A. - Benefit Company pursuant to Article 102  paragraph 1  of Legislative Decree of February 24  1998  no. 58 (""TUF"")  notice is hereby given that on today's date the following sale transactions involving Alkemy shares  which are subject to notification requirements pursuant to Article 41 paragraph 2  letter c)  of the Issuers' Regulations  were executed by Alessandro Mattiacci  Chairman of the Board of Directors of Alkemy:Date of Modalities of the Type of Unit purchase/sale Interested Party Amount of shares price transaction transaction transaction (Euro) Alessandro 13/06/2024 Euronext STAR Milan Sale 17 000 12.20 MattiacciTransactions were carried out through Credem Euromobiliare Private Banking.It should be noted that the transactions mentioned herein were carried out at a unit price per share of the Issuer of Euro 12.20.*** * ***This communication does not constitute nor is it intended to constitute an offer  invitation or solicitation to buy or otherwise acquire  subscribe for  sell or otherwise dispose of financial instruments  and no sale  issuance or transfer of financial instruments of Alkemy S.p.A. will be made in any country in violation of the regulations applicable therein. The Offer is made by means of the publication of the offer document approved by CONSOB. The offer document contains a full description of the terms and conditions of the Offer  including the terms and conditions of acceptance.The publication or dissemination of this communication in countries other than Italy may be subject to restrictions under applicable law  and therefore any person subject to the laws of any country other thanAlkemy S.p.A. Via San Gregorio 34  20124 Milano Via Guarino Guarini 4  10123 Torino Sede legale  operativa e amministrativa Lungotevere dei Mellini 44  00193 Roma C.F. e P.I. 05619950966 Reg. delle imprese di Milano Via Dexart 18  09126 Cagliari Cap. Soc. 595.534 32 euro i.v. Via Pedro Alvares Cabrai 16  87036 Rende info@alkemy.com www.alkemy.com1",neutral,0.01,0.98,0.01,negative,0.02,0.35,0.63,True,English,"['Alkemy S', ""Issuers' Regulation"", 'Notice', 'Article 41', 'Paragraph', 'Letter', 'shares price transaction transaction transaction', 'Credem Euromobiliare Private Banking', 'Retex S.p.A.', 'Via Pedro Alvares Cabrai', 'sale Interested Party Amount', 'Alkemy S.p.A.', 'Euronext STAR Milan Sale', 'Via San Gregorio', 'Via Guarino Guarini', 'amministrativa Lungotevere dei', 'Roma C.F.', 'RELEVANT APPLICABLE LEGISLATION', 'voluntary tender offer', 'P.I.', 'unit price', 'Via Dexart', 'Alkemy shares', 'applicable law', 'Benefit Company', 'Legislative Decree', 'notification requirements', 'Unit purchase', 'financial instruments', 'full description', '10123 Torino Sede', 'Cap. Soc.', 'offer document', 'CONSOB Resolution', ""Issuers' Regulations"", 'June 13th', 'Alessandro Mattiacci', 'Mattiacci Transactions', 'PUBLICATION', 'DISTRIBUTION', 'COMMUNICATION', 'JURISDICTION', 'SAME', 'VIOLATION', 'THE', 'Notice', 'Article 41', 'paragraph', 'letter', 'May', 'reference', 'February', 'TUF', 'today', 'date', 'Chairman', 'Board', 'Directors', 'Modalities', 'Type', 'invitation', 'solicitation', 'issuance', 'transfer', 'country', 'means', 'terms', 'conditions', 'acceptance', 'dissemination', 'countries', 'Italy', 'restrictions', 'person', 'laws', '20124 Milano', 'operativa', 'Mellini', 'Reg.', 'imprese', '09126 Cagliari', 'Rende']",2024-06-13,2024-06-14,marketscreener.com
42745,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/MAUNA-KEA-TECHNOLOGIES-8296092/news/Mauna-Kea-Technologies-Reports-New-Evidence-Highly-Supportive-of-the-Use-of-Cellvizio-for-Diagnosing-46968661/,Mauna Kea Technologies Reports New Evidence Highly Supportive of the Use of Cellvizio for Diagnosing Pancreatic Cysts Presented at DDW 2024,(marketscreener.com) Pancreatic cancer remains difficult to diagnose accurately using conventional methods often leading to late-stage diagnoses or unnecessary surgeriesNew publications confirm once more Cellvizio’s far superior ability to accurately clas…,"Pancreatic cancer remains difficult to diagnose accurately using conventional methods often leading to late-stage diagnoses or unnecessary surgeries New publications confirm once more Cellvizio’s far superior ability to accurately classify the risk of pancreatic cystic lesions with 98% sensitivity and accuracy  surpassing conventional methodsRegulatory News:Mauna Kea Technologies (Euronext Growth: ALMKT)  inventor of Cellvizio®  the multidisciplinary probe and needle-based confocal laser endomicroscopy (p/nCLE) platform  today announces a new body of evidence supporting the use of Cellvizio® for the classification and risk stratification of pancreatic cystic lesions (PCLs)  presented at the Digestive Disease Week® (DDW) 2024 Conference held in Washington  DC.Conventional diagnostic testing of PCLs which involves performing an endoscopic ultrasound (EUS) and then collecting and testing the cyst fluid through fine needle aspiration (FNA) is considered as suboptimal at accurately diagnosing and risk stratifying PCLs. Cellvizio® can be added to EUS as an adjunct via the existing FNA needle (“EUS-nCLE”)  providing real-time imaging of the cyst characteristics and aiding in appropriately gauging the potential risk posed by the cyst prior to any surgical intervention.In one publication1 pooling two separate studies with a combined sample size of 420 patients  the sensitivity and diagnostic accuracy of EUS-nCLE for classifying mucinous vs. non-mucinous PCLs was 98% and 97%  respectively  compared to 74% and 81% for fluid analysis (CEA) + cytology  77% and 80% for CEA + cytology + glucose  and 76% and 86% for next generation sequencing (NGS)  respectively. This sharp positive increase in sensitivity and accuracy with Cellvizio (EUS-nCLE) would translate to a marked reduction in late-stage diagnoses of advanced pancreatic cancer and unnecessary surgeries on benign or low-grade lesions  totaling as many as 2 000 unnecessary surgeries per year in the United States2.In a second publication3 evaluating data from 65 patients enrolled in a multi-year study  EUS-nCLE demonstrated high accuracy in preoperatively predicting dysplasia in branch duct intraductal papillary mucinous neoplasms (BD-IPMNs)  with high interobserver agreement of 0.711.A third publication4  using the same patient data  concluded that improved preoperative accuracy can be achieved by incorporating nCLE in the preoperative risk stratification of BD-IPMNs  improving the decision criteria for evaluating a patient’s candidacy for surgery  and ultimately improving patient management.""The combination of these publications and presentations from DDW underscore  once again  the critical role Cellvizio can play as a key adjunct to the tools physicians use to diagnose and manage pancreatic cysts ” said Sacha Loiseau  Ph.D.  Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of Mauna Kea Technologies. “Pancreatic cancer remains one of the more elusive cancers  often termed the ‘silent killer’ because of its lack of symptoms and discovery by incidental imaging. Obtaining an accurate diagnosis is critical to ensure only patients who need surgery receive it  and to ensure the correct risk stratification of malignant cysts. This new corpus of data confirms that there is no combination of techniques which is superior to direct microscopic observation of the pancreatic cystic lesion in real time with Cellvizio. We are confident that with all the confirmatory positive data and the growing support from many experts around the world  nCLE with Cellvizio is fast approaching its prime time and the status of standard of care  thus creating a very significant market opportunity for Mauna Kea.About Pancreatic CystsThe prevalence of pancreatic cystic lesions in the adult asymptomatic population ranges from 2.4% to 24.3%5. With the large majority of pancreatic cystic lesions being discovered through incidental imaging and an estimated 40% of surgeries being performed unnecessarily on benign or low-grade dysplasia lesion patients  there is a need for more accurate classification methods  including risk stratification  earlier in the patient’s diagnostic workup. Conventional diagnostic testing involves performing an endoscopic ultrasound (EUS) and then collecting and testing the cyst fluid through fine needle aspiration (FNA). In some advanced facilities  next generation sequencing (NGS) may be performed to provide additional data. The gold standard remains resection of suspicious tissue  often introducing complications such as chronic pancreatitis  even if the cyst is benign. Although most facilities employ a combination of a range of conventional diagnostic methods  sensitivity  specificity  and accuracy remain critically low  potentially exposing patients to unneeded surgical procedures.About Digestive Disease Week®Digestive Disease Week® (DDW) is the largest international gathering of physicians  researchers and academics in the fields of gastroenterology  hepatology  endoscopy and gastrointestinal surgery. Jointly sponsored by the American Association for the Study of Liver Diseases (AASLD)  the American Gastroenterological Association (AGA)  the American Society for Gastrointestinal Endoscopy (ASGE) and the Society for Surgery of the Alimentary Tract (SSAT)  DDW is an in-person and online meeting from May 18-21  2024. The meeting showcases more than 5 600 abstracts and hundreds of lectures on the latest advances in GI research  medicine and technology. More information can be found at www.ddw.org.About Mauna Kea TechnologiesMauna Kea Technologies is a global medical device company that manufactures and sells Cellvizio®  the real-time in vivo cellular imaging platform. This technology uniquely delivers in vivo cellular visualization which enables physicians to monitor the progression of disease over time  assess point-in-time reactions as they happen in real time  classify indeterminate areas of concern  and guide surgical interventions. The Cellvizio® platform is used globally across a wide range of medical specialties and is making a transformative change in the way physicians diagnose and treat patients. For more information  visit www.maunakeatech.com.DisclaimerThis press release contains forward-looking statements about Mauna Kea Technologies and its business. All statements other than statements of historical fact included in this press release  including  but not limited to  statements regarding Mauna Kea Technologies' financial condition  business  strategies  plans and objectives for future operations are forward-looking statements. Mauna Kea Technologies believes that these forward-looking statements are based on reasonable assumptions. However  no assurance can be given that the expectations expressed in these forward-looking statements will be achieved. These forward-looking statements are subject to numerous risks and uncertainties  including those described in Chapter 2 of Mauna Kea Technologies' 2023 Annual Report filed with the Autorité des marchés financiers (AMF) on April 30  2024  which is available on the Company's website (www.maunakeatech.fr)  as well as the risks associated with changes in economic conditions  financial markets and the markets in which Mauna Kea Technologies operates. The forward-looking statements contained in this press release are also subject to risks that are unknown to Mauna Kea Technologies or that Mauna Kea Technologies does not currently consider material. The occurrence of some or all of these risks could cause the actual results  financial condition  performance or achievements of Mauna Kea Technologies to differ materially from those expressed in the forward-looking statements. This press release and the information contained herein do not constitute an offer to sell or subscribe for  or the solicitation of an order to buy or subscribe for  shares of Mauna Kea Technologies in any jurisdiction in which such offer  solicitation or sale would be unlawful prior to registration or qualification under the securities laws of any such jurisdiction. The distribution of this press release may be restricted in certain jurisdictions by local law. Persons into whose possession this document comes are required to comply with all local regulations applicable to this document.1 ""Accuracy of real-time EUS-guided confocal laser endomicroscopy interpretation for discerning specific types of pancreatic cystic lesions: Insights from a multicenter prospective study”2 “Cost-effectiveness of consensus guideline based management of pancreatic cysts: The sensitivity and specificity required for guidelines to be cost-effective”3 ""Improving pre-surgical risk stratification through EUS confocal endomicroscopy: Insights from an interobserver agreement study among pancreaticobiliary pathologists in the classification of dysplasia for IPMNs”4 ""Pre-operative risk stratification of IPMNs using Fukuoka guidelines and confocal endomicroscopy imaging”5 “State-of-the-Art Update of Pancreatic Cysts”View source version on businesswire.com: https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20240613291581/en/",neutral,0.03,0.97,0.01,mixed,0.19,0.32,0.5,True,English,"['Mauna Kea Technologies', 'New Evidence', 'Pancreatic Cysts', 'Use', 'Cellvizio', 'Diagnosing', 'DDW', 'branch duct intraductal papillary mucinous neoplasms', 'needle-based confocal laser endomicroscopy', 'low-grade dysplasia lesion patients', 'pancreatic cystic lesion', 'Digestive Disease Week®', 'fine needle aspiration', 'two separate studies', 'next generation sequencing', 'sharp positive increase', 'Chief Executive Officer', 'direct microscopic observation', 'significant market opportunity', 'adult asymptomatic population', 'largest international gathering', 'high interobserver agreement', 'unneeded surgical procedures', 'Mauna Kea Technologies', 'Conventional diagnostic testing', 'confirmatory positive data', 'conventional diagnostic methods', 'existing FNA needle', 'advanced pancreatic cancer', 'correct risk stratification', 'accurate classification methods', 'same patient data', 'preoperative risk stratification', 'low-grade lesions', 'conventional methods', 'pancreatic cysts', 'diagnostic workup', 'surgical intervention', 'accurate diagnosis', 'advanced facilities', 'diagnostic accuracy', 'late-stage diagnoses', 'superior ability', 'Regulatory News', 'Euronext Growth', 'multidisciplinary probe', 'new body', 'endoscopic ultrasound', 'real-time imaging', 'one publication1', 'sample size', 'fluid analysis', 'marked reduction', 'United States', 'second publication3', 'high accuracy', 'third publication', 'preoperative accuracy', 'decision criteria', 'critical role', 'Sacha Loiseau', 'Ph.D.', 'elusive cancers', 'incidental imaging', 'malignant cysts', 'new corpus', 'real time', 'growing support', 'prime time', 'large majority', 'additional data', 'suspicious tissue', 'chronic pancreatitis', 'most facilities', 'American Association', 'Liver Diseases', 'potential risk', 'unnecessary surgeries', 'patient management', 'cyst fluid', 'cyst characteristics', 'New publications', 'multi-year study', 'key adjunct', 'many experts', 'gold standard', 'DDW) 2024 Conference', 'gastrointestinal surgery', 'non-mucinous PCLs', '420 patients', '65 patients', 'Cellvizio', '98% sensitivity', 'ALMKT', 'inventor', 'nCLE', 'platform', 'evidence', 'use', 'Washington', 'DC', 'EUS', 'CEA', 'cytology', 'glucose', 'NGS', 'benign', 'BD-IPMNs', 'candidacy', 'combination', 'presentations', 'tools', 'physicians', 'Chairman', 'lack', 'symptoms', 'discovery', 'techniques', 'world', 'status', 'care', 'prevalence', 'resection', 'complications', 'range', 'specificity', 'researchers', 'academics', 'fields', 'gastroenterology', 'hepatology', 'endoscopy', 'AA', '97', '74']",2024-06-13,2024-06-14,marketscreener.com
42746,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.etfdailynews.com/2024/06/13/public-storage-nysepsa-shares-bought-by-heitman-real-estate-securities-llc/,Public Storage (NYSE:PSA) Shares Bought by Heitman Real Estate Securities LLC,Heitman Real Estate Securities LLC grew its position in Public Storage (NYSE:PSA – Free Report) by 11.6% in the fourth quarter  according to the company in its most recent Form 13F filing with the Securities & Exchange Commission. The institutional investor o…,Heitman Real Estate Securities LLC grew its position in Public Storage (NYSE:PSA – Free Report) by 11.6% in the fourth quarter  according to the company in its most recent Form 13F filing with the Securities & Exchange Commission. The institutional investor owned 138 687 shares of the real estate investment trust’s stock after buying an additional 14 457 shares during the quarter. Public Storage accounts for approximately 2.3% of Heitman Real Estate Securities LLC’s holdings  making the stock its 21st biggest holding. Heitman Real Estate Securities LLC’s holdings in Public Storage were worth $42 300 000 at the end of the most recent quarter.Several other hedge funds and other institutional investors have also made changes to their positions in PSA. Integrated Wealth Concepts LLC increased its holdings in Public Storage by 16.1% during the 3rd quarter. Integrated Wealth Concepts LLC now owns 9 741 shares of the real estate investment trust’s stock valued at $2 567 000 after acquiring an additional 1 349 shares in the last quarter. The Manufacturers Life Insurance Company increased its stake in shares of Public Storage by 8.0% during the 3rd quarter. The Manufacturers Life Insurance Company now owns 123 852 shares of the real estate investment trust’s stock worth $32 638 000 after purchasing an additional 9 223 shares in the last quarter. Gold Investment Management Ltd. acquired a new position in shares of Public Storage during the 4th quarter worth approximately $849 000. Raymond James & Associates lifted its stake in Public Storage by 4.3% in the 4th quarter. Raymond James & Associates now owns 114 482 shares of the real estate investment trust’s stock valued at $34 917 000 after buying an additional 4 695 shares in the last quarter. Finally  Ellsworth Advisors LLC grew its holdings in Public Storage by 615.7% during the 4th quarter. Ellsworth Advisors LLC now owns 19 803 shares of the real estate investment trust’s stock valued at $6 040 000 after buying an additional 17 036 shares during the last quarter. Institutional investors and hedge funds own 78.79% of the company’s stock.Get Public Storage alerts:Wall Street Analysts Forecast GrowthSeveral analysts have recently issued reports on the company. Scotiabank upped their price objective on Public Storage from $267.00 to $270.00 and gave the company a “sector perform” rating in a research report on Monday  March 18th. Wells Fargo & Company raised shares of Public Storage from an “equal weight” rating to an “overweight” rating and upped their price objective for the company from $280.00 to $310.00 in a research note on Friday  April 5th. BMO Capital Markets boosted their price target on Public Storage from $325.00 to $330.00 and gave the company an “outperform” rating in a report on Tuesday  March 19th. Raymond James upgraded Public Storage from a “market perform” rating to a “strong-buy” rating and set a $330.00 price objective on the stock in a report on Thursday  March 28th. Finally  Barclays dropped their target price on Public Storage from $330.00 to $327.00 and set an “overweight” rating for the company in a research note on Monday  May 20th. One research analyst has rated the stock with a sell rating  four have assigned a hold rating  six have given a buy rating and one has given a strong buy rating to the company’s stock. According to MarketBeat  the company has a consensus rating of “Moderate Buy” and an average price target of $304.75.Public Storage Trading Up 0.4 %Shares of PSA opened at $275.78 on Thursday. Public Storage has a twelve month low of $233.18 and a twelve month high of $312.25. The firm has a market capitalization of $48.46 billion  a P/E ratio of 25.05  a price-to-earnings-growth ratio of 3.83 and a beta of 0.63. The company has a current ratio of 0.54  a quick ratio of 0.54 and a debt-to-equity ratio of 1.59. The stock’s fifty day simple moving average is $272.54 and its 200 day simple moving average is $281.04.Public Storage Announces DividendThe company also recently disclosed a quarterly dividend  which will be paid on Thursday  June 27th. Stockholders of record on Wednesday  June 12th will be issued a $3.00 dividend. The ex-dividend date of this dividend is Wednesday  June 12th. This represents a $12.00 dividend on an annualized basis and a dividend yield of 4.35%. Public Storage’s dividend payout ratio (DPR) is 108.99%.Insider ActivityIn other news  insider Nathaniel A. Vitan sold 400 shares of the business’s stock in a transaction dated Monday  June 10th. The stock was sold at an average price of $274.29  for a total transaction of $109 716.00. Following the completion of the sale  the insider now owns 3 214 shares in the company  valued at approximately $881 568.06. The sale was disclosed in a document filed with the Securities & Exchange Commission  which can be accessed through the SEC website. In related news  insider Nathaniel A. Vitan sold 400 shares of Public Storage stock in a transaction on Monday  June 10th. The shares were sold at an average price of $274.29  for a total transaction of $109 716.00. Following the transaction  the insider now owns 3 214 shares in the company  valued at approximately $881 568.06. The transaction was disclosed in a document filed with the Securities & Exchange Commission  which is accessible through this hyperlink. Also  Director Kristy Pipes purchased 2 149 shares of the stock in a transaction that occurred on Tuesday  May 14th. The stock was bought at an average price of $278.96 per share  with a total value of $599 485.04. Following the completion of the acquisition  the director now owns 2 149 shares in the company  valued at approximately $599 485.04. The disclosure for this purchase can be found here. Corporate insiders own 11.10% of the company’s stock.About Public Storage(Free Report)Public Storage  a member of the S&P 500 and FT Global 500  is a REIT that primarily acquires  develops  owns  and operates self-storage facilities. At December 31  2023  we had: (i) interests in 3 044 self-storage facilities located in 40 states with approximately 218 million net rentable square feet in the United States and (ii) a 35% common equity interest in Shurgard Self Storage Limited (Euronext Brussels: SHUR)  which owned 275 self-storage facilities located in seven Western European nations with approximately 15 million net rentable square feet operated under the Shurgard brand.See AlsoWant to see what other hedge funds are holding PSA? Visit HoldingsChannel.com to get the latest 13F filings and insider trades for Public Storage (NYSE:PSA – Free Report).Receive News & Ratings for Public Storage Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Public Storage and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.,neutral,0.01,0.98,0.0,neutral,0.03,0.94,0.03,True,English,"['Heitman Real Estate Securities LLC', 'Public Storage', 'NYSE', 'PSA', 'Shares', 'Wall Street Analysts Forecast Growth', 'fifty day simple moving average', 'The Manufacturers Life Insurance Company', 'Heitman Real Estate Securities LLC', 'real estate investment trust', '200 day simple moving average', 'Integrated Wealth Concepts LLC', 'Gold Investment Management Ltd.', 'recent Form 13F filing', 'insider Nathaniel A. Vitan', 'Several other hedge funds', 'Ellsworth Advisors LLC', '21st biggest holding', 'BMO Capital Markets', 'One research analyst', 'equal weight” rating', 'twelve month low', 'other institutional investors', 'average price target', 'strong buy rating', 'Public Storage alerts', 'Public Storage Announces', 'market perform” rating', 'dividend payout ratio', 'Several analysts', 'Public Storage stock', 'other news', 'recent quarter', 'sector perform', 'market capitalization', 'target price', 'Moderate Buy', 'research note', 'overweight” rating', 'outperform” rating', 'strong-buy” rating', 'sell rating', 'hold rating', 'consensus rating', 'P/E ratio', 'earnings-growth ratio', 'current ratio', 'quick ratio', 'equity ratio', 'Exchange Commission', 'Raymond James', 'price objective', 'Wells Fargo', 'May 20th', 'ex-dividend date', 'annualized basis', 'Insider Activity', 'SEC website', 'related news', 'fourth quarter', '3rd quarter', 'last quarter', '4th quarter', 'research report', 'quarterly dividend', 'dividend yield', 'Free Report', 'new position', 'June 27th', 'June 12th', 'total transaction', 'NYSE:PSA', 'additional 14,457 shares', 'additional 1,349 shares', 'additional 9,223 shares', 'additional 4,695 shares', 'additional 17,036 shares', '$3.00 dividend', '$12.00 dividend', 'PSA.', '138,687 shares', '9,741 shares', '123,852 shares', '114,482 shares', '19,803 shares', '400 shares', '3,214 shares', 'holdings', 'changes', 'positions', 'stake', 'Associates', 'reports', 'Scotiabank', 'Monday', 'March', 'Friday', 'April', 'Tuesday', 'Thursday', 'Barclays', 'MarketBeat', 'firm', 'beta', 'debt', 'Stockholders', 'record', 'Wednesday', 'DPR', 'business', 'completion', 'sale', 'document', '0.']",2024-06-13,2024-06-14,etfdailynews.com
42747,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2024/06/13/2898004/0/en/Rendesco-raises-6-million-to-replace-gas-grids-with-low-carbon-heat.html,Rendesco raises £6 million to replace gas grids with low-carbon heat,Rendesco  the leading clean heat network developer and owner-operator  has raised £6m to rapidly expand its operations and further develop its solutions in the UK and European energy markets.,Fundraise led by Clean Growth Fund  Eurazeo  and Aviva VenturesNew investment comes as demand for clean heat technology is increasing rapidlyDemonstrates investor confidence in ground source heat pump technology as the UK transitions to a decarbonised economyLondon  June 13  2024 (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) --Rendesco  the leading clean heat network developer and owner-operator  has raised £6m to rapidly expand its operations and further develop its solutions in the UK and European energy markets.The new investment has been led by Clean Growth Fund  Eurazeo’s Smart City fund  and Aviva Ventures. They join existing investor Copley Point Capital.The funding will accelerate Rendesco’s ambitious growth and innovation plans to reduce consumer energy bills  decarbonise heat at scale  and provide a low-carbon alternative to gas grid infrastructure. It will also enable a broadening of its climate technology capabilities with more intelligent and consumer-centric home energy management systems.As the third largest source of CO2 emissions in the UK  decarbonising heat in buildings is a critical challenge which Rendesco is at the forefront of tackling; with their networks set to enable households to reduce their energy bills and save over 100 000 tonnes of CO2 per year  at scale.The investment comes as the UK finalises its proposals to decarbonise heat in buildings following the conclusion of the Future Homes Standard consultation earlier this year  which will mean gas boilers will no longer be installed in new homes from 2025. Similar legislative measures are also driving decarbonisation across Europe.Rendesco already works with many of the UK’s leading property developers  such as Cala Homes and Telford Homes  to design and install low-carbon and low-cost ground source heat networks. It also operates low-carbon heat networks which supply clean heat and hot water to 8 115 homes across the UK.The new investment is separate from  but complementary to  Rendesco’s joint venture with Last Mile Infrastructure  Last Mile Heat. Rendesco’s new build home solutions are owned by Last Mile Heat  enabling house builders to install ground source heat solutions in their developments at a considerably lower cost than other low-carbon solutions. The joint venture has already developed a pipeline of £150m worth of clean heat infrastructure  significantly increasing access to futureproofed heating. The new capital from this raise is being directly channelled into innovation that improves the efficiency and affordability of Rendesco’s clean heat networks  enabling them to be deployed at a much greater scale than air source heat pumps.The news also follows Rendesco’s recent announcement that it is designing and installing the UK’s largest water-source heat network at Welborne Garden Village  which will provide clean heating and cooling to 6 000 new homes. The first of its kind technology sets a viable blueprint for successfully providing clean heat networks to housing developments at scale  whilst also serving as a gamechanger for future homeowners who will benefit from clean and affordable heating and cooling.With an already profitable underlying business  the incremental capital into Rendesco will enable it to expand its heat network projects further  advancing its end goal to replace gas heating with clean heat networks  and significantly reduce the carbon emissions associated with heating in the UK and Europe.Rendesco was advised on the raise by Opus Corporate Finance and Squire Patton Boggs.Alastair Murray  CEO and founder of Rendesco  said:“I am pleased to welcome Clean Growth Fund  Eurazeo and Aviva Ventures as investors in Rendesco. The completion of this funding means Rendesco is incredibly well capitalised  in parallel to the significant capital available to deploy into capex costs via Last Mile Heat. Their collective expertise and support will be invaluable as we pursue our ambitious growth plans  rapidly expanding our clean heating solutions to reach millions of homeowners and making a major – and much needed – dent in the UK's carbon reduction efforts.”Susannah McClintock  Investment Partner at the Clean Growth Fund  the UK specialist clean tech VC firm  said:“Decarbonising heat is critical to achieving our net zero targets. Rendesco's heat network solutions provide a cost effective and efficient route to delivering the low carbon heat required for the transition away from gas to renewable alternatives. This investment aligns with our commitment to empower early-stage entrepreneurs to tackle the climate change crisis.”Pierre Devillard  Managing Director at Eurazeo for the Smart City fund  said:“Rendesco fits very well within Eurazeo's investment strategy. Indeed  the company leverages mature technologies  strong digital and industrial capabilities as well as smart financing structure to deploy at scale profitable assets that decarbonize heat. We plan to leverage our pan-European presence to catalyze the development of those climate solutions in the UK and beyond.”Anthony Barker  Director at Aviva Ventures  said:“This investment forms part of Aviva’s commitment to back British companies with a strong sustainability mission and which will help support growth in important UK sectors  helping the UK get-ready for the future. Rendesco has an excellent track record and this investment will help UK households transition to greener energy by providing clean heat networks across the country.”ENDSNote to EditorsAbout Rendesco:Rendesco is the UK’s leading independent clean heat developer and operator. It designs  installs and operates unique low-carbon solutions  which use ground source technology to provide homes and buildings with sustainable heat and hot water. This is a complete network development package  where it provides a full suite of design capabilities and second-to-none installation quality. It manages hundreds of networks across the UK which provide heating and hot water for more than 8 000 homes  generating over 14GWh of sustainable heating and valuable operating performance data on ground source heat technology. Further information is available at www.rendesco.com.About Clean Growth Fund:Clean Growth Fund (CGF) is a £100m climate venture capital fund. It empowers UK clean tech entrepreneurs with the expertise and capital that they need to tackle the climate crisis. CGF was set up in 2020 to invest in UK-based innovations that significantly reduce greenhouse gas emissions or improve resource efficiency across power  transport  industry  buildings  waste and water industries. To date  it has invested in 19 UK companies.CGF is multiple award winning and led by its Founder and Managing Partner  Beverley Gower-Jones OBE  a recognised thought-leader in early-stage cleantech investments and commercialisation.About Eurazeo:Eurazeo is a leading European investment group with €35.0bn in diversified assets under management  including €24bn on behalf of institutional and private clients through its private equity  private debt  real estate and infrastructure strategies. The Group supports more than 600 mid-market companies  leveraging the commitment of its 400 employees  its sector expertise  its privileged access to global markets via 12 offices in Europe  Asia and the United States  and its responsible approach to value creation based on growth. The company's institutional and family shareholding structure  and its solid financial structure  ensure its long- term viability. Eurazeo has offices in Paris  New York  London  Frankfurt  Berlin  Milan  Madrid  Luxembourg  Shanghai  Seoul  Singapore and Sao Paulo. Eurazeo is listed on Euronext Paris.ISIN : FR000121121 - Bloomberg : RF FP - Reuters : EURA.PA.About Aviva Ventures:Aviva is the UK's leading diversified insurer and operates in the UK  Ireland and Canada. Aviva also has international investments in India and China. Aviva helps 19.2 million customers make the most out of life  plan for the future  and have the confidence that if things go wrong  Aviva is there to put it right. Aviva has been taking care of people for more than 325 years  in line with its purpose of being ‘with you today  for a better tomorrow’. In 2023  it paid £25.6 billion in claims and benefits to its customers.Aviva Ventures is Aviva’s corporate venture capital fund  focused on delivering returns through investments into early stage digital and tech businesses that bring Aviva new opportunities and insights into emerging technology and customer trends. The fund focuses on investments that generate long-term value creation as well as develop a strategic relationship  and provide expertise  global reach and scale. Investment themes include customer wellbeing  mobility  sustainability  and the opportunities created by new technology developments like Artificial Intelligence.Attachments,neutral,0.02,0.97,0.01,mixed,0.65,0.25,0.1,True,English,"['gas grids', 'low-carbon heat', 'Rendesco', 'UK specialist clean tech VC firm', 'consumer-centric home energy management systems', 'ground source heat pump technology', 'low-cost ground source heat networks', 'leading clean heat network developer', 'air source heat pumps', 'ground source heat solutions', 'largest water-source heat network', 'new build home solutions', 'Future Homes Standard consultation', 'third largest source', 'leading property developers', 'heat network projects', 'heat network solutions', 'clean heat technology', 'European energy markets', 'clean heat infrastructure', 'clean heat networks', 'Smart City fund', 'Similar legislative measures', 'Last Mile Infrastructure', 'Welborne Garden Village', 'Opus Corporate Finance', 'Squire Patton Boggs', 'net zero targets', 'smart financing structure', 'Last Mile Heat', 'Clean Growth Fund', 'consumer energy bills', 'carbon reduction efforts', 'climate change crisis', 'low carbon heat', 'profitable underlying business', 'climate technology capabilities', 'Copley Point Capital', 'low-carbon heat networks', 'other low-carbon solutions', 'gas grid infrastructure', 'clean heating solutions', 'ambitious growth plans', 'climate solutions', 'kind technology', 'Decarbonising heat', 'carbon emissions', 'new capital', 'future homeowners', 'industrial capabilities', 'profitable assets', 'new homes', 'low-carbon alternative', 'incremental capital', 'significant capital', 'Cala Homes', 'Telford Homes', 'Aviva Ventures', 'New investment', 'investor confidence', 'decarbonised economy', 'GLOBE NEWSWIRE', 'existing investor', 'innovation plans', 'critical challenge', 'gas boilers', 'hot water', 'joint venture', 'house builders', 'lower cost', 'futureproofed heating', 'recent announcement', 'viable blueprint', 'affordable heating', 'end goal', 'gas heating', 'Alastair Murray', 'capex costs', 'collective expertise', 'Susannah McClintock', 'cost effective', 'efficient route', 'renewable alternatives', 'early-stage entrepreneurs', 'Pierre Devillard', 'mature technologies', 'strong digital', 'pan-European presence', 'Anthony Barker', 'Investment Partner', 'investment strategy', 'CO2 emissions', 'housing developments', 'Managing Director', 'greater scale', '8,115 homes', 'Fundraise', 'Eurazeo', 'demand', 'London', 'June', 'Rendesco', 'owner-operator', 'operations', 'funding', 'broadening', 'intelligent', 'buildings', 'forefront', 'households', '100,000 tonnes', 'year', 'proposals', 'conclusion', 'decarbonisation', 'pipeline', '£150m', 'access', 'efficiency', 'affordability', 'cooling', 'gamechanger', 'CEO', 'founder', 'investors', 'completion', 'parallel', 'support', 'millions', 'major', 'dent', 'transition', 'commitment', 'company']",2024-06-13,2024-06-14,globenewswire.com
42748,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/HSBC-HOLDINGS-PLC-16896790/news/HSBC-Issuance-of-Perpetual-Subordinated-Contingent-Convertible-Securities-46966879/,HSBC : Issuance of Perpetual Subordinated Contingent Convertible Securities,(marketscreener.com)   NOT FOR PUBLICATION OR DISTRIBUTION IN THE UNITED STATES   13 June 2024   HSBC HOLDINGS PLC   ISSUANCE OF PERPETUAL SUBORDINATED CONTINGENT CONVERTIBLE   SECURITIES   On 14 June 2024   HSBC Holdings plc intends to issue…,NOT FOR PUBLICATION OR DISTRIBUTION IN THE UNITED STATES 13 June 2024 HSBC HOLDINGS PLC ISSUANCE OF PERPETUAL SUBORDINATED CONTINGENT CONVERTIBLE SECURITIES On 14 June 2024 (the 'Issue Date')  HSBC Holdings plc (the 'Company') intends to issue SGD1 500 000 000 5.250% Resettable Perpetual Subordinated Contingent Convertible Securities (Callable During Any Optional Redemption Period (as defined below)) (ISIN XS2764959842) (the 'Securities'). Application will be made for the Securities to be admitted to the Official List and to trading on the Global Exchange Market (the 'GEM') of The Irish Stock Exchange plc trading as Euronext Dublin ('Euronext Dublin') on or around the Issue Date. The denominations of the Securities will be SGD250 000. The Securities will be subject to the terms and conditions set out in the offering memorandum dated 27 March 2024 relating to the Company's US$50 000 000 000 Programme for Issuance of Perpetual Subordinated Contingent Capital Securities and the supplement thereto dated 1 May 2024 (together  the 'Offering Memorandum'). This Hong Kong Regulatory Announcement is not an offer of Securities for sale in the United States. The Securities may not be offered or sold in the United States absent registration or an exemption from registration. Registered Office and Group Head Office: 8 Canada Square  London E14 5HQ  United Kingdom Web: www.hsbc.com Incorporated in England with limited liability. Registered number 617987Subscription Managers The Hongkong and Shanghai Banking Corporation Limited  Singapore Branch will be the sole global coordinator and a joint bookrunner (the 'Sole Global Coordinator and Joint Bookrunner'). DBS Bank Ltd.  United Overseas Bank Limited  and Oversea-Chinese Banking Corporation Limited will be joint bookrunners (together with the Sole Global Coordinator and Joint Bookrunner  the 'Managers'). Subscription Agreement The Company and the Managers have entered into a subscription agreement dated 12 June 2024 (the 'Issue Agreement Date') in relation to the Securities (the 'Subscription Agreement'). Pursuant to the Subscription Agreement and the dealer agreement dated 2 September 2014 as last modified and restated by a modified and restated dealer agreement dated 27 March 2024 (the 'Dealer Agreement') made between the Company and HSBC Bank plc  subject to fulfilment of the conditions set out below in the section headed 'Conditions precedent to the subscription'  the Managers have agreed jointly and severally to subscribe for the Securities in immediately available funds  to be issued by the Company on the Issue Date  being 14 June 2024  in an aggregate principal amount of SGD1 500 000 000. Pursuant to the terms of the Subscription Agreement and Dealer Agreement  the Company has agreed to indemnify the several Managers against certain liabilities in connection with the Securities. Conditions precedent to the subscription The Managers' obligations to subscribe for the Securities on the Issue Date are subject to the satisfaction of a number of conditions  including: the receipt of (i) certain specified opinions of counsel to the Company and counsel to the Managers  (ii) specified certificates of authorised signatories of the Company  and (iii) a letter from the Company's independent auditor; the truth and correctness in all material respects of certain representations and warranties of the Company contained in the Dealer Agreement on the Issue Agreement Date and on the Issue Date  in each case with reference to the facts and circumstances then subsisting; there not having been any significant new factor  material mistake or inaccuracy relating to the information contained in the Offering Memorandum  information in respect of which would have been required to have been included in the Offering Memorandum had the relevant significant new factor  material mistake or inaccuracy arisen or been noted prior to the date of the Offering Memorandum and which is material in the context of the issue of the Securities; there having been  since the Issue Agreement Date  in the opinion of the Managers (after such consultation with the Company as may be reasonably practicable in the circumstances)  no such change in national or international financial  political or economic conditions or currency exchange rates as would  in their view  be likely to prejudice materially the placement  distribution or sale of the Securities or dealings in the Securities in the secondary market; and the Securities being admitted to listing on the Official List of Euronext Dublin and trading on its Global Exchange Market  subject only to the issue of the Securities  on or before the Issue Date. Such conditions may be waived in whole or in part by any Manager (except for the Company's representation that the aggregate principal amount of the Securities issued underthe Programme will not exceed US$50 000 000 000 (or such greater amount as may be permitted by the terms of the Dealer Agreement)). Subscribers The Company intends to offer and sell the Securities to no less than six independent placees (who will be independent individual  corporate and/or institutional investors). To the best of the knowledge  information and belief of the directors of the Company  save as described in the immediately following sentence  each of the placees (and their respective ultimate beneficial owners) will be third parties independent of the Company and are not connected with the Company and its connected persons (as defined in the Rules Governing the Listing of Securities on The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited (the 'SEHK') (the 'Hong Kong Listing Rules')). Pursuant to a waiver granted by the SEHK from strict compliance with certain requirements of the Hong Kong Listing Rules (which waiver is described in an announcement by the Company dated 10 January 2017 and which is available on the Company's website)  the Sole Global Coordinator and Joint Bookrunner and HSBC Bank plc may hold Securities from time to time for the purposes of market-making transactions. Principal terms of the Securities The principal terms of the Securities are summarised as follows: Issuer The Company. Securities offered SGD1 500 000 000 in aggregate principal amount. Maturity date Perpetual. Issue price 100% of the aggregate principal amount of the Securities. Interest From (and including) the Issue Date to (but excluding) the first Reset Date (as defined below) 5.250 % per annum (the 'Initial Rate of Interest'). From (and including) each Reset Date to (but excluding) the next following Reset Date  the applicable per annum interest rate (the 'Reset Rate of Interest') will be equal to the sum of the SORA- OIS Rate (as determined in accordance with the provisions below) and 2.237%. Reset Date The Resettable Security Interest Payment Date (as defined below) falling on 14 December 2029 and 14 December 2034  and thereafter each Resettable Security Interest Payment Date falling on 14 December in each year falling five years after the immediately preceding Reset Date (each such date  a 'Reset Date'). Each period from (and including) a Reset Date to (but excluding) the following Reset Date will be a 'Reset Period'. Resettable Security 14 June and 14 December in each year Interest Payment Dates commencing on 14 December 2024. Reset Determination The second business day immediately preceding a Dates Reset Date (each  a 'Reset Determination Date'). SORA-OIS Rate The Calculation Agent will  in respect of each Reset Period  determine the five-yearSORA-OIS reference rate available on the 'OTC SGD OIS'page on Bloomberg under 'BGN' appearing under the column headed 'Ask' (or such other substitute page thereof or if there is no substitute page  the screen page which is the generally accepted page used by market participants at that time as determined by an independent financial institution (which is appointed by the Company and notified to the Calculation Agent)) (the 'Relevant SORA-OIS Screen Page') at the close of business on the relevant Reset Determination Date (such rate  the 'SORA-OISRate')  and the Reset Rate of Interest for the relevant Reset Period shall be the sum of the SORA-OIS Rate as determined in accordance with the above provisions and 2.237%  with such sum converted (if necessary) in line with market convention to a basis (e.g. annual  semi-annual  quarterly) equivalent to the frequency with which scheduled interest payments are payable on the Notes during the relevant Reset Period  all as determined by the Calculation Agent; provided  however  thatif the Relevant SORA-OIS Screen Page is not available or such rate does not appear on the Relevant SORA-OIS Screen Page on the relevant Reset Determination Date  the Reset Rate of Interest (as applicable) shall be determined to be the rate of interest as at the last preceding Reset Date or  in the case of the first Reset Determination Date  the Reset Rate of Interest shall be the Initial Rate of Interest. Notwithstanding the above provisions  if the Company (in consultation  to the extent practicable  with the Calculation Agent) determines that a Benchmark Event (as defined in the terms and conditions of the Securities (the 'Conditions')) has occurred in relation to an Original Reference Rate when any interest rate (or the relevant component part thereof) remains to be determined by reference to that Original Reference Rate  then a number of fallback provisions apply  as set out in the Conditions  including the potential determination by an Independent Adviser (as defined below) or by the Company (in consultation  to the extent practicable  with the Calculation Agent and acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner) of a successor rate or alternative reference rate for determining the Reset Rate of Interest. 'Original Reference Rate' means (A) the SORA- OIS Rate (or any component part(s) thereof) or (B) (if applicable) any other successor rate or alternative reference rate (or any component part(s) thereof) determined and applicable to the Securities pursuant to the earlier operation of the above- mentioned fallback provisions. Discretionary interest The Company shall be entitled at its full discretion to payments cancel (in whole or in part) any amounts of interest otherwise payable in respect of the Securities on any date (the 'Discretionary Interest Payment Right').Restriction on interest In addition to the Discretionary Interest Payment payments Right  the terms of the Securities restrict the Company from making interest payments in certain circumstances  including where the Company's distributable items or the maximum distributable amount that is applicable to the Company is exceeded  the Company would not be solvent at the time of such interest payment  or the Lead Regulator (as defined below) orders the Company to cancel (in whole or in part) the interest otherwise payable on such interest payment date  in which case Company shall cancel (in whole or  as the case may be  in part) the interest otherwise payable on such date. Optional redemption The Securities will not be redeemable at the option of the holders of the Securities (the 'Securityholders') at any time. Subject to certain conditions described in the Conditions  the Securities may be redeemed in whole (but not in part) at the Company's option in its sole discretion on any business day during an Optional Redemption Period (as defined below)  on giving not less than 10 nor more than 60 days' notice to the Securityholders  at a redemption price equal to 100% of the principal amount  together with (to the extent not cancelled pursuant to the terms and conditions of the Securities (the 'Conditions')) interest accrued and unpaid thereon  if any  to the date fixed for redemption. 'Optional Redemption Period' means each period commencing on (and including) the date falling six months prior to a Reset Date  and ending on (and including) such Reset Date. Special event redemption Subject to certain conditions described in the Conditions  the Securities may be redeemed in whole (but not in part) at the option of the Company in its sole discretion upon the occurrence of a Tax Event or a Capital Disqualification Event. In each case  the redemption price for the Securities will be equal to 100% of their principal amount  together with (to the extent not cancelled pursuant to the Conditions) interest accrued and unpaid thereon  if any  to the date fixed for redemption. A 'Tax Event' will be deemed to have occurred with respect to the Securities if at any time the Company determines that certain tax events have occurred (as specified in the Conditions). A 'Capital Disqualification Event' will be deemed to have occurred if the Company determines  at any time after the Issue Date  there is a change in the regulatory classification of the Securities that results in or will result in their (i) exclusion in whole or in part from the regulatory capital of the Company together with its consolidated subsidiaries (the 'HSBC Group') (other than as a consequence of a conversion of the Securities following the occurrence of a Capital Adequacy Trigger); or (ii)reclassification in whole or in part as a form of the HSBC Group's regulatory capital that is lower than additional tier 1 capital. Capital Adequacy Trigger A 'Capital Adequacy Trigger' will occur if at any time the Common Equity Tier 1 Capital Ratio of the HSBC Group is below 7.00%. Whether a Capital Adequacy Trigger has occurred at any time shall be determined by the Company  the Lead Regulator or any agent of the Lead Regulator appointed for such purpose by the Lead Regulator. 'Applicable Rules' means  at any time  the laws  regulations  requirements  guidelines and policies relating to capital adequacy (including  without limitation  as to leverage) then in effect in the UK including  without limitation to the generality of the foregoing  the UK CRR  the Banking Act and any regulations  requirements  guidelines and policies relating to capital adequacy adopted by the Lead Regulator from time to time (whether or not such requirements  guidelines or policies are applied generally or specifically to the Company or to the Company and any holding or subsidiary company of the Company or any subsidiary of any such holding company)  in each case as amended  supplemented or replaced from time to time. 'Banking Act' means the Banking Act 2009  as amended. 'CET1 Capital' means  as at any date the sum  expressed in U.S. dollars of all amounts that constitute Common Equity Tier 1 Capital of the HSBC Group as at such date  less any deductions from Common Equity Tier 1 Capital of the HSBC Group required to be made as of such date  in each case as calculated by the Company on a consolidated basis and without applying the transitional provisions set out in Part 10 of the UK CRR (or in any successor provisions thereto or any equivalent provisions of the Applicable Rules which replace or supersede such provisions) in accordance with the Applicable Rules applicable to the Company as at such date (which calculation shall be binding on the trustee and the Securityholders). 'Common Equity Tier 1 Capital' has the meaning given to it in the Applicable Rules as interpreted and applied in accordance with the Applicable Rules then applicable to the HSBC Group or by the Lead Regulator. 'Common Equity Tier 1 Capital Ratio means  as at any date  the ratio of the CET1 Capital as at such date to the Risk Weighted Assets as at the same date  expressed as a percentage and on the basis that all measures used in such calculation shall be calculated without applying the transitional provisions set out in Part 10 of the UK CRR (or inany successor provisions thereto or any equivalent provisions of the Applicable Rules which replace or supersede such provisions). 'Lead Regulator' means the Prudential Regulation Authority or any successor or other entity primarily responsible for the prudential supervision of the Company. 'Risk Weighted Assets' means  as of any date  the aggregate amount  expressed in US Dollars  of the risk weighted assets of the HSBC Group as of such date  as calculated by the Company on a consolidated basis and without applying the transitional provisions set out in Part 10 of the UK CRR (or in any successor provisions thereto or any equivalent provisions of the Applicable Rules which replace or supersede such provisions)  in accordance with the Applicable Rules applicable to the HSBC Group as of such date (which calculations shall be binding on the trustee and the Securityholders) and where the term 'risk weighted assets' means the risk weighted assets or total risk exposure amount  as calculated by the Company in accordance with the Applicable Rules applicable to the HSBC Group as of such date. 'UK CRR' means Regulation (EU) No. 575/2013 on prudential requirements for credit institutions and investment firms of the European Parliament and of the Council of 26 June 2013  as amended or supplemented  as it forms part of domestic law in the UK by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018  as amended (the 'EUWA'). Conversion upon a Capital If a Capital Adequacy Trigger occurs: Adequacy Trigger i. the Securities shall be irrevocably discharged and satisfied by its conversion into Ordinary Shares  credited as fully paid  in the manner and in the circumstances described in the Conditions  and the issuance and delivery of such Ordinary Shares to the Settlement Shares Depositary; ii. such conversion shall occur without delay upon the occurrence of such Capital Adequacy Trigger and  in any event  within one month from the time it is determined that the Capital Adequacy Trigger has occurred or within such shorter period as the Lead Regulator may require (such date on which conversion is to occur is the 'Conversion Date'); and iii. the Securities will be converted in whole and not in part on the Conversion Date  at which point all of the Company's obligations under the Securities shall be irrevocably discharged and satisfied by the Company's issuance and delivery of the relevant Ordinary shares tothe Settlement Shares Depositary on the Conversion Date. The Securities will not be convertible into Ordinary Shares at the option of the Securityholders at any time. 'Ordinary Shares' means fully paid ordinary shares in the capital of the Company. 'Settlement Shares Depositary' means a reputable financial institution  trust company or similar entity (which in each such case is wholly independent of the Company) to be appointed by the Company on or prior to any date when a function ascribed to the Settlement Shares Depositary in the Conditions is required to be performed and which will hold the Ordinary Shares (and any Alternative Consideration  if applicable) on trust for Securityholders in one or more segregated accounts  unless otherwise required to be transferred out of such accounts for the purposes of a Conversion Shares Offer  and otherwise on terms consistent with the Conditions. Ordinary Shares and The Company shall issue and deliver to the Conversion Price Settlement Shares Depositary on the Conversion Date a number of Ordinary Shares in respect of a Security determined by dividing the principal amount of such Security by the Conversion Price  subject to rounding and fractional adjustments set out in the Conditions. The 'Conversion Price' is fixed initially at SGD4.6481 per Ordinary Share and is subject to certain anti-dilution adjustments as described below. Assuming that there is no adjustment to the Conversion Price  the maximum number of Ordinary Shares that may be issued upon an Automatic Conversion of the Securities is approximately 322 712 506. Ranking of Conversion The Ordinary Shares issued and delivered on Shares conversion will be fully paid and non-assessable and will in all respects rank pari passu with the fully paid Ordinary Shares in issue on the Conversion Date  except in any such case for any right excluded by mandatory provisions of applicable law  and except that any Ordinary Shares so issued and delivered will not rank for (or  as the case may be  the relevant Securityholder shall not be entitled to receive) any rights  distributions or payments the record date or other due date for the establishment of entitlement for which falls prior to the Conversion Date. Conversion Shares Offer The Company may elect  at its sole and absolute discretion and following the conversion upon a Capital Adequacy Trigger (as described above)  that the Settlement Shares Depositary (or an agent on its behalf) will make an offer of  in the Company's sole and absolute discretion  all or some of the Ordinary Shares to be delivered on conversion to  in the Company's sole and absolute discretion  all or someof the Company's Shareholders at such time  such offer to be at a cash price per Ordinary Share equal to the Conversion Shares Offer Price  in accordance with the following provisions  subject to certain conditions (a 'Conversion Shares Offer'). The 'Conversion Shares Offer Price' is fixed initially at £2.70 per Conversion Share and is subject to certain anti-dilution adjustments as described below. On the Issue Date  the Conversion Shares Offer Price and the Conversion Price will be equal (based on an exchange rate of £1.00 = SGD1.7215). Conversion Shares Offer Upon expiry of the Conversion Shares Offer period  consideration the Settlement Shares Depositary will provide notice to the Securityholders of the composition of the Alternative Consideration (and of the deductions to the cash component  if any  of the Alternative Consideration (as set out in the definition of Alternative Consideration)). The Alternative Consideration shall be held on trust by the Settlement Shares Depositary for the Securityholders. 'Alternative Consideration' means  in respect of each Security and as determined by the Company: (a) if all of the Ordinary Shares to be issued and delivered on conversion are sold in the Conversion Shares Offer  the pro rata share of the cash proceeds from the sale of such Ordinary Shares attributable to such Security (converted  if necessary  into Singapore Dollars at a prevailing exchange rate pursuant to the Conditions) as determined by the Settlement Shares Depositary  and less the pro rata share of any foreign exchange transaction costs and an amount equal to the pro rata share of any taxes or duties (including  without limitation  any capital  stamp  issue and registration and transfer taxes or duties) that may arise or be paid in connection with the issue and delivery of Ordinary Shares to the Settlement Shares Depositary pursuant to the Conversion Shares Offer; (b) if some  but not all of such Ordinary Shares to be issued and delivered upon conversion are sold in the Conversion Shares Offer  (x) the pro rata share of the cash proceeds from the sale of such Ordinary Shares attributable to such Security (converted  if necessary  into Singapore dollars at a prevailing exchange rate pursuant to the Conditions) as determined by the Settlement Shares Depositary  and less the pro rata share of any foreign exchange transaction costs and an amount equal to the pro rata share of any taxes or duties (including  without limitation  any capital  stamp  issue and registration and transfer taxes or duties) that may arise or be paid in connection with the issue and delivery of Ordinary Shares to the Settlement Shares Depositary pursuant to the Conversion Shares Offer and (y) the pro rata share of such Ordinary Shares not sold pursuant to the Conversion Shares Offer attributable to such Security,neutral,0.01,0.97,0.02,negative,0.01,0.05,0.93,True,English,"['Perpetual Subordinated Contingent Convertible Securities', 'HSBC', 'Issuance', '5.250% Resettable Perpetual Subordinated Contingent Convertible Securities', 'Perpetual Subordinated Contingent Capital Securities', 'The Irish Stock Exchange plc', 'Hong Kong Regulatory Announcement', 'Shanghai Banking Corporation Limited', 'Oversea-Chinese Banking Corporation Limited', 'relevant significant new factor', 'United Overseas Bank Limited', 'currency exchange rates', 'DBS Bank Ltd', 'HSBC Bank plc', 'Global Exchange Market', 'HSBC HOLDINGS PLC', 'Optional Redemption Period', 'London E14 5HQ', 'sole global coordinator', 'international financial, political', 'aggregate principal amount', 'Group Head Office', 'six independent placees', ""The Managers' obligations"", 'Issue Agreement Date', 'limited liability', 'secondary market', 'greater amount', 'Registered Office', 'independent auditor', 'UNITED STATES', 'United Kingdom', 'Issue Date', 'The Hongkong', 'dealer agreement', 'Official List', 'Euronext Dublin', 'The Securities', 'offering memorandum', '8 Canada Square', 'Singapore Branch', 'joint bookrunner', 'authorised signatories', 'material respects', 'material mistake', 'Subscription Agreement', 'Conditions precedent', 'economic conditions', 'Such conditions', 'Registered number', 'several Managers', 'The Company', 'Subscription Managers', 'PUBLICATION', 'DISTRIBUTION', 'ISSUANCE', '14 June', 'SGD', 'ISIN', 'Application', 'GEM', 'denominations', 'terms', 'Programme', 'supplement', 'sale', 'registration', 'exemption', 'England', '12 June', 'relation', '2 September', '27 March', 'fulfilment', 'section', 'funds', 'liabilities', 'connection', 'satisfaction', 'receipt', 'specified', 'opinions', 'counsel', 'certificates', 'letter', 'truth', 'correctness', 'representations', 'warranties', 'case', 'reference', 'facts', 'circumstances', 'inaccuracy', 'information', 'context', 'consultation', 'view', 'placement', 'dealings', 'part', 'Subscribers', 'less']",2024-06-13,2024-06-14,marketscreener.com
42749,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2024/06/13/2898002/0/en/ALSTOM-SA-Alstom-announces-the-success-of-the-share-capital-increase-with-preferential-subscription-rights-of-1-billion-final-step-of-the-announced-2-billion-deleveraging-plan.html,ALSTOM SA: Alstom announces the success of the share capital increase with preferential subscription rights of €1 billion  final step of the announced €2 billion deleveraging plan,Alstom announces the success of the share capital increase with preferential subscription rights of €1 billion  final step of the announced €2...,"Alstom announces the success of the share capital increase with preferential subscription rights of €1 billion  final step of the announced €2 billion deleveraging plan13 June 2024 - Alstom achieves the final step of its announced deleveraging plan with the completion of a share capital increase with shareholders’ preferential subscription rights in an amount of €1 billion (including issue premium).Results of the share capital increaseThe final gross proceeds of the share capital increase with shareholders’ preferential subscription rights announced by Alstom (the “Company”) on May 27th  2024  amount to €999 156 769 (including issue premium)  corresponding to the issuance of 76 858 213 shares with a par value of €7 at a unit subscription price of €13.Following the subscription period  which ended on June 10th  2024  total demand amounted to more than €1.7 billion  representing a a high subscription rate of approximately 173.4%:74 218 528 new shares were subscribed on an irreducible basis (à titre irréductible)  representing approximately 96.57% of the shares to be issued;orders submitted on a reducible basis (à titre réductible) represented 59 073 502 new shares and will therefore only be partially allocated for an aggregate number of 2 639 685 new shares.“The success of the capital increased launched after the completion of the hybrid bond issuance paves the way to the stabilization of the credit outlook of Alstom. I thank all our shareholders for their support as it opens a new phase of our journey to deliver sustainable financial performance” said Henri Poupart-Lafarge  Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer of AlstomBackground of the share capital increaseThe share capital increase is the final step of the deleveraging plan that also includes:Divestments for ca. €700 million: Sale of TMH for €75 million completed in January 2024 The announced sale of US conventional signalling business to Knorr-Bremse AG  which will generate proceeds of ca. €630 million upon closing expected during Summer 2024The successful placement of €750 million of hybrid bonds with 50% equity content for Moody’s1 announced on May 23rd  2024.The ca. €2.4 billion in aggregate proceeds correspond to ca. €2 billion of deleveraging  considering the hybrid bond’s 50% Moody’s debt content.Ca. €1.2 billion of the proceeds of asset disposals and of the capital markets transactions will be used to repay financial debt by September 2024:repayment of Neu CP of €1 033 millionrepayment of RCF drawings of €175 millionThe remainder of the proceeds will be invested in highly liquid short-term investments (cash equivalent treatment) and will be earmarked for gross debt reduction at maturity.On May 8th Moody’s has reaffirmed Alstom’s Baa3 long-term issuer rating reflecting Alstom’s commitment to implement its €2bn deleveraging plan. As indicated by the rating agency in its rating action  we expect the credit outlook will be lifted immediately from negative to stable with this last step achieved.Alstom will terminate its €2.25 billion credit facility agreement on settlement of the share capital increase.Settlement of the share capital increaseSettlement and delivery of the new shares and beginning of trading on the regulated market of Euronext Paris will take place on June 17th  2024. The new shares will be  as from their issuance date  fully fungible with Alstom’s existing shares and will be traded under the same trading line and ISIN code as Alstom’s existing shares (ISIN code FR0010220475).BNP Paribas  Crédit Agricole CIB  J.P. Morgan and Société Générale acted as Joint Global Coordinators  Lead Managers and Joint Bookrunners  BofA Securities  Citigroup  Mizuho and Natixis acted as Joint Bookrunners and BBVA  CIC and Deutsche Bank acted as Co-Bookrunners.CDPQ and Bpifrance Investissement subscriptionsAs part of the share capital increase:Caisse de dépôt et placement du Québec (“CDPQ”) subscribed to 13 366 510 new ordinary shares for €173.8 million on an irreducible basis and 731 420 2 new ordinary shares for €9.5 million on a reducible basis;new ordinary shares for €9.5 million on a reducible basis; Bpifrance Investissement (in respect of shares held through the SLP3 Lac 1 fund) subscribed to 5 769 094 new ordinary shares for €75.0 million on an irreducible basis and 315 6874 new ordinary shares for €4.1 million on a reducible basis.Impact of the share capital increase on Alstom’s share capitalFollowing the settlement of the share capital increase  Alstom’s share capital will amount to €3 228 044 967 comprised of 461 149 281 shares with a nominal value of €7 each.Based on public information available to date  the allocation of the share capital of the Company following the share capital increase is set out in the below table*:Shareholders Number of ordinary shares % of share capital Number of voting rights % of voting rights CDPQ 80 930 484 17.5% 80 930 484 17.5% Bpifrance Investissement(1) 34 930 254 7.6% 34 930 254 7.6% Public and employees(2) 345 288 543 74.9% 345 288 543 74.9% TOTAL 461 149 281 100% 461 149 281 100% (1) Shares held through the SLP Lac 1 fund(2) Shares held by employees or former employees of the Alstom Group* On the basis of CDPQ and Bpifrance subscriptions on irreducible and reducible basis  and subject to final adjustments linked to the determination of shares subscribed on an irreducible basisLock-up agreementsAlstom has agreed to a lock-up period ending 180 calendar days after the settlement and delivery date of the share capital increase  subject to certain customary exceptions.Each of CDPQ and Bpifrance Investissement (in respect of shares held through the SLP Lac 1 fund) has agreed to a lock-up period ending 180 calendar days after the settlement and delivery date of the share capital increase  subject to certain customary exceptions.Availability of the ProspectusThe prospectus (the “Prospectus”) including (i) the 2023/24 universal registration document (document d’enregistrement universel) of Alstom filed with the AMF on May 15th  2024 under number D.24-0413 and (ii) the amendment to the universal registration document filed with the AMF on May 24th  2024 under number D.24-0413-A01 and (iii) a securities note (note d’opération) (including the summary of the Prospectus) which was filed with the AMF and received approval under number 24-169 dated May 24th  2024 is available on the website of the AMF (www.amf-france.org) and of the Company (www.alstom.com). Copies of the Prospectus are available free of charge at the Alstom’s registered office (48  rue Albert Dhalenne  93400 Saint-Ouen-sur-Seine  France).Financial & legal advisorsPJT Partners and Perella Weinberg Partners acted as financial advisors to Alstom  Cleary Gottlieb Steen & Hamilton LLP acted as legal advisor to Alstom and White & Case LLP acted as legal advisor to the syndicate of banks.1 Alstom will account for the bonds entirely as equity under IFRS.2 Subject to final adjustments linked to the determination of shares subscribed on an irreducible basis3 SLP: Société de libre partenariat4 Subject to final adjustments linked to the determination of shares subscribed on an irreducible basisAbout AlstomAlstom commits to contribute to a low carbon future by developing and promoting innovative and sustainable transportation solutions that people enjoy riding. From high-speed trains  metros  monorails  trams  to turnkey systems  services  infrastructure  signalling and digital mobility  Alstom offers its diverse customers the broadest portfolio in the industry. With its presence in 64 countries and a talent base of over 84 700 people from 184 nationalities  the Company focuses its design  innovation  and project management skills to where mobility solutions are needed most. Listed in France  Alstom generated revenues of €17.6 billion for the fiscal year ending on 31 March 2024.For more information  please visit www.alstom.com Contacts Press:Coralie COLLET - Tel.: +33 (0) 7 63 63 09 62coralie.collet@alstomgroup.comThomas ANTOINE - Tel.: +33 (0) 6 11 47 28 60thomas.antoine@alstomgroup.comInvestor relations:Martin VAUJOUR - Tel.: +33 (0) 6 88 40 17 57martin.vaujour@alstomgroup.comEstelle MATURELL ANDINO - Tel.: +33 (0) 6 71 37 47 56estelle.maturell@alstomgroup.comIMPORTANT INFORMATIONThis press release includes ""forward-looking statements"". All statements other than statements of historical facts included in this press release  including  without limitation  those regarding Alstom’s financial position  business strategy  plans and objectives of management for future operations  are forward-looking statements. Such forward-looking statements involve known and unknown risks  uncertainties and other factors  which may cause the actual results  performance or achievements of Alstom  or industry results  to be materially different from any future results  performance or achievements expressed or implied by such forward-looking statements. Such forward-looking statements are based on numerous assumptions regarding Alstom’s present and future business strategies and the environment in which Alstom will operate in the future. Additional factors could cause actual results  performance or achievements to differ materially.The contents of this press release have been prepared by and are the sole responsibility of Alstom.This press release does not constitute an offer to sell nor a solicitation of an offer to buy  and there has not been any sale of ordinary shares in any state or jurisdiction in which such an offer  solicitation or sale would be unlawful prior to registration or qualification under the securities laws of any such state or jurisdiction.The distribution of this document may  in certain jurisdictions  be restricted by local legislations. Persons into whose possession this document comes are required to inform themselves about and to observe any such potential local restrictions.This press release is an advertisement and not a prospectus within the meaning of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 of the European Parliament and of the Council of June 14  2017 (as amended the “Prospectus Regulation”). Potential investors are advised to read the prospectus before making an investment decision in order to fully understand the potential risks and rewards associated with the decision to invest in the securities. The approval of the prospectus by the AMF should not be understood as an endorsement of the securities offered or admitted to trading on a regulated market.With respect to the member states of the European Economic Area (other than France) and the United Kingdom (each a “Relevant State”)  no action has been undertaken or will be undertaken to make an offer to the public of the securities referred to herein requiring a publication of a prospectus in any Relevant State. As a result  the securities may not and have not been offered in any Relevant State except in accordance with the exemptions set forth in Article 1 (4) of the Prospectus Regulation or under any other circumstances which do not require the publication by Alstom of a prospectus pursuant to Article 3 of the Prospectus Regulation and/or to applicable regulations of that Relevant State.The distribution of this press release has not been made  and has not been approved  by an “authorised person” within the meaning of Article 21(1) of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000. As a consequence  this press release is only being distributed to  and is only directed at  persons in the United Kingdom that (i) are “investment professionals” falling within Article 19(5) of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 (Financial Promotion) Order 2005 (as amended  the “Order”)  (ii) are persons falling within Article 49(2)(a) to (d) (“high net worth companies  unincorporated associations  etc.”) of the Order  or (iii) are persons to whom an invitation or inducement to engage in investment activity (within the meaning of Article 21 of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000) in connection with the issue or sale of any securities may otherwise lawfully be communicated or caused to be communicated (all such persons together being referred to as “Relevant Persons”). Any investment or investment activity to which this document relates is available only to Relevant Persons and will be engaged in only with Relevant Persons. Any person who is not a Relevant Person should not act or rely on this document or any of its contents.This press release does not constitute or form part of any offer of securities for sale or any solicitation to purchase or to subscribe for securities or any solicitation of sale of securities in the United States. The securities referred to herein have not been and will not be registered under the U.S. Securities Act of 1933  as amended (the “Securities Act”) or the law of any State or other jurisdiction of the United States  and may not be offered or sold in the United States absent registration under the Securities Act or pursuant to an exemption from  or in a transaction not subject to  the registration requirements of the Securities Act. Alstom does not intend to register all or any portion of the Securities in the United States under the Securities Act or to conduct a public offering of the Securities in the United States.This announcement is not  and under no circumstances is it to be construed as  a prospectus  offering memorandum  advertisement or an offer to sell or solicitation of an offer to buy any of the securities referred to herein in Canada. Any offering in Canada has been made on a private placement basis only to purchasers purchasing  or deemed to be purchasing  as principal that are accredited investors  as defined in National Instrument 45-106 Prospectus Exemptions or subsection 73.3(1) of the Securities Act (Ontario)  and are permitted clients  as defined in National Instrument 31-103 Registration Requirements  Exemptions and Ongoing Registrant Obligations.This announcement may not be published  forwarded or distributed  directly or indirectly  in the United States of America  Canada  Australia or Japan.Alstom  as well as BNP Paribas  Crédit Agricole CIB  J.P. Morgan  Société Générale  BofA Securities  Citibank  Mizuho  Natixis  BBVA  CIC and Deutsche Bank (together  the “Underwriters”) and any of their respective affiliates expressly disclaim any obligation or undertaking to update or revise any forward-looking statements contained in this press release  whether as a result of new information  future developments or otherwise.The Underwriters are acting exclusively for Alstom and no one else in connection with the offer of new shares and will not regard any other person as their respective clients and will not be responsible to anyone other than Alstom for providing the protections afforded to their respective clients in connection with any offer of new shares of Alstom or otherwise  nor for providing any advice in relation to the offer of new shares  the content of this press release or any transaction  arrangement or other matter referred to herein.In connection with the offering of ordinary shares of Alstom  the Underwriters and any of their affiliates may take up a portion of the ordinary shares as a principal position and in that capacity may retain  purchase  sell  offer to sell for their own accounts such shares and other securities of the Alstom or related investments in connection with the offer of ordinary shares of Alstom or otherwise. Accordingly  references in the Prospectus to the new ordinary shares being issued  offered  subscribed  acquired  placed or otherwise dealt in should be read as including any issue or offer to  or subscription  acquisition  placing or dealing by the Underwriters and any of their affiliates acting in such capacity. In addition  the Underwriters and any of their affiliates may enter into financing arrangements (including swaps  warrants or contracts for differences) with investors in connection with which they may from time to time acquire  hold or dispose of shares. The Underwriters do not intend to disclose the extent of any such investment or transactions otherwise than in accordance with any legal or regulatory obligations to do so.None of the Underwriters or any of their respective directors  officers  employees  advisers or agents accepts any responsibility or liability whatsoever for or makes any representation or warranty  express or implied  as to the truth  accuracy or completeness of the information in this press release (or whether any information has been omitted from this press release) or any other information relating to Alstom  its subsidiaries or associated companies  whether written  oral or in a visual or electronic form  and howsoever transmitted or made available or for any loss howsoever arising from any use of this announcement or its contents or otherwise arising in connection therewith.Attachment",neutral,0.36,0.63,0.01,mixed,0.53,0.22,0.25,True,English,"['share capital increase', 'preferential subscription rights', '€2 billion deleveraging plan', 'final step', 'ALSTOM SA', 'success', 'Société Générale', 'Caisse de dépôt', 'US conventional signalling business', 'Crédit Agricole CIB', 'Baa3 long-term issuer rating', '€2.25 billion credit facility agreement', 'shareholders’ preferential subscription rights', 'J.P. Morgan', 'unit subscription price', 'high subscription rate', 'Chief Executive Officer', 'liquid short-term investments', 'cash equivalent treatment', 'SLP3 Lac 1 fund', 'capital markets transactions', 'share capital increase', 'sustainable financial performance', 'Joint Global Coordinators', '€2 billion deleveraging plan', 'gross debt reduction', 'same trading line', '€2bn deleveraging plan', 'Bpifrance Investissement subscriptions', 'share capital Number', '13,366,510 new ordinary shares', '731,420 2 new ordinary shares', '5,769,094 new ordinary shares', '315,6874 new ordinary shares', 'final gross proceeds', 'subscription period', 'voting rights', 'credit outlook', 'rating agency', 'rating action', '74,218,528 new shares', '59,073,502 new shares', '2,639,685 new shares', 'financial debt', 'new phase', 'final step', 'existing shares', 'par value', 'June 10th', 'irreducible basis', 'aggregate number', 'Henri Poupart-Lafarge', 'Knorr-Bremse AG', 'asset disposals', 'Neu CP', 'RCF drawings', 'last step', 'regulated market', 'Euronext Paris', 'June 17th', 'ISIN code', 'BNP Paribas', 'Lead Managers', 'Joint Bookrunners', 'BofA Securities', 'Deutsche Bank', 'Québec', 'nominal value', 'public information', 'May 27th', 'bond issuance', 'hybrid bonds', 'May 8th', 'aggregate proceeds', 'total demand', 'successful placement', '50% equity content', 'issuance date', 'issue premium', '76,858,213 shares', '461,149,281 shares', 'Alstom', 'completion', 'amount', 'Results', 'Company', 'orders', 'way', 'stabilization', 'support', 'journey', 'Chairman', 'Board', 'Background', 'Divestments', 'Sale', 'TMH', 'January', 'Summer', 'Moody', 'September', 'repayment', 'remainder', 'maturity', 'commitment', 'settlement', 'delivery', 'beginning', 'Citigroup', 'Mizuho', 'Natixis', 'BBVA', 'CIC', 'CDPQ', 'respect', 'Impact', 'allocation', 'table', 'employees']",2024-06-13,2024-06-14,globenewswire.com
42750,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/ALSTOM-4607/news/ALSTOM-SA-Alstom-announces-the-success-of-the-share-capital-increase-with-preferential-subscription-46963972/,ALSTOM SA: Alstom announces the success of the share capital increase with preferential subscription rights of 1 billion  final step of the announced 2 billion deleveraging plan,(marketscreener.com)   Alstom announces the success of the share capital increase with preferential subscription rights of €1 billion  final step of the announced €2 billion deleveraging plan 13 June 2024 - Alstom achieves the final step of its announced dele…,"Alstom announces the success of the share capital increase with preferential subscription rights of €1 billion  final step of the announced €2 billion deleveraging plan13 June 2024 - Alstom achieves the final step of its announced deleveraging plan with the completion of a share capital increase with shareholders’ preferential subscription rights in an amount of €1 billion (including issue premium).Results of the share capital increaseThe final gross proceeds of the share capital increase with shareholders’ preferential subscription rights announced by Alstom (the “Company”) on May 27th  2024  amount to €999 156 769 (including issue premium)  corresponding to the issuance of 76 858 213 shares with a par value of €7 at a unit subscription price of €13.Following the subscription period  which ended on June 10th  2024  total demand amounted to more than €1.7 billion  representing a a high subscription rate of approximately 173.4%:74 218 528 new shares were subscribed on an irreducible basis (à titre irréductible)  representing approximately 96.57% of the shares to be issued;orders submitted on a reducible basis (à titre réductible) represented 59 073 502 new shares and will therefore only be partially allocated for an aggregate number of 2 639 685 new shares.“The success of the capital increased launched after the completion of the hybrid bond issuance paves the way to the stabilization of the credit outlook of Alstom. I thank all our shareholders for their support as it opens a new phase of our journey to deliver sustainable financial performance” said Henri Poupart-Lafarge  Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer of AlstomBackground of the share capital increaseThe share capital increase is the final step of the deleveraging plan that also includes:Divestments for ca. €700 million: Sale of TMH for €75 million completed in January 2024 The announced sale of US conventional signalling business to Knorr-Bremse AG  which will generate proceeds of ca. €630 million upon closing expected during Summer 2024The successful placement of €750 million of hybrid bonds with 50% equity content for Moody’s1 announced on May 23rd  2024.The ca. €2.4 billion in aggregate proceeds correspond to ca. €2 billion of deleveraging  considering the hybrid bond’s 50% Moody’s debt content.Ca. €1.2 billion of the proceeds of asset disposals and of the capital markets transactions will be used to repay financial debt by September 2024:repayment of Neu CP of €1 033 millionrepayment of RCF drawings of €175 millionThe remainder of the proceeds will be invested in highly liquid short-term investments (cash equivalent treatment) and will be earmarked for gross debt reduction at maturity.On May 8th Moody’s has reaffirmed Alstom’s Baa3 long-term issuer rating reflecting Alstom’s commitment to implement its €2bn deleveraging plan. As indicated by the rating agency in its rating action  we expect the credit outlook will be lifted immediately from negative to stable with this last step achieved.Alstom will terminate its €2.25 billion credit facility agreement on settlement of the share capital increase.Settlement of the share capital increaseSettlement and delivery of the new shares and beginning of trading on the regulated market of Euronext Paris will take place on June 17th  2024. The new shares will be  as from their issuance date  fully fungible with Alstom’s existing shares and will be traded under the same trading line and ISIN code as Alstom’s existing shares (ISIN code FR0010220475).BNP Paribas  Crédit Agricole CIB  J.P. Morgan and Société Générale acted as Joint Global Coordinators  Lead Managers and Joint Bookrunners  BofA Securities  Citigroup  Mizuho and Natixis acted as Joint Bookrunners and BBVA  CIC and Deutsche Bank acted as Co-Bookrunners.CDPQ and Bpifrance Investissement subscriptionsAs part of the share capital increase:Caisse de dépôt et placement du Québec (“CDPQ”) subscribed to 13 366 510 new ordinary shares for €173.8 million on an irreducible basis and 731 420 2 new ordinary shares for €9.5 million on a reducible basis;new ordinary shares for €9.5 million on a reducible basis; Bpifrance Investissement (in respect of shares held through the SLP3 Lac 1 fund) subscribed to 5 769 094 new ordinary shares for €75.0 million on an irreducible basis and 315 6874 new ordinary shares for €4.1 million on a reducible basis.Impact of the share capital increase on Alstom’s share capitalFollowing the settlement of the share capital increase  Alstom’s share capital will amount to €3 228 044 967 comprised of 461 149 281 shares with a nominal value of €7 each.Based on public information available to date  the allocation of the share capital of the Company following the share capital increase is set out in the below table*:Shareholders Number of ordinary shares % of share capital Number of voting rights % of voting rights CDPQ 80 930 484 17.5% 80 930 484 17.5% Bpifrance Investissement(1) 34 930 254 7.6% 34 930 254 7.6% Public and employees(2) 345 288 543 74.9% 345 288 543 74.9% TOTAL 461 149 281 100% 461 149 281 100% (1) Shares held through the SLP Lac 1 fund(2) Shares held by employees or former employees of the Alstom Group* On the basis of CDPQ and Bpifrance subscriptions on irreducible and reducible basis  and subject to final adjustments linked to the determination of shares subscribed on an irreducible basisLock-up agreementsAlstom has agreed to a lock-up period ending 180 calendar days after the settlement and delivery date of the share capital increase  subject to certain customary exceptions.Each of CDPQ and Bpifrance Investissement (in respect of shares held through the SLP Lac 1 fund) has agreed to a lock-up period ending 180 calendar days after the settlement and delivery date of the share capital increase  subject to certain customary exceptions.Availability of the ProspectusThe prospectus (the “Prospectus”) including (i) the 2023/24 universal registration document (document d’enregistrement universel) of Alstom filed with the AMF on May 15th  2024 under number D.24-0413 and (ii) the amendment to the universal registration document filed with the AMF on May 24th  2024 under number D.24-0413-A01 and (iii) a securities note (note d’opération) (including the summary of the Prospectus) which was filed with the AMF and received approval under number 24-169 dated May 24th  2024 is available on the website of the AMF (www.amf-france.org) and of the Company (www.alstom.com). Copies of the Prospectus are available free of charge at the Alstom’s registered office (48  rue Albert Dhalenne  93400 Saint-Ouen-sur-Seine  France).Financial & legal advisorsPJT Partners and Perella Weinberg Partners acted as financial advisors to Alstom  Cleary Gottlieb Steen & Hamilton LLP acted as legal advisor to Alstom and White & Case LLP acted as legal advisor to the syndicate of banks.1 Alstom will account for the bonds entirely as equity under IFRS.2 Subject to final adjustments linked to the determination of shares subscribed on an irreducible basis3 SLP: Société de libre partenariat4 Subject to final adjustments linked to the determination of shares subscribed on an irreducible basisAbout AlstomAlstom commits to contribute to a low carbon future by developing and promoting innovative and sustainable transportation solutions that people enjoy riding. From high-speed trains  metros  monorails  trams  to turnkey systems  services  infrastructure  signalling and digital mobility  Alstom offers its diverse customers the broadest portfolio in the industry. With its presence in 64 countries and a talent base of over 84 700 people from 184 nationalities  the Company focuses its design  innovation  and project management skills to where mobility solutions are needed most. Listed in France  Alstom generated revenues of €17.6 billion for the fiscal year ending on 31 March 2024.For more information  please visit www.alstom.com Contacts Press:Coralie COLLET - Tel.: +33 (0) 7 63 63 09 62coralie.collet@alstomgroup.comThomas ANTOINE - Tel.: +33 (0) 6 11 47 28 60thomas.antoine@alstomgroup.comInvestor relations:Martin VAUJOUR - Tel.: +33 (0) 6 88 40 17 57martin.vaujour@alstomgroup.comEstelle MATURELL ANDINO - Tel.: +33 (0) 6 71 37 47 56estelle.maturell@alstomgroup.comIMPORTANT INFORMATIONThis press release includes ""forward-looking statements"". All statements other than statements of historical facts included in this press release  including  without limitation  those regarding Alstom’s financial position  business strategy  plans and objectives of management for future operations  are forward-looking statements. Such forward-looking statements involve known and unknown risks  uncertainties and other factors  which may cause the actual results  performance or achievements of Alstom  or industry results  to be materially different from any future results  performance or achievements expressed or implied by such forward-looking statements. Such forward-looking statements are based on numerous assumptions regarding Alstom’s present and future business strategies and the environment in which Alstom will operate in the future. Additional factors could cause actual results  performance or achievements to differ materially.The contents of this press release have been prepared by and are the sole responsibility of Alstom.This press release does not constitute an offer to sell nor a solicitation of an offer to buy  and there has not been any sale of ordinary shares in any state or jurisdiction in which such an offer  solicitation or sale would be unlawful prior to registration or qualification under the securities laws of any such state or jurisdiction.The distribution of this document may  in certain jurisdictions  be restricted by local legislations. Persons into whose possession this document comes are required to inform themselves about and to observe any such potential local restrictions.This press release is an advertisement and not a prospectus within the meaning of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 of the European Parliament and of the Council of June 14  2017 (as amended the “Prospectus Regulation”). Potential investors are advised to read the prospectus before making an investment decision in order to fully understand the potential risks and rewards associated with the decision to invest in the securities. The approval of the prospectus by the AMF should not be understood as an endorsement of the securities offered or admitted to trading on a regulated market.With respect to the member states of the European Economic Area (other than France) and the United Kingdom (each a “Relevant State”)  no action has been undertaken or will be undertaken to make an offer to the public of the securities referred to herein requiring a publication of a prospectus in any Relevant State. As a result  the securities may not and have not been offered in any Relevant State except in accordance with the exemptions set forth in Article 1 (4) of the Prospectus Regulation or under any other circumstances which do not require the publication by Alstom of a prospectus pursuant to Article 3 of the Prospectus Regulation and/or to applicable regulations of that Relevant State.The distribution of this press release has not been made  and has not been approved  by an “authorised person” within the meaning of Article 21(1) of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000. As a consequence  this press release is only being distributed to  and is only directed at  persons in the United Kingdom that (i) are “investment professionals” falling within Article 19(5) of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 (Financial Promotion) Order 2005 (as amended  the “Order”)  (ii) are persons falling within Article 49(2)(a) to (d) (“high net worth companies  unincorporated associations  etc.”) of the Order  or (iii) are persons to whom an invitation or inducement to engage in investment activity (within the meaning of Article 21 of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000) in connection with the issue or sale of any securities may otherwise lawfully be communicated or caused to be communicated (all such persons together being referred to as “Relevant Persons”). Any investment or investment activity to which this document relates is available only to Relevant Persons and will be engaged in only with Relevant Persons. Any person who is not a Relevant Person should not act or rely on this document or any of its contents.This press release does not constitute or form part of any offer of securities for sale or any solicitation to purchase or to subscribe for securities or any solicitation of sale of securities in the United States. The securities referred to herein have not been and will not be registered under the U.S. Securities Act of 1933  as amended (the “Securities Act”) or the law of any State or other jurisdiction of the United States  and may not be offered or sold in the United States absent registration under the Securities Act or pursuant to an exemption from  or in a transaction not subject to  the registration requirements of the Securities Act. Alstom does not intend to register all or any portion of the Securities in the United States under the Securities Act or to conduct a public offering of the Securities in the United States.This announcement is not  and under no circumstances is it to be construed as  a prospectus  offering memorandum  advertisement or an offer to sell or solicitation of an offer to buy any of the securities referred to herein in Canada. Any offering in Canada has been made on a private placement basis only to purchasers purchasing  or deemed to be purchasing  as principal that are accredited investors  as defined in National Instrument 45-106 Prospectus Exemptions or subsection 73.3(1) of the Securities Act (Ontario)  and are permitted clients  as defined in National Instrument 31-103 Registration Requirements  Exemptions and Ongoing Registrant Obligations.This announcement may not be published  forwarded or distributed  directly or indirectly  in the United States of America  Canada  Australia or Japan.Alstom  as well as BNP Paribas  Crédit Agricole CIB  J.P. Morgan  Société Générale  BofA Securities  Citibank  Mizuho  Natixis  BBVA  CIC and Deutsche Bank (together  the “Underwriters”) and any of their respective affiliates expressly disclaim any obligation or undertaking to update or revise any forward-looking statements contained in this press release  whether as a result of new information  future developments or otherwise.The Underwriters are acting exclusively for Alstom and no one else in connection with the offer of new shares and will not regard any other person as their respective clients and will not be responsible to anyone other than Alstom for providing the protections afforded to their respective clients in connection with any offer of new shares of Alstom or otherwise  nor for providing any advice in relation to the offer of new shares  the content of this press release or any transaction  arrangement or other matter referred to herein.In connection with the offering of ordinary shares of Alstom  the Underwriters and any of their affiliates may take up a portion of the ordinary shares as a principal position and in that capacity may retain  purchase  sell  offer to sell for their own accounts such shares and other securities of the Alstom or related investments in connection with the offer of ordinary shares of Alstom or otherwise. Accordingly  references in the Prospectus to the new ordinary shares being issued  offered  subscribed  acquired  placed or otherwise dealt in should be read as including any issue or offer to  or subscription  acquisition  placing or dealing by the Underwriters and any of their affiliates acting in such capacity. In addition  the Underwriters and any of their affiliates may enter into financing arrangements (including swaps  warrants or contracts for differences) with investors in connection with which they may from time to time acquire  hold or dispose of shares. The Underwriters do not intend to disclose the extent of any such investment or transactions otherwise than in accordance with any legal or regulatory obligations to do so.None of the Underwriters or any of their respective directors  officers  employees  advisers or agents accepts any responsibility or liability whatsoever for or makes any representation or warranty  express or implied  as to the truth  accuracy or completeness of the information in this press release (or whether any information has been omitted from this press release) or any other information relating to Alstom  its subsidiaries or associated companies  whether written  oral or in a visual or electronic form  and howsoever transmitted or made available or for any loss howsoever arising from any use of this announcement or its contents or otherwise arising in connection therewith.Attachment",positive,0.49,0.49,0.01,mixed,0.53,0.22,0.25,True,English,"['share capital increase', 'preferential subscription rights', '2 billion deleveraging plan', 'final step', 'ALSTOM SA', 'success', 'Société Générale', 'Caisse de dépôt', 'US conventional signalling business', 'Crédit Agricole CIB', 'Baa3 long-term issuer rating', '€2.25 billion credit facility agreement', 'shareholders’ preferential subscription rights', 'J.P. Morgan', 'unit subscription price', 'high subscription rate', 'Chief Executive Officer', 'liquid short-term investments', 'cash equivalent treatment', 'SLP3 Lac 1 fund', 'capital markets transactions', 'share capital increase', 'sustainable financial performance', 'Joint Global Coordinators', '€2 billion deleveraging plan', 'gross debt reduction', 'same trading line', '€2bn deleveraging plan', 'Bpifrance Investissement subscriptions', 'share capital Number', '13,366,510 new ordinary shares', '731,420 2 new ordinary shares', '5,769,094 new ordinary shares', '315,6874 new ordinary shares', 'final gross proceeds', 'subscription period', 'voting rights', 'credit outlook', 'rating agency', 'rating action', '74,218,528 new shares', '59,073,502 new shares', '2,639,685 new shares', 'financial debt', 'new phase', 'final step', 'existing shares', 'par value', 'June 10th', 'irreducible basis', 'aggregate number', 'Henri Poupart-Lafarge', 'Knorr-Bremse AG', 'asset disposals', 'Neu CP', 'RCF drawings', 'last step', 'regulated market', 'Euronext Paris', 'June 17th', 'ISIN code', 'BNP Paribas', 'Lead Managers', 'Joint Bookrunners', 'BofA Securities', 'Deutsche Bank', 'Québec', 'nominal value', 'public information', 'May 27th', 'bond issuance', 'hybrid bonds', 'May 8th', 'aggregate proceeds', 'total demand', 'successful placement', '50% equity content', 'issuance date', 'issue premium', '76,858,213 shares', '461,149,281 shares', 'Alstom', 'completion', 'amount', 'Results', 'Company', 'orders', 'way', 'stabilization', 'support', 'journey', 'Chairman', 'Board', 'Background', 'Divestments', 'Sale', 'TMH', 'January', 'Summer', 'Moody', 'September', 'repayment', 'remainder', 'maturity', 'commitment', 'settlement', 'delivery', 'beginning', 'Citigroup', 'Mizuho', 'Natixis', 'BBVA', 'CIC', 'CDPQ', 'respect', 'Impact', 'allocation', 'table', 'employees']",2024-06-13,2024-06-14,marketscreener.com
42751,EuroNext,Bing API,https://www.finanznachrichten.de/nachrichten-2024-06/62493290-worldline-sa-2024-general-meeting-approval-of-all-resolutions-399.htm,Worldline SA - 2024 General meeting - Approval of all resolutions,Worldline's Shareholders Meeting and Board of Directors of June 13  2024 Paris La Défense  June 13  2024 - Worldline [Euronext: WLN]  a global leader in payment services held today its Shareholders',"Worldline's Shareholders Meeting andBoard of Directors of June 13  2024Paris La Défense  June 13  2024 - Worldline [Euronext: WLN]  a global leader in payment services held today its Shareholders' Meeting chaired by Mr. Georges Pauget  Interim Chairman of the Board of Directors. Following the Shareholders' Meeting and as announced on March 21  2024  the Board of Directors decided  upon recommendation of the Nomination Committee  to appoint Mr. Wilfried Verstraete as Chairman of the Board of Directors.Shareholders' Meeting held on June 13  2024At today's meeting  shareholders adopted all the resolutions submitted by the Board of Directors  in particular:the Company and consolidated accounts for the financial year ended on December 31 st   2023;  2023; the renewal of the term of office as director of Mrs. Nazan Somer Özelgin and Mr. Daniel Schmucki  for a period of three years;the ratification of the co-optation of Mr. Wilfried Verstraete as director and its re-appointment for a new term of office of three years; andthe appointment of three new directors  Mrs. Agnès Park  Mrs. Sylvia Steinmann andMr. Olivier Gavalda for a period of three years.Following the Shareholders' Meeting  as previously announced  the Board of Directors is now composed of 14 directors  including two employee directors. The Board of Directors comprises 58% independent directors  42% women and 67% directors of foreign nationality (other than the employee directors).Furthermore  the shareholders approved the appointment of Deloitte & Associés as statutory auditors responsible for certifying sustainability information for the remainder of its term of office as statutory auditors  i.e. for a period of four years.The Shareholders' Meeting also approved the components of compensation and benefits for 2023 granted to:Mr. Bernard Bourigeaud  Chairman of the Board of Directors until December 14  2023;Mr. Georges Pauget  Interim Chairman as of December 15  2023;Mr. Gilles Grapinet  Chief Executive Officer; andMr. Marc-Henri Desportes  Deputy Chief Executive Officer.The Shareholders' Meeting also approved the 2024 compensation policies of the corporate officers.The voting results of the Shareholders' Meeting and the full broadcast are available on the Company's website: www.investors.worldline.com/en/general-meeting-of-shareholders.Appointment of Wilfried Verstraete as Chairman of the Board of Directors and governance updateAfter the Shareholders' Meeting  the Board of Directors unanimously decided  upon recommendation of the Nomination Committee:to maintain the separation of the functions of Chairman of the Board of Directors and Chief Executive Officer;to elect Mr. Wilfried Verstraete as Chairman of the Board of Directors; andto confirm Mr. Gilles Grapinet as Chief Executive Officer and Mr. Marc-Henri Desportes as Deputy Chief Executive Officer for their respective current mandate duration.Upon recommendation of the Nomination Committee  the Board of Directors also approved the new composition of its Committees:Audit and Risks Committee: Aldo Cardoso (Chairman)  Mette Kamsvåg  Nazan Somer Özelgin  Sylvia Steinmann and Daniel SchmuckiAldo Cardoso (Chairman)  Mette Kamsvåg  Nazan Somer Özelgin  Sylvia Steinmann and Daniel Schmucki Nomination Committee: Giulia Fitzpatrick (Chairwoman)  Wilfried Verstraete (Vice- Chairman)  Agnès Park and Thierry SommeletGiulia Fitzpatrick (Chairwoman)  Wilfried Verstraete (Vice- Chairman)  Agnès Park and Thierry Sommelet Remuneration Committee: Wilfried Verstraete (Chairman)  Giulia Fitzpatrick(Vice-Chairwoman)  Agnès Park  Thierry Sommelet and Marie-Christine LebertWilfried Verstraete (Chairman)  Giulia Fitzpatrick (Vice-Chairwoman)  Agnès Park  Thierry Sommelet and Marie-Christine Lebert Investment Committee: Daniel Schmucki (Chairman)  Aldo Cardoso  Olivier Gavalda Gilles Grapinet  Mette Kamsvåg  Thierry Sommelet and Wilfried VerstraeteDaniel Schmucki (Chairman)  Aldo Cardoso  Olivier Gavalda  Gilles Grapinet  Mette Kamsvåg  Thierry Sommelet and Wilfried Verstraete CSR Committee: Agnès Park (Chairwoman)  Giulia Fitzpatrick (Vice-Chairwoman) Gilles Grapinet  Sylvia Steinmann and Stephan Van HellemontGeorges Pauget  former Interim Chairman of Worldline's Board of Directors  declared ""Today marks an important date for the Group  with our shareholders giving their full support to a largely renewed governance  carefully designed to support the company's new strategic phase. As interim Chair  it has been a privilege to chair this Board and to support the development of an European leader in its sector through the vision of its management and to work hand in hand with Wilfried Verstraete to insure the transition. In line with its strategic roadmap since its IPO  Worldline has built over time a unique competitive position in the payment industry  with leading products  cutting-edge technology  first-class partners and outstanding teams. I am confident that Wilfried  as new Chair  has all the skills and I wish him every success in his new role to support the company  Worldline CEO  the management team and the employees to fully leverage on these assets  and I wish them all the success for this exciting journey ahead""Wilfried Verstraete  Chairman of Worldline's Board of Director  said ""I am deeply honoured by the confidence that Worldline's shareholders have placed in me today  which led to my nomination as Chairman of the Board. They have also supported the Board's renewed composition  which brings together complementary expertise and oversight  and I would like to thank Georges Pauget for his relentless commitment and support in this transition. In a structurally promising global payments market  I have no doubt that Worldline  which has built up a world class leadership position  has a major role to play  leveraging a strong client base and unique technologies. Together with the Board  I will work closely with the CEO and the executive team to deliver on the next phase of our strategy and to ensure enhanced value creation for all stakeholders.""ContactsInvestor RelationsLaurent Marielaurent.marie@worldline.comGuillaume Delaunayguillaume.delaunay@worldline.comCommunicationSandrine van der Ghinst+32 499 585 380sandrine.vanderghinst@worldline.comHélène Carlander+33 7 72 25 96 04helene.carlander@worldline.comAbout WorldlineWorldline [Euronext: WLN] helps businesses of all shapes and sizes to accelerate their growth journey - quickly  simply  and securely. With advanced payments technology  local expertise and solutions customised for hundreds of markets and industries  Worldline powers the growth of over one million businesses around the world. Worldline generated a 4.6 billion euros revenue in 2023. worldline.comWorldline's corporate purpose (""raison d'être"") is to design and operate leading digital payment and transactional solutions that enable sustainable economic growth and reinforce trust and security in our societies. Worldline makes them environmentally friendly  widely accessible  and supports social transformation.",neutral,0.01,0.98,0.0,positive,0.84,0.15,0.01,True,English,"['Worldline SA', '2024 General meeting', 'Approval', 'resolutions', 'Paris La Défense', 'Mrs. Nazan Somer Özelgin', 'Marie-Christine Lebert Investment Committee', 'Mrs. Agnès Park', 'Deputy Chief Executive Officer', 'Wilfried Verstraete CSR Committee', 'Thierry Sommelet Remuneration Committee', 'Daniel Schmucki Nomination Committee', 'Mr. Bernard Bourigeaud', 'Mr. Marc-Henri Desportes', 'current mandate duration', 'Mette Kamsvåg', 'Stephan Van Hellemont', 'unique competitive position', 'Mr. Georges Pauget', 'Mr. Daniel Schmucki', 'Mrs. Sylvia Steinmann', 'new strategic phase', 'Mr. Gilles Grapinet', 'Mr. Wilfried Verstraete', 'Mr. Olivier Gavalda', ""The Shareholders' Meeting"", 'two employee directors', 'former Interim Chairman', 'three new directors', 'Associés', 'Risks Committee', 'strategic roadmap', 'new composition', 'new Chair', 'new role', 'three years', 'global leader', 'payment services', 'financial year', 'foreign nationality', 'statutory auditors', 'sustainability information', 'four years', 'corporate officers', 'voting results', 'full broadcast', 'Aldo Cardoso', 'Giulia Fitzpatrick', 'important date', 'full support', 'European leader', 'payment industry', 'leading products', 'cutting-edge technology', 'first-class partners', 'outstanding teams', 'Shareholders Meeting', 'new term', '2024 compensation policies', 'governance update', 'Vice- Chairman', '58% independent directors', '14 directors', '67% directors', 'Worldline', 'Board', 'June', 'Euronext', 'WLN', 'March', 'recommendation', 'today', 'resolutions', 'Company', 'accounts', 'December 31', 'renewal', 'period', 'ratification', 'optation', 'appointment', '42% women', 'Deloitte', 'remainder', 'components', 'benefits', 'website', 'investors', 'separation', 'functions', 'respective', 'Committees', 'Chairwoman', 'Group', 'privilege', 'development', 'sector', 'vision', 'management', 'hand', 'transition', 'IPO', 'time', 'skills', 'success']",2024-06-06,2024-06-14,finanznachrichten.de
42752,EuroNext,Bing API,https://news.europawire.eu/barco-teams-up-with-microsoft-to-enhance-clickshare-solutions-for-hybrid-meetings/eu-press-release/2024/06/14/16/44/32/137095/,Barco Teams Up with Microsoft to Enhance ClickShare Solutions for Hybrid Meetings,Barco has announced a strategic partnership with Microsoft to develop its next-generation ClickShare solutions using the Microsoft Device Ecosyst,(IN BRIEF) Barco has announced a strategic partnership with Microsoft to develop its next-generation ClickShare solutions using the Microsoft Device Ecosystem Platform. This platform  renowned for its security and enterprise functionalities  will enhance ClickShare’s user experience and simplicity in hybrid meeting solutions. Barco aims to leverage Microsoft’s expertise to innovate further and cater to the evolving needs of BYOD environments with ClickShare Conference  already widely adopted globally.(PRESS RELEASE) KORTRIJK  14-Jun-2024 — /EuropaWire/ — Barco  a global leader in meeting room technology  has announced its strategic move to develop future-generation ClickShare solutions using the Microsoft Device Ecosystem Platform. This platform  known for its built-in security features and enterprise-grade functionalities  will empower Barco to enhance ClickShare’s renowned simplicity and user experience.By leveraging the Android-based Microsoft Device Ecosystem Platform  Barco aims to innovate and deliver intuitive hybrid meeting solutions. This collaboration underscores Barco’s commitment to continuously improve ClickShare  ensuring it meets the evolving needs of users in BYOD (Bring Your Own Device) environments. ClickShare Conference  already trusted by over 270 000 devices worldwide  enables seamless video calls from personal laptops using preferred conferencing platforms and meeting room AV equipment.Jan van Houtte  EVP Meeting Experience at Barco  emphasized  “ClickShare remains dedicated to delivering a premium  user-friendly meeting experience. Partnering with Microsoft allows us to integrate enhanced security  manageability  and AI capabilities into our solutions  paving the way for future innovations.”Juha Kuosmanen  Head of MDEP at Microsoft  commented  “Microsoft is pleased to welcome Barco into our Device Ecosystem Platform community. This collaboration aligns with our shared commitment to privacy  accessibility  and manageability excellence. We look forward to supporting Barco as they continue to drive innovation in collaboration technology.”As Barco moves forward with this partnership  it plans to engage closely with its community of customers and partners to co-create future advancements in meeting room technology.About BarcoBarco  headquartered in Kortrijk (Belgium)  is a global company leading in visualization  networking  and collaboration technology. Its innovative solutions drive advancements in the healthcare  enterprise  and entertainment markets. At the heart of Barco’s success are over 3 000 dedicated ‘visioneers’  each passionately contributing to driving change through technology.Listed on Euronext (BAR)  Reuters (BARBt.BR)  and Bloomberg (BAR BB)  Barco realized sales of 1 050 million euro in 2023. For further insights  please visit www.barco.com or connect on X  LinkedIn  YouTube  Instagram  and Facebook.Barco. Visioneering a bright tomorrow. © 2024Media Contact:Yannic LaleeuweMarketing Director  Meeting Experience+32 473 869453yannic.laleeuwe@barco.comSOURCE: Barco,neutral,0.21,0.79,0.01,positive,0.74,0.25,0.01,True,English,"['ClickShare Solutions', 'Hybrid Meetings', 'Barco', 'Microsoft', 'Android-based Microsoft Device Ecosystem Platform', 'meeting room AV equipment', 'premium, user-friendly meeting experience', 'Device Ecosystem Platform community', 'intuitive hybrid meeting solutions', 'Yannic Laleeuwe Marketing Director', 'seamless video calls', 'preferred conferencing platforms', 'Jan van Houtte', 'EVP Meeting Experience', 'meeting room technology', 'next-generation ClickShare solutions', 'future-generation ClickShare solutions', 'Own Device', 'innovative solutions', 'user experience', 'IN BRIEF', 'evolving needs', 'PRESS RELEASE', 'global leader', 'strategic move', 'enterprise-grade functionalities', 'personal laptops', 'AI capabilities', 'future innovations', 'Juha Kuosmanen', 'global company', 'entertainment markets', '3,000 dedicated ‘visioneers', 'BARBt.BR', 'bright tomorrow', 'Media Contact', 'ClickShare Conference', 'collaboration technology', 'strategic partnership', 'enterprise functionalities', 'security features', 'renowned simplicity', 'manageability excellence', 'future advancements', 'BAR BB', 'BYOD environments', 'Barco Barco', 'expertise', 'KORTRIJK', 'commitment', 'users', '270,000 devices', 'way', 'Head', 'MDEP', 'privacy', 'accessibility', 'customers', 'Belgium', 'visualization', 'networking', 'healthcare', 'heart', 'success', 'change', 'Euronext', 'Reuters', 'Bloomberg', 'sales', '1,050 million', 'insights', 'LinkedIn', 'YouTube', 'Instagram', 'Facebook', 'SOURCE']",2024-06-14,2024-06-14,news.europawire.eu
42753,EuroNext,Bing API,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/exploring-three-euronext-paris-growth-143355455.html,Exploring Three Euronext Paris Growth Companies With Significant Insider Ownership,Amidst a cautiously optimistic economic climate in Europe  with the ECB's recent interest rate cut signaling a nuanced approach to inflation and monetary policy  investors are keenly observing market dynamics.,Amidst a cautiously optimistic economic climate in Europe  with the ECB's recent interest rate cut signaling a nuanced approach to inflation and monetary policy  investors are keenly observing market dynamics. In this context  exploring growth companies on Euronext Paris with high insider ownership could offer valuable insights into firms that potentially have aligned interests between shareholders and management  fostering robust growth trajectories in these uncertain times.Top 10 Growth Companies With High Insider Ownership In FranceName Insider Ownership Earnings Growth VusionGroup (ENXTPA:VU) 13.5% 25.2% Groupe OKwind Société anonyme (ENXTPA:ALOKW) 24.8% 30.6% WALLIX GROUP (ENXTPA:ALLIX) 19.8% 101.6% La Française de l'Energie (ENXTPA:FDE) 20.1% 37.7% Adocia (ENXTPA:ADOC) 12.1% 104.5% OSE Immunotherapeutics (ENXTPA:OSE) 25.6% 79.3% Icape Holding (ENXTPA:ALICA) 30.2% 26.1% Arcure (ENXTPA:ALCUR) 21.4% 42.4% Munic (ENXTPA:ALMUN) 29.4% 150% MedinCell (ENXTPA:MEDCL) 16.4% 69.2%Click here to see the full list of 22 stocks from our Fast Growing Euronext Paris Companies With High Insider Ownership screener.We're going to check out a few of the best picks from our screener tool.Simply Wall St Growth Rating: ★★★★☆☆Overview: Lectra SA offers industrial intelligence solutions tailored for the fashion  automotive  and furniture industries  with a market capitalization of approximately €1.09 billion.Operations: The company generates revenue from the Americas and Asia-Pacific regions  totaling €170.33 million and €110.28 million respectively.Insider Ownership: 19.6%Lectra  a French company with significant insider ownership  is positioned for robust growth. Analysts predict its earnings will increase by 28.6% annually  outpacing the French market's 11.1%. Although it trades at a substantial 34.8% below estimated fair value  offering good relative value within its sector  concerns arise as its forecasted Return on Equity is relatively low at 13.3%. Recent financial results showed a slight decline in net income despite increased sales  highlighting potential challenges in profitability enhancement.ENXTPA:LSS Earnings and Revenue Growth as at Jun 2024Simply Wall St Growth Rating: ★★★★★☆Overview: MedinCell S.A. is a French pharmaceutical company specializing in the development of long-acting injectable medications across multiple therapeutic areas  with a market capitalization of approximately €435.91 million.Operations: The company generates its revenue primarily from the pharmaceuticals segment  totaling €14.13 million.Story continuesInsider Ownership: 16.4%MedinCell S.A.  a French growth company with significant insider ownership  is navigating a challenging phase with high revenue growth forecasts (40.8% per year) and an expected transition to profitability within three years. Despite recent setbacks in clinical trials  such as the Phase 3 trial for F14 not meeting its primary endpoint  there are positive indicators including substantial improvements in secondary endpoints and a consistent safety profile. The stock is currently trading at 50.6% below its estimated fair value  suggesting potential undervaluation amidst volatility and shareholder dilution over the past year.ENXTPA:MEDCL Earnings and Revenue Growth as at Jun 2024Simply Wall St Growth Rating: ★★★★☆☆Overview: OVH Groupe S.A. offers a range of cloud services and hosting solutions globally  with a market capitalization of approximately €1 billion.Operations: The company generates revenue from three main segments: public cloud (€140.71 million)  private cloud (€514.59 million)  and web cloud (€179.45 million).Insider Ownership: 10.5%OVH Groupe  a French growth company with high insider ownership  is poised for profitability within three years  outpacing average market growth. Despite its revenue growth (10.9% per year) trailing the 20% benchmark for high-growth firms  it surpasses France's market rate (5.8%). Challenges include a low forecasted Return on Equity (3.8%) and significant share price volatility recently. Strategic executive hires aim to bolster innovation and international expansion  reflecting positive development momentum despite financial losses in the latest half-year report.ENXTPA:OVH Ownership Breakdown as at Jun 2024Turning Ideas Into ActionsExplore the 22 names from our Fast Growing Euronext Paris Companies With High Insider Ownership screener here.Hold shares in these firms? Setup your portfolio in Simply Wall St to seamlessly track your investments and receive personalized updates on your portfolio's performance.Elevate your portfolio with Simply Wall St  the ultimate app for investors seeking global market coverage.Looking For Alternative Opportunities?This article by Simply Wall St is general in nature. We provide commentary based on historical data and analyst forecasts only using an unbiased methodology and our articles are not intended to be financial advice. It does not constitute a recommendation to buy or sell any stock  and does not take account of your objectives  or your financial situation. We aim to bring you long-term focused analysis driven by fundamental data. Note that our analysis may not factor in the latest price-sensitive company announcements or qualitative material. Simply Wall St has no position in any stocks mentioned.The analysis only considers stock directly held by insiders. It does not include indirectly owned stock through other vehicles such as corporate and/or trust entities. All forecast revenue and earnings growth rates quoted are in terms of annualised (per annum) growth rates over 1-3 years.Companies discussed in this article include ENXTPA:LSS and ENXTPA:OVH.Have feedback on this article? Concerned about the content? Get in touch with us directly. Alternatively  email editorial-team@simplywallst.com,neutral,0.07,0.93,0.01,mixed,0.19,0.24,0.57,True,English,"['Three Euronext Paris Growth Companies', 'Significant Insider Ownership', 'Name Insider Ownership Earnings Growth VusionGroup', '25.2% Groupe OKwind Société anonyme', 'Fast Growing Euronext Paris Companies', 'Simply Wall St Growth Rating', 'La Française de', 'recent interest rate cut', 'significant share price volatility', 'OVH Groupe S.A.', 'High Insider Ownership screener', 'high revenue growth forecasts', 'Top 10 Growth Companies', 'significant insider ownership', 'OVH Ownership Breakdown', 'optimistic economic climate', 'MedinCell S.A.', 'acting injectable medications', 'multiple therapeutic areas', 'consistent safety profile', 'Strategic executive hires', 'latest half-year report', 'robust growth trajectories', 'average market growth', 'industrial intelligence solutions', 'potential undervaluation amidst', 'good relative value', 'three main segments', 'Recent financial results', 'global market coverage', 'low forecasted Return', 'French growth company', 'French pharmaceutical company', 'positive development momentum', 'screener tool', 'market rate', 'recent setbacks', 'analyst forecasts', 'French market', 'LSS Earnings', 'French company', 'positive indicators', 'hosting solutions', 'fair value', 'three years', 'market dynamics', 'market capitalization', 'MEDCL Earnings', 'financial losses', 'financial advice', 'financial situati', 'nuanced approach', 'monetary policy', 'valuable insights', 'uncertain times', 'WALLIX GROUP', 'Icape Holding', 'full list', 'best picks', 'furniture industries', 'Asia-Pacific regions', 'slight decline', 'net income', 'potential challenges', 'pharmaceuticals segment', 'challenging phase', 'clinical trials', 'Phase 3 trial', 'primary endpoint', 'secondary endpoints', 'shareholder dilution', 'cloud services', 'public cloud', 'private cloud', 'web cloud', 'international expansion', 'personalized updates', 'ultimate app', 'Alternative Opportunities', 'historical data', 'unbiased methodology', 'OSE Immunotherapeutics', 'Lectra SA', 'substantial improvements', 'profitability enhancement', 'past year', 'high-growth firms', 'substantial 34.', 'Europe', 'ECB', 'inflation', 'investors', 'context', 'interests', 'shareholders', 'management', 'France', 'ENXTPA', 'ALOKW', 'Energie', 'FDE', 'Adocia', 'ALICA', 'Arcure', 'ALCUR', 'Munic', 'ALMUN', '22 stocks', 'Overview', 'automotive', 'Operations', 'Americas', 'Analysts', 'sector', 'concerns', 'Equity', 'sales', 'Jun', 'Story', 'transition', 'F14', 'range', '20% benchmark', 'innovation', 'Ideas', 'Actions', '22 names', 'shares', 'portfolio', 'investments', 'performance', 'article', 'nature', 'commentary', 'recommendation', 'account', 'objectives', '19.', '13.']",2024-06-14,2024-06-14,finance.yahoo.com
42754,EuroNext,Bing API,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/exploring-three-euronext-amsterdam-growth-133408125.html,Exploring Three Euronext Amsterdam Growth Companies With High Insider Stakes,As global markets navigate through mixed economic signals and fluctuating interest rates  investors are keenly observing the performance of various sectors and regions. In this context  the Netherlands' market presents unique opportunities ,As global markets navigate through mixed economic signals and fluctuating interest rates  investors are keenly observing the performance of various sectors and regions. In this context  the Netherlands' market presents unique opportunities  particularly in growth companies with high insider ownership which can suggest strong confidence from those closest to the company's operations. In today's investment landscape  understanding the nuances of a company’s structure—such as insider ownership—can be crucial. High insider stakes often align leadership interests with shareholder interests  potentially leading to more prudent management and robust growth trajectories.Top 5 Growth Companies With High Insider Ownership In The NetherlandsName Insider Ownership Earnings Growth BenevolentAI (ENXTAM:BAI) 27.8% 62.8% Envipco Holding (ENXTAM:ENVI) 15.1% 68.9% Ebusco Holding (ENXTAM:EBUS) 31.4% 115.2% MotorK (ENXTAM:MTRK) 35.8% 105.8% Basic-Fit (ENXTAM:BFIT) 12% 66.1% PostNL (ENXTAM:PNL) 30.8% 24.2%Click here to see the full list of 6 stocks from our Fast Growing Euronext Amsterdam Companies With High Insider Ownership screener.Let's dive into some prime choices out of from the screener.Simply Wall St Growth Rating: ★★★★★☆Overview: Envipco Holding N.V. operates in the environmental technology sector  specializing in the design  development  manufacturing  and sale or lease of reverse vending machines for recycling used beverage containers  primarily serving markets in the Netherlands  North America  and Europe with a market capitalization of approximately €354.80 million.Operations: The company generates revenue through the design  development  manufacturing  and sale or lease of reverse vending machines for recycling used beverage containers across the Netherlands  North America  and Europe.Insider Ownership: 15.1%Earnings Growth Forecast: 68.9% p.a.Envipco Holding N.V. has demonstrated a strong turnaround  reporting a significant increase in sales to €27.44 million and transitioning from a net loss to a profit of €0.147 million as of Q1 2024. Despite its highly volatile share price  the company is trading at 75.8% below estimated fair value and shows promising growth prospects with revenue expected to grow at 33.6% per year  outpacing the Dutch market's 9.5%. However  shareholder dilution over the past year raises concerns despite these positive trends.Story continuesENXTAM:ENVI Ownership Breakdown as at Jun 2024Simply Wall St Growth Rating: ★★★★★☆Overview: MotorK plc operates as a software-as-a-service provider for the automotive retail industry across Italy  Spain  France  Germany  and the Benelux Union  with a market capitalization of approximately €255.72 million.Operations: The company generates €42.94 million in revenue from its software and programming segment.Insider Ownership: 35.8%Earnings Growth Forecast: 105.8% p.a.MotorK is poised for notable growth with revenue expected to increase by 24% annually  outstripping the Dutch market's 9.5%. However  challenges persist as the company has experienced shareholder dilution over the past year and is projected to remain unprofitable for three years. Recent leadership changes  including appointing Helen Protopapas as a director and the resignation of Mauro Pretolani  could influence future strategic directions. Despite these hurdles  MotorK's forecasted earnings growth rate stands at a robust 105.85% per year.ENXTAM:MTRK Ownership Breakdown as at Jun 2024Simply Wall St Growth Rating: ★★★★☆☆Overview: PostNL N.V. offers postal and logistics services across the Netherlands  Europe  and globally  with a market capitalization of approximately €0.70 billion.Operations: PostNL's revenue is primarily derived from its Packages and Mail in The Netherlands segments  generating €2.25 billion and €1.35 billion respectively.Insider Ownership: 30.8%Earnings Growth Forecast: 24.2% p.a.PostNL  a Dutch postal service  is navigating a challenging landscape with its recent financial performance showing a decline  as Q1 2024 sales dropped to €763 million from €780 million year-over-year and shifted from a net profit to a loss of €20 million. Despite these hurdles  the company's earnings are projected to grow by 24.23% annually over the next three years  outpacing the broader Dutch market's growth. However  it trades at 48% below its estimated fair value and struggles with high debt levels and share price volatility.ENXTAM:PNL Ownership Breakdown as at Jun 2024Taking AdvantageClick here to access our complete index of 6 Fast Growing Euronext Amsterdam Companies With High Insider Ownership.Already own these companies? Bring clarity to your investment decisions by linking up your portfolio with Simply Wall St  where you can monitor all the vital signs of your stocks effortlessly.Join a community of smart investors by using Simply Wall St. It's free and delivers expert-level analysis on worldwide markets.Seeking Other Investments?This article by Simply Wall St is general in nature. We provide commentary based on historical data and analyst forecasts only using an unbiased methodology and our articles are not intended to be financial advice. It does not constitute a recommendation to buy or sell any stock  and does not take account of your objectives  or your financial situation. We aim to bring you long-term focused analysis driven by fundamental data. Note that our analysis may not factor in the latest price-sensitive company announcements or qualitative material. Simply Wall St has no position in any stocks mentioned.The analysis only considers stock directly held by insiders. It does not include indirectly owned stock through other vehicles such as corporate and/or trust entities. All forecast revenue and earnings growth rates quoted are in terms of annualised (per annum) growth rates over 1-3 years.Companies discussed in this article include ENXTAM:ENVI ENXTAM:PNL andHave feedback on this article? Concerned about the content? Get in touch with us directly. Alternatively  email editorial-team@simplywallst.com,neutral,0.05,0.94,0.01,negative,0.01,0.15,0.84,True,English,"['Three Euronext Amsterdam Growth Companies', 'High Insider Stakes', 'Name Insider Ownership Earnings Growth BenevolentAI', 'Fast Growing Euronext Amsterdam Companies', 'Simply Wall St Growth Rating', 'Envipco Holding N.V.', 'Simply Wall St.', 'High Insider Ownership screener', 'Top 5 Growth Companies', 'Earnings Growth Forecast', 'earnings growth rate', 'robust growth trajectories', 'promising growth prospects', 'High insider stakes', 'high debt levels', 'mixed economic signals', 'fluctuating interest rates', 'environmental technology sector', 'reverse vending machines', 'volatile share price', 'automotive retail industry', 'future strategic directions', 'share price volatility', 'PostNL N.V.', 'Recent leadership changes', 'ENVI Ownership Breakdown', 'MTRK Ownership Breakdown', 'recent financial performance', 'next three years', 'PNL Ownership Breakdown', 'broader Dutch market', 'The Netherlands segments', 'Dutch postal service', 'notable growth', 'Ebusco Holding', 'leadership interests', 'service provider', 'market capitalization', 'various sectors', 'unique opportunities', 'strong confidence', 'investment landscape', 'shareholder interests', 'prudent management', 'full list', 'prime choices', 'beverage containers', 'North America', 'strong turnaround', 'significant increase', 'fair value', 'shareholder dilution', 'positive trends', 'Benelux Union', 'programming segment', 'Helen Protopapas', 'Mauro Pretolani', 'logistics services', 'challenging landscape', 'complete index', 'investment decisions', 'vital signs', 'expert-level analysis', 'Other Investments', 'historical data', 'analyst foreca', ""Netherlands' market"", 'global markets', 'worldwide markets', 'net loss', 'net profit', 'smart investors', 'past year', 'MotorK plc', 'Q1 2024 sales', 'regions', 'context', 'company', 'operations', 'today', 'nuances', 'structure', 'ENXTAM', 'BAI', 'Basic-Fit', 'BFIT', '6 stocks', 'Overview', 'design', 'development', 'manufacturing', 'lease', 'recycling', 'Europe', 'revenue', 'concerns', 'Story', 'Jun', 'software', 'Italy', 'Spain', 'France', 'Germany', 'challenges', 'director', 'resignation', 'hurdles', 'Packages', 'Mail', 'decline', 'Advantage', 'clarity', 'portfolio', 'community', 'article', 'nature', 'commentary', '9.']",2024-06-14,2024-06-14,finance.yahoo.com
42755,EuroNext,Bing API,https://www.finanznachrichten.de/nachrichten-2024-06/62493290-worldline-sa-2024-general-meeting-approval-of-all-resolutions-press-release-399.htm,Worldline SA - 2024 General meeting - Approval of all resolutions - Press Release,Worldline's Shareholders Meeting and Board of Directors of June 13  2024 Paris La Défense  June 13  2024 - Worldline [Euronext: WLN]  a global leader in payment services held today its Shareholders',"Worldline's Shareholders Meeting andBoard of Directors of June 13  2024Paris La Défense  June 13  2024 - Worldline [Euronext: WLN]  a global leader in payment services held today its Shareholders' Meeting chaired by Mr. Georges Pauget  Interim Chairman of the Board of Directors. Following the Shareholders' Meeting and as announced on March 21  2024  the Board of Directors decided  upon recommendation of the Nomination Committee  to appoint Mr. Wilfried Verstraete as Chairman of the Board of Directors.Shareholders' Meeting held on June 13  2024At today's meeting  shareholders adopted all the resolutions submitted by the Board of Directors  in particular:the Company and consolidated accounts for the financial year ended on December 31 st   2023;  2023; the renewal of the term of office as director of Mrs. Nazan Somer Özelgin and Mr. Daniel Schmucki  for a period of three years;the ratification of the co-optation of Mr. Wilfried Verstraete as director and its re-appointment for a new term of office of three years; andthe appointment of three new directors  Mrs. Agnès Park  Mrs. Sylvia Steinmann andMr. Olivier Gavalda for a period of three years.Following the Shareholders' Meeting  as previously announced  the Board of Directors is now composed of 14 directors  including two employee directors. The Board of Directors comprises 58% independent directors  42% women and 67% directors of foreign nationality (other than the employee directors).Furthermore  the shareholders approved the appointment of Deloitte & Associés as statutory auditors responsible for certifying sustainability information for the remainder of its term of office as statutory auditors  i.e. for a period of four years.The Shareholders' Meeting also approved the components of compensation and benefits for 2023 granted to:Mr. Bernard Bourigeaud  Chairman of the Board of Directors until December 14  2023;Mr. Georges Pauget  Interim Chairman as of December 15  2023;Mr. Gilles Grapinet  Chief Executive Officer; andMr. Marc-Henri Desportes  Deputy Chief Executive Officer.The Shareholders' Meeting also approved the 2024 compensation policies of the corporate officers.The voting results of the Shareholders' Meeting and the full broadcast are available on the Company's website: www.investors.worldline.com/en/general-meeting-of-shareholders.Appointment of Wilfried Verstraete as Chairman of the Board of Directors and governance updateAfter the Shareholders' Meeting  the Board of Directors unanimously decided  upon recommendation of the Nomination Committee:to maintain the separation of the functions of Chairman of the Board of Directors and Chief Executive Officer;to elect Mr. Wilfried Verstraete as Chairman of the Board of Directors; andto confirm Mr. Gilles Grapinet as Chief Executive Officer and Mr. Marc-Henri Desportes as Deputy Chief Executive Officer for their respective current mandate duration.Upon recommendation of the Nomination Committee  the Board of Directors also approved the new composition of its Committees:Audit and Risks Committee: Aldo Cardoso (Chairman)  Mette Kamsvåg  Nazan Somer Özelgin  Sylvia Steinmann and Daniel SchmuckiAldo Cardoso (Chairman)  Mette Kamsvåg  Nazan Somer Özelgin  Sylvia Steinmann and Daniel Schmucki Nomination Committee: Giulia Fitzpatrick (Chairwoman)  Wilfried Verstraete (Vice- Chairman)  Agnès Park and Thierry SommeletGiulia Fitzpatrick (Chairwoman)  Wilfried Verstraete (Vice- Chairman)  Agnès Park and Thierry Sommelet Remuneration Committee: Wilfried Verstraete (Chairman)  Giulia Fitzpatrick(Vice-Chairwoman)  Agnès Park  Thierry Sommelet and Marie-Christine LebertWilfried Verstraete (Chairman)  Giulia Fitzpatrick (Vice-Chairwoman)  Agnès Park  Thierry Sommelet and Marie-Christine Lebert Investment Committee: Daniel Schmucki (Chairman)  Aldo Cardoso  Olivier Gavalda Gilles Grapinet  Mette Kamsvåg  Thierry Sommelet and Wilfried VerstraeteDaniel Schmucki (Chairman)  Aldo Cardoso  Olivier Gavalda  Gilles Grapinet  Mette Kamsvåg  Thierry Sommelet and Wilfried Verstraete CSR Committee: Agnès Park (Chairwoman)  Giulia Fitzpatrick (Vice-Chairwoman) Gilles Grapinet  Sylvia Steinmann and Stephan Van HellemontGeorges Pauget  former Interim Chairman of Worldline's Board of Directors  declared ""Today marks an important date for the Group  with our shareholders giving their full support to a largely renewed governance  carefully designed to support the company's new strategic phase. As interim Chair  it has been a privilege to chair this Board and to support the development of an European leader in its sector through the vision of its management and to work hand in hand with Wilfried Verstraete to insure the transition. In line with its strategic roadmap since its IPO  Worldline has built over time a unique competitive position in the payment industry  with leading products  cutting-edge technology  first-class partners and outstanding teams. I am confident that Wilfried  as new Chair  has all the skills and I wish him every success in his new role to support the company  Worldline CEO  the management team and the employees to fully leverage on these assets  and I wish them all the success for this exciting journey ahead""Wilfried Verstraete  Chairman of Worldline's Board of Director  said ""I am deeply honoured by the confidence that Worldline's shareholders have placed in me today  which led to my nomination as Chairman of the Board. They have also supported the Board's renewed composition  which brings together complementary expertise and oversight  and I would like to thank Georges Pauget for his relentless commitment and support in this transition. In a structurally promising global payments market  I have no doubt that Worldline  which has built up a world class leadership position  has a major role to play  leveraging a strong client base and unique technologies. Together with the Board  I will work closely with the CEO and the executive team to deliver on the next phase of our strategy and to ensure enhanced value creation for all stakeholders.""ContactsInvestor RelationsLaurent Marielaurent.marie@worldline.comGuillaume Delaunayguillaume.delaunay@worldline.comCommunicationSandrine van der Ghinst+32 499 585 380sandrine.vanderghinst@worldline.comHélène Carlander+33 7 72 25 96 04helene.carlander@worldline.comAbout WorldlineWorldline [Euronext: WLN] helps businesses of all shapes and sizes to accelerate their growth journey - quickly  simply  and securely. With advanced payments technology  local expertise and solutions customised for hundreds of markets and industries  Worldline powers the growth of over one million businesses around the world. Worldline generated a 4.6 billion euros revenue in 2023. worldline.comWorldline's corporate purpose (""raison d'être"") is to design and operate leading digital payment and transactional solutions that enable sustainable economic growth and reinforce trust and security in our societies. Worldline makes them environmentally friendly  widely accessible  and supports social transformation.",neutral,0.01,0.98,0.01,positive,0.84,0.15,0.01,True,English,"['Worldline SA', '2024 General meeting', 'Press Release', 'Approval', 'resolutions', 'Paris La Défense', 'Mrs. Nazan Somer Özelgin', 'Marie-Christine Lebert Investment Committee', 'Mrs. Agnès Park', 'Deputy Chief Executive Officer', 'Wilfried Verstraete CSR Committee', 'Thierry Sommelet Remuneration Committee', 'Daniel Schmucki Nomination Committee', 'Mr. Bernard Bourigeaud', 'Mr. Marc-Henri Desportes', 'current mandate duration', 'Mette Kamsvåg', 'Stephan Van Hellemont', 'unique competitive position', 'Mr. Georges Pauget', 'Mr. Daniel Schmucki', 'Mrs. Sylvia Steinmann', 'new strategic phase', 'Mr. Gilles Grapinet', 'Mr. Wilfried Verstraete', 'Mr. Olivier Gavalda', ""The Shareholders' Meeting"", 'two employee directors', 'former Interim Chairman', 'three new directors', 'Associés', 'Risks Committee', 'strategic roadmap', 'new composition', 'new Chair', 'new role', 'three years', 'global leader', 'payment services', 'financial year', 'foreign nationality', 'statutory auditors', 'sustainability information', 'four years', 'corporate officers', 'voting results', 'full broadcast', 'Aldo Cardoso', 'Giulia Fitzpatrick', 'important date', 'full support', 'European leader', 'payment industry', 'leading products', 'cutting-edge technology', 'first-class partners', 'outstanding teams', 'Shareholders Meeting', 'new term', '2024 compensation policies', 'governance update', 'Vice- Chairman', '58% independent directors', '14 directors', '67% directors', 'Worldline', 'Board', 'June', 'Euronext', 'WLN', 'March', 'recommendation', 'today', 'resolutions', 'Company', 'accounts', 'December 31', 'renewal', 'period', 'ratification', 'optation', 'appointment', '42% women', 'Deloitte', 'remainder', 'components', 'benefits', 'website', 'investors', 'separation', 'functions', 'respective', 'Committees', 'Chairwoman', 'Group', 'privilege', 'development', 'sector', 'vision', 'management', 'hand', 'transition', 'IPO', 'time', 'skills', 'success']",2024-06-06,2024-06-14,finanznachrichten.de
42756,EuroNext,Bing API,https://uk.finance.yahoo.com/news/euronext-paris-growth-companies-high-060523734.html,Euronext Paris Growth Companies With High Insider Ownership And Up To 40% Revenue Growth,In this context  growth companies on the Euronext Paris with high insider ownership and significant revenue growth present an intriguing avenue for those looking to invest in businesses deeply aligned with management's interests and demonstrating strong ...,Amid a backdrop of mixed global economic signals  with some regions showing signs of growth and others grappling with challenges  the French market remains a focal point for investors seeking robust opportunities. In this context  growth companies on the Euronext Paris with high insider ownership and significant revenue growth present an intriguing avenue for those looking to invest in businesses deeply aligned with management's interests and demonstrating strong performance metrics.Top 10 Growth Companies With High Insider Ownership In FranceName Insider Ownership Earnings Growth VusionGroup (ENXTPA:VU) 13.5% 25.2% Groupe OKwind Société anonyme (ENXTPA:ALOKW) 24.8% 30.6% WALLIX GROUP (ENXTPA:ALLIX) 19.8% 101.6% La Française de l'Energie (ENXTPA:FDE) 20.1% 37.7% Adocia (ENXTPA:ADOC) 12.1% 104.5% OSE Immunotherapeutics (ENXTPA:OSE) 25.6% 79.3% Icape Holding (ENXTPA:ALICA) 30.2% 26.1% Arcure (ENXTPA:ALCUR) 21.4% 42.4% Munic (ENXTPA:ALMUN) 29.4% 150% MedinCell (ENXTPA:MEDCL) 16.4% 69.2%Click here to see the full list of 22 stocks from our Fast Growing Euronext Paris Companies With High Insider Ownership screener.ADVERTISEMENTLet's uncover some gems from our specialized screener.Simply Wall St Growth Rating: ★★★★☆☆Overview: Lectra SA offers industrial intelligence solutions for the fashion  automotive  and furniture sectors with a market capitalization of approximately €1.09 billion.Operations: The company generates revenue from the Americas and Asia-Pacific regions  totaling €170.33 million and €110.28 million respectively.Insider Ownership: 19.6%Revenue Growth Forecast: 11.3% p.a.Lectra  a French growth company with high insider ownership  is currently trading at 34.8% below its estimated fair value. Analysts predict a price increase of 26.6%  indicating potential undervaluation. Despite a modest return on equity forecast of 13.3% in three years  Lectra's revenue and earnings are expected to outpace the French market with annual growth rates of 11.3% and 28.6%  respectively. Recent financial results showed a slight decline in net income despite an increase in sales to €129.56 million from last year's €123.65 million.Story continuesENXTPA:LSS Ownership Breakdown as at Jun 2024Simply Wall St Growth Rating: ★★★★★☆Overview: MedinCell S.A. is a French pharmaceutical company specializing in the development of long-acting injectable medications across multiple therapeutic areas  with a market capitalization of approximately €435.91 million.Operations: The company generates its revenue primarily from the pharmaceuticals segment  totaling €14.13 million.Insider Ownership: 16.4%Revenue Growth Forecast: 40.8% p.a.MedinCell  a French biotech firm with significant insider ownership  is navigating financial challenges with a recent net loss reduction to €25.04 million from €32.01 million year-over-year. Despite setbacks in its Phase 3 trial for F14 not meeting primary endpoints  there were promising improvements in secondary outcomes. The company's revenue growth is projected at 40.8% annually  outpacing the French market significantly. Analysts expect MedinCell's stock price to rise by 28.6%  reflecting optimism about its future profitability and growth trajectory.ENXTPA:MEDCL Earnings and Revenue Growth as at Jun 2024Simply Wall St Growth Rating: ★★★★☆☆Overview: OVH Groupe S.A. is a global provider of public and private cloud services  shared hosting  and dedicated server solutions  with a market capitalization of approximately €1 billion.Operations: The company generates revenue primarily through three segments: Public Cloud (€140.71 million)  Private Cloud (€514.59 million)  and Web Cloud (€179.45 million).Insider Ownership: 10.5%Revenue Growth Forecast: 10.9% p.a.OVH Groupe  a French cloud services provider  is on a path to profitability with expectations of becoming profitable within three years  outpacing average market growth. Despite its highly volatile share price recently  OVH is anticipated to see revenue growth of 10.9% annually  which exceeds the general market's 5.8%. However  its forecasted Return on Equity remains low at 3.8%. Recent executive hires and operational shifts aim to bolster innovation and international expansion amidst these financial dynamics.ENXTPA:OVH Earnings and Revenue Growth as at Jun 2024Next StepsClick here to access our complete index of 22 Fast Growing Euronext Paris Companies With High Insider Ownership.Are these companies part of your investment strategy? Use Simply Wall St to consolidate your holdings into a portfolio and gain insights with our comprehensive analysis tools.Discover a world of investment opportunities with Simply Wall St's free app and access unparalleled stock analysis across all markets.Ready For A Different Approach?This article by Simply Wall St is general in nature. We provide commentary based on historical data and analyst forecasts only using an unbiased methodology and our articles are not intended to be financial advice. It does not constitute a recommendation to buy or sell any stock  and does not take account of your objectives  or your financial situation. We aim to bring you long-term focused analysis driven by fundamental data. Note that our analysis may not factor in the latest price-sensitive company announcements or qualitative material. Simply Wall St has no position in any stocks mentioned.The analysis only considers stock directly held by insiders. It does not include indirectly owned stock through other vehicles such as corporate and/or trust entities. All forecast revenue and earnings growth rates quoted are in terms of annualised (per annum) growth rates over 1-3 years.Companies discussed in this article include ENXTPA:LSS ENXTPA:MEDCL and ENXTPA:OVH.Have feedback on this article? Concerned about the content? Get in touch with us directly. Alternatively  email editorial-team@simplywallst.com,neutral,0.07,0.93,0.01,mixed,0.12,0.23,0.64,True,English,"['Euronext Paris Growth Companies', 'To 40% Revenue Growth', 'High Insider Ownership', 'Up', 'Name Insider Ownership Earnings Growth VusionGroup', '25.2% Groupe OKwind Société anonyme', 'Fast Growing Euronext Paris Companies', 'Simply Wall St Growth Rating', 'La Française de', 'mixed global economic signals', 'recent net loss reduction', 'OVH Groupe S.A.', 'High Insider Ownership screener', 'French cloud services provider', 'Recent executive hires', 'Top 10 Growth Companies', 'significant insider ownership', 'LSS Ownership Breakdown', 'annual growth rates', 'strong performance metrics', 'industrial intelligence solutions', 'acting injectable medications', 'multiple therapeutic areas', 'dedicated server solutions', 'comprehensive analysis tools', 'French biotech firm', 'private cloud services', 'Recent financial results', 'MedinCell S.A.', 'volatile share price', 'average market growth', 'significant revenue growth', 'unparalleled stock analysis', 'Revenue Growth Forecast', 'French growth company', 'French pharmaceutical company', 'global provider', 'growth trajectory', 'specialized screener', 'net income', 'OVH Earnings', 'French market', 'Web Cloud', 'stock price', 'equity forecast', 'MEDCL Earnings', 'financial dynamics', 'financial advice', 'market capitalization', 'general market', 'Public Cloud', 'focal point', 'robust opportunities', 'intriguing avenue', 'WALLIX GROUP', 'Icape Holding', 'full list', 'furniture sectors', 'fair value', 'potential undervaluation', 'three years', 'slight decline', 'pharmaceuticals segment', 'Phase 3 trial', 'primary endpoints', 'promising improvements', 'secondary outcomes', 'three segments', 'operational shifts', 'international expansion', 'Next Steps', 'complete index', 'investment strategy', 'investment opportunities', 'free app', 'Different Approach', 'historical data', 'analyst forecasts', 'unbiased methodology', 'price increase', 'financial challenges', 'OSE Immunotherapeutics', 'Asia-Pacific regions', 'modest return', 'last year', 'future profitability', 'Lectra SA', 'backdrop', 'signs', 'others', 'investors', 'context', 'businesses', 'management', 'interests', 'France', 'ENXTPA', 'ALOKW', 'Energie', 'FDE', 'Adocia', 'ALICA', 'Arcure', 'ALCUR', 'Munic', 'ALMUN', '22 stocks', 'ADVERTISEMENT', 'gems', 'Overview', 'automotive', 'Operations', 'Americas', 'Analysts', 'sales', 'Story', 'Jun', 'development', 'setbacks', 'F14', 'optimism', 'hosting', 'path', 'expectations', 'innovation', 'holdings', 'portfolio', 'insights', 'world', 'markets', 'article', 'nature', 'commentary', 'recommendation', 'acco']",2024-06-14,2024-06-14,uk.finance.yahoo.com
42757,EuroNext,Bing API,https://markets.businessinsider.com/news/stocks/onward-medical-announces-results-of-annual-general-meeting-of-shareholders-1033477964,ONWARD® Medical Announces Results of Annual General Meeting of Shareholders,THIS PRESS RELEASE CONTAINS INSIDE INFORMATION WITHIN THE MEANING OF ARTICLE 7(1) OF THE EUROPEAN MARKET ABUSE REGULATION (596/2014)Shareholders,THIS PRESS RELEASE CONTAINS INSIDE INFORMATION WITHIN THE MEANING OF ARTICLE 7(1) OF THE EUROPEAN MARKET ABUSE REGULATION (596/2014)Shareholders approve all proposed resolutionsEINDHOVEN  the Netherlands  June 13  2024 (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) -- ONWARD Medical N.V. (Euronext: ONWD)  the medical technology company creating innovative spinal cord stimulation therapies to restore movement  function  and independence in people with spinal cord injury (SCI)  today announces all proposed resolutions at its Annual General Meeting of Shareholders (AGM) were duly passed. The meeting was held this afternoon in Amsterdam  the Netherlands at 4.00 p.m. CEST. Full details of the resolutions approved during the AGM can be found on IR.ONWD.com.To learn more about ONWARD Medical’s commitment to partnering with the SCI Community to develop innovative solutions for restoring movement  function  and independence after spinal cord injury  please visit ONWD.com.*All ONWARD® Medical devices and therapies  including but not limited to ARC-IM®  ARC-EX®  ARC-BCI™  and ARC Therapy™  alone or in combination with a brain-computer interface (BCI)  are investigational and not available for commercial use.About ONWARD MedicalONWARD® Medical is a medical technology company creating therapies to restore movement  function  and independence in people with spinal cord injury (SCI) and movement disabilities. Building on more than a decade of scientific discovery  preclinical  and clinical research conducted at leading hospitals  rehabilitation clinics  and neuroscience laboratories  the Company has developed ARC Therapy™  which has been awarded ten Breakthrough Device Designations from the US Food and Drug Administration (FDA).ONWARD ARC Therapy is targeted  programmed spinal cord stimulation designed to be delivered by the Company’s external ARC-EX® or implantable ARC-IM® platforms. ARC Therapy can also be delivered by the Company’s ARC-BCI™ platform  which pairs the ARC-IM System with brain-computer interface (BCI) technology to restore movement after SCI with thought-driven control.Use of non-invasive ARC-EX Therapy significantly improved upper limb function after SCI in the global pivotal Up-LIFT trial  with results published by Nature Medicine in May 2024. The Company has submitted its regulatory application to the FDA for clearance of the ARC-EX System in the US and is preparing for regulatory submission in Europe. In parallel  the Company is conducting clinical studies with its ARC-IM Therapy  which demonstrated positive interim clinical outcomes for improved blood pressure regulation following SCI. Other ongoing clinical studies focus on using ARC-IM Therapy to address mobility after SCI and gait challenges in Parkinson’s disease as well as using the ARC-BCI platform to restore thought-driven movement of both upper and lower limbs after SCI.Headquartered in Eindhoven  the Netherlands  ONWARD Medical has a Science and Engineering Center in Lausanne  Switzerland and a US office in Boston  Massachusetts. The Company is listed on Euronext Brussels and Amsterdam (ticker: ONWD).For more information  visit ONWD.com  and connect with us on LinkedIn and YouTube.For Media Inquiries:Aditi Roy  VP Communicationsmedia@onwd.comFor Investor Inquiries:Amori Fraser  Finance Directorinvestors@onwd.comDisclaimerCertain statements  beliefs  and opinions in this press release are forward-looking  which reflect the Company’s or  as appropriate  the Company directors’ current expectations and projections about future events. By their nature  forward-looking statements involve several risks  uncertainties  and assumptions that could cause actual results or events to differ materially from those expressed or implied by the forward-looking statements. These risks  uncertainties  and assumptions could adversely affect the outcome and financial effects of the plans and events described herein. A multitude of factors including  but not limited to  changes in demand  competition  and technology  can cause actual events  performance  or results to differ significantly from any anticipated development. Forward-looking statements contained in this press release regarding past trends or activities should not be taken as a representation that such trends or activities will continue in the future. As a result  the Company expressly disclaims any obligation or undertaking to release any update or revisions to any forward-looking statements in this press release as a result of any change in expectations or any change in events  conditions  assumptions  or circumstances on which these forward-looking statements are based. Neither the Company nor its advisers or representatives nor any of its subsidiary undertakings or any such person’s officers or employees guarantees that the assumptions underlying such forward-looking statements are free from errors nor does either accept any responsibility for the future accuracy of the forward-looking statements contained in this press release or the actual occurrence of the forecasted developments. You should not place undue reliance on forward-looking statements  which speak only as of the date of this press release. All ONWARD Medical devices and therapies referenced here  including but not limited to ARC-IM®  ARC-EX®  ARC-BCI™ and ARC Therapy™  are investigational and not available for commercial use.,neutral,0.04,0.95,0.01,negative,0.01,0.23,0.77,True,English,"['Annual General Meeting', 'ONWARD® Medical', 'Results', 'Shareholders', 'innovative spinal cord stimulation therapies', 'ten Breakthrough Device Designations', 'global pivotal Up-LIFT trial', 'EUROPEAN MARKET ABUSE REGULATION', 'positive interim clinical outcomes', 'Other ongoing clinical studies', 'ONWARD Medical N.V.', 'spinal cord injury', 'blood pressure regulation', 'ONWARD® Medical devices', 'Annual General Meeting', 'implantable ARC-IM® platforms', 'non-invasive ARC-EX Therapy', 'ONWARD ARC Therapy', 'upper limb function', 'medical technology company', 'innovative solutions', 'clinical research', 'ARC Therapy™', 'ARC-IM Therapy', 'PRESS RELEASE', 'GLOBE NEWSWIRE', 'Full details', 'brain-computer interface', 'a decade', 'scientific discovery', 'leading hospitals', 'rehabilitation clinics', 'neuroscience laboratories', 'Drug Administration', 'external ARC-EX®', 'ARC-IM System', 'driven control', 'regulatory application', 'ARC-EX System', 'regulatory submission', 'gait challenges', 'lower limbs', 'Engineering Center', 'Media Inquiries', 'Aditi Roy', 'VP Communications', 'Investor Inquiries', 'Amori Fraser', 'Finance Director', 'financial effects', 'subsidiary undertakings', 'actual occurrence', 'forward-looking statements', 'BCI) technology', 'US Food', 'ARC-BCI™ platform', 'ARC-BCI platform', 'US office', 'future accuracy', 'INSIDE INFORMATION', 'commercial use', 'Nature Medicine', 'Euronext Brussels', 'current expectations', 'several risks', 'past trends', 'actual events', 'movement disabilities', 'thought-driven movement', 'actual results', 'The Company', 'SCI Community', 'future events', 'MEANING', 'ARTICLE', 'Shareholders', 'resolutions', 'EINDHOVEN', 'Netherlands', 'ONWD', 'independence', 'people', 'AGM', 'Amsterdam', 'CEST', 'commitment', 'combination', 'preclinical', 'FDA', 'May', 'clearance', 'parallel', 'mobility', 'Parkinson', 'disease', 'Lausanne', 'Switzerland', 'Boston', 'Massachusetts', 'ticker', 'LinkedIn', 'YouTube', 'Disclaimer', 'beliefs', 'opinions', 'projections', 'uncertainties', 'assumptions', 'plans', 'multitude', 'factors', 'changes', 'demand', 'competition', 'performance', 'development', 'activities', 'representation', 'obligation', 'update', 'revisions', 'conditions', 'circumstances', 'advisers', 'representatives', 'person', 'officers', 'employees', 'errors', 'responsibility', '4.00']",2024-06-13,2024-06-14,markets.businessinsider.com
