UID,Searchword,API,URL,Title,Summary,Article,Title_Sentiment,Title_Positive,Title_Neutral,Title_Negative,Article_Sentiment,Article_Positive,Article_Neutral,Article_Negative,Verified,Language,Topics,Date,Load_Date,Source
48961,Euroclear,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2025/02/19/3028470/0/en/Notice-of-Marimekko-Corporation-s-Annual-General-Meeting.html,Notice of Marimekko Corporation’s Annual General Meeting,Marimekko Corporation  Stock Exchange Release  19 February 2025 at 8.40 a.m. EET  Notice of Marimekko Corporation’s Annual General Meeting  The Annual......,Marimekko Corporation  Stock Exchange Release  19 February 2025 at 8.40 a.m. EETNotice of Marimekko Corporation’s Annual General MeetingThe Annual General Meeting of Marimekko Corporation will be held on Tuesday 15 April 2025 at 2.00 p.m. (EEST) at Little Finlandia  at the address Karamzininranta 4  00100 Helsinki. The registration of attendees and the distribution of voting slips will commence at the meeting venue at 1.00 p.m. (EEST).Shareholders can also exercise their voting rights by voting in advance. In addition  it is possible to follow the Annual General Meeting online via webcast on the company’s website at https://company.marimekko.com/investors/management/general-meeting/annual-general-meeting-2025/. For further instructions  please refer to Section C “Instructions for the participants of the Annual General Meeting” of this notice.A. Matters on the agenda of the Annual General Meeting1. Opening of the meeting2. Calling the meeting to order3. Election of persons to scrutinize the minutes and supervise the counting of votes4. Recording the legality of the meeting5. Recording the attendance at the meeting and adoption of the list of votes6. Presentation of the financial statements  the report of the Board of Directors  the auditor’s report and the assurance report on sustainability reporting for 2024Review by the President and CEO.The company’s financial statements  the report of the Board of Directors (including the sustainability report)  the auditor’s report and the assurance report on sustainability reporting will be made available on 25 March 2025 at the latest on the company’s website at https://company.marimekko.com/investors/management/general-meeting/annual-general-meeting-2025/.7. Adoption of the financial statements8. Resolution on the use of the profit shown on the balance sheet and the payment of dividendOn 31 December 2024  the parent company’s distributable funds amounted to EUR 70 604 754.43 of which EUR 25 011 306.84 was profit for the financial year 2024. The Board of Directors proposes to the Annual General Meeting that a regular dividend of EUR 0.40 and an extraordinary dividend of 0.25 per share be paid for the financial year 2024. The total amount of the proposed dividend is approximately EUR 26.3 million  and the remaining funds are to be retained in equity.The Board of Directors proposes that the dividend will be paid to shareholders who are registered on the dividend payout record date of 17 April 2025 in the company’s shareholder register held by Euroclear Finland Ltd on behalf of the Board of Directors of the company. The Board of Directors proposes 28 April 2025 as the dividend payout date. No substantial changes in the company’s financial position have occurred after the end of the financial year. The company’s liquidity is good and  in the view of the Board of Directors  the proposed dividend payout does not jeopardize the company’s solvency.9. Resolution on the discharge of the members of the Board of Directors and the President and CEO of the company from liability for the financial year 1 January–31 December 202410. Consideration of the remuneration report for governing bodiesThe remuneration report for 2024  prepared in accordance with the remuneration policy adopted on 16 April 2024 by the company’s Annual General Meeting  will be available on 25 March 2025 at the latest on the company’s website at https://company.marimekko.com/investors/management/general-meeting/annual-general-meeting-2025/ .The Board of Directors proposes that the Annual General Meeting adopt the company’s remuneration report for governing bodies as an advisory resolution.11. Resolution on the remuneration of the members of the Board of DirectorsShareholders representing in total approximately 27 percent of all the shares and votes of Marimekko Corporation have proposed to the Annual General Meeting  on the basis of the proposal of the Audit and Remuneration Committee  that the fees payable to the members and the Chair of the Board would remain unchanged from 2024 and be as follows: an annual remuneration of EUR 55 000 would be paid to the Chair  EUR 40 000 to the Vice Chair and EUR 30 000 to the other Board members. Board members who reside outside Finland would receive EUR 1 000 per Board meeting where they are physically present. In addition  it is proposed that a separate remuneration be paid for committee work to persons elected to a committee as follows: EUR 2 000 per meeting to Chair and EUR 1 000 per meeting to members. The fees for committee work would remain unchanged from 2024.The above-mentioned shareholders have also proposed  based on the proposal of the Audit and Remuneration Committee  that approximately 40 percent of the annual remuneration of the members of the Board of Directors would be paid in Marimekko Corporation’s shares acquired from the market and the rest in cash. The shares would be acquired directly on behalf of the Board members within two weeks from the release of the interim report for 1 January–31 March 2025 or at the first time as possible under applicable legislation. The annual remuneration would be paid entirely in cash  if a Board member on the date of the Annual General Meeting  15 April 2025  holds the company’s shares worth more than EUR 1 000 000.If Mika Ihamuotila is elected a member and Chair of the Board of Directors as proposed in the section 13 of this notice in addition to the aforementioned annual remuneration  a monthly fee of EUR 5 000 for half-time duty pursuant to a separate executive service agreement will be paid. The fee is unchanged from 2024. The Audit and Remuneration Committee separately evaluates the terms of the service agreement  but Mika Ihamuotila will not take part in the evaluation. If Mika Ihamuotila is elected as a member of the Audit and Remuneration Committee  he will not receive the separate remuneration for committee work.12. Resolution on the number of members of the Board of DirectorsShareholders representing in total approximately 27 percent of all the shares and votes of Marimekko Corporation have proposed to the Annual General Meeting that six (6) members be elected to the Board of Directors.13. Election of the members of the Board of DirectorsShareholders representing in total approximately 27 percent of all the shares and votes of Marimekko Corporation have proposed to the Annual General Meeting that Massimiliano Brunazzo  Carol Chen  Mika Ihamuotila  Teemu Kangas-Kärki  Tomoki Takebayashi and Marianne Vikkula be re-elected to the Board of Directors.Massimiliano Brunazzo  Carol Chen  Teemu Kangas-Kärki  Tomoki Takebayashi and Marianne Vikkula are independent of the company and its significant shareholders according to the evaluation of the above-mentioned shareholders. Mika Ihamuotila is not independent of the company nor its significant shareholders due to his indirect shareholding through PowerBank Ventures Ltd  equaling 12.5 percent of the shares and votes in the company.The proposed Board members have informed the company that  if they are elected  they intend to elect Mika Ihamuotila as Chair of the Board and Teemu Kangas-Kärki as Vice Chair of the Board as well as Teemu Kangas-Kärki as Chair and Mika Ihamuotila and Marianne Vikkula as members of the Audit and Remuneration Committee.All proposed persons have given their consent to the election. The term of all the Board members ends at the end of the Annual General Meeting of 2026. Biographical details of the proposed members of the Board of Directors are available on the company’s website at https://company.marimekko.com/investors/management/board-of-directors.14. Resolution on the remuneration of the auditorIn accordance with the recommendation of the Audit and Remuneration Committee  the Board of Directors proposes to the Annual General Meeting that the auditor’s remuneration be paid as per invoice approved by the company.15. Election of the auditorIn accordance with the recommendation of the Audit and Remuneration Committee  the Board of Directors proposes to the Annual General Meeting that KPMG Oy Ab  Authorized Public Accountants  be re-elected as the company’s auditor. KPMG Oy Ab has informed that Heli Tuuri  Authorized Public Accountant  KHT  would act as the principal auditor.16. Resolution on the remuneration of the sustainability reporting assurance providerIn accordance with the recommendation of the Audit and Remuneration Committee  the Board of Directors proposes to the Annual General Meeting that the remuneration of the sustainability reporting assurance provider be paid as per invoice approved by the company.17. Election of the sustainability reporting assurance providerIn accordance with the recommendation of the Audit and Remuneration Committee  the Board of Directors proposes to the Annual General Meeting that KPMG Oy Ab  be elected as the company’s sustainability reporting assurance provider. KPMG Oy Ab has informed that Heli Tuuri  (ASA)  would act as the Authorized Sustainability Auditor having principal responsibility.18. Amendment of the Articles of AssociationThe Board of Directors proposes that a new Article 8 concerning the appointment of a sustainability assurance provider be added to the Articles of Association  and that the numbering of the subsequent articles be updated accordingly. Additionally  the Board of Directors proposes that Article 10 (renumbered as Article 11 following the update to the article numbering) of the Articles of Association concerning the matters to be addressed at the Annual General Meetings be supplemented so that the Annual General Meeting shall elect a sustainability reporting assurance provider in accordance with the Finnish Companies Act and resolve upon their remuneration. In their amended forms  said provisions of the Articles of Association would read as follows:“8 § The Company shall elect one Authorized Sustainability Audit Firm as the Company’s sustainability reporting assurance provider. The Authorized Sustainability Audit Firm shall designate an Authorized Sustainability Auditor (ASA) having principal responsibility.”“11 § The Annual General Meeting shall be held annually within six (6) months of the end of the financial year.At the meeting shall be:presented:1. the financial statements of the Company and the Group  and the report on operations 2. the auditors’ report resolved upon:3. the adoption of the financial statements 4. the use of the profit shown on the balance sheet 5. granting discharge from liability to the members of the Board of Directors and the President of the Company 6. the remuneration of the members of the Board of Directors 7. the number of members of the Board of Directors 8. the remuneration of the Auditor 9. the remuneration of the sustainability reporting assurance provider elected:10. the members of the Board of Directors 11. one Auditor and  when needed  a Deputy Auditor 12. one sustainability assurance provider dealt with:13. any other matters as per the notice of the meeting.”It is proposed that the Articles of Association remain unchanged in other respects.19. Authorization of the Board of Directors to decide on the acquisition of the company’s own sharesThe Board of Directors proposes that the Board be authorized by the Annual General Meeting to decide on the acquisition of a maximum of 150 000 of the company’s own shares in one or more instalments. The number of shares represents approximately 0.4 percent of the total number of the company’s shares at the time of the proposal. The shares would be acquired with funds from the company’s non-restricted equity  which means that the acquisition would reduce funds available for distribution. The shares would be acquired otherwise than in proportion to the shareholdings of the shareholders through public trading on Nasdaq Helsinki Ltd at the market price prevailing at the time of acquisition and in accordance with the rules and regulations of Nasdaq Helsinki Ltd. The shares would be acquired to be used as a part of the company’s incentive system  to be transferred for other purposes or to be cancelled. The authorization is proposed to include the right of the Board of Directors to decide on all of the other terms and conditions of the acquisition of the shares. The authorization is proposed to be valid for eighteen (18) months from the decision of the Annual General Meeting and to supersede the authorization granted by the 2024 Annual General Meeting.20. Authorization of the Board of Directors to decide on the issuance of new shares and transfer of the company’s own sharesThe Board of Directors proposes that the Board be authorized by the Annual General Meeting to decide on the issuance of new shares and the transfer of the company’s own shares in one or more instalments. The total number of shares to be issued or transferred pursuant to the authorization may not exceed 200 000 (new or the company’s own) shares  which represents approximately 0.5 percent of the total number of the company’s shares at the time of the proposal. Pursuant to the authorization  the Board may decide on a directed share issue in deviation from the shareholders’ pre-emptive rights for a weighty financial reason  such as the company’s incentive system  personnel share issue  developing the company’s capital structure  using the shares as consideration in possible company acquisitions or carrying out other business transactions. The share issue may be subject to a charge or free. A directed share issue can be free of charge only if there is a particularly weighty financial reason for the company and taking into account the interests of all of the company’s shareholders. The subscription price of the new shares and the amount paid for the company’s own shares would be recorded in the company’s reserve for invested non-restricted equity. The authorization is proposed to include the right of the Board of Directors to decide on all of the other terms and conditions of the share issue. The authorization is proposed to remain in force for a period of eighteen (18) months from the resolution of the Annual General Meeting and to supersede the authorization granted by the 2024 Annual General Meeting.21. Closing of the meetingB. Documents of the Annual General MeetingThe proposals for the decisions on the matters on the agenda of the Annual General Meeting as well as this notice are available on Marimekko Corporation’s website at https://company.marimekko.com/investors/management/general-meeting/annual-general-meeting-2025/. The company’s financial statements  the report of the Board of Directors (including the sustainability report)  the auditor’s report  the assurance report on sustainability reporting  the remuneration report as well as the remuneration policy adopted by the Annual General Meeting of 2024 will be available on the company’s website on 25 March 2025 at the latest. Copies of these documents and of this notice will be sent to shareholders upon request. The minutes of the Annual General Meeting can be viewed on the company’s website as of 29 April 2025 at the latest.C. Instructions for the participants in the Annual General Meeting1. Shareholders registered in the shareholders’ registerEach shareholder who on the record date for the Annual General Meeting  3 April 2025  is registered in the shareholders’ register of the company  held by Euroclear Finland Oy  has the right to participate in the Annual General Meeting. A shareholder whose shares are registered on their personal Finnish book-entry account is registered in the shareholders’ register of the company.A shareholder who is registered in the company's Shareholder Register and who wants to participate in the Annual General Meeting is requested to register for the meeting no later than 7 April 2025 at 4.00 p.m. (EEST)  by which time the registration must be received.Notice of participation can be given starting from Monday 10 March 2025 at 9.00 a.m. (EET):a) by filling in the registration form on the company’s website at https://company.marimekko.com/investors/management/general-meeting/annual-general-meeting-2025/Electronic registration requires strong electronic authentication of the shareholder or the shareholder’s proxy representative or legal representative with a Finnish  Swedish or Danish bank ID or mobile certificate. If shareholders use Suomi.fi-authorizations  registration requires the authorized person’s strong electronic authentication with Finnish online banking codes or a mobile certificate.b) by mail or emailA shareholder registering by mail or email must submit the registration and advance voting form available on the company's website or corresponding information by mail to Innovatics Oy  General Meeting / Marimekko Oyj  Ratamestarinkatu 13 A  00520 Helsinki  Finland or by email to agm@innovatics.fi.In connection with the registration  a shareholder shall provide the requested information  such as their name  date of birth  business ID  email address  telephone number as well as the name  date of birth  phone number and/or email address of a possible proxy representative or legal representative. The personal data given by shareholders to Marimekko Corporation or Innovatics Oy is used only in connection with the Annual General Meeting and the processing of the necessary related registrations. For further information on how Marimekko processes personal data  please review Marimekko Corporation’s privacy notice regarding the Annual General Meeting  which is available at the company’s website at https://company.marimekko.com/investors/management/general-meeting/annual-general-meeting-2025/ or contact the company by email at yk@marimekko.com. Please note that personal information provided in connection with registration by email is possibly sent through an unsecure connection on the shareholder’s own responsibility.The shareholder  their authorized representative or proxy representative should  when necessary  be able to prove their identity and/or right of representation at the meeting venue.Further information on registration is available during the registration period of the Annual General Meeting by calling Innovatics Oy at +358 10 2818 909 on business days from 9:00 a.m. to 12:00 noon and from 1:00 p.m. to 4:00 p.m.2. Holder of nominee-registered sharesA holder of nominee-registered shares has the right to participate in the Annual General Meeting by virtue of those shares based on which the holder on the record date for the Annual General Meeting  3 April 2025  would be entitled to be registered in the shareholders’ register of the company  held by Euroclear Finland Oy. In addition  participation in the Annual General Meeting requires that the shareholder on the basis of such shares has been temporarily registered in the shareholders’ register held by Euroclear Finland Oy by 10 April 2025 at 10.00 a.m. (EEST) at the latest. As regards nominee-registered shares  this constitutes due registration for the Annual General Meeting. Changes in shareholding after the record date for the Annual General Meeting do not affect the right to participate in the Annual General Meeting or the number of votes held by the shareholder.A holder of nominee-registered shares is advised to well in advance request the necessary instructions regarding the temporary registration in the shareholders’ register of the company  the issuing of proxy documents  voting instructions and registration for the Annual General Meeting from their custodian bank as well as voting in advance. The account manager of the custodian bank shall register a holder of nominee-registered shares who wishes to participate in the Annual General Meeting to be temporarily entered into the shareholders’ register of the company by the time stated above and shall arrange advance voting on behalf of the holder of nominee-registered shares within the registration period for nominee-registered shares.3. Proxy representative and powers of attorneyA shareholder may participate in the Annual General Meeting and exercise their rights at the meeting by way of proxy representation. Shareholders proxy representative may also vote in advance in the manner described in this notice. Electronic registration and advance voting on behalf of a shareholder requires strong electronic authentication of the proxy representative. A proxy representative shall provide a dated proxy document or otherwise in a reliable manner demonstrate their right to represent the shareholder at the Annual General Meeting. Should a shareholder participate in the Annual General Meeting by means of several proxy representatives representing the shareholder with shares on different book-entry accounts  the shares by which each proxy representative represents the shareholder shall be identified in connection with the registration.Proxy and voting instruction templates will be available on the company’s website at https://company.marimekko.com/investors/management/general-meeting/annual-general-meeting-2025/ on 10 March 2025 at the latest. Any proxy documents  including the advance voting form  should be sent by mail to Innovatics Oy  General Meeting / Marimekko Oyj  Ratamestarinkatu 13 A  00520 Helsinki  Finland or by email to agm@innovatics.fi. In addition to delivering the proxy documents  the shareholder or their proxy representative should register for the Annual General Meeting in the manner described above.Instead of traditional proxy document  shareholders can use electronic authorization services of Suomi.fi. In that case the shareholder authorizes a named authorised person through Suomi.fi’s services at https://www.suomi.fi/e-authorizations by using the mandate theme “Representation at the General Meeting”. In connection with the registration  General Meeting Services require strong electronic authentication after which the electronic authorization is automatically verified. Strong electronic authentication requires Finnish online banking codes or a mobile certificate. For more information  please see Suomi.fi’s e-authorization pages at https://www.suomi.fi/e-authorizations/ as well as the company’s website at https://company.marimekko.com/investors/management/general-meeting/annual-general-meeting-2025/.4. Voting in advanceA shareholder whose shares are registered on the shareholder’s Finnish book-entry account can register and vote in advance on certain matters on the agenda of the Annual General Meeting from 10 March 2025 at 9.00 a.m. (EET) until 7 April 2025 at 4.00 p.m. (EEST) by the following means:a) Through the company’s website at https://company.marimekko.com/investors/management/general-meeting/annual-general-meeting-2025/Electronic advance voting requires strong electronic authentication of the shareholder or the shareholder’s proxy representative or legal representative with a Finnish  Swedish or Danish bank ID or mobile certificate. If shareholders use Suomi.fi-authorizations  registration requires the authorized person’s strong electronic authentication with Finnish online banking codes or a mobile certificate.b) Through mail or emailShareholders can also submit the advance voting form available on the company’s website at https://company.marimekko.com/investors/management/general-meeting/annual-general-meeting-2025/ or corresponding information by mail to Innovatics Oy  General Meeting / Marimekko Oyj  Ratamestarinkatu 13 A  00520 Helsinki  Finland or by email to agm@innovatics.fi. The advance voting form will be available on the company’s website on 10 March 2025 at the latest.In addition to voting in advance  the shareholder must register for the Annual General Meeting prior to the end of the registration period.A shareholder who has voted in advance cannot request information under the Finnish Companies Act or request a vote at the General Meeting or change the given votes if they or their proxy representative is not present at the General Meeting venue.With regards to holders of nominee-registered shares  the advance voting is performed via the account management organisation. The account management organisation may vote in advance on behalf of the holders of nominee-registered shares it represents  in accordance with the voting instructions provided by them  during the registration period for holders of nominee-registered shares.A proposal subject to advance voting is considered to have been presented unchanged at the General Meeting. The terms and other instructions concerning the electronic voting are available on the company’s website at https://company.marimekko.com/investors/management/general-meeting/annual-general-meeting-2025/.Further information on advance voting is available during the registration period of the Annual General Meeting by calling Innovatics Oy at +358 10 2818 909 on business days from 9:00 a.m. to 12:00 noon and from 1:00 p.m. to 4:00 p.m.5. Other instructions and informationIt is possible to follow the Annual General Meeting online via webcast. Instructions on following the webcast are available on the company’s website at https://company.marimekko.com/investors/management/general-meeting/annual-general-meeting-2025/. Following the Annual General Meeting via webcast is not considered participating in the Annual General Meeting or exercising shareholder rights.Pursuant to Chapter 5  Section 25 of the Finnish Companies Act  a shareholder who is present at the Annual General Meeting has the right to request information with respect to the matters to be considered at the Annual General Meeting.Changes in shareholding after the record date for the Annual General Meeting do not affect the right to participate in the Annual General Meeting or the number of votes held by the shareholder.On the date of this notice  19 February 2025  the total number of shares and votes in Marimekko Corporation is 40 649 170. On the date of this notice  the company holds 77 790 of its own shares  which do not entitle to voting at the Annual General Meeting.Helsinki  19 February 2025MARIMEKKO CORPORATIONBoard of DirectorsFurther information:Anna TuominenTel. +358 40 584 6944anna.tuominen@marimekko.comDISTRIBUTIONNasdaq Helsinki LtdKey mediaMarimekko is a Finnish lifestyle design company renowned for its original prints and colors. The company’s product portfolio includes high-quality clothing  bags and accessories as well as home décor items ranging from textiles to tableware. When Marimekko was founded in 1951  its unparalleled printed fabrics gave it a strong and unique identity. In 2024  the company's net sales totaled EUR 183 million and comparable operating profit margin was 17.5 percent. Globally  there are roughly 170 Marimekko stores  and online store serves customers in 38 countries. The key markets are Northern Europe  the Asia-Pacific region and North America. The Group employs about 480 people. The company’s share is quoted on Nasdaq Helsinki Ltd. www.marimekko.com,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,mixed,0.35,0.4,0.26,True,English,"['Annual General Meeting', 'Marimekko Corporation', 'Notice', 'dividend payout record date', 'The Annual General Meeting', 'dividend payout date', 'Stock Exchange Release', 'Euroclear Finland Ltd', 'other Board members', 'annual remuneration', 'meeting venue', 'The Board', 'Little Finlandia', 'voting slips', 'voting rights', 'Section C', 'financial statements', 'sustainability reporting', 'balance sheet', 'distributable funds', 'financial year', 'regular dividend', 'extraordinary dividend', 'remaining funds', 'shareholder register', 'substantial changes', 'financial position', 'governing bodies', 'two weeks', 'first time', 'remuneration policy', 'separate remuneration', 'committee work', 'Marimekko Corporation', 'Remuneration Committee', 'assurance report', 'interim report', 'Board meeting', 'remuneration report', 'A. Matters', 'total amount', '1 January–31 March', 'Tuesday 15 April', 'advisory resolution', 'Vice Chair', 'parent company', 'company.marimekko', '8.40 a', '25 March', '17 April', '28 April', '16 April', 'February', 'Notice', 'address', 'Karamzininranta', '00100 Helsinki', 'registration', 'attendees', 'distribution', 'EEST', 'Shareholders', 'advance', 'addition', 'webcast', 'website', 'investors/management', 'annual-general-meeting', 'instructions', 'participants', 'agenda', 'Opening', 'Election', 'persons', 'minutes', 'counting', 'votes', 'legality', 'attendance', 'adoption', 'list', 'Presentation', 'Directors', 'auditor', 'Review', 'President', 'CEO', 'use', 'profit', 'payment', '31 December', 'equity', 'behalf', 'liquidity', 'solvency', 'discharge', 'liability', 'Consideration', 'accordance', '27 percent', 'shares', 'basis', 'proposal', 'fees', '40 percent', 'market', 'rest', 'cash', '2.00', '1.00', '2024']",2025-02-19,2025-02-20,globenewswire.com
48962,Euroclear,Bing API,https://eadaily.com/en/news/2025/02/20/nabiullina-it-was-possible-to-return-570-billion-rubles-blocked-by-the-west,Nabiullina: it was possible to return 570 billion rubles blocked by the West — EADaily  February 20th  2025 — Economics  Russia,"The head of the Central Bank of Russia  Elvira Nabiullina  confirmed that in 2024 the Russians were able to return about 570 billion rubles of investments previously blocked in the West. This was stated by the head of the Russian regulator at Ural Forum ""Cybersecurity in Finance"".","The head of the Central Bank of Russia  Elvira Nabiullina  confirmed that in 2024 the Russians were able to return about 570 billion rubles of investments previously blocked in the West. This was stated by the head of the Russian regulator at Ural Forum ""Cybersecurity in Finance"".""A certain part of the funds has been released. Last year  if my memory serves me right  about 570 billion rubles of funds — frozen in the form of securities  coupons — were unfrozen. It affected one and a half million people "" Nabiullina said.According to Elvira Sakhipzadovna  the Central Bank  together with the Russian government  was actively engaged in working out various schemes to release these funds.""There are no big schemes being discussed right now  but of course we are all trying to support possible mechanisms in order to restore the absolutely legitimate rights of our Russian investors "" Nabiullina said.EADaily reminds that after the SMO began  Western countries ""froze"" the funds of Russians and Russian companies in the amount of 300 billion euros. Moreover  more than 200 billion euros are in the accounts of the Belgian Euroclear system.",neutral,0.01,0.79,0.2,neutral,0.01,0.88,0.11,True,English,"['570 billion rubles', 'February 20th', 'Nabiullina', 'West', 'EADaily', 'Economics', 'Russia', 'a half million people', 'Belgian Euroclear system', 'Central Bank', '570 billion rubles', 'Russian regulator', 'Ural Forum', 'Elvira Sakhipzadovna', 'Russian government', 'various schemes', 'big schemes', 'possible mechanisms', 'legitimate rights', 'Russian investors', 'Western countries', 'Russian companies', '300 billion euros', '200 billion euros', 'Elvira Nabiullina', 'head', 'Russians', 'investments', 'Cybersecurity', 'Finance', 'part', 'funds', 'memory', 'form', 'securities', 'coupons', 'one', 'order', 'EADaily', 'SMO', 'amount', 'accounts']",2025-02-20,2025-02-20,eadaily.com
48963,Euroclear,Bing API,https://www.finanznachrichten.de/nachrichten-2025-02/64615783-notice-convening-the-annual-general-meeting-2025-of-essity-aktiebolag-publ-008.htm,Notice convening the Annual General Meeting 2025 of Essity Aktiebolag (publ),"Notice is given to the shareholders of Essity Aktiebolag (publ) Reg. No. 556325-5511 (""Essity"") of the Annual General Meeting to be held on Thursday","STOCKHOLM  Feb. 20  2025 /PRNewswire/ -- Notice is given to the shareholders of Essity Aktiebolag (publ) Reg. No. 556325-5511 (""Essity"") of the Annual General Meeting to be held on Thursday  27 March 2025 at 2 p.m. at Stockholm Waterfront Congress Centre  Nils Ericsons Plan 4  Stockholm (registration from 1 p.m.).The shareholders also have the opportunity to exercise their voting rights by voting in advance (so-called postal voting) ahead of the Annual General Meeting. Shareholders may thereby choose to exercise their voting rights at the Annual General Meeting 2025 by attending in person  through a proxy or by advance voting as instructed below.A. Right to participate at the MeetingShareholders who wish to participate in the Annual General Meeting mustbe listed as a shareholder in the presentation of the share register prepared by Euroclear Sweden AB as of Wednesday  19 March 2025; andgive notice of its intention to participate in the Meeting in accordance with the instructions set out in section ""B. Notice of participation at the meeting venue in person or by proxy"" no later than Friday  21 March 2025  or by submitting its advance vote in accordance with the instructions under section ""C. Advance voting"" no later than Friday  21 March 2025.For shareholders who have their shares registered through a bank or other nominee  the following applies in order to be entitled to participate in the Meeting. In addition to giving notice of participation  such shareholder must re-register its shares in its own name so that the shareholder is listed in the presentation of the share register as of the record date Wednesday  19 March 2025. Such re-registration may be temporary (so-called voting rights registration)  and request for such voting rights registration shall be made to the nominee in accordance with the nominee's routines  at such a time in advance as decided by the nominee. Voting rights registration that has been made by the nominee no later than Friday  21 March 2025  will be considered in the presentation of the share register.B. Notice of participation at the meeting venue in person or by proxyA person who wishes to participate at the meeting venue in person or by proxy must give notice to the company as instructed below:by telephone +46 8 402 90 80  weekdays between 9 a.m. and 4 p.m. by mail to Essity Aktiebolag (publ)  ""Annual General Meeting""  c/o Euroclear Sweden AB  P.O. Box 191  SE-101 23 Stockholm  Sweden via Euroclear Sweden AB's website  https://anmalan.vpc.se/euroclearproxy   oror by email to GeneralMeetingService@euroclear.comName  personal identity number/corporate registration number  address and telephone number  and number of accompanying persons (no more than two)  if any  should be stated when notification is given. Shareholders represented by proxy shall issue a written and dated proxy for their representative signed by the shareholder. A proxy is valid one (1) year from its issue date or such longer period as set out in the proxy  however not more than five (5) years. Proxy forms are available upon request and on the company's website  www.essity.com. Anyone representing a legal entity must present a copy of the registration certificate or equivalent authorization document  not older than one (1) year  listing the authorized signatories. To facilitate registration at the Meeting  the proxy as well as the registration certificate and other authorization documents should be sent to the company at the address stated above well in advance of the Meeting and no later than Friday  21 March 2025.C. Advance votingShareholders may exercise their voting rights at the Annual General Meeting by voting in advance  so-called postal voting. A person who wishes to attend the meeting venue in person or by proxy must however give notice in accordance with the instructions under section ""B.Notice of participation at the meeting venue in person or by proxy"" above. This means that a notice of participation only through advance voting is not sufficient for shareholders who wish to attend the meeting venue.A special form must be used for the advance vote. The form is available on Essity's website  www.essity.com. Submission of the form in accordance with the instructions set out below is considered as notice of participation in the Annual General Meeting. The completed form must be received by Euroclear Sweden AB no later than Friday  21 March 2025. The completed form may be sent to Essity Aktiebolag (publ)  ""Annual General Meeting""  c/o Euroclear Sweden AB  P.O. Box 191  SE-101 23 Stockholm  Sweden. A completed form may also be submitted electronically. Electronic submission can be made either through verification with BankID in accordance with instructions at https://anmalan.vpc.se/euroclearproxy  or by sending the completed form by email to GeneralMeetingService@euroclear.com. Electronic submission must be made no later than Friday  21 March 2025.Shareholders may not provide specific instructions or conditions to the advance vote. If so  the entire advance vote is invalid. Further instructions and conditions can be found in the advance voting form.Shareholders submitting their advance vote by proxy must issue a written and dated proxy for their representative signed by the shareholder  which must be enclosed with the advance voting form. A proxy is valid one (1) year from its issue date or such longer period as set out in the proxy  however not more than five (5) years. Proxy forms are available upon request and on the company's website  www.essity.com. If the shareholder is a legal entity  a registration certificate or equivalent authorization document  not older than one (1) year  listing the authorized signatories shall be appended to the advance voting form.Proposed agendaElection of Chairman of the Meeting. Preparation and approval of the voting list. Election of two persons to check the minutes. Determination of whether the Meeting has been duly convened. Approval of the agenda. Presentation of the annual report and the auditor's report and the consolidated financial statements and the auditor's report on the consolidated financial statements and the auditor's statement regarding whether the guidelines for remuneration for the senior management that have applied since the previous annual general meeting have been complied with. Speeches by the Chairman of the Board of Directors  the President and the auditor in charge. Resolutions ona. adoption of the income statement and balance sheet  and of the consolidated income statement and the consolidated balance sheet;b. appropriations of the company's earnings under the adopted balance sheet and record date for dividend; andc. discharge from personal liability of the Board of Directors and the President for 2024. Resolution on the number of directors and deputy directors. Resolution on the number of auditors and deputy auditors. Resolution on remuneration for the Board of Directors and the auditor. Election of directors and deputy directors.Re-election ofa. Maria Carellb. Annemarie Gardsholc. Magnus Grothd. Jan Gurandere. Torbjörn Lööff. Bert Nordbergg. Barbara M. Thoralfssonh. Karl ÅbergNew election ofi. Alexander Lacikj. Katarina Martinson Election of Chairman of the Board of Directors. Election of auditors and deputy auditors. Resolution on approval of the Board's report on remuneration for the senior management. Resolution on cash-based incentive program. Resolution ona. amendment of the maximum and minimum number of shares in the Articles of Association;b. reduction of the share capital through cancellation of own shares; andc. increase of the share capital through a bonus issue without issuance of new shares. Resolution on authorization for the Board of Directors to resolve ona. acquisition of own shares; andb. transfer of own shares on account of company acquisitions etc.Proposal for resolution under Item 1The Nomination Committee proposes attorney-at-law Eva Hägg as Chairman of the Meeting.Proposal for resolution under Item 2The voting list proposed to be approved is the voting list prepared by Euroclear Sweden AB on behalf of Essity  based on the Annual General Meeting's share register  shareholders having given notice of participation and being present at the meeting venue and received advance votes.Proposal for resolution under Item 8.bThe Board of Directors proposes a dividend for the financial year 2024 of SEK 8.25 per share. As record date for the dividend  the Board of Directors proposes Monday  31 March 2025. If the Meeting resolves in accordance with this proposal  the dividend is expected to be distributed by Euroclear Sweden AB on Thursday  3 April 2025.Proposals for resolutions under Items 9-14The Nomination Committee proposes the following:The number of directors shall be ten with no deputy director.The number of auditors shall be one with no deputy auditor.The remuneration to each director elected by the Annual General Meeting who is not employed by the company shall amount to SEK 960 000 (910 000) and the Chairman of the Board of Directors is to receive SEK 2 880 000 (2 730 000). Members of the Remuneration Committee are each to receive an additional remuneration of SEK 145 000 (135 000)  while the Chairman of the Remuneration Committee is to receive an additional remuneration of SEK 170 000 (160 000). Members of the Audit Committee are each to receive an additional remuneration of SEK 350 000 (320 000)  while the Chairman of the Audit Committee is to receive an additional remuneration of SEK 490 000 (450 000). The Portfolio Development Committee was not constituted after the Annual General Meeting 2024 and its preparatory work was instead performed by the Board of Directors in its entirety. Therefore  no additional remuneration for committee work is proposed. Remuneration to the auditor is to be paid according to approved invoice.Re-election of the directors Maria Carell  Annemarie Gardshol  Magnus Groth  Jan Gurander  Torbjörn Lööf  Bert Nordberg  Barbara M. Thoralfsson and Karl Åberg and new election of Alexander Lacik and Katarina Martinson. Ewa Björling has declined re-election.Alexander Lacik (b. 1965)  has been President and CEO of Pandora since 2019 (listed on Nasdaq Copenhagen). He is a Swedish citizen living in Copenhagen  Denmark and is a trained economist. Since 1992  he has worked in the consumer sector  including 13 years for Procter & Gamble in Sweden and Switzerland and 13 years for Reckitt Benckiser in Greece  England and the United States  including as global category manager for the Hygiene division. He has been a board member of several companies  including Swedish Match until 2023. Alexander Lacik holds a BSc in Business Administration & Economics. He is independent in relation to the company  its management and major shareholders.Katarina Martinson (b. 1981) has been working with asset management for the Lundberg family since 2009. She is a Swedish citizen living in Sweden and has previous experience from Handelsbanken Capital Markets  Strategy Research Partners LLC  New York  and ISI International Strategy & Investment Group  New York  among others. Katarina Martinson is Chairman of the board of Indutrade and holds board assignments in three listed companies (L E Lundbergföretagen  Industrivärden and Husqvarna). Katarina Martinson holds a Master of Science in Economics from the Stockholm School of Economics. She is independent in relation to the company and its management  but not to the company's major shareholders.Alexander Lacik (b. 1965)  has been President and CEO of Pandora since 2019 (listed on Nasdaq Copenhagen). He is a Swedish citizen living in Copenhagen  Denmark and is a trained economist. Since 1992  he has worked in the consumer sector  including 13 years for Procter & Gamble in Sweden and Switzerland and 13 years for Reckitt Benckiser in Greece  England and the United States  including as global category manager for the Hygiene division. He has been a board member of several companies  including Swedish Match until 2023. Alexander Lacik holds a BSc in Business Administration & Economics. He is independent in relation to the company  its management and major shareholders. Katarina Martinson (b. 1981) has been working with asset management for the Lundberg family since 2009. She is a Swedish citizen living in Sweden and has previous experience from Handelsbanken Capital Markets  Strategy Research Partners LLC  New York  and ISI International Strategy & Investment Group  New York  among others. Katarina Martinson is Chairman of the board of Indutrade and holds board assignments in three listed companies (L E Lundbergföretagen  Industrivärden and Husqvarna). Katarina Martinson holds a Master of Science in Economics from the Stockholm School of Economics. She is independent in relation to the company and its management  but not to the company's major shareholders. Re-election of Jan Gurander as Chairman of the Board of Directors.Re-election of the registered accounting firm Ernst & Young AB  in accordance with the Audit Committee's recommendation  for the period until the end of the Annual General Meeting 2026. If elected  Ernst & Young AB has announced its appointment of Erik Sandström as auditor in charge.Proposal for resolution under Item 16The Board of Directors proposes that the Annual General Meeting 2025 resolve to approve a cash-based incentive program which is directed to senior management as well as certain other executives and key employees in Essity (the ""Program"") as follows. In order to encourage a common interest for the participants and the shareholders of long-term good return and the company's ability to recruit and retain key employees  the Board of Directors considers that the company shall have cash-based incentive programs. Such programs should be approved annually and have performance conditions related to (i) the relative value development of Essity's class B share  and (ii) reduction of greenhouse gas emissions. The Board of Directors also considers that there should be a requirement for the participants' own investment in Essity shares and that such shares should be held for a period of at least three years. The Program is exclusively cash-based and will therefore not result in any dilution of the number of shares outstanding.Essity has for a number of years resolved on similar cash-based programs. The programs are described in the company's Annual Reports and in the remuneration reports presented to the Annual General Meeting for approval. The Board of Directors' assessment is that these programs have worked very well.Against this background  the Board of Directors proposes that the Annual General Meeting 2025 resolve on a cash-based incentive program  as further described below.Principal terms and conditions of the ProgramThe proposed Program for 2025-2027 shall be based on the following principal terms and conditions.(a) The Program is proposed to be open to senior management as well as certain other executives and key employees in the Essity group  a total of approximately 400 persons (the "" Participants "").""). (b) The Participants shall have the opportunity  depending on satisfaction of certain performance conditions in accordance with paragraph (c) below  to obtain a cash remuneration (the "" Cash Remuneration "") after the end of a measurement period which covers the years 2025-2027 (the "" Measurement Period ""). The Cash Remuneration for each Participant may not exceed a certain percentage of the Participant's fixed annual cash salary (gross) for 2027  as follows: (i) for the President  a maximum of 50 percent  (ii) for other members of the senior management  a maximum of 80 percent and (iii) for other Participants  a maximum of 50 percent. The maximum variable remuneration level shall be determined per individual  taking into account the total remuneration in relation to the specific role  the local market  the terms of employment or the individual performance."") after the end of a measurement period which covers the years 2025-2027 (the "" ""). The Cash Remuneration for each Participant may not exceed a certain percentage of the Participant's fixed annual cash salary (gross) for 2027  as follows: (i) for the President  a maximum of 50 percent  (ii) for other members of the senior management  a maximum of 80 percent and (iii) for other Participants  a maximum of 50 percent. The maximum variable remuneration level shall be determined per individual  taking into account the total remuneration in relation to the specific role  the local market  the terms of employment or the individual performance. (c) Payment of the Cash Remuneration shall depend on the degree of satisfaction of the following performance conditions for the Program under the Measurement Period:(i) A financial target consisting of the total shareholder return ("" TSR "") on the company's class B share under the Measurement Period in relation to a benchmark group of other companies (the "" TSR Condition ""). [1] The benchmark group shall to 60 percent consist of companies which are comparable with the operations in the company's business area Consumer Goods and to 20 percent each consist of companies that are comparable with the operations in the business area Health & Medical and Professional Hygiene   respectively. [2]A condition for payment is that the TSR of Essity's class B share is not lower than the weighted TSR outcome for the benchmark group under the Measurement Period (the "" TSR Minimum Level ""). If the TSR Minimum Level is not reached  no payment of Cash Remuneration related to the TSR Condition will be made. For maximum payment (100 percent)  it is required that the TSR of Essity's class B share exceeds the weighted TSR outcome for the Benchmark Group with at least 5 percentage points during the Measurement Period (the "" TSR Maximum Level ""). Should the TSR of Essity's class B share be between the TSR Minimum Level and the TSR Maximum Level during the Measurement Period  a linear payment will be made.(ii) A sustainability target related to the company's reduction of actual greenhouse gas emissions during the Measurement Period (the "" Sustainability Condition ""). The Sustainability Condition is connected to the target adopted by the company to reduce its greenhouse gas emissions by 35 percent by 2030 compared to the base year 2016 (which means an average reduction of 2.5 percent per year). [3]A condition for payment of Cash Remuneration related to the Sustainability Condition is that the company reduces greenhouse gas emissions during the Measurement Period by at least 7.5 percent on a linear basis compared to the base year 2016 (the "" Sustainability Target ""). If the Sustainability Target is reached  full payment of Cash Remuneration relating to the Sustainability Condition will be made. If the Sustainability Target is not reached  no payment relating to this target will be made. [4](iii) The TSR Condition will be weighted 80 percent and the Sustainability Condition 20 percent  when payment of the Cash Remuneration is decided.(i) A financial target consisting of the total shareholder return ("" "") on the company's class B share under the Measurement Period in relation to a benchmark group of other companies (the "" ""). The benchmark group shall to 60 percent consist of companies which are comparable with the operations in the company's business area and to 20 percent each consist of companies that are comparable with the operations in the business area and   respectively. A condition for payment is that the TSR of Essity's class B share is not lower than the weighted TSR outcome for the benchmark group under the Measurement Period (the "" ""). If the TSR Minimum Level is not reached  no payment of Cash Remuneration related to the TSR Condition will be made. For maximum payment (100 percent)  it is required that the TSR of Essity's class B share exceeds the weighted TSR outcome for the Benchmark Group with at least 5 percentage points during the Measurement Period (the "" ""). Should the TSR of Essity's class B share be between the TSR Minimum Level and the TSR Maximum Level during the Measurement Period  a linear payment will be made. (ii) A sustainability target related to the company's reduction of actual greenhouse gas emissions during the Measurement Period (the "" ""). The Sustainability Condition is connected to the target adopted by the company to reduce its greenhouse gas emissions by 35 percent by 2030 compared to the base year 2016 (which means an average reduction of 2.5 percent per year). A condition for payment of Cash Remuneration related to the Sustainability Condition is that the company reduces greenhouse gas emissions during the Measurement Period by at least 7.5 percent on a linear basis compared to the base year 2016 (the "" ""). If the Sustainability Target is reached  full payment of Cash Remuneration relating to the Sustainability Condition will be made. If the Sustainability Target is not reached  no payment relating to this target will be made. (iii) The TSR Condition will be weighted 80 percent and the Sustainability Condition 20 percent  when payment of the Cash Remuneration is decided. (d) Cash Remuneration will normally be paid only after the expiration of the Measurement Period.(e) Participants shall normally be invited to the Program during the first year of the Program. A prerequisite for a Participant to be able to receive full Cash Remuneration  is that the Participant has been permanently employed within the Essity group throughout the Measurement Period. If a Participant has commenced its employment within the Essity group during the Measurement Period  the payment of Cash Remuneration shall be made pro rata.(f) Each Participant shall undertake  for as long as the Participant is employed within the Essity group  to acquire Essity shares for (i) the total paid net amount of the Cash Remuneration regarding senior management  and (ii) at least half the total paid net amount regarding other Participants  no later than 30 June 2028 (or as soon as possible thereafter if the Participant has been prevented from acquiring Essity shares at such time due to applicable insider rules)  and to retain such shares for a period of at least three years after the acquisition  with certain exemptions approved by the Board of Directors. If a Participant does not acquire or retain Essity shares in accordance with the above  the Participant's right to payment under future incentive programs to which the Participant has been invited to participate  shall lapse.(g) If extraordinary changes in the Essity group or in the market occur which  in the opinion of the Board of Directors  would result in a situation where the conditions for Cash Remuneration under the Program become unreasonable  the Board of Directors shall be entitled to make adjustments to the Program  including  among other things  be entitled to resolve on a reduced right to Cash Remuneration  or that no Cash Remuneration shall be paid at all.(h) The Board of Directors shall be authorized to establish the detailed terms and conditions for the Program. The Board of Directors may  in that regard  make necessary adjustments of these general terms and conditions due to changed circumstances or to satisfy certain regulations or market conditions outside Sweden.(i) Participation in the Program presupposes that such participation is legally possible in the various jurisdictions concerned.Measurement Period and vesting periodThe Measurement Period for the performance conditions under the proposed Program will cover the financial years 2025-2027. The intention of the Board of Directors is that also future programs shall have a measurement period of three years. In order to receive full Cash Remuneration  employment within the Essity group throughout the vesting period is required. Further  the vesting period  which is three years  shall be combined with a requirement that the Participant must undertake to acquire and hold Essity shares for at least a three-year period after the acquisition  in accordance with above. Required long-term nature of the Program is achieved by the above stated requirements which totals six years.Costs for the Program  dilution  etc.The cost for the Program  including social security charges  covering approximately 400 employees  amounts to a maximum of SEK 290 million assuming full satisfaction of both of the performance conditions for all Participants in the Program. Thus  the cost of the Program amounts to approximately 1.4 percent of Essity's total cost for salaries and remuneration  including social security charges  for the financial year 2024.The Program is cash-based and does not entail any dilution in the number of shares outstanding for the company's shareholders. No hedging arrangements are intended to be made with regard to the Program's financial exposure.Preparations of the proposalThe proposed Program has been prepared by Essity's Remuneration Committee. The Remuneration Committee has presented documentation to the Board of Directors  whereafter the Board of Directors has resolved that the Program shall be referred to the Annual General Meeting 2025 for approval.Majority requirementsThe Annual General Meeting's resolution on approval of the Program requires a simple majority of the votes cast.Other incentive programs in EssityThe company's other incentive programs are described in more detail in Essity's report on remuneration for 2024  which is available on the company's website  www.essity.com.Proposal for resolution under Item 17Essity has  on the basis of an authorization by the Annual General Meeting 2024  acquired own shares. As at the date of issue of the notice  Essity holds 9 288 000 own class B shares  corresponding to approximately 1.3 percent of the total number of shares in the company. The Board of Directors proposes that the Annual General Meeting resolve to amend the maximum and minimum number of shares in the Articles of Association  to reduce the share capital through cancellation of own class B shares  and to increase the share capital through a bonus issue without issuance of new shares  in accordance with items 17 a.  b. and c. below. Resolutions under items 17 a.  b. and c. are proposed to be taken as a joint resolution.a. Amendment of the Articles of AssociationThe Board of Directors proposes to amend § 5 in the Articles of Association in accordance with the below:Current wording Proposed wording § 5. Number of shares § 5. Number of shares The number of shares shall not be less than 700 000 000 and shall not exceed 2 800 000 000. The number of shares shall not be less than 600 000 000 and shall not exceed 2 400 000 000.b. Reduction of the share capital through cancellation of own sharesThe Board of Directors proposes that the Annual General Meeting resolve to reduce the share capital through cancellation of own shares. The purpose of the reduction is allocation to unrestricted equity.The reduction of the share capital shall be made through cancellation of 9 288 000 class B shares that are held by the company. The reduction of the share capital will amount to SEK 31 081 998.96 through the cancellation of 9 288 000 own class B shares. The reduction requires an amendment of the maximum and minimum number of shares in § 5 of the Articles of Association  as set out under item 17 a. above.The resolution to reduce the share capital under this item 17 b. may be effectuated without obtaining an authorization from the Swedish Companies Registration Office or  in disputed cases  a general court's permission  as the company simultaneously effectuates a bonus issue (as set out under item 17 c. below) with an amount corresponding to no less than the amount the share capital is being reduced with as set out above. Combined  these measures entail that neither the company's restricted equity nor its share capital is reduced.c. Bonus issueWith the purpose of restoring the share capital after the proposed reduction of the share capital (as set out under item 17 b. above) the Board of Directors proposes that the Annual General Meeting simultaneously resolve on a bonus issue to increase the company's share capital by SEK 31 081 998.96 through a transfer of SEK 31 081 998.96 from the company's unrestricted equity. The bonus issue shall be carried out without the issuance of new shares.Statement by the Board of Directors pursuant to Chapter 20  Section 13  fourth paragraph of the Swedish Companies ActIn view of the Board of Directors' proposal for resolution on reduction of the share capital through cancellation of shares  the Board of Directors hereby issues the following statement pursuant to Chapter 20  Section 13  fourth paragraph of the Swedish Companies Act.It follows from the Board of Directors' proposal on reduction of the share capital that the Board of Directors proposes that the company's share capital shall be reduced by SEK 31 081 998.96 through the cancellation of 9 288 000 own class B shares for allocation to unrestricted equity.To achieve a quick and efficient cancellation procedure without the requirement of obtaining the Swedish Companies Registration Office's or a general court's permission  the Board of Directors has also proposed that the Annual General Meeting resolve on restoring the company's share capital to its current amount by increasing the share capital with SEK 31 081 998.96 through a bonus issue without issuance of new shares. The amount is to be transferred from the company's unrestricted equity to the company's share capital.Through the reduction of the share capital due to the cancellation of shares  the company's share capital is reduced by SEK 31 081 998.96 and through the bonus issue the company's share capital is increased by the same amount. The company's restricted equity and share capital will therefore remain unchanged after the implementation of the bonus issue.Following completion of the reduction of the share capital and the bonus issue  the total number of shares in Essity will amount to 693 054 489.AuthorizationThe Board of Directors further proposes that the Annual General Meeting resolve to authorize the Board of Directors  or whom it appoints  to make such minor adjustments to the resolution covering items 17 a.  b. and c. above as may be required for registration of the resolution with the Swedish Companies Registration Office or Euroclear Sweden AB and to take such other measures required to execute the resolution.Conditions and majority requirementsThe resolutions under items 17 a.  b. and c. are proposed to be taken as a joint resolution. The Meeting's resolution under item 17 requires the support of shareholders representing at least two-thirds of the votes cast as well as of the shares represented at the Meeting.Proposal for resolution under Item 18The Board of Directors makes the assessment that it would be advantageous for the company to be able to adapt the capital structure and to be able to acquire own shares to be used as payment or financing on account of acquisitions of companies or businesses  and thereby contribute to increased shareholder value. Hence  the Board of Directors proposes that the Annual General Meeting authorize the Board of Directors to resolve on acquisition and transfer of own class B shares on the following main terms and conditions.a. Acquisition of own sharesAcquisition of class B shares shall be made on Nasdaq Stockholm at a price within the at each time prevailing price interval for the share on the marketplace  meaning the interval between the highest purchase price and the lowest selling price. Payment for the shares shall be made in cash. The authorization may be exercised on one or several occasions until the Annual General Meeting 2026. A maximum number of class B shares may be acquired such that Essity's holding at each time does not exceed 10 percent of the total number of outstanding shares in Essity.The Board of Directors has issued a statement pursuant to Chapter 19  Section 22 of the Swedish Companies Act.b. Transfer of own shares on account of company acquisitions etc.Transfer of class B shares may be made on Nasdaq Stockholm  as well as outside of Nasdaq Stockholm  with or without deviation from the shareholders' preferential rights and with or without provisions regarding contribution in kind or set-off rights. The shares may be used as payment for acquisitions of companies or businesses or to finance acquisitions of companies or businesses. Transfer may be made of the maximum number of shares held by Essity at the time of the Board of Directors' resolution. The authorization may be exercised on one or several occasions until the Annual General Meeting 2026. Transfers made outside of Nasdaq Stockholm may be made at a minimum price per share corresponding to an amount in close connection with the price of the company's class B shares on Nasdaq Stockholm at the time of the decision of transfer. Transfers made on Nasdaq Stockholm may be made at a price within the each time prevailing price interval of the share.The purpose of the proposed authorizations is to be able to adapt the company's capital structure and to be able to use repurchased shares as payment or financing on account of potential acquisitions of companies or businesses  and thereby contribute to increased shareholder value.Majority requirementsThe Meeting's resolutions under Item 18 require the support of shareholders representing at least two-thirds of the votes cast as well as of the shares represented at the Meeting.The Nomination CommitteeThe Nomination Committee for the Annual General Meeting 2025 is composed of Helena Stjernholm  AB Industrivärden  the Chairman of the Nomination Committee  Anders Hansson  AMF and AMF Fonder  Marianne Nilsson  Swedbank Robur Fonder  Anders Jonsson  Livförsäkringsbolaget Skandia  and Jan Gurander  Chairman of the Board of Essity.Shares and votesThe total number of shares in the company amounts to 702 342 489 shares  of which 58 973 654 are class A shares and 643 368 835 are class B shares  representing a total of 1 233 105 375 votes. The class A share carries ten votes  and the class B share carries one vote. Essity holds 9 288 000 own class B shares  which cannot be represented at the Meeting. The information pertains to the circumstances as per the time of issuing this notice.Additional informationThe Board of Directors' complete proposals for resolutions  including the Board of Directors' statement pursuant to Chapter 20  Section 13  fourth paragraph of the Swedish Companies Act  are set out in this notice. The financial statements  the auditor's report  the Board of Directors' statements pursuant to Chapter 18  Section 4 and Chapter 19  Section 22 of the Swedish Companies Act  the Board of Directors' report on remuneration pursuant to Chapter 8  Section 53 a of the Swedish Companies Act  the auditor's statement pursuant to Chapter 8  Section 54 of the Swedish Companies Act regarding the remuneration guidelines for the senior management  and the auditor's statement pursuant to Chapter 20  Section 14 of the Swedish Companies Act  will be available at the company and on the company's website  www.essity.com  no later than Thursday  6 March 2025. Information about the proposed board members and the proposed auditor  the Nomination Committee's statement  proxy forms  and forms for advance voting are available on the company's website  www.essity.com. The documents will be distributed free of charge to shareholders who so request and state their address and will be available at the Meeting.The Board of Directors and the President shall  if any shareholder so requests and the Board of Directors believes that it can be done without material harm to the company  at the Meeting provide information regarding circumstances that may affect the assessment of an item on the agenda  and regarding circumstances that can affect the assessment of the company's or its subsidiaries' financial situation or the company's relation to other companies within the group.Processing of personal dataFor information on how your personal data is processed  please see https://www.euroclear.com/dam/ESwithLegal/Privacy-notice-bolagsstammor-engelska.pdfStockholm in February 2025Essity Aktiebolag (publ)The Board of Directors[1] The calculation of TSR is done as follows. The volume weighted average price of the share during the fourth quarter 2024 is compared with the volume weighted average price of the share during the fourth quarter 2027  including dividend and other return.[2] When implementing the Program  the benchmark group comprises of the following companies. For Consumer Goods: Procter & Gamble  Kimberly-Clark  Unicharm and Ontex. For Health & Medical: Smith & Nephew  Convatec and Hartman. For Professional Hygiene: Kimberly-Clark  Cascades and Duni. Each company has the same significance within the respective business area. The benchmark group can be adjusted according to the Board of Directors' decision if the Board of Directors deems it appropriate.[3] The company's overall target is adopted in accordance with Science Based Targets (SBTi) in Scope 1 and 2. For more information about SBTi and the company's target  see Essity's Annual Report 2024.[4] The assessment shall be made on the basis of the actual greenhouse gas emissions within the specified classes during the Measurement Period  taking into account acquisitions or divestments made.CONTACT:For further information  please contact:Per Lorentz  Vice President Corporate Communications  +46 73 313 30 55  per.lorentz@essity.comSandra Åberg  Vice President Investor Relations  +46 70 564 96 89  sandra.aberg@essity.comThis information was brought to you by Cision http://news.cision.comhttps://news.cision.com/essity/r/notice-convening-the-annual-general-meeting-2025-of-essity-aktiebolag--publ- c4108959The following files are available for download:https://mb.cision.com/Main/15798/4108959/3278023.pdf Essity Aktiebolag (publ) - Notice Annual General Meeting 2025View original content:https://www.prnewswire.co.uk/news-releases/notice-convening-the-annual-general-meeting-2025-of-essity-aktiebolag-publ-302381699.html",neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,negative,0.01,0.23,0.76,True,English,"['Annual General Meeting', 'Essity Aktiebolag', 'Notice', 'Stockholm Waterfront Congress Centre', 'Nils Ericsons Plan', 'P.O. Box', 'equivalent authorization document', 'other authorization documents', 'Euroclear Sweden AB', 'personal identity number', 'Annual General Meeting', 'corporate registration number', 'C. Advance voting', 'voting rights registration', 'entire advance vote', 'postal voting', 'registration certificate', 'meeting venue', 'Reg. No.', 'share register', 'record date', 'Such re-registration', 'accompanying persons', 'issue date', 'longer period', 'five (5) years', 'legal entity', 'one (1) year', 'authorized signatories', 'telephone number', 'other nominee', 'Electronic submission', 'special form', 'Essity Aktiebolag', 'completed form', 'specific instructions', 'Proxy forms', 'Feb.', 'PRNewswire', 'Notice', 'shareholders', 'publ', 'Thursday', 'March', 'opportunity', 'A.', 'presentation', 'Wednesday', 'intention', 'section', 'participation', 'Friday', 'accordance', 'shares', 'bank', 'order', 'addition', 'name', 'request', 'routines', 'time', 'weekdays', '9 a', 'mail', 'website', 'anmalan', 'vpc', 'euroclearproxy', 'GeneralMeetingService', 'address', 'notification', 'written', 'dated', 'representative', 'Anyone', 'copy', 'verification', 'conditions', '2', '4']",2025-02-06,2025-02-20,finanznachrichten.de
48964,Euroclear,Bing API,https://www.prnewswire.co.uk/news-releases/fayafi-investment-holding-appoints-ferrari-logistics-dmcc-as-official-custodian-of-its-high-value-strategic-isotope-copper-reserves-302381556.html,Fayafi Investment Holding appoints Ferrari Logistics DMCC as official custodian of its high-value strategic isotope copper reserves,Fayafi Investment Holding  the first UAE firm made available through a bankable certificate issued under the SIX Swiss Exchange,"Ensures secure storage  handling  and global logistics of extremely rare metal with invaluable scientific applicationsDUBAI  UAE  Feb. 20  2025 /PRNewswire/ -- Fayafi Investment Holding  the first UAE firm made available through a bankable certificate issued under the SIX Swiss Exchange framework  listed on the Vienna Stock Exchange and featured on Bloomberg  has appointed Ferrari Logistics DMCC as the official custodian of its isotope copper reserves that have an opening valuation of USD 3.6B.Ferrari Logistics Partner of Fayafi Investment HoldingFayafi Investment has launched Euroclear security certificates registered on the SIX Swiss Exchange backed by these reserves physically present in its Dubai vaults at Ferrari Logistics DMCC. On February 14th 2025  USD 1.44B worth of these certificates were made available for trading only to sophisticated investors at USD 100 per certificate.By market close at 4 pm European time on February 14th 2025 — the first trading day — Fayafi Investment Holding had successfully executed trades worth USD 600 million for its Euroclear isotope copper certificates.The appointment of Ferrari Logistics DMCC as official custodian enhances Fayafi Investment Holding's security  traceability  and regulatory compliance in managing its securitized isotope copper reserves. An official custodian is a necessary regulatory step for listed securitized assets  giving stakeholders confidence that the underlying asset exists and is owned by the listing company.""This appointment is a major step in securing our isotope copper reserves with a globally trusted logistics partner. Ferrari Logistics DMCC's expertise ensures that our core physical asset is protected to the highest standards  inspiring market confidence through third-party custody and further strengthening Fayafi's leadership in strategic commodity investments. It also boosts Dubai's position as a global hub for strategic commodities and high-value investments while supporting our mission of optimizing the value chain for our rare strategically important asset "" said Dr. Patrick Pilati  Executive President of Fayafi Investment Holding.Isotope copper is one of the world's rarest and most expensive commodities  with controlled distribution of a niche global supply. More valuable per gramme than gold  and of incredible strategic importance  the metal has crucial applications in medicine  aerospace and quantum computing.Ferrari Logistics DMCC is a premier logistics and warehousing provider specializing in precious and rare materials. The firm is recognized for strict adherence to international trade regulations and standards. With extensive experience in rare commodity custody and support  Ferrari Logistics relies on state of the art security protocols to ensure the safety and sanctity of Fayafi's isotope copper reserves.Fayafi Investment Holding is an Emirati-founded Special Purpose Vehicle (SPV) headquartered in the Dubai International Financial Centre (DIFC). The first UAE firm to be registered on the SIX Swiss Exchange and listed on the Vienna Stock Exchange  Fayafi Investment Holding is currently the highest-value UAE publicly-listed company on foreign stock exchanges. It also ranks #4 GCC-wide  reinforcing Dubai and the UAE's credibility as a global financial hub.Contact Details:FAYAFI Investment Holdingmedia@fayafi.chDIFC  Dubai  UAEPhoto - https://mma.prnewswire.com/media/2624395/Fayafi_Investment_Holding.jpg",neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,positive,0.89,0.11,0.0,True,English,"['high-value strategic isotope copper reserves', 'Fayafi Investment Holding', 'Ferrari Logistics DMCC', 'official custodian', 'Emirati-founded Special Purpose Vehicle', 'SIX Swiss Exchange framework', 'Dubai International Financial Centre', 'Euroclear isotope copper certificates', 'securitized isotope copper reserves', 'international trade regulations', 'Vienna Stock Exchange', 'Euroclear security certificates', 'first trading day', 'Dr. Patrick Pilati', 'art security protocols', 'foreign stock exchanges', 'incredible strategic importance', 'invaluable scientific applications', 'niche global supply', 'global financial hub', 'Ferrari Logistics DMCC', 'core physical asset', 'Fayafi Investment Holding', 'strategic commodity investments', 'USD 1.44B worth', 'necessary regulatory step', 'Ferrari Logistics Partner', 'rare commodity custody', 'first UAE firm', 'global logistics', 'securitized assets', 'global hub', 'strategic commodities', 'premier logistics', 'regulatory compliance', 'major step', 'third-party custody', 'high-value investments', 'crucial applications', 'underlying asset', 'important asset', 'rare materials', 'official custodian', 'opening valuation', 'February 14th', 'sophisticated investors', 'value chain', 'Executive President', 'expensive commodities', 'controlled distribution', 'quantum computing', 'warehousing provider', 'strict adherence', 'extensive experience', 'highest-value UAE', 'Contact Details', 'UAE Photo', 'rare metal', 'Dubai vaults', 'bankable certificate', 'listing company', 'highest standards', 'market confidence', 'handling', 'extremely', 'PRNewswire', 'Bloomberg', 'trades', 'appointment', 'traceability', 'stakeholders', 'expertise', 'leadership', 'position', 'mission', 'world', 'rarest', 'gramme', 'gold', 'medicine', 'aerospace', 'precious', 'support', 'state', 'safety', 'sanctity', 'SPV', 'DIFC', 'credibility', 'Fayafi_Investment_Holding']",2025-02-20,2025-02-20,prnewswire.co.uk
48965,Euroclear,Bing API,https://www.crowdfundinsider.com/2025/02/236484-euroclear-introduces-us-treasury-delivery-versus-payment-repo-service/,Euroclear Introduces US Treasury Delivery-Versus-Payment Repo Service,Euroclear has recently announced that it has now launched a new US Treasury Delivery-Versus-Payment (DVP) repo service.,Euroclear has recently announced that it has now launched a new US Treasury Delivery-Versus-Payment (DVP) repo service.,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,True,English,"['Payment Repo Service', 'Euroclear', 'new US Treasury Delivery-Versus-Payment', 'DVP) repo service', 'Euroclear']",2025-02-20,2025-02-20,crowdfundinsider.com
48966,Clearstream,Bing API,https://www.msn.com/en-us/lifestyle/shopping/i-test-tv-antennas-for-a-living-and-the-antennas-direct-clearstream-eclipse-is-the-best-choice-for-most-people/ar-AA1zt94G,I test TV antennas for a living  and the Antennas Direct ClearStream Eclipse is the best choice for most people,The ClearStream Eclipse is an unobtrusive yet powerful antenna that's priced lower than much of its higher-end indoor antenna competition.,The ClearStream Eclipse is an unobtrusive yet powerful antenna that's priced lower than much of its higher-end indoor antenna competition.,positive,0.99,0.01,0.0,positive,0.57,0.43,0.0,True,English,"['ClearStream Eclipse', 'best choice', 'most people', 'TV antennas', 'living', 'unobtrusive yet powerful antenna', 'higher-end indoor antenna competition', 'The ClearStream Eclipse']",2025-02-20,2025-02-20,msn.com
48967,Deutsche Boerse,Bing API,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/blackrock-unveils-european-active-flexible-214539181.html,BlackRock Unveils European Active Flexible Income ETF,BlackRock Inc. has expanded its active fixed-income range with the launch of a flexible income ETF in Europe. The iShares € Flexible Income Bond Active UCITS ETF (IFLX) is listed on Euronext Amsterdam and Deutsche Borse with a total expense ratio (TER) of 0.,"Europe InvestingBlackRock Inc. has expanded its active fixed-income range with the launch of a flexible income ETF in Europe.The iShares € Flexible Income Bond Active UCITS ETF (IFLX) is listed on Euronext Amsterdam and Deutsche Borse with a total expense ratio (TER) of 0.40%.Benchmarked against the Bloomberg Euro Aggregate Bond index  IFLX aims to “maximize income” by investing in a range of fixed-income securities  including government and corporate bonds  across both developed and emerging markets.IFLX uses a flexible approach to credit quality  allowing investments in investment-grade  non-investment-grade and unrated securities  with up to 60% exposure to non-investment-grade assets.IFLX also uses financial derivatives to generate additional income.BlackRock's iShares Flexible IncomeIn a recent ETF Interview  iShares EMEA product head Manuela Sperandeo noted her team had been looking at the opportunity set for active outcome and income strategies across asset classes  following strong traction among goal-based investors in the U.S.""Last year ... a category we usually classify as outcome strategies—delivering income and non-linear participation in the market—have been very prevalent in the US "" she said.""As investors move increasingly towards goal-based investing  we can expect to see more interest in this outcome-oriented way of conceiving products.""IFLX's arrival comes after ETF Stream revealed the launch of the iShares € Cash UCITS ETF (YCSH) last November.Elsewhere in active fixed-income launches  Jupiter Asset Management unveiled an actively managed global government bond ETF via the HANetf white-label platform.Goldman Sachs Asset Management (GSAM) also launched its first actively managed ETFs in Europe with two investment-grade corporate bond ETFs.The launches coincide with European professional investors warming up to active fixed-income ETFs. In a recent survey conducted by ETF Stream  29.4% said they allocate between 1% and 10% of their portfolios to active fixed-income ETFs  up from 20% of respondents the year before.New York-based BlackRock is the No. 1 US ETF issuer  with $3.04 trillion in 438 exchange-traded funds.This article was originally published by etf.com sister publication ETF Stream.Permalink | © Copyright 2025 etf.com. All rights reserved",neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,neutral,0.03,0.96,0.01,True,English,"['European Active Flexible Income ETF', 'BlackRock', 'The iShares € Flexible Income Bond Active UCITS ETF', 'Bloomberg Euro Aggregate Bond index', 'two investment-grade corporate bond ETFs', 'iShares € Cash UCITS ETF', 'iShares EMEA product head', 'global government bond ETF', 'etf.com sister publication', 'Goldman Sachs Asset Management', 'No. 1 US ETF issuer', 'flexible income ETF', 'Jupiter Asset Management', 'active fixed-income ETFs', 'recent ETF Interview', 'total expense ratio', 'up to 60% exposure', 'HANetf white-label platform', 'active fixed-income range', 'active fixed-income launches', 'European professional investors', 'New York-based BlackRock', 'flexible approach', 'active outcome', 'ETF Stream', 'corporate bonds', 'asset classes', 'fixed-income securities', 'additional income', 'income strategies', 'recent survey', 'investment-grade assets', 'BlackRock Inc.', 'Euronext Amsterdam', 'Deutsche Borse', 'emerging markets', 'credit quality', 'unrated securities', 'financial derivatives', 'Manuela Sperandeo', 'strong traction', 'goal-based investors', 'U.S.', 'outcome strategies', 'non-linear participation', 'goal-based investing', 'outcome-oriented way', '438 exchange-traded funds', 'Europe Investing', 'IFLX', 'developed', 'investments', 'team', 'opportunity', 'category', 'interest', 'products', 'arrival', 'YCSH', 'GSAM', 'portfolios', 'respondents', 'article', 'Permalink', 'Copyright', 'rights']",2025-02-20,2025-02-20,finance.yahoo.com
48968,Deutsche Boerse,Bing API,https://www.crypto-news-flash.com/germanys-front-runner-friedrich-merz/,Germany’s Chancellor Front-Runner Friedrich Merz Signals Shift in Crypto Policy,Friedrich Merz leads Germany's election  signaling financial reforms  while Alice Weidel’s AfD pushes for radical crypto deregulation.,Friedrich Merz leads Germany’s election with a pro-business agenda that could indirectly benefit crypto and fintech sectors.Alice Weidel’s AfD proposes radical crypto deregulation  challenging Germany’s traditional financial stability approach.Germany’s upcoming federal election on February 23  2025  could mark a turning point in the nation’s approach to cryptocurrency and financial innovation. Friedrich Merz  leader of the center-right Christian Democratic Union (CDU)  leads the race with a pro-business and innovation-driven platform.His main rival  Alice Weidel of the far-right Alternative for Germany (AfD)  advocates for aggressive crypto reforms and full deregulation of digital assets. With Germany’s influential role in European financial policy  the election’s outcome may shape the country’s stance on digital currencies and financial innovation.Merz’s Pro-Business Agenda and Measured Crypto OutlookFriedrich Merz has built his campaign on promises of economic revitalization  pro-business policies  and financial reform. Before entering politics  Merz held prominent financial roles  including chairman of BlackRock Germany’s supervisory board and senior positions at HSBC Trinkaus & Burkhardt. He also served on the boards of Deutsche Börse  EY Germany  and Borussia Dortmund  reinforcing his financial expertise.To address Germany’s economic stagnation  Merz proposes cutting corporate and income taxes  reducing bureaucratic red tape  and expanding venture capital opportunities to establish Germany as a global startup hub. His platform includes creating a ministerial position for artificial intelligence and digitization  aligning with global trends toward technological innovation.While Merz is not an outspoken crypto advocate  his economic policies could indirectly benefit the digital asset industry. His administration would likely support the introduction of a digital euro  but only if it proves beneficial. A recent survey from Germany’s central bank revealed that half of Germans would “definitely” or “probably” use a digital euro  highlighting growing public interest in central bank digital currencies (CBDCs). Merz aims to balance innovation with regulation  maintaining financial stability while encouraging technological growth.Weidel’s Aggressive Pro-Crypto Push and Radical Financial ProposalsAlice Weidel  leader of the AfD  has taken a far more aggressive stance on cryptocurrency and financial reform. Her platform calls for full deregulation of Bitcoin and other digital assets  promoting a decentralized financial system with minimal government oversight. Endorsed by Elon Musk  Weidel’s proposals include Germany’s exit from the euro—an idea that has sparked significant debate within the financial community.Though trailing in the polls  Weidel’s strong pro-crypto rhetoric has resonated with segments of the digital asset community. Her policies  if implemented  would position Germany as one of the most crypto-friendly regulatory environments globally. As reported by CNF  AfD’s push for extensive crypto deregulation stands out in this election  setting the stage for a potential overhaul of Germany’s digital finance laws.Weidel’s radical proposals represent a stark contrast to Merz’s cautious  business-driven approach. Her vision prioritizes financial autonomy and deregulation  which  while appealing to crypto advocates  raises concerns about market volatility and EU relations.Germany’s Financial Future: Innovation Versus RegulationAs Europe’s largest economy  Germany’s financial policies carry significant weight within the European Union. A Merz-led government would likely pursue a balanced approach  focusing on reducing bureaucracy while cautiously embracing digital innovation. His plans include strengthening the European Capital Markets Union and positioning Germany as a leader in venture capital and startups through tax incentives.Merz’s platform also emphasizes combating financial crime  with proposals to create a customs police force targeting money laundering and financial misconduct. This regulatory focus suggests that  while supportive of financial innovation  Merz would prioritize oversight and market stability.Conversely  Weidel’s approach signals a radical departure from traditional policies. Her aggressive push for crypto deregulation challenges the CDU’s measured stance and could disrupt Germany’s economic alignment with the EU.As discussed earlier by CNF  the president of the Deutsche Bundesbank  Joachim Nagelt  has expressed skepticism toward cryptocurrencies. Speaking at an OMFIF lecture in association with the London School of Economics  Nagel dismissed the idea of Bitcoin as a reserve asset and warned of the uncertain impact of CBDCs on economic policy. Despite this  the Bundesbank remains a strong proponent of the digital euro.Recommended for you:,neutral,0.0,0.99,0.01,positive,0.91,0.09,0.0,True,English,"['Chancellor Front-Runner Friedrich Merz', 'Crypto Policy', 'Germany', 'Shift', 'center-right Christian Democratic Union', 'European Capital Markets Union', 'central bank digital currencies', 'traditional financial stability approach', 'bureaucratic red tape', 'growing public interest', 'A Merz-led government', 'customs police force', 'digital finance laws', 'Measured Crypto Outlook', 'Deutsche Börse', 'venture capital opportunities', 'global startup hub', 'outspoken crypto advocate', 'strong pro-crypto rhetoric', 'crypto-friendly regulatory environments', 'prominent financial roles', 'decentralized financial system', 'digital asset industry', 'cautious, business-driven approach', 'other digital assets', 'aggressive crypto reforms', 'minimal government oversight', 'European financial policy', 'digital asset community', 'extensive crypto deregulation', 'upcoming federal election', 'Aggressive Pro-Crypto Push', 'radical crypto deregulation', 'Innovation Versus Regulation', 'Radical Financial Proposals', 'European Union', 'financial community', 'traditional policies', 'market stability', 'reserve asset', 'digital innovation', 'global trends', 'crypto advocates', 'regulatory focus', 'radical departure', 'aggressive push', 'economic policy', 'strong proponent', 'financial innovation', 'financial reform', 'financial expertise', 'financial autonomy', 'Financial Future', 'financial crime', 'financial misconduct', 'digital euro', 'radical proposals', 'balanced approach', 'full deregulation', 'financial policies', 'fintech sectors', 'turning point', 'main rival', 'right Alternative', 'influential role', 'economic revitalization', 'supervisory board', 'senior positions', 'HSBC Trinkaus', 'Borussia Dortmund', 'economic stagnation', 'income taxes', 'ministerial position', 'artificial intelligence', 'technological innovation', 'recent survey', 'technological growth', 'Elon Musk', 'significant debate', 'potential overhaul', 'stark contrast', 'market volatility', 'largest economy', 'significant weight', 'tax incentives', 'money laundering', 'economic alignment', 'Deutsche Bundesbank', 'Joachim Nagelt', 'OMFIF lecture', 'London School', 'uncertain impact', 'aggressive stance', 'economic policies', 'pro-business agenda', 'EU relations', 'Alice Weidel', 'Friedrich Merz', 'innovation-driven platform', 'BlackRock Germany', 'EY Germany', 'AfD', 'February', 'cryptocurrency', 'leader', 'CDU', 'race', 'outcome', 'country', 'campaign', 'promises', 'politics', 'chairman', 'Burkhardt', 'boards', 'corporate', 'digitization', 'administration', 'introduction', 'half', 'Germans', 'CBDCs', 'Bitcoin', 'exit', 'idea', 'polls', 'segments', 'CNF', 'stage', 'vision', 'concerns', 'bureaucracy', 'plans', 'startups', 'president', 'skepticism', 'cryptocurrencies', 'association', 'Economics']",2025-02-20,2025-02-20,crypto-news-flash.com
48969,Deutsche Boerse,Bing API,https://markets.businessinsider.com/news/stocks/defi-technologies-charges-ahead-as-digital-asset-adoption-accelerates-1034387691,DeFi Technologies Charges Ahead as Digital Asset Adoption Accelerates,DeFi Technologies (CBOE:DEFI)(OTC:DEFTF)  a Canadian company  is set to make a significant impact on the digital asset investing scene in 2025.,DeFi Technologies (CBOE:DEFI)(OTC:DEFTF)  a Canadian company  is set to make a significant impact on the digital asset investing scene in 2025. With favorable government policies in both Canada and the United States  the company is in a prime position to lead the global decentralized finance (DeFi) sector.Discover the Best Stocks and Maximize Your Portfolio:See what stocks are receiving strong buy ratings from top-rated analysts.Filter  analyze  and streamline your search for investment opportunities with TipRanks’ Stock Screener.Bridging Traditional Finance and BlockchainFounded in 2020  DeFi Technologies aims to connect traditional finance with the rapidly growing world of decentralized finance. They offer investors a way to tap into digital assets like Bitcoin  Ethereum  and Solana through familiar investment channels. This means you don’t have to navigate the complexities of owning cryptocurrencies directly.Their main tool for this is Exchange Traded Products (ETPs)  provided through their subsidiary  Valour Inc. These ETPs are available on major European stock exchanges  such as the Frankfurt Stock Exchange and the Spotlight Stock Market. This setup allows investors to gain exposure to leading cryptocurrencies and unique assets  like the Uniswap (UNI) ETP—the first of its kind globally. In essence  DeFi Technologies makes it easier for traditional investors to access the digital asset market without diving into the deep end of crypto ownership.Beyond ETPs  DeFi Technologies is actively involved in decentralized blockchain networks. They participate in activities that support network security  governance  and transaction validation. This hands-on approach not only strengthens their operations but also places them at the forefront of blockchain innovation.DEFI Is on a Strong Financial TrajectoryFinancially  the company is on a strong upward trajectory. As of January 31  2025  Valour reported C$1.4 billion (US$1.009 billion) in Assets Under Management (AUM)  reflecting a 23% increase from the previous month. This growth was driven by rising digital asset prices and continued net inflows of C$48 million (US$33.5 million) in January  fueled by strong demand for ETPs such as XRP (XRP-USD)  SUI (SUI-USD)  and DOGE (DOGE-USD).Additionally  Valour ended January with a cash and USDT balance of approximately C$27.2 million (US$18.9 million)  reflecting a 24.9% increase from the prior month.This financial success is mirrored in their stock performance. Trading under the ticker “DEFI” on the CBOE Canada  the stock hit an all-time high of C$5.24 on December 6  2024  a significant jump from its 52-week low of C$0.37. This surge reflects the growing prominence of the cryptocurrency sector and investor confidence in the company’s direction.Leading the charge is CEO Olivier Roussy Newton  who is dedicated to expanding investor access to decentralized technologies. The company’s mission is to identify innovative opportunities within the DeFi space and invest in technologies that offer diversified exposure to the decentralized ecosystem. This forward-thinking approach ensures that DeFi Technologies remains a key player in merging traditional financial markets with decentralized platforms.Government Initiatives Fuel Blockchain AdoptionCanada has been proactive in embracing blockchain technology. The Canadian Securities Administrators (CSA) have developed a regulatory framework that integrates digital assets into the financial system. This has led to the approval of crypto-based exchange-traded funds (ETFs)  positioning Canada as a leader in blockchain innovation.Additionally  Canada’s 2025 National Cyber Security Strategy highlights the importance of securing digital infrastructures  including blockchain technologies. This strategy demonstrates the government’s commitment to fostering innovation while ensuring the security of digital assets.In the United States  President Donald Trump’s administration has also shown support for digital assets and blockchain technology. In January 2025  President Trump signed Executive Order 14178  titled “Strengthening American Leadership in Digital Financial Technology.” This order emphasizes the administration’s commitment to supporting the growth of digital assets across the economy. It revokes previous directives that hindered blockchain innovation and prohibits the establishment of a central bank digital currency  signaling a clear endorsement of decentralized financial systems.Global Trends Propel DeFi GrowthIn Asia  Hong Kong has made strides by potentially accepting cryptocurrencies as proof of wealth for immigration purposes  according to Reuters. This reflects a broader acceptance of digital assets in financial and governmental sectors.Furthermore  DeFi Technologies is expanding into key markets such as Asia  the Middle East and Africa by recently signing a Memorandum of Understanding (MOU) with AsiaNext  a leading Singapore-based securities exchange and an MOU with the Nairobi Stock Exchange.DeFi Technologies Rides the Crypto ETP TrendIn 2024  the crypto world saw a massive surge in Exchange-Traded Products (ETPs)  and DeFi Technologies was right there  riding the trend. When the U.S. greenlit spot Bitcoin ETPs in January 2024  it was like opening the floodgates—investors poured in  eager to get a piece of the action. BlackRock’s iShares Bitcoin Trust ETF (IBIT)  for instance  pulled in a whopping $50 billion in assets that year. This set a new record  according to iShares.Europe wasn’t left behind. Deutsche Börse reported that their ETF and ETP assets hit an all-time high of €1.83 trillion in 2024  with trading volumes up by 28%  reaching €230.8 billion.DeFi Technologies  through its subsidiary Valour Inc.  jumped on this trend by rolling out a variety of crypto ETPs. In fact  Valour plans to have a total of 100 ETPs by the end of 2025.Is DeFi Technologies a Buy?Analysts remain bullish about DeFi Technologies stock  with a Strong Buy consensus rating based on 3 Buys. Over the past year  DEFI has increased by more than 410% and the average DEFI price target of C$6.64 implies an upside potential of 54.06% from current levels.,neutral,0.0,0.99,0.0,neutral,0.04,0.95,0.01,True,English,"['Digital Asset Adoption Accelerates', 'DeFi Technologies', 'CEO Olivier Roussy Newton', 'The Canadian Securities Administrators', 'major European stock exchanges', 'central bank digital currency', 'digital asset investing scene', 'rising digital asset prices', 'leading Singapore-based securities exchange', '2025 National Cyber Security Strategy', 'digital asset market', 'Exchange Traded Products', 'crypto-based exchange-traded funds', 'Frankfurt Stock Exchange', 'Nairobi Stock Exchange', 'strong buy ratings', 'strong upward trajectory', 'TipRanks’ Stock Screener', 'Spotlight Stock Market', 'familiar investment channels', 'Strong Financial Trajectory', 'Fuel Blockchain Adoption', 'favorable government policies', 'President Donald Trump', 'decentralized financial systems', 'decentralized blockchain networks', 'Crypto ETP Trend', 'Digital Financial Technology', 'global decentralized finance', 'traditional financial markets', 'President Trump', 'strong demand', 'stock performance', 'digital infrastructures', 'digital assets', 'investment opportunities', 'Traditional Finance', 'UNI) ETP', 'Global Trends', 'key markets', 'blockchain technology', 'financial success', 'decentralized ecosystem', 'decentralized platforms', 'network security', 'leading cryptocurrencies', 'decentralized technologies', 'Canadian company', 'blockchain technologies', 'significant impact', 'United States', 'prime position', 'top-rated analysts', 'growing world', 'main tool', 'deep end', 'crypto ownership', 'transaction validation', 'previous month', 'net inflows', 'USDT balance', 'prior month', 'significant jump', '52-week low', 'growing prominence', 'cryptocurrency sector', 'investor confidence', 'investor access', 'innovative opportunities', 'key player', 'Government Initiatives', 'regulatory framework', 'American Leadership', 'previous directives', 'clear endorsement', 'Hong Kong', 'immigration purposes', 'broader acceptance', 'governmental sectors', 'Middle East', 'unique assets', 'blockchain innovation', 'DeFi) sector', 'DeFi space', 'DeFi Technologies', 'traditional investors', 'Best Stocks', 'diversified exposure', 'forward-thinking approach', 'Executive Order', 'Valour Inc', 'DeFi Growth', 'CBOE Canada', 'OTC', 'DEFTF', 'Portfolio', 'search', 'rapidly', 'way', 'Bitcoin', 'Ethereum', 'Solana', 'complexities', 'ETPs', 'subsidiary', 'setup', 'kind', 'essence', 'activities', 'governance', 'hands', 'operations', 'forefront', 'January', 'Management', 'AUM', '23% increase', 'XRP', 'SUI', 'DOGE', 'cash', '24.9% increase', 'ticker', 'high', 'December', 'surge', 'direction', 'charge', 'mission', 'CSA', 'approval', 'ETFs', 'importance', 'commitment', 'administration', 'support', 'economy', 'establishment', 'Asia', 'strides', 'proof', 'wealth', 'Reuters', 'Africa', 'Memorandum', 'Understanding', 'MOU']",2025-02-20,2025-02-20,markets.businessinsider.com
48970,Deutsche Boerse,Bing API,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/nodal-exchange-north-americas-largest-143000974.html,Nodal Exchange  North America's Largest Power Futures Exchange  to Expand Operations in Fairfax County,Nodal Exchange  LLC  North America's largest power futures exchange and a subsidiary of the Deutsche Boerse Group's EEX Group  will invest $300 000 to expand its operations in the Tysons area of Fairfax County.,"Fairfax County  Virginia--(Newsfile Corp. - February 20  2025) - Nodal Exchange  LLC  North America's largest power futures exchange and a subsidiary of the Deutsche Boerse Group's EEX Group  will invest $300 000 to expand its operations in the Tysons area of Fairfax County. The expansion will create 33 new jobs.""Fairfax County is an ideal location for attracting and retaining the highly educated and diverse team necessary for operating Nodal Exchange and Nodal Clear  and we are thrilled to be able to continue to grow and further expand here "" said Nodal Exchange and Nodal Clear Chairman and CEO Paul Cusenza. ""It is also centrally located for our trading and clearing community and in close proximity to our regulators in Washington  D.C.""Nodal Exchange provides price  credit  and liquidity risk management solutions through the world's largest sets of environmental and electric power futures and options contracts. All transactions are cleared through its wholly owned subsidiary  Nodal Clear  which employs an award-winning portfolio margining methodology.""Congratulations to Nodal Exchange on your expansion and thank you for being a vital part of Fairfax County's dynamic and innovative business community."" said Fairfax County Board of Supervisors Chairman Jeffrey C. McKay. ""Your groundbreaking work in energy and financial markets showcases the excellence that defines our community and inspires economic growth.""The company has developed most of its trading and clearing platforms in-house  demonstrating its commitment to technological innovation. As part of the Deutsche Boerse Group's EEX Group  Nodal Exchange contributes to a global network of energy and commodity markets.""We are proud to celebrate Nodal Exchange's second expansion in Fairfax County in three years"" said Victor Hoskins  president and CEO of Fairfax County Economic Development Authority (FCEDA). ""Their achievements highlight the strength of Fairfax County as a hub for business excellence  and we look forward to seeing the continued impact that Nodal Exchange will have both on our local economy and community.""Fairfax County Economic Development Authority worked with the Virginia Economic Development Partnership to secure the project for Fairfax County. Funding and services to support the company's employee recruitment and training activities will be provided through the Virginia Jobs Investment Program (VJIP).""Nodal Exchange's expansion in Fairfax County demonstrates Virginia's ability to attract and retain global financial technology leaders "" said Governor Glenn Youngkin. ""As North America's largest power futures exchange  Nodal Exchange showcases how international firms can thrive in the Commonwealth while developing innovative solutions for the world's energy markets. This expansion reinforces Virginia's position as a premier location for businesses at the intersection of finance and technology.""Story Continues",neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,positive,0.88,0.12,0.0,True,English,"['Largest Power Futures Exchange', 'Nodal Exchange', 'North America', 'Fairfax County', 'Operations', 'Fairfax County Economic Development Authority', 'award-winning portfolio margining methodology', 'liquidity risk management solutions', 'Virginia Economic Development Partnership', 'Virginia Jobs Investment Program', 'largest power futures exchange', 'global financial technology leaders', 'electric power futures', 'Governor Glenn Youngkin', 'Deutsche Boerse Group', 'Jeffrey C. McKay', 'Fairfax County Board', 'CEO Paul Cusenza', 'Nodal Clear Chairman', 'innovative business community', 'economic growth', 'innovative solutions', 'largest sets', '33 new jobs', 'financial markets', 'global network', 'EEX Group', 'D.C', 'Supervisors Chairman', 'Nodal Exchange', 'Newsfile Corp.', 'North America', 'Tysons area', 'ideal location', 'diverse team', 'close proximity', 'options contracts', 'groundbreaking work', 'clearing platforms', 'technological innovation', 'commodity markets', 'three years', 'Victor Hoskins', 'business excellence', 'continued impact', 'local economy', 'employee recruitment', 'training activities', 'international firms', 'premier location', 'clearing community', 'vital part', 'energy markets', 'second expansion', 'February', 'subsidiary', 'operations', 'educated', 'trading', 'regulators', 'Washington', 'credit', 'world', 'environmental', 'transactions', 'Congratulations', 'dynamic', 'company', 'house', 'commitment', 'president', 'FCEDA', 'Their', 'achievements', 'strength', 'hub', 'project', 'Funding', 'services', 'VJIP', 'ability', 'Commonwealth', 'position', 'businesses', 'intersection', 'finance', 'Story']",2025-02-20,2025-02-20,finance.yahoo.com
48971,Deutsche Boerse,Bing API,https://www.cityam.com/london-stock-exchange-group-upgraded-ahead-of-results/,London Stock Exchange Group upgraded ahead of results,London Stock Exchange Group has been upgraded by analysts as investors prepare for the bourse's full-year results.,London Stock Exchange Group upgraded ahead of resultsLondon Stock Exchange Group is set to report its full-year results next week.Analysts have upgraded London Stock Exchange Group as investors prepare for the bourse’s full-year results next week  with hopes that a further share buyback programme will be announced.In a research note today  RBC Capital Markets analysts upgraded the London Stock Exchange Group’s target price from 11 600p to 12 500p.The stock is currently sitting at 11 680p  and has risen more than 32 per cent in the last year.“Despite strong recent performance  we believe the shares are well positioned to perform over 2025  with earnings per share growth and re-rating potential both serving as potential drivers ” said RBC analyst Ben Bathurst.Bathurst added that a rise in deregulation and uncertainty worldwide following Donald Trump’s election to the US presidency should both be boons to the bourse  as data becomes increasingly necessary to understand financial markets.Despite constant fears over the number of firms delisting from the London Stock Exchange  the company brings in less than four per cent of its gross profits from its equity business.Bonds and derivatives now bring in more than five times the £180m the bourse made from stocks in the first nine months of 2024.Concerns over the trading floor have even reached a point that significant investors in the London Stock Exchange have called for the firm to sell its exchange and rebrand as a tech firm.Blue Whale manager Stephen Yiu said last month that LSEG’s shareholders “don’t really care” about the exchange  and its problems were “overshadowing” the success of its data business.The London Stock Exchange’s data and analytics business now makes up around two-thirds of revenue after its deal with Microsoft.The group’s stock price currently sits at 26 times its projected 2026 earnings  15 per cent below other data providers on the market.“Given the improving growth outlook  we believe the argument for LSEG’s discount to data provider peers has been further weakened ” Bathurst said.Last year  London Stock Exchange finished a £1bn share buyback programme  and another appeal of the stock is that RBC expects further capital returns to be announced in next week’s results.In a research note last week on the German stock exchange Deutsche Boerse  Bathurst again favoured LSEG  stating it had better prospects for capital return and “clearer re-rating potential” compared to its competitor.Growth is also expected to remain strong  with consensus estimates expecting adjusted operating profit for the group to be up nine per cent from 2023.“For 2025  we expect the diverse business model to deliver continued strong underlying earnings and free cash flow growth  supported by recent investments  enhanced by bolt-on acquisitions ” Bathurst explained.,neutral,0.34,0.65,0.01,negative,0.0,0.25,0.75,True,English,"['London Stock Exchange Group', 'results', 'free cash flow growth', '£1bn share buyback programme', 'The London Stock Exchange', 'London Stock Exchange Group', 'RBC analyst Ben Bathurst', 'RBC Capital Markets analysts', 'German stock exchange', 'four per cent', 'Blue Whale manager', 'strong recent performance', 'improving growth outlook', 'diverse business model', 'first nine months', 'other data providers', 'data provider peers', 'clearer re-rating potential', 'strong underlying earnings', 'share growth', 'financial markets', 'stock price', 'capital returns', 'recent investments', 'equity business', 'data business', 'analytics business', 'research note', 'target price', 'last year', 'potential drivers', 'Donald Trump', 'US presidency', 'constant fears', 'gross profits', 'trading floor', 'Stephen Yiu', 'next week', 'Deutsche Boerse', 'consensus estimates', 'operating profit', 'full-year results', 'five times', 'significant investors', 'tech firm', '2026 earnings', '26 times', 'bourse', 'hopes', '500p', 'shares', 'rise', 'deregulation', 'uncertainty', 'election', 'boons', 'number', 'firms', 'company', 'less', 'Bonds', 'derivatives', 'stocks', 'Concerns', 'point', 'LSEG', 'shareholders', 'problems', 'success', 'two-thirds', 'revenue', 'deal', 'Microsoft', 'argument', 'discount', 'appeal', 'prospects', 'competitor', 'bolt', 'acquisitions', '12']",2025-02-20,2025-02-20,cityam.com
48972,Deutsche Boerse,Bing API,https://uk.news.yahoo.com/london-stock-exchange-group-sees-150716066.html,London Stock Exchange Group sees upgrade by RBC ahead of results,Analysts have raised their ratings for London Stock Exchange Group (LSEG) ahead of the company's full-year results scheduled for next week  with expectations that a new share buyback initiative might be unveiled.,"Analysts have raised their ratings for London Stock Exchange Group (LSEG) ahead of the company's full-year results scheduled for next week  with expectations that a new share buyback initiative might be unveiled.In a research note released today  experts at RBC Capital Markets elevated LSEG's price objective from 11 600p to an optimistic 12 500p  as reported by City AM.Currently trading at around 11 680p  the stock has climbed over 32% in the past twelve months.READ MORE: Lloyds Bank profits tumble 20% as it warns of 'immediate challenges' - but shares climbREAD MORE: HSBC shares hit 20-year high ahead of results as bank 'to start job cuts this week'ADVERTISEMENT""Despite strong recent performance  we believe the shares are well positioned to perform over 2025  with earnings per share growth and re-rating potential both serving as potential drivers "" commented RBC analyst Ben Bathurst.Further propelling the favourable outlook is the anticipated deregulation and global uncertainty since Donald Trump’s ascension to the US presidency  situations which Bathurst noted tend to increase reliance on comprehensive market data.Amid persistent unease about the number of entities delisting from the London Stock Exchange  the institution earns a mere fraction  less than four percent of its gross profits  from equities trade.Income from bonds and derivatives now generate more than fivefold the £180m accrued from stock dealings throughout the initial nine months of 2024.Even so  tensions regarding the traditional trading floor's viability have escalated to such an extent that key investors in LSEG are advocating for the organisation to divest its historic trading platform and reinvent itself as a technology enterprise.ADVERTISEMENTBlue Whale manager Stephen Yiu commented last month that LSEG's shareholders ""don't really care"" about the exchange  and its issues were ""overshadowing"" the success of its data business. The London Stock Exchange Group's (LSEG) data and analytics division now accounts for roughly two-thirds of its revenue following its deal with Microsoft.The group's shares are currently valued at 26 times its estimated earnings for 2026  which is 15% lower than other data providers in the market. ""Given the improving growth outlook  we believe the argument for LSEG's discount to data provider peers has been further weakened "" Bathurst remarked.Last year  the London Stock Exchange completed a £1bn share buyback programme  and another draw for investors is RBC's anticipation of additional capital returns to be declared in the forthcoming results next week. In a recent research note on Deutsche Boerse  the German stock exchange  Bathurst once again showed a preference for LSEG  citing better prospects for capital return and ""clearer re-rating potential"" compared to its rival.Moreover  growth is anticipated to stay robust  with consensus forecasts predicting an adjusted operating profit increase of nine per cent for the group from 2023. ""For 2025  we expect the diverse business model to deliver continued strong underlying earnings and free cash flow growth  supported by recent investments  enhanced by bolt-on acquisitions "" Bathurst elaborated.Like this story? Why not sign up to get the latest business news straight to your inbox.",neutral,0.2,0.8,0.01,negative,0.0,0.22,0.78,True,English,"['London Stock Exchange Group', 'upgrade', 'RBC', 'results', 'The London Stock Exchange Group', 'new share buyback initiative', '£1bn share buyback programme', 'free cash flow growth', 'German stock exchange', 'past twelve months', 'initial nine months', 'traditional trading floor', 'historic trading platform', 'Blue Whale manager', 'operating profit increase', 'nine per cent', 'other data providers', 'data provider peers', 'strong recent performance', 'additional capital returns', 'diverse business model', 'latest business news', 'improving growth outlook', 'clearer re-rating potential', 'comprehensive market data', 'strong underlying earnings', 'RBC Capital Markets', 'recent research note', 'Lloyds Bank profits', 'share growth', 'data business', 'stock dealings', 'recent investments', 'favourable outlook', 'gross profits', 'next week', 'price objective', 'City AM', 'immediate challenges', 'job cuts', 'potential drivers', 'RBC analyst', 'global uncertainty', 'Donald Trump', 'US presidency', 'persistent unease', 'mere fraction', 'four percent', 'equities trade', 'technology enterprise', 'Stephen Yiu', 'analytics division', 'Deutsche Boerse', 'consensus forecasts', 'full-year results', 'forthcoming results', 'key investors', 'HSBC shares', 'Ben Bathurst', 'Analysts', 'ratings', 'LSEG', 'company', 'expectations', 'experts', 'optimistic 12', '680p', 'ADVERTISEMENT', 'deregulation', 'ascension', 'situations', 'reliance', 'number', 'entities', 'institution', 'less', 'Income', 'bonds', 'derivatives', 'tensions', 'viability', 'extent', 'organisation', 'shareholders', 'issues', 'success', 'two-thirds', 'revenue', 'Microsoft', '26 times', 'argument', 'discount', 'draw', 'anticipation', 'preference', 'prospects', 'rival', 'bolt', 'acquisitions', 'story', 'inbox']",2025-02-20,2025-02-20,uk.news.yahoo.com
48973,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.coindesk.com/markets/2025/02/19/wisdomtree-launches-etp-based-on-coindesk-20,Investment Giant WisdomTree Launches ETP Based on CoinDesk 20 at Consensus Hong Kong,WisdomTree's new product offers exposure to the largest digital assets,"HONG KONG – Investors in Europe can now get direct exposure to the CoinDesk 20  an index representing the largest crypto assets  thanks to a new exchange-traded product (ETP) from WisdomTree launched at Consensus Hong Kong.“The launch of the first CoinDesk 20 ETP with WisdomTree is a defining moment for digital asset investing in Europe "" Alan Campbell  President of CoinDesk Indices  said in a release. ""The CoinDesk 20 provides institutional investors with a streamlined way to access the largest digital assets beyond Bitcoin.""STORY CONTINUES BELOW Don't miss another story. Subscribe to the Crypto for Advisors Newsletter today . See all newsletters Sign me up By signing up  you will receive emails about CoinDesk products and you agree to our terms of use and privacy policy .WisdomTree's Physical CoinDesk 20 ETP (WCRP) offers exposure to the digital assets listed on the CoinDesk 20  in a similar way to other ETPs that offer exposure to traditional finance's S&P 500 or the NASDAQ.WCRP is listed on Deutsche Börse Xetra  the Swiss Stock Exchange SIX  and Euronext exchanges in Paris and Amsterdam.Additionally  WCRP generates a staking yield  allowing investors to benefit from rewards earned by helping secure the underlying blockchain networks.The CoinDesk 20 Index  launched in January 2024  has quickly become a key benchmark for digital asset investors  with over $14 billion in trading volume in its first year.",neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,negative,0.28,0.29,0.42,True,English,"['Investment Giant WisdomTree', 'Consensus Hong Kong', 'ETP', 'CoinDesk', 'Deutsche Börse Xetra', 'Swiss Stock Exchange SIX', 'new exchange-traded product', 'underlying blockchain networks', 'digital asset investing', 'largest digital assets', 'Consensus Hong Kong', 'largest crypto assets', 'digital asset investors', 'Physical CoinDesk 20 ETP', 'first CoinDesk 20 ETP', 'The CoinDesk 20 Index', 'first year', 'CoinDesk Indices', 'CoinDesk products', 'defining moment', 'Alan Campbell', 'Advisors Newsletter', 'privacy policy', 'other ETPs', 'traditional finance', 'S&P', 'Euronext exchanges', 'staking yield', 'key benchmark', 'trading volume', 'institutional investors', 'similar way', 'direct exposure', 'Europe', 'WisdomTree', 'launch', 'President', 'release', 'streamlined', 'Bitcoin', 'STORY', 'newsletters', 'emails', 'terms', 'use', 'WCRP', 'NASDAQ', 'Paris', 'Amsterdam', 'rewards', 'January']",2025-02-19,2025-02-20,coindesk.com
48974,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2025/02/19/3028463/0/en/Aedifica-NV-SA-2024-annual-results.html,Aedifica NV/SA: 2024 annual results,Please find below a press release from Aedifica (a public regulated real estate company under Belgian law  listed on Euronext Brussels and Euronext Amsterdam)  regarding its 2024 annual results.,Please find below a press release from Aedifica (a public regulated real estate company under Belgian law  listed on Euronext Brussels and Euronext Amsterdam)  regarding its 2024 annual results.Robust operational performance driving strong results above budgetEPRA Earnings* amounted to €234.6 million (+7% compared to 31 Dec. 2023) or €4.93/shareRental income increased to €338.1 million (+8% compared to 31 Dec. 2023)3.3% increase in rental income on a like-for-like basis over the yearWeighted average unexpired lease term of 19 years and occupancy rate of 100%Real estate portfolio* of over €6.2 billion as at 31 December 2024635 healthcare properties for nearly 49 400 end users across 8 countriesValuation of marketable investment properties increased  on a like-for-like basis  by 0.4% in Q4 and 0.7% YTDInvestment programme of €160 million in pre-let development projects and acquisitions in progress  of which €71 million remains to be invested. In 2024  31 projects were delivered for a total investment budget of €297 million15 divestments totalling €98 million realised as part of strategic asset rotation programmeSolid balance sheet and strong liquidity41.3% debt-to-assets ratio as at 31 December 2024€673 million of headroom on committed credit lines to finance CAPEX and liquidity needsLong-term bank (re)financing contracted for €355 millionAverage cost of debt* including commitment fees of 2.0%BBB investment-grade credit rating with a stable outlook reaffirmed by S&PEPRA NTA* increased to €76.63/share (compared to €74.18/share as at 31 Dec. 2023)OutlookProposed dividend of €3.90/share (gross) is confirmed (distribution in May 2025)  representing a pay-out ratio of 79% of consolidated EPRA EarningsEPRA Earnings* for 2025 are estimated at €238 million  or €5.01/shareAn increasing dividend of €4.00/share (gross) proposed for the 2025 financial yearAttachments,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,positive,0.87,0.13,0.0,True,English,"['Aedifica NV/SA', '2024 annual results', 'public regulated real estate company', 'Long-term bank (re)financing', 'BBB investment-grade credit rating', 'average unexpired lease term', 'strategic asset rotation programme', 'Real estate portfolio', 'committed credit lines', 'Robust operational performance', 'Solid balance sheet', 'marketable investment properties', 'pre-let development projects', 'Outlook Proposed dividend', '2025 financial year Attachments', 'total investment budget', 'consolidated EPRA Earnings', 'Investment programme', 'Average cost', '635 healthcare properties', 'stable outlook', 'increasing dividend', 'EPRA NTA', 'press release', 'Belgian law', 'Euronext Brussels', 'Euronext Amsterdam', '2024 annual results', 'strong results', 'Rental income', 'occupancy rate', '49,400 end users', 'strong liquidity', 'assets ratio', 'liquidity needs', 'commitment fees', 'S&P', 'pay-out ratio', '31 projects', 'Aedifica', '31 Dec.', '3.3% increase', 'basis', '19 years', '31 December', '8 countries', 'Valuation', 'Q4', '0.7% YTD', 'acquisitions', 'progress', '15 divestments', 'part', '41.3% debt', 'headroom', 'CAPEX', 'gross', 'distribution', 'May']",2025-02-19,2025-02-20,globenewswire.com
48975,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://thefly.com/permalinks/entry.php/id4073929/EUXTF-Euronext-price-target-raised-by-EUR--at-Deutsche-Bank,Euronext price target raised by EUR 9 at Deutsche Bank EUXTF,See the rest of the story here.thefly.com provides the latest financial news as it breaks. Known as a leader in market intelligence  The Fly's real-time  streaming news feed keeps individual investors  professional money managers  active traders  and corpor…,MonLGMK X LGMK LogicMarkSecondaryManagers: Roth MKMPriced at: $0.5924.4M SharesSpecial CommentsExclusive Analysis Locked Proprietary deal commentary available to members only. Sign up or login for access.Create FREE Account Proprietary deal commentary available to members only. Sign up or login for access. Managers:$0.5924.4M Shares OCS X OCS OculisSecondaryManagers: BofA & Leerink  PRTOPriced at: $20 005M SharesManagers:$20 005M Shares PTPI X PTPI Petros PharmaceuticalsSecondaryManagers: Dawson JamesPriced at: $0.2932.3M SharesSpecial CommentsExclusive Analysis Locked Proprietary deal commentary available to members only. Sign up or login for access.Create FREE Account Proprietary deal commentary available to members only. Sign up or login for access. Managers:$0.2932.3M Shares RCUS X RCUS Arcus BiosciencesSecondaryManagers: Goldman Sachs  Leerink & Evercore ISIPriced at: $11.0013.6M SharesManagers:$11.0013.6M Shares RSLS X RSLS ReShape LifesciencesSecondaryManagers: MaximPriced at: $2.332.6M SharesManagers:$2.332.6M Shares SLDB X SLDB Solid BiosciencesSpot SecondaryManagers: Jefferies  Leerink & William BlairPriced at: $4.0335.74M SharesSpecial CommentsExclusive Analysis Locked Proprietary deal commentary available to members only. Sign up or login for access.Create FREE Account Proprietary deal commentary available to members only. Sign up or login for access. Managers:$4.0335.74M Shares,neutral,0.0,0.99,0.01,negative,0.0,0.43,0.57,True,English,"['Euronext price target', 'Deutsche Bank EUXTF', 'SLDB X SLDB Solid Biosciences Spot Secondary Managers', 'Exclusive Analysis Locked Proprietary deal commentary', 'RCUS X RCUS Arcus Biosciences', 'FREE Account Proprietary deal commentary', 'Mon LGMK X LGMK LogicMark', 'PTPI X PTPI Petros Pharmaceuticals', 'RSLS X RSLS ReShape Lifesciences', 'OCS X OCS Oculis', '5M Shares Managers', '13.6M Shares Managers', '2.6M Shares Managers', '24.4M Shares', '32.3M Shares', '35.74M Shares', 'Roth MKM', 'Special Comments', 'Dawson James', 'Goldman Sachs', 'Evercore ISI', 'William Blair', 'members', 'access', 'BofA', 'Leerink', 'PRTO', 'Maxim', 'Jefferies']",2025-02-19,2025-02-20,thefly.com
48976,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2025/02/19/3029051/0/en/Voltalia-s-consensus-as-of-February-19-2025.html,Voltalia’s consensus as of February 19  2025,Voltalia’s consensus as of February 19  2025  Voltalia (Euronext Paris  code ISIN: FR0011995588)  an international player in renewable energies ...,Voltalia’s consensus as of February 19  2025Voltalia (Euronext Paris  code ISIN: FR0011995588)  an international player in renewable energies  publishes the equity analysts’ consensus  as of February 19  2025.in millions of euros 20241(average) 20252(average) 2025(maximum) 2025(minimum) 2025(median) Turnover 540 564 630 509 554 of which Energy Sales 343 409 435 395 404 of which Services 440 351 452 221 381 eliminations -243 -192 -107 -245 -222 EBITDA 216 244 253 237 244 of which Energy Sales 205 249 268 237 241 of which Services and Corporate costs 11 -4 16 -25 -3 Depreciations  amort.  prov. and others -132 -134 -123 -145 -133 EBIT 81 115 125 105 114 Financial result -87 -97 -94 -103 -96 Taxes -10 -14 -4 -25 -15 Net income -15 4 8 -8 7 Minority Interests 0 0 2 -2 -1 Net income (group share) -14 4 8 -7 7 Capex 596 593 700 550 560 Free Cash-Flow -371 -464 -383 -555 -462 Gross debt 2 238 2 525 2 664 2 281 2 630 Cash and equivalents 333 249 364 88 296 Net debt 1 897 2 284 2 369 2 193 2 266 Capacity in operation and in construction (in MW) 3 271 3 637 3 702 3 573 3 637 ow in operation (in MW) 2 516 3 056 3 112 3 000 3 055 ow in construction (in MW) 744 617 701 533 617Precisions regarding the consensus:Regarding the 2024 financial results  equity analysts' estimates take into account the ongoing business review and the cessation of the Equipment Procurement 3 activity in certain geographies. This non-recurrent impact  with no effect on EBITDA  is estimated by equity analysts at around 15 million euros.activity in certain geographies. This non-recurrent impact  with no effect on EBITDA  is estimated by equity analysts at around 15 million euros. Regarding the 2025 financial results  equity analysts' estimates take into account the following assumptions: Curtailment of the Brazilian annual production of around 10% (21% in 2024) 4 ; A prudent EUR/BRL exchange rate (note that the closing exchange rate as of December 31  2024 was 6.40); The commissioning of the large power plants currently under construction in the last quarter of 2025  (in South Africa and Uzbekistan).For information  this consensus does not take into account the impact of the SPRING4 transformation plan  of which the conclusions will be presented by the end of the first half of 2025.Note: The consensus is established by Voltalia on the basis of the estimates of equity analysts covering the company as of February 19  2025. These estimates reflect the opinions of analysts only and do not constitute a forecast or projection by Voltalia or its management. By publishing this consensus  Voltalia does not validate or endorse these information  conclusions or the recommendations derived from it.Next on the agenda: 2024 results  March 13  2025 (before market opening)About Voltalia (www.voltalia.com) Voltalia is an international player in renewable energies. The Group produces and sells electricity from its wind  solar  hydro  biomass and storage facilities. It has 3.3 GW of capacity in operation and under construction  and a portfolio of projects under development with a total capacity of 17.2 GW.Voltalia is also a service provider  supporting its renewable energy customers at every stage of their projects  from design to operation and maintenance.A pioneer in the business market  Voltalia offers a comprehensive range of services to businesses  from the supply of green electricity to energy efficiency services and the local production of its own electricity.With more than 2 000 employees in 20 countries on 3 continents  Voltalia has the capacity to act globally on behalf of its customers.Voltalia is listed on the Euronext regulated market in Paris (FR0011995588 - VLTSA) and is included in the Enternext Tech 40 and CAC Mid&Small indices. The company is also included  amongst others  in the MSCI ESG ratings and the Sustainalytics ratings. VoltaliaEmail: invest@voltalia.comT. +33 (0)1 81 70 37 00 Press Relations Seitosei.Actifin - Jennifer Julliajennifer.jullia@seitosei-actifin.comT. +33 (0)1 56 88 11 191 2024 consensus based on eight equity analysts’ contributions.2 2025 consensus based on five equity analysts’ contributions.3 January 29  2025  press release  on 2024 turnover  mentioning the decrease of the Equipment Procurement activity in 2024.4 January 29  2025  press release  on 2024 turnover.Attachment,neutral,0.04,0.96,0.0,mixed,0.25,0.33,0.42,True,English,"['Voltalia', 'consensus', 'February', 'CAC Mid&Small indices', 'prudent EUR/BRL exchange rate', 'eight equity analysts’ contributions', 'five equity analysts’ contributions', 'closing exchange rate', 'large power plants', 'SPRING4 transformation plan', 'before market opening', 'ongoing business review', 'Brazilian annual production', 'MSCI ESG ratings', 'Equipment Procurement 3 activity', 'Equipment Procurement activity', 'Euronext regulated market', 'Press Relations Seitosei', 'energy efficiency services', 'renewable energy customers', ""equity analysts' estimates"", 'business market', 'Energy Sales', 'local production', 'Sustainalytics ratings', 'renewable energies', 'press release', 'Euronext Paris', 'international player', 'Corporate costs', 'Financial result', 'Net income', 'Minority Interests', 'group share', 'Free Cash-Flow', 'Gross debt', 'Net debt', 'following assumptions', 'last quarter', 'South Africa', 'first half', 'The Group', 'hydro, biomass', 'storage facilities', 'service provider', 'comprehensive range', 'Enternext Tech', 'non-recurrent impact', '15 million euros', 'analysts’ consensus', 'green electricity', 'total capacity', 'Jennifer Jullia', '2024 results', '66 Capacity', '1 2024 consensus', '2 2025 consensus', 'Voltalia', 'February', 'code', 'ISIN', 'millions', 'average', 'minimum', 'Turnover', '221 381 eliminations', 'EBITDA', 'Depreciations', 'amort', 'prov.', 'others', 'Taxes', 'Capex', 'equivalents', 'operation', 'construction', 'MW', 'Precisions', 'account', 'cessation', 'geographies', 'effect', 'Curtailment', 'December', 'commissioning', 'Uzbekistan', 'information', 'conclusions', 'end', 'Note', 'basis', 'company', 'opinions', 'forecast', 'projection', 'management', 'March', '3.3 GW', 'portfolio', 'projects', 'development', '17.2 GW', 'stage', 'design', 'maintenance', 'pioneer', 'businesses', 'supply', '2,000 employees', '20 countries', '3 continents', 'behalf', 'VLTSA', 'Email', 'T.', 'Actifin', 'decrease', 'January', 'Attachment', '462']",2025-02-19,2025-02-20,globenewswire.com
48977,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2025/02/19/3029059/0/en/AMG-Schedule-for-Fourth-Quarter-and-Full-Year-2024-Earnings-Release.html,AMG Schedule for Fourth Quarter and Full Year 2024 Earnings Release,"Amsterdam  19 February 2025 --- AMG Critical Materials N.V. (""AMG""  EURONEXT AMSTERDAM: ""AMG"") will release its fourth quarter and full year 2024 financial results on Wednesday  February 26  2025  at approximately 18:00 CET. AMG will host a conference call to…","Amsterdam  19 February 2025 --- AMG Critical Materials N.V. (""AMG""  EURONEXT AMSTERDAM: ""AMG"") will release its fourth quarter and full year 2024 financial results on Wednesday  February 26  2025  at approximately 18:00 CET. AMG will host a conference call to discuss its financial results for the fourth quarter of 2024 at 15:00 CET (14:00 GMT / 9:00AM EST) on Thursday  February 27  2025.Please connect approximately 10 minutes prior to the beginning of the call to ensure participation. The call-in information is as follows:Toll-free number: 1-800-830-9649Alternate (toll) number: 1-213-992-4624United Kingdom: 44 0800 524 4760Netherlands: 31 20 795 2687When prompted for the conference ID  tell the operator AMGQ42024 and you will be directed onto the call. The conference call will be available on the website www.amg-nv.com within twenty-four hours following completion of the call.About AMGAMG's mission is to provide critical materials and related process technologies to advance a less carbon-intensive world. To this end  AMG is focused on the production and development of energy storage materials such as lithium  vanadium  and tantalum. In addition  AMG's products include highly engineered systems to reduce CO 2 in aerospace engines  as well as critical materials addressing CO 2 reduction in a variety of other end use markets.AMG’s Lithium segment spans the lithium value chain  reducing the CO 2 footprint of both suppliers and customers. AMG’s Vanadium segment is the world’s market leader in recycling vanadium from oil refining residues  spanning the Company’s vanadium  titanium  and chrome businesses. AMG’s Technologies segment is the established world market leader in advanced metallurgy and provides equipment engineering to the aerospace engine sector globally. It serves as the engineering home for the Company’s fast-growing LIVA batteries  and spans AMG’s mineral processing operations in graphite  antimony  and silicon metal.With approximately 3 600 employees  AMG operates globally with production facilities in Germany  the United Kingdom  France  the United States  China  Mexico  Brazil  India  and Sri Lanka  and has sales and customer service offices in Japan (www.amg-nv.com).For further information  please contact:AMG Critical Materials N.V. +1 610 975 4979Michele Fischermfischer@amg-nv.comDisclaimerCertain statements in this press release are not historical facts and are “forward looking”. Forward looking statements include statements concerning AMG’s plans  expectations  projections  objectives  targets  goals  strategies  future events  future revenues or performance  capital expenditures  financing needs  plans and intentions relating to acquisitions  AMG’s competitive strengths and weaknesses  plans or goals relating to forecasted production  reserves  financial position and future operations and development  AMG’s business strategy and the trends AMG anticipates in the industries and the political and legal environment in which it operates and other information that is not historical information. When used in this press release  the words “expects ” “believes ” “anticipates ” “plans ” “may ” “will ” “should ” and similar expressions  and the negatives thereof  are intended to identify forward looking statements. By their very nature  forward looking statements involve inherent risks and uncertainties  both general and specific  and risks exist that the predictions  forecasts  projections and other forward looking statements will not be achieved. These forward looking statements speak only as of the date of this press release. AMG expressly disclaims any obligation or undertaking to release publicly any updates or revisions to any forward looking statement contained herein to reflect any change in AMG's expectations with regard thereto or any change in events  conditions  or circumstances on which any forward looking statement is based.Attachment",neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,negative,0.0,0.19,0.81,True,English,"['AMG Schedule', 'Fourth Quarter', 'Full Year', '2024 Earnings Release', 'AMG Critical Materials N.V.', 'other end use markets', 'full year 2024 financial results', 'other forward looking statements', 'energy storage materials', 'oil refining residues', 'growing LIVA batteries', 'customer service offices', 'Alternate (toll) number', 'related process technologies', 'aerospace engine sector', 'mineral processing operations', 'less carbon-intensive world', 'lithium value chain', 'world market leader', 'other information', 'financial position', 'Toll-free number', 'aerospace engines', 'Technologies segment', 'future operations', 'fourth quarter', 'United Kingdom', 'conference ID', 'twenty-four hours', 'engineered systems', 'Lithium segment', 'chrome businesses', 'advanced metallurgy', 'equipment engineering', 'engineering home', 'silicon metal', 'United States', 'Sri Lanka', 'Michele Fischer', 'press release', 'historical facts', 'future revenues', 'capital expenditures', 'financing needs', 'competitive strengths', 'business strategy', 'legal environment', 'similar expressions', 'CO 2 reduction', 'CO 2 footprint', 'EURONEXT AMSTERDAM', 'future events', 'historical information', 'inherent risks', 'conference call', 'production facilities', 'Vanadium segment', 'Wednesday', 'February', '18:00 CET', '15:00 CET', '9:00AM', 'Thursday', 'beginning', 'participation', 'Netherlands', 'operator', 'website', 'completion', 'mission', 'development', 'tantalum', 'addition', 'products', 'variety', 'suppliers', 'customers', 'Company', 'titanium', 'graphite', 'antimony', '3,600 employees', 'Germany', 'France', 'China', 'Mexico', 'Brazil', 'India', 'sales', 'Japan', 'mfischer', 'Disclaimer', 'plans', 'expectations', 'projections', 'objectives', 'targets', 'goals', 'strategies', 'performance', 'intentions', 'acquisitions', 'weaknesses', 'reserves', 'trends', 'industries', 'political', 'words', 'expects', 'believes', 'negatives', 'nature', 'uncertainties', 'predictions', 'forecasts', 'date', 'obligation', 'undertaking', 'revisions', 'change', 'regard', 'conditions', 'circumstances', 'Attachment']",2025-02-19,2025-02-20,globenewswire.com
48978,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.hospitalitynet.org/news/4125908.html,Redefining Food Consumption: Savoring Sustainability at Sofitel Sanya Leeman Resort  China,As guest expectations evolve  Accor is transforming food consumption by prioritizing sustainability  local sourcing  and innovation. Through global actions like our Good Food Policy and local programs like 88 Bites  we are reshaping dining experiences with in…,As guest expectations evolve  Accor is transforming food consumption by prioritizing sustainability  local sourcing  and innovation. Through global actions like our Good Food Policy and local programs like 88 Bites  we are reshaping dining experiences with initiatives that support local communities and reduce environmental impact.A Shift in Food ConsumptionAs guest expectations evolve and society demands greater transparency and responsibility  Accor is dedicated to crafting meaningful and authentic dining experiences made with high-quality  local and organic ingredients. We strive to reinvent food habits and raise awareness  ensuring that sustainability is not just a choice — it reflects our culinary ethos  rooted in real actions and dedicated practices. Through responsible sourcing and innovation  we strive to create meals that are both memorable and mindful of our planet.With more than 10 000 restaurants and bars worldwide  our commitment carries significant weight. Our F&B operations are expansive and account for 12% of Accor’s carbon footprint  40% of our water footprint and 80% of our biodiversity impact. Recognizing this and in order to accelerate our movement towards a more sustainable food model  we recently launched our Good Food Policy  setting seven ambitious commitments to achieve by 2030.For us  this is more than an opportunity to improve ౼ it’s a responsibility to make sustainable options the top choice.Click here to download our Good Food PolicyCelebrating Sustainable Cuisine: Discover Executive Chef Decha’s Locally Inspired Creations at Sofitel Sanya Leeman ResortPerched on the shores of the South China Sea  Sofitel Sanya Leeman Resort embraces both the beauty of Hainan island and a deep commitment to sustainability. Rooted in local culture  the resort joined three other Accor hotels on the island to launch 88 Bites ౼ a year-long initiative celebrating sustainable cuisine  created on the initiative of Executive Chef Blair Ding at Sofitel Haikou. The challenge? Rotating each quarter  the Chefs each created 22 menu items that honor Hainan’s rich culinary heritage while showcasing the possibilities of eco-conscious dining.When it was his turn  Executive Chef Decha Chunhakhantharot at Sofitel Sanya Leeman crafted along with many other culinary delights a Cashew Nut Bread  highlighting the island’s beloved nut staple  Wild Wuzhishan Mushrooms Risotto  Wenchang Coconut Latte Mousse Cake  as well as the Chef’s favorites: a Hainan Mango Salad with Sanya green mango and local crab meat and the Certified Hainan Sea Bass with sour mango salad. Beyond showcasing innovative flavors  the program raised environmental awareness among guests and helped reduce the resorts’ carbon footprint by prioritizing ingredients sourced on the island  proving that sustainability and exceptional dining can go hand in hand.88 Bites is just one of many efforts at Sofitel Sanya Leeman Resort. Other initiatives include welcoming VIP guests with locally crafted gifts  repurposing coffee grounds into scented candles and prioritizing local food suppliers to reduce their impact from transportation. Together  these efforts not only celebrate the rich flavors of Hainan but also foster a culture of sustainability  inviting everyone to be part of the journey.About Accor  a world-leading hospitality groupAccor is a world leading hospitality group offering experiences across more than 110 countries  with over 5 600 properties  10 000 food & beverage venues  wellness facilities or flexible workspaces. The Group has one of the industry's most diverse hospitality ecosystems  encompassing more than 45 hotel brands from luxury to economy  as well as Lifestyle with Ennismore. Accor is focused on driving positive action through business ethics  responsible tourism  environmental sustainability  community engagement  diversity  and inclusivity. Founded in 1967  Accor SA is headquartered in France and publicly listed on Euronext Paris (ISIN code: FR0000120404) and on the OTC Market (Ticker: ACCYY) in the United States. For more information  please visit group.accor.com or follow us on X  Facebook  LinkedIn  Instagram and TikTok.,neutral,0.03,0.97,0.0,neutral,0.06,0.93,0.0,True,English,"['Sofitel Sanya Leeman Resort', 'Food Consumption', 'Sustainability', 'China', 'Wenchang Coconut Latte Mousse Cake', 'Wild Wuzhishan Mushrooms Risotto', 'Executive Chef Blair Ding', 'Executive Chef Decha Chunhakhantharot', 'Sofitel Sanya Leeman Resort', 'world leading hospitality group', 'Certified Hainan Sea Bass', 'many other culinary delights', 'three other Accor hotels', 'South China Sea', 'diverse hospitality ecosystems', 'Sanya green mango', 'F&B operations', 'seven ambitious commitments', 'Cashew Nut Bread', 'beloved nut staple', 'world-leading hospitality group', 'sour mango salad', 'rich culinary heritage', 'Good Food Policy', 'local crab meat', 'Celebrating Sustainable Cuisine', 'sustainable food model', 'resorts’ carbon footprint', 'local food suppliers', 'authentic dining experiences', 'Sofitel Haikou', 'culinary ethos', 'Other initiatives', 'Hainan Mango', 'sustainable options', 'many efforts', 'rich flavors', 'The Group', 'food consumption', 'food habits', 'water footprint', 'local sourcing', 'local programs', 'local communities', 'high-quality, local', 'eco-conscious dining', 'exceptional dining', 'guest expectations', 'global actions', 'A Shift', 'greater transparency', 'real actions', 'dedicated practices', 'responsible sourcing', 'significant weight', 'Inspired Creations', '22 menu items', 'innovative flavors', 'coffee grounds', 'beverage venues', 'wellness facilities', 'flexible workspaces', '45 hotel brands', 'positive action', 'business ethics', 'responsible tourism', 'community engagement', 'Euronext Paris', 'ISIN code', 'OTC Market', 'United States', 'local culture', 'environmental impact', 'biodiversity impact', 'Accor SA', 'accor.com', 'organic ingredients', 'top choice', 'deep commitment', 'year-long initiative', 'environmental awareness', 'VIP guests', 'Hainan island', 'environmental sustainability', '10,000 food', 'innovation', '88 Bites', 'society', 'responsibility', 'meaningful', 'meals', 'planet', '10,000 restaurants', 'bars', 'order', 'movement', 'opportunity', 'shores', 'beauty', 'challenge', 'Chefs', 'possibilities', 'turn', 'favorites', 'hand', 'gifts', 'scented', 'candles', 'transportation', 'everyone', 'part', 'journey', '110 countries', '5,600 properties', 'industry', 'luxury', 'economy', 'Lifestyle', 'Ennismore', 'inclusivity', 'France', 'Ticker', 'ACCYY', 'information', 'Facebook', 'LinkedIn', 'Instagram', 'TikTok']",2025-02-19,2025-02-20,hospitalitynet.org
48979,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.hospitalitynet.org/news/4125909.html,Accor’s latest white paper reveals a new era of wellness design in hospitality,Accor announced the release of a new white paper that will shape the future of the hospitality industry  ushering in a new era of spa and wellness design. Making Waves: Rethinking Spa and Wellness Design for a Modern Era shares the priorities for well-being t…,Accor announced the release of a new white paper that will shape the future of the hospitality industry  ushering in a new era of spa and wellness design. Making Waves: Rethinking Spa and Wellness Design for a Modern Era shares the priorities for well-being that Accor believes are most relevant now and how the global hospitality group is advancing innovative ways to deliver wellness through its unrivalled portfolio of global hospitality brands. The thought-provoking report leverages the insights  predictions and analysis garnered from a symposium held by Accor’s Global Well-being  Strategy  Design  and Development team  and features perspectives from Accor specialists and renowned industry experts around the world. Based on this collaborative forum  Making Waves  the white paper  explores the future of the wellness industry while touching on key consumer shifts and trends.Wellness has become a leading driver and differentiator for us  particularly in the areas of luxury and lifestyle design. It is also an exciting area of design that touches the hearts and lifts the spirits of our guests more profoundly than almost any other aspect of the hotel experience. With Making Waves  we aim to educate  inspire and innovate the ways in which the hospitality industry approaches wellness and well-being design. Anne Becker Olins  Global Chief Design & Technical Services Officer – Ultra Luxury & Luxury  AccorAccor’s research of 7 500 consumers across six countries revealed that wellness is a priority for 79 percent of its guests. This dovetails with the findings of industry experts  such as Skift’s 2023 Luxury Traveler Survey  which found 80 percent of travelers say well-being influences their travel decisions. Furthermore  according to ISPA’s 2024 spa-goer survey  Spa memberships are emerging as a significant trend in the wellness and hospitality industries  driven by a growing societal desire for self-care  relaxation and holistic well-being.One of the themes explored in Making Waves  is the shift toward membership clubs among hotel spas and fitness clubs. This is supported by Accor’s own push to lead the industry in building hotels not just for travelers  but for its local communities.We are approaching spa design in the same way - for the people who live next door or who work down the street. We are creating clubs  thermal facilities  wellness centers  and fitness offerings that are on par  or better  than the local gym. Our hotel spas are where the locals want to go to get fit  to be social  and to feel better. Emlyn Brown  Global SVP of Well-being  Strategy  Design  and Development at AccorMaking Waves explores how thermal wellness - such as the highly anticipated BASIN Glacial Waters facility set to open Summer 2025 at Fairmont Chateau Lake Louise - and wellness socializing are revolutionizing the delivery of spa and fitness in the hospitality industry. The rise of hot and cold plunge circuits reflects a rapidly growing consumer interest in holistic wellness and natural therapies  which are evident in Accor concepts like The Purist. At the same time  a new generation of spa-goers are enthusiastically pursuing social wellness experiences such as group bathing  sauna  and water-based therapy clubs as healthier alternatives to socializing in bars or nightclubs.Other areas of content in the white paper include:Rethinking the ubiquitous  multi-purpose hotel pool that has enjoyed decades of uncontested existenceOutsourcing spa services such as salon and esthetician services to top quality local businessesCreating exclusive new spa experiences designed for adults only  with enriched entertainment and services provided separately for the littlest hotel guestsHoteliers around the world are shifting their focus to define their wellness strategies  ensuring they align with their brands and their guest demographics  adds Brown. It is our hope and intention that the insights we’ve gathered in Making Waves will support these efforts  as we all seek to create more impactful wellness spaces and places.Making Waves: Rethinking Spa and Wellness Design for a Modern Era is available for download here.About Accor  a world-leading hospitality groupAccor is a world leading hospitality group offering experiences across more than 110 countries  with over 5 600 properties  10 000 food & beverage venues  wellness facilities or flexible workspaces. The Group has one of the industry's most diverse hospitality ecosystems  encompassing more than 45 hotel brands from luxury to economy  as well as Lifestyle with Ennismore. Accor is focused on driving positive action through business ethics  responsible tourism  environmental sustainability  community engagement  diversity  and inclusivity. Founded in 1967  Accor SA is headquartered in France and publicly listed on Euronext Paris (ISIN code: FR0000120404) and on the OTC Market (Ticker: ACCYY) in the United States. For more information  please visit group.accor.com or follow us on X  Facebook  LinkedIn  Instagram and TikTok.,neutral,0.09,0.91,0.0,positive,0.85,0.15,0.01,True,English,"['latest white paper', 'new era', 'wellness design', 'Accor', 'hospitality', 'BASIN Glacial Waters facility', 'Fairmont Chateau Lake Louise', 'top quality local businesses', 'ubiquitous, multi-purpose hotel pool', 'exclusive new spa experiences', 'world leading hospitality group', 'key consumer shifts', 'Anne Becker Olins', 'growing societal desire', 'cold plunge circuits', 'growing consumer interest', 'diverse hospitality ecosystems', 'world-leading hospitality group', 'Technical Services Officer', 'water-based therapy clubs', 'global hospitality group', 'impactful wellness spaces', 'social wellness experiences', 'new white paper', 'Global Chief Design', 'renowned industry experts', 'global hospitality brands', 'littlest hotel guests', '2023 Luxury Traveler Survey', 'leading driver', 'new era', 'new generation', 'hospitality industries', 'local communities', 'local gym', 'Global SVP', 'hospitality industry', 'hotel experience', '2024 spa-goer survey', 'hotel spas', 'group bathing', 'The Group', '45 hotel brands', 'Global Well-being', 'Modern Era', 'unrivalled portfolio', 'thought-provoking report', 'collaborative forum', 'exciting area', 'other aspect', 'travel decisions', 'significant trend', 'membership clubs', 'same way', 'thermal facilities', 'natural therapies', 'The Purist', 'same time', 'healthier alternatives', 'uncontested existence', 'esthetician services', 'guest demographics', 'beverage venues', 'flexible workspaces', 'positive action', 'business ethics', 'responsible tourism', 'environmental sustainability', 'community engagement', 'Euronext Paris', 'ISIN code', 'OTC Market', 'United States', 'wellness centers', 'thermal wellness', 'holistic wellness', 'wellness strategies', 'wellness facilities', 'Spa memberships', 'holistic well-being', 'spa services', 'fitness clubs', 'fitness offerings', 'wellness industry', 'Ultra Luxury', 'wellness design', 'well-being design', 'spa design', 'innovative ways', 'Development team', 'six countries', 'Emlyn Brown', 'Other areas', 'lifestyle design', 'Accor specialists', 'Accor concepts', 'Accor SA', 'Making Waves', '110 countries', 'release', 'future', 'priorities', 'insights', 'predictions', 'analysis', 'symposium', 'Strategy', 'perspectives', 'trends', 'differentiator', 'hearts', 'spirits', 'research', '7,500 consumers', 'priority', '79 percent', 'findings', 'Skift', '80 percent', 'travelers', 'ISPA', 'relaxation', 'themes', 'push', 'hotels', 'people', 'street', 'locals', 'delivery', 'rise', 'spa-goers', 'sauna', 'bars', 'nightclubs', 'content', 'decades', 'salon', 'adults', 'entertainment', 'Hoteliers', 'focus', 'hope', 'intention', 'efforts', 'places', 'download', '5,600 properties', '10,000 food', 'economy', 'Ennismore', 'diversity', 'inclusivity', 'France', 'Ticker', 'ACCYY', 'information', 'Facebook', 'LinkedIn', 'Instagram', 'TikTok']",2025-02-19,2025-02-20,hospitalitynet.org
48980,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2025/02/19/3028464/0/en/Press-Release-Sanofi-and-CD-R-sign-Opella-share-purchase-agreement.html,Press Release: Sanofi and CD&R sign Opella share purchase agreement,Sanofi and CD&R sign Opella share purchase agreement  Paris  February 19  2025. Following completion of the required social and corporate...,Sanofi and CD&R sign Opella share purchase agreementParis  February 19  2025. Following completion of the required social and corporate procedures  Sanofi and CD&R announce today they have signed the share purchase agreement in relation to the sale of a 50% controlling stake in Opella to CD&R. Bpifrance is expected to participate as a minority shareholder with a c.2% stake in Opella  with Sanofi remaining a significant shareholder.The terms of the transaction remain unchanged from those previously disclosed  and closing is expected to take place in Q2 2025 at the earliest.This transaction remains subject to obtaining customary regulatory approvals from the competent authorities.About SanofiWe are an innovative global healthcare company  driven by one purpose: we chase the miracles of science to improve people’s lives. Our team  across the world  is dedicated to transforming the practice of medicine by working to turn the impossible into the possible. We provide potentially life-changing treatment options and life-saving vaccine protection to millions of people globally  while putting sustainability and social responsibility at the center of our ambitions. Sanofi is listed on EURONEXT: SAN and NASDAQ: SNY.Media RelationsSandrine Guendoul | + 33 6 25 09 14 25 | sandrine.guendoul@sanofi.comLéo Le Bourhis | + 33 6 75 06 43 81 | leo.lebourhis@sanofi.comVictor Rouault | + 33 6 70 93 71 40 | victor.rouault@sanofi.comEvan Berland | +1 215 432 0234 | evan.berland@sanofi.comTimothy Gilbert | + 1 516 521 2929 | timothy.gilbert@sanofi.comInvestor RelationsThomas Kudsk Larsen |+ 44 7545 513 693 | thomas.larsen@sanofi.comAlizé Kaisserian | + 33 6 47 04 12 11 | alize.kaisserian@sanofi.comFelix Lauscher | + 1 908 612 7239 | felix.lauscher@sanofi.comKeita Browne | + 1 781 249 1766 | keita.browne@sanofi.comNathalie Pham | + 33 7 85 93 30 17 | nathalie.pham@sanofi.comTarik Elgoutni | + 1 617 710 3587 | tarik.elgoutni@sanofi.comThibaud Châtelet | + 33 6 80 80 89 90 | thibaud.chatelet@sanofi.comForward-looking statementsForward-looking statements This press release contains forward-looking statements as defined in the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995  as amended. Forward-looking statements are statements that are not historical facts. These statements include projections and estimates and their underlying assumptions  statements regarding plans  business transformations  objectives  intentions  and expectations with respect to future financial results  events  operations  services  product development and potential  and statements regarding future performance. Forward-looking statements are generally identified by the words “expects”  “anticipates”  “believes”  “intends”  “estimates”  “plans”  “potential”  “outlook”  “guidance” and similar expressions. Although Sanofi’s management believes that the expectations reflected in such forward-looking statements are reasonable  investors are cautioned that forward-looking information and statements are subject to various risks and uncertainties  many of which are difficult to predict and generally beyond the control of Sanofi  that could cause actual results and developments to differ materially from those expressed in  or implied or projected by  the forward-looking information and statements. These risks and uncertainties include among other things  those inherent in research and development  future clinical data and analysis  including post marketing  decisions by regulatory authorities  such as the FDA or the EMA  regarding whether and when to approve any drug  device or biological application as well as their decisions regarding labelling and other matters that could affect the availability or commercial potential of such product candidates  the fact that product candidates if approved may not be commercially successful  the future approval and commercial success of therapeutic alternatives  Sanofi’s ability to benefit from external growth opportunities  to complete capital markets or other transactions  risks associated with developing standalone businesses and with intellectual property  as well as any related pending or future litigation and the ultimate outcome of such litigation  and other risks associated with trends in exchange and interest rates  volatile economic  political  financial and market conditions  cost containment initiatives  and the impact of pandemics or other global crises may have. More specifically regarding the transaction described above  these risks and uncertainties include among other things the possibility that the transaction will not be completed  or if completed  will not be completed in the expected timeframe  an unexpected failure to satisfy the required closing conditions  or unexpected delays in meeting these requirements  the ability to obtain regulatory clearances  the possibility that the expected strategic benefits  synergies or opportunities from the transaction may not be realized  or may take longer to realize than expected  or potential adverse reactions to the proposed transaction by customers  suppliers  strategic partners or key Sanofi or Opella employees. The risks and uncertainties also include the uncertainties discussed or identified in the public filings with the SEC and the AMF made by Sanofi  including those listed under “Risk Factors” and “Cautionary Statement Regarding Forward-Looking Statements” in Sanofi’s annual report on Form 20-F for the year ended December 31  2024. Other than as required by applicable law  Sanofi does not undertake any obligation to update or revise any forward-looking information or statements.Attachment,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,negative,0.0,0.13,0.87,True,English,"['Opella share purchase agreement', 'Press Release', 'CD&R', 'Sanofi', 'Private Securities Litigation Reform Act', 'Léo Le Bourhis', 'innovative global healthcare company', 'Opella share purchase agreement', 'life-changing treatment options', 'life-saving vaccine protection', 'cost containment initiatives', 'other global crises', 'future clinical data', 'customary regulatory approvals', 'Thibaud Châtelet', 'external growth opportunities', 'potential adverse reactions', 'CD&R. Bpifrance', 'Thomas Kudsk Larsen', 'future financial results', 'future litigation', 'actual results', 'future performance', 'future approval', 'regulatory authorities', 'regulatory clearances', 'other things', 'other matters', 'other transactions', 'corporate procedures', '50% controlling stake', 'minority shareholder', 'c.2% stake', 'significant shareholder', 'competent authorities', 'one purpose', 'Media Relations', 'Investor Relations', 'press release', 'historical facts', 'underlying assumptions', 'business transformations', 'similar expressions', 'forward-looking information', 'post marketing', 'biological application', 'commercial potential', 'product candidates', 'commercial success', 'therapeutic alternatives', 'capital markets', 'standalone businesses', 'intellectual property', 'ultimate outcome', 'interest rates', 'market conditions', 'unexpected failure', 'unexpected delays', 'strategic benefits', 'other risks', 'social responsibility', 'Alizé Kaisserian', 'Forward-looking statements', 'product development', 'closing conditions', 'various risks', 'Sandrine Guendoul', 'Victor Rouault', 'Evan Berland', 'Timothy Gilbert', 'Felix Lauscher', 'Keita Browne', 'Nathalie Pham', 'Tarik Elgoutni', 'Sanofi', 'Paris', 'February', 'completion', 'sale', 'terms', 'place', 'Q2', 'miracles', 'science', 'people', 'lives', 'team', 'world', 'practice', 'medicine', 'millions', 'sustainability', 'center', 'ambitions', 'EURONEXT', 'NASDAQ', 'SNY', 'leo', 'lebourhis', 'alize', 'chatelet', 'projections', 'estimates', 'plans', 'objectives', 'intentions', 'expectations', 'respect', 'events', 'operations', 'services', 'words', 'expects', 'anticipates', 'believes', 'outlook', 'guidance', 'management', 'investors', 'uncertainties', 'developments', 'research', 'analysis', 'decisions', 'FDA', 'EMA', 'drug', 'device', 'labelling', 'availability', 'related', 'pending', 'trends', 'exchange', 'impact', 'pandemics', 'possibility', 'timeframe', 'requirements', 'synergies', 'customers']",2025-02-19,2025-02-20,globenewswire.com
48981,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.etfdailynews.com/2025/02/19/vontobel-holding-ltd-raises-stock-position-in-public-storage-nysepsa/,Vontobel Holding Ltd. Raises Stock Position in Public Storage (NYSE:PSA),Vontobel Holding Ltd. boosted its position in shares of Public Storage (NYSE:PSA – Free Report) by 28.1% in the 4th quarter  Holdings Channel.com reports. The fund owned 2 652 shares of the real estate investment trust’s stock after purchasing an additional 5…,Vontobel Holding Ltd. boosted its position in shares of Public Storage (NYSE:PSA – Free Report) by 28.1% in the 4th quarter  Holdings Channel.com reports. The fund owned 2 652 shares of the real estate investment trust’s stock after purchasing an additional 581 shares during the period. Vontobel Holding Ltd.’s holdings in Public Storage were worth $794 000 at the end of the most recent reporting period.Other hedge funds also recently bought and sold shares of the company. Sumitomo Mitsui DS Asset Management Company Ltd grew its stake in Public Storage by 5.0% during the fourth quarter. Sumitomo Mitsui DS Asset Management Company Ltd now owns 53 729 shares of the real estate investment trust’s stock valued at $16 089 000 after acquiring an additional 2 566 shares in the last quarter. Larson Financial Group LLC grew its stake in Public Storage by 3 714.6% during the third quarter. Larson Financial Group LLC now owns 1 831 shares of the real estate investment trust’s stock valued at $666 000 after acquiring an additional 1 783 shares in the last quarter. Capital Investment Advisors LLC grew its stake in Public Storage by 25.4% during the fourth quarter. Capital Investment Advisors LLC now owns 28 608 shares of the real estate investment trust’s stock valued at $8 566 000 after acquiring an additional 5 793 shares in the last quarter. Allspring Global Investments Holdings LLC grew its stake in Public Storage by 1.9% during the third quarter. Allspring Global Investments Holdings LLC now owns 142 255 shares of the real estate investment trust’s stock valued at $51 762 000 after acquiring an additional 2 605 shares in the last quarter. Finally  BNP PARIBAS ASSET MANAGEMENT Holding S.A. lifted its position in Public Storage by 114.2% during the third quarter. BNP PARIBAS ASSET MANAGEMENT Holding S.A. now owns 91 521 shares of the real estate investment trust’s stock valued at $33 302 000 after purchasing an additional 48 803 shares during the last quarter. Hedge funds and other institutional investors own 78.79% of the company’s stock.Get Public Storage alerts:Analyst Upgrades and DowngradesSeveral equities research analysts have issued reports on the stock. Deutsche Bank Aktiengesellschaft upgraded shares of Public Storage from a “sell” rating to a “hold” rating and lifted their target price for the company from $298.00 to $299.00 in a research report on Friday  January 10th. Barclays dropped their target price on shares of Public Storage from $380.00 to $361.00 and set an “overweight” rating for the company in a research report on Monday  January 13th. Truist Financial lifted their target price on shares of Public Storage from $306.00 to $340.00 and gave the company a “hold” rating in a research report on Thursday  December 5th. Wells Fargo & Company dropped their target price on shares of Public Storage from $375.00 to $365.00 and set an “overweight” rating for the company in a research report on Tuesday  November 5th. Finally  Royal Bank of Canada dropped their target price on shares of Public Storage from $358.00 to $344.00 and set a “sector perform” rating for the company in a research report on Friday  November 8th. Seven equities research analysts have rated the stock with a hold rating  five have given a buy rating and two have given a strong buy rating to the company. According to MarketBeat  the company currently has a consensus rating of “Moderate Buy” and a consensus target price of $344.54.Insider Buying and Selling at Public StorageIn other news  insider Nathaniel A. Vitan sold 450 shares of the stock in a transaction that occurred on Friday  December 13th. The stock was sold at an average price of $317.99  for a total transaction of $143 095.50. Following the completion of the transaction  the insider now directly owns 2 364 shares in the company  valued at approximately $751 728.36. This represents a 15.99 % decrease in their position. The transaction was disclosed in a legal filing with the Securities & Exchange Commission  which can be accessed through the SEC website. Insiders own 11.00% of the company’s stock.Public Storage Price PerformanceShares of NYSE:PSA opened at $296.77 on Wednesday. The firm’s 50 day moving average price is $299.87 and its 200-day moving average price is $325.85. The stock has a market capitalization of $51.97 billion  a PE ratio of 30.82  a price-to-earnings-growth ratio of 4.88 and a beta of 0.74. Public Storage has a twelve month low of $256.31 and a twelve month high of $369.99. The company has a quick ratio of 0.97  a current ratio of 0.97 and a debt-to-equity ratio of 1.77.Public Storage Company Profile(Free Report)Public Storage  a member of the S&P 500 and FT Global 500  is a REIT that primarily acquires  develops  owns  and operates self-storage facilities. At December 31  2023  we had: (i) interests in 3 044 self-storage facilities located in 40 states with approximately 218 million net rentable square feet in the United States and (ii) a 35% common equity interest in Shurgard Self Storage Limited (Euronext Brussels: SHUR)  which owned 275 self-storage facilities located in seven Western European nations with approximately 15 million net rentable square feet operated under the Shurgard brand.Featured ArticlesWant to see what other hedge funds are holding PSA? Visit HoldingsChannel.com to get the latest 13F filings and insider trades for Public Storage (NYSE:PSA – Free Report).Receive News & Ratings for Public Storage Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Public Storage and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,negative,0.01,0.16,0.83,True,English,"['Vontobel Holding Ltd.', 'Stock Position', 'Public Storage', 'NYSE', 'PSA', 'BNP PARIBAS ASSET MANAGEMENT Holding S.A.', 'Sumitomo Mitsui DS Asset Management Company Ltd', '218 million net rentable square feet', 'Allspring Global Investments Holdings LLC', 'Capital Investment Advisors LLC', 'real estate investment trust', 'Larson Financial Group LLC', 'Several equities research analysts', 'Seven equities research analysts', 'Shurgard Self Storage Limited', '50 day moving average price', '200-day moving average price', 'Public Storage Price Performance Shares', 'Vontobel Holding Ltd.', 'Nathaniel A. Vitan', 'Public Storage Company Profile', 'other institutional investors', 'Deutsche Bank Aktiengesellschaft', '35% common equity interest', 'sector perform” rating', 'recent reporting period', 'Public Storage alerts', 'Other hedge funds', 'strong buy rating', 'consensus target price', 'S&P 500', 'FT Global 500', 'Truist Financial', 'Holdings Channel', 'consensus rating', 'other news', 'research report', 'Royal Bank', 'equity ratio', 'Moderate Buy', 'sell” rating', 'hold” rating', 'overweight” rating', 'hold rating', 'NYSE:PSA', 'Free Report', '4th quarter', 'fourth quarter', 'last quarter', 'third quarter', 'Analyst Upgrades', 'Wells Fargo', 'legal filing', 'Exchange Commission', 'SEC website', 'market capitalization', 'PE ratio', 'earnings-growth ratio', 'quick ratio', 'current ratio', 'self-storage facilities', 'Euronext Brussels', '275 self-storage fa', 'January 10th', 'twelve month', 'United States', 'additional 581 shares', 'additional 2,566 shares', 'additional 1,783 shares', 'additional 5,793 shares', 'additional 2,605 shares', 'additional 48,803 shares', 'Insider Buying', 'total transaction', '40 states', '2,652 shares', '53,729 shares', '1,831 shares', '28,608 shares', '142,255 shares', '91,521 shares', '450 shares', '2,364 shares', 'position', 'stock', 'end', 'stake', 'Downgrades', 'reports', 'Friday', 'Barclays', 'Monday', 'Thursday', 'December', 'Tuesday', 'November', 'Canada', 'MarketBeat', 'Selling', 'completion', '15.99 % decrease', 'Securities', 'Insiders', 'Wednesday', 'firm', 'beta', 'debt', 'member', 'REIT', 'interests']",2025-02-19,2025-02-20,etfdailynews.com
48982,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2025/02/19/3029052/0/en/Weekly-share-repurchase-program-transaction-details.html,Weekly share repurchase program transaction details,Amsterdam  February 19  2025  SBM Offshore reports the transaction details related to its EUR130 million (c. US$140 million) share repurchase program...,"Amsterdam  February 19  2025SBM Offshore reports the transaction details related to its EUR130 million (c. US$140 million) share repurchase program for the period February 13  2025 through February 19  2025.The repurchases were made under the EUR65 million share repurchase program announced on February 29  2024  effective from March 1  2024 and increased by EUR65 million as announced on August 8  2024. The objective of the program is to reduce share capital and  in addition  to provide shares for regular management and employee share programs. Information regarding the progress of the share repurchase program and the aggregate of the transactions (calculated on a daily basis) for the period March 1  2024 through February 19  2025 can be found in the top half of the table below. Further detailed information regarding both the progress of the share repurchase program and all individual transactions can be accessed via the Investors section of the Company’s website.Share Repurchase Program Overall progress Share Repurchase Program: Total Repurchase Amount EUR 130 000 000 Cumulative Repurchase Amount EUR 106 751 095 Cumulative Quantity Repurchased 6 752 382 Cumulative Average Repurchase Price EUR 15.87 Start Date March 1  2024 Percentage of program completed as of February 19  2025 82.12% Overview of details of last 5 trading days: Trade Date Quantity Repurchased Average Purchase Price Settlement Amount February 13  2025 21 700 EUR 18.09 EUR 392 581 February 14  2025 26 673 EUR 17.91 EUR 477 756 February 17  2025 21 857 EUR 17.94 EUR 392 104 February 18  2025 21 158 EUR 18.07 EUR 382 329 February 19  2025 20 533 EUR 18.29 EUR 375 645 Total 111 921 EUR 18.05 EUR 2 020 4151All shares purchased via Euronext Amsterdam  CBOE DXE and or TurquoiseThis press release contains information which is to be made publicly available under the Market Abuse Regulation (nr. 596/2014). The information concerns a regular update of the transactions conducted under SBM Offshore’s current share repurchase program  as announced by the Company on February 29  2024 and August 8  2024  details of which are available on its website.Corporate ProfileSBM Offshore is the world’s deepwater ocean-infrastructure expert. Through the design  construction  installation  and operation of offshore floating facilities  we play a pivotal role in a just transition. By advancing our core  we deliver cleaner  more efficient energy production. By pioneering more  we unlock new markets within the blue economy.More than 7 400 SBMers collaborate worldwide to deliver innovative solutions as a responsible partner towards a sustainable future  balancing ocean protection with progress.For further information  please visit our website at www.sbmoffshore.com.Financial Calendar Date Year Full Year 2024 Earnings February 20 2025 Annual General Meeting April 9 2025 First Quarter 2025 Trading Update May 15 2025 Half Year 2025 Earnings August 7 2025 Third Quarter 2025 Trading Update November 13 2025For further information  please contact:Investor RelationsWouter HoltiesCorporate Finance & Investor Relations ManagerMobile: +31 (0) 2 02 36 32 36 E-mail: wouter.holties@sbmoffshore.com Website: www.sbmoffshore.comMedia RelationsGiampaolo ArghittuHead of External RelationsPhone: +31 (0)6 212 62 333 / +39 33 494 79 584 E-mail: giampaolo.arghittu@sbmoffshore.com Website: www.sbmoffshore.comMarket Abuse RegulationThis press release may contain inside information within the meaning of Article 7(1) of the EU Market Abuse Regulation.DisclaimerSome of the statements contained in this release that are not historical facts are statements of future expectations and other forward-looking statements based on management’s current views and assumptions and involve known and unknown risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results  performance  or events to differ materially from those in such statements. These statements may be identified by words such as ‘expect’  ‘should’  ‘could’  ‘shall’ and similar expressions. Such forward-looking statements are subject to various risks and uncertainties. The principal risks which could affect the future operations of SBM Offshore N.V. are described in the ‘Impact  Risk and Opportunity Management’ section of the 2023 Annual Report.Should one or more of these risks or uncertainties materialize  or should underlying assumptions prove incorrect  actual results and performance of the Company’s business may vary materially and adversely from the forward-looking statements described in this release. SBM Offshore does not intend and does not assume any obligation to update any industry information or forward-looking statements set forth in this release to reflect new information  subsequent events or otherwise.This release contains certain alternative performance measures (APMs) as defined by the ESMA guidelines which are not defined under IFRS. Further information on these APMs is included in the Half-Year Management Report accompanying the Half Year Earnings 2024 report  available on our website https://www.sbmoffshore.com/investors/financial-disclosures.Nothing in this release shall be deemed an offer to sell  or a solicitation of an offer to buy  any securities. The companies in which SBM Offshore N.V. directly and indirectly owns investments are separate legal entities. In this release “SBM Offshore” and “SBM” are sometimes used for convenience where references are made to SBM Offshore N.V. and its subsidiaries in general. These expressions are also used where no useful purpose is served by identifying the particular company or companies.""SBM Offshore®""  the SBM logomark  “Fast4Ward®”  “emissionZERO®” and “F4W®” are proprietary marks owned by SBM Offshore.Attachment",neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,negative,0.0,0.04,0.96,True,English,"['repurchase program transaction details', 'Weekly share', 'Average Purchase Price Settlement Amount', 'EUR65 million share repurchase program', 'Overall progress Share Repurchase Program', 'Cumulative Average Repurchase Price', 'Financial Calendar Date Year', '40 million) share repurchase program', 'EU Market Abuse Regulation', 'Investor Relations Manager Mobile', 'current share repurchase program', 'SBM Offshore N.V.', 'Half Year Earnings 2024 report', 'Cumulative Repurchase Amount', 'Total Repurchase Amount', 'employee share programs', 'Cumulative Quantity Repurchased', 'Trade Date Quantity', 'deepwater ocean-infrastructure expert', 'efficient energy production', 'Full Year 2024 Earnings', 'offshore floating facilities', 'Annual General Meeting', 'last 5 trading days', 'Half-Year Management Report', 'incorrect, actual results', 'Opportunity Management’ section', 'alternative performance measures', 'other forward-looking statements', 'Such forward-looking statements', 'Further detailed information', 'EUR130 million', 'share capital', '2023 Annual Report', 'Start Date', 'current views', 'top half', 'Investors section', 'Media Relations', 'External Relations', 'Trading Update', 'regular management', 'daily basis', 'CBOE DXE', 'regular update', 'Corporate Profile', 'pivotal role', 'new markets', 'blue economy', 'innovative solutions', 'responsible partner', 'sustainable future', 'ocean protection', 'First Quarter', 'Third Quarter', 'Corporate Finance', 'historical facts', 'future expectations', 'similar expressions', 'future operations', 'ESMA guidelines', 'Further information', 'unknown risks', 'various risks', 'principal risks', 'Euronext Amsterdam', 'underlying assumptions', 'industry information', 'new information', 'subsequent events', 'transaction details', 'individual transactions', 'press release', 'Wouter Holties', 'Giampaolo Arghittu', 'February', 'period', 'repurchases', 'March', 'August', 'objective', 'addition', 'shares', 'aggregate', 'table', 'Company', 'website', '2024 Percentage', 'Turquoise', 'nr', 'world', 'design', 'construction', 'installation', 'transition', 'core', 'More', '7,400 SBMers', 'sbmoffshore', 'April', 'mail', 'Head', 'Phone', 'inside', 'meaning', 'Article', 'Disclaimer', 'uncertainties', 'words', 'business', 'obligation', 'APMs', 'IFRS']",2025-02-19,2025-02-20,globenewswire.com
48983,EuroNext,Bing API,https://www.finanznachrichten.de/nachrichten-2025-02/64615151-marie-brizard-wine-spirits-q4-2024-and-full-year-2024-revenues-399.htm,Marie Brizard Wine & Spirits: Q4 2024 and full-year 2024 revenues,Q4 2024 and full-year 2024 revenues 2024 revenues down 2.8%1 at €188.4 million Fourth-quarter revenues down 4.6%1,"Charenton-le-Pont  20 February 2025Q4 2024 and full-year 2024 revenues2024 revenues down 2.8%1 at €188.4 millionFourth-quarter revenues down 4.6%1 at €47.6 million impacted by the International ClusterFrance: fourth-quarter revenues up 1.1%  and limited growth of 0.7% in full-year 2024 revenues to €83.9 million. Sales of Strategic International Brands were down  particularly William Peel in the Off-Trade business  with very high inflation in the cost of aged spirits looming as early as 2025.The fourth quarter was balanced across the board in this distribution network  all brands combined. The On-Trade market performed well over the full year  as did Agency Brands with the launch of new premium bourbon whiskey brands.International: fourth-quarter revenues down 9.0%  impacted by the decline in the Industrial Services business following planned maintenance operations on production lines. 2024 full-year revenues down 5.5% to €104.5 million. Sales slowed in Western and Eastern Europe  particularly in Spain  Bulgaria and  to a lesser extent  Lithuania  reflecting the decline in unit prices in Industrial Services following the end of the wave of inflation and planned maintenance on production lines. Good performances were recorded in Africa and the Middle East.In the United States  Sobieski sales declined while Marie Brizard sales were stable.There was a slight growth in Asia-Pacific  thanks notably to the strong recovery of the Marie Brizard and Gautier Strategic Brands in Korea and Japan in the second half  despite lower sales in Australia.Marie Brizard Wine & Spirits (the ""Company"") (Euronext: MBWS) today announces its unaudited revenues for the period from 1 January to 31 December 2024.Cumulative 2024 revenues€m 31 December 2023 LFL change Currency impact 31 December 2024 LFL change(excl. currencyimpact) Reported growth (incl. currency impact) France 83.3 0.6 - 83.9 +0.7% +0.7% International 110.9 -6.1 -0.3 104.5 -5.5 % -5.8 % TOTAL MBWS GROUP 194.2 -5.5 -0.3 188.4 -2.8 % -3.0 %Q4 2024 revenues€m Q42023 LFL change Currency impact Q42024 LFL change(excl. currencyimpact) Reported growth (incl. currency impact) France 21.8 0.2 - 22.0 +1.1 % +1.1 % International 28.3 -2.5 -0.1 25.6 -9.0 % -9.5 % TOTAL MBWS GROUP 50.1 -2.3 -0.1 47.6 -4.6 % -4.9 %France ClusterAgainst the backdrop of a continuing slowdown in the spirits market  the France Cluster's 2024 revenues totalled €83.9 million  a slight increase of 0.7% over the previous year.In the fourth quarter of 2024  France Cluster revenues were up 1.1% year on year at €22.0 million. This includes the positive impact of the incremental growth generated by the new Agency Brands of premium bourbon whiskey added to the portfolio in 2024.Across both distribution channels  all Strategic International Brands reported increased sales except William Peel  in line with market trends for less than 12 year-old blends in the Off-Trade.For 2024 as a whole  sales in the Off-Trade were down slightly  particularly for William Peel and despite the positive residual impact of price increases implemented in 2023 and the first quarter of 2024. The San José and Marie Brizard Strategic Brands are gaining market share thanks to good sales momentum and the listing of additional flavour references of the Marie Brizard range.In the On-Trade  France Cluster sales proved resilient to the market downturn  benefiting from the integration of premium Agency Brands  both for the quarter and for the full year.If the current trend in the spirits market continues into 2025  this environment will have to be addressed in the context of the very strong impact of inflation on the cost of aged spirits  distilled and produced during the recent period of inflation  which in France will mainly affect the William Peel brand.International ClusterThe International Cluster recorded revenues of €104.5 million in 2024  a decrease of 5.5% compared with 2023  with contrasts between regions and entities. This decrease was mainly due to the Industrial Services activity  which was affected by the fall in its unit prices following the end of the period of inflation  as well as planned maintenance on the corresponding production lines in Spain.Sales in the fourth quarter of 2024 were down 9.0% compared with the fourth quarter of 2023 at €25.6 million.In Spain  after a dynamic second and third quarter  the year ended with a sharp decline of 32.3% in sales in the fourth quarter. This was mainly due to the postponement of production in the Industrial Services subcontracting business as a result of maintenance planned for this quarter. For the full year  sales were down 5.0%  particularly for the Marie Brizard brand  mainly due to the distributor's desire to reduce stocks  as well as customer delistings. Industrial Services revenues were also down due to lower unit prices after the end of the wave of inflation.In the Western Europe  Middle East and Africa export markets  full-year revenues were down 3.8%  including a 15.3% decline in the fourth quarter  with particularly sharp declines in the UK market and the Benelux countries at the end of the year. However  the Marie Brizard  Sobieski and William Peel Strategic Brands performed well in Italy  Germany  Africa and the Middle East.Lithuania recorded a 3.7% decline in revenues in the fourth quarter of 2024  in the domestic market and export sales alike. For the full year 2024  sales were down 8.5%  with a slight decline on the domestic market (-0.9%) but a more pronounced decline in exports (-18.3%). This reflects the significant decline in Industrial Services activity  where bulk unit sales prices are correlated with the fall in grain prices. By contrast  sales of the William Peel brand grew well in the domestic market and in Ukraine.In Bulgaria  fourth-quarter revenues were down 4.0%  reflecting contrasting trends. The domestic market remained solid  with a good performance from the Strategic International Brands activity (particularly William Peel and Sobieski) and the Flagship Regional Brands (Wine). However  the Industrial Services subcontracting activity continued to decline. For the full year 2024  sales were down 6.2%  with a 20.6% drop for the Industrial Services export activity and growth of 13.2% in the domestic market.In Denmark  after a recovery in the third quarter  the trend reversed again in the fourth quarter (-26.1%). The entire Strategic Brands and Agency Brands portfolios suffered from a contracting and highly competitive market  while logistical constraints for some storage partners delayed year-end sales. Overall  however  there was a very slight increase in sales for the year (+1.0%)  driven by William Peel and the Agency Brands.In the Eastern European export markets  activity in Poland  which had been heavily impacted by the distributor's will to reduce stocks and by intense promotional competition throughout the year  particularly in the Scotch whisky market  recovered strongly in the fourth quarter (+23.3%)  driven by the good momentum of Cognac Gautier. However  this was not enough to offset a difficult year  with sales down 33.4%.In the United States  the trend for the year as a whole was characterised by a limited decline in sales (-1.9%)  mainly due to a sharp fall in shipments of the Marie Brizard brand  which was only partially offset by the growth of the Sobieski brand  in a market where competition remained intense  and distributors reduced their inventory levels. The fourth quarter thus saw a 22.7% decline due to the postponement of certain shipments to the first quarter of 2025  although the Marie Brizard brand delivered a stable performance compared with the fourth quarter of 2023.In Brazil  the full-year trend was positive (+8.2%)  driven by the continued growth of certain Agency Brands and despite sluggish growth in sales of the Flagship Regional Brands. The fourth quarter confirmed this trend with growth of 11.8%  although the slowdown in local consumption weighed on the Strategic Brands and the Flagship Regional Brands activity level.In the Americas export region  business in the fourth quarter increased sharply by 11.8%  thanks in particular to the good performance of the Marie Brizard and Gautier Strategic Brands in Canada (+16.5%)  where full-year sales were up 21.6%  driven mainly by Cognac Gautier and Brandy.Finally  in the Asia-Pacific export region  after a difficult start to the year  activity gradually recovered  and growth that had begun in the third quarter was confirmed at the end of the year. The significant increase in the fourth quarter reflects Marie Brizard's strong growth in Japan and South Korea  despite a decline in Australia. However  full-year revenues were down 13.5%.OutlookIn 2024  as expected  the normalisation of the spirits market and the macroeconomic environment  which weighed on overall consumer demand  led to a contraction of the markets in both volume and value terms  particularly in the premium segment. The decline in consumption was more pronounced in the second half in certain major international markets. This trend was exacerbated by destocking in certain distribution channels at the beginning of the year. Throughout the year  the Group remained focused on its commercial discipline and maintained its objective of improving margins in 2024.The beginning of 2025 has been characterised by the continued slowdown in the wine and spirits markets  coupled with limited and volatile commercial visibility in a sector that could also be affected by the possibility of new customs tariffs increases. In addition  as already indicated  the year will be marked by the very strong impact of inflation on the cost price of ageing spirits and those produced during the inflationary period. This mainly concerns Scotch Whisky and Cognac  and is likely to have a particularly negative impact on the profitability of the France Cluster.In this context  the Group remains vigilant and continues to focus on its strategic development priorities  in particular investment and innovation  while remaining attentive to the elasticity of consumer demand in the design of its commercial offer. The Group will endeavour to use all its strengths to limit as far as possible the impact of future inflation on spirits reaching the end of their ageing process (Scotch Whisky and Cognac).Financial calendarAnnual 2024 results: 17 April 2025Q1 2025 revenues: 24 April 2025Investors and shareholders relations contactMBWS GroupEmilie DrexlerRelations.Actionnaires@mbws.comPhone: +33 1 43 91 62 40Press contactImage SeptClaire Doligez - Laurent Poinsotcdoligez@image7.fr - lpoinsot@image7.frPhone: +33 1 53 70 74 70About Marie Brizard Wine & SpiritsMarie Brizard Wine & Spirits is a Group of wines and spirits based in Europe and the United States. Marie Brizard Wine & Spirits stands out for its expertise  acombination of brands with a long tradition and a resolutely innovative spirit. Since the birth of the Maison Marie Brizard in 1755  the Marie Brizard Wine &Spirits Group has developed its brands in a spirit of modernity while respecting its origins. Marie Brizard Wine & Spirits' commitment is to offer its customersbrands of confidence  daring and full of flavours and experiences. The Group now has a rich portfolio of leading brands in their market segments  includingWilliam Peel  Sobieski  Marie Brizard  Cognac Gautier and San José. Marie Brizard Wine & Spirits is listed on Compartment B of Euronext Paris(FR0000060873 - MBWS) and is part of the EnterNext PEA-PME 150 index.",neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,mixed,0.44,0.17,0.39,True,English,"['Marie Brizard Wine', 'full-year 2024 revenues', 'Spirits', 'Q4', 'new premium bourbon whiskey brands', '2023 LFL change Currency impact Q4', 'Industrial Services subcontracting business', 'Marie Brizard Strategic Brands', 'new Agency Brands', 'premium Agency Brands', 'Gautier Strategic Brands', 'Industrial Services business', 'additional flavour references', 'Industrial Services activity', 'Marie Brizard Wine', 'Marie Brizard range', 'Marie Brizard brand', 'TOTAL MBWS GROUP', 'The San José', 'Strategic International Brands', 'Africa export markets', 'Industrial Services revenues', 'William Peel brand', 'corresponding production lines', 'lower unit prices', 'good sales momentum', 'The International Cluster', '2024 LFL change', 'France Cluster revenues', 'France Cluster sales', 'Q4 2024 revenues', 'residual impact', 'strong impact', 'Off-Trade business', 'Good performances', 'positive impact', 'distribution network', 'Eastern Europe', 'lesser extent', 'Middle East', 'United States', 'strong recovery', 'second half', 'lower sales', 'continuing slowdown', 'slight increase', 'distribution channels', 'market trends', '12 year-old blends', 'price increases', 'market share', 'market downturn', 'current trend', 'dynamic second', 'customer delistings', 'full-year 2024 revenues', 'Fourth-quarter revenues', '2024 full-year revenues', 'unaudited revenues', 'Cumulative 2024 revenues', 'aged spirits', 'fourth quarter', 'spirits market', 'first quarter', 'third quarter', 'full year', 'previous year', 'limited growth', 'slight growth', 'incremental growth', 'Sobieski sales', 'Western Europe', 'Trade market', 'recent period', 'maintenance operations', 'sharp decline', 'high inflation', '15.3% decline', 'Charenton-le-Pont', '20 February', 'cost', 'board', 'launch', 'Spain', 'Bulgaria', 'Lithuania', 'wave', 'Asia-Pacific', 'Korea', 'Japan', 'Australia', 'Company', 'Euronext', '1 January', '31 December', 'backdrop', 'portfolio', 'integration', 'environment', 'context', 'decrease', 'contrasts', 'regions', 'entities', 'fall', 'postponement', 'result', 'distributor', 'desire', 'stocks', '0.']",2025-02-06,2025-02-20,finanznachrichten.de
48984,EuroNext,Bing API,https://www.msn.com/en-us/money/economy/european-companies-must-get-stronger-says-euronext-ceo/vi-AA1zrveX,European companies must get stronger  says Euronext CEO,Stéphane Boujnah  CEO of Euronext  says that unless Europe unleashes its massive amount of savings  it must resign to being weak and comfortable.,Stéphane Boujnah  CEO of Euronext  says that unless Europe unleashes its massive amount of savings  it must resign to being weak and comfortable.,positive,0.51,0.47,0.01,negative,0.0,0.07,0.93,True,English,"['European companies', 'Euronext CEO', 'Stéphane Boujnah', 'massive amount', 'CEO', 'Euronext', 'Europe', 'savings']",2025-02-20,2025-02-20,msn.com
48985,EuroNext,Bing API,https://www.businesspost.ie/news/corre-energy-announces-euronext-de-listing-to-pursue-alternative-funding-measures/,Corre Energy announces Euronext de-listing to pursue ‘alternative funding’ measures,The company said its directors’ attention was better spent on maintaining and investing in existing projects  rather than focusing on its stock exchange listing,CompaniesCorre Energy announces Euronext de-listing to pursue ‘alternative funding’ measuresThe company said its directors’ attention was better spent on maintaining and investing in existing projects  rather than focusing on its stock exchange listing,neutral,0.01,0.98,0.0,neutral,0.09,0.82,0.09,True,English,"['alternative funding’ measures', 'Corre Energy', 'Euronext', 'listing', 'alternative funding’ measures', 'stock exchange listing', 'Corre Energy', 'directors’ attention', 'existing projects', 'Companies', 'Euronext', 'company']",2025-02-20,2025-02-20,businesspost.ie
48986,EuroNext,Bing API,https://www.rte.ie/news/business/2025/0220/1497872-corre-energy-plans-to-delist-from-irish-stock-market/,Corre Energy plans to delist from Irish stock market,Corre Energy has said it plans to delist from the Irish stock market. The company said it's proposing to drop its listing from Euronext Growth  adding that it will be posting a circular to shareholders next week. In a statement  Corre Energy said it has conducted a thorough review of the merits of continuing with its listing.,"Corre Energy has said it plans to delist from the Irish stock market.The company said it is proposing to drop its listing from Euronext Growth  adding that it will be posting a circular to shareholders next week.In a statement  Corre Energy said it has conducted a thorough review of the merits of continuing with its listing.""The Board believes that cancellation will be in the best interests of the company and all its shareholders "" it said.In reaching this decision  the board considered a number of key factors.""Management has identified potential funding solutions for the portfolio going forward which is outside the public markets "" the company said.""The Board believe that maintaining a listing on Euronext Growth is unlikely to offer the most effective or cost-efficient path to securing this funding.""The Board also believes it is more ""appropriate"" and ""practical"" to undergo any further changes required to its operating model outside the constraints of market announcement obligations and confidentiality constraints.""Given its current constrained financial capabilities the Directors believe the time and resources associated with maintaining the company's public listing would be better utilised to maintain and invest in its existing projects "" it said.The company said the Board believes there is ""considerable"" support in the company's shareholder base for a delisting.The delisting can only take place after securing the resolutions of shareholders in a general meeting passed by no less than 75% of the votes cast by shareholders.The Extraordinary General Meeting  where the resolution will be proposed  will take place in the Netherlands on 20 March.",neutral,0.0,0.99,0.0,neutral,0.01,0.96,0.03,True,English,"['Irish stock market', 'Corre Energy', 'current constrained financial capabilities', 'The Extraordinary General Meeting', 'Irish stock market', 'market announcement obligations', 'potential funding solutions', 'The Board', 'Corre Energy', 'Euronext Growth', 'thorough review', 'best interests', 'key factors', 'public markets', 'cost-efficient path', 'operating model', 'existing projects', 'considerable"" support', 'shareholder base', 'confidentiality constraints', 'public listing', 'company', 'circular', 'shareholders', 'statement', 'merits', 'cancellation', 'decision', 'number', 'Management', 'portfolio', 'effective', 'changes', 'Directors', 'time', 'resources', 'delisting', 'place', 'resolutions', 'less', 'votes', 'Netherlands', '20 March']",2025-02-20,2025-02-20,rte.ie
