UID,Searchword,API,URL,Title,Summary,Article,Title_Sentiment,Title_Positive,Title_Neutral,Title_Negative,Article_Sentiment,Article_Positive,Article_Neutral,Article_Negative,Verified,Language,Topics,Date,Load_Date,Source
50322,Euroclear,Bing API,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/notice-annual-general-meeting-bambuser-141000852.html,Notice of Annual General Meeting in Bambuser AB,"STOCKHOLM  SE / ACCESS Newswire / April 28  2025 / Bambuser AB (STO:BUSER)(FRA:5JL) - The shareholders of Bambuser AB  reg.no. 556731-3126  (""Bambuser"" or the ""Company"" and together with its subsidiaries the ""Group"") are hereby given notice of the","Shareholders represented by proxy shall issue a power of attorney in writing  signed and dated by the shareholder  for the proxy. If issued by a legal entity  the power of attorney shall be accompanied by a certificate of registration  or if such document does not exist  other corresponding documents attesting to the authority of the signatory. In order to facilitate the entry to the general meeting a copy of the power of attorney form (with documents attesting the authority of the signatory) should be sent via e-mail to generalmeeting@bambuser.com  together with the notice of attendance. The power of attorney may not be issued earlier than five years before the meeting. A power of attorney form is available at the Company and on the Company's website  https://ir.bambuser.com/corporate-governance/general-meeting   and will be sent to shareholders who so requests and provide their postal or e-mail address.Shareholders who have their shares registered in the name of a nominee must  in order to exercise their voting rights at the meeting  register their shares in their own name through the nominee  so that the shareholder is registered in the register of shareholders kept by Euroclear Sweden AB on the record date on Thursday  22 May 2025. Such registration may be temporary (so-called voting rights registration). Shareholders who wish to register shares in their own name must  in accordance with the procedures of the respective nominee  request the nominee to carry out such voting rights registration. Voting rights registration requested by the shareholder in such time that the registration has been made by the nominee no later than Monday  26 May 2025 will be taken into account in the presentation of the register of shareholders.Notification shall be made in writing to the Company at the address Bambuser AB  ""AGM""  Regeringsgatan 55  SE-111 56 Stockholm  Sweden or via e-mail to generalmeeting@bambuser.com . Notification of attendance must include name  personal or corporate identification number  number of shares  address  telephone number and information about deputies  proxies and advisors. The maximum number of advisors is two.both be listed as shareholder in the presentation of the register of shareholders prepared by Euroclear Sweden AB concerning the circumstances on Thursday  22 May 2025  andSTOCKHOLM  SE / ACCESS Newswire / April 28  2025 / Bambuser AB (STO:BUSER)(FRA:5JL) - The shareholders of Bambuser AB  reg.no. 556731-3126  (""Bambuser"" or the ""Company"" and together with its subsidiaries the ""Group"") are hereby given notice of the annual general meeting on Monday  2 June 2025 at 3:00 p.m. at Advokatfirman Delphi at Mäster Samuelsgatan 17 in Stockholm  Sweden. Registration for the annual general meeting will commence at 2:30 p.m.Story ContinuesProposed agenda1. Opening of the meeting and election of the chairman of the meeting2. Preparation and approval of the voting list.3. Approval of the agenda4. Election of one or two persons to check the minutes5. Determination of whether the meeting has been duly convened6. Submission of the annual report and auditor's report and consolidated accounts and the auditor's report on the consolidated accounts7. Resolution ona) adoption of the income statement and balance sheet and the consolidated income statement and consolidated balance sheet b) allocation of the Company's result in accordance with the adopted balance sheet  andc) discharge from liability for members of the board of directors and the CEO8. Determination of the number of board members and auditors9. Determination of remuneration to the board of directors and the auditor10. Election of board members and chairman of the board11. Election of auditor12. Resolution on adoption of LTI 2025 and issue of warrants of series 2025/202813. Resolution on authorization for the board of directors to resolve on issue of shares  warrants and/or convertibles14. Closing of the meetingResolutions proposed by the nomination committee (item 1 and 8-11)The nomination committee  consisting of the chairman of the nomination committee Jeppe Bredahl (representing Brightfolk A/S)  Claes Kinell (representing Muirfield Invest AB)  Tomas Meerits (representing Vitruvian Partners (Pyramid Holdco S.A.R.L)) and Mark Lotke (representing Harmony Partners IV LP) has presented the following proposals for resolutions in relation to item 1 and 8-11 of the above proposed agenda.Item 1 - Election of the chairman of the meetingThe nomination committee proposes that advokat Mats Dahlberg from Advokatfirman Delphi is elected as chairman of the meeting or  in his absence  the person appointed by the nomination committee.Item 8 - Determination of the number of board members and auditorsThe board currently consists of six (6) ordinary members without deputies. The nomination committee proposes that the board of directors  for the period until the end of the next annual general meeting  shall consist of six (6) ordinary members without deputies.The company currently has one (1) registered auditing firm as auditor. The nomination committee proposes that the company shall have one (1) registered auditing firm as auditor for the period until the end of the next annual general meeting.Item 9 - Determination of remuneration to the board of directors and the auditorThe nomination committee proposes that the remuneration to the board of directors shall be paid with a total of SEK 750 000 to be distributed as follows: SEK 250 000 each to the board members Iris Epple-Righi  Alyson Welch and Johan Rydmark.Remuneration for work in the audit committee shall be SEK 75 000 to the chairman and SEK 50 000 to each of the other members of the committee  provided that the members are independent.Remuneration for work in the remuneration committee shall be SEK 50 000 to the chairman and SEK 25 000 to each of the other members of the committee  provided that the members are independent.The nomination committee proposes that remuneration to the Company's auditor shall be paid in accordance with approved invoice.Item 10 - Election of board members and chairman of the boardThe nomination committee proposes that the annual general meeting  for the period until the end of the next annual general meeting  shall re-elect the board members Joel Citron  Carl Kinell  Iris Epple-Righi and Mark Lotke and that the annual general meeting resolves on new election of Alyson Welch and Johan Rydmark. It was noted that Cecilia Lager and Niclas Lindlöf were not available for re-election.The nomination committee proposes re-election of Joel Citron as chairman of the board.Short presentation of Alyson Welch:Alyson Welch  born 1974  started her professional career as a Business Management Consultant at Accenture in 1996 and worked there until 2000. Thereafter  Alyson worked at Akamai Technologies from 2000-2014 where she gradually worked her way up and was VP of North America Vertical Sales from 2009-14. From 2014-16  Alyson was Global Head of Sales at Zignal Labs. In January 2017  Alyson joined Twilio as VP of Enterprise Sales in North America. Alyson stayed with Twilio for 6 years and then started as Chief Revenue Officer at Neo4j  a position she held up until February 2025. Concurrent with Alyson's operational roles  she has been go-to-market advisor for First Round Capital and Bessemer Venture Partners  while also serving on the board at Girls in Tech from 2016-2021. Alyson has a Bachelor of Arts in Economics and French from Bucknell University where she serves as their Vice Chair of the Freeman College of Management advisory board. Alyson holds no shares in Bambuser. Alyson is independent in relation to the company  its management and its major shareholders.Short presentation of Johan Rydmark:Johan Rydmark  born 1977  has held various roles in investment banking  management consulting and brings more than 15 years of experience in senior private equity roles from Ratos and ABN AMRO Capital  where he has worked with areas like strategy  finance  corporate governance  M&A and organizational development. For six years until March 2025   Johan was the CFO at OX2 AB a leading European developer of renewable energy solutions. During his time with OX2  Johan had  among other things  a key role in the successful listing of the company at Nasdaq Stockholm Main Market. Johan has held several board positions in companies like e.g. Nebula  Stofa  TFS  Speed Group and Kvd. As of August 2025  Johan will take on the role as CFO at Ecodatacenter a Nordic developer and operator of hyper-scale datacenters. Johan is a member of the board at CapeHearts AB. Johan holds a Master's Degree in Business and Economics from Stockholm School of Economics and University of St. Gallen. Johan holds 135 000 shares in Bambuser. Johan is independent in relation to the company  its management and its major shareholders.For a presentation of the members proposed for re-election  please refer to the Company's website ir.bambuser.comItem 11 - Election of auditorThe nomination committee proposes re-election of the registered auditing firm Forvis Mazars AB as the Company's auditor for the period until the end of the next annual general meeting. Forvis Mazars AB has informed that  in the event Forvis Mazars AB is re-elected as auditor  the authorized public accountant Maria Tellström will be appointed as auditor in charge.Resolutions proposed by the board of directors (item 7b and 12-13)Item 7 b) - Resolution on allocation of the Company's result in accordance with the adopted balance sheetThe board of directors proposes that no dividend is paid for the financial year 2024 and that the Company's available funds shall be carried forward to new account.Item 12 - Resolution on adoption of LTI 2025 and issue of warrants of series 2025/2028The board of directors proposes that the annual general meeting resolves to adopt a performance-based incentive program for certain employees in Bambuser (""LTI 2025"") in accordance with item 12 (a)-(c) below.The purpose of the proposal is to create conditions to retain and increase motivation among senior executives  employees and other key individuals in the Company. The board of directors believes that it is in the interest of all shareholders that senior executives  employees  and other key individuals  which are deemed to be important for the development of the Company  have a long-term interest in the Company's performance and value development of the Company's share. Through the proposed program  a long-term ownership commitment is created  which is expected to stimulate an increased interest in the business and the Company's performance in general.The board's proposal for implementation of LTI 2025 in accordance with item (a)-(c) below constitutes a combined proposal and shall be made as one resolution.The detailed terms and conditions of LTI 2025 are described below.Item 12 (a) - Adoption of LTI 2025The program runs over a period of approximately 3 years and entails that the participants are allocated stock options  free of charge  with the right to acquire shares in Bambuser at a subscription price corresponding to 130 percent of the volume-weighted average price paid for Bambuser's share during a period of ten trading days after the annual general meeting 2025.For LTI 2025  the following terms and conditions shall apply:1. A maximum of 4 500 000 stock options may be allotted to participants in LTI 2025. Allocation of stock options shall be made as soon as practicable after the approval of the annual general beeting and no later than on 30 June 2025.2. LTI 2025 shall comprise a maximum of 36 employees in Bambuser (the ""Participants""). The Participants are divided into different categories based on their respective positions within the Company. The allocation of stock options is set out below.Category Maximum number of stock options per Participant Maximum number of stock options per category Senior executives (8 persons) 700 000 2 250 000 Other key individuals (28 persons) 400 000 2 250 0003. Allocation of stock options is in each case conditional upon (i) that the Participants' employment or assignment in the Company has not been terminated  with certain exceptions  and (ii) that the Participant has entered into a separate agreement concerning the stock options with the Company. The board of directors shall ensure that the agreements with the Participants contain terms and conditions that prohibit the transfer or pledge of the stock options and that stipulates that unvested stock options will  with certain exceptions  be forfeited should the participant's employment or assignment in the Company be terminated.4. The stock options shall be allotted to the Participants free of charge.5. The granted stock options vest 1/3 after 12 months (year 2026)  another 1/3 after another 12 months (year 2027) and another 1/3 after another 12 months (year 2028) calculated from the date of allocation. The final terms and conditions shall be decided by the board and regulated in separate stock option agreements.6. Provided that the stock options have been allotted and vested  each stock option grants the holder a right to  during the period from 1 July 2028  up to and including 31 October 2028  as decided by the Company  free of charge receive a warrant which entitles to subscription of one share in the Company at a price corresponding to a subscription price of 130 percent of the volume-weighted average price paid for Bambuser's share during a period of ten trading days after the annual general meeting 2025.7. Participation in LTI 2025 is in each case conditional upon the participation being legally possible as well as possible with reasonable administrative costs and financial efforts based on the Company's assessment.8. The board of directors shall be responsible for the agreements with the participants and the administration of LTI 2025. In connection therewith  the board of directors has the right to make adjustments in order to adjust to certain rules or market conditions outside of Sweden. Further  in extraordinary cases  the board of directors is entitled to limit the extent of LTI 2025 or terminate the program in advance  in whole or in part.9. The number of shares that each stock option may entitle to acquire shall be recalculated in the event of a share split  rights issues and similar corporate actions with the aim of keeping the economic value of a stock options unaffected by such actions.Item 12 (b) - Issue of warrantsIn order to secure the Company's delivery of shares under LTI 2025 and secure related costs (primarily social security contributions) the board of directors proposes that the annual general meeting resolves on a directed issue of warrants of series 2025/2028.Therefore  the board of directors proposes that the annual general meeting resolves to issue a maximum of 5 913 900 warrants on the following terms:1. The right to subscribe shall  with deviation from the shareholders' preferential rights  be granted to the Company with right and obligation to transfer the warrants to the Participants in LTI 2025. The reason for the deviation from the shareholders' preferential rights is adoption and implementation of LTI 2025.2. The warrants shall be subscribed for on a separate subscription list no later than 3 June 2025. The board of directors shall be entitled to extend the subscription period. The warrants shall be issued free of charge to the Company.3. Each warrant entitles the holder to subscribe for one new share in the Company for cash payment at a subscription price corresponding to 130 percent of the volume-weighted average price paid for the Company's share on Nasdaq First North during a period of ten trading days after the annual general meeting 2025 (not lower than the share's quota value of SEK 0.05). Day without price quotation shall not be included in the calculation. The subscription price thus calculated is rounded to the nearest full penny  whereby 0.5 ""öre"" shall be rounded up.4. The subscription price and the number of shares that each warrant entitles to subscribe for shall be recalculated in the event of a split  reverse split  new issue of shares  etc. in accordance with customary recalculation terms. Full terms of recalculation are set out in the board of directors' complete proposal.5. The warrants may be exercised for subscription of shares during the period from 1 July 2028 up to and including 31 October 2028  subject to applicable insider legislation. If a warrant holder is prevented from subscribing for shares during the subscription period due to Regulation (EU) No 596/2014 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 16 April 2014 on market abuse (Market Abuse Regulation) or other equivalent legislation in force from time to time  the chairman of the board of directors of the Company shall be entitled to allow such holder to subscribe for shares instead as soon as he or she is no longer prevented from doing so  but no later than 30 calendar days after such prevention has ceased.6. The new shares issued through exercise of the warrants shall entitle rights to dividends for the first time on the record date for dividend closest after the new shares have been registered by the Swedish Companies Registration Office (Sw. Bolagsverket) and registered in the register of shareholders maintained by Euroclear Sweden AB.7. Upon full exercise of the warrants for subscription of new shares  the share capital will increase by SEK 295 695. Oversubscription is not possible.Item 12 (c) - Approval of transfer of warrants to the Participants and to third partiesThe board of directors further proposes that the annual general meeting resolves to approve that the Company may transfer warrants to Participants in LTI 2025 free of charge in connection with stock options being exercised in accordance with the terms and conditions in accordance with (a) above or otherwise dispose of the warrants to secure the Company's commitments and costs in connection with LTI 2025. The board of directors shall not have the right to dispose of the warrants for any purpose other than to secure the Company's commitments and costs in connection with LTI 2025.One stock option entitles the holder to acquire one warrant. Notification of acquisition of warrants shall be made during the period from 1 July 2028 to 31 October 2028. The warrants are acquired free of charge by the Participants.In connection with the notification of acquisition of warrants  the Participant shall submit an irrevocable power of attorney to a representative of the Company authorizing the representative of the Company to exercise the warrants received for subscription of shares in the Company in the name and on behalf of the Participant immediately after the Company has transferred the warrant to the Participant.Warrants held by the Company and not transferred to the Participants in LTI 2025 or used to secure the Company's commitments and costs in connection with LTI 2025 may be cancelled by the Company following a decision by the board of directors of the Company. Cancellation shall be notified to the Swedish Companies Registration Office for registration.Dilution and costs etc.The maximum dilution for existing shareholders as a result of LTI 2025  including warrants that may be issued as a result of hedging measures due to social security contributions that may arise under item (b)  is approximately 2.72 percent of the total number of shares in the Company. The dilution has been calculated as the number of additional shares in relation to the existing number and additional shares.The stock options will be regarded as personnel costs during the vesting period  without any impact on the Company's cash flow. If the stock options are exercised  LTI 2025 may also entail costs in the form of social security contributions. The total costs for the social security contributions will depend  partially on the Participant's employment or assignment form in the Company  partially on the number of stock options that will be vested  and partially on the value of the benefit that the Participant finally receives  i.e.  on the value of the stock options when exercised in 2028. The costs due to social security contributions will be accrued over the vesting period. The Company intends to hedge the entire cash-flow impact of the social security contributions through an issue of warrants  in accordance with the board of directors proposal under item 12 (b)  which may be exercised by a financial third party in connection with the exercise of the stock options. If the Company creates such a hedge structure  the costs for social security contributions will not affect the Company's cash flow.Based on the assumption that all options in LTI 2025 are vested  an assumed share price of SEK 2.00 upon exercise of the stock options  and an assumed average social security rate of approximately 31.42 percent  the total costs for the program  including social security contributions  will amount to approximately SEK 2.0 million  which corresponds to approximately 1.6 percent of the Company's yearly salary costs for employees (including social security contributions) for the 2024 financial year. The Company estimates the legal and financial advisory fees for LTI 2025 to approximately SEK 150 000.Preparation of proposalThe board of directors has prepared LTI 2025 in consultation with external advisors.Overview of outstanding incentive programsThe Company currently has three outstanding share-based programs  LTI 2022  LTI 2023 and LTI 2024.LTI 2022 was resolved at the annual general meeting on 28 April 2022. LTI 2022 was directed to three categories (Management  Stars and Rockets). Under LTI 2022  a maximum of 5 519 640 warrants could be issued. Since some participants are no longer employed by the Company  a number of warrants granted under LTI 2022 have lapsed. Thus  the total number of outstanding warrants under LTI 2022 amounts to 4 706 244  of which 3 386 604 are warrants transferred to the participants and 1 319 640 warrants issued to secure the cash flow for social security contributions. The number of warrants that will be exercised to secure the cash flow for social charges depends on the number of warrants converted by the participants after the duration of the program. Each warrant entitles the holder to subscribe for one share in the Company at a subscription price of SEK 9.60. The warrants may be exercised for subscription of shares during the period from 1 July 2025 to 1 September 2025.LTI 2023 was resolved at the Extraordinary General Meeting on 31 July 2023. LTI 2023 was directed to the Company's management. Under LTI 2023  a maximum of 4 300 000 warrants could be issued. Since some participants are no longer employed by the Company  a number of warrants granted under LTI 2023 have lapsed. Thus  the total number of outstanding warrants under LTI 2023 amounts to 3 159 534. Each warrant entitles the holder to subscribe for one share in the Company at a subscription price of SEK 2.50. The warrants may be exercised for subscription of shares during the period from 14 August 2026 to 30 September 2026.LTI 2024 was resolved at the annual general meeting on 26 April 2024. LTI 2024 was directed to senior executives and other key employees in the Company and the Group. Under LTI 2024  a maximum of 4 200 000 warrants could be issued. Since some participants are no longer employed by the Company  a number of warrants granted under LTI 2024 have lapsed. Thus  the total number of outstanding warrants under LTI 2024 amounts to 3 962 500. Each warrant entitles the holder to subscribe for one share in the Company at a subscription price of SEK 0.90. The warrants may be exercised for subscription of shares during the period from 1 July 2027 up to and including 31 October 2027.Total dilution for LTI 2022  LTI 2023  LTI 2024 and LTI 2025 as now proposed amounts to approximately 7.75 percent (provided that all warrants are converted into shares by the participants and that all possible warrants are exercised for hedging of other costs).Special majority requirements etc.A resolution in accordance with item 12 require support of shareholders with at least nine tenths (9/10) of the shares represented and votes cast at the annual general meeting.The board of directors  or the person that the board of directors may appoint  shall be authorized to make minor adjustments necessary in connection with the registration of the resolution under item a)-c) above with the Swedish Companies Registration Office or  where applicable  Euroclear Sweden AB.Item 13 - Resolution on authorization for the board of directors to resolve on issue of shares  warrants and/or convertiblesThe board of directors proposes that the annual general meeting 2025 resolves on an authorization for the board of directors to  with or without deviation from the shareholders' preferential rights  on one or more occasions until the next annual general meeting  resolve on issue of shares  warrants and/or convertibles in the Company. The total number of shares covered by such issues may in total correspond to a maximum of ten (10) percent of the shares in the Company at the time the authorization is used for the first time. Payment for subscribed shares  warrants or convertibles may be paid in cash  by set-off or in kind or on terms referred to in chapter 2 section 5 of the Companies Act.The purpose of the authorization and the reasons for a possible deviation from the shareholders' preferential right is to  in a flexible and cost-effective manner  enable additional financing of the Company's operations  to finance company acquisitions or acquisitions of businesses or assets  to be able to issue the mentioned instruments as remuneration in such acquisitions and for the Company's strategic collaborations  to enable issue to industrial partners and to broaden the shareholder group.The board of directors  the CEO  or the person designated by board of directors  shall be authorized to make such minor adjustments in the general meeting's resolution required for the registration at the Swedish Companies Registration Office or due to other formal requirements.For the present resolution to be valid  it is required that the proposal is approved by shareholders representing at least two-thirds (2/3) of both the votes cast and the shares represented at the meeting.DocumentsThe annual report and the auditor's report and power of attorney forms will be available at the Company no later than three (3) weeks before the meeting and the board of directors' complete proposals for resolutions will be available at the Company's office at Malmskillnadsgatan 13 in Stockholm  Sweden no later than two (2) weeks before the meeting. The documents will also be available on the Company's website ir.bambuser.com and are sent free of charge to shareholders who so requests and provides their postal address.The nomination committee's complete proposal for resolutions  reasoned opinion regarding its proposal for the board of directors and information on the proposed board members are available on the Company's website.Number of shares and votesAt the time of the notice  a total of 211 235 385 shares and votes are issued in the Company.Shareholders' right to request informationThe board of directors and CEO shall  in accordance with chapter 7  section 32 and 57 of the Companies Act  if any shareholder so requests and if the board of directors is of the opinion that it can be done without causing material harm to the Company  provide information regarding circumstances that affect the assessment of an item on the agenda  or conditions that may affect the assessment of the company's financial situation. The duty of disclosure also covers the Company's relationship with other group companies  the consolidated accounts and such circumstances regarding subsidiaries as referred to in the previous sentence.Processing of personal dataFor information about how your personal data is processed  please refer to the privacy policy available on Euroclear Sweden AB's website: https://www.euroclear.com/dam/ESwithLegal/Privacy-notice-bolagsstammor-eelska.pdf.Sckholm  April 2025Bambuser ABThe board of directorsContact information:Corporate Communications  Bambuser AB+46 8 400 160 00 | ir@bambuser.comCertified AdviserCarnegie Investment Bank AB (publ)About BambuserBambuser is the world's leading virtual commerce company with the largest customer base in its industry. More than 250 brands from 40+ countries leverage Bambuser's best-in-class solutions.Bambuser is truly global with headquarters in Stockholm and offices in New York  London  Paris  Tokyo  and Turku  and with a passionate team speaking more than 30 languages. Founded in 2007 as a livestreaming pioneer  trusted by the world's leading news agencies  Bambuser pivoted to Live Shopping in 2019  leveraging its legacy as the industry leader in video-first technology.AttachmentsNotice of Annual General Meeting in Bambuser ABSOURCE: Bambuser ABView the original press release on ACCESS Newswire",neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,positive,0.91,0.09,0.0,True,English,"['Annual General Meeting', 'Bambuser AB', 'Notice', 'Pyramid Holdco S.A.R.L', 'Harmony Partners IV LP', 'one (1) registered auditing firm', 'next annual general meeting', 'Mäster Samuelsgatan', 'advokat Mats Dahlberg', 'Muirfield Invest AB', 'six (6) ordinary members', 'other corresponding documents', 'corporate identification number', 'Euroclear Sweden AB', 'consolidated income statement', 'voting rights registration', 'consolidated balance sheet', 'Vitruvian Partners', 'voting list', 'consolidated accounts', 'annual report', 'legal entity', 'record date', 'Such registration', 'ACCESS Newswire', 'Advokatfirman Delphi', 'two persons', 'nomination committee', 'Jeppe Bredahl', 'Brightfolk A/S', 'Claes Kinell', 'Tomas Meerits', 'Mark Lotke', 'following proposals', 'Bambuser AB', 'telephone number', 'maximum number', 'board members', 'attorney form', 'respective nominee', 'mail address', 'Shareholders', 'proxy', 'power', 'writing', 'certificate', 'authority', 'signatory', 'order', 'entry', 'copy', 'generalmeeting', 'notice', 'attendance', 'Company', 'website', 'postal', 'shares', 'name', 'Thursday', 'May', 'accordance', 'procedures', 'time', 'Monday', 'presentation', 'Notification', 'AGM', 'Regeringsgatan', 'SE-1', 'Stockholm', 'personal', 'information', 'deputies', 'proxies', 'advisors', 'circumstances', 'April', 'FRA', '5JL', 'subsidiaries', 'Group', '2 June', 'Story', 'agenda', 'Opening', 'election', 'chairman', 'Preparation', 'approval', 'minutes', 'Determination', 'Submission', 'auditor', 'Resolution', 'adoption', 'allocation', 'result', 'discharge', 'liability', 'directors', 'CEO', 'remuneration', 'LTI', 'issue', 'warrants', 'series', 'authorization', 'convertibles', 'Closing', 'item', 'relation', 'absence', 'period', '3:00', '2:30']",2025-04-28,2025-04-28,finance.yahoo.com
50323,Deutsche Boerse,Bing API,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/logwin-good-operational-start-2025-202652402.html,Logwin With a Good Operational Start to 2025,With growing freight volumes  a significant increase in revenue  and operating earnings on par with the previous year  Logwin had a successful start to the year 2025 despite the,"GREVENMACHER  Luxembourg - April 28  2025 (NEWMEDIAWIRE) - With growing freight volumes  a significant increase in revenue  and operating earnings on par with the previous year  Logwin had a successful start to the year 2025 despite the increasingly difficult global environment. Overall economic conditions The global economy got off to a subdued start in 2025 and remained affected by geopolitical uncertainties and factors inhibiting growth. In Europe  particularly in Germany  the economy remained restrained. While individual countries showed slight signs of recovery  most European countries suffered from structural weaknesses and a persistently weak industrial economy. Above all  uncertainty about possible additional tariffs weighed noticeably on the export sector. In the first quarter of 2025  increased competitive pressure was evident in ocean  air and land freight. Since the turn of the year  rates in ocean and air freight have settled below the previous year's level. Net assets  financial situation and earnings position Revenues Due to volume effects  the Logwin Group's revenue in the first quarter of 2025 was significantly above the previous year's level at EUR 354.0m (2024: EUR 311.0m). The Air + Ocean business segment achieved encouraging sales of EUR 292.1m  significantly above the previous year's sales (2024: EUR 245.2m). Higher volumes in air and ocean freight offset the lower freight rates in the first quarter. In the Solutions business segment  revenue was slightly below the previous year's figure of EUR 66.2m at EUR 62.5m  which is primarily attributable to the loss of individual customer business. Operating result (EBITA) At EUR 18.8m  the Logwin Group's operating result (EBITA) for the first quarter of 2025 remained at the previous year's level (2024: EUR 19.0m). In both business segments  the acquisition of new customers and the expansion of existing customer business  measures taken to increase efficiency  and the opening of new locations or subsidiaries in the previous year contributed to the development of business activities. The investments made in the Air + Ocean business segment to expand the global network are being gradually integrated into the Group and thus increased personnel and IT costs in particular. The Solutions business segment achieved a very pleasing increase in earnings in the first three months compared with the previous year. Net result The Logwin Group's net result for the first quarter of 2025 amounted to EUR 14.1m (2024: EUR 15.8m). The decline compared with the previous year was due to lower financial income as a result of interest rates  volatile exchange rate developments  and a higher tax burden due to the absence of loss carryforwards that were still available in the previous year. Free cash flow The Logwin Group generated a free cash flow of EUR -9.4m in the first quarter of 2025 (2024: EUR 13.1m). This development is primarily attributable to negative working capital effects and purchase price payments for the most recent acquisitions. Risks and change in forecast Compared with the information provided in the 2024 annual financial report  the risk situation for the Logwin Group has not changed significantly. There continues to be an increased economic risk as a result of military conflicts and trade disputes. As part of its risk management  Logwin identifies risks at an early stage and pursues measures to minimize them. However  an unexpected negative impact on the Logwin Group's net assets  financial situation and earnings position cannot be ruled out. For other existing and potential risks  please refer to the 2024 Annual Financial Report. Compared to the forecast in the 2024 Annual Financial Report  there have been no significant changes in the expected development of the Logwin Group for 2025. The Logwin Group continues to expect a revenue of between EUR 1.27bn and EUR 1.55bn and an operating result (EBITA) of between EUR 74.5m and EUR 91.5m for the full year 2025. The Quarterly statement as of 31 March 2025 of Logwin Group is available on the internet at: www.logwin-logistics.com About Logwin AG Logwin AG (Grevenmacher  Luxembourg) provides efficient logistics and transport solutions for its customers from industry and trade. In 2024  the group generated sales of about EUR 1 4bn and currently employs over 3 800 staff. Logwin operates in all main markets worldwide and has around 190 locations on six continents. With its two business segments Solutions and Air + Ocean  Logwin AG is one of the leaders in the market. Logwin AG is listed in the Prime Standard of the Deutsche Borse. The majority shareholder is DELTON Logistics S.a r.l.  Grevenmacher (Luxembourg). The aforementioned key performance indicators (KPIs) are an integral part of Logwin Group's system of key figures and are described and defined in the section Financial Performance Management"" of the management report of the Annual Financial Report 2024 (page 1 et seq.) in line with the European Securities and Markets Authoritys (ESMA) Guidelines on Alternative Performance Measures (APM) dated 5 October 2015.Contact:www.logwin-logistics.com Axel SteinerChief Financial OfficerTel: +352 719690-1112axel.steiner@logwin-logistics.com Additional features:File: Logwin_Q1 2025_Quarterly_Statement",positive,0.92,0.07,0.0,mixed,0.09,0.25,0.66,True,English,"['Good Operational Start', 'Logwin', 'The Air + Ocean business segment', 'volatile exchange rate developments', 'The Solutions business segment', 'negative working capital effects', 'DELTON Logistics S.a', 'two business segments Solutions', 'section Financial Performance Management', 'Logwin AG Logwin AG', 'The Quarterly statement', 'unexpected negative impact', 'individual customer business', 'existing customer business', 'possible additional tariffs', 'Free cash flow', 'purchase price payments', 'lower financial income', 'key performance indicators', '2024 annual financial report', 'Overall economic conditions', 'higher tax burden', 'difficult global environment', 'first three months', 'most European countries', 'weak industrial economy', 'Alternative Performance Measures', 'The Logwin Group', 'growing freight volumes', 'lower freight rates', 'earnings position Revenues', 'ocean freight', 'business activities', 'management report', 'air freight', 'transport solutions', 'individual countries', 'volume effects', 'Higher volumes', 'financial situation', 'risk management', 'economic risk', 'other existing', 'key figures', 'European Securities', 'land freight', 'global economy', 'global network', 'efficient logistics', 'first quarter', 'significant increase', 'geopolitical uncertainties', 'slight signs', 'structural weaknesses', 'export sector', 'competitive pressure', 'Net assets', 'IT costs', 'pleasing increase', 'interest rates', 'recent acquisitions', 'risk situation', 'military conflicts', 'early stage', 'significant changes', 'main markets', 'six continents', 'Prime Standard', 'Deutsche Borse', 'majority shareholder', 'Markets Authoritys', 'ESMA) Guidelines', 'previous year', 'full year', 'Operating result', 'Net result', 'successful start', 'new customers', 'new locations', 'loss carryforwards', 'trade disputes', 'integral part', 'encouraging sales', 'potential risks', 'expected development', '190 locations', 'GREVENMACHER', 'Luxembourg', 'April', 'NEWMEDIAWIRE', 'factors', 'growth', 'Germany', 'recovery', 'uncertainty', 'turn', 'level', 'EBITA', 'expansion', 'efficiency', 'opening', 'subsidiaries', 'investments', 'personnel', 'decline', 'absence', 'forecast', 'information', '31 March', 'internet', 'industry', '3,800 staff', 'leaders', 'KPIs', 'system', 'page', 'APM', '5 October', 'Contac']",2025-04-28,2025-04-28,finance.yahoo.com
50324,Deutsche Boerse,Bing API,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/makes-deutsche-boerse-ag-dboey-160006652.html,What Makes Deutsche Boerse AG (DBOEY) a Strong Momentum Stock: Buy Now?,Does Deutsche Boerse AG (DBOEY) have what it takes to be a top stock pick for momentum investors? Let's find out.,"Momentum investing is all about the idea of following a stock's recent trend  which can be in either direction. In the 'long' context  investors will essentially be ""buying high  but hoping to sell even higher."" And for investors following this methodology  taking advantage of trends in a stock's price is key; once a stock establishes a course  it is more than likely to continue moving in that direction. The goal is that once a stock heads down a fixed path  it will lead to timely and profitable trades.While many investors like to look for momentum in stocks  this can be very tough to define. There is a lot of debate surrounding which metrics are the best to focus on and which are poor quality indicators of future performance. The Zacks Momentum Style Score  part of the Zacks Style Scores  helps address this issue for us.Below  we take a look at Deutsche Boerse AG (DBOEY)  a company that currently holds a Momentum Style Score of A. We also talk about price change and earnings estimate revisions  two of the main aspects of the Momentum Style Score.It's also important to note that Style Scores work as a complement to the Zacks Rank  our stock rating system that has an impressive track record of outperformance. Deutsche Boerse AG currently has a Zacks Rank of #1 (Strong Buy). Our research shows that stocks rated Zacks Rank #1 (Strong Buy) and #2 (Buy) and Style Scores of A or B outperform the market over the following one-month period.You can see the current list of Zacks #1 Rank Stocks here >>>Set to Beat the Market?In order to see if DBOEY is a promising momentum pick  let's examine some Momentum Style elements to see if this company holds up.Looking at a stock's short-term price activity is a great way to gauge if it has momentum  since this can reflect both the current interest in a stock and if buyers or sellers have the upper hand at the moment. It is also useful to compare a security to its industry  as this can help investors pinpoint the top companies in a particular area.For DBOEY  shares are up 1.51% over the past week while the Zacks Securities and Exchanges industry is up 0.92% over the same time period. Shares are looking quite well from a longer time frame too  as the monthly price change of 10.12% compares favorably with the industry's 0.6% performance as well.Considering longer term price metrics  like performance over the last three months or year  can be advantageous as well. Over the past quarter  shares of Deutsche Boerse AG have risen 30.97%  and are up 65.69% in the last year. In comparison  the S&P 500 has only moved -9.16% and 10.9%  respectively.",neutral,0.02,0.98,0.0,mixed,0.47,0.19,0.34,True,English,"['Deutsche Boerse AG', 'Strong Momentum Stock', 'DBOEY', 'The Zacks Momentum Style Score', 'longer term price metrics', 'longer time frame', 'poor quality indicators', 'Deutsche Boerse AG', 'earnings estimate revisions', 'impressive track record', 'promising momentum pick', 'Momentum Style elements', 'short-term price activity', 'same time period', 'last three months', 'monthly price change', 'Zacks Style Scores', 'stock rating system', 'Zacks #1 Rank Stocks', 'Zacks Rank', 'Zacks Securities', 'Momentum investing', 'one-month period', 'recent trend', ""long' context"", 'fixed path', 'profitable trades', 'main aspects', 'current list', 'great way', 'current interest', 'upper hand', 'top companies', 'particular area', 'past week', 'past quarter', 'last year', 'S&P 500', 'Strong Buy', 'future performance', 'Exchanges industry', 'many investors', '0.6% performance', 'idea', 'direction', 'methodology', 'advantage', 'trends', 'course', 'goal', 'timely', 'lot', 'debate', 'issue', 'look', 'DBOEY', 'company', 'A.', 'complement', 'outperformance', 'research', 'market', 'following', 'order', 'buyers', 'sellers', 'security', 'shares', 'comparison']",2025-04-28,2025-04-28,finance.yahoo.com
50325,Deutsche Boerse,Bing API,https://markets.businessinsider.com/news/stocks/eqs-news-logwin-with-a-good-operational-start-to-2025-1034633425,EQS-News: Logwin with a good operational start to 2025,Compared to the forecast in the 2024 Annual Financial Report  there have been no significant changes in the expected development of the Logwin Group for 2025. The Logwin Group continues to expect a revenue of between EUR 1.27bn and EUR 1.55bn and an operating result (EBITA) of between EUR 74.5m and EUR 91.5m for the full year 2025.,EQS-News: Logwin AG / Key word(s): Quarterly / Interim Statement/Interim ReportLogwin with a good operational start to 2025 (news with additional features)28.04.2025 / 11:54 CET/CESTThe issuer is solely responsible for the content of this announcement.Grevenmacher (Luxembourg) - With growing freight volumes  a significant increase in revenue  and operating earnings on par with the previous year  Logwin had a successful start to the year 2025 despite the increasingly difficult global environment.Overall economic conditionsThe global economy got off to a subdued start in 2025 and remained affected by geopolitical uncertainties and factors inhibiting growth. In Europe  particularly in Germany  the economy remained restrained. While individual countries showed slight signs of recovery  most European countries suffered from structural weaknesses and a persistently weak industrial economy. Above all  uncertainty about possible additional tariffs weighed noticeably on the export sector.In the first quarter of 2025  increased competitive pressure was evident in ocean  air and land freight. Since the turn of the year  rates in ocean and air freight have settled below the previous year's level.Net assets  financial situation and earnings positionRevenues Due to volume effects  the Logwin Group's revenue in the first quarter of 2025 was significantly above the previous year's level at EUR 354.0m (2024: EUR 311.0m). The Air + Ocean business segment achieved encouraging sales of EUR 292.1m  significantly above the previous year's sales (2024: EUR 245.2m). Higher volumes in air and ocean freight offset the lower freight rates in the first quarter. In the Solutions business segment  revenue was slightly below the previous year's figure of EUR 66.2m at EUR 62.5m  which is primarily attributable to the loss of individual customer business.Operating result (EBITA) At EUR 18.8m  the Logwin Group's operating result (EBITA) for the first quarter of 2025 remained at the previous year's level (2024: EUR 19.0m). In both business segments  the acquisition of new customers and the expansion of existing customer business  measures taken to increase efficiency  and the opening of new locations or subsidiaries in the previous year contributed to the development of business activities. The investments made in the Air + Ocean business segment to expandthe global network are being gradually integrated into the Group and thus increased personnel and IT costs in particular. The Solutions business segment achieved a very pleasing increase in earnings in the first three months compared with the previous year.Net result The Logwin Group's net result for the first quarter of 2025 amounted to EUR 14.1m (2024: EUR 15.8m). The decline compared with the previous year was due to lower financial income as a result of interest rates  volatile exchange rate developments  and a higher tax burden due to the absence of loss carryforwards that were still available in the previous year.Free cash flow The Logwin Group generated a free cash flow of EUR -9.4m in the first quarter of 2025 (2024: EUR 13.1m). This development is primarily attributable to negative working capital effects and purchase price payments for the most recent acquisitions.Risks and change in forecastCompared with the information provided in the 2024 annual financial report  the risk situation for the Logwin Group has not changed significantly. There continues to be an increased economic risk as a result of military conflicts and trade disputes. As part of its risk management  Logwin identifies risks at an early stage and pursues measures to minimize them. However  an unexpected negative impact on the Logwin Group's net assets  financial situation and earnings position cannot be ruled out. For other existing and potential risks  please refer to the 2024 Annual Financial Report.Compared to the forecast in the 2024 Annual Financial Report  there have been no significant changes in the expected development of the Logwin Group for 2025. The Logwin Group continues to expect a revenue of between EUR 1.27bn and EUR 1.55bn and an operating result (EBITA) of between EUR 74.5m and EUR 91.5m for the full year 2025.The Quarterly statement as of 31 March 2025 of Logwin Group is available on the internet at: www.logwin-logistics.comAbout Logwin AGLogwin AG (Grevenmacher  Luxembourg) provides efficient logistics and transport solutions for its customers from industry and trade. In 2024  the group generated sales of about EUR 1 4bn and currently employs over 3 800 staff. Logwin operates in all main markets worldwide and has around 190 locations on six continents. With its two business segments Solutions and Air + Ocean  Logwin AG is one of the leaders in the market.Logwin AG is listed in the Prime Standard of the Deutsche Börse. The majority shareholder is DELTON Logistics S.à r.l.  Grevenmacher (Luxembourg).The aforementioned key performance indicators (KPIs) are an integral part of Logwin Group’s system of key figures and are described and defined in the section „Financial Performance Management“ of the management report of the Annual Financial Report 2024 (page 1 et seq.) in line with the European Securities and Markets Authority‘s (ESMA) Guidelines on Alternative Performance Measures (APM) dated 5 October 2015.Contact:www.logwin-logistics.comAxel SteinerChief Financial OfficerTel: +352 719690-1112axel.steiner@logwin-logistics.com,positive,0.97,0.02,0.0,mixed,0.2,0.25,0.56,True,English,"['good operational start', 'EQS-News', 'Logwin', 'The Air + Ocean business segment', 'volatile exchange rate developments', 'The Solutions business segment', 'negative working capital effects', 'two business segments Solutions', 'unexpected negative impact', 'The Quarterly statement', 'individual customer business', 'existing customer business', 'Free cash flow', 'purchase price payments', 'Deutsche Börse', 'lower financial income', 'Overall economic conditions', 'most European countries', 'possible additional tariffs', 'higher tax burden', 'DELTON Logistics S.à', '2024 annual financial report', 'good operational start', 'difficult global environment', 'key performance indicators', 'first three months', 'weak industrial economy', 'growing freight volumes', 'The Logwin Group', 'lower freight rates', 'ocean freight', 'business activities', 'air freight', 'transport solutions', 'individual countries', 'volume effects', 'Higher volumes', 'Interim Report', 'financial situation', 'Interim Statement', 'additional features', 'economic risk', 'other existing', 'efficient logistics', 'land freight', 'Key word', 'successful start', 'global economy', 'subdued start', 'global network', 'key figures', 'first quarter', 'significant increase', 'geopolitical uncertainties', 'slight signs', 'structural weaknesses', 'export sector', 'competitive pressure', 'Net assets', 'IT costs', 'pleasing increase', 'interest rates', 'recent acquisitions', 'risk situation', 'military conflicts', 'risk management', 'early stage', 'significant changes', 'main markets', 'six continents', 'Prime Standard', 'majority shareholder', 'Logwin AG', 'previous year', 'full year', 'Operating result', 'Net result', 'earnings position', 'new customers', 'new locations', 'loss carryforwards', 'trade disputes', 'integral part', 'encouraging sales', 'potential risks', 'expected development', '190 locations', 'EQS-News', 'CEST', 'issuer', 'content', 'announcement', 'Grevenmacher', 'Luxembourg', 'revenue', 'factors', 'growth', 'Germany', 'recovery', 'uncertainty', 'turn', 'level', 'EBITA', 'expansion', 'measures', 'efficiency', 'opening', 'subsidiaries', 'investments', 'personnel', 'decline', 'absence', 'forecast', 'information', '31 March', 'internet', 'logwin-logistics', 'industry', '3,800 staff', 'leaders', 'KPIs', 'system', 'section']",2025-04-28,2025-04-28,markets.businessinsider.com
50326,Deutsche Boerse,Bing API,https://www.nbcnewyork.com/news/business/money-report/european-markets-set-to-start-busy-earnings-data-week-in-positive-territory/6240538/,European markets set to start busy earnings  data week in positive territory,European markets are set to start the trading week in positive territory  with investors anticipating major earnings and data releases in Europe and the U.S.,"This was CNBC's live blog covering European markets.European markets closed higher on Monday  as investors began digesting a slew of major earnings and data releases both in Europe and the U.S. this week.The Stoxx 600 index provisionally closed higher by 0.5%  with the travel and banking sectors leading the gains.Watch NBC 4 free wherever you are WATCH HERE WATCH HERERegionally  the FTSE 100 closed up 0.02% — its 11th consecutive day of gains and its best run since late 2019. France's CAC 40 and Germany's DAX were up 0.5% and 0.06%  respectively.Top postsGet Tri-state area news delivered to your inbox with NBC New York's News Headlines newsletter. SIGN UP SIGN UPDeliveroo shares soar after DoorDash offer as firm suspends share buyback | view postMediobanca puts in $7.2 billion takeover offer for Banca Generali | view postAirbus completes deal to acquire Spirit AeroSystems assets | view postVolkswagen truck unit Traton shares rise despite sales decline | view postThis week  French and German gross domestic product and inflation data out Wednesday will be closely watched  as well as earnings from HSBC  BP  Deutsche Bank and Shell.Elsewhere  Asia-Pacific markets were muted as investors assessed China's promises to support domestic businesses as well as developments in trade negotiations between the U.S. and countries in the region.On Wall Street  four of the ""Magnificent Seven"" companies — Amazon  Apple  Meta Platforms and Microsoft — will release their quarterly reports. Heavyweights such as Visa  Coca-Cola  Eli Lilly and Berkshire Hathaway are also on the docket.— CNBC's Pia Singh and Amala Balakrishner contributed to this market summaryEuropean stocks close higher as investors digest company earningsEuropean stocks closed higher as investors digested major earnings and data releases.The Stoxx 600 index provisionally closed higher by 0.5%  with the travel and banking sectors leading the gains.Regionally  the FTSE 100 closed up 0.02%  its 11th consecutive day of gains and its best run since late 2019. France's CAC 40 and Germany's DAX were up 0.5% and 0.06%  respectively.Spain's IBEX 35 closed higher by 0.75% after the stock exchange operator confirmed that trading operations were continuing smoothly despite widespread power cuts nationwide.— Ganesh RaoStocks open in the greenStocks traded up on Monday morning.The S&P 500 rose about 0.2% shortly after the opening bell  while the Nasdaq Composite gained 0.1%. The Dow Jones Industrial Average also climbed 178 points  or 0.4%.— Sean ConlonUK's FTSE 100 heads for 11th positive session in best run since 2019The U.K.'s FTSE 100 was 0.4% higher at 9:50 a.m. in London  putting the blue chip index on track for its eleventh straight session in the green.Gains at the Monday close would extend its best winning run since December 2019  when the index also closed higher for eleven sessions in a row.The more domestic-oriented FTSE 250 has closed higher for the last three sessions  and was last up 0.48% on Monday.— Jenni ReidDeliveroo shares soar more than 16% after suspending share buybackDeliveroo shares shot up over 16%  hitting their highest level since January 2022  after the food delivery firm suspended a share buyback following a $3.6 billion offer from U.S. firm DoorDash.""The Company announces that further to its announcement on 25 April 2025 that the Company had received an indicative proposal from DoorDash  Inc regarding a possible cash offer for the entire issued ordinary share capital of the Company  the Company has suspended with immediate effect  the £100 million Buyback Programme that was announced on 18 March 2025 "" Deliveroo said in a statement.""Any recommencement of the Buyback Programme will be announced to the market.""By 8:17 a.m. London time  the shares were 16.58% higher.— Katrina BishopVolkswagen truck unit Traton shares up 4% despite sales declineShares of Traton  the truck- and bus-maker majority owned by Germany's Volkswagen  popped 4.3% in morning deals after the company reported lower quarterly sales but a growing order book.Traton's sales revenue in the first quarter declined 10% year on year to 646 million euros ($732.8 million)  while incoming orders rose 12% to 74 300 vehicles.Truck sales in the U.S. fell  which it attributed to ""cautious buyers in an uncertain economic environment.""The company said it ""got off to a slow start to 2025  yet expects an improved business performance in the second half of the year due to a renewed increase in incoming orders."" It also reaffirmed its full-year outlook.Analysts at Citi said in a note that with most figures having been pre-released  orders stood out positively and were stronger in Europe than reported by Volvo last week.— Jenni ReidEurope stocks open higherEurope's Stoxx 600 index opened 0.5% higher on Monday  continuing momentum from the last two weeks.France's CAC 40 jumped 0.54%  while the U.K.'s FTSE 100 and Germany's DAX were 0.4% and 0.3% higher  respectively.— Jenni ReidMediobanca puts in $7.2 billion takeover offer for Banca GeneraliBloomberg | Bloomberg | Getty ImagesItalian lender Mediobanca on Monday made a public 6.3 billion euro ($7.17 billion) offer to buy domestic peer Banca Generali as it seeks to boost its wealth management operations.Mediobanca  itself the takeover target of Banca Monte dei Paschi di Siena amid a broader wave of attempted consolidation among Italian lenders  seeks to pay for the purchase by swapping its shares of Italian insurer Assicurazione Generali  the parent of Banca Generali with a 50.17% holding.The proposal sets an exchange ratio of 1.7 Assicurazioni Generali shares  ex-dividend  for each Banca Generali share  based on the prices of April 25. The bid implies an offer price of 54.17 euro per share  or a roughly 11% premium from Mediobanca's latest close.The deal  which would generate 300 million euros in synergies  will create ""a market leader  ranking second in Italy by assets (TFAs of €210bn) and distribution network (approx. 3 700 professionals) "" Mediobanca said.Typically a rarity in the languishing European banking sector  hostile takeovers have taken Italy's lenders by storm  with UniCredit  Monte dei Paschi and now Mediobanca launching consolidation offers domestically and abroad since the second half of last year.It comes as European banks struggle to keep pace with their transatlantic peers  with analysts pointing to mergers as a potential avenue to gain footing.— Ruxandra IordacheAirbus completes deal to acquire Spirit AeroSystems assetsAirbus on Monday announced it had finalized a deal to take on a batch of assets from struggling U.S. supplier Spirit AeroSystems  largely related to European production of its own commercial aircraft.The Toulouse  France-based planemaker last year agreed to take on parts of Spirit's operations  while the wider company is being reintegrated into former parent company Boeing in a $4.7 billion stock deal.Airbus will take ownership of sites in Kinston  North Carolina  in St. Nazaire  France and in Casablanca  Morocco  which make parts of its A350  A321 and A220 aircraft.It will also take over production of A220 pylons in Wichita  Kansas  A220 wings in Belfast  Northern Ireland  and wing components for A320s and A350s in Prestwick  Scotland.Spirit's Europe-focused operations are currently loss-making  according to Reuters.Airbus will be compensated with $439 million by Spirit subject to adjustments  the company said  while Airbus has entered into a memorandum of agreement to provide Spirit with $200 million in non-interest bearing lines of credit.— Jenni ReidEuropean markets: Here are the opening callsEuropean markets are expected to start the new trading week in positive territory on Monday.The U.K.'s FTSE 100 index is expected to open 115 points higher at 8 430  Germany's DAX up 26 points at 22 266  France's CAC 16 points higher at 7 553 and Italy's FTSE MIB 77 points higher at 36 955  according to data from IG.Earnings are due from Porsche  Schneider Electric and Deutsche Boerse. Data releases include the latest French and Spanish unemployment figures.— Holly Ellyatt",positive,0.52,0.48,0.0,mixed,0.56,0.28,0.16,True,English,"['European markets', 'busy earnings', 'positive territory', 'data', 'Katrina Bishop Volkswagen truck unit Traton', 'The Dow Jones Industrial Average', 'Volkswagen truck unit Traton shares', 'German gross domestic product', '11th consecutive day', 'Tri-state area news', 'News Headlines newsletter', 'Spirit AeroSystems assets', 'Magnificent Seven"" companies', 'stock exchange operator', 'widespread power cuts', '11th positive session', 'eleventh straight session', 'growing order book', 'uncertain economic environment', 'last two weeks', 'The S&P 500', 'possible cash offer', 'last three sessions', 'The Stoxx 600 index', 'blue chip index', 'food delivery firm', '$7.2 billion takeover offer', 'ordinary share capital', 'The U.K.', 'NBC New York', 'lower quarterly sales', 'best winning run', '£100 million Buyback Programme', 'U.S. firm', 'Truck sales', '$3.6 billion offer', 'domestic businesses', 'best run', 'quarterly reports', 'eleven sessions', '646 million euros', 'share buyback', 'sales decline', 'sales revenue', 'live blog', 'European markets', 'data releases', 'banking sectors', 'Top posts', 'Banca Generali', 'inflation data', 'Deutsche Bank', 'Asia-Pacific markets', 'trade negotiations', 'Wall Street', 'Meta Platforms', 'Eli Lilly', 'Berkshire Hathaway', 'Pia Singh', 'Amala Balakrishner', 'trading operations', 'Ganesh Rao', 'opening bell', 'Nasdaq Composite', 'Sean Conlon', 'Jenni Reid', 'highest level', 'indicative proposal', 'immediate effect', 'bus-maker majority', 'morning deals', 'first quarter', 'cautious buyers', 'slow start', 'business performance', 'second half', 'full-year outlook', 'most figures', 'DoorDash offer', 'Deliveroo shares', 'major earnings', 'view post', 'incoming orders', 'European stocks', 'market summary', 'London time', 'Monday morning', 'Monday close', 'FTSE 100 heads', 'domestic-oriented FTSE 250', 'company earnings', 'Europe stocks', 'CNBC', 'investors', 'slew', 'travel', 'gains', 'late', 'France', 'CAC', 'Germany', 'DAX', 'inbox', 'Mediobanca', 'Airbus', 'French', 'Wednesday', 'HSBC', 'BP', 'Shell', 'China', 'promises', 'developments', 'countries', 'region', 'Amazon', 'Apple', 'Microsoft', 'Heavyweights', 'Visa', 'Coca-Cola', 'docket', 'Spain', 'IBEX', 'green', 'UK', '9:50 a', 'track', 'December', 'January', 'announcement', '25 April', 'entire', '18 March', 'statement', 'recommencement', '8:17 a', '74,300 vehicles', 'increase', 'Analysts', 'Citi', 'note', 'Volvo', 'momentum', '0.']",2025-04-28,2025-04-28,nbcnewyork.com
50327,EuroNext,Bing API,https://www.tmcnet.com/usubmit/2025/04/28/10184263.htm,GENFIT: positive late-breaking Phase 2 data for elafibranor in Primary Sclerosing Cholangitis (PSC) to be presented by Ipsen at EASL Congress 2025,Zurich (Switzerland)   - GENFIT (Nasdaq and Euronext: GNFT)  a biopharmaceutical company dedicated to improving the lives of patients with rare and life-threatening liver diseases  today announced that Ipsen will be presenting data from its late-breaking abstract on elafibranor ,Zurich (Switzerland)   - GENFIT (Nasdaq and Euronext: GNFT)  a biopharmaceutical company dedicated to improving the lives of patients with rare and life-threatening liver diseases  today announced that Ipsen will be presenting data from its late-breaking abstract on elafibranor ,positive,0.72,0.28,0.0,neutral,0.0,0.96,0.04,True,English,"['positive late-breaking Phase 2 data', 'Primary Sclerosing Cholangitis', 'EASL Congress', 'GENFIT', 'elafibranor', 'PSC', 'Ipsen', 'life-threatening liver diseases', 'biopharmaceutical company', 'breaking abstract', 'Zurich', 'Switzerland', 'GENFIT', 'Nasdaq', 'Euronext', 'GNFT', 'lives', 'patients', 'rare', 'Ipsen', 'data', 'late', 'elafibranor']",2025-04-28,2025-04-28,tmcnet.com
50328,EuroNext,Bing API,https://www.manilatimes.net/2025/04/29/tmt-newswire/globenewswire/iba-acquisition-of-own-shares/2100916,IBA - ACQUISITION OF OWN SHARES,"Louvain-la-Neuve  Belgium  April 28th  2025 - In accordance with article 8:4 of the Royal Decree of 29 April 2019 executing the Belgian Code on Companies and Associations  Ion Beam Applications SA (""IBA”) hereby discloses information in relation to its share buyback program announced on March 24 th  2025.","Immediate Release - April 28th  2025Louvain-la-Neuve  Belgium  April 28th  2025 - In accordance with article 8:4 of the Royal Decree of 29 April 2019 executing the Belgian Code on Companies and Associations  Ion Beam Applications SA (""IBA”) hereby discloses information in relation to its share buyback program announced on March 24th  2025.Under this program  IBA has requested a financial intermediary to repurchase up to 650 000 IBA ordinary shares on its behalf under the terms of a mandate with validity until December 31st  2025  effective as from March 25th  2025  to cover the company's obligations under long-term incentive plans for management and certain members of its personnel.In the framework of this share buyback program  IBA repurchased 122 000 IBA shares on Euronext Brussels in the period from April 22nd  2025 up to and including April 28th  2025  as follows:Trade date Shares purchased Average price Min price Max price Buyback amount 22-04-25 10 000 9.70 € 9.50 € 9.98 € 97 047.00 € 23-04-25 7 000 9.96 € 9.81 € 10.06 € 69 743.10 € 23-04-25 85 000 9.91 € 9.91 € 9.91 € 842 350.00 € 24-04-25 8 000 10.15 € 9.95 € 10.28 € 81 224.00 € 25-04-25 6 000 10.56 € 10.42 € 10.66 € 63 334.80 € 28-04-25 6 000 10.51 € 10.46 € 10.60 € 63 060.60 € TOTAL 122 000 9.97 € 9.50 € 10.66 € 1 216 759.50 €Get the latest newsdelivered to your inbox Sign up for The Manila Times newsletters By signing up with an email address  I acknowledge that I have read and agree to the Terms of Service and Privacy PolicyThese transactions include the purchase of a block of 85 000 shares at a price of 9.91 EUR/share  which was executed on April 23  2025 at 2:16:42 PM on the central order book of Euronext Brussels (XBRU).The total number of shares purchased under this program therefore amounts to 474 017  following this fifth week of execution. As a result  the current situation with respect to treasury shares (held directly by IBA SA and indirectly through its subsidiary IBA Investments SRL) is the following :Shares Voting rights IBA Investments SRL 51 973 103 946 IBA SA 787 596 854 019 Total - Treasury shares 839 569 957 965 Total - Issued shares 30 282 218 40 514 366 Treasury shares in % 2.77% 2.36%AdvertisementIBA (Ion Beam Applications S.A.) is the world leader in particle accelerator technology. The company is the leading supplier of equipment and services in the fields of proton therapy  considered as the most advanced form of radiation therapy available today  as well as industrial sterilization  radiopharmaceuticals and dosimetry. The company  based in Louvain-la-Neuve  Belgium  employs approximately 2 100 people worldwide. IBA is a certified B Corporation (B Corp) meeting the highest standards of verified social and environmental performance.IBA is listed on the pan-European stock exchange EURONEXT (IBA: Reuters IBAB.BR and Bloomberg IBAB.BB).More information can be found at: www.iba-worldwide.comContact personAdvertisementIBAThomas PevenageInvestor Relations[email protected]AdvertisementAttachmentAdvertisement",neutral,0.01,0.98,0.01,negative,0.0,0.38,0.62,True,English,"['OWN SHARES', 'IBA', 'ACQUISITION', 'Ion Beam Applications S.A.', 'up to 650,000 IBA ordinary shares', 'Ion Beam Applications SA', 'The Manila Times newsletters', 'Max price Buyback amount', 'long-term incentive plans', 'central order book', 'particle accelerator technology', 'pan-European stock exchange', 'certified B Corporation', 'Reuters IBAB.BR', 'share buyback program', 'Trade date Shares', 'Shares Voting rights', 'IBA Investments SRL', 'Bloomberg IBAB', 'IBA SA', 'Average price', 'Min price', 'treasury shares', 'Immediate Release', 'Royal Decree', 'Belgian Code', 'March 24th', 'financial intermediary', 'December 31st', 'March 25th', 'latest news', 'email address', 'Privacy Policy', 'total number', 'fifth week', 'current situation', 'world leader', 'leading supplier', 'proton therapy', 'advanced form', 'radiation therapy', 'industrial sterilization', 'highest standards', 'environmental performance', 'Contact person', 'Thomas Pevenage', 'Investor Relations', '122,000 IBA shares', 'Euronext Brussels', 'April 28th', 'April 22nd', 'More information', 'Advertisement Attachment', '85,000 shares', '29 April', 'Louvain-la-Neuve', 'Belgium', 'accordance', 'Companies', 'Associations', 'behalf', 'terms', 'mandate', 'validity', 'company', 'obligations', 'management', 'members', 'personnel', 'framework', 'period', 'inbox', 'Service', 'transactions', 'purchase', 'block', 'XBRU', 'execution', 'result', 'respect', 'subsidiary', 'Issued', 'equipment', 'fields', 'radiopharmaceuticals', 'dosimetry', '2,100 people', 'social', 'BB', '9.91', '2:16:42']",2025-04-29,2025-04-28,manilatimes.net
50329,EuroNext,Bing API,https://www.finanznachrichten.de/nachrichten-2025-04/65235601-eurobio-scientific-2024-annual-results-399.htm,Eurobio Scientific: 2024 annual results,ANNUAL RESULTS Growth of core business and strategic execution Revenue up 19% to €154 million Organic growth at +9%Proprietary products account for a stable 31% of group revenueInternational accounts,2024 ANNUAL RESULTSGrowth of core business and strategic executionRevenue up 19% to €154 million Organic growth at +9% Proprietary products account for a stable 31% of group revenue International accounts for 41% of group revenueStable 2024 operational results  reflecting pressure on margins and underperformance of some European subsidiariesFree cash flow of €6 millionNet debt of €3.9 million  including EB Development current accountParis  April 28  2024 - 5:40 pm - Eurobio Scientific (FR0013240934  ALERS  PEA-PME eligible)  a leading French group in in vitro medical diagnostics and life sciences  today presents its consolidated annual results for 2024  prepared under French GAAP and approved by the company's Board of Directors  which met on April 28  2025.Eurobio Scientific's annual results for 2024 reflect both the Group's ability to grow in its core markets  and the increasing pressure on margins  as well as the difficulties encountered by some European subsidiaries.in M€ 2024consolidated 2023consolidated Variation Revenue 154 2 130 0 19% R&D grants and CIR 0 7 0 6 - Total operating income 154 9 130 6 19% Cost of goods sold (82 7) (68 8) 20% Gross operating margin 72 2 61 9 17% Impact of disposal of stock allocated to PPA (0 3) (4 4) Gross margin 1 71 9 57 5 25% Research and development expenses (4 6) (5 9) -22% Marketing and sales expenses (29 4) (19 2) 53% General and administrative expenses (16 1) (14 3) 13% Adjusted EBITDA 2 27 7 27 3 1% Amortization of intangible assets resulting from PPA (4 7) (4 5) 4% Amortization of goodwill (3 7) (3 4) 9% Operating income 13 3 10 1 Adjusted operating income 3 22 1 22 5 -2% Net financial income (5 6) (1 7) - Net exceptional income (1 4) (1 4) - Taxes (2 3) (2 2) - Net income 4 0 4 8 -17% Treasury 23 1 89 0 Financial debt excluding finance leases (3 6) (94 5) EB Development current account (23 4) - Shareholders' equity 178 7 175 019% revenue growth and increase in the share of proprietary productsEurobio Scientific reported sales of €154.2 million in 2024  up €24.3 million (+19%) versus 2023. On a comparable basis  i.e. excluding the effects of the acquisitions of DID in July 2023  Alpha Biotech in January 2024  and EndoPredict® /Prolaris® in August 2024  revenue increased by €12.2 million (+9%).Inorganic effects break down as follows:€6 million related to the inclusion of DID's activities over the full year 2024 compared with only 6 months in 2023 €3.8 million related to the EndoPredict® and Prolaris® oncology business acquired on August 1  2024 €2.3 million related to Alpha Biotech  acquired in January 2024.On a comparable basis  the €12.2 million increase in sales was mainly due to growth in France and at GenDx:In France  growth was driven by a number of non-recurring factors  such as the Covid and Pertussis epidemics  and the extension for a few months of certain calls for tender in the Transplantation segment  which maintained business volumes that were expected to decline. Excluding these effects  sales were stable;GenDx grew by around 19% across all territories (Europe  the United States and internationally)  with a number of one-off international distribution contracts contributing + €1.6 million to this growth. Adjusted for this non-recurring effect  GenDx's growth rate for the year was around 12%.Proprietary products accounted for 31% of total sales  stable compared with 2023. International sales amount to 41% of the Group total  versus 38% in 2023.Stability of operating results reflecting pressure on margins and difficulties at some European subsidiariesAt 46.6%  gross margin is down by around 1% compared with 2023. Exposure to the French market and downward trends in reimbursements for biological procedures explain the pressure on the Group's gross margin.Research and development expenses were down at €4.6 million  mainly due to lower activity in France. Marketing and sales costs rose by €10.1 million  of which €4.4 million related to the strengthening of sales and marketing teams at group and subsidiary level  and €5.7 million related to new acquisitions. General and administrative expenses rose by €1.8 million  of which €0.6 million related to new premises at GenDx and €0.9 million to acquisitions.On August 1  2024  the Group completed the acquisition of the EndoPredict® second-generation genomic test for breast cancer and the license agreement to distribute the Prolaris® second-generation genomic test for prostate cancer from Myriad Genetics. These activities generated sales of €3.8 million in 2024  down 10% compared to 2023. Corresponding EBITDA was negative around €1 million.As a result  EBITDA at December 31  2024 was €27.7 million  compared with €27.3 million at December 31  2023. Operating income was relatively stable at €22.1 million.Financial income was negative at €5.6 million  mainly due to the €3.6 million write-down of the Usense investment. Delays in bringing products to market and persistently negative results led the Group to prudently write down 100% of the value of this investment.Exceptional items were negative at -1.4 million euros. Net income for the year ended December 31  2024 was therefore €4 million.Free cashflow of €6MCash flow from operations amounted to €16.7 million. Cash flows from investing activities include -€3.1 million in net acquisitions of fixed assets  and -€10.1 million from the acquisition of Alpha Biotech and the entities producing and marketing EndoPredict® and Prolaris®. These cashflows were partially offset by the repayment of guarantee deposits of €2.5 million  which had been paid in connection with foreign exchange transactions. As a result  with net cash used in investing activities of €-10.7 million  free cash flow amounted to €6 million.At the close of the voluntary public tender offer launched in 2024  the Group repaid almost all its financial debt  consisting mainly of the debt raised in September 2022 with a syndicate of banking partners  as well as lines of credit with Bpifrance and LCL. In addition  the Group has arranged a €23.4 million line of credit with EB Development.At the end of December 2024  Eurobio Scientific had cash and cash equivalents of €23.1 million  a financial debt (excluding finance leases) of €3.6 million and EB Development's current account at €23.4 million  resulting in a net debt of €3.9 million.Continued strategic deploymentEurobio Scientific is pursuing the deployment of its strategic priorities: the development of its own products  internationalization and the opening up of new markets. The aim is to enable the Group to pursue its development with growth in both sales and margins.Next financial meetingAnnual General Meeting: June 19  2025About Eurobio ScientificEurobio Scientific is a major player in the field of specialty in vitro diagnostics. It is involved from research to marketing of diagnostic tests in the fields of transplantation  immunology and infectious diseases  and offers dedicated reagents for research laboratories  including pharmaceutical and biotechnology companies. With its numerous partnerships and strong hospital presence  Eurobio Scientific has its own extensive distribution network and a portfolio of proprietary products. The Group has around 320 employees  four production units based in the Paris region  Germany  the Netherlands and the USA  and subsidiaries in Milan (Italy)  Dorking (UK)  Sissach (Switzerland)  Bünde (Germany)  Antwerp (Belgium) and Utrecht (Netherlands).Eurobio Scientific's reference shareholders are the funds IK Partners and NextStage AM  together with its two directors Jean-Michel Carle and Denis Fortier. For further information  visitEurobio Scientific shares are listed on Euronext Growth Paris. Euronext Growth BPI Innovation  PEA-PME 150 and Next Biotech indices  Euronext European Rising Tech label.mnemonic: ALERS - ISIN code: FR0013240934 - Reuters: ALERS.PA - Bloomberg: ALERS:FPContactEurobio Scientific GroupDenis Fortier  Chairman and CEOOlivier Bosc  Executive Vice-President / CFOTel. +33 1 69 79 64 80 CalyptusMathieu CalleuxInvestor RelationsTel. +33 1 53 65 68 68eurobio-scientific@calyptus.net1 Includes the value of inventory allocated to APP at the time of acquisition of GenDx and DID and sold since - non-recurring.2 Adjusted for the value of inventory allocated to APP at the time of acquisition of GenDx and DID and sold since - non-recurring.,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,mixed,0.18,0.23,0.59,True,English,"['Eurobio Scientific', '2024 annual results', 'EB Development current account', 'Prolaris® second-generation genomic test', 'one-off international distribution contracts', 'EndoPredict® second-generation genomic test', 'Free cash flow', 'vitro medical diagnostics', '19% R&D grants', 'Stable 2024 operational results', 'Prolaris® oncology business', 'Net exceptional income', 'consolidated Variation Revenue', 'consolidated annual results', 'Net financial income', 'Total operating income', 'leading French group', 'Gross operating margin', 'development expenses', 'Net income', '2024 ANNUAL RESULTS', 'operating results', 'Net debt', 'Gross margin', 'core business', 'French GAAP', 'Financial debt', 'business volumes', 'negative results', 'strategic execution', 'European subsidiaries', 'Eurobio Scientific', 'life sciences', 'core markets', 'administrative expenses', 'intangible assets', ""Shareholders' equity"", 'comparable basis', 'Alpha Biotech', '€12.2 million increase', 'recurring factors', 'Pertussis epidemics', 'Transplantation segment', 'United States', 'recurring effect', 'downward trends', 'biological procedures', 'lower activity', 'subsidiary level', 'new premises', 'breast cancer', 'license agreement', 'prostate cancer', 'Myriad Genetics', '€3.6 million write-down', 'Group total', 'French market', 'total sales', 'International sales', 'Proprietary products', 'full year', 'Usense investment', 'sales expenses', 'sales costs', 'Organic growth', 'growth rate', 'group revenue', 'Inorganic effects', 'marketing teams', 'new acquisitions', 'Corresponding EBITDA', '19% revenue growth', 'increasing pressure', 'margins', 'underperformance', 'Paris', 'April', 'ALERS', 'PEA-PME', 'company', 'Board', 'Directors', 'ability', 'difficulties', 'CIR', '19% Cost', 'goods', 'Impact', 'disposal', 'stock', 'PPA', 'Research', 'General', 'Amortization', 'goodwill', 'Taxes', 'Treasury', 'finance', 'leases', 'DID', 'July', 'January', 'August', 'inclusion', 'activities', '6 months', 'France', 'GenDx', 'number', 'Covid', 'extension', 'calls', 'tender', 'territories', 'Exposure', 'reimbursements', 'strengthening', 'December', 'Delays', 'value', '5:40']",2025-04-06,2025-04-28,finanznachrichten.de
50330,EuroNext,Bing API,https://www.manilatimes.net/2025/04/29/tmt-newswire/globenewswire/press-release-sequana-medical-announces-new-share-capital-amount-and-new-number-of-shares/2100863,Press release: Sequana Medical Announces New Share Capital Amount and New Number of Shares,"up to 261 895 new shares can be issued upon the exercise of 90 780 share options that are still outstanding under the 'Executive Share Options' plan for staff members and consultants of the Company  entitling the holder thereof to acquire ca. 2.88 new shares when exercising one of his or her share options (the "" Executive Share Options "");","SEQUANA MEDICAL ANNOUNCES NEW SHARE CAPITAL AMOUNT AND NEW NUMBER OF SHARESGhent  Belgium  28 April 2025 - Sequana Medical NV (Euronext Brussels: SEQUA) (the ""Company"" or ""Sequana Medical"")  a pioneer in the treatment of drug-resistant fluid overload in liver disease  heart failure and cancer  announces today that  as a result of a subscription to new shares by GEM Global Yield LLC SCS (""GEM"")  the Company's share capital has increased on 28 April 2025 from EUR 5 477 375.45 to EUR 5 535 546.75 and the number of issued and outstanding shares has further increased from 52 867 073 to 53 428 572 ordinary shares  through the issuance of a total of 561 499 new shares at an issue price of EUR 0.9425 per share to the benefit of GEM. The aforementioned capital increase has been completed in the framework of the settlement of a first subscription request notice issued by the Company to GEM under the share subscription facility agreement entered into on 17 March 2025 between a.o. the Company and GEM (the ""Facility"")  and which had been approved in principle by the Company's board of directors within the framework of the authorised capital on 8 April 2025. For more information about the Facility  reference is made to the Company's press release dated 18 March 2025 (which can be accessed here).The total current number of outstanding subscription rights amounts to 3 899 576  which entitles their holders (if exercised) to subscribe to 5 066 304 new shares with voting rights in total  namely:up to 261 895 new shares can be issued upon the exercise of 90 780 share options that are still outstanding under the 'Executive Share Options' plan for staff members and consultants of the Company  entitling the holder thereof to acquire ca. 2.88 new shares when exercising one of his or her share options (the "" Executive Share Options "");""); up to 687 784 new shares can be issued upon the exercise of 687 784 share options (each share option having the form of a subscription right) that are still outstanding under the '2018 Share Options' plan for directors  employees and other staff members of the Company and its subsidiaries  entitling the holder thereof to acquire one new share when exercising one of his or her share options (the "" 2018 Share Options "");""); up to 188 370 new shares can be issued upon the exercise of 188 370 share options (each share option having the form of a subscription right) that are still outstanding under the '2021 Share Options' plan for directors  employees and other staff members of the Company and its subsidiaries  entitling the holder thereof to acquire one new share when exercising one of his or her share options (the "" 2021 Share Options "");""); up to 1 000 000 new shares can be issued upon the exercise of 1 000 000 share options (each share option having the form of a subscription right) that are still outstanding under the '2023 Share Options' plan for directors  employees and other staff members of the Company and its subsidiaries  entitling the holder thereof to acquire one new share when exercising one of his or her share options (the "" 2023 Share Options "");""); up to 302 804 new shares can be issued to Bootstrap Europe S.C.SP. upon the exercise of 10 warrants (each warrant having the form of a subscription right) that are still outstanding that have been issued by the extraordinary shareholders meeting of 27 May 2022 (the "" Bootstrap Warrants "");""); up to 1 567 819 new shares can be issued to Kreos Capital VII Aggregator SCSp. upon the exercise of 875 000 warrants (each warrant having the form of a subscription right) that are still outstanding that have been issued by the extraordinary shareholders meeting of 20 December 2024 (the "" Kreos Warrants "") 1 ; and"") ; and up to 1 057 632 new shares can be issued upon exercise of 1 057 632 subscription rights that are still outstanding that have been issued by the board of directors (within the framework of the authorized capital) on 27 April 2023 and 10 May 2023 in the framework of the private placement of new shares and new subscription rights (the ""2023 Investor Warrants""). Get the latest newsdelivered to your inbox Sign up for The Manila Times newsletters By signing up with an email address  I acknowledge that I have read and agree to the Terms of Service and Privacy PolicyThis announcement is made in accordance with Article 15 of the Belgian Act of 2 May 2007 on the disclosure of major participations in issuers of which shares are admitted to trading on a regulated market and regarding miscellaneous provisions.For more information  please contact:AdvertisementSequana MedicalInvestor relationsE: [email protected]T: +32 9 292 8065AdvertisementAbout Sequana MedicalSequana Medical NV is a pioneer in treating fluid overload  a serious and frequent clinical complication in patients with liver disease  heart failure and cancer. This causes major medical issues including increased mortality  repeated hospitalizations  severe pain  difficulty breathing and restricted mobility. Although diuretics are standard of care  they become ineffective  intolerable or exacerbate the problem in many patients. There are limited effective treatment options  resulting in poor clinical outcomes  high costs and a major impact on their quality of life. Sequana Medical is seeking to provide innovative treatment options for this large and growing ""diuretic resistant"" patient population. alfapump® and DSR® are Sequana Medical's proprietary platforms that work with the body to treat diuretic-resistant fluid overload  and are intended to deliver major clinical and quality of life benefits for patients  while reducing costs for healthcare systems.The Company received US FDA approval for the alfapump System for the treatment of recurrent or refractory ascites due to liver cirrhosis in December 2024  following the grant of FDA Breakthrough Device Designation in 2019. Sequana Medical intends to start US commercialisation in Q3 2025 through a small specialty sales force that it will establish to target the 90 US liver transplant centers that perform 95% of liver transplants.Results of the Company's RED DESERT and SAHARA proof-of-concept studies in heart failure published in European Journal of Heart Failure in April 2024 support DSR's mechanism of action as breaking the vicious cycle of cardiorenal syndrome. All three patients from the non-randomized cohort of MOJAVE  a US randomized controlled multi-center Phase 1/2a clinical study  have been successfully treated with DSR  resulting in a dramatic improvement in diuretic response and virtual elimination of loop diuretic requirements2.AdvertisementSequana Medical is listed on the regulated market of Euronext Brussels (Ticker: SEQUA.BR) and headquartered in Ghent  Belgium. For further information  please visit www.sequanamedical.com.Important Safety Information: For important safety information regarding the alfapump® system  see https://www.sequanamedical.com/wp-content/uploads/ISI.pdf.The alfapump® System is currently not approved in Canada.DSR® therapy is still in development and is currently not approved in any country. The safety and effectiveness of DSR® therapy has not been established.AdvertisementNote: alfapump® and DSR® are registered trademarks.Forward-looking statementsThis press release may contain predictions  estimates or other information that might be considered forward-looking statements. Such forward-looking statements are not guarantees of future performance. These forward-looking statements represent the current judgment of Sequana Medical on what the future holds  and are subject to risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially. Sequana Medical expressly disclaims any obligation or undertaking to release any updates or revisions to any forward-looking statements in this press release  except if specifically required to do so by law or regulation. You should not place undue reliance on forward-looking statements  which reflect the opinions of Sequana Medical only as of the date of this press release.AdvertisementThe exercise price of the Kreos Warrants is equal to the lowest subscription price paid or agreed to be paid for a share in the share capital of the Company pursuant to any round of equity financing (or other financing convertible or exchangeable into equity) by the Company (taking into account any discounts including those arising on conversion or cancellation or indebtedness and/or interest thereon  but not taking into account any further anti-dilution adjustment mechanisms included in such rights or securities) prior to the exercise of the Kreos Warrants  and subject to certain exempted events that shall not be taken into account when determining the applicable exercise price per underlying new share. The number of new shares issuable upon exercise of the Kreos Warrants has been calculated on the basis of an exercise price that is equal to the lowest applicable issue price of the new shares issued on 24 January 2025 in the framework of contributions in kind of certain receivables (i.e.  EUR 0.5581 per share).2 Data reported in press release of March 25  2024; mean increase of 326% in six-hour urinary sodium excretion at 3 months follow up vs baseline  and 95% reduction of loop diuretics over same periodAttachments",neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,mixed,0.32,0.27,0.4,True,English,"['New Share Capital Amount', 'New Number', 'Press release', 'Sequana Medical', 'Shares', 'Bootstrap Europe S.C.SP', 'GEM Global Yield LLC SCS', 'Kreos Capital VII Aggregator SCSp.', 'The Manila Times newsletters', 'first subscription request notice', ""Executive Share Options' plan"", 'NEW SHARE CAPITAL AMOUNT', 'share subscription facility agreement', 'extraordinary shareholders meeting', 'frequent clinical complication', 'other staff members', ""2018 Share Options' plan"", ""2021 Share Options' plan"", ""2023 Share Options' plan"", 'SEQUANA MEDICAL ANNOUNCES', 'Sequana Medical NV', 'major medical issues', 'drug-resistant fluid overload', 'one new share', 'outstanding subscription rights', 'new subscription rights', 'total current number', 'Bootstrap Warrants', 'Kreos Warrants', '1,057,632 subscription rights', '90,780 share options', '687,784 share options', '188,370 share options', '1,000,000 share options', 'capital increase', 'authorized capital', 'voting rights', 'major participations', 'outstanding shares', 'NEW NUMBER', 'new shares', 'Euronext Brussels', 'liver disease', 'heart failure', 'issue price', 'a.o', 'press release', 'private placement', 'latest news', 'email address', 'Privacy Policy', 'Belgian Act', 'regulated market', 'miscellaneous provisions', 'Investor relations', 'increased mortality', 'repeated hospitalizations', 'severe pain', 'restricted mobility', '53,428,572 ordinary shares', '2023 Investor Warrants', '10 warrants', '875,000 warrants', 'Ghent', 'Belgium', '28 April', 'Company', 'pioneer', 'treatment', 'cancer', 'result', 'issued', 'issuance', 'benefit', 'framework', 'settlement', '17 March', 'principle', 'board', 'directors', 'information', 'reference', 'exercise', 'consultants', 'employees', 'subsidiaries', '27 May', '20 December', '27 April', '10 May', 'inbox', 'Terms', 'Service', 'announcement', 'accordance', 'Article', '2 May', 'disclosure', 'issuers', 'Advertisement', 'serious', 'patients', 'difficulty', 'breathing', 'diuretics', 'standard', 'care', 'ineffe']",2025-04-29,2025-04-28,manilatimes.net
50331,EuroNext,Bing API,https://www.msn.com/en-xl/public-safety-and-emergencies/health-and-safety-alerts/signify-and-selco-foundation-collaborate-to-solarize-10-24x7-primary-health-centres-in-karnataka-under-the-swasthya-kiran-csr-initiative/ar-AA1DM2Xo,Signify and SELCO Foundation Collaborate to Solarize 10 24x7 Primary Health Centres in Karnataka under the 'Swasthya Kiran' CSR Initiative,Signify (Euronext: LIGHT)  the world leader in lighting  has successfully solarized 10 Primary Health Centres (PHCs) in Karnataka under its flagship CSR initiative  'Swasthya Kiran'  in collaboration with SELCO Foundation.,Signify (Euronext: LIGHT)  the world leader in lighting  has successfully solarized 10 Primary Health Centres (PHCs) in Karnataka under its flagship CSR initiative  'Swasthya Kiran'  in collaboration with SELCO Foundation.,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,True,English,"['10 24x7 Primary Health Centres', ""Swasthya Kiran' CSR Initiative"", 'SELCO Foundation', 'Signify', 'Karnataka', '10 Primary Health Centres', 'flagship CSR initiative', 'world leader', 'Swasthya Kiran', 'SELCO Foundation', 'Signify', 'Euronext', 'LIGHT', 'PHCs', 'Karnataka', 'collaboration']",2025-04-28,2025-04-28,msn.com
50332,EuroNext,Bing API,https://www.finanznachrichten.de/nachrichten-2025-04/65226472-onward-medical-nv-onward-medical-announces-release-of-2024-annual-report-399.htm,ONWARD Medical NV: ONWARD Medical Announces Release of 2024 Annual Report,ONWARD Medical N.V. (Euronext: ONWD)  the medical technology company creating innovative spinal cord stimulation therapies to restore movement,"EINDHOVEN  the Netherlands  April 28  2025 (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) -- ONWARD Medical N.V. (Euronext: ONWD)  the medical technology company creating innovative spinal cord stimulation therapies to restore movement  function  and independence in people with spinal cord injury (SCI) and other movement disabilities  today announces that its Annual Report for the fiscal year ended December 31  2024 has been filed with the Dutch Authority for the Financial Markets (AFM).The Company has also released its 2024 Sustainability Report. Last year  the Company was awarded a silver medal by EcoVadis  the world's largest provider of business sustainability ratings.""2024 was transformative for ONWARD as we advanced our mission to restore movement  function  and independence for people with spinal cord injury "" said Dave Marver  Chief Executive Officer. ""We are pleased to share our progress and financial results with our stakeholders through our Annual Report.""The 2024 Annual Report  2024 Sustainability Summary  and a recording of the 2024 Full Year Results Webinar held on April 1  2025 can be viewed by visiting the Company's Investor Relations webpage.About ONWARD MedicalONWARD Medical is a medical technology company creating therapies to restore movement  function  and independence in people with SCI and other movement disabilities. Building on more than a decade of scientific discovery  preclinical research  and clinical studies conducted at leading hospitals  rehabilitation clinics  and neuroscience laboratories  the Company has developed ARC Therapy  which has been awarded ten Breakthrough Device Designations from the US Food and Drug Administration (FDA). The Company's ARC-EX System is cleared for commercial sale in the US. In addition  the Company is developing an investigational implantable system called ARC-IM with and without an implanted brain-computer interface (BCI).Headquartered in the Netherlands  the Company has a Science and Engineering Center in Switzerland and a US office in Boston  Massachusetts. The Company is listed on Euronext Paris  Brussels  and Amsterdam (ticker: ONWD) and its US ADRs can be traded on OTCQX (ticker: ONWRY).For more information  visit ONWD.comand connect with us on LinkedInand YouTube.To be kept informed about the Company's technologies  research studies  and the availability of therapies in your area  please complete this webform.For Media Inquiries:media@onwd.comFor Investor Inquiries:investors@onwd.comDisclaimerCertain statements  beliefs  and opinions in this press release are forward-looking  which reflect the Company's or  as appropriate  the Company directors' current expectations and projections about future events. By their nature  forward-looking statements involve several risks  uncertainties  and assumptions that could cause actual results or events to differ materially from those expressed or implied by the forward-looking statements. These risks  uncertainties  and assumptions could adversely affect the outcome and financial effects of the plans and events described herein. A multitude of factors including  but not limited to  delays in regulatory approvals  changes in demand  competition  and technology  can cause actual events  performance  or results to differ significantly from any anticipated development. Forward-looking statements contained in this press release regarding past trends or activities should not be taken as a representation that such trends or activities will continue in the future. As a result  the Company expressly disclaims any obligation or undertaking to release any update or revisions to any forward-looking statements in this press release as a result of any change in expectations or any change in events  conditions  assumptions  or circumstances on which these forward-looking statements are based. Neither the Company nor its advisers or representatives nor any of its subsidiary undertakings or any such person's officers or employees guarantees that the assumptions underlying such forward-looking statements are free from errors nor does either accept any responsibility for the future accuracy of the forward-looking statements contained in this press release or the actual occurrence of the forecasted developments. You should not place undue reliance on forward-looking statements  which speak only as of the date of this press release.",neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,mixed,0.27,0.18,0.54,True,English,"['ONWARD Medical NV', '2024 Annual Report', 'Release', 'innovative spinal cord stimulation therapies', 'ten Breakthrough Device Designations', '2024 Full Year Results Webinar', 'ONWARD Medical N.V.', 'spinal cord injury', 'Chief Executive Officer', 'Investor Relations webpage', 'investigational implantable system', 'business sustainability ratings', 'other movement disabilities', 'The 2024 Annual Report', 'medical technology company', 'fiscal year', '2024 Sustainability Report', 'ARC-EX System', 'Investor Inquiries', '2024 Sustainability Summary', 'financial results', 'actual results', 'GLOBE NEWSWIRE', 'Dutch Authority', 'Financial Markets', 'silver medal', 'largest provider', 'Dave Marver', 'a decade', 'scientific discovery', 'preclinical research', 'clinical studies', 'leading hospitals', 'rehabilitation clinics', 'neuroscience laboratories', 'ARC Therapy', 'Drug Administration', 'commercial sale', 'brain-computer interface', 'Engineering Center', 'research studies', 'Media Inquiries', 'press release', 'financial effects', 'regulatory approvals', 'subsidiary undertakings', 'actual occurrence', 'undue reliance', 'forward-looking statements', 'The Company', 'US Food', 'US office', 'US ADRs', 'future accuracy', 'Euronext Paris', 'current expectations', 'several risks', 'past trends', 'actual events', 'ONWD.comand', 'future events', 'EINDHOVEN', 'Netherlands', 'function', 'independence', 'people', 'AFM', 'EcoVadis', 'world', 'mission', 'progress', 'stakeholders', 'recording', 'April', 'FDA', 'addition', 'BCI', 'Switzerland', 'Boston', 'Massachusetts', 'Brussels', 'Amsterdam', 'ticker', 'OTCQX', 'ONWRY', 'information', 'LinkedInand', 'YouTube', 'technologies', 'availability', 'area', 'webform', 'Disclaimer', 'beliefs', 'opinions', 'projections', 'nature', 'uncertainties', 'assumptions', 'outcome', 'plans', 'multitude', 'factors', 'delays', 'changes', 'demand', 'competition', 'performance', 'development', 'activities', 'representation', 'obligation', 'update', 'revisions', 'conditions', 'circumstances', 'advisers', 'representatives', 'person', 'officers', 'employees', 'errors', 'responsibility']",2025-04-06,2025-04-28,finanznachrichten.de
