UID,Searchword,API,URL,Title,Summary,Article,Title_Sentiment,Title_Positive,Title_Neutral,Title_Negative,Article_Sentiment,Article_Positive,Article_Neutral,Article_Negative,Verified,Language,Topics,Date,Load_Date,Source
53163,Euroclear,NewsApi.org,https://www.politico.eu/article/belgium-ukraine-loan-russian-assets-bart-de-wever/,Belgium lays out red lines on €140B Ukraine loan,Belgian PM Bart De Wever has suggested that the Commission's scheme to leverage Russian frozen assets effectively amounts to confiscation.,The Belgian government fears it will be on the hook for any legal and financial claims filed by Russia and has been loudly calling for all EU countries to guarantee the loan  which effectively means using taxpayer money to cover any costs.“These guarantees cannot be limited to the €170 billion in cash that the Commission proposes to mobilize ” Belgian Prime Minister Bart De Wever told EU leaders during an informal summit last week in Copenhagen  according to a statement seen by POLITICO. “The potential exposure could be much higher than the nominal amount.”Crucially  he added a further condition that “the guarantees do not automatically end when sanctions are lifted. Arbitration procedures could still emerge years later.”The statement — a list of talking points delivered to European leaders on Oct. 1 — details the red lines that De Wever has drawn for fellow leaders and the EU executive  who are seeking workarounds to make the plan acceptable for Belgium.These include not supporting any measure that could be interpreted as asset confiscation; legally binding  strictly enforceable guarantees that European countries would share all current and future risks for both Euroclear and Belgium; and an agreement to immediately stump up the cash if Euroclear needs to return the assets to Russia  for example following a peace deal.“The statement by the Belgian prime minister raised lots of difficult questions and they are still being examined ” said a senior EU diplomat  granted anonymity to talk about the contents of a confidential statement. “The guarantees must be sound at the end of the day.”,neutral,0.01,0.96,0.03,negative,0.0,0.0,1.0,True,English,"['€140B Ukraine loan', 'red lines', 'Belgium', 'Belgian Prime Minister Bart De Wever', 'senior EU diplomat', 'Belgian government', 'EU countries', 'EU leaders', 'EU executive', 'financial claims', 'taxpayer money', 'informal summit', 'potential exposure', 'nominal amount', 'Arbitration procedures', 'talking points', 'European leaders', 'red lines', 'fellow leaders', 'asset confiscation', 'European countries', 'future risks', 'peace deal', 'difficult questions', 'enforceable guarantees', 'confidential statement', 'hook', 'legal', 'Russia', 'loan', 'costs', 'cash', 'Commission', 'Copenhagen', 'POLITICO', 'condition', 'sanctions', 'list', 'Oct.', 'workarounds', 'plan', 'Belgium', 'measure', 'binding', 'current', 'Euroclear', 'agreement', 'assets', 'example', 'lots', 'anonymity', 'contents', 'end', 'day']",2025-10-09,2025-10-10,politico.eu
53164,Euroclear,NewsApi.org,https://balloon-juice.com/2025/10/08/war-for-ukraine-day-1322-the-cost/,War for Ukraine Day 1 322: The Cost,(Image by NEIVANMADE) The cost: The mother of this baby  Tetyana  was killed in a russian strike on Kyiv on Sept 7 — she suffered burns to 90% of her body. Her premature baby  Nazar  miraculously survived emergency delivery and brain surgery. The father Vadym…,(Image by NEIVANMADE)The cost:The mother of this baby  Tetyana  was killed in a russian strike on Kyiv on Sept 7 — she suffered burns to 90% of her body. Her premature baby  Nazar  miraculously survived emergency delivery and brain surgery. The father Vadym meets his son for the first time on Oct 7. ❤️‍🩹 Source: United24. [image or embed] — Olena Halushka (@halushka.bsky.social) October 8  2025 at 10:31 AMHere is President Zelenskyy’s address from earlier today. Video below  English transcript after the jump.Since the Dobropillia Counteroffensive Began and to This Day  the Russians Have Already Suffered Over 12 000 Losses – Address by the President Dear Ukrainians! Today  there was a good report from Vasyl Maliuk  Head of the Security Service of Ukraine. And on our operations: I approved some plans for the Service  our asymmetric responses to Russia’s war. We also discussed the results of our SSU warriors – the Center of Special Operations “A” of the Security Service of Ukraine. They fight on the frontlines alongside other branches of our Defense Forces. Including the Pokrovsk direction and other sectors of the front. There was also a long report from Commander-in-Chief Oleksandr Syrskyi – we spent nearly an hour with him going through all frontline directions  our brigade preparations  and supplies. Right now  the focus is naturally on the Dobropillia operation  our counteroffensive. Since it began and to this day  the Russians have already suffered over 12 000 losses – and that’s just in the Pokrovsk and Dobropillia areas  specifically since August 21. Of those 12 000  more than 7 200 are irrecoverable losses. Our defense continues across all other areas as well. Kupyansk – I want to thank every warrior fighting in the city and its outskirts. The Novopavlivka direction is also challenging  with our active defense efforts continuing and some positive results achieved. Overall  based on these weeks’ performance  it’s worth highlighting the efforts of the 93rd Separate Mechanized Brigade  the 79th and 82nd Airborne Assault Brigades  and the 425th Separate Assault Regiment. Also  Tactical Group No. 84 of the Special Operations Forces of the Armed Forces of Ukraine. I also want to thank all Special Operations Forces warriors who  together with the Security Service of Ukraine and the 138th Special Purpose Center of the Military Law Enforcement Service  are clearing Kupyansk of the occupiers. The 15th Brigade of National Guard  the 114th Separate Territorial Defense Brigade  and the 144th Separate Mechanized Brigade are also operating in the Kupyansk direction… The Lyman direction is very important: the 60th Separate Mechanized Brigade. The Prydniprovskyi direction: the 40th Coastal Defense Brigade of the Naval Forces of the Armed Forces of Ukraine  the 426th Separate Unmanned Systems Battalion of the Marine Corps of the Naval Forces  and the 140th Separate Reconnaissance Battalion of the Marine Corps – thank you! Special recognition goes to the 148th Separate Artillery Brigade of the Airborne Assault Forces – well done! And the 414th Separate Unmanned Systems Brigade – thank you! Specifically  regarding Dobropillia  I want to highlight the recent successes of the warriors of the 1st Separate Assault Regiment  the battalions of the 92nd Separate Assault Brigade  and the 33rd Separate Assault Regiment. I thank every soldier  sergeant  and officer who are performing their tasks with true bravery and exceptional skill. Also today  following our Third Defense Industries Forum  we met with representatives of companies and businesses – and not just our Ukrainian businesses – who work on developing our weapons production and our joint projects with partners. We highly value every tangible outcome in our defense collaboration. Ukraine is achieving truly significant results  as demonstrated  in particular  by our long-range sanctions against Russia. According to our data  the fuel shortage in Russia is already approaching 20% – this specifically concerns their gasoline. They’ve now begun tapping into diesel reserves  which they’ve been saving for a rainy day. Putin has been offered many times to end the war or at least cease fire. He spurned all proposals – ours  America’s. So  it’s only fair that Russia bears the war’s full cost. The weapons producers are ensuring that. Our long-range strikes have become more precise. Partners are preparing new sanctions decisions  and we are working on those sanctions directions that previously received less attention. We are preparing new meetings with the United States and meetings in Europe. What‘s important – we don’t reject any real path to peace. But we believe that only pressure on Russia will work  and I thank everyone around the world who is helping us  Ukraine  in exactly this way – strongly  decisively  and with tools and decisions that impact Russia. I thank our people! Glory to Ukraine!Georgia:Despite mass arrests and threats from the illegitimate gov’t  Georgian protesters are getting ready for Day 315 of uninterrupted protests in 8+ cities. This is Tbilisi. 🇬🇪✊ “The river of people will keep on flowing!” [image or embed] — Rusudan Djakeli (@rusudandjakeli.bsky.social) October 8  2025 at 11:34 AMRustaveli Avenue is packed on Day 315 of uninterrupted  nationwide protests in Georgia. Yesterday  GD threatened the protest with provocations and threats  so even more people showed up today. #GeorgiaProtests [image or embed] — Rusudan Djakeli (@rusudandjakeli.bsky.social) October 8  2025 at 12:14 PM2/ “Europe  as such  is not a panacea  Europe was Mr. Goebbels as well  who was known for this kind of propaganda. What we heard from the European bureaucracy  those shameful lies and disgraceful statements  was truly a continuation of Goebbels-style propaganda ” Kobakhidze said. — Publika.ge (@publikage.bsky.social) October 8  2025 at 7:10 AM3/ For the 2025 local elections  the Central Election Commission registered international observers from 28 organisations. There was no OSCE/ODIHR mission in Georgia  as the Georgian Dream government sent the invitation less than a month before the elections. — Publika.ge (@publikage.bsky.social) October 8  2025 at 7:10 AM4/ According to OSCE/ODIHR  they could not deploy a mission because “an invitation sent less than one month before election day does not leave sufficient time for credible and meaningful observation.” — Publika.ge (@publikage.bsky.social) October 8  2025 at 7:10 AM5/ Additionally  27 local monitoring groups were accredited  with more than 7 000 observers  most of whom were affiliated with Georgian Dream. — Publika.ge (@publikage.bsky.social) October 8  2025 at 7:10 AMPM said: “The State Department should act responsibly and demonstrate that it is not acting under outside influence  but rather in accordance with the objective interests of the American people. The simplest proof of this would be to condemn the attempt to overthrow the government”. [image or embed] — Publika.ge (@publikage.bsky.social) October 8  2025 at 7:21 AM🚨 12 more people arrested over October 4 rally Deputy Interior Minister Alekander Darakhvelidze announced at a special briefing that so far  35 people have been detained as part of the ongoing investigation into the October 4 case. #GeorgiaProtests #RepressionInGeorgia [image or embed] — Batumelebi&Netgazeti (@netgazeti.org) October 8  2025 at 2:33 PMIn the past few days  GD has arrested at least 26 people—and counting. The self-proclaimed PM keeps threatening protesters who gather daily on Rustaveli Ave. Yesterday  they even sent provocateurs to stir conflict. Despite it all  even more people showed up today. Day 315. 🇬🇪✊ [image or embed] — Rusudan Djakeli (@rusudandjakeli.bsky.social) October 8  2025 at 11:52 AMJust in: According to the GD Deputy Interior Minister  12 more people were arrested today in connection with the October 4 protests — bringing the total number of detainees to 35. The total number of political prisoners in Georgia has now surpassed 100. [image or embed] — Rusudan Djakeli (@rusudandjakeli.bsky.social) October 8  2025 at 2:18 PM🚨 Zurab Chavchanidze  the flagbearer of the #Batumi protests  arrested and transferred to #Tbilisi.💢The 58yo IDP from #Abkhazia is known for carrying the EU&Georgian flags  together with an old tricolor flag he brought from Russian-occupied Sokhumi. 💢 batumelebi.ge/articles-in-…#GeorgiaProtests [image or embed] — Batumelebi&Netgazeti (@netgazeti.org) October 8  2025 at 11:45 AMHe’s the same prison chief who summoned Giorgi Bachiashvili to Gldani Prison  brought him into his office  and told him he had to transfer all his assets to Ivanishvili. [image or embed] — Rusudan Djakeli (@rusudandjakeli.bsky.social) October 8  2025 at 2:48 AM1/ Giorgi Kinoyan  who was detained in Armenia on September 8  has been released. The information was reported by his lawyer  Ani Chatinyan. Today  after 36 days of imprisonment  Giorgi Kinoyan was freed following the application of the principle of non-repatriation. [image or embed] — Publika.ge (@publikage.bsky.social) October 8  2025 at 3:49 PM2/ Russia accuses the Georgian citizen of fighting on the side of Ukraine. On October 25  2024  Kinoyan was sentenced to 77 years in prison by the so-called court of occupied Donetsk. He was arrested in Armenia based on a wanted notice issued by the Russian Federation. — Publika.ge (@publikage.bsky.social) October 8  2025 at 3:49 PMThe EU:russia escalates by the day. Belgian government must stop blocking EU reparation loan  part of which will go for procuring European weapons for Ukraine. Defeating russia in Ukraine is the best security guarantee for Belgium and the entire Europe. For that  long-term predictable funding is crucial. [image or embed] — Olena Halushka (@halushka.bsky.social) October 8  2025 at 8:29 AM[Belgium] has spent three years saying Euroclear is Belgian and so are the benefits ” said one senior EU diplomat involved in talks on the matter. “Now  when it wants to share the risks  it claims Euroclear is European.”🇧🇪🇪🇺🇺🇸on.ft.com/4nGTIEj [image or embed] — Iikka Korhonen (@iikkakorhonen.bsky.social) October 8  2025 at 12:25 AMFrom The Financial Times:Belgium is under growing pressure to allow the use of frozen Russian assets for a “reparations loan” to Ukraine after Berlin and other western capitals shifted their stance. About €190bn in Russian sovereign assets held at Euroclear  the Brussels-based central securities depository  were frozen in response to Russia’s full-scale invasion of Ukraine in 2022. But many western nations  including the US  Germany and Belgium  were reluctant to access the funds for fear of legal and financial repercussions. Europe’s position has changed in recent weeks  particularly after the Trump administration called on G7 allies to seize “or otherwise use” Russia’s underlying assets “to fund Ukraine’s defence”  according to a US position paper seen by the Financial Times. Chancellor Friedrich Merz wrote in a recent FT op-ed that €140bn of those funds should be used as a loan to arm Ukraine. The European Commission has since laid out how such a “reparations loan” could be structured  arguing that Moscow should bear the costs of President Vladimir Putin’s illegal war. But Belgian Prime Minister Bart De Wever has asked the other 26 EU countries to cover the legal and financial risks associated with this loan  and to guarantee the full amount to avoid Belgium having to pay it back. His stance has drawn condemnation from other capitals  particularly since Euroclear’s profits have been subject to Belgian corporate tax. “[Belgium] has spent three years saying Euroclear is Belgian and so are the benefits ” said one senior EU diplomat involved in talks on the matter. “Now  when it wants to share the risks  it claims Euroclear is European.” Patience with the Belgian officials was running thin  said three diplomats involved in the preparations for another round of EU talks on Wednesday. Other capitals argue that Ukraine’s predicament requires solidarity  and point out that Poland agreed to host the main supply hub for arms to Ukraine  and Denmark to send F-16 fighter jets to Kyiv without asking for risks to be shared by others. “There is no more low-hanging fruit ” said another EU diplomat. “Everyone has to do what they can.”More at the link.Get it together EU!Germany:The Czech Republic:If a government is formed in the Czech Republic led by the election-winning ANO party  no budget funds will be allocated for weapons for Ukraine. This was reported by Ceske Noviny  citing the party’s leader  Andrej Babiš. www.ceskenoviny.cz/zpravy/babis… [image or embed] — WarTranslated (Dmitri) (@wartranslated.bsky.social) October 8  2025 at 12:53 PMBack to Ukraine.Russia has struck the factory of Ukraine’s largest hummus producer  forcing the company to suspend deliveries to stores  according to an official statement. Don’t ask me what the logic behind it was. It’s just as stupid as everything else they do. [image or embed] — Kate from Kharkiv (@kateinkharkiv.bsky.social) October 8  2025 at 6:32 AMAs a vegetarian this is  in fact  personal — Mira of Kyiv 🇺🇦 (@reshetz.bsky.social) October 8  2025 at 12:58 PMOuch!Stinger vs. Shahed! 🔥Combat operation of the mobile fire group of the 114th Tactical Aviation Brigade of the Air Command “West.”Right on target! 🎯 Glory to our AFU soldiers! 🇺🇦 [image or embed] — Vitalis Viva (@vitalisviva.bsky.social) October 8  2025 at 7:35 AMRussia’s Defense Ministry shared footage of a Ukrainian locomotive being tracked and hit. Attacks on rail infrastructure have surged  prompting expert “Flesh” to warn that locomotives may become prime targets  as their loss halts train movement and strains equipment and personnel supply. [image or embed] — WarTranslated (Dmitri) (@wartranslated.bsky.social) October 8  2025 at 9:44 AMSumy Oblast:❗️Russian drone struck a house in the village of Krasnopillya hromada  Sumy Oblast A family was injured — a 4-year-old girl  her mother  and her grandmother were hospitalized The child has severe burns. Doctors are fighting for her life and considering transferring her to Kyiv — Iryna Voichuk (@irynavoichuk.bsky.social) October 8  2025 at 4:19 AMPokrovsk:Donetsk Oblast:Russia has attacked a DTEK facility in Donetsk region for the second time in 24 hours. The strike targeted a coal enrichment plant that supplies thermal power stations. During the attack  on-duty workers were sheltering  no injuries were reported. [image or embed] — Kate from Kharkiv (@kateinkharkiv.bsky.social) October 8  2025 at 11:22 AMThis marks the third large-scale attack on the plant in the past six weeks. — Kate from Kharkiv (@kateinkharkiv.bsky.social) October 8  2025 at 11:22 AMThe Zaporizhzhia front:Chernihiv Oblast:The State Emergency Service of Ukraine has released footage showing the aftermath of a Russian strike on an oil depot in Pryluky. [image or embed] — WarTranslated (Dmitri) (@wartranslated.bsky.social) October 8  2025 at 11:55 AMRussian occupied Mariupol:In occupied Mariupol  there’s also a fuel crisis. There seems to be gasoline  but not everywhere and not all types. At the gas stations themselves  fuel disappears before your eyes as the price rises  and there’s also a limit of 30 liters per fill-up. [image or embed] — WarTranslated (Dmitri) (@wartranslated.bsky.social) October 8  2025 at 5:27 AMVolgograd Oblast  Russia:Novosibirsk Oblast  Russia:– supporting the defense industry (soldering components for weapons  communications systems  and radio electronics) — Kate from Kharkiv (@kateinkharkiv.bsky.social) October 8  2025 at 7:07 AMIn Novosibirsk  Russia  a fire broke out at the premises of ZAO “Zavod Pripoyev ” a plant specializing in electronics and microchip production  repair and assembly of electrical devices  and work for the defense industry (soldering components for weapons  communications  and radio electronics). [image or embed] — WarTranslated (Dmitri) (@wartranslated.bsky.social) October 8  2025 at 1:56 PMThat’s enough for tonight.Your daily Patron!A new Patron video:Open thread!,neutral,0.0,0.65,0.34,mixed,0.48,0.14,0.38,True,English,"['Ukraine Day', 'The Cost', 'War', '426th Separate Unmanned Systems Battalion', '414th Separate Unmanned Systems Brigade', '114th Separate Territorial Defense Brigade', '140th Separate Reconnaissance Battalion', '425th Separate Assault Regiment', '1st Separate Assault Regiment', '33rd Separate Assault Regiment', '93rd Separate Mechanized Brigade', '144th Separate Mechanized Brigade', '60th Separate Mechanized Brigade', '148th Separate Artillery Brigade', '92nd Separate Assault Brigade', '82nd Airborne Assault Brigades', 'Third Defense Industries Forum', '40th Coastal Defense Brigade', 'Military Law Enforcement Service', '138th Special Purpose Center', 'Special Operations Forces warriors', 'Airborne Assault Forces', 'Chief Oleksandr Syrskyi', 'The Novopavlivka direction', 'The Lyman direction', 'The Prydniprovskyi direction', 'active defense efforts', 'Dobropillia Counteroffensive Began', 'new sanctions decisions', 'brigade preparations', '15th Brigade', 'Defense Forces', 'Special recognition', 'defense collaboration', 'Armed Forces', 'Naval Forces', 'SSU warriors', 'long-range sanctions', 'sanctions directions', 'Security Service', 'Pokrovsk direction', 'russian strike', 'emergency delivery', 'brain surgery', 'first time', 'English transcript', 'Dear Ukrainians', 'good report', 'Vasyl Maliuk', 'asymmetric responses', 'other branches', 'other sectors', 'long report', 'frontline directions', 'Dobropillia operation', 'Dobropillia areas', 'other areas', 'weeks’ performance', 'Tactical Group', 'National Guard', 'Marine Corps', 'recent successes', 'true bravery', 'exceptional skill', 'weapons production', 'joint projects', 'tangible outcome', 'fuel shortage', 'diesel reserves', 'weapons producers', 'long-range strikes', 'less attention', 'new meetings', 'United States', 'real path', 'mass arrests', 'illegitimate gov', 'Georgian protesters', 'uninterrupted protests', '8+ cities', 'Kupyansk direction', 'positive results', 'significant results', 'premature baby', 'Olena Halushka', 'President Zelenskyy', 'Ukrainian businesses', 'full cost', 'irrecoverable losses', 'rainy day', '12,000 Losses', 'Image', 'NEIVANMADE', 'mother', 'Tetyana', 'Kyiv', 'Sept', 'burns', 'body', 'Nazar', 'father', 'Vadym', 'son', 'Oct', 'Source', 'United24', 'bsky', 'address', 'Video', 'jump', 'Russians', 'Head', 'Ukraine', 'plans', 'frontlines', 'Commander', 'hour', 'supplies', 'focus', 'August', 'city', 'outskirts', '79th', 'occupiers', 'battalions', 'soldier', 'sergeant', 'officer', 'tasks', 'representatives', 'companies', 'partners', 'data', 'gasoline', 'Putin', 'fire', 'proposals', 'America', 'Europe', 'peace', 'pressure', 'everyone', 'world', 'way', 'tools', 'people', 'Glory', 'threats', 'Tbilisi', 'river', '10', '31', '✊']",2025-10-08,2025-10-10,balloon-juice.com
53165,Clearstream,NewsApi.org,https://www.activistpost.com/what-swifts-blockchain-means-for-stablecoins-and-global-banks/,What SWIFT’s Blockchain Means for Stablecoins and Global Banks,The company that underpins the global financial messaging system is building infrastructure for onchain settlement as it seeks a role in blockchain-based finance. What to know: SWIFT  the backbone of the global financial messaging system  is taking a step tow…,The company that underpins the global financial messaging system is building infrastructure for onchain settlement as it seeks a role in blockchain-based finance.What to know:SWIFT is developing a blockchain platform to support stablecoin and tokenized asset transfers  transitioning from a financial messaging service to a blockchain infrastructure provider.The move could help onboard banks to digital assets and lower integration costs  analysts said.Its global reach gives SWIFT an edge  but payment system fragmentation may still persist  analysts argued.SWIFT  the backbone of the global financial messaging system  is taking a step toward becoming a full-fledged blockchain infrastructure provider.This week  the network unveiled plans to build a shared ledger platform that will let banks settle transactions involving stablecoins and tokenized assets across multiple blockchains.While SWIFT has long served as the messaging layer for cross-border money movement  the new platform would put it closer to the center of value transfer.That’s a major shift for a more than 50-year-old traditional financial organization known for handling communications between more than 11 500 banks  not for moving money itself.SWIFT’s changing role“The big development is SWIFT’s changing business model to cope with blockchain disintermediation ” said Noelle Acheson  author of the Crypto Is Macro Now newsletter. “SWIFT  today  does not transfer value; it sends messages. Onchain  the message and the transfer are the same thing.Acheson argued the new platform could act as a “switching” layer for digital currencies and tokenized assets  bridging otherwise siloed systems. However  she questioned whether SWIFT is still essential in a world of programmable money.“Is SWIFT necessary in a tokenized financial system? No  it’s not—but it does have connections with virtually all global banks ” she said.Onboarding banks to stablecoinsThose connections could give SWIFT an edge as banks look for a path into the blockchain economy.“The industry is moving at a rapid pace  and stablecoins are being adopted globally at such a speed that traditional banks are having to take notice ” said Barry O’Sullivan  director of banking and payments at OpenPayd.SWIFT said over 30 financial institutions are already engaged with the project. O’Sullivan expects more to follow as demand and regulatory clarity increase. “Adoption  interoperability and regulatory alignment will take time ” he said. “However  SWIFT is clearly positioning itself to play a meaningful role in shaping the evolving stablecoin and tokenised asset ecosystem.”SWIFT’s platform could also “materially lower” technical barriers and integration costs for financial institutions that want to embed stablecoins into their operations  said David Duong  head of institutional research at Coinbase.O’Sullivan noted that the platform could bring “some standardization to the global stablecoin ecosystem ” though fragmentation will likely persist. “Existing private stablecoins  CBDCs and regional solutions may continue to operate in parallel ” he said.Years in the makingDuong described SWIFT’s initiative as a “watershed moment” for both crypto and traditional finance  but reminded that it has been years in the making. The company has been experimenting with distributed ledger technology since 2017  Duong said  including conducting pilot projects with Chainlink  tokenized securities platforms Clearstream and SETL and interoperability tests with CBDCs. Developing its own shared ledger platform appears to be the next stage in that long-running transition  Duong said.Still  not everyone may see SWIFT as a neutral player. Its role in enforcing sanctions has led to distrust in countries where banks were cut off from the network  Acheson said.“It’s not clear that its offering would stop the payment systems fragmentation  given global distrust following SWIFT’s role in enforcing U.S. and EU sanctions ” she argued.Even so  SWIFT’s decision underscores that the lines between traditional and blockchain finance are increasingly getting intertwined and the world’s largest financial institutions are – slowly  then suddenly – taking initiative to stay relevant.,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,negative,0.0,0.21,0.79,True,English,"['Global Banks', 'SWIFT', 'Blockchain', 'Stablecoins', '50-year-old traditional financial organization', 'global financial messaging system', 'full-fledged blockchain infrastructure provider', 'financial messaging service', 'tokenized financial system', 'tokenised asset ecosystem', 'payment system fragmentation', 'tokenized asset transfers', 'tokenized securities platforms', 'changing business model', 'largest financial institutions', 'lower integration costs', 'cross-border money movement', 'global stablecoin ecosystem', 'Barry O’Sullivan', 'Existing private stablecoins', 'payment systems fragmentation', '30 financial institutions', 'messaging layer', 'global reach', 'blockchain disintermediation', 'blockchain economy', 'blockchain finance', 'tokenized assets', 'global distrust', 'traditional finance', 'blockchain platform', 'global banks', 'blockchain-based finance', 'multiple blockchains', 'major shift', 'big development', 'same thing', 'switching” layer', 'digital currencies', 'programmable money', 'rapid pace', 'regulatory clarity', 'regulatory alignment', 'evolving stablecoin', 'technical barriers', 'institutional research', 'regional solutions', 'watershed moment', 'ledger technology', 'pilot projects', 'next stage', 'running transition', 'neutral player', 'U.S.', 'changing role', 'ledger platform', 'new platform', 'digital assets', 'onchain settlement', 'traditional banks', 'David Duong', 'interoperability tests', 'EU sanctions', 'meaningful role', 'Noelle Acheson', 'value transfer', 'making Duong', '11,500 banks', 'company', 'SWIFT', 'analysts', 'backbone', 'step', 'network', 'plans', 'transactions', 'center', 'communications', 'author', 'Crypto', 'newsletter', 'messages', 'siloed', 'world', 'connections', 'path', 'industry', 'speed', 'notice', 'director', 'banking', 'payments', 'OpenPayd', 'demand', 'Adoption', 'time', 'operations', 'head', 'Coinbase', 'standardization', 'CBDCs', 'parallel', 'Years', 'initiative', 'Chainlink', 'Clearstream', 'SETL', 'long', 'everyone', 'countries', 'offering', 'decision', 'lines']",2025-10-09,2025-10-10,activistpost.com
53166,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2025/10/09/3164429/0/en/Start-of-production-at-the-Clifton-Solar-plant-in-the-United-Kingdom.html,Start of production at the Clifton Solar plant in the United Kingdom,Start of production at the Clifton Solar plant in the United Kingdom    Voltalia (Euronext Paris  ISIN code: FR0011995588)  an international player in......,Start of production at the Clifton Solar plant in the United KingdomVoltalia (Euronext Paris  ISIN code: FR0011995588)  an international player in renewable energies  announces the start of production at its Clifton Solar power plant  with a capacity in operation of 45 megawatts  located in Dorset  near YeovilClifton Solar power plant is now operational. With an installed capacity of 45 megawatts  it will produce the equivalent of the annual electricity consumption of over 10 600 households and is expected to offset 11 600 tonnes of CO 2 emissions annually.This project  along with the Higher Stockbridge project currently under construction  was awarded a Contract for Difference as part of the fourth round of auctions (CfD AR4)  securing a fixed tariff for 20 years.With these new projects  Voltalia strengthens its presence in the United Kingdom  where it now operates four solar and storage plants  representing a total capacity in operation of 134 megawatts. An additional 79 megawatts are currently under construction. In addition  Voltalia has previously supported third-party clients in the development and operation of more than 23 additional projects  totaling 195 megawatts.In a context of accelerated energy transition and high energy price volatility  Voltalia actively contributes to the UK’s carbon neutrality and energy security goals by delivering green energy at a competitive cost.“We are very proud to have commissioned the Clifton Solar power plant. This project reflects our commitment to the UK market and our contribution to the national Clean Power goal of generating 95% low-carbon electricity by 2030”  said Robert Klein  CEO of Voltalia.Next on the agenda: Q3 Turnover 2025  on October 22nd  2025 (post-closing)About Voltalia (www.voltalia.com) Voltalia is an international player in renewable energies. The Group produces and sells electricity from its wind  solar  hydro  biomass and storage facilities. It has 3.3 GW of capacity in operation and under construction  and a portfolio of projects under development with a total capacity of 17.4 GW.Voltalia is also a service provider  supporting its renewable energy customers at every stage of their projects  from design to operation and maintenance.A pioneer in the business market  Voltalia offers a comprehensive range of services to businesses  from the supply of green electricity to energy efficiency services and the local production of its own electricity.With more than 2 000 employees in 20 countries on 3 continents  Voltalia has the capacity to act globally on behalf of its customers.Voltalia is listed on the Euronext regulated market in Paris (FR0011995588 - VLTSA) and is included in the Enternext Tech 40 and CAC Mid&Small indices. The company is also included in the Gaïa-Index  the responsible mid-cap index. Loan Duong  Director of Communications & Investor RelationsEmail : invest@voltalia.comT. +33 (0)1 81 70 37 00 Seitosei ActifinPress Contact: Jennifer JulliaEmail: jennifer.jullia@seitosei-actifin.comT. +33 (0)1 56 88 11 19Attachment,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,positive,0.9,0.09,0.0,True,English,"['Clifton Solar plant', 'United Kingdom', 'Start', 'production', 'national Clean Power goal', 'CAC Mid&Small indices', 'high energy price volatility', 'Clifton Solar power plant', 'Clifton Solar plant', 'accelerated energy transition', 'energy security goals', 'responsible mid-cap index', 'energy efficiency services', 'Euronext regulated market', 'annual electricity consumption', 'Higher Stockbridge project', 'renewable energy customers', 'four solar', 'green energy', 'renewable energies', 'business market', 'United Kingdom', 'Euronext Paris', 'ISIN code', 'international player', 'CO 2 emissions', 'fourth round', 'CfD AR', 'storage plants', 'third-party clients', 'carbon neutrality', 'competitive cost', 'Robert Klein', 'Q3 Turnover', 'October 22nd', 'The Group', 'storage facilities', 'service provider', 'comprehensive range', 'Enternext Tech', 'Gaïa-Index', 'Loan Duong', 'Investor Relations', 'Press Contact', 'UK market', '95% low-carbon electricity', 'green electricity', 'installed capacity', 'new projects', 'total capacity', '23 additional projects', 'Seitosei Actifin', 'local production', 'additional 79 megawatts', 'Jennifer Jullia', '45 megawatts', '134 megawatts', '195 megawatts', 'Start', 'Voltalia', 'operation', 'Dorset', 'Yeovil', 'equivalent', '10,600 households', '11,600 tonnes', 'construction', 'Contract', 'Difference', 'auctions', 'tariff', '20 years', 'presence', 'development', 'context', 'commitment', 'contribution', 'CEO', 'agenda', 'hydro', 'biomass', '3.3 GW', 'portfolio', '17.4 GW', 'stage', 'design', 'maintenance', 'pioneer', 'businesses', 'supply', '2,000 employees', '20 countries', '3 continents', 'behalf', 'VLTSA', 'company', 'Director', 'Communications', 'Email', 'T.', 'Attachment']",2025-10-09,2025-10-10,globenewswire.com
53167,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://financialpost.com/pmn/business-wire-news-releases-pmn/vantiva-accelerates-net-zero-commitment-to-2040-with-sbti-approved-targets,Vantiva Accelerates Net-Zero Commitment to 2040 with SBTi-Approved Targets,PARIS — Vantiva (Euronext Paris: VANTI)  a global technology leader in connectivity  today announced that the Science Based Targets initiative (SBTi) has approved the company’s near- and long-term science-based targets  confirming that Vantiva’s targets align…,PARIS — Vantiva (Euronext Paris: VANTI)  a global technology leader in connectivity  today announced that the Science Based Targets initiative (SBTi) has approved the company’s near- and long-term science-based targets  confirming that Vantiva’s targets align…,neutral,0.0,0.99,0.0,neutral,0.03,0.97,0.0,True,English,"['Net-Zero Commitment', 'SBTi-Approved Targets', 'Vantiva', 'Science Based Targets initiative', 'global technology leader', 'long-term science-based targets', 'Euronext Paris', 'Vantiva', 'connectivity', 'SBTi', 'company']",2025-10-09,2025-10-10,financialpost.com
53168,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2025/10/09/3164113/0/en/Stellantis-to-Announce-Third-Quarter-2025-Shipments-and-Revenues-on-October-30.html,Stellantis to Announce Third Quarter 2025 Shipments and Revenues on October 30,Stellantis to Announce Third Quarter 2025 Shipments and Revenues on October 30  AMSTERDAM  October 9  2025 - Stellantis N.V. announced today that its...,Stellantis to Announce Third Quarter 2025 Shipments and Revenues on October 30AMSTERDAM  October 9  2025 - Stellantis N.V. announced today that its Third Quarter 2025 Shipments and Revenues will be released on Thursday  October 30  2025.A live webcast and conference call for the Third Quarter Shipments and Revenues will begin at 1:00 p.m. CET / 8:00 a.m. EDT on Thursday  October 30  2025.The related press release and presentation materials are expected to be posted under the Investors section of the Stellantis corporate website at approximately 8 a.m. CET / 3 a.m. EDT on Thursday  October 30  2025.Details for accessing this presentation are available under the Investors section of the Stellantis corporate website. For those unable to participate in the live session  a recorded replay will be accessible following the event.# # #About StellantisStellantis N.V. (NYSE: STLA / Euronext Milan: STLAM / Euronext Paris: STLAP) is a leading global automaker  dedicated to giving its customers the freedom to choose the way they move  embracing the latest technologies and creating value for all its stakeholders. Its unique portfolio of iconic and innovative brands includes Abarth  Alfa Romeo  Chrysler  Citroën  Dodge  DS Automobiles  FIAT  Jeep®  Lancia  Maserati  Opel  Peugeot  Ram  Vauxhall  Free2move and Leasys. For more information  visit www.stellantis.com.@Stellantis Stellantis Stellantis StellantisFor more information  contact:Fernão SILVEIRA +31 6 43 25 43 41 – fernao.silveira@stellantis.comNathalie ROUSSEL +33 6 87 77 41 82 – nathalie.roussel@stellantis.comcommunications@stellantis.comwww.stellantis.comAttachment,neutral,0.0,0.99,0.0,neutral,0.02,0.97,0.01,True,English,"['Third Quarter 2025 Shipments', 'Stellantis', 'Revenues', 'October', 'Third Quarter 2025 Shipments', 'Third Quarter Shipments', 'related press release', 'leading global automaker', 'Fernão SILVEIRA', 'Stellantis corporate website', 'Stellantis N.V.', 'Citroën', 'live webcast', 'conference call', 'Investors section', 'live session', 'Euronext Milan', 'Euronext Paris', 'latest technologies', 'unique portfolio', 'innovative brands', 'Alfa Romeo', 'DS Automobiles', 'Stellantis Stellantis', 'presentation materials', 'Nathalie ROUSSEL', 'Revenues', 'October', 'AMSTERDAM', 'Thursday', '8 a', 'CET', '3 a', 'Details', 'replay', 'event', 'NYSE', 'STLA', 'customers', 'freedom', 'way', 'value', 'stakeholders', 'iconic', 'Abarth', 'Chrysler', 'Dodge', 'FIAT', 'Jeep®', 'Lancia', 'Maserati', 'Opel', 'Peugeot', 'Ram', 'Vauxhall', 'Free2move', 'Leasys', 'information', 'fernao', 'Attachment', '1:00', '8:00']",2025-10-09,2025-10-10,globenewswire.com
53169,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2025/10/09/3163882/0/en/Share-Buyback-Transaction-Details-October-2-October-8-2025.html,Share Buyback Transaction Details October 2 – October 8  2025,PRESS RELEASE                                          Share Buyback Transaction Details October 2 – October 8  2025  Alphen aan den Rijn – October 9 ...,PRESS RELEASEShare Buyback Transaction Details October 2 – October 8  2025Alphen aan den Rijn – October 9  2025 - Wolters Kluwer (Euronext: WKL)  a global leader in professional information solutions  software and services  today reports that it has repurchased 405 600 of its own ordinary shares in the period from October 2  2025  up to and including October 8  2025  for €45.5 million and at an average share price of €112.30.These repurchases are part of the share buyback program announced on February 26  2025  under which we intend to repurchase shares for €1 billion during 2025.The cumulative amounts repurchased in the year to date under this program are as follows:Share Buyback 2025Period Cumulative shares repurchased in period Total consideration(€ million) Average share price(€) 2025 to date 6 137 291 854.8 139.28For the period starting July 31  2025  up to and including November 3  2025  we have engaged a third party to execute €363 million of buybacks on our behalf  within the limits of relevant laws and regulations (in particular Regulation (EU) 596/2014) and the company’s Articles of Association.Shares repurchased are added to and held as treasury shares and will be used for capital reduction purposes through share cancelation.Further information is available on our website:For more information about Wolters Kluwer  please visit: www.wolterskluwer.com.###About Wolters KluwerWolters Kluwer (EURONEXT: WKL) is a global leader in information solutions  software and services for professionals in healthcare; tax and accounting; financial and corporate compliance; legal and regulatory; corporate performance and ESG. We help our customers make critical decisions every day by providing expert solutions that combine deep domain knowledge with technology and services.Wolters Kluwer reported 2024 annual revenues of €5.9 billion. The group serves customers in over 180 countries  maintains operations in over 40 countries  and employs approximately 21 900 people worldwide. The company is headquartered in Alphen aan den Rijn  the Netherlands.Wolters Kluwer shares are listed on Euronext Amsterdam (WKL) and are included in the AEX  Euro Stoxx 50 and Euronext 100 indices. Wolters Kluwer has a sponsored Level 1 American Depositary Receipt (ADR) program. The ADRs are traded on the over-the-counter market in the U.S. (WTKWY).For more information  visit www.wolterskluwer.com  follow us on LinkedIn  Facebook  YouTube and Instagram.Media Investors/Analysts Stefan Kloet Meg Geldens Associate Director Vice President Global Communications Investor Relations press@wolterskluwer.com ir@wolterskluwer.comForward-looking Statements and Other Important Legal InformationThis report contains forward-looking statements. These statements may be identified by words such as “expect”  “should”  “could”  “shall” and similar expressions. Wolters Kluwer cautions that such forward-looking statements are qualified by certain risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results and events to differ materially from what is contemplated by the forward-looking statements. Factors which could cause actual results to differ from these forward-looking statements may include  without limitation  general economic conditions; conditions in the markets in which Wolters Kluwer is engaged; conditions created by pandemics; behavior of customers  suppliers  and competitors; technological developments; the implementation and execution of new ICT systems or outsourcing; and legal  tax  and regulatory rules affecting Wolters Kluwer’s businesses  as well as risks related to mergers  acquisitions  and divestments. In addition  financial risks such as currency movements  interest rate fluctuations  liquidity  and credit risks could influence future results. The foregoing list of factors should not be construed as exhaustive. Wolters Kluwer disclaims any intention or obligation to publicly update or revise any forward-looking statements  whether as a result of new information  future events or otherwise.Elements of this press release contain or may contain inside information about Wolters Kluwer within the meaning of Article 7(1) of the Market Abuse Regulation (596/2014/EU). Trademarks referenced are owned by Wolters Kluwer N.V. and its subsidiaries and may be registered in various countries.Attachment,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,negative,0.0,0.17,0.82,True,English,"['Share Buyback Transaction Details', 'October', 'Analysts Stefan Kloet Meg Geldens Associate Director', 'Alphen aan den Rijn', 'Level 1 American Depositary Receipt', 'Global Communications Investor Relations', 'Share Buyback Transaction Details', 'Other Important Legal Information', 'Wolters Kluwer N.V.', 'capital reduction purposes', 'deep domain knowledge', 'interest rate fluctuations', 'average share price', 'new ICT systems', 'share buyback program', 'general economic conditions', 'Market Abuse Regulation', 'professional information solutions', 'Wolters Kluwer shares', 'Period Cumulative shares', 'share cancelation', 'global leader', 'new information', 'cumulative amounts', 'counter market', 'expert solutions', 'Further information', 'inside information', 'PRESS RELEASE', 'ordinary shares', 'Total consideration', 'third party', 'relevant laws', 'treasury shares', 'corporate compliance', 'corporate performance', 'critical decisions', '2024 annual revenues', 'Euro Stoxx 50', 'ADR) program', 'U.S.', 'Media Investors', 'Vice President', 'similar expressions', 'actual results', 'technological developments', 'currency movements', 'future results', 'foregoing list', 'Forward-looking Statements', 'Euronext Amsterdam', 'Euronext 100 indices', 'regulatory rules', 'credit risks', 'future events', 'various countries', 'financial risks', '180 countries', '40 countries', 'October', 'WKL', 'software', 'services', 'repurchases', 'February', 'year', 'date', 'July', 'November', 'buybacks', 'behalf', 'limits', 'regulations', 'company', 'Articles', 'Association', 'website', 'wolterskluwer', 'professionals', 'healthcare', 'tax', 'accounting', 'ESG', 'customers', 'technology', 'group', 'operations', '21,900 people', 'Netherlands', 'AEX', 'ADRs', 'WTKWY', 'LinkedIn', 'Facebook', 'YouTube', 'Instagram', 'report', 'words', 'uncertainties', 'Factors', 'limitation', 'markets', 'pandemics', 'behavior', 'suppliers', 'competitors', 'implementation', 'execution', 'outsourcing', 'businesses', 'mergers', 'acquisitions', 'divestments', 'addition', 'liquidity', 'intention', 'obligation', 'Elements', 'meaning', 'Trademarks', 'subsidiaries', 'Attachment']",2025-10-09,2025-10-10,globenewswire.com
53170,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2025/10/09/3163860/0/en/THEON-signs-a-new-300-million-Senior-Facility-Agreement.html,THEON signs a new €300 million Senior Facility Agreement,PRESS RELEASE  Bloomberg (THEON:NA) / Reuters (THEON.AS)    9 October 2025 – Theon International Plc (THEON) has signed a new €300 million senior...,"PRESS RELEASEBloomberg (THEON:NA) / Reuters (THEON.AS)9 October 2025 – Theon International Plc (THEON) has signed a new €300 million senior facility agreement with a syndicate of 9 leading international and Greek banks.The revolving credit facility has a tenor of 5 years and can be upsized  if required  to €400 million. The proceeds will be used for the refinancing of existing short-term debt  supporting general corporate purposes and possibly financing larger acquisitions.BNP Paribas acted as bookrunner and coordinator  with Commerzbank acting as facility agent. Norton Rose Fulbright acted as lead advisor for THEON  while Ashurst acted as legal advisor to the bank syndicate.Dimitris Parthenis  Group CFO of THEON  stated: ""We are proud to have secured this facility with robust backing from leading financial institutions  reflecting their confidence in Theon’s future plans. This agreement  established on favourable terms  supports our continuous organic and inorganic growth ambitions by enhancing our financial flexibility and increasing our ability to react fast if any opportunities arise in the future.”THEON will present its Q3 trading update on November 3rd and will hold a Capital Markets Day on November 6th in Athens to elaborate on the THEON NEXT Vision & Strategy.For inquiries  please contact:Investor RelationsNikos MalesiotisE-Mail: ir@theon.comTel: +30 210 6772290 Media ContactElli MichouE-Mail: press@theon.comTel: +30 210 6728610About THEON GROUPTHEON GROUP of companies develops and manufactures cutting-edge night vision and thermal Imaging systems for Defense and Security applications with a global footprint. THEON GROUP started its operations in 1997 from Greece and today occupies a leading role in the sector thanks to its international presence through subsidiaries and production facilities in Greece  Cyprus  Germany  the Baltics  the United States  the Gulf States  Switzerland  Denmark  Belgium  Singapore and South Korea. THEON GROUP has more than 220 000 systems in service with Armed and Special Forces in 71 countries around the world  26 of which are NATO countries. ΤΗΕΟΝ ΙΝΤΕRNATIONAL PLC has been listed on Euronext Amsterdam (AMS: THEON) since February 2024.www.theon.comAttachment",neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,positive,0.72,0.28,0.0,True,English,"['new €300 million Senior Facility Agreement', 'THEON', 'new €300 million senior facility agreement', 'existing short-term debt', 'general corporate purposes', 'Norton Rose Fulbright', 'inorganic growth ambitions', 'Q3 trading update', 'Capital Markets Day', 'cutting-edge night vision', 'revolving credit facility', 'thermal Imaging systems', 'leading financial institutions', 'THEON NEXT Vision', 'Theon International Plc', 'facility agent', '9 leading international', 'financial flexibility', 'ΙΝΤΕRNATIONAL PLC', 'leading role', 'international presence', 'PRESS RELEASE', 'Greek banks', 'larger acquisitions', 'BNP Paribas', 'lead advisor', 'legal advisor', 'Dimitris Parthenis', 'Group CFO', 'robust backing', 'favourable terms', 'continuous organic', 'November 3rd', 'November 6th', 'Investor Relations', 'Nikos Malesiotis', 'Media Contact', 'Elli Michou', 'Security applications', 'global footprint', 'production facilities', 'United States', 'Gulf States', 'South Korea', 'Special Forces', 'Euronext Amsterdam', 'THEON.AS', 'THEON GROUP', 'bank syndicate', 'future plans', 'NATO countries', '220,000 systems', '71 countries', 'Bloomberg', 'Reuters', '9 October', 'tenor', '5 years', 'proceeds', 'refinancing', 'bookrunner', 'coordinator', 'Commerzbank', 'Ashurst', 'confidence', 'ability', 'opportunities', 'Athens', 'Strategy', 'inquiries', 'Tel', 'companies', 'Defense', 'operations', 'Greece', 'sector', 'subsidiaries', 'Cyprus', 'Germany', 'Baltics', 'Switzerland', 'Denmark', 'Belgium', 'Singapore', 'service', 'Armed', 'world', 'February', 'Attachment', 'ΤΗΕΟΝ']",2025-10-09,2025-10-10,globenewswire.com
53171,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2025/10/09/3163852/0/en/ASML-appoints-next-Chief-Technology-Officer.html,ASML appoints next Chief Technology Officer,ASML appoints next Chief Technology Officer   Marco Pieters appointed ASML Chief Technology Officer ASML Supervisory Board intends to reappoint CFO...,ASML appoints next Chief Technology OfficerMarco Pieters appointed ASML Chief Technology OfficerASML Supervisory Board intends to reappoint CFO Roger Dassen and COO Frédéric Schneider-Maunoury  and to appoint CTO Marco Pieters to the Board of Management as of the April 2026 AGMVELDHOVEN  The Netherlands  October 9  2025 – ASML Holding NV (ASML) today announced the appointment of Marco Pieters as Executive Vice President and Chief Technology Officer  reporting to President and Chief Executive Officer  Christophe Fouquet. With over 25 years of experience at ASML  most recently as Executive Vice President for the product area Applications  Pieters has a strong track record in technology leadership.“Technology lies at the heart of ASML and our engineering talent around the world holds the key to our future success ” said Fouquet. “As part of our robust succession planning process  I am proud to name Marco  a long-standing ASML leader  as CTO. After working alongside him for many years  Marco has my full support in driving forward our technology roadmap in service of our customers. I look forward to our continued collaboration.”In addition  ASML’s Supervisory Board announced that it intends to appoint Pieters to the Board of Management as of the company’s next Annual General Meeting (AGM) to be held on April 22  2026. The Supervisory Board also intends to reappoint Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer Roger Dassen for a four-year term  and to reappoint Executive Vice President and Chief Operations Officer Frédéric Schneider-Maunoury for a term of two years as of the 2026 AGM.“As ASML continues to successfully pursue its strategy to innovate and serve customers around the world  the Supervisory Board is grateful to secure the continued leadership of Roger and Frédéric as part of the ASML Board of Management ” said Supervisory Board Chairman Nils Andersen. “The experience of both leaders at ASML and other companies will be essential in supporting ASML’s long-term goals and managing the interests of employees  shareholders and other stakeholders in the coming years.”Marco Pieters will assume the CTO role with immediate effect. With his appointment to the ASML Board of Management in April 2026  the Board will expand from five to six members.Media Relations contacts Investor Relations contacts Monique Mols +31 6 5284 4418 Jim Kavanagh +31 40 268 3938 Sarah de Crescenzo +1 925 899 8985 Pete Convertito +1 203 919 1714 Karen Lo +886 9 397 88635 Peter Cheang +886 3 659 6771About ASMLASML is a leading supplier to the semiconductor industry. The company provides chipmakers with hardware  software and services to mass produce the patterns of integrated circuits (microchips). Together with its partners  ASML drives the advancement of more affordable  more powerful  more energy-efficient microchips. ASML enables groundbreaking technology to solve some of humanity's toughest challenges  such as in healthcare  energy use and conservation  mobility and agriculture. ASML is a multinational company headquartered in Veldhoven  the Netherlands  with offices across EMEA  the US and Asia. Every day  ASML’s more than 44 000 employees (FTE) challenge the status quo and push technology to new limits. ASML is traded on Euronext Amsterdam and NASDAQ under the symbol ASML. Discover ASML – our products  technology and career opportunities – at www.asml.com.Attachment,neutral,0.01,0.98,0.0,positive,0.8,0.2,0.0,True,English,"['next Chief Technology Officer', 'ASML', 'COO Frédéric Schneider-Maunoury', 'Supervisory Board Chairman Nils Andersen', 'Chief Financial Officer Roger Dassen', 'robust succession planning process', 'next Annual General Meeting', 'five to six members', 'powerful, more energy-efficient microchips', 'next Chief Technology Officer', 'ASML Chief Technology Officer', 'Chief Executive Officer', 'Chief Operations Officer', 'CFO Roger Dassen', 'product area Applications', 'strong track record', 'Media Relations contacts', 'Investor Relations contacts', 'Sarah de Crescenzo', 'Executive Vice President', 'The Supervisory Board', 'ASML Holding NV', 'standing ASML leader', 'ASML Supervisory Board', 'CTO Marco Pieters', 'technology leadership', 'technology roadmap', 'groundbreaking technology', 'The Netherlands', 'engineering talent', 'future success', 'full support', 'continued collaboration', 'continued leadership', 'other companies', 'long-term goals', 'other stakeholders', 'CTO role', 'immediate effect', 'Monique Mols', 'Jim Kavanagh', 'Pete Convertito', 'Karen Lo', 'Peter Cheang', 'leading supplier', 'semiconductor industry', 'integrated circuits', 'toughest challenges', 'energy use', 'status quo', 'new limits', 'Euronext Amsterdam', 'career opportunities', 'many years', 'two years', 'coming years', 'ASML Board', 'Christophe Fouquet', 'four-year term', 'multinational company', 'April 2026 AGM', 'CTO.', '25 years', 'Management', 'VELDHOVEN', 'appointment', 'experience', 'heart', 'world', 'key', 'part', 'service', 'customers', 'addition', 'strategy', 'interests', 'employees', 'shareholders', 'chipmakers', 'hardware', 'software', 'patterns', 'advancement', 'humanity', 'healthcare', 'conservation', 'mobility', 'agriculture', 'offices', 'EMEA', 'Asia', 'FTE', 'NASDAQ', 'symbol', 'products', 'Attachment']",2025-10-09,2025-10-10,globenewswire.com
53172,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.prnewswire.co.uk/news-releases/heineken-is-calling-people-back-to-the-office-but-not-in-the-way-you-might-think-302579828.html,HEINEKENⓇ IS CALLING PEOPLE BACK TO THE OFFICE… BUT NOT IN THE WAY YOU MIGHT THINK,As debate rages on about going back to physical desks five days a week  HeinekenⓇ has cheekily renamed pubs across the UK to 'The Office' to celebrate one of the best parts of the working day - after-work socialising It comes as almost half of hybrid workers …,"As debate rages on about going back to physical desks five days a week  Heineken Ⓡ has cheekily renamed pubs across the UK to 'The Office' to celebrate one of the best parts of the working day - after-work socialisinghas cheekily renamed pubs across the UK to 'The Office' to celebrate one of the best parts of the working day - after-work socialising It comes as almost half of hybrid workers (46%) say they're missing out on catch-ups with colleagues outside the officeNew report shows after-work socialising will contribute £28.9bn to the UK economy this year  and every £10 spent in places like the pub brings an additional £13.40 to the nation's coffersThis October  HeinekenⓇ is making the return to the office that little bit more palatable by offering the UK's 22m after work pub-goers a chance to get a free pint which can be redeemed with colleagues Monday - Friday from 4.59pmLONDON  Oct. 9  2025 /PRNewswire/ -- A third of UK workers have seen changes in their working patterns to spend more time at their offices in the past six months  and Heineken® has set out its stall: it wants more Brits in the office.Only with a bit of a twist: the beer brand is renaming pubs across the UK to 'The Office' to spotlight the silver lining of being back at your desk - the bit that comes right after.Heineken  The Office  Two Bridges Bermondsey ©Nic Serpell-RandWhether it's the commute  the unspoken rule of needing to make everyone a cup of coffee  or simply the need to put something smart on  we've all had our fair share of gripes with heading back to the office. But one thing's been overlooked in the years-long debate - and that's the value of catching up with colleagues to socialise after work.Heineken® has long championed making connections with people face to face  and now  with 46% of hybrid workers saying they miss out on post-work patter  the beer brand is offering a free pint of Heineken® Original or Heineken® 0.0 for workers and their colleagues at more than 1 000 pubs.Some 22 million people across the UK enjoy after work socialising with their colleagues  but that figure has seen a slight reduction from pre-pandemic figures (down 5%). Since then  new working practices mean some 58% of Gen Z hybrid workers have never met some of those they work with - and that's despite 72% of them agreeing the best place to build a relationship with your co-workers is outside of work.The after-work social has long been a sacred British tradition  fostering connections and fuelling productivity. Some 78% of workers polled said after work socialising is a good way to meet new people and contacts. A further 32% said they have their most honest conversations at the pub  while 74% of Gen Z claimed they have their best work ideas not at work  but at the pub social straight afterwards.It should be no surprise  then  that a new report by the Centre for Economics and Business Research showed that every £10 spent on after-work socialising brings an additional £13.40 to the wider economy.In fact  after-work socialising is set to sustain an aggregate economic footprint of £28.9bn in the UK 2025 alone  and the sector supports a massive 300 000 full-time equivalent jobs.What's more  some 45% of workers say knowing their manager on a more personal level can strengthen their career prospects. There's good news for businesses too: 59% said they'd be less likely to quit a job if they had a strong relationship with their colleagues.Nabil Nasser  Global Head of Heineken®  said: ""The return-to-office chat continues to stir up debate. After years of video calls and virtual cheers it's safe to say that while we might not miss the office  we've certainly missed those real  in-person laughs with our colleagues. At Heineken  we've always believed the best moments happen when people get together  so this month we're raising our pints to 'circling back' to our colleagues - at the pub.""Today  Heineken has renamed the following pubs to 'The Office':Two Bridges  Bermondsey  LondonDevonshire Arms  Duke Street LondonThe Atlas Bar  Deansgate  ManchesterThe Cross Keys  Earle St  LiverpoolAdmiral Woods  Waterloo St  GlasgowWhile a handful of pubs have cheekily changed their signs  more than 1 000 pubs in England are taking part in the offer of a free pint of Heineken or Heineken 0.0 to share with colleagues. Simply sign up here to receive a voucher  which can be shared with up to three friends (one pint per person)  Monday to Friday throughout October from 4:59pm. In Scotland and Wales  scan the QR code in-pub or head online after 4:59pm for the chance to win limited-edition Heineken merch.Notes to editorsAdditional statistics:Londoners are the most enthusiastic after-work socialisers: some 87.6% head out with their colleagues at least once a yearWorkers in science  technology and research are the most likely to socialise with colleagues - and it is no coincidence these workers are also most likely to be back in the office five days a weekResearch Credits:*Heineken commissioned a survey of 1 008 UK office workers. Research conducted by OnePoll  August 2025.30% of UK workers have seen their working patterns change in the past six months*Separately  Heineken commissioned a report titled 'The economic value of after-work occasions' by the Centre for Economics and Business Research  produced in collaboration with the British Bar and Pub Association  the UK's leading trade association representing pubs and breweries.About Heineken®HEINEKEN® is the world's most international brewer. It is the leading developer and marketer of premium beer and cider brands. Led by the Heineken® brand  the Group has a portfolio of more than 300 international  regional  local and specialty beers and ciders. We are committed to innovation  long-term brand investment  disciplined sales execution and focused cost management. Through ""Brewing a Better World""  sustainability is embedded in the business. HEINEKEN® has a well-balanced geographic footprint with leadership positions in both developed and developing markets. We employ over 85 000 employees and operate breweries  malteries  cider plants and other production facilities in more than 70 countries. Heineken® N.V. and Heineken® Holding N.V. shares trade on the Euronext in Amsterdam. Prices for the ordinary shares may be accessed on Bloomberg under the symbols HEIA NA and HEIO NA and on Reuters under HEIN.AS and HEIO.AS. HEINEKEN® has two sponsored level 1 American Depositary Receipt (ADR) programmes: Heineken® N.V. (OTCQX: HEINY) and Heineken® Holding N.V. (OTCQX: HKHHY).Photo - https://mma.prnewswire.com/media/2792531/Heineken_The_Office.jpg",neutral,0.01,0.87,0.13,mixed,0.42,0.25,0.33,True,English,"['HEINEKENⓇ', 'PEOPLE', 'THE', 'OFFICE', 'WAY', 'massive 300,000 full-time equivalent jobs', 'Gen Z hybrid workers', 'past six months', 'sacred British tradition', 'aggregate economic footprint', 'The Atlas Bar', 'The Cross Keys', 'Duke Street London', 'new working practices', 'limited-edition Heineken merch', 'Two Bridges Bermondsey', 'best work ideas', '1,008 UK office workers', 'working day', 'New report', 'working patterns', 'best parts', 'best place', 'best moments', 'physical desks', 'beer brand', 'silver lining', 'Nic Serpell-Rand', 'unspoken rule', 'fair share', 'one thing', 'post-work patter', 'slight reduction', 'pre-pandemic figures', 'good way', 'honest conversations', 'wider economy', 'personal level', 'career prospects', 'good news', 'Nabil Nasser', 'Global Head', 'video calls', 'virtual cheers', 'Devonshire Arms', 'Earle St', 'Admiral Woods', 'Waterloo St', 'three friends', 'QR code', 'Additional statistics', 'The Office', 'free pint', 'new people', 'office chat', '22 million people', 'Business Research', 'strong relationship', 'person laughs', 'Research Credits', 'UK economy', 'years-long debate', 'work pub-goers', 'following pubs', 'UK workers', 'Heineken Ⓡ', 'HeinekenⓇ', 'Heineken®', '1,000 pubs', 'half', 'catch-ups', 'colleagues', 'socialising', 'places', 'nation', 'coffers', 'return', 'chance', 'Friday', 'PRNewswire', 'third', 'changes', 'offices', 'stall', 'Brits', 'bit', 'twist', 'commute', 'everyone', 'cup', 'coffee', 'need', 'something', 'gripes', 'value', 'connections', 'productivity', 'contacts', 'surprise', 'Centre', 'Economics', 'fact', 'sector', 'manager', 'businesses', 'pints', 'Deansgate', 'Manchester', 'Liverpool', 'Glasgow', 'handful', 'signs', 'England', 'voucher', 'October', '4:59pm', 'Scotland', 'Wales', 'Notes', 'editors', 'Londoners', 'socialisers', 'science', 'technology', 'coincidence', 'survey', '4.']",2025-10-09,2025-10-10,prnewswire.co.uk
53173,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.irishtimes.com/business/2025/10/09/global-markets-muted-as-investors-eye-political-instability-in-france/,Global markets muted as investors eye political instability in France,Food names were among the standout performers in Dublin as Kerry Group and Glanbia bucked the trend,Traders at work on the floor of the New York Stock Exchange. Stocks in New York were lower at the time of the Dublin close. The Dow Jones Industrial Average  the S&P 500 index and the Nasdaq Composite all traded down 0.3 per cent.Global stock markets were muted on Thursday as investors eyed political instability in France amid hopes of peace in the Middle East.DublinEuronext Dublin finished the day down 0.9 per cent  as it gave up some of the ground it has made in recent sessions.The food names were the standout performers on the day  as Kerry Group and Glanbia climbed 0.9 per cent and 1.1 per cent respectively.Among the financial names  Bank of Ireland gave up 1.7 per cent after it confirmed it will likely need to add to the £143 million (€167 million) previously set aside to deal with the fallout from the UK motor finance commissions scandal. AIB  meanwhile  was down 1.1 per cent.Elsewhere  budget airline Ryanair was down 1.1 per cent at close of business  while Cavan-based insulation specialist Kingspan sank 1.7 per cent.Among the housebuilders  Glenveagh Properties and Cairn Homes finished down 1 per cent and up 1 per cent respectively.LondonThe FTSE 100 retreated from the previous session’s record high  as a decline in the shares of HSBC weighed on the banking sector. The blue-chip index fell 0.4 per cent  while the mid-cap-focused FTSE 250 was up 0.05 per cent.HSBC dropped 5.4 per cent  logging its steepest one-day drop in more than six months. The bank said it plans to buy out minority interests in Hong Kong’s Hang Seng Bank  where it holds a majority stake. The broader banking sector weighed heavily with a 3.7 per cent decline.Lloyds Banking Group and Merchant bank Close Brothers dropped 3.3 per cent and 12.8 per cent  respectively  after both the lenders warned they may need to set aside more cash to cover the costs related to a motor finance scandal.Aston Martin slumped 12.6 per cent and was among the top losers in the FTSE 250  after European peer Ferrari’s 15.4 per cent fall on disappointment over the luxury carmaker’s new long-term financial targets.The wider home builder’s index shed 1.9 per cent  with Taylor Wimpey and Barratt Redrow dropping 4.6 per cent and 3.6 per cent  respectively.Secure Trust Bank shares dropped 20.2 per cent after the bank said it expects annual underlying profit before tax to fall below market expectations.EuropeFrench bonds held on to gains from the day before on optimism the country can avoid a snap election and agree a budget  after talks between caretaker prime minister Sebastien Lecornu and other political leaders.France’s 10-year bond yield was 0.2 per cent higher on the day at 3.529 per cent  after falling 5.5 basis points the day before on optimism that a deal to avoid new elections could be reached. It rose 6 basis points on Monday after Mr Lecornu’s resignation.Germany’s 10-year bond yield  the benchmark for the euro area  was up 3 basis points to 2.705 per cent  pushing the spread between France and Germany’s 10-year yields to 82.2 basis points  down from nearly 88 basis points on Monday.Meanwhile  the Stoxx Europe 600 fell 0.3 per cent  while the Cac 40 in Paris closed down 0.2 per cent and the Dax 40 in Frankfurt ended up 0.1 per cent. Shares in Italian car maker Ferrari plunged 14 per cent after its aims for 2030 fell short of loftier forecasts.New YorkStocks in New York were lower at the time of the Dublin close. The Dow Jones Industrial Average  the S&P 500 index and the Nasdaq Composite all traded down 0.3 per cent.However  Israel and Hamas signing off on the first phase of a proposed Gaza peace deal could help remove a long-term overhang on risk assets.Delta Air Lines shares jumped 8.2 per cent. The airline provided an upbeat forecast for the current quarter  after posting stronger-than-expected third-quarter earnings.Other US carriers also gained. United Airlines rose 5.5 per cent  while American Airlines and JetBlue Airways advanced 4.9 per cent and 3.4 per cent  respectively. – Additional reporting: Agencies,neutral,0.01,0.58,0.41,negative,0.0,0.14,0.86,True,English,"['Global markets', 'political instability', 'investors', 'France', 'The Dow Jones Industrial Average', 'caretaker prime minister Sebastien Lecornu', 'UK motor finance commissions scandal', 'Cavan-based insulation specialist Kingspan', 'Delta Air Lines shares', 'New York Stock Exchange', 'new long-term financial targets', 'Secure Trust Bank shares', 'Merchant bank Close Brothers', 'motor finance scandal', 'Global stock markets', 'steepest one-day drop', 'wider home builder', 'annual underlying profit', 'Italian car maker', 'Other US carriers', '10-year bond yield', 'other political leaders', 'Hang Seng Bank', 'S&P 500 index', 'broader banking sector', 'Lloyds Banking Group', 'European peer Ferrari', 'New York Stocks', 'budget airline Ryanair', 'Gaza peace deal', '3.7 per cent decline', 'The FTSE 100', 'Mr Lecornu', 'financial names', 'long-term overhang', 'new elections', '10-year yields', 'political instability', 'Kerry Group', 'blue-chip index', 'Dublin close', 'Nasdaq Composite', 'Middle East', 'recent sessions', 'food names', 'standout performers', 'Glenveagh Properties', 'Cairn Homes', 'previous session', 'six months', 'minority interests', 'Hong Kong', 'majority stake', 'Aston Martin', 'top losers', 'luxury carmaker', 'Taylor Wimpey', 'Barratt Redrow', 'market expectations', 'French bonds', 'snap election', 'euro area', '82.2 basis points', '88 basis points', 'loftier forecasts', 'first phase', 'risk assets', 'upbeat forecast', 'current quarter', 'third-quarter earnings', 'United Airlines', 'American Airlines', 'JetBlue Airways', 'Additional reporting', '1.7 per cent', '12.8 per cent', '15.4 per cent', '3.529 per cent', '2.705 per cent', 'Euronext Dublin', 'mid-cap-focused FTSE 250', 'Stoxx Europe', '1.1 per', '3.3 per', '3.6 per', '3.4 per', 'Traders', 'work', 'floor', 'time', 'Thursday', 'investors', 'France', 'hopes', 'ground', 'Glanbia', 'Ireland', 'fallout', 'AIB', 'business', 'housebuilders', 'London', 'HSBC', 'lenders', 'cash', 'costs', 'disappointment', 'tax', 'gains', 'optimism', 'country', 'talks', 'Monday', 'resignation', 'Germany', 'benchmark', 'spread', 'Cac', 'Paris', 'Dax', 'Frankfurt', 'aims', 'Israel', 'Hamas', 'expected', 'Agencies', '0.9']",2025-10-09,2025-10-10,irishtimes.com
