UID,Searchword,API,URL,Title,Summary,Article,Title_Sentiment,Title_Positive,Title_Neutral,Title_Negative,Article_Sentiment,Article_Positive,Article_Neutral,Article_Negative,Verified,Language,Topics,Date,Load_Date,Source
18596,Euroclear,Twitter API,Twitter,@EuroclearGroup Euroclear thieves  they have robbed millions of private citizens. This is a dishonorable company!!!,nan,@EuroclearGroup Euroclear thieves  they have robbed millions of private citizens. This is a dishonorable company!!!,negative,0.0,0.01,0.99,negative,0.0,0.01,0.99,True,English,"['private citizens', 'dishonorable company', 'millions', 'private citizens', 'dishonorable company', 'millions']",2023-02-16,2023-02-20,Unknown
18602,Deutsche Boerse,Twitter API,Twitter,📣 Deutsche Börse has selected Google Cloud to provide the backbone for a new digital asset business platform that w… https://t.co/FI84Sgrtx4,nan,📣 Deutsche Börse has selected Google Cloud to provide the backbone for a new digital asset business platform that w… https://t.co/FI84Sgrtx4,neutral,0.04,0.95,0.01,neutral,0.04,0.95,0.01,True,English,"['new digital asset business platform', 'Deutsche Börse', 'Google Cloud', 'backbone', 'FI84Sgrtx4', 'new digital asset business platform', 'Deutsche Börse', 'Google Cloud', 'backbone', 'FI84Sgrtx4']",2023-02-16,2023-02-20,Unknown
18603,Deutsche Boerse,Twitter API,Twitter,German exchange Deutsche Boerse has selected Google Cloud to provide the backbone of its digital assets business… https://t.co/bM8Jr5p1Gh,nan,German exchange Deutsche Boerse has selected Google Cloud to provide the backbone of its digital assets business… https://t.co/bM8Jr5p1Gh,neutral,0.06,0.93,0.01,neutral,0.06,0.93,0.01,True,English,"['digital assets business', 'German exchange', 'Deutsche Boerse', 'Google Cloud', 'backbone', 'digital assets business', 'German exchange', 'Deutsche Boerse', 'Google Cloud', 'backbone']",2023-02-16,2023-02-20,Unknown
18604,Deutsche Boerse,Twitter API,Twitter,Deutsche Börse Group and Google Cloud Team Up to Advance Financial Services with Digital Assets Business Platform (… https://t.co/Mh8J26otKX,nan,Deutsche Börse Group and Google Cloud Team Up to Advance Financial Services with Digital Assets Business Platform (… https://t.co/Mh8J26otKX,neutral,0.13,0.85,0.02,neutral,0.13,0.85,0.02,True,English,"['Deutsche Börse Group', 'Digital Assets Business Platform', 'Google Cloud', 'Financial Services', 'Deutsche Börse Group', 'Digital Assets Business Platform', 'Google Cloud', 'Financial Services']",2023-02-15,2023-02-20,Unknown
18605,Deutsche Boerse,Twitter API,Twitter,Retweet selected by the https://t.co/kmOCQTFIJb team |  Deutsche Boerse  Swisscom Settle Securities with Corda and… https://t.co/nFDpN3XFJa,nan,Retweet selected by the https://t.co/kmOCQTFIJb team |  Deutsche Boerse  Swisscom Settle Securities with Corda and… https://t.co/nFDpN3XFJa,neutral,0.13,0.86,0.01,neutral,0.13,0.86,0.01,True,English,"['kmOCQTFIJb team', 'Deutsche Boerse', 'Retweet', 'Swisscom', 'Securities', 'Corda', 'kmOCQTFIJb team', 'Deutsche Boerse', 'Retweet', 'Swisscom', 'Securities', 'Corda']",2023-02-15,2023-02-20,Unknown
18698,Euroclear,Twitter API,Twitter,NCUA rejects North Dakota credit unions' bid to recoup funds #AAA Websites Euroclear Fintech https://t.co/enkfhOrhUI #regtech,nan,NCUA rejects North Dakota credit unions' bid to recoup funds #AAA Websites Euroclear Fintech https://t.co/enkfhOrhUI #regtech,neutral,0.0,0.98,0.02,neutral,0.0,0.98,0.02,True,English,"[""North Dakota credit unions' bid"", 'NCUA', 'funds', ""North Dakota credit unions' bid"", 'NCUA', 'funds']",2023-02-17,2023-02-20,Unknown
18699,Euroclear,Twitter API,Twitter,Energy-sector lenders see enduring demand for fossil fuels #AAA Websites Euroclear Fintech https://t.co/MPNiwWu9Xe #regtech,nan,Energy-sector lenders see enduring demand for fossil fuels #AAA Websites Euroclear Fintech https://t.co/MPNiwWu9Xe #regtech,neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,True,English,"['Energy-sector lenders', 'enduring demand', 'fossil fuels', 'MPNiwWu9Xe', 'Energy-sector lenders', 'enduring demand', 'fossil fuels', 'MPNiwWu9Xe']",2023-02-17,2023-02-20,Unknown
18700,Euroclear,Twitter API,Twitter,@fuzed_ @EuroclearGroup @CEOAdam I’m trying to understand it all 😩. Euroclear is in bed bed with Blackrock. All bro… https://t.co/wG50FJpKZs,nan,@fuzed_ @EuroclearGroup @CEOAdam I’m trying to understand it all 😩. Euroclear is in bed bed with Blackrock. All bro… https://t.co/wG50FJpKZs,positive,0.52,0.29,0.19,positive,0.52,0.29,0.19,True,English,"['bed bed', 'EuroclearGroup', 'CEOAdam', 'Blackrock', 'bed bed', 'EuroclearGroup', 'CEOAdam', 'Blackrock']",2023-02-17,2023-02-20,Unknown
18701,Euroclear,Twitter API,Twitter,Huntington plans reorganization aimed at tapping wealth opportunities #AAA Websites Euroclear Fintech https://t.co/i9WuRmejyP #regtech,nan,Huntington plans reorganization aimed at tapping wealth opportunities #AAA Websites Euroclear Fintech https://t.co/i9WuRmejyP #regtech,neutral,0.12,0.88,0.0,neutral,0.12,0.88,0.0,True,English,"['wealth opportunities', 'Huntington', 'reorganization', 'Fintech', 'regtech', 'wealth opportunities', 'Huntington', 'reorganization', 'Fintech', 'regtech']",2023-02-17,2023-02-20,Unknown
18702,Euroclear,Twitter API,Twitter,Demystifying digital transformation #AAA Websites Euroclear Fintech https://t.co/od0lcfnoX3 #regtech,nan,Demystifying digital transformation #AAA Websites Euroclear Fintech https://t.co/od0lcfnoX3 #regtech,neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,True,English,"['digital transformation', 'AAA Websites', 'digital transformation', 'AAA Websites']",2023-02-17,2023-02-20,Unknown
18707,Deutsche Boerse,Twitter API,Twitter,We're excited to announce #GoogleCloud's partnership with Deutsche Börse to enhance  economize  and concentrate Deu… https://t.co/bMOXqNJzo5,nan,We're excited to announce #GoogleCloud's partnership with Deutsche Börse to enhance  economize  and concentrate Deu… https://t.co/bMOXqNJzo5,positive,0.73,0.27,0.0,positive,0.73,0.27,0.0,True,English,"['Deutsche Börse', 'partnership', 'Deutsche Börse', 'partnership']",2023-02-17,2023-02-20,Unknown
18708,Deutsche Boerse,Twitter API,Twitter,@TintinCapital yea. the website is super good. a joke what Nasdaq or Deutsche Börse is offering compared to this po… https://t.co/Bla6lbZOCw,nan,@TintinCapital yea. the website is super good. a joke what Nasdaq or Deutsche Börse is offering compared to this po… https://t.co/Bla6lbZOCw,mixed,0.51,0.06,0.43,mixed,0.51,0.06,0.43,True,English,"['Deutsche Börse', 'website', 'joke', 'Nasdaq', 'po', 'Bla6lbZOCw', 'Deutsche Börse', 'website', 'joke', 'Nasdaq', 'po', 'Bla6lbZOCw']",2023-02-17,2023-02-20,Unknown
18762,Euroclear,Twitter API,Twitter,Asian American caucus defends East West CEO against espionage claims #AAA Websites Euroclear Fintech https://t.co/twItRWFsyE #regtech,nan,Asian American caucus defends East West CEO against espionage claims #AAA Websites Euroclear Fintech https://t.co/twItRWFsyE #regtech,neutral,0.01,0.86,0.14,neutral,0.01,0.86,0.14,True,English,"['Asian American caucus', 'East West CEO', 'espionage claims', 'regtech', 'Asian American caucus', 'East West CEO', 'espionage claims', 'regtech']",2023-02-18,2023-02-20,Unknown
18763,Euroclear,Twitter API,Twitter,A credit union teams with HGTV house flippers to revitalize Detroit #AAA Websites Euroclear Fintech https://t.co/wqFXfcUp3R #regtech,nan,A credit union teams with HGTV house flippers to revitalize Detroit #AAA Websites Euroclear Fintech https://t.co/wqFXfcUp3R #regtech,neutral,0.02,0.98,0.0,neutral,0.02,0.98,0.0,True,English,"['credit union teams', 'HGTV house flippers', 'Detroit', 'credit union teams', 'HGTV house flippers', 'Detroit']",2023-02-18,2023-02-20,Unknown
18764,Euroclear,Twitter API,Twitter,Latest banking news #AAA Websites Euroclear Fintech https://t.co/28oaLZe5Wa #regtech,nan,Latest banking news #AAA Websites Euroclear Fintech https://t.co/28oaLZe5Wa #regtech,neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,True,English,"['Latest banking news', 'AAA Websites Euroclear', 'Fintech', 'Latest banking news', 'AAA Websites Euroclear', 'Fintech']",2023-02-17,2023-02-20,Unknown
18768,Deutsche Boerse,Twitter API,Twitter,German exchange Deutsche Boerse has selected Google Cloud to provide the backbone of its digital assets business… https://t.co/2IOAOyWz0b,nan,German exchange Deutsche Boerse has selected Google Cloud to provide the backbone of its digital assets business… https://t.co/2IOAOyWz0b,neutral,0.05,0.94,0.01,neutral,0.05,0.94,0.01,True,English,"['digital assets business', 'German exchange', 'Deutsche Boerse', 'Google Cloud', 'backbone', 'digital assets business', 'German exchange', 'Deutsche Boerse', 'Google Cloud', 'backbone']",2023-02-18,2023-02-20,Unknown
18769,Deutsche Boerse,Twitter API,Twitter,Deutsche Boerse announced on Friday that Commerzbank AG will rejoin the DAX index. The lender will replace Linde pl… https://t.co/EgGyWpkjCk,nan,Deutsche Boerse announced on Friday that Commerzbank AG will rejoin the DAX index. The lender will replace Linde pl… https://t.co/EgGyWpkjCk,neutral,0.07,0.92,0.01,neutral,0.07,0.92,0.01,True,English,"['Deutsche Boerse', 'Commerzbank AG', 'DAX index', 'Linde pl', 'Friday', 'lender', 'Deutsche Boerse', 'Commerzbank AG', 'DAX index', 'Linde pl', 'Friday', 'lender']",2023-02-18,2023-02-20,Unknown
18793,Clearstream,NewsApi.org,https://seekingalpha.com/article/4579778-vgi-partners-investor-letter-full-year-2022,VGI Partners Investor Letter - Full Year 2022,VGI Partners Global Investments Limited made available their 2022 Investor Letter recently. Click here to read the full fund letter.,"akinbostanci/iStock via Getty Images“Every recession brings out the sceptics who doubt that we will ever come out of it  and who predict that we will soon fall into a depression  when new cars will sit unsold in the showrooms forever and houses will stand empty  and the country will go bankrupt.” PETER LYNCHDear Fellow Investors For the twelve months ended 31 December 2022 (CY22)  VGI Partners Global Investments Limited (ASX:VG1) generated a net return of -22.3%.[1]Global equity markets experienced a challenging year in 2022  the S&P 500 declining -19% over the period  the NASDAQ Composite retreating -33% and the broader MSCI World Index falling -19%. Few asset classes delivered a positive return for the year  as heightened inflationary pressures  rising global interest rates and a horrific conflict on the European continent saw over US$25 trillion in value erased from global equity markets over the course of the calendar year.CY22 has been incredibly disappointing for VGI Partners. Since the inception of VG1’s portfolio in 2017  we have strived to provide our investors with access to a concentrated portfolio of high-quality businesses  with the ambition to grow our capital at 10-15% per annum. The careful protection of our invested capital base and constant vigilance in avoiding situations that lead to the permanent impairment of capital has been a critical component to this approach. Quite simply  we have not adequately executed on this in 2022.As a consequence  CY22 comfortably represents the largest annual drawdown the global strategy has experienced in a calendar year since its inception. We are profoundly aware that this has been a disappointing result  and one that we have obviously sought to learn extensively from as we look to restore both our return profile and our investors’ confidence over the period ahead.Pleasingly  the new year has started well  with the portfolio up +11% through to the 27th of January. However  we recognise that this is only a first step in recovering the CY22 drawdown for our investors.In this letter  we provide an update on the current positioning of the VG1 portfolio  a summary of recent changes and an overview of where we see opportunities to generate attractive returns on our capital over the 2023 year ahead. Additionally  we feel it important to reflect on a number of the missteps made during 2022  and the important lessons we have taken away from this in order to improve our processes over the years ahead.Before discussing the portfolio in more detail  we would also like to provide an update on recent corporate activities of relevance to VG1. As many investors would be aware  VGI Partners and Regal Funds Management merged on 3 June 2022  with the new combined entity renamed ‘Regal Partners’. The VGI Partners investment team continues to manage the VG1 portfolio  but is benefiting from access to Regal Funds Management’s operating infrastructure and investor relations team. Key VGI Partners investment staff continue to own substantial personal investments in VGI’s wholesale funds and VG1. The VG1 Board has also taken a number of steps to assist VG1 and its shareholders. This includes a refinement of the dividend policy in August 2022 – VG1’s new policy is to target a dividend of at least 4.5c each six months. This is in line with VG1’s recent profile  with VG1 paying two dividends during CY22 (4.5c in April 2022 and 4.5c in September 2022). In addition  VG1 has an active on-market share buy-back program  purchasing shares when they are trading at a discount to Net Tangible Assets. This not only provides greater on-market liquidity but can be highly accretive for shareholders. Over 56m shares  or approximately 14% of VG1’s shares  have been bought back since the program began. Post completion of the merger in early June 2022  we have seen VG1’s discount to Net Tangible Assets reduce from over 20% to around 15-16% currently. We look forward to providing more updates through future investor briefings and letters.Portfolio Thoughts & PositioningWe have always viewed the opportunity to manage our investors’ capital as a privilege  and we thank investors for their patience  support and encouragement over what has undoubtedly been a difficult year. While performance has been challenging  we remain highly confident that the deep fundamental investment approach taken by the VGI team  and our focus on identifying mispriced high-quality businesses  remains an attractive way to generate favourable risk-adjusted returns through the full market cycle. The team retains a high level of conviction in our core portfolio holdings  and pleasingly has taken advantage of share price weakness in a number of existing portfolio positions to progressively add exposure to incredibly high-quality businesses at what we perceive to be very attractive valuations. At writing  in the long portfolio we see  conservatively  about 30% potential upside to our estimate of fair value for the underlying stocks.As a reminder  VGI Partners seeks to build a concentrated portfolio for VG1 of under-appreciated  highquality businesses that operate within (or we believe will soon operate within) attractive industry verticals. These positions are offset by short positions in companies perceived to be encountering structural headwinds  business model weakness and/or accounting irregularities.While the concept of investing in ‘quality’ businesses has evolved in recent years to encompass an increasingly broad church  at VGI Partners  our preferred approach is to focus on businesses that we perceive as ‘covertly’ high-quality businesses  namely those which are initially ignored  under-appreciated  or disdained by the broader market consensus  and therefore tend to provide far more attractive opportunities from a valuation perspective versus more traditional (or ‘overtly’) higher-quality names. Of course  the drawback from owning covert high-quality businesses  at least initially  is that such holdings can make you stand out from the crowd  at times can make you look foolish  and can sporadically inject higher levels of volatility into a portfolio as the underlying value of these businesses is progressively appreciated by the broader market.In uncovering these covertly high-quality businesses  we look for companies that enjoy strong moats that protect the underlying business  and ideally moats that are expanding (or  at a minimum  remaining stable). We like businesses with the ability to allocate capital at attractive rates of return (that is  rates well in excess of the businesses’ own cost of capital)  those with a resilient business model or underlying customer base and those that enjoy growth optionality. Additionally  we spend significant time seeking to understand the underlying industry structures in which our companies operate  given our preference for investing in businesses with the ability to generate sustained economic profits  and not just accounting profits[2].While covertly high-quality businesses are our preference  we are equally happy to deploy capital into more overtly  or already well-appreciated  businesses during times when either depressed sentiment across the broader market provides us with an attractive opportunity to do so  or when one of these businesses experiences shorter-term setbacks in their business model or growth profile  leading to their share prices over-correcting to the downside  at least over the short term.The table below provides a snapshot of the top 10 holdings in VG1’s portfolio as at 31 December 2022 and represents a collection of what we believe to be high-quality  attractively-priced  global businesses with significant potential to meaningfully grow their earnings over many years ahead. Consistent with our concentrated approach  the top 10 long positions account for 68% of our total invested capital.Top 10 Long Investments as at 31 December 2022 % of Portfolio CME Group Inc. (CME) 12% Amazon.com Inc. (AMZN) 12% Deutsche Börse AG (OTCPK:DBOEF) 7% Cie Financière Richemont SA 7% SAP SE (SAP) 7% Pinterest Inc. (PINS) 5% Française des Jeux (OTCPK:LFDJF) 5% Mastercard Inc. (MA) 5% The Walt Disney Co. (DIS) 4% Rheinmetall AG (OTCPK:RNMBF) 4% Click to enlargeSource: VGI Partners analysis. Click to enlargeRegular readers of our monthly reports will recognise a number of our existing longer-term positions in the above  in addition to more recent changes to the overall portfolio composition. US-listed derivatives and futures exchange operator CME Group was our largest investment position  closely followed by US technology and e-commerce conglomerate Amazon (an investment we first initiated in VGI’s global strategy in 2014). Both positions are discussed in more detail later in this letter. As a consequence of updated information and adjustments to our assessment of risk-reward  previously larger positions in multinational payments business Mastercard and Swiss-headquartered luxury watch and jewellery retailer Cie Financière Richemont have been reduced  while the portfolio has exited its position in Japanese-listed optical and precision technology manufacturer Olympus Corp. (OTCPK:OCPNF)More recent additions to the portfolio include German automotive and defence supplier Rheinmetall  US listed oil services business Schlumberger (SLB)  and diversified global entertainment group The Walt Disney Company. In the case of Disney  we saw an opportunity to invest in a more overtly high-quality business that has encountered a series of short-term setbacks. We feel this has provided us with a highly attractive entry price for a business that is a global leader in theme parks  hotels and cruise lines  operating with a well-established and growing competitive moat  and that has consistently delivered high returns on invested capital. Amazon arguably feels like it is also rapidly falling into this category  as the broader market’s disdain for the company’s core cloud infrastructure and e-commerce businesses grows  despite strong underlying fundamentals. We will discuss the investment thesis and upside potential from both these positions in greater detail later in this letter.By some margin  the greatest detractor to VG1’s portfolio returns was the rotation away from high-growth and tech-oriented businesses. The portfolio had high exposure to this thematic via holdings such as Amazon  Pinterest  Qualtrics (XM) and IAC  as well as the gradual re-purchase in the first half of 2022 of holdings in Spotify (SPOT) and Palantir (PLTR). These left the portfolio vulnerable as valuations compressed and investors rotated aggressively into more defensive and/or profitable businesses. In hindsight  the portfolio was over-exposed to these higher-growth and still maturing companies. However  as we have discussed before  we think many of these businesses will start to generate substantial profitability and free cashflows over the next few years (in fact  many of them already are) and still strongly believe in the underlying businesses mentioned above.In terms of FX  the portfolio remains fully hedged to Australia Dollars ((aud)). As we take an active view on the currency  we may move back to an unhedged or partially hedged position  but only when we believe there is a clear mispricing based on our fundamental analysis. Currently  we remain positive on the AUD because of the favourable position Australia finds itself in: endowed with plenty of commodities at a time when demand for these is growing rapidly given the global undersupply and underinvestment in commodity production experienced in recent years.Short SellingOur short portfolio was a positive contributor to returns in CY22  adding ~10% to portfolio returns. After an exceptionally challenging few years for short selling strategies  the abrupt conclusion of the cheap money era has rapidly refocused market participants toward company fundamentals and valuations and  in doing so  significantly widened the opportunity set for short sellers. The portfolio currently retains a higher short exposure than historically as a result  reflecting the increasingly attractive environment (particularly in more cyclical industries where we anticipate significant risks to earnings and margins over the period ahead).The largest short contributor in CY22 was a custom basket of higher-multiple  loss-making technology stocks – a position that we discussed in our semi-annual letter in July 2022. This basket consisted of businesses that carried  in our view  significantly challenged business models and lofty valuations  many of which subsequently experienced share price declines of 50-80% over the course of the year. While a successful outcome  we regret not leaning into this position in greater size. A secondary contributor to the short book was a basket of stocks focused on companies in the semiconductor sector  which we initiated in anticipation of the market eventually recognising that the sector is ultimately a cyclical industry and recent increases in capacity would lead to negative consequences for the industry. Again  this position was discussed in more detail in our letter of July 2022.Pleasingly  the portfolio also benefited this year from a number of single-stock shorts  including a position in Tesla (TSLA)  the well-known electric vehicle manufacturer that was experiencing a slowing in business momentum throughout the year as a result of pressures on consumer discretionary purchases  supply chain disruptions and increasing competition. We have expected for some time that the electric vehicle category would become more competitive  and more recently have begun to witness aggressive price cuts by manufacturers in an attempt to clear inventory  which is a negative trend for an industry that is only likely to see more competition over the coming years. The portfolio also benefited from a short position in a US-listed discount grocery store business  where investors were being pitched a large-scale store rollout story by senior management  albeit using forecasts that were extrapolating the temporarily favourable conditions into the long term and at a time when insider selling was rapidly accelerating. Both these short positions have now been profitably closed.Finally  our proprietary screens  which focus on identifying accounting red flags  have also displayed greater efficacy over the year  identifying a number of situations where weak cash conversion or evidence of inventory building have subsequently led to earnings downgrades and share price declines. This has been particularly prominent in the retail sector  where growing inventory problems have led to discounting and  in turn  margin compression. Additional focus has also been placed on the small pockets of the global economy that are still normalising post COVID-19  and where supply chain disruptions and/or volatility of input prices continue to create unsustainably high pricing increases  which  in some cases  are being assumed by the broader market as the ‘new normal’.OpportunitiesWhile technology has obviously been a key detractor from returns in CY22  we continue to believe the sector provides a number of compelling opportunities to buy excellent businesses with the ability to generate meaningful returns on capital over the years ahead. Enterprise software  for example  continues to remain a key focus for the team  given these businesses often display highly attractive economics  including predictable and recurring revenue streams  high levels of customer ‘stickiness’ (often due to the mission-critical nature of their use case) and long runways for growth in markets with low overall penetration.The broader malaise across the listed technology sector through 2022 drove a significant de-rating of valuations across the enterprise software sector  which has subsequently ignited a wave of merger and acquisitions (M&A) announcements through the second half of the year. The rapid emergence of M&A activity from large tech-orientated private equity firms in the listed sector (which typically seek to purchase businesses in the private markets prior to their underlying value being realised by public market investors) would likely suggest that private market valuations for quality  growing enterprise software businesses are  in many cases  now 75% to 100% above public market valuations  a sign that the capitulation in public markets has reached peak levels.On the completely opposite end of the spectrum from enterprise software  the defence sector is another area we have recently found equally appealing. We see structural growth after years of under-investment and the Ukraine conflict has acted as a massive catalyst for defence budget acceleration  particularly in Europe. Meanwhile  the Taiwan/China stand-off is accelerating the spend in the Asian region. Western armies are short on ammunition and other ordnances; for instance  Germany requires 10 years of ammunition purchases to simply meet minimum NATO requirements. This is one of the many reasons we have started building a position in Rheinmetall  a leading German defence business  which we discuss later in the letter. The shift to digital capabilities by military departments also bodes well for one of our other holdings  Palantir  whose core business revolves around supplying software solutions to Western government agencies and the military globally.Similar to enterprise software  we have seen acquisitions in the defence sector at significant premiums to public market valuations – one such example was Maxar Technologies (MAXR)  which received a private equity takeover proposal in December 2022 at a 129% premium to the last traded price. Again  this highlights the dislocation between public market prices and those that an informed  private buyer is prepared to pay given a 5-year view. We find this encouraging.In addition to defence  we have focused our efforts on other new sectors where we see structural growth  including energy and medical technology. The long-term outlook for energy looks highly attractive given many years of under-investment and more recently amplified by ESG constraints and corporate discipline. Although we reviewed commodity owners (where we leveraged the expertise of the Regal resources team)  we focused our efforts on the second derivative – the oil service companies. These are the picks-and shovels of the industry and arguably the highest-quality way to gain exposure. As a result  we invested in Schlumberger earlier this year and grew this to a circa 8% weight during the year (now circa 3%).Similarly  medical technology has been an area of ongoing focus. Olympus was sold during the year after generating an attractive return (briefly discussed later in the letter). In turn  this has led us to other opportunities in the sector. We are in the process of building two holdings in medical technology – companies that operate in highly consolidated industry structures  are mission-critical to customers and are exposed to attractive long-term structural growth drivers. We will be discussing these in more detail in future communications.Hidden Risks & SignpostsA large contributor to the significant drawdown in technology and growth stocks has been the growth in ‘cross-over’ funds over the last decade  particularly in the US. These funds (many of them household names in the growth hedge fund complex) have substantially grown their assets and  in turn  their allocations to completely illiquid Venture Capital (VC) investments. The rising interest rate environment and subsequent reassessment of growth asset valuations forced the ‘cross-over’ funds to cover redemptions by selling their listed investments. We believe that a number of the names in the VG1 portfolio have been caught up in this downdraft over the last 12 months. We are mindful that a further leg down in growth valuations could be led by a re-pricing of the illiquid VC investments within these portfolios. Whilst this has been a well-publicised dynamic  private equity funds may prove to be a hidden risk in the system.In fact  warning signs are developing in what is a completely unregulated segment of the financial markets with substantial amounts of hidden leverage and opaqueness. Private equity firms have been slow to take downward re-valuations. We see potential that 2023 reveals an avalanche of redemptions as negative returns are revealed to investors in private market or cross-over funds (which hold public equities and unlisted assets) over the next 3-6 months  triggering gates reminiscent of the Global Financial Crisis. Asset-liability mismatches are starting to become apparent and the canary in the coal mine looks like the Blackstone (BX) B-REIT situation (where Blackstone began to limit redemptions from its real estate trust after withdrawal requests spiked). Property-skewed funds and cross-over funds seem to be the most vulnerable. At writing  additional warning signs have come to our attention and we believe the amber lights are flashing and potentially are about to turn red.In meetings with investors over the last six months  we have said that the signposts that we are closer to an equity market bottom would include the reveal of a large fraud as well as a sell-off in Tesla  the retail investor poster-boy. We have seen the collapse of FTX  a large crypto company  and evidence that it is an outright fraud  along with a severe unwind in the Tesla share price (where we fortunately had a short position during CY22; since closed). Interestingly  FTX ranks as the fourth largest corporate failure in history by market cap. We are yet to see signs of outright capitulation and fear amongst investors  which will likely be the final stage  nor have we seen central banks globally meaningfully withdraw liquidity from the system.Pressures are also building for consumers globally. Looking at the US as an example  the household consumption picture prima facie remains healthy  but digging below the surface there are worrying signs. Inflationary pressures are squeezing consumer budgets and consumers have been forced to lean into excess savings or  even worse  take on credit card debt to fund consumption (US credit card debt is growing at the fastest pace in a decade  while the savings rate for US households is near all-time lows). Households are also facing pressure from the higher cost of debt  which is feeding through into collapsing demand for large-ticket items  such as new homes and new auto purchases. These are the largest assets for the average household  and both home and used car prices have been under severe pressure. Consumers are being hit from all sides but job losses have yet to become widespread. We are therefore keeping a close eye on the general consumer environment with all the pressures that are building.MistakesWe constantly assess and review our past investments  aiming to improve our decision-making going forward. For every investment  we like to conduct a pre-mortem review (to identify risks and how an investment can go wrong when we first make the investment) and then a post-mortem review to understand the extent to which our investment thesis did or did not play out after the fact  with an emphasis on identifying mistakes and learning from these. We think this is a critical process so that we can improve and avoid repeating errors going forward.As previously highlighted  our high exposure to technology  high-growth oriented businesses drove the bulk of our underperformance in CY22. One key mistake we made was with Qualtrics (XM)  which was the second largest detractor in the year. With the benefit of hindsight  we over-estimated the company’s growth profile and overpaid for the business. We assumed the category would be more resilient even in an environment where customers are scrutinising IT budgets and we failed to change our mind when growth began to disappoint. Our valuation approach was also overly reliant on long-term free cashflows – because we like to think about businesses with a long-term mindset – but we did not pay enough attention to near-term valuations and expectations. Lastly  we were insufficiently critical when XM announced a large acquisition at the peak of the software bubble in mid-2021  as this was a potential sign that the outlook for XM’s core business had deteriorated.The big lesson that we draw from our XM investment is one of sizing – given the wide range of outcomes  this should have been reflected through a smaller-sized investment. We continue to own XM today as the valuation and expectations have been reset  and XM remains the undisputed leader in an emerging  mission-critical software category with a long growth runway. This view has been substantiated by our conversations with customers at the XM Innovation Sydney event in November 2022 and recent CIO surveys affirming XM’s pole position amongst emerging software vendors. In recent days  SAP have announced a strategic review of its XM stake  removing a key overhang for the stock and increasing the probability that XM will trade more in line with peers or be acquired.IAC was another key detractor during the year  as we made the mistake of holding onto our investment for too long. A key part of our original IAC thesis was underpinned by a near-term catalyst in the form of an upcoming spin-off (Vimeo) providing a chance to crystallise value and for the business to narrow the discount to its sum-of-the-parts. While this thesis played out  we then held onto our IAC investment  thinking the business continued to trade at a meaningful discount to the value of the assets it owned. We failed to appreciate that IAC was entering a ‘re-build’ stage and  given the lack of upcoming spin-offs  would continue to trade at a deep discount to the value of its net assets.In addition  IAC undertook a meaningful acquisition (Meredith)  which is a business complementary to one of its existing assets (Dotdash). This increased IAC’s exposure to the advertising market (Dotdash & Meredith generate all revenues through advertising) at a time when the ad market was starting to slow. We made the mistake of not realising quickly enough that the integration of the two businesses was taking longer and facing some hiccups  which  in turn  caused management to delay its financial targets. One of IAC’s other businesses  Angi  similarly faced issues with its strategic direction  leading to management changes and the IAC CEO having to step in to turn around the business. Overall  a key mistake we made was failing to appreciate that investments relying on sum-of-the-parts valuations tend to perform poorly in weaker market conditions when investors demand a larger discount versus the net asset value – unless there is a clear path to unlock value (e.g. through a spin-off). We continue to own IAC as we believe that the management team are now addressing the recent issues appropriately and that their actions can assist with closing the large discount to net assets over time.As we mentioned at the start  we have gone through an extensive process of scrutinising all of our key positions and re-underwriting assumptions. We feel excited about our current portfolio but acknowledge the need to remain mentally flexible to avoid mistakes and to change our mind quickly when we think our investment thesis is drifting.Portfolio UpdateBelow we provide an update on some of our key holdings.CME (~12% weighting)CME is a business likely familiar to you  being one we have owned in our global strategy since 2008 and which was our largest VG1 position at the end of 2022.CME operates futures and derivatives exchanges  including the Chicago Mercantile Exchange  the New York Mercantile Exchange  the Chicago Board of Trade  and the Dow Jones Index Services. On top of this  CME also owns other key assets related to foreign exchange trading & infrastructure and a strategic shareholding in Standard & Poor’s (S&P) Index business.The key driver of trading activity for CME is in its interest rate derivatives products  where it has an effective monopoly in the exchange trading of interest rate derivatives in the United States  with benchmark products across the entirety of the interest rate curve. Demand for interest rate derivatives is driven by volatility in interest rate markets  whose effect is compounded by the number of bonds held by those looking to manage interest rate risk and  by extension  market liquidity. The below chart of average daily volumes of interest rate derivatives and US Federal debt held by the public illustrates the extremely strong relationship the size of the US Treasury market and volumes growth  although there are deviations around this primarily around Fed intervention (for example  at the start of the pandemic  volumes were suppressed by an enormous amount of Quantitative Easing (QE) and effectively zero interest rates which reduced the demand for hedging products). We expect the growth in the size of the US Treasury market  particularly in relation to privately held US treasuries as the Fed undergoes a balance sheet unwind  to remain a powerful underpinning of CME’s interest rate derivatives business.Size of the US Federal Debt Held by the Public vs Average Daily Volume of CME Interest Rate ContractsSource: CME Group  Congressional Budget Office.As such  we are high conviction that the reversal of QE and the normalisation of bond market conditions will provide a significant tailwind for CME’s trading activity in the near term  while its net interest margin should benefit from greater investment income on margin collateral. Other derivatives complexes  including equity and energy  are likely to also benefit from a normalisation of market conditions and we note that incremental futures contracts generate an extremely high drop-through rate to cash earnings due to CME’s strong operating leverage as a primarily digital platform. As a result  we believe current conditions are highly favourable for CME’s interest rate derivatives business  other derivatives complexes and net interest margin and we see substantial upside risk to consensus earnings and free cashflow estimates.At writing  CME is trading at a CY23 PE of 20x  free cashflow yield of 6% and dividend yield of 5%.Amazon (~12% weighting)Amazon is a dominant player in e-commerce (#1 globally)  cloud computing (#1 globally)  and digital advertising (#3 globally)  all massive and structurally growing end markets. Amazon’s share price declined nearly 50% in calendar 2022 due to a myriad of macro and company-specific headwinds  including slowing economic growth  rising inflation  tighter monetary policy  and substantial overinvestment. Free cashflow turned deeply negative. We are disappointed  to say the least. Nevertheless  the investment case for Amazon today is remarkably compelling. Market expectations have been reset  the valuation is extremely attractive  and management is intent on improving profitability and reducing capital intensity. Amazon remains a high conviction holding and we are incredibly excited by its prospects.For the past year  the market has been concerned about the growth and profit outlook for its e-commerce business  which is presently loss-making due to overinvestment and cost inflation. Management has responded by laying off more than 18 000 employees — the biggest reduction in Amazon’s history. Beyond the reduction in force  Amazon has frozen hiring in its e-commerce and corporate divisions  cancelled or delayed warehouse openings  raised prices on a variety of products (including Prime memberships)  eliminated several unprofitable lines of business and seeded new ones (e.g. Buy with Prime) to fill excess capacity. (Amazon doubled the size of its e-commerce footprint over 2020-2021.) Buy with Prime has been shown to increase shopper conversion by 25% on average and is now widely available to US-based merchants.Looking past the short-term headwinds  we are highly optimistic about the trajectory of the e-commerce business. Whilst logistics investments have led to short-term losses  they have strengthened the competitive moat of the e-commerce business and its ability to meet customer demand for years to come. E-commerce is a highly valuable business which has spawned the 3rd largest advertising business in the world (the best search results in the world for advertisers are those of Amazon customers) and a subscription business (Amazon Prime) which acts as a powerful flywheel to e-commerce and other business lines such as devices  streaming video/music and soon satellite broadband (via Amazon’s Kuiper business). We think the market is overly pessimistic about the prospects for e-commerce (inclusive of advertising) and underwrite scenarios where we estimate the e-commerce business alone is worth more than US$60 per share.As we wrote last year  we reiterate our view that Amazon’s current share price is more than underpinned by its Amazon Web Services (AWS) business alone. Cloud computing remains in the early stages of growth  with customers across the industry only around 30% through the migration of their workloads from onpremise infrastructure to the cloud  based on commentary from industry experts  key corporates and Chief Technology Officers. Until recently  cloud spending has been largely resilient amidst macro headwinds. This changed last result when all three hyper-scalers warned of a slowdown in growth as enterprises scrutinise technology budgets. Indeed  Amazon is proactively working with its customers to cost-optimise  which will have a negative impact on short-term sales growth but is the prudent long-term business decision. As a result  we forecast AWS growth to slow further in 2023 before re-accelerating in 2024. The long-term revenue growth profile of AWS remains robust  and sustainable operating margins have the potential to exceed 40% given a concentrated industry structure  AWS scale advantages  and a mix shift toward value-added software.As we look to the future  Amazon’s focus on improving operating efficiencies  reducing working capital  and lowering capital expenditures should result in an exponential increase in free cashflow and shareholder value. We forecast a return to positive free cashflow in 2023. By 2025  we expect free cashflow to exceed US$70 billion  representing a growing 8% free cashflow yield  which we consider incredibly attractive for an asset of this quality.Deutsche Börse (~7% weighting)On the back of recent purchases and relative share price performance  Deutsche Börse (DB1) has grown to the portfolio’s third largest position. DB1 is a well-diversified exchange group whose activities touch most aspects of European capital markets  offering a blend of transactional and non-transactional revenue exposure. It provides trading  clearing  pre/post-trading and data & analytic services in four key operating segments: Trading & Clearing  Fund Services  Security Services and Data & Analytics.The transactional side of the business  like CME  has strong structural tailwinds as artificial depression of policy rates by central banks coupled with QE in the Eurozone begin to reverse and DB1’s Trading & Clearing businesses (including Europe’s largest derivatives exchange Eurex) benefit from a larger hedging market and continued macro volatility. Current uncertainty also benefits its EEX business (the dominant venue for power trading in Europe)  which is poised to grow as tension in European energy markets  and the ongoing structural shift in electricity generation to renewables  continues to support trading activity. As per CME  DB1 operates a digital platform which enables an extremely high drop through to cash earnings from each incremental dollar of trading revenue.On the other side  Clearstream is the keystone to DB1’s non-transactional revenue stream  with over US$13.5trn of securities in custody (including around 40% of Eurobonds in issue and 100% of all issued securities in Germany). Because of the size and stickiness of Eurobond custody assets  much of Clearstream’s revenue base is highly stable and the rising rate backdrop acts as a strong tailwind for net interest margin earnings (as greater collateral margin requirements  coupled with increased yields  produces powerful earnings potential for the group); this had previously been a source of downgrades during 2019-21. Moreover  we expect the acquisition of ISS within the Data & Analytics segment to drive long-term non-transactional revenues by expanding the scope and quality of DB1's ESG offering as demand for ESG products continues to accelerate.Despite these strong tailwinds and solid execution over the last year  DB1 trades at a discount relative to peers and below our fair valuation. We view this as unjustified given the quality of earnings and organic growth potential. At writing  DB1 is trading on a CY23 free cashflow yield of 6%  PE of 16x and a dividend yield of 3%.Richemont (~7% weighting)Richemont is a position we have written extensively about since 2019. It remains a Top 10 holding and the business continued to perform strongly during 2022.Demand for high-end luxury has proved sustainable thus far  as the top 1% of households by net worth continue to spend more on luxury items such as jewellery  watches and handbags. Richemont’s super luxury jewellery brands  Cartier and Van Cleef & Arpels  are the crown jewels of the group’s portfolio of brands; these account for the majority of Richemont’s profitability and  consistent with our investment thesis  have posted accelerating revenue growth in recent periods.Geographically  the highlight has been Europe  where growth was led by strong local demand and the resumption of inbound tourism from the US and Middle East. Asia Pacific was weaker during 2022 because of the store closures in mainland China and Macau due to the enforcement of the zero-COVID policy in China. However  given China’s recent reopening under less stringent COVID policies  we expect Chinese demand to rebound and turn into a tailwind this year (note that this has already started to be reflected in expectations with a 17% re-rate over the last few weeks).One of the reasons we have long admired and invested in super-luxury businesses is their pricing power. Higher prices add to the allure of luxury products while simultaneously creating exclusivity. Encouragingly  during 2022  Richemont raised prices on key brands such as Cartier and Van Cleef and across multiple geographies  a trend which we expect to continue going forward. Financially  price increases are highly attractive as the revenue delta drops straight through to the bottom line. This  alongside operating leverage  has allowed Richemont to expand margins.During 2022  Richemont reached an agreement to sell its online operations  YNAP  to Farfetch  the leading luxury e-commerce retailer. The disposal of YNAP has been a key part of our CFR investment thesis  as we believed this was a distraction for management and masked underlying profitability. This has simplified the story for investors: the deal will allow Richemont to retain upside on the equity of both YNAP and Farfetch and allow management to focus wholly on running Richemont’s core business.We have recently started to reduce our portfolio weighting in Richemont. The recent share price increase is reducing the risk-reward profile and we think this is the best of times for luxury goods companies.SAP (~7% weighting)SAP is in the midst of a multi-year transition of its business to the cloud which continues to gain momentum. We attribute much of its success – which has not been without challenges and setbacks – to the strategy initiated by Christian Klein after he became sole CEO in mid-2020  in particular “RISE with SAP.” Launched in January 2021  RISE is a commercial construct to migrate customers onto SAP cloud products such as S/4HANA Cloud (Cloud ERP) and SAP’s Business Technology Platform (BTP).Late last year  we travelled to Germany and met with SAP management to learn more about BTP specifically. The platform offers data and application services which customers and partners can use to integrate SAP and non-SAP applications  in effect a “digital core” with powerful flywheel effects. It is foundational to SAP’s RISE offering with 80% of customers adopting the platform. The BTP business has a sales run rate exceeding €1.5 billion with high margins and we expect it to grow substantially over the next few years.SAP’s cloud transition has resulted in some one-time and duplicative costs (infrastructure  R&D and sales)  resulting in a circa €200 million lower operating profit in 2022 versus 2019  despite circa €3 billion higher sales. Having studied these transitions  we believe the shift is camouflaging the underlying earnings power of what will be higher quality earnings (>80% recurring revenue). We expect the one-time and duplicative costs will dissipate from 2023 onwards  resulting in positive operating leverage and sustainable double-digit operating profit growth.Recent results from SAP have been mostly supportive of our thesis with leading indicators  specifically Current Cloud Backlog  accelerating despite macroeconomic uncertainties. The BTP flywheel has improved integration between SAP’s cloud modules (SuccessFactors  Concur  etc.) and S/4HANA  leading to improved cross-sell/upsell rates. Recent results from back-office software peers Oracle and Workday have also been resilient.SAP’s moat is stable-to-growing and the business is well-positioned in many of the world’s largest corporations as an essential component of their IT operating platform. Our field trip to Germany gave us incremental confidence that the strategy is gaining traction following a painful period of transition. We also view the appointment of a new CFO  Dominik Asam  who joins in March from Airbus and has a solid reputation  as one of the many positive catalysts building in the business.Given the cloud transition and some execution missteps  SAP trades at a meaningful discount to fair value. Earnings are poised to accelerate as they execute on the cloud transition. In our view  a more meaningful reflection of the company’s earnings power requires looking out to at least 2025  with SAP trading at a 6% free cashflow yield and a 15.5x PER on our forecasts.New LONG Position: Walt Disney Co. (~4% weighting)The Walt Disney Company is a diversified media conglomerate operating media networks  theme parks  film and TV studios and direct-to-consumer streaming services. It is the global leader in theme parks with hotels and cruise lines aimed at families. Key assets within Disney are the instantly recognisable entertainment franchises that have multiple avenues of monetisation such as Mickey Mouse  Star Wars  ABC and Marvel’s Avengers.Disney’s share price declined due to a number of factors in 2022  presenting us the chance to purchase a long-admired business and its unique collection of valuable intellectual property assets at what we consider to be a very attractive valuation. Summarily  the EPS of Disney has declined from US$7 in 2018 to ~US$2.60 in 2022 but we believe that the earnings power of the assets has not diminished to anywhere near this extent.Disney is currently undergoing a business transition within the Media and Entertainment Distribution division (DMED) from traditional media property distribution via third parties (i.e. cinemas and broadcast networks) to a Direct-To-Consumer (DTC) model via the Disney+ streaming service. A key element of our thesis is that the earnings power of the company is currently being masked by the marketing and content investments within Disney+ and that this will normalise over the next several years. To put this in perspective  Disney+ (DTC sub-segment) currently generates operating losses of over US$3.3bn (a negative 14% operating margin) compared to operating margins at its nearest streaming competitor  Netflix  of +15.5%.A secondary concern around Disney has been the CEO leadership transition from Bob Iger to Bob Chapek that occurred in February 2020. As well documented in the media  the changes that Bob Chapek made to the organisational structure of the business affecting the creative output at Disney did not resonate with senior executives nor investors and he was ultimately removed by the board. Hollywood loves a sequel – Bob Iger was sensationally reinstated to the CEO role in November of 2022. During his original tenure as CEO  Mr Iger was a well-respected leader  overseeing successful acquisitions of Pixar  Marvel Entertainment and Lucasfilm. We view the board actions as supportive of long-term shareholder value creation as Mr Iger seeks to unify the executive team and navigate the company through the current challenges.The resilient cashflows of the Disney components have allowed it to invest heavily in the DTC content space and give the management team the necessary flexibility to prove out the earnings power of the business. In this context  it would be remiss of us to not discuss the Parks  Experiences and Products division (PEP) of Disney  which makes up 35% of revenue and 49% of operating profits (ex DTC losses) but has been overlooked recently given the intense focus on the media business. PEP is a solid business  with the opportunity to invest alongside the core franchises in a ‘flywheel’ of value creation (i.e. Star Wars and Avengers attractions at Parks). After suffering as a result of COVID  the business has bounced back remarkably well  with operating profit now 8% above the FY19 level. Further upside will come from the full re-opening of International Parks – prior to COVID these represented 10% of operating profit of the division. Contrary to conventional wisdom  Return on Invested Capital (ROIC) in this business is estimated at 18% and there is further opportunity to invest material amounts of capital at high rates of return.When we built our stake  Disney was trading at more than a 35% discount to fair value  and we could underwrite the valuation if the streaming business simply broke even. On our FY26 estimates  Disney is trading on a 7% FCFF (free cashflow) yield  despite profitability still being depressed and continuing to reinvest aggressively as highlighted. Using conservative profitability assumptions  we expect the stock to re-rate back to a 4-5% free cashflow yield in FY26.Walt Disney (DIS) DTC Operating Profit and FCFF YieldSource: Company filings  VGI Partners analysis.New LONG Position: Rheinmetall AG (~4% weighting)Increased geopolitical tensions in 2022 have created a renewed willingness by nations to invest in defence capabilities and energy security. Whilst not traditionally an area of focus for VGI  team members have been conscious of this theme and on the lookout for any investment opportunities that may arise as a result. The return of travel in a post-COVID world enabled several members of the team to get back on the road and do one thing we love as part of the investing process – meet in-person with management teams and extensively tour company facilities. After several preliminary calls  we were able to meet with Rheinmetall management in person in late 2022 and came away impressed with the management team and their shareholder alignment  with incentive compensation linked to Return on Capital Employed (ROCE) and operating cashflow  unique in the European market.Rheinmetall is an international systems provider for defence products  with regional leadership positions in weapons and ammunition  vehicle systems and electronic solutions. There are a number of elements to the moat of the business: a) the currently approved production facilities in a highly sensitive areas (air defence systems  weapons and vehicle systems) where barriers to entry are high  b) technological capabilities and c) relationships with key customers.The conflict in Ukraine has provided the catalyst for a significant renewal of defence capabilities across the European region  with NATO signatories having committed to significantly increase their spending after a long period of material under-investment; Rheinmetall will grow with these commitments. The current war is seeing supplies rapidly diminish through direct/indirect transfers and it is estimated that 10 years could be required to replenish German stocks to NATO commitment levels in Rheinmetall’s ‘home’ market. In light of this  the German government has increased its defence spending commitment to 2% of GDP and established a 100bn euro special fund. New members have joined NATO and other countries have also committed larger percentages of budget spending to defence (Spain and Italy: 1.4% to 2%; UK: 2.2% to 3%). These commitments provide a strong multi-year tailwind to the Rheinmetall business.Over the last several years  Rheinmetall has been undergoing a portfolio transformation process as it seeks to become a pure play defence technology business. Traditionally  the business has had a large exposure to Auto Original Equipment Manufacturer (OEM) customers (and Internal Combustion Engine (ICE) vehicles in particular) with ~50% of the revenue and operating profits in the business coming from the auto division in 2018. Whilst the company has made investments to capture component revenue from EVs  their exposure to the ICE supply chain has been a drag on the trading multiple and sentiment. Recent portfolio management activities have created a ‘cleaner’ business with higher expected ROIC. Disposal of the pistons unit removes automotive revenue exposure and we project that  following a shrewd recent acquisition in the ammunition space (Expal)  by FY25 ~70% of sales and over 80% of profits will come from the defence division.Rheinmetall Sales and EBITSource: Company filings  VGI Partners analysis.From a valuation perspective  we believe that there are a number of areas supporting valuation. Rheinmetall has a strong history of dividend payments  with dividends increasing at an 18% CAGR from FY17-22. At the FY22 Investor Day  Rheinmetall committed to increasing the dividend payout ratio from 35% to 40% – at expected FY25 dividend of 7.5 per share and assuming the business trades in line with historical dividend yields  we believe the shares are trading at a more than 20% discount to fair value. Historically Rheinmetall has traded in a range of 5x-7x EV/EBITDA – with a chance to re-rate to 6x-8x EV/EBITDA on a significantly higher earnings base.European defence names generally trade at a significant discount to their US peers  but with such strong budgetary commitments  we see optionality here for a re-rate. The US defence landscape re-rated post a budgetary change from 2011-2020. The French defence budget markedly increased post the annexation of Crimea by Russia in 2014  providing a tailwind to Thales.Potential risks here stem from the lumpiness of defence sector contracts – indeed we have already seen during our ownership period a delay in several contract awards  but we view these as short-term setbacks vs the longer arc of renewed defence spending in Europe. Further risks are in the relationship with key customers  such as the German government  highlighted by a recent issue with PUMA tanks malfunctioning in live fire exercises. Any export controls would also be a cause of concern given the business has 35% ex Europe revenue exposure and cause us to review the investment thesis.Exited Position: Olympus (~8% weighting)We flagged in our last investor letter that we had started reducing our holding in Olympus  the global leader in the manufacturing of gastrointestinal endoscopes. Since then  we have completely exited the position after generating an attractive return on our investment (the stock compounded at ~18% p.a. during our holding period). We took the view that Olympus had reached a close-to-fair valuation and we saw less scope for further margin improvement in the near term following the restructuring programs already instituted by management. The stock has fallen by 20% since our sale and we are continuing to follow it closely in case we see an opportunity to re-initiate a position. Given the appeal of the healthcare industry  where there are a number of high-quality businesses with durable moats and attractive growth opportunities  we have already found better uses of capital and started building stakes in two other healthcare businesses.In ClosingRecent returns have been truly disappointing and  in our opinion  not representative of our team’s collective efforts nor the underlying quality of the portfolio we hold  which we strongly believe is materially under-valued.Since VGI Partners’ establishment in 2008  we have been entirely focused on managing our portfolio. Our commitment is to preserve and grow our collective capital over the long term  regardless of the market environment  by owning a portfolio of high-quality businesses which have been purchased with a margin of safety coupled with a series of businesses that have utterly under-appreciated or subject to camouflaged quality characteristics ignored by the crowd.When we have made errors in the past  we have learnt from them and kept moving forward. Our performance in 2022 has generated much self-reflection and self-assessment. We can do better and we will do better.To be clear  we cannot eliminate short-term volatility from our returns; however  we are more confident than ever that our process and investment philosophy position our portfolio to produce attractive returns over the long term and through the cycle.We are very grateful that we have long-term oriented investors who entrust us with their capital. Thank you for your ongoing support and investment with VGI Partners Global Investments Limited.Yours faithfully VGI Partners[1] Past performance is not a reliable indicator of future performance. [2] Economic profits are the profits a business generates in excess of its cost of capital  versus accounting profits that can be easily (and often) manipulated by accounting shenanigans. In our experience  long-term  sustained economic profits are typically generated by businesses that operate within favourable or concentrated industry structures  or those with unique business attributes  such as elevated network effects  patents  density economics or special licences. Click to enlargeDisclaimer This newsletter is provided by Regal Partners Marketing Services Pty Ltd (ACN 637 448 072) (Regal Partners Marketing)  a corporate authorised representative of Attunga Capital Pty Ltd (ABN 96 117 683 093) (AFSL 297385) (Attunga). Regal Partners Marketing and Attunga are businesses of Regal Partners Limited (ABN 33 129 188 450) (together  referred to as Regal Partners). The Regal Partners Marketing Financial Services Guide can be found on the Regal Partners Limited website or is available on request. VGI Partners  is a business of Regal Partners Limited  which is the investment manager of VGI Partners Global Investments Limited (VG1). The information in this document (Information) has been prepared for general information purposes only and without taking into account any recipient’s investment objectives  financial situation or particular circumstances (including financial and taxation position). The Information does not (and does not intend to) contain a recommendation or statement of opinion intended to be investment advice or to influence a decision to deal with any financial product nor does it constitute an offer  solicitation or commitment by VG1 or Regal Partners. It is the sole responsibility of the recipient to consider the risks connected with any investment strategy contained in the Information. None of VG1  Regal Partners  their related bodies corporate nor any of their respective directors  employees  officers or agents accept any liability for any loss or damage arising directly or indirectly from the use of all or any part of the Information. Neither VG1 nor Regal Partners represents or warrants that the Information in this document is accurate  complete or up to date and accepts no liability if it is not. Past performance The historical financial information and performance figures given in this document are given for illustrative purposes only and should not be relied upon as (and are not) an indication of VG1 or Regal Partners’ views on the future performance of VG1 or other Funds or strategies managed by Regal Partners or its related bodies corporate. You should note that past performance of VG1 or Funds or strategies managed by Regal Partners or its related bodies corporate cannot be relied upon as an indicator of (and provide no guidance as to) future performance. Forward-looking statements This document contains certain ""forward-looking statements"" that are based on management’s beliefs  assumptions and expectations and on information currently available to management. Forward-looking statements can generally be identified by the use of forward-looking words such as  “expect”  “anticipate”  “likely”  “intend”  “should”  “could”  “may”  “predict”  “plan”  “propose”  “will”  “believe”  “forecast”  “estimate”  “target” “outlook”  “guidance” and other similar expressions. Indications of  and guidance or outlook on  future earnings or financial performance are also forward-looking statements. You are cautioned not to place undue reliance on forward-looking statements. Any such statements  opinions and estimates in this document speak only as of the date of this document and are based on assumptions and contingencies and are subject to change without notice  as are statements about market and industry trends  projections  guidance and estimates. Forward-looking statements are provided as a general guide only. The forward-looking statements contained in this document are not indications  guarantees or predictions of future performance and involve known and unknown risks and uncertainties and other factors  many of which are beyond the control of VG1 or Regal Partners  and may involve significant elements of subjective judgement and assumptions as to future events which may or may not be correct. There can be no assurance that actual outcomes will not differ materially from these forward-looking statements. No representation  warranty or assurance (express or implied) is given or made in relation to any forward-looking statement by any person (including VG1  Regal Partners  their related bodies corporate or any of their respective directors  officers  employees  agents or advisers). In particular  no representation  warranty or assurance (express or implied) is given that the occurrence of the events expressed or implied in any forward-looking statements in this document will actually occur. Except as required by law or regulation  VG1 and Regal Partners disclaim any obligation or undertaking to update forward-looking statements in this document to reflect any changes in expectations in relation to any forward-looking statement or change in events  circumstances or conditions on which any statement is based. Click to enlargeOriginal PostEditor's Note: The summary bullets for this article were chosen by Seeking Alpha editors.Editor's Note: This article discusses one or more securities that do not trade on a major U.S. exchange. Please be aware of the risks associated with these stocks.",neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,mixed,0.36,0.11,0.54,True,English,"['VGI Partners Investor Letter', 'Full Year', 'Key VGI Partners investment staff', 'VGI Partners Global Investments Limited', 'The VGI Partners investment team', 'broader MSCI World Index', 'rising global interest rates', 'deep fundamental investment approach', 'market share buy-back program', 'substantial personal investments', 'share price weakness', 'Global equity markets', 'Few asset classes', 'future investor briefings', 'full market cycle', 'investor relations team', 'Net Tangible Assets', 'largest annual drawdown', 'favourable risk-adjusted returns', 'recent corporate activities', 'Regal Funds Management', 'The VG1 Board', 'new combined entity', 'core portfolio holdings', 'existing portfolio positions', 'Dear Fellow Investors', 'mispriced high-quality businesses', 'Regal Partners', 'VGI team', 'global strategy', 'market liquidity', 'net return', 'wholesale funds', 'attractive returns', 'recent changes', 'recent profile', 'new cars', 'new year', 'Getty Images', 'PETER LYNCH', 'twelve months', 'S&P 500', 'NASDAQ Composite', 'positive return', 'inflationary pressures', 'horrific conflict', 'European continent', 'careful protection', 'constant vigilance', 'permanent impairment', 'critical component', 'disappointing result', 'return profile', 'first step', 'important lessons', 'operating infrastructure', 'two dividends', 'attractive way', 'high level', 'attractive valuations', '30% potential upside', 'underlying stocks', 'concentrated portfolio', 'Portfolio Thoughts', 'long portfolio', 'challenging year', 'calendar year', 'difficult year', 'CY22 drawdown', 'new policy', 'investors’ confidence', 'many investors', 'current positioning', 'early June', 'fair value', 'capital base', '56m shares', 'VG1 portfolio', 'investors’ capital', '3 June', 'VG1.', 'recession', 'sceptics', 'depression', 'showrooms', 'houses', 'country', 'period', 'course', 'inception', 'access', 'ambition', 'annum', 'situations', 'consequence', '27th', 'January', 'letter', 'update', 'summary', 'overview', 'opportunities', 'number', 'missteps', 'order', 'processes', 'years', 'detail', 'relevance', 'shareholders', 'refinement', 'August', '4.5c', 'line', 'April', 'September', 'addition', 'discount', 'greater', 'completion', 'merger', 'opportunity', 'privilege', 'patience', 'support', 'performance', 'focus', 'conviction', 'advantage', 'exposure', 'writing', 'estimate', 'reminder', 'appreciat', '2023', '15']",2023-02-18,2023-02-20,seekingalpha.com
18794,Clearstream,Twitter API,Twitter,@crema_bella @soullrage Check that clearstream link I posted b4. In some  they simply bust the trade the same day.,nan,@crema_bella @soullrage Check that clearstream link I posted b4. In some  they simply bust the trade the same day.,neutral,0.06,0.93,0.01,neutral,0.06,0.93,0.01,True,English,"['clearstream link', 'crema_bella', 'trade', 'clearstream link', 'crema_bella', 'trade']",2023-02-18,2023-02-20,Unknown
18795,Clearstream,Twitter API,Twitter,@livelifelove83 @DavidMurphy27 @GregorRitchie7 @aljwhite Sure. God bless 🙏🏻(though we already have  re Clearstream  bank bail outs etc),nan,@livelifelove83 @DavidMurphy27 @GregorRitchie7 @aljwhite Sure. God bless 🙏🏻(though we already have  re Clearstream  bank bail outs etc),positive,1.0,0.0,0.0,positive,1.0,0.0,0.0,True,English,"['bank bail outs', 'aljwhite Sure', 'livelifelove83', 'DavidMurphy27', 'GregorRitchie7', 'God', 'Clearstream', 'bank bail outs', 'aljwhite Sure', 'livelifelove83', 'DavidMurphy27', 'GregorRitchie7', 'God', 'Clearstream']",2023-02-15,2023-02-20,Unknown
18796,Clearstream,Twitter API,Twitter,@heyhelloirene @GeromanAT Sounds reasonable to me. A Clearstream warning!,nan,@heyhelloirene @GeromanAT Sounds reasonable to me. A Clearstream warning!,negative,0.01,0.09,0.89,negative,0.01,0.09,0.89,True,English,"['Clearstream warning', 'GeromanAT', 'Clearstream warning', 'GeromanAT']",2023-02-15,2023-02-20,Unknown
18797,Clearstream,Twitter API,Twitter,@SanNL11 @CatfishFishy Theyve been using it for years..connect the dots .... D7 .... (Siemens)Clearstream....dec… https://t.co/f5YKookIQ8,nan,@SanNL11 @CatfishFishy Theyve been using it for years..connect the dots .... D7 .... (Siemens)Clearstream....dec… https://t.co/f5YKookIQ8,neutral,0.1,0.89,0.01,neutral,0.1,0.89,0.01,True,English,"['SanNL11', 'years', 'dots', 'D7', 'Siemens', 'Clearstream', 'SanNL11', 'years', 'dots', 'D7', 'Siemens', 'Clearstream']",2023-02-15,2023-02-20,Unknown
18802,Euroclear,NewsApi.org,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/notice-convening-annual-general-meeting-074300480.html,Notice convening the Annual General Meeting of Castellum Aktiebolag,"The shareholders of Castellum Aktiebolag  Reg. No. 556475-5550 (""Castellum"" or the ""Company"") are hereby given notice to attend the Annual General Meeting to...","GOTHENBURG  Sweden  Feb. 20  2023 /PRNewswire/ -- The shareholders of Castellum Aktiebolag  Reg. No. 556475-5550 (""Castellum"" or the ""Company"") are hereby given notice to attend the Annual General Meeting to be held on Thursday  23 March 2023  at 5 p.m. CET at Castellum's head office at Hangövägen 20  floor 4  Stockholm. The entrance opens at 4.30 p.m CET.The Board of Directors has decided  pursuant to Chapter 7  Section 4 a of the Swedish Companies Act (Sw. aktiebolagslagen) and the Company's Articles of Assocation  that shareholders that do not want to  or cannot  attend the Annual General Meeting in person can exercise their voting rights by postal voting. Consequently  shareholders may choose to exercise their voting rights at the Annual General Meeting by attending in person  through a proxy or by postal voting. No beverages or food will be served at the meeting.Notification etc.A) Attending the meeting venue in personA person who wishes to attend the meeting venue in person or by proxy mustbe registered as a shareholder in the share register kept by Euroclear Sweden AB by Wednesday  15 March 2023; andgive notice of participation in the Annual General Meeting no later than Friday  17 March 2023 (preferably before 4 p.m. CET). Notification of participation at the Annual General Meeting can be made by post to Castellum Aktiebolag  c/o Euroclear Sweden AB  Box 191  SE-101 23 Stockholm  by phone at +46 8–401 43 76  or through Euroclear Sweden AB's website  https://anmalan.vpc.se/EuroclearProxy/.The notification must state name/business name  social security number/company registration number  address and telephone number.For those who wish to be represented by a proxy  a written and dated power of attorney signed by the shareholder must be attached to the notification and presented at the meeting. A form of proxy is available on Castellum's website  www.castellum.com. If the shareholder is a legal person  a registration certificate  or if such document does not exist  other corresponding authorisation documentation must be attached.Story continuesB) Participation by postal votingA person who wishes to participate in the Annual General Meeting by postal voting mustbe registered as a shareholder in the share register kept by Euroclear Sweden AB by Wednesday  15 March 2023; andgive notice of participation in the Annual General Meeting no later than Friday  17 March 2023  by submitting a postal voting form in accordance with the instructions below  so that the postal vote is received by Euroclear Sweden AB no later than that day.A person who wishes to attend the meeting venue in person or by proxy  must give notice in accordance with the instructions stated under A) above. Hence  a notice of participation only through postal voting is not sufficient for a person who wishes to attend the meeting venue.A special form shall be used for postal voting. The form is available on the Company's website  www.castellum.com. The completed and signed form may be sent by post to Castellum Aktiebolag  ""Annual General Meeting""  c/o Euroclear Sweden AB  Box 191  SE-101 23 Stockholm  or by email to GeneralMeetingService@euroclear.com (state ""Castellum Aktiebolag – postal voting"" in the subject line). The completed and signed form must be received by Euroclear Sweden AB no later than Friday  17 March 2023. Shareholders may also submit the postal vote electronically by verifying with BankID via Euroclear Sweden AB's website  https://anmalan.vpc.se/EuroclearProxy/.Shareholders may not provide specific instructions or conditions in the voting form. If so  the postal vote  in its entirety  is invalid. Further instructions and conditions are included in the form for postal voting.If the shareholder postal votes by proxy  a written and dated power of attorney signed by the shareholder must be attached to the postal voting form. A form of proxy is available on Castellum's website  www.castellum.com. If the shareholder is a legal person  a registration certificate or other corresponding authorisation document must be attached to the form.Nominee-registered sharesIn order to be entitled to participate in the Annual General Meeting  a shareholder whose shares are registered in the name of a nominee must  in addition to giving notice of participation  register its shares in its own name so that it is registered as a shareholder in the share register kept by Euroclear Sweden AB by Wednesday  15 March 2023. Such registration may be temporary (so-called voting rights registration)  and request for such voting rights registration shall be made to the nominee  in accordance with the nominee's routines  at such a time as decided by the nominee. Voting rights registrations that have been made no later than Friday  17 March 2023 will be taken into account in the presentation of the share register.Right for shareholders to receive informationShareholders are reminded of their right to receive information from the Board of Directors and the Managing Director at the Annual General Meeting in accordance with Chapter 7  Section 32 of the Swedish Companies Act in respect of information regarding circumstances that may affect the assessment of an item on the agenda  circumstances that can affect the assessment of the Company's or its subsidiaries' financial position and the Company's relation to other companies within the group. The Board of Directors and the Managing Director shall provide such information at the Annual General Meeting  provided that they consider that it may be done without significant harm to Castellum. Shareholders wishing to submit questions in advance may do so by sending an email to arsstamma@castellum.se.Items1. Opening of the meeting and election of the Chair of the meeting.2. Preparation and approval of the voting list.3. Approval of the agenda.4. Election of one or two persons to verify the minutes.5. Determination of whether the Annual General Meeting has been duly convened.6. Presentation of(a) the annual accounts and the audit report as well as the consolidated annual accounts and the audit report for the group (b) the auditor's statement regarding the Company's compliance with the guidelines for remuneration to members of the executive management in effect since the previous Annual General Meeting.In connection thereto  presentations by the Chair of the Board of Directors and the Managing Director.7. Resolution to adopt the income statement and the balance sheet as well as the consolidated income statement and the consolidated balance sheet.8. Resolution regarding the allocation of the Company's profit in accordance with the adopted balance sheet.9. Resolution regarding discharge from liability towards the Company in respect of the members of the Board of Directors and the Managing Director.10. Resolution to amend the Articles of Association.11. The Nomination Committee's presentation of its proposals to the Annual General Meeting and the Nomination Committee's statement concerning its proposal regarding the Board of Directors.12. Determination of the number of members of the Board of Directors and auditors and deputy auditors.13. Resolution regarding the remuneration to be paid to the members of the Board of Directors and the auditor.14. Election of members of the Board of Directors and the Chair of the Board of Directors.(a) Per Berggren (Chair)(b) Anna-Karin Celsing(c) Joacim Sjöberg(d) Henrik Käll(e) Leiv Synnes(f) Louise Richnau (new election)(g) Ann-Louise Lökholm-Klasson (new election)15. Election of auditor.16. Resolution on approval of updated instructions for the Nomination Committee.17. Resolution on the approval of the remuneration report.18. Resolution to grant the Board of Directors the authority to resolve on an issue of new shares  either applying or disapplying shareholders' preferential rights.19. Resolution to grant the Board of Directors the authority to resolve on an issue of new shares  applying the shareholders' preferential rights.20. Resolution to grant the Board of Directors the authority to resolve on acquisitions and transfers of the Company's own shares.21. Resolution to reduce the share capital by way of cancellation of own shares.22. Closing of the Annual General Meeting.Resolutions proposed by the Board of DirectorsItem 8 – Resolution regarding the allocation of the Company's profit in accordance with the adopted balance sheet.The Board of Directors proposes that no dividend is distributed and that the retained profit shall be carried forward to the new accounts.Item 10 – Resolution to amend the Articles of Association.For the purpose of adjusting the limits for the share capital and the number of shares in the Articles of Association in light of the Board of Directors' proposal to authorise the Board of Directors to resolve upon a rights issue as set out in item 19 of the notice convening the Annual General Meeting  the Board of Directors proposes to amend § 4 and § 5 in the Articles of Association in accordance with the below. Further  the Board of Directors proposes that § 11 of the Articles of Association is amended so that a General Meeting  in addition to being able to be held in Gothenburg  may also be held in Stockholm.Current wording § 4 Proposed wording § 4 The company's share capital shall be no less than SEK 75 000 000 and no more than SEK 300 000 000. The company's share capital shall be no less than SEK 150 000 000 and no more than SEK 600 000 000. Current wording § 5 Proposed wording § 5 The number of shares shall be no less than 150 000 000 and no more than 600 000 000. The number of shares shall be no less than 300 000 000 and no more than 1 200 000 000. Current wording § 11 Proposed wording § 11 An Annual General Meeting shall be held in Göteborg or Stockholm within six months of the expiry of each financial year. General Meetings shall be held in Gothenburg or Stockholm. An Annual General Meeting shall be held in Göteborg or Stockholm within six months of the expiry of each financial year.Item 17 – Resolution on the approval of the remuneration report.The Board of Directors proposes that the Annual General Meeting resolves to approve the Board of Directors' remuneration report.Item 18 – Resolution to grant the Board of Directors the authority to resolve on an issue of new shares  either applying or disapplying shareholders' preferential rights.The Board of Directors' proposal implies that the Board of Directors shall be authorised to  during the period until the next Annual General Meeting  resolve on new share issues  on one or several occasions  with or without deviation from the shareholders' preferential rights and that shares corresponding to maximum ten per cent (10%) of the Company's share capital as of the date for the first exercise of the authorisation may be issued. Further  the proposal implies that an issue may be made against cash payment  by set-off or by contribution in kind. In case of deviation from the shareholders' preferential rights  shares shall be issued on market terms. The purpose of the Board of Directors' proposal is to (i) enable the Company to completely or partially finance any future real property investments and/or acquisitions of real property companies/businesses by issuing new shares as payment in connection with agreements on acquisition of real property  alternatively to raise capital for such investments and/or acquisitions; and/or (ii) enable the Company to strengthen its financial position and/or create a larger liquidity buffer for financing commitments.Item 19 – Resolution to grant the Board of Directors the authority to resolve on an issue of new shares  applying the shareholders' preferential rights.The Board of Directors' proposal implies that the Board of Directors shall be authorised to  during the period until the next Annual General Meeting  resolve on new share issues  on one or several occasions  with preferential rights for the shareholders  for the purpose of strengthening the Company's financial position. The total number of shares that may be issued by virtue of the authorisation shall amount to the number of shares that corresponds to issue proceeds of approximately SEK 10 billion. Other terms and conditions for the new share issue shall be determined by the Board of Directors.Item 20 – Resolution to grant the Board of Directors the authority to resolve on acquisitions and transfers of the Company's own shares.The Board of Directors' proposal implies that the Board of Directors shall be authorised to  during the period until the next Annual General Meeting  resolve on acquisition on one or several occasions  of the Company's own shares provided that the Company after each acquisition will not hold more than ten per cent (10%) of all the shares in the Company  and to transfer all of the Company's own shares with deviation from the shareholders' preferential rights. The objective of the Board of Directors' proposal is to allow the Company to adapt its capital structure to its capital needs from time to time and thereby contribute to an increased shareholder value  and/or to transfer own shares as payment in order to completely or partially finance any future real property investments and/or acquisitions of real property companies/businesses or by using own shares as payment in connection with agreements on acquisition of real property  alternatively to raise capital for such investments and/or acquisitions. This objective does not allow the Company to trade with its own shares for the short-term purpose of making a profit.Item 21 – Resolution to reduce the share capital by way of cancellation of own shares.The Board of Directors proposes that the Annual General Meeting resolves to reduce the Company's share capital by an amount of SEK 8 665 500 by way of cancellation of the 17 331 000 own shares held by the Company as of the date of this notice. The reduction amount shall be allocated to unrestricted equity.The resolution to reduce the share capital by way of cancellation of own shares is conditional upon the Board of Directors utilising the authorisation proposed to be resolved by the Annual General Meeting in accordance with item 19 of the notice convening the Annual General Meeting.The resolution to reduce the share capital may be carried out without obtaining an authorisation from the Swedish Companies Registration Office  since the resolution will not be executed unless the Company simultaneously carries out a rights issue by means of the Board of Directors' exercise of the authorisation proposed to be resolved upon by the Annual General Meeting as set out in item 19 of the notice convening the Annual General Meeting. This entails that the share capital  after the rights issue  will increase by an amount exceeding the amount that the share capital is being reduced with as set out above. Combined  these measures entail that neither the Company's restricted equity nor its share capital is reduced as a result of the cancellation of own shares.Resolutions proposed by the Nomination CommitteeThe Nomination Committee  consisting of Helen Fasth Gillstedt (Chair of the Nomination Committee) appointed by Handelsbanken Fonder  Ralf Spann appointed by Akelius Residential Property AB (publ)  Patrik Tillman appointed by M2 Asset Management AB and M2 Capital Management AB  Johannes Wingborg appointed by Länsförsäkringar Fondförvaltning AB (publ)  and Per Berggren  Chair of the Board of Directors  has made the following proposals:Item 1 – Election of the Chair of the meeting.The Nomination Committee proposes the attorney Wilhelm Lüning to preside as Chair of the Annual General Meeting.Item 12 – Determination of the number of members of the Board of Directors and auditors and deputy auditors.The Board of Directors is proposed to consist of seven Board members and the number of auditors is proposed to be one with no deputy auditor.Item 13 – Determination of the remuneration to be paid to the members of the Board of Directors and the auditor.Remuneration to the members of the Board of Directors is proposed to be the following (2022 remuneration within brackets).The Chair of the Board of Directors: SEK 1 110 000 (SEK 1 075 000).Each of the other members of the Board of Directors: SEK 450 000 (SEK 440 000).Chair of the People Committee: SEK 100 000 (SEK 100 000).Each of the other members of the People Committee: SEK 75 000 (SEK 75 000).Chair of the Audit Committee: SEK 220 000 (SEK 220 000).Each of the other members of the Audit Committee: SEK 105 000 (SEK 105 000).A member of the Board of Directors who is employed by the Company shall not receive remuneration.It is proposed that the auditor's fee shall be paid upon approval of its invoices.Item 14 – Election of members of the Board of Directors and Chair of the Board of Directors.The existing Board members Per Berggren  Anna-Karin Celsing  Henrik Käll  Joacim Sjöberg and Leiv Synnes are proposed to be re-elected as Board members. Further  Louise Richnau and Ann-Louise Lökholm-Klasson are proposed to be elected as new Board members.Per Berggren is proposed to be elected as Chair of the Board of Directors.Louise Richnau was born in 1966 and has a Master of Science in Engineering from KTH and CEFA and CESGA certificates and has worked in the real estate sector for the last 30 years covering investments  transactions  financing  establishment of new business areas  and sustainability issues. Louise Richnau has previous experience from the AP funds (1-3)  operating in a listed environment (Drott Riks AB) and most recently from the partner owned financial advisor  Nordanö. Louise Richnau has also been responsible for the establishment of Brunswick Real Estate Capital  the first Nordic institutional real estate credit fund (today Niam Credit)  which she left in 2019. Today  Louise Richnau works in her own company  primarily with her own investments  often in an advisory capacity or board assignments. Louise Richnau is also a board member of STING's (Stockholm Innovation & Growth) funds  Sunna Group et al.Ann-Louise Lökholm-Klasson was born in 1971 and has been the CEO of Sweco Sverige AB since 2018. Sweco is the leading engineering and architecture consultancy firm in Europe  with more than 6 000 experts in social development in Sweden. Ann-Louise has a background of being manager and leader at Ericsson and has held various senior positions within the Sweco Group. Among other things  she has been responsible for acquisition integration  thereby leading the integration of several acquisitions. She has also been a manager for facility and installation services in real estate and thus possesses knowledge of how digital services to real estate companies can lead to lower carbon footprints  more efficient use of buildings and lower management costs. Ann-Louise sits on the Board of Innovation Businesses  Bemsiq and has previously served on the Board of the Swedish Green Building Council from 2014–2019.More information concerning all members proposed for re-election and new election is available on the Company's website  www.castellum.com.Item 15 – Election of auditor.Ahead of the Annual General Meeting 2023  the Audit Committee has carried out a procurement of audit firms and in accordance with the Audit Committee's recommendation  Deloitte is proposed for re-election as Castellum's auditor until the end of the Annual General Meeting 2024. Deloitte has announced that if the Annual General Meeting resolves to elect Deloitte as auditor  Harald Jagner will continue as the main responsible auditor.Item 16 – Resolution on approval of updated instructions for the Nomination Committee.The Nomination Committee proposes that the following instructions for the Nomination Committee shall be approved by the Annual General Meeting.The instructions for the Nomination Committee shall apply until a resolution regarding change of the procedure for nominating the Nomination Committee is resolved by the General Meeting.General information about the Nomination Committee1. Under the Swedish Corporate Governance Code (the ""Code"")  companies that are listed on a regulated market shall have a Nomination Committee that represents the company's shareholders. The Nomination Committee is thus the body of the General Meeting for the preparation of certain appointment decisions to be taken by the General Meeting.2. Under the Code  the Nomination Committee shall prepare proposals on the matters set out below to be resolved upon at the Annual General Meeting (if applicable  at an Extraordinary General Meeting):a) proposal for Chair of the General Meeting b) proposal for the number of members of the Board of Directors c) proposal for members of the Board of Directors d) proposal for Chair of the Board of Directors e) proposal for remuneration to the members of the Board of Directors  distributed between the Chair of the Board of Directors and other members of the Board of Directors and remuneration for committee work f) proposal for remuneration to the Company's auditors g) proposal for auditors  andh) if relevant  proposal for any changes to the instructions for the Nomination Committee.3. The appointed Nomination Committee shall serve as the Nomination Committee until a new Nomination Committee has been appointed.4. No remuneration shall be paid to the members of the Nomination Committee.5. At the request of the Nomination Committee  Castellum shall provide the Nomination Committee with personnel resources  such as secretarial services  in order to facilitate the work of the Nomination Committee. Furthermore  the Company shall bear reasonable costs  e.g. for external consultants  which the Nomination Committee deems necessary in order to fulfil the Nomination Committee's assignments.Composition of the Nomination Committee1. The Nomination Committee shall be appointed by the Chairman of the Board of Directors contacting the four largest shareholders (in terms of voting rights)  registered in the share register kept by Euroclear Sweden AB as per the last business day in August each year or the largest otherwise known shareholders  and asking them to appoint one member each to the Nomination Committee. Should such a shareholder not wish to appoint a member  the next largest registered shareholder in terms of voting rights or otherwise known shareholders shall be asked  and so on.2. A major shareholder or group of shareholders shall be entitled to appoint one but not more members of the Nomination Committee. If the Chairman of the Board of Directors of the Company is employed by or is otherwise not independent in relation to one of the shareholders that is entitled to appoint a member of the Nomination Committee  that shareholder shall not have the right to appoint a member. In such an event  the Chairman of the Company's Board of Directors shall then be deemed to be appointed by that shareholder.3. The appointed members  together with the Chairman of the Board of Directors of the Company  who is the convening member  shall constitute the Nomination Committee. The names of the members of the Nomination Committee and the names of the shareholders by whom they have been appointed shall be announced no later than six months prior to each Annual General Meeting.4. Unless the members of the Nomination Committee have agreed otherwise  the member appointed by the largest shareholder shall be the Chairman of the Nomination Committee. The Chairman of the Nomination Committee shall have the casting vote in the event that votes are equal.5. A member of the Nomination Committee shall  before accepting the assignment  carefully consider whether any conflict of interest or other circumstance exists that makes it inappropriate to serve on the Nomination Committee.6. The members of the Nomination Committee are subject to a confidentiality obligation regarding Castellum's business and this obligation shall  at the Company's request  be confirmed by the members by signing a confidentiality undertaking.Changes to the composition of the Nomination Committee1. If  more than two months prior to the Annual General Meeting  a new shareholder passes (in terms of voting rights) one of the shareholders in the list of shareholders that have appointed a member of the Nomination Committee  this shareholder may contact the Chairman of the Nomination Committee and request the appointment of a member of the Nomination Committee. In such an event  the member appointed by the shareholder with the lowest number of votes shall resign from the Nomination Committee.2. If a shareholder who has appointed a member of the Nomination Committee has disposed a significant proportion of its shareholding  so that it is no longer one of the four largest shareholders (in terms of voting rights) more than two months prior to the Annual General Meeting  the appointed member shall make its seat available. The Chairman of the Nomination Committee shall then contact the largest shareholder in terms of voting rights who has not previously been offered a seat. If the latter does not wish to appoint a member  the matter shall be passed on to the next shareholder in line  and so on.3. Shareholders who have appointed a member to the Nomination Committee shall be entitled to dismiss such member and appoint a new representative as a member of the Nomination Committee.4. Changes to the composition of the Nomination Committee shall be announced as soon as they occur.Other informationNumber of shares and votesAt the date of this notice  there are in total 345 731 968 shares and votes in the Company  of which the Company holds 17 331 000 own shares.Majority rulesResolutions in accordance with the Board of Directors' proposals regarding items 10  18  20 and 21 of the agenda are only valid if supported by shareholders holding at least two thirds (2/3) of both the votes cast as well as the shares represented at the Annual General Meeting.DocumentationThe annual accounts  the audit report and the Board of Directors' remuneration report pursuant to Chapter 8  Section 53 a of the Swedish Companies Act will be available at the Company's head offices at Hangövägen 20  floor 4  Stockholm and Östra Hamngatan 16  Gothenburg  and on the Company's website  www.castellum.com  in connection with the disclosure of the Company's annual report on 28 February 2023. The auditor's statement according to item 6 (b)  as well as other proposals  and related documents  regarding item 10 and items 18-21 will be available at the Company's head offices (please see the adresses above) and on the Company's website no later than 2 March 2023. As to other proposals  complete proposals can be found under each item in this notice.The Nomination Committee's complete proposal for resolutions  including a proposal for updated instructions for the Nomination Committee  information regarding the proposed Board members  its statement concerning the Nomination Committee's proposal regarding the Board of Directors and report on the Nomination Committee's work can be found on the Company's website  www.castellum.com.The documents are considered presented by being held available at the Company's head offices and on the Company's website  www.castellum.com. The above documents will  as from the day they are available  be sent to shareholders  who have stated their postal address  upon request.Processing of personal dataFor information on how your personal data is processed  see https://www.euroclear.com/dam/ESwithLegal/Privacy-notice-bolagsstammor-engelska.pdf.Gothenburg in February 2023CASTELLUM AKTIEBOLAGThe Board of DirectorsFor further information  please contact:Anna-Karin Nyman  Communications Director  Castellum AB  arsstamma@castellum.seThe following files are available for download:https://mb.cision.com/Main/8364/3717581/1859200.pdf Notice convening the Annual General Meeting of Castellum AktiebolagCisionView original content:https://www.prnewswire.co.uk/news-releases/notice-convening-the-annual-general-meeting-of-castellum-aktiebolag-301750546.html",neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,mixed,0.27,0.15,0.58,True,English,"['Annual General Meeting', 'Castellum Aktiebolag', 'Notice', 'other corresponding authorisation documentation', 'Hangövägen 20', 'Swedish Companies Act', 'social security number', 'Euroclear Sweden AB', 'Annual General Meeting', 'Voting rights registrations', 'company registration number', 'postal voting form', 'telephone number', 'meeting venue', 'registration certificate', 'Such registration', 'postal vote', 'head office', 'Sw. aktiebolagslagen', 'share register', 'dated power', 'subject line', 'Managing Director', 'special form', 'specific instructions', 'Further instructions', 'Castellum Aktiebolag', 'business name', 'Nominee-registered shares', 'legal person', 'GOTHENBURG', 'Feb.', 'PRNewswire', 'shareholders', 'Reg.', 'notice', 'Thursday', 'March', 'CET', 'floor', 'Stockholm', 'entrance', 'Board', 'Directors', 'Chapter', 'Section', 'Articles', 'Assocation', 'proxy', 'beverages', 'food', 'Notification', 'Wednesday', 'participation', 'Friday', 'Box', 'SE-101', 'website', 'address', 'written', 'attorney', 'Story', 'accordance', 'email', 'GeneralMeetingService', 'BankID', 'vpc', 'conditions', 'entirety', 'order', 'addition', 'request', 'routines', 'time', 'account', 'presentation', 'information', '5', '4.30']",2023-02-20,2023-02-20,finance.yahoo.com
18803,Euroclear,NewsApi.org,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/convening-notice-extraordinary-general-meeting-074400893.html,CONVENING NOTICE - EXTRAORDINARY GENERAL MEETING IN IMMUNOVIA AB (publ),"Immunovia AB (publ)  reg. no. 556730-4299  hereby gives notice that an Extraordinary General Meeting (""EGM"") will take place on Thursday 16th March 2023 at...","LUND  Sweden  Feb. 20  2023 /PRNewswire/ -- Immunovia AB (publ)  reg. no. 556730-4299  hereby gives notice that an Extraordinary General Meeting (""EGM"") will take place on Thursday 16th March 2023 at 10.00 at The Spark  Scheeletorget 1  Medicon Village  in Lund. Registration to the EGM starts at 09:45.Pursuant to section 9 of Immunovia AB's articles of association  the board has resolved that shareholders may exercise their voting rights at the EGM by post. Shareholders may therefore choose to exercise their voting rights in person at the meeting  by proxy or through advance voting via regular mail or e-mail.Preconditions for participationA shareholder who wishes to participate in the EGM must (i) be recorded in the share register prepared by Euroclear Sweden AB relating to the circumstances on 8th March 2023  and (ii) notify its intention to participate in the EGM no later than 10th March 2023  either by post to ""Bolagsstämma""  Immunovia AB  Scheelevägen 2  223 63 Lund  Sweden or via email to bolagsstamma@immunovia.com  or by casting an advance vote in accordance with what is set out below no later than 10th March 2023. A participation notice shall contain name and personal identity number or corporate registration number  address  telephone number  registered shareholding in Immunovia AB and number of attending assistants  if any (not more than 2).To be entitled to participate in the EGM  a shareholder whose shares are held in the name of a nominee must register its shares in its own name so that the shareholder is recorded in the share register as of 8th March 2023. Such registration may be temporary (so-called voting right registration) and is requested from the nominee in accordance with the nominee's procedures and such time in advance as the nominee determines. Voting right registrations completed no later than 10th March 2023 will be taken into account when preparing the register of shareholders.Advance voting via regular mail or e-mailThe shareholders may also exercise their voting rights at the EGM by voting in advance  so-called postal voting. A special form shall be used for advance voting  which once completed and signed shall be sent to the company either by post to ""Bolagsstämma""  Immunovia AB  Scheelevägen 2  223 63 Lund  Sweden or via email to bolagsstamma@immunovia.com. The voting form will be available at the company's website https://immunovia.com/sv/bolagsstamma/  and will be sent to shareholders who so request. The voting form must be received by the company no later than 10th March 2023. The shareholder may not provide special instructions or conditions in the voting form. If so  the vote (i.e. the advance vote in its entirety) is invalid. Further instructions and conditions are included in the voting form. Submission of a voting form is considered as a notification of participation.Story continuesAuthorisation documentsShareholders who are represented by proxy must issue a written  dated proxy for the representative. Such proxy forms are available at https://immunovia.com/sv/bolagsstamma/. The proxy should be sent to the company in accordance with the above  together with the participation notice or with the advance notice form. If the proxy is issued by a legal entity  a copy of the certificate of registration or an equivalent certificate of authority must be submitted to the company.Proposed agenda1. Opening of the meeting and election of a chairman for the meeting2. Preparation and approval of voting list3. Election of person(s) to approve the minutes4. Determination of whether the meeting has been duly convened5. Approval of the agenda6. Resolution regarding approval of the board's resolution of a share issue with preferential rights for existing shareholders7. Closing of the meetingThe board's resolution proposals at Immunovia AB's Extraordinary General Meeting  2023-03-16§ 1 Opening of the meeting and election of a chairman for the meetingThe board proposes that the chairman of the board  Carl Borrebaeck  should be elected as chairman for the meeting or  if he is not able to participate at the meeting  another person proposed by the board.§ 6 Resolution regarding approval of the board's resolution of a share issue new shares with preferential rights for existing shareholdersThe board proposes that the EGM approves the resolution of the board on 20 February 2023 to increase the company's share capital with not more than SEK 1 508 772.00  through a issuance of not more than 30 175 440 new shares with preferential rights for existing shareholders (the ""Rights Issue"") in accordance with the following terms. The purpose with the Rights Issue is  among other things  to finance the company's accelerated commercial roll-out of IMMray® PanCan-d  research and development and financing of the business including general ongoing costs in accordance with the company's communicated strategy.The right to subscribe for the new shares with pre-emption right shall be granted those which on the record day for the Rights Issue are registered as shareholders in the company. Holding of one (1) share entitles to one (1) subscription right. Three (3) subscription rights entitles the holder to subscribe for four (4) new shares.In the event that not all shares are subscribed for with subscription rights  the board of directors shall  within the Rights Issue's maximum amount  resolve on the allotment of shares subscribed for without the support of subscription rights  whereby allotment shall be made according to the following allotment principles: (i) firstly  allotment shall be made to those who have subscribed for shares on the basis of subscription rights  regardless of whether the subscriber was a shareholder on the record date or not  pro rata in relation to the number of subscription rights used for subscription and  to the extent that this cannot be done  through the drawing of lots  (ii) secondly  allotment shall be made to others who have signed up for subscription without the support of subscription rights. In the event that these cannot receive full allotment  allotment shall be made pro rata in proportion to the number of shares which subscription have been applied for by each and  to the extent that this cannot be done  through the drawing of lots  (iii) thirdly and finally  any remaining shares shall be allotted to the parties that guaranteed the Rights Issue  in accordance with to the guarantee commitments made.The record date for obtaining subscription rights and participating in the Rights Issue shall be 21 March 2023. Subscription of new shares with subscription rights shall be made by cash payment during the period from and including 23 March 2023 to and including 6 April 2023. Application to subscribe for new shares without subscription rights shall be made on a separate application form during the same period as subscription with preferential rights. Subscription of new shares subscribed for without pre-emptive rights (including those who have guaranteed the Rights Issue) shall be made through a subscription list up until and including 12 April 2023. Payment for new shares subscribed for without pre-emptive rights (including those who have guaranteed the Rights Issue) shall be made in cash no later than 17 April 2023. The board of directors shall have the right to extend the subscription period and postpone the date for payment.The new shares shall be issued to a subscription price per share of SEK 6.70. The part of the subscription price which exceeds the shares' quota value shall be allocated to the free share premium reserve.The new shares entitle to dividends for the first time on the first record date for dividend that take place after the Rights Issue has been registered with the Swedish Companies Registration Office and been recorded in the share register kept by Euroclear Sweden AB.The board of directors  or any person they appoint  shall be authorized to make such minor adjustments of the general meetings resolution as might be necessary in connection with registration with the Swedish Companies Registration Office and Euroclear Sweden AB.Number of shares and votesAs per the date of this notice  there are a total of 22 631 581 shares in the company  each share representing one vote. The company does not hold any of its own shares.DocumentsDocumentation in accordance with Chapter 13  Section 6 of the Swedish Companies Act will be available at the company's address as stated above and on the company's website https://immunovia.com/sv/bolagsstamma/ no later than three weeks prior to the EGM. Further  the proxy form and the voting form are kept available in the same way. Copies of the documents will be sent upon request to shareholders providing their address to the company.Information at the EGMThe board shall  if any shareholder so requests and the board believe that it can be done without material harm to the company  provide information regarding circumstances that may affect the assessment of an item on the agenda and the company's relation to other companies within the group.Processing of personal dataFor information on how your personal data is processed  see the privacy notice available on Euroclear's webpage  www.euroclear.com/dam/ESwithLegal/Privacy-notice-bolagsstammor-engelska.pdf.Lund in February 2023Immunovia AB (publ)The board of directorsFor more information  please contact:Philipp Mathieu CEO and Presidentphilipp.mathieu@immunovia.comKarin Almqvist LiwendahlChief Financial Officerkarin.almqvist.liwendahl@immunovia.com+46 709 11 56 08About ImmunoviaImmunovia is a diagnostic company with the vision to revolutionize blood-based diagnostics and increase survival rates for patients with cancer.Our first product  IMMray™ PanCan-d is the only blood test currently available specifically for the early detection of pancreatic cancer. The test has unmatched clinical performance. Commercialization of IMMray™ PanCan-d started in August 2021 in the USA and IMMray™ PanCan-d is offered as a laboratory developed test (LDT) exclusively through Immunovia  Inc. For more information see: www.immunoviainc.com.Immunovia collaborates and engages with healthcare providers  leading experts and patient advocacy groups globally to make this test available to all high-risk pancreatic cancer groups.The USA  the first market in which IMMray™ PanCan-d is commercially available  is the world's largest market for the detection of pancreatic cancer with an estimated value of more than USD 4 billion annually.Immunovia's shares (IMMNOV) are listed on Nasdaq Stockholm. For more information  please visit www.immunovia.comThe following files are available for download:https://mb.cision.com/Main/13121/3718473/1859157.pdf Press release (PDF)CisionView original content:https://www.prnewswire.co.uk/news-releases/convening-notice---extraordinary-general-meeting-in-immunovia-ab-publ-301750547.html",positive,0.51,0.46,0.03,mixed,0.57,0.15,0.28,True,English,"['EXTRAORDINARY GENERAL MEETING', 'CONVENING NOTICE', 'IMMUNOVIA AB', 'general ongoing costs', 'personal identity number', 'Thursday 16th March', 'Extraordinary General Meeting', 'corporate registration number', 'Such proxy forms', 'Euroclear Sweden AB', 'voting right registration', 'advance notice form', 'Such registration', 'telephone number', '8th March', '10th March', 'special form', 'voting form', 'Immunovia AB', 'The Spark', 'Medicon Village', 'Bolagsstämma', 'Scheelevägen', 'registered shareholding', 'attending assistants', 'right registrations', 'special instructions', 'Further instructions', 'Authorisation documents', 'legal entity', 'preferential rights', 'Carl Borrebaeck', 'Rights Issue', 'following terms', 'other things', 'commercial roll-out', 'IMMray® PanCan-d', 'emption right', 'record day', 'voting rights', 'postal voting', 'voting list', 'share issue', 'share capital', 'Advance voting', 'new shares', 'regular mail', 'participation notice', 'equivalent certificate', 'share register', 'advance vote', 'existing shareholders', 'resolution proposals', 'LUND', 'Feb.', 'publ', 'EGM', 'place', 'Scheeletorget', 'section', 'articles', 'association', 'board', 'Preconditions', 'circumstances', 'intention', 'email', 'bolagsstamma', 'accordance', 'name', 'address', 'nominee', 'procedures', 'time', 'account', 'company', 'website', 'entirety', 'Submission', 'notification', 'Story', 'representative', 'copy', 'authority', 'agenda', 'Opening', 'election', 'chairman', 'Preparation', 'approval', 'minutes', 'Determination', 'Closing', '20 February', 'SEK', 'issuance', 'purpose', 'research', 'development', 'financing', 'business', 'strategy', '4.', '§']",2023-02-20,2023-02-20,finance.yahoo.com
18804,Euroclear,NewsApi.org,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/notice-convening-annual-general-meeting-072400418.html,Notice convening the Annual General Meeting of AB Electrolux,The shareholders of AB Electrolux  reg. no. 556009-4178  are hereby given notice of the Annual General Meeting to be held on Wednesday  March 29  2023 at...,"STOCKHOLM  Feb. 20  2023 /PRNewswire/ -- The shareholders of AB Electrolux  reg. no. 556009-4178  are hereby given notice of the Annual General Meeting to be held on Wednesday  March 29  2023 at 4.00 p.m. (CET) at Münchenbryggeriet  Torkel Knutssonsgatan 2  Stockholm  Sweden. Admission and registration will commence at 3.15 p.m. (CET).The Board of Directors has decided that the shareholders also shall be able to exercise their voting rights by postal voting before the Annual General Meeting  as instructed below.The Annual General Meeting will also be webcasted live via the Group's website  www.electroluxgroup.com/agm2023.The Annual General Meeting will be conducted in Swedish and simultaneously translated into English.Registration and notificationParticipation at the meeting venueA person who wishes to participate at the meeting venue   in person or by proxy  mustbe listed as a shareholder in the presentation of the share register prepared by Euroclear Sweden AB concerning the circumstances on Tuesday  March 21  2023; andgive notice of its participation no later than Thursday  March 23  2023The notification must include the shareholder's name  personal or corporate identification number  address and telephone number  and any assistants. If a shareholder is represented by proxy  a written and dated power of attorney signed by the shareholder shall be issued for the representative. In order to facilitate registration at the Annual General Meeting  the power of attorney should be sent to the company in advance to the address above. Proxy forms are available on the Group's website www.electroluxgroup.com/agm2023 and are also provided by the company upon request. If the shareholder is a legal entity  a registration certificate or other supporting document which shows the authorized signatory  should be sent to the address stated above prior to the meeting.Story continuesPostal votingA person who wishes to participate in the Annual General Meeting by postal voting mustbe listed as a shareholder in the presentation of the share register prepared by Euroclear Sweden AB concerning the circumstances on Tuesday  March 21  2023; andgive notice of its participation no later than Thursday  March 23  2023  by casting its postal vote in accordance with the instructions below so that the postal voting form is received by Euroclear Sweden AB no later than that day.A person who wishes to attend the meeting venue in person or by proxy  must give notice in accordance with the instructions listed under ""Participation at the meeting venue"" above. Hence  a notice of participation only through postal voting is not sufficient for a shareholder who wishes to attend the meeting venue.A special form shall be used for postal voting. The form for postal voting is available at the Group's website www.electroluxgroup.com/agm2023 and will be provided by the company upon request. In case of postal voting only  no separate notification of participation in the Annual General Meeting is required.The completed and signed form must be sent by post to AB Electrolux (publ)  c/o Euroclear Sweden AB  Box 191  SE-101 23 Stockholm  Sweden or by e-mail to GeneralMeetingService@euroclear.com. Shareholders may also cast their votes electronically through verification with BankID via Euroclear Sweden AB's website https://anmalan.vpc.se/EuroclearProxy/. The postal vote must be received by Euroclear Sweden AB no later than Thursday  March 23  2023.If the shareholder submits its postal vote by proxy  a written and dated power of attorney signed by the shareholder must be attached to the form. Proxy forms are available on the Group's website www.electroluxgroup.com/agm2023 and are also provided by the company upon request. If the shareholder is a legal entity  a registration certificate or other supporting document which shows the authorized signatory must be attached to the form.The shareholder may not provide specific instructions or conditions to the postal vote. If so  the vote (i.e. the postal vote in its entirety) is invalid. Further instructions and conditions are included in the form for postal voting and at https://anmalan.vpc.se/EuroclearProxy/.Shares registered in the name of a nomineeIn order to be entitled to participate in the meeting  a shareholder whose shares are registered in the name of a nominee must  in addition to giving notice of participation in the Annual General Meeting  register its shares in its own name so that the shareholder is listed in the presentation of the share register as of the record date Tuesday  March 21  2023. Such re-registration may be temporary (so-called voting rights registration)  and request for such voting rights registration shall be made to the nominee  in accordance with the nominee's routines  at such time in advance as decided by the nominee. Voting rights registrations that have been made by the nominee no later than Thursday  March 23  2023 will be taken into account in the presentation of the share register.Agenda1. Election of Chairman of the General Meeting.2. Preparation and approval of the voting list.3. Approval of the agenda.4. Election of two minutes-checkers.5. Determination as to whether the meeting has been properly convened.6. Presentation of the Annual Report and the Audit Report as well as the Consolidated Accounts and the Audit Report for the Group.7. Presentation by the President and CEO  Jonas Samuelson.8. Resolution on adoption of the Income Statement and the Balance Sheet as well as the Consolidated Income Statement and the Consolidated Balance Sheet.9. Resolution on discharge from liability of the Directors and the President for 2022.10. Resolution on dispositions in respect of the company's profit or loss pursuant to the adopted Balance Sheet.11. Determination of the number of Directors and Deputy Directors.12. Determination of fees to the Board of Directors and the Auditor.13. Election of Board of Directors and Chairman of the Board of Directors.a. Election of Staffan Bohman as Director. (re-election)b. Election of Petra Hedengran as Director. (re-election)c. Election of Henrik Henriksson as Director. (re-election)d. Election of Ulla Litzén as Director. (re-election)e. Election of Karin Overbeck as Director. (re-election)f. Election of Fredrik Persson as Director. (re-election)g. Election of David Porter as Director. (re-election)h. Election of Jonas Samuelson as Director. (re-election)i. Election of Staffan Bohman as Chairman. (re-election)14. Election of Auditor. (re-election)15. Resolution on approval of Remuneration Report.16. Resolutions ona. acquisition of own shares;b. transfer of own shares on account of company acquisitions; andc. transfer of own shares on account of the share program for 2021.17. Resolutions ona. implementation of a performance based  long-term share program for 2023; andb. transfer of own shares to the participants in the long-term share program for 2023.18. Closing of the meeting.Item 1 – Chairman of the MeetingThe Electrolux Nomination Committee  consisting of the Chairman Johan Forssell (Investor AB) and the members Carina Silberg (Alecta)  Sussi Kvart (Handelsbanken Funds)  Tomas Risbecker (AMF Tjänstepension och Fonder)  Staffan Bohman and Fredrik Persson (Chairman and Director  respectively  of the Board of Directors of the company)  proposes:Björn Kristiansson  member of the Swedish Bar Association  as chairman of the Annual General Meeting.Item 2 – Preparation and approval of the voting listThe voting list proposed to be approved is the voting list prepared by Euroclear Sweden AB on behalf of the company  based on the General Meeting share register  shareholders having given notice of participation and being present at the meeting venue  and received postal votes.Item 10 – Dispositions in respect of the company's profit or loss pursuant to the adopted Balance SheetThe Board of Directors proposes that no dividend shall be distributed for the fiscal year 2022 and that available funds will be carried forward in the new accounts.Item 11 – Number of Directors and Deputy DirectorsThe Nomination Committee proposes:Eight Directors and no Deputy Directors.Item 12 – Fees to the Board of Directors and the AuditorThe Nomination Committee proposes fees as follows to Directors not employed by Electrolux:SEK 2 475 000 to the Chairman of the Board of Directors and SEK 720 000 to each of the other Directors appointed by the Annual General Meeting;for committee work  to the members who are appointed by the Board of Directors: SEK 310 000 to the Chairman of the Audit Committee and SEK 195 000 to each of the other members of the Audit Committee and SEK 180 000 to the Chairman of the People Committee and SEK 125 000 to each of the other members of the People Committee; andSEK 60 000 to the members who are appointed by the Board of Directors to participate in any other committee established by the Board of Directors.The Nomination Committee also proposes that the Auditor's fee be paid as incurred  for the Auditor's term of office  on approved account.Item 13 – Election of the Board of Directors and Chairman of the BoardThe Nomination Committee proposes:Re-election of Directors Staffan Bohman  Petra Hedengran  Henrik Henriksson  Ulla Litzén  Karin Overbeck  Fredrik Persson  David Porter and Jonas Samuelson.Re-election of Staffan Bohman as Chairman of the Board of Directors.Item 14 – Election of AuditorThe Nomination Committee proposes  in accordance with the recommendation by the Audit Committee  re-election of the audit firm PricewaterhouseCoopers AB as the company's auditor for the period until the end of the 2024 Annual General Meeting.Item 16 – Resolutions on a) acquisition of own shares  b) transfer of own shares on account of company acquisitions  and c) transfer of own shares on account of the share program for 2021Electrolux has previously  on the basis of authorizations by the Annual General Meetings  acquired own shares for the purpose of using these shares to finance potential company acquisitions  as a hedge for the company's share related incentive programs as well as to be able to adapt the company's capital structure  thereby contributing to increased shareholder value.The Board of Directors makes the assessment that it continues to be advantageous for the company to be able to continue to use repurchased shares on account of potential company acquisitions  the company's share related incentive programs as well as to adapt the company's capital structure  thereby contributing to increased shareholder value. Even though the Board of Directors currently has no intention to exercise an authorization to acquire additional own shares  the Board of Directors proposes the authorization is to be renewed as an authorization is valid until the following Annual General Meeting. The Board of Directors would then be able to decide to repurchase own shares  if the conditions are appropriate and the Board of Directors were to find it would be in the best interests of the company and the shareholders.In view of the above  the Board of Directors proposes as follows.16 a) Acquisition of own sharesThe Board of Directors proposes the Annual General Meeting to authorize the Board of Directors  for the period until the next Annual General Meeting on one or several occasions  to resolve on acquisitions of shares in the company as follows.The company may acquire as a maximum so many shares of series B that  following each acquisition  the company holds at a maximum 10 per cent of all shares issued by the company. The shares may be acquired on Nasdaq Stockholm. Acquisition of shares may only be made at a price per share within the prevailing price interval for the share from time to time. Payment for the shares shall be made in cash.The purpose of the proposal is to be able to use repurchased shares on account of potential company acquisitions  the company's share related incentive programs as well as to be able to adapt the company's capital structure  thereby contributing to increased shareholder value.The Board of Directors has issued a statement pursuant to Chapter 19  Section 22 of the Swedish Companies Act.16 b) Transfer of own shares on account of company acquisitionsThe Board of Directors proposes the Annual General Meeting to authorize the Board of Directors  for the period until the next Annual General Meeting on one or several occasions  to resolve on transfers of the company's own shares in connection with or as a consequence of company acquisitions as follows.Own shares of series B held by the company at the time of the Board of Director's decision may be transferred. The shares may be transferred with deviation from the shareholders' preferential rights. Transfer of shares may be made at a minimum price per share corresponding to an amount in close connection with the price of the company's shares on Nasdaq Stockholm at the time of the decision on the transfer. Payment for the transferred shares may be made in cash  by contributions in kind or by a set-off of company debt.16 c) Transfer of own shares on account of the share program for 2021The Board of Directors proposes  on account of the share program for 2021  that the Annual General Meeting resolves that the company shall be entitled  for the period until the next Annual General Meeting on one or several occasions  to transfer a maximum of 1 544 925 shares of series B in the company for the purpose of covering costs  including social security charges  that may arise as a result of the aforementioned program. Such transfers may take place on Nasdaq Stockholm at a price within the prevailing price interval from time to time.Majority requirementIn order for the resolutions by the General Meeting in accordance with the Board of Directors' proposals under items 16 a)  b)  and c) above to be valid  the resolutions must be accepted by shareholders holding no less than two thirds of the votes cast as well as the shares represented at the General Meeting.Item 17 – Resolutions on a) implementation of a performance based  long-term share program for 2023  and b) transfer of own shares to the participants in the long-term share program for 2023BackgroundThe Board of Directors has decided to propose a long-term incentive program for 2023 (the ""Share Program 2023""). The Board is convinced that the proposed program will be beneficial to the company's shareholders as it will contribute to the possibilities to recruit and retain competent employees  is expected to increase the commitment and the motivation of the program participants and will strengthen the participants' ties to the Electrolux Group and its shareholders.Proposals of the Board of DirectorsThe Board of Directors proposes that the Annual General Meeting resolves a) to implement Share Program 2023  and b) to transfer own shares  free of consideration  to the participants in Share Program 2023.17 a) Implementation of Share Program 2023The Board of Directors proposes  in view of the above  that the Annual General Meeting resolves to implement Share Program 2023 with the following principal terms and conditions:a. The program is proposed to include up to 900 senior managers and key employees of the Electrolux Group  who are divided into seven groups; the President and CEO (""Group 1"")  other members of Group Management (""Group 2"")  and five additional groups for other senior managers and key employees (""Group 3-7""). Invitation to participate in the program shall be provided by Electrolux no later than on May 16  2023.b. Participants are offered to be allocated Performance Shares  provided that the participant remains employed until January 1  2026. Exemptions to this requirement may be prescribed in specific cases  including a participant's death  disability  retirement or the divestiture through a sale  spin-off or otherwise of the participant's employing company from the Electrolux Group.c. The Performance Shares shall be based on maximum performance values for each participant category. The maximum performance value for the participants in Group 1 will be 100 per cent of the participant's annual base salary for 2023  for participants in Group 2  90 per cent of the participant's annual base salary for 2023  for participants in Group 3  80 per cent of the participant's annual base salary for 2023  for participants in Group 4  60 per cent of the participant's annual base salary for 2023  for participants in Group 5  50 per cent of the participant's annual base salary for 2023  for participants in Group 6  40 per cent of the participant's annual base salary for 2023  and for participants in Group 7  20 per cent of the participant's annual base salary for 2023. The total sum of the maximum values of the Performance Shares thus defined for all participants will not exceed SEK 583m excluding social costs.d. Each maximum value shall thereafter be converted into a maximum number of Performance Shares1   based on the average closing price paid for Electrolux shares of series B on Nasdaq Stockholm during a period of ten trading days before the day the participants are invited to participate in the program  reduced by the present value of estimated dividend payments for the period until shares are allotted.e. The calculation of the number of Performance Shares shall be connected to performance targets for the Group  for the performance period  established by the Board for (i) cumulative earnings per share2 and (ii) CO 2 reduction3. The performance targets adopted by the Board will stipulate a minimum level and a maximum level  with the relative weight of the performance targets (i) and (ii) being 80 per cent and 20 per cent respectively. For the participants in Group 1 and 2 (Group Management)  the granted Performance Shares based on (i) and (ii) will be multiplied by 0.75-1.25 depending on the outcome of a relative total shareholder return target4. The performance period is the financial years 2023-2025 with respect to each of the performance targets.f. Performance outcome of the established performance targets will be determined by the Board after the expiry of the three-year performance period in 2026. If the maximum performance level is reached or exceeded  the allocation will amount to (and will not exceed) the maximum number of Performance Shares following from items c) and d). If performance is below the maximum level but exceeds the minimum level  a proportionate allocation of shares will be made. No allocation will be made if performance amounts to or is below the minimum level. Information on the performance targets and the outcome will be provided no later than in connection with the allocation of Performance Shares in accordance with item g).g. If all conditions in the Share Program 2023 are met  allocation of Performance Shares will take place in the first half of 2026. Allocation will be free of charge except for tax liabilities.h. Certain deviations in or adjustments of the terms and conditions for the Share Program 2023 may be made based on local rules and regulations as well as applicable market practice or market conditions or where appropriate due to group re-organizations  including cash settlement instead of delivery of shares under certain circumstances.i. The Board of Directors  or a committee established by the Board for these purposes  shall be responsible for the preparation and management of the Share Program 2023  within the framework of the aforementioned terms and conditions.j. If material changes would occur within the Electrolux Group or on the market that  according to the Board's assessment  would lead to the conditions for allocation of Performance Shares no longer being reasonable  the Board will have the right to make also other adjustments of the Share Program 2023  including e.g. a right to resolve on a reduced allotment of shares.Costs for the Share Program 2023The total costs for the Share Program 2023 if the maximum number of Performance Shares are delivered  are estimated to a maximum of SEK 639m  which corresponds to approximately 3.1 per cent of total employment cost for 2022. The costs will be recognized over the years 2023-2025. The costs have been calculated as the sum of salary costs  including social costs  and administration costs for the program. Administration costs are estimated to be less than SEK 1m. If no allotment of shares is made  only administration costs will arise.The costs have been calculated based on the value  at the start of the program  of the Performance Shares that may be allotted at maximum performance  with a reduction of the present value of estimated dividend payments during a three-year period. The estimate on maximum costs assumes maximum performance and that the number of participants that will leave the Group during the performance period is the same as the historical average since the introduction of share programs in 2004. In the calculation  a maximum share price of SEK 247 per share has been applied.If repurchased own shares would be allocated under the program the number of outstanding shares is estimated to increase with not more than 3 965 000 shares of series B.5 Such maximum increase would have a dilutive effect on earnings per share of approximately 1.38 per cent. The total maximum increase in the number of outstanding shares of all outstanding share programs is estimated to not more than 7 874 000 shares of series B  corresponding to a dilutive effect on earnings per share of approximately 2.71 per cent. In this calculation  maximum allotment of shares has been assumed for Share Program 2023 and expected allotment has been assumed for the share programs for 2021 and 2022.Hedging measures for the Share Program 2023In order to implement Share Program 2023 in a cost-effective and flexible manner  the Board of Directors has considered various methods for transfer of shares to the participants. The Board of Directors has found that the most cost-effective alternative is transfer of own shares  and thus proposes that the Annual General Meeting resolves on transfer of own shares in accordance with item 17 b) below.Should the majority required under item 17 b) below not be reached  Electrolux intends to enter into an equity swap agreement with a third party.17 b) Resolution on transfers of own shares to the participants in Share Program 2023In order to secure the delivery of Performance Shares in accordance with the terms and conditions of Share Program 2023  the Board of Directors proposes that the Annual General Meeting resolves that the company shall transfer a maximum of 3 965 000 shares of series B in the company on the following terms and conditions:The right to receive shares shall be granted to such persons within the Electrolux Group covered by the terms and conditions pursuant to Share Program 2023. Furthermore  subsidiaries within the Electrolux Group shall have the right to acquire shares  free of consideration  and such subsidiaries shall be obligated to immediately transfer  free of consideration  shares to employees covered by the terms and conditions of Share Program 2023. The employee shall have the right to receive shares during the period when the employee is entitled to receive shares pursuant to the terms and conditions of Share Program 2023  i.e. in 2026. Employees covered by the terms and conditions of Share Program 2023 shall receive shares of series B in the company free of consideration. The number of shares of series B in Electrolux that may be transferred under Share Program 2023 will be subject to recalculation as a result of intervening bonus issues  splits  rights issues and/or other similar corporate events.Majority requirementsThe resolution of the Annual General Meeting to implement the program according to item 17 a) above requires that more than half of the votes cast at the Annual General Meeting approve the proposal. The Annual General Meeting's resolution on transfer of own shares  according to item 17 b) above requires that shareholders representing at least nine-tenths of the votes cast as well as the shares represented at the Annual General Meeting approve the proposal.Preparation of the proposal for the Share Program 2023The proposal regarding the Share Program 2023 has been prepared by the People Committee and the Board of Directors.Previous incentive programs in ElectroluxFor a description of the company's other share related incentive programs  reference is made to the Annual Report for 2022  note 27  and the Group's website  www.electroluxgroup.com. In addition to the programs described  no other share related incentive programs have been implemented in Electrolux.Shares and votesAs of February 17  2023  there are in total 283 077 393 shares in the company of which 8 192 348 are series A shares  each carrying one vote  and 274 885 045 are series B shares  each carrying one-tenth of a vote  corresponding to in total 35 680 852.5 votes. As of the same date the company holds 13 049 115 own shares of series B  corresponding to 1 304 911.5 votes that may not be represented at the General Meeting.Shareholders' right to receive informationThe Board of Directors and the President and CEO shall  if any shareholder so requests and the Board of Directors believes that it can be done without material harm to the company  at the Annual General Meeting  provide information regarding circumstances that may affect the assessment of an item on the agenda and circumstances that may affect the assessment of the company's or its subsidiaries' financial situation and the company's relation to other companies within the Group. Shareholders wishing to submit questions in advance may send them to AB Electrolux (publ)  General Counsel  SE-105 45 Stockholm  Sweden or by e-mail at agm@electrolux.com.Processing of personal dataFor information on how your personal data is processed  see https://www.euroclear.com/dam/ESwithLegal/Privacy-notice-bolagsstammor-engelska.pdfDocumentsThe Board of Directors' complete proposals are set out above. Information about persons proposed as members of the Board of Directors of Electrolux  information about proposed Auditor and the Nomination Committee's statement etc.  can be found on the Group's website  www.electroluxgroup.com/agm2023. The Annual Report  the Auditor's Report  the Auditor's statement pursuant to Chapter 8  Section 54 of the Swedish Companies Act regarding the remuneration guidelines for the group management  the Remuneration Report pursuant to Chapter 8  Section 53 a of the Swedish Companies Act  and the Board of Directors' statement pursuant to Chapter 19  Section 22 of the Swedish Companies Act relating to the proposal under item 16 a) above will be available at the company  AB Electrolux  S:t Göransgatan 143  SE-105 45 Stockholm  Sweden and on the Group's website  www.electroluxgroup.com/agm2023  no later than March 8  2023. The documents will also be sent to shareholders who so request and state their address.Stockholm in February 2023AB Electrolux (publ)THE BOARD OF DIRECTORS1 With a possibility for the Board of Directors to make adjustments for extraordinary events such as bonus issue  split  rights issue and/or other similar events.2 Earnings per share as defined in the financial statements on a cumulative basis during the entire performance period (with a possibility for the Board of Directors to make adjustments for extraordinary events).3 The CO 2 reduction target refers to greenhouse gas reductions within the following three areas: (i) operations  (ii) transportation and (iii) energy from product use  with the relative weight of the three areas being 25 per cent for each of area (i) and (ii) and 50 per cent for area (iii). The target will be measured on selected predefined product categories and regions.4 The relative total shareholder return target refers to Electrolux Group's total shareholder return (TSR) (share price appreciation added by sum of all dividends received during the performance period) performance versus the FTSE EMEA Consumer Discretionary index during 2023-2025. If Electrolux TSR is at or below the lower quartile of the index  a multiplier of 0.75 will apply. If TSR is at or above the upper quartile  a multiplier of 1.25 will apply. If TSR is below the upper quartile but exceeds the lower quartile a proportionate multiplier between 0.75 and 1.25 will apply. The Board of Directors will have the possibility to make adjustments for extraordinary events such as a change of the composition of the index during the performance period.5 With a possibility for the Board of Directors to make adjustments for extraordinary events such as bonus issue  split  rights issue and/or other similar events.For further information  please contact:Electrolux Group Press Hotline  +46 8 657 65 07The following files are available for download:https://mb.cision.com/Main/1853/3717392/1857548.pdf 2023_PR_Notice AGM 2023_Eng_Final 2CisionView original content:https://www.prnewswire.co.uk/news-releases/notice-convening-the-annual-general-meeting-of-ab-electrolux-301750538.html",neutral,0.0,0.99,0.0,negative,0.0,0.0,1.0,True,English,"['Annual General Meeting', 'AB Electrolux', 'Notice', 'The Annual General Meeting', 'other supporting document', 'corporate identification number', 'Euroclear Sweden AB', 'Voting rights registrations', 'postal voting form', 'AB Electrolux', 'meeting venue', 'telephone number', 'Münchenbryggeriet', 'Torkel Knutssonsgatan', 'share register', 'legal entity', 'authorized signatory', 'record date', 'Such re-registration', 'postal vote', 'registration certificate', 'dated power', 'specific instructions', 'Further instructions', 'special form', 'Proxy forms', 'separate notification', 'Feb.', 'shareholders', 'notice', 'Wednesday', 'March', 'CET', 'Stockholm', 'Admission', 'Board', 'Directors', 'Group', 'website', 'Swedish', 'English', 'Participation', 'person', 'presentation', 'circumstances', 'Tuesday', 'Thursday', 'name', 'address', 'assistants', 'written', 'attorney', 'representative', 'order', 'company', 'advance', 'request', 'Story', 'accordance', 'case', 'publ', 'Box', 'mail', 'GeneralMeetingService', 'votes', 'verification', 'BankID', 'vpc', 'EuroclearProxy', 'conditions', 'entirety', 'Shares', 'nominee', 'addition', 'routines', 'time', 'account', 'Agenda', 'Election', 'Chairman', 'Preparatio', '4.00', '3.15', '101']",2023-02-20,2023-02-20,finance.yahoo.com
18805,Euroclear,NewsApi.org,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/summons-robit-plc-annual-general-100000131.html,SUMMONS TO ROBIT PLC’S ANNUAL GENERAL MEETING,ROBIT PLC STOCK EXCHANGE RELEASE 20 FEBRUARY 2023 AT 12.00 PM SUMMONS TO ROBIT PLC’S ANNUAL GENERAL MEETING The shareholders of Robit Plc are hereby invited ...,Robit PlcROBIT PLC STOCK EXCHANGE RELEASE 20 FEBRUARY 2023 AT 12.00 PMSUMMONS TO ROBIT PLC’S ANNUAL GENERAL MEETINGThe shareholders of Robit Plc are hereby invited to the Annual General Meeting to be held on Wednesday  15 March 2023 from 2.00 pm onwards at Tampere Hall  address Yliopistonkatu 55  33100  Tampere  Finland. The reception of registered participants and the distribution of ballots will commence at 1.30 pm.A. Matters on the agenda of the general meetingThe following matters will be discussed at the General Meeting:1. Opening of the meeting2. Calling the meeting to order3. Election of persons to scrutinise the minutes and to supervise the counting of votes4. Recording the legality of the meeting5. Recording attendance at the meeting and adoption of the list of votes6. Presentation of the financial statements and consolidated financial statements  the annual report and the auditor’s report for the year 2022Review by the CEO.7. The adoption of the financial statements  which also includes the adoption of consolidated financial statements8. Use of the profit shown in the balance sheet and deciding on the payment of dividendsThe Board of Directors proposes to the Annual General Meeting that the profit for the financial year 2022 would be recorded to retained earnings and a dividend of EUR 0.02 per share would be distributed for the 2022 financial period.A shareholder who is entered in the company's shareholder register maintained by Euroclear Finland Ltd on the record date of the dividend on 22 September 2023 is entitled to a dividend. The dividend shall be paid on 29 September 2023.9. Resolution on the discharge of the members of the Board of Directors and the CEO from liability10. Handling of remuneration report for governing bodiesThe Board of Directors proposes that the remuneration report for governing bodies be approved. The decision is advisory in accordance with the Limited Liability Companies Act. The remuneration report will be available on the company’s website at https://www.robitgroup.com/investor/corporate-governance/general-meeting/ no later than on 22 February 2023.Story continues11. Resolution on the number of Board MembersThe Shareholders’ Nomination Board proposes to the Annual General Meeting that six (6) members be appointed to the Board of Directors.12. Resolution on the remuneration of the Board MembersThe Shareholders’ Nomination Board proposes to the Annual General Meeting that the annual remuneration payable to the Chairman of the Board is EUR 55 000  and to each Board Member is EUR 30 000  of which 40% will be paid as shares and the remaining 60% as an advance tax withheld and paid to the Finnish Tax Administration by the company.The Shareholders’ Nomination Board also proposes to the Annual General Meeting that the additional compensation of EUR 500 will be paid to the Board Members for each board meeting or committee meeting they have attended. Should the meeting be organised remotely  and it lasts maximum 1 hour  will the compensation be EUR 250 per meeting. Additionally  other costs such as travel  and lodging expenses will also be compensated.The annual remuneration for the entire term of office will be paid to the Chairman of the Board and to the Board Members in December 2023. The shares that form part of the remuneration payable to the Chairman of the Board and to the Board Members can be new shares issued by the company or shares acquired thereby pursuant to an authorisation provided to the Board of Directors by the General Meeting. The receiver of the remuneration will pay the applicable transfer tax.13. Election of the Board MembersThe Shareholders’ Nomination Board proposes to the General Meeting that current Board MembersMikko Kuitunen  Anne Leskelä  Harri Sjöholm  Markku Teräsvasara  Eeva-Liisa Virkkunenbe re-elected for a new term of office.The Shareholders’ Nomination Board further proposes thatLasse Ahobe elected as new member of the Board of Directors.The current Board Member  Kim Gran has announced that he will no longer be available for re-election to the Board of Directors.The Board Members’ term of office will continue until the end of Annual General Meeting held in 2024.All candidates have consented to being elected to the position of Board Member and all are independent of the company and its significant shareholders  except for Harri Sjöholm  who is dependent on a significant shareholder of the company.The candidates’ profiles are available on Robit Plc’s website at https://www.robitgroup.com/investor/corporate-governance/general-meeting/ .14. Resolution on the remuneration of the auditorThe Board of Directors proposes to the General Meeting that the remuneration of the elected auditor be paid in accordance with an invoice approved by the company.15. Election of the auditorThe Board of Directors recommends that PricewaterhouseCoopers Oy (PwC) be elected as the company’s auditor for a term of office expiring at the end of the following Annual General Meeting. PricewaterhouseCoopers Oy has announced that it intends to appoint Markku Katajisto  Authorised Public Accountant  as the company’s principal responsible auditor.16. Authorising the Board of Directors to decide on the acquisition of the company’s own shares and/or accepting them as a pledgeThe Board of Directors proposes that the General Meeting authorises the Board of Directors to decide upon the acquisition of a maximum of 2 117 990 of the company’s own shares and/or accepting the same number of the company’s own shares as a pledge  in one or several tranches  by using the company’s unrestricted shareholders’ equity. The maximum total of shares that will be acquired and/or accepted as a pledge corresponds to 10% of all shares in the company as of the date of this summons. However  the company cannot  together with its subsidiary companies  own or accept as a pledge altogether more than 10% of its own shares at any point in time. The company’s shares may be purchased under this authorisation solely by using unrestricted shareholders’ equity.The shares will be acquired otherwise than in proportion to the share ownership of the shareholders via public trading arranged by Nasdaq Helsinki Ltd at the market price on the date on which the acquisition is made or otherwise at a price formed on the market. The Board of Directors proposes that this authorisation be used e.g. for the purposes of implementing the company’s share-based incentive systems or for other purposes as decided by the Board of Directors.The Board of Directors proposes that this authorisation be considered to cancel the authorisation granted by the General Meeting on 22 March 2022 to decide on the acquisition of the company’s own shares.The Board of Directors proposes that the authorisation remain in force until the end of the following Annual General Meeting  however  no longer than 30 June 2024.17. Authorising the Board of Directors to decide on a share issue and the issuance of special rights entitling to sharesThe Board of Directors proposes that the Annual General Meeting authorises the Board of Directors to decide on a share issue and on the issuance of special rights entitling to shares as referred to in Chapter 10 Section 1 of the Finnish Limited Liability Companies Act  in one or more tranches  either against or without consideration.The number of shares to be issued  including shares to be issued on the basis of special rights  may not exceed 2 117 990  which amounts to 10% of all shares in the company as of the date of this summons. The Board of Directors may decide to either issue new shares or to transfer any treasury shares held by the company.The authorisation entitles the Board of Directors to decide on all terms that apply to the share issue and to the issuance of special rights entitling to shares  including the right to derogate from the shareholders’ pre-emptive right. The Board of Directors proposes that this authorisation be used e.g. for the purposes of strengthening the company’s balance sheet and improving its financial status or for other purposes as decided by the Board of Directors.The Board of Directors proposes that the authorisation remain in force until the end of the following Annual General Meeting  however  no longer than 30 June 2024. This authorisation cancels any previously granted  unused authorisations to decide on a share issue and the issuance of options or other special rights entitling to shares.18. Amendment of the Articles of AssociationThe Board of Directors proposes that the General Meeting would decide to amend the Company’s Articles of Association to enable arranging a General Meeting as a hybrid meeting. In addition  it proposed that the General Meeting can be arranged without a meeting venue as an alternative for a physical meeting. The amendment is intended to facilitate the holding of General Meetings of Shareholders virtually among others in situations like pandemics or other unforeseen or exceptional circumstances  however not limited to these situations. The Finnish Companies Act requires that shareholders can exercise their full rights in virtual meetings  with equal rights to those in customary in-person General Meetings.The amendments would be made to Article 8 § of the Articles of Association.The section of the new Articles of Association:“8 § The invitation to the General Meeting is published on the company's website no earlier than two months and no later than 21 days before the meeting  but always at least nine (9) days before the reconciliation date of the General Meeting as defined in the Limited Liability Companies Act.The Board of Directors may decide that shareholder may exercise their full decision-making powers in real time during the General Meeting using telecommunications and technical (hybrid meeting).The Board of Directors may decide that the General Meeting is arranged without a meeting venue in a manner where shareholders exercise their full decision-making powers in real time during the General Meeting using telecommunications and technical means (virtual meeting).A shareholder wishing to attend a General Meeting of Shareholders shall notify the Company by the date mentioned in the notice to the meeting  which may not be more than ten (10) days before the meeting.In addition to the domicile of the company the General meetings may be held in Tampere or Helsinki.”The section of the old Articles of Association:“8 § Notice to a General Meeting shall be published in the Company’s homepage not earlier than two months and not later than 21 days prior to the meeting. The notice shall  however  be announced at least nine (9) days prior to the record date for the shareholders’ meeting as referred to in the Companies Act.In order to be allowed to speak and vote at the General Meeting  a shareholder must register at the Company as indicated in the notice of the meeting. The period of registration shall not expire earlier than ten (10) days before the meeting.In addition to the domicile of the Company  General Meetings may be held in Tampere or Helsinki.”19. Closing of the Annual General MeetingB. Documents of the annual general meetingThe aforementioned proposals that are included on the agenda of the General Meeting as well as this summons are available on Robit Plc’s website at https://www.robitgroup.com/investor/corporate-governance/general-meeting/ . Robit Plc’s financial statements  annual report and auditor’s report will be published on the aforementioned website on 22 February 2023 at the latest. The proposals and other documents referred to above will also be available at the meeting  and copies of them and this summons will be sent to shareholders upon request.The minutes of the General Meeting will be published on the aforementioned website on 29 March 2023.C. Instructions for the participants to the general meeting1. Shareholders registered in the shareholders’ registerThe right to attend the General Meeting is restricted to a shareholder who  on 3 March 2023 (record date of the General Meeting)  is recorded as a shareholder in the company’s shareholder register maintained by Euroclear Finland Ltd. Shareholder whose shares are registered in his/her personal Finnish book-entry account is registered in the company’s shareholder register.Changes in shareholdings that take place after the record date of the General Meeting will not affect the shareholders’ right to attend the General Meeting or exercise their voting rights at the General Meeting.Shareholder who is registered in the company’s shareholder register and who wish to attend the General Meeting must register for the meeting by giving a prior notice of participation  which has to be received by the company no later than 6 March 2023 at 10.00 am.Shareholders can register for the General Meeting:on the company’s web page at www.robitgroup.comby email at investors@robitgroup.comby post: Robit Plc  AGM  Vikkiniityntie 9  FI-33880 Lempäälä  FinlandPersonal data given to Robit Plc by shareholders is used only in connection with the General Meeting and with the processing of related registrations. The shareholders and their representatives or proxies must be able to prove their identity and/or right of representation at the meeting  if necessary.2. Holders of nominee registered sharesHolders of nominee registered shares have the right to participate in the General Meeting by virtue of such shares based on which they would on 3 March 2023 (record date of the General Meeting) be entitled to be registered in the company’s shareholder register maintained by Euroclear Finland Ltd. In addition  the right to participate in the General Meeting requires that the shareholder on the basis of such shares has been registered in the temporary shareholder register maintained by Euroclear Finland Ltd at the latest by 10 March 2023 at 10.00 am. As regards to nominee registered shares  this is considered to constitute due registration for the General Meeting.Holders of nominee registered shares are advised to request in good time the necessary instructions regarding the temporary registration in the company’s shareholder register  issuing of proxy documents and registration for the General Meeting from their custodian bank. The account management organisation of the custodian bank must register the holders of nominee registered shares who wish to participate in the General Meeting to be temporarily entered in the company’s shareholder register at the latest by the time stated above.3. Proxy representatives and powers of attorneyShareholders may participate in the General Meeting and exercise their rights at the meeting by way of proxy representation. Proxy representatives must produce a dated power of attorney or otherwise prove in a reliable manner their right to represent the shareholder at the General Meeting. When a shareholder participates in the General Meeting by means of several proxy representatives representing the shareholder with shares at different securities accounts  the shares by which each proxy representative represents the shareholder must be identified in connection with the registration for the General Meeting.Any powers of attorney are requested to be delivered in originals to Robit Plc  Annual General Meeting  Vikkiniityntie 9  FI-33880 Lempäälä  Finland  before the last date for registration.4. Other instructions and informationPursuant to Chapter 5  section 25 of the Finnish Limited Liability Companies Act  a shareholder who is present at the General Meeting has the right to request information with respect to the matters to be considered at the meeting. On the date of this summons  Robit Plc has a total of 21 179 900 shares entitling to an equal number of votes. The company holds 52 308 own shares from the above-mentioned shares.Lempäälä  20 February 2023ROBIT PLCBoard of DirectorsFurther information:Harri Sjöholm  Chairman+358 400 622 092harri.sjoholm@robitgroup.comDistribution:Nasdaq Helsinki LtdKey mediawww.robitgroup.comRobit is the expert focused on high quality drilling consumables for mining and construction markets globally to help you drill Further. Faster. Robit strives to be world number one company in drilling consumables. Through our high and proven quality Top Hammer  Down the Hole and Geotechnical products  and our expert services  we deliver saving in drilling costs to our customers. Robit has its own sales and service points in seven countries and an active distributor network through which it sells to more than 100 countries. Robit’s manufacturing units are located in Finland  South Korea  Australia and the UK. Robit’s shares are listed on Nasdaq Helsinki Ltd. Further information is available at www.robitgroup.com .,neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,negative,0.22,0.31,0.47,True,English,"['ANNUAL GENERAL MEETING', 'ROBIT PLC', 'SUMMONS', 'ROBIT PLC STOCK EXCHANGE RELEASE', 'Limited Liability Companies Act', 'The Shareholders’ Nomination Board', 'following Annual General Meeting', 'The Board Members’ term', 'Harri Sjöholm', 'Markku Teräsvasara', 'Finnish Tax Administration', 'applicable transfer tax', 'Euroclear Finland Ltd', 'consolidated financial statements', 'current Board Member', 'significant shareholders', 'following matters', 'advance tax', 'annual report', '2022 financial period', 'annual remuneration', 'entire term', 'new term', 'new member', 'board meeting', 'six (6) members', 'committee meeting', 'registered participants', 'A. Matters', 'balance sheet', 'record date', 'governing bodies', 'other costs', 'lodging expenses', 'Mikko Kuitunen', 'Anne Leskelä', 'Eeva-Liisa Virkkunen', 'Lasse Aho', 'Kim Gran', 'financial year', 'shareholder register', 'Tampere Hall', 'additional compensation', 'candidates’ profiles', 'PricewaterhouseCoopers Oy', 'remuneration report', 'new shares', 'FEBRUARY', 'SUMMONS', 'Wednesday', 'March', 'address', 'Yliopistonkatu', 'reception', 'distribution', 'ballots', 'agenda', 'Opening', 'Election', 'persons', 'minutes', 'counting', 'votes', 'legality', 'attendance', 'adoption', 'list', 'Presentation', 'auditor', 'Review', 'CEO', 'profit', 'payment', 'dividends', 'Directors', 'earnings', 'company', '22 September', '29 September', 'Resolution', 'discharge', 'Handling', 'decision', 'accordance', 'website', 'robitgroup', 'investor/corporate-governance', 'Story', 'number', 'Chairman', '1 hour', 'travel', 'office', 'December', 'authorisation', 'receiver', 'position', 'general-meeting', 'invoice', 'PwC', '12.00', '1.30']",2023-02-20,2023-02-20,finance.yahoo.com
18806,Euroclear,NewsApi.org,https://www.prnewswire.co.uk/news-releases/notice-convening-the-annual-general-meeting-of-castellum-aktiebolag-301750546.html,Notice convening the Annual General Meeting of Castellum Aktiebolag,"GOTHENBURG  Sweden  Feb. 20  2023 /PRNewswire/ -- The shareholders of Castellum Aktiebolag  Reg. No. 556475-5550 (""Castellum"" or the ""Company"") are hereby given notice to attend the Annual General Meeting to be held on Thursday  23 March 2023  at 5 p.m. CET a…","GOTHENBURG  Sweden  Feb. 20  2023 /PRNewswire/ -- The shareholders of Castellum Aktiebolag  Reg. No. 556475-5550 (""Castellum"" or the ""Company"") are hereby given notice to attend the Annual General Meeting to be held on Thursday  23 March 2023  at 5 p.m. CET at Castellum's head office at Hangövägen 20  floor 4  Stockholm. The entrance opens at 4.30 p.m CET.The Board of Directors has decided  pursuant to Chapter 7  Section 4 a of the Swedish Companies Act (Sw. aktiebolagslagen) and the Company's Articles of Assocation  that shareholders that do not want to  or cannot  attend the Annual General Meeting in person can exercise their voting rights by postal voting. Consequently  shareholders may choose to exercise their voting rights at the Annual General Meeting by attending in person  through a proxy or by postal voting. No beverages or food will be served at the meeting.Notification etc.A) Attending the meeting venue in personA person who wishes to attend the meeting venue in person or by proxy mustbe registered as a shareholder in the share register kept by Euroclear Sweden AB by Wednesday  15 March 2023 ; and; and give notice of participation in the Annual General Meeting no later than Friday  17 March 2023 (preferably before 4 p.m. CET ). Notification of participation at the Annual General Meeting can be made by post to Castellum Aktiebolag  c/o Euroclear Sweden AB  Box 191  SE-101 23 Stockholm  by phone at +46 8–401 43 76  or through Euroclear Sweden AB's website  https://anmalan.vpc.se/EuroclearProxy/.The notification must state name/business name  social security number/company registration number  address and telephone number.For those who wish to be represented by a proxy  a written and dated power of attorney signed by the shareholder must be attached to the notification and presented at the meeting. A form of proxy is available on Castellum's website  www.castellum.com. If the shareholder is a legal person  a registration certificate  or if such document does not exist  other corresponding authorisation documentation must be attached.B) Participation by postal votingA person who wishes to participate in the Annual General Meeting by postal voting mustbe registered as a shareholder in the share register kept by Euroclear Sweden AB by Wednesday  15 March 2023 ; and; and give notice of participation in the Annual General Meeting no later than Friday  17 March 2023   by submitting a postal voting form in accordance with the instructions below  so that the postal vote is received by Euroclear Sweden AB no later than that day.A person who wishes to attend the meeting venue in person or by proxy  must give notice in accordance with the instructions stated under A) above. Hence  a notice of participation only through postal voting is not sufficient for a person who wishes to attend the meeting venue.A special form shall be used for postal voting. The form is available on the Company's website  www.castellum.com. The completed and signed form may be sent by post to Castellum Aktiebolag  ""Annual General Meeting""  c/o Euroclear Sweden AB  Box 191  SE-101 23 Stockholm  or by email to GeneralMeetingService@euroclear.com (state ""Castellum Aktiebolag – postal voting"" in the subject line). The completed and signed form must be received by Euroclear Sweden AB no later than Friday  17 March 2023. Shareholders may also submit the postal vote electronically by verifying with BankID via Euroclear Sweden AB's website  https://anmalan.vpc.se/EuroclearProxy/.Shareholders may not provide specific instructions or conditions in the voting form. If so  the postal vote  in its entirety  is invalid. Further instructions and conditions are included in the form for postal voting.If the shareholder postal votes by proxy  a written and dated power of attorney signed by the shareholder must be attached to the postal voting form. A form of proxy is available on Castellum's website  www.castellum.com. If the shareholder is a legal person  a registration certificate or other corresponding authorisation document must be attached to the form.Nominee-registered sharesIn order to be entitled to participate in the Annual General Meeting  a shareholder whose shares are registered in the name of a nominee must  in addition to giving notice of participation  register its shares in its own name so that it is registered as a shareholder in the share register kept by Euroclear Sweden AB by Wednesday  15 March 2023. Such registration may be temporary (so-called voting rights registration)  and request for such voting rights registration shall be made to the nominee  in accordance with the nominee's routines  at such a time as decided by the nominee. Voting rights registrations that have been made no later than Friday  17 March 2023 will be taken into account in the presentation of the share register.Right for shareholders to receive informationShareholders are reminded of their right to receive information from the Board of Directors and the Managing Director at the Annual General Meeting in accordance with Chapter 7  Section 32 of the Swedish Companies Act in respect of information regarding circumstances that may affect the assessment of an item on the agenda  circumstances that can affect the assessment of the Company's or its subsidiaries' financial position and the Company's relation to other companies within the group. The Board of Directors and the Managing Director shall provide such information at the Annual General Meeting  provided that they consider that it may be done without significant harm to Castellum. Shareholders wishing to submit questions in advance may do so by sending an email to arsstamma@castellum.se.Items1. Opening of the meeting and election of the Chair of the meeting.2. Preparation and approval of the voting list.3. Approval of the agenda.4. Election of one or two persons to verify the minutes.5. Determination of whether the Annual General Meeting has been duly convened.6. Presentation of(a) the annual accounts and the audit report as well as the consolidated annual accounts and the audit report for the group (b) the auditor's statement regarding the Company's compliance with the guidelines for remuneration to members of the executive management in effect since the previous Annual General Meeting.In connection thereto  presentations by the Chair of the Board of Directors and the Managing Director.7. Resolution to adopt the income statement and the balance sheet as well as the consolidated income statement and the consolidated balance sheet.8. Resolution regarding the allocation of the Company's profit in accordance with the adopted balance sheet.9. Resolution regarding discharge from liability towards the Company in respect of the members of the Board of Directors and the Managing Director.10. Resolution to amend the Articles of Association.11. The Nomination Committee's presentation of its proposals to the Annual General Meeting and the Nomination Committee's statement concerning its proposal regarding the Board of Directors.12. Determination of the number of members of the Board of Directors and auditors and deputy auditors.13. Resolution regarding the remuneration to be paid to the members of the Board of Directors and the auditor.14. Election of members of the Board of Directors and the Chair of the Board of Directors.(a) Per Berggren (Chair)(b) Anna-Karin Celsing(c) Joacim Sjöberg(d) Henrik Käll(e) Leiv Synnes(f) Louise Richnau (new election)(g) Ann-Louise Lökholm-Klasson (new election)15. Election of auditor.16. Resolution on approval of updated instructions for the Nomination Committee.17. Resolution on the approval of the remuneration report.18. Resolution to grant the Board of Directors the authority to resolve on an issue of new shares  either applying or disapplying shareholders' preferential rights.19. Resolution to grant the Board of Directors the authority to resolve on an issue of new shares  applying the shareholders' preferential rights.20. Resolution to grant the Board of Directors the authority to resolve on acquisitions and transfers of the Company's own shares.21. Resolution to reduce the share capital by way of cancellation of own shares.22. Closing of the Annual General Meeting.Resolutions proposed by the Board of DirectorsItem 8 – Resolution regarding the allocation of the Company's profit in accordance with the adopted balance sheet.The Board of Directors proposes that no dividend is distributed and that the retained profit shall be carried forward to the new accounts.Item 10 – Resolution to amend the Articles of Association.For the purpose of adjusting the limits for the share capital and the number of shares in the Articles of Association in light of the Board of Directors' proposal to authorise the Board of Directors to resolve upon a rights issue as set out in item 19 of the notice convening the Annual General Meeting  the Board of Directors proposes to amend § 4 and § 5 in the Articles of Association in accordance with the below. Further  the Board of Directors proposes that § 11 of the Articles of Association is amended so that a General Meeting  in addition to being able to be held in Gothenburg  may also be held in Stockholm.Current wording § 4 Proposed wording § 4 The company's share capital shall be no less than SEK 75 000 000 and no more than SEK 300 000 000. The company's share capital shall be no less than SEK 150 000 000 and no more than SEK 600 000 000. Current wording § 5 Proposed wording § 5 The number of shares shall be no less than 150 000 000 and no more than 600 000 000. The number of shares shall be no less than 300 000 000 and no more than 1 200 000 000. Current wording § 11 Proposed wording § 11 An Annual General Meeting shall be held in Göteborg or Stockholm within six months of the expiry of each financial year. General Meetings shall be held in Gothenburg or Stockholm. An Annual General Meeting shall be held in Göteborg or Stockholm within six months of the expiry of each financial year.Item 17 – Resolution on the approval of the remuneration report.The Board of Directors proposes that the Annual General Meeting resolves to approve the Board of Directors' remuneration report.Item 18 – Resolution to grant the Board of Directors the authority to resolve on an issue of new shares  either applying or disapplying shareholders' preferential rights.The Board of Directors' proposal implies that the Board of Directors shall be authorised to  during the period until the next Annual General Meeting  resolve on new share issues  on one or several occasions  with or without deviation from the shareholders' preferential rights and that shares corresponding to maximum ten per cent (10%) of the Company's share capital as of the date for the first exercise of the authorisation may be issued. Further  the proposal implies that an issue may be made against cash payment  by set-off or by contribution in kind. In case of deviation from the shareholders' preferential rights  shares shall be issued on market terms. The purpose of the Board of Directors' proposal is to (i) enable the Company to completely or partially finance any future real property investments and/or acquisitions of real property companies/businesses by issuing new shares as payment in connection with agreements on acquisition of real property  alternatively to raise capital for such investments and/or acquisitions; and/or (ii) enable the Company to strengthen its financial position and/or create a larger liquidity buffer for financing commitments.Item 19 – Resolution to grant the Board of Directors the authority to resolve on an issue of new shares  applying the shareholders' preferential rights.The Board of Directors' proposal implies that the Board of Directors shall be authorised to  during the period until the next Annual General Meeting  resolve on new share issues  on one or several occasions  with preferential rights for the shareholders  for the purpose of strengthening the Company's financial position. The total number of shares that may be issued by virtue of the authorisation shall amount to the number of shares that corresponds to issue proceeds of approximately SEK 10 billion. Other terms and conditions for the new share issue shall be determined by the Board of Directors.Item 20 – Resolution to grant the Board of Directors the authority to resolve on acquisitions and transfers of the Company's own shares.The Board of Directors' proposal implies that the Board of Directors shall be authorised to  during the period until the next Annual General Meeting  resolve on acquisition on one or several occasions  of the Company's own shares provided that the Company after each acquisition will not hold more than ten per cent (10%) of all the shares in the Company  and to transfer all of the Company's own shares with deviation from the shareholders' preferential rights. The objective of the Board of Directors' proposal is to allow the Company to adapt its capital structure to its capital needs from time to time and thereby contribute to an increased shareholder value  and/or to transfer own shares as payment in order to completely or partially finance any future real property investments and/or acquisitions of real property companies/businesses or by using own shares as payment in connection with agreements on acquisition of real property  alternatively to raise capital for such investments and/or acquisitions. This objective does not allow the Company to trade with its own shares for the short-term purpose of making a profit.Item 21 – Resolution to reduce the share capital by way of cancellation of own shares.The Board of Directors proposes that the Annual General Meeting resolves to reduce the Company's share capital by an amount of SEK 8 665 500 by way of cancellation of the 17 331 000 own shares held by the Company as of the date of this notice. The reduction amount shall be allocated to unrestricted equity.The resolution to reduce the share capital by way of cancellation of own shares is conditional upon the Board of Directors utilising the authorisation proposed to be resolved by the Annual General Meeting in accordance with item 19 of the notice convening the Annual General Meeting.The resolution to reduce the share capital may be carried out without obtaining an authorisation from the Swedish Companies Registration Office  since the resolution will not be executed unless the Company simultaneously carries out a rights issue by means of the Board of Directors' exercise of the authorisation proposed to be resolved upon by the Annual General Meeting as set out in item 19 of the notice convening the Annual General Meeting. This entails that the share capital  after the rights issue  will increase by an amount exceeding the amount that the share capital is being reduced with as set out above. Combined  these measures entail that neither the Company's restricted equity nor its share capital is reduced as a result of the cancellation of own shares.Resolutions proposed by the Nomination CommitteeThe Nomination Committee  consisting of Helen Fasth Gillstedt (Chair of the Nomination Committee) appointed by Handelsbanken Fonder  Ralf Spann appointed by Akelius Residential Property AB (publ)  Patrik Tillman appointed by M2 Asset Management AB and M2 Capital Management AB  Johannes Wingborg appointed by Länsförsäkringar Fondförvaltning AB (publ)  and Per Berggren  Chair of the Board of Directors  has made the following proposals:Item 1 – Election of the Chair of the meeting.The Nomination Committee proposes the attorney Wilhelm Lüning to preside as Chair of the Annual General Meeting.Item 12 – Determination of the number of members of the Board of Directors and auditors and deputy auditors.The Board of Directors is proposed to consist of seven Board members and the number of auditors is proposed to be one with no deputy auditor.Item 13 – Determination of the remuneration to be paid to the members of the Board of Directors and the auditor.Remuneration to the members of the Board of Directors is proposed to be the following (2022 remuneration within brackets).The Chair of the Board of Directors: SEK 1 110 000 (SEK 1 075 000) .. Each of the other members of the Board of Directors: SEK 450 000 (SEK 440 000) .. Chair of the People Committee: SEK 100 000 (SEK 100 000) .. Each of the other members of the People Committee: SEK 75 000 (SEK 75 000) .. Chair of the Audit Committee: SEK 220 000 (SEK 220 000) .. Each of the other members of the Audit Committee: SEK 105 000 (SEK 105 000) .. A member of the Board of Directors who is employed by the Company shall not receive remuneration.It is proposed that the auditor's fee shall be paid upon approval of its invoices.Item 14 – Election of members of the Board of Directors and Chair of the Board of Directors.The existing Board members Per Berggren  Anna-Karin Celsing  Henrik Käll  Joacim Sjöberg and Leiv Synnes are proposed to be re-elected as Board members. Further  Louise Richnau and Ann-Louise Lökholm-Klasson are proposed to be elected as new Board members.Per Berggren is proposed to be elected as Chair of the Board of Directors.Louise Richnau was born in 1966 and has a Master of Science in Engineering from KTH and CEFA and CESGA certificates and has worked in the real estate sector for the last 30 years covering investments  transactions  financing  establishment of new business areas  and sustainability issues. Louise Richnau has previous experience from the AP funds (1-3)  operating in a listed environment (Drott Riks AB) and most recently from the partner owned financial advisor  Nordanö. Louise Richnau has also been responsible for the establishment of Brunswick Real Estate Capital  the first Nordic institutional real estate credit fund (today Niam Credit)  which she left in 2019. Today  Louise Richnau works in her own company  primarily with her own investments  often in an advisory capacity or board assignments. Louise Richnau is also a board member of STING's (Stockholm Innovation & Growth) funds  Sunna Group et al.Ann-Louise Lökholm-Klasson was born in 1971 and has been the CEO of Sweco Sverige AB since 2018. Sweco is the leading engineering and architecture consultancy firm in Europe  with more than 6 000 experts in social development in Sweden. Ann-Louise has a background of being manager and leader at Ericsson and has held various senior positions within the Sweco Group. Among other things  she has been responsible for acquisition integration  thereby leading the integration of several acquisitions. She has also been a manager for facility and installation services in real estate and thus possesses knowledge of how digital services to real estate companies can lead to lower carbon footprints  more efficient use of buildings and lower management costs. Ann-Louise sits on the Board of Innovation Businesses  Bemsiq and has previously served on the Board of the Swedish Green Building Council from 2014–2019.More information concerning all members proposed for re-election and new election is available on the Company's website  www.castellum.com.Item 15 – Election of auditor.Ahead of the Annual General Meeting 2023  the Audit Committee has carried out a procurement of audit firms and in accordance with the Audit Committee's recommendation  Deloitte is proposed for re-election as Castellum's auditor until the end of the Annual General Meeting 2024. Deloitte has announced that if the Annual General Meeting resolves to elect Deloitte as auditor  Harald Jagner will continue as the main responsible auditor.Item 16 – Resolution on approval of updated instructions for the Nomination Committee.The Nomination Committee proposes that the following instructions for the Nomination Committee shall be approved by the Annual General Meeting.The instructions for the Nomination Committee shall apply until a resolution regarding change of the procedure for nominating the Nomination Committee is resolved by the General Meeting.General information about the Nomination Committee1. Under the Swedish Corporate Governance Code (the ""Code"")  companies that are listed on a regulated market shall have a Nomination Committee that represents the company's shareholders. The Nomination Committee is thus the body of the General Meeting for the preparation of certain appointment decisions to be taken by the General Meeting.2. Under the Code  the Nomination Committee shall prepare proposals on the matters set out below to be resolved upon at the Annual General Meeting (if applicable  at an Extraordinary General Meeting):a) proposal for Chair of the General Meeting b) proposal for the number of members of the Board of Directors c) proposal for members of the Board of Directors d) proposal for Chair of the Board of Directors e) proposal for remuneration to the members of the Board of Directors  distributed between the Chair of the Board of Directors and other members of the Board of Directors and remuneration for committee work f) proposal for remuneration to the Company's auditors g) proposal for auditors  andh) if relevant  proposal for any changes to the instructions for the Nomination Committee.3. The appointed Nomination Committee shall serve as the Nomination Committee until a new Nomination Committee has been appointed.4. No remuneration shall be paid to the members of the Nomination Committee.5. At the request of the Nomination Committee  Castellum shall provide the Nomination Committee with personnel resources  such as secretarial services  in order to facilitate the work of the Nomination Committee. Furthermore  the Company shall bear reasonable costs  e.g. for external consultants  which the Nomination Committee deems necessary in order to fulfil the Nomination Committee's assignments.Composition of the Nomination Committee1. The Nomination Committee shall be appointed by the Chairman of the Board of Directors contacting the four largest shareholders (in terms of voting rights)  registered in the share register kept by Euroclear Sweden AB as per the last business day in August each year or the largest otherwise known shareholders  and asking them to appoint one member each to the Nomination Committee. Should such a shareholder not wish to appoint a member  the next largest registered shareholder in terms of voting rights or otherwise known shareholders shall be asked  and so on.2. A major shareholder or group of shareholders shall be entitled to appoint one but not more members of the Nomination Committee. If the Chairman of the Board of Directors of the Company is employed by or is otherwise not independent in relation to one of the shareholders that is entitled to appoint a member of the Nomination Committee  that shareholder shall not have the right to appoint a member. In such an event  the Chairman of the Company's Board of Directors shall then be deemed to be appointed by that shareholder.3. The appointed members  together with the Chairman of the Board of Directors of the Company  who is the convening member  shall constitute the Nomination Committee. The names of the members of the Nomination Committee and the names of the shareholders by whom they have been appointed shall be announced no later than six months prior to each Annual General Meeting.4. Unless the members of the Nomination Committee have agreed otherwise  the member appointed by the largest shareholder shall be the Chairman of the Nomination Committee. The Chairman of the Nomination Committee shall have the casting vote in the event that votes are equal.5. A member of the Nomination Committee shall  before accepting the assignment  carefully consider whether any conflict of interest or other circumstance exists that makes it inappropriate to serve on the Nomination Committee.6. The members of the Nomination Committee are subject to a confidentiality obligation regarding Castellum's business and this obligation shall  at the Company's request  be confirmed by the members by signing a confidentiality undertaking.Changes to the composition of the Nomination Committee1. If  more than two months prior to the Annual General Meeting  a new shareholder passes (in terms of voting rights) one of the shareholders in the list of shareholders that have appointed a member of the Nomination Committee  this shareholder may contact the Chairman of the Nomination Committee and request the appointment of a member of the Nomination Committee. In such an event  the member appointed by the shareholder with the lowest number of votes shall resign from the Nomination Committee.2. If a shareholder who has appointed a member of the Nomination Committee has disposed a significant proportion of its shareholding  so that it is no longer one of the four largest shareholders (in terms of voting rights) more than two months prior to the Annual General Meeting  the appointed member shall make its seat available. The Chairman of the Nomination Committee shall then contact the largest shareholder in terms of voting rights who has not previously been offered a seat. If the latter does not wish to appoint a member  the matter shall be passed on to the next shareholder in line  and so on.3. Shareholders who have appointed a member to the Nomination Committee shall be entitled to dismiss such member and appoint a new representative as a member of the Nomination Committee.4. Changes to the composition of the Nomination Committee shall be announced as soon as they occur.Other informationNumber of shares and votesAt the date of this notice  there are in total 345 731 968 shares and votes in the Company  of which the Company holds 17 331 000 own shares.Majority rulesResolutions in accordance with the Board of Directors' proposals regarding items 10  18  20 and 21 of the agenda are only valid if supported by shareholders holding at least two thirds (2/3) of both the votes cast as well as the shares represented at the Annual General Meeting.DocumentationThe annual accounts  the audit report and the Board of Directors' remuneration report pursuant to Chapter 8  Section 53 a of the Swedish Companies Act will be available at the Company's head offices at Hangövägen 20  floor 4  Stockholm and Östra Hamngatan 16  Gothenburg  and on the Company's website  www.castellum.com  in connection with the disclosure of the Company's annual report on 28 February 2023. The auditor's statement according to item 6 (b)  as well as other proposals  and related documents  regarding item 10 and items 18-21 will be available at the Company's head offices (please see the adresses above) and on the Company's website no later than 2 March 2023. As to other proposals  complete proposals can be found under each item in this notice.The Nomination Committee's complete proposal for resolutions  including a proposal for updated instructions for the Nomination Committee  information regarding the proposed Board members  its statement concerning the Nomination Committee's proposal regarding the Board of Directors and report on the Nomination Committee's work can be found on the Company's website  www.castellum.com.The documents are considered presented by being held available at the Company's head offices and on the Company's website  www.castellum.com. The above documents will  as from the day they are available  be sent to shareholders  who have stated their postal address  upon request.Processing of personal dataFor information on how your personal data is processed  see https://www.euroclear.com/dam/ESwithLegal/Privacy-notice-bolagsstammor-engelska.pdf.Gothenburg in February 2023CASTELLUM AKTIEBOLAGThe Board of DirectorsFor further information  please contact:Anna-Karin Nyman  Communications Director  Castellum AB  arsstamma@castellum.seThe following files are available for download:https://mb.cision.com/Main/8364/3717581/1859200.pdf Notice convening the Annual General Meeting of Castellum AktiebolagSOURCE Castellum",neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,mixed,0.32,0.09,0.59,True,English,"['Annual General Meeting', 'Castellum Aktiebolag', 'Notice', 'other corresponding authorisation documentation', 'Hangövägen 20', 'Swedish Companies Act', 'social security number', 'Euroclear Sweden AB', 'Annual General Meeting', 'Voting rights registrations', 'company registration number', 'postal voting form', 'telephone number', 'meeting venue', 'registration certificate', 'postal vote', 'head office', 'Sw. aktiebolagslagen', 'share register', 'dated power', 'subject line', 'Managing Director', 'special form', 'specific instructions', 'Further instructions', 'Castellum Aktiebolag', 'business name', 'Nominee-registered shares', 'legal person', 'GOTHENBURG', 'Feb.', 'PRNewswire', 'shareholders', 'Reg.', 'notice', 'Thursday', 'March', 'CET', 'floor', 'Stockholm', 'entrance', 'Board', 'Directors', 'Chapter', 'Section', 'Articles', 'Assocation', 'proxy', 'beverages', 'food', 'Notification', 'Wednesday', 'participation', 'Friday', 'Box', 'SE-101', 'website', 'vpc', 'address', 'written', 'attorney', 'accordance', 'email', 'GeneralMeetingService', 'BankID', 'conditions', 'entirety', 'order', 'addition', 'request', 'routines', 'time', 'account', 'presentation', 'information', '5', '4.30']",2023-02-20,2023-02-20,prnewswire.co.uk
18807,Euroclear,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/CASTELLUM-AB-PUBL-120792390/news/Notice-convening-the-Annual-General-Meeting-of-Castellum-Aktiebolag-43032681/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230220,Notice convening the Annual General Meeting of Castellum Aktiebolag,(marketscreener.com) GOTHENBURG  Sweden  Feb. 20  2023 /PRNewswire/ -- The shareholders of Castellum Aktiebolag  Reg. No. 556475-5550 are hereby given notice to attend the Annual General Meeting to be held on Thursday  23 March 2023  at 5 p.m. CET at Castel…,"Notice convening the Annual General Meeting of Castellum Aktiebolag 02/20/2023 | 02:42am EST Send by mail :Name : First name : From * : To * : (You can enter multiple email addresses separated by commas) Message : * Required fields GOTHENBURG  Sweden  Feb. 20  2023 /PRNewswire/ -- The shareholders of Castellum Aktiebolag  Reg. No. 556475-5550 (""Castellum"" or the ""Company"") are hereby given notice to attend the Annual General Meeting to be held on Thursday  23 March 2023  at 5 p.m. CET at Castellum's head office at Hangövägen 20  floor 4  Stockholm. The entrance opens at 4.30 p.m CET. The Board of Directors has decided  pursuant to Chapter 7  Section 4 a of the Swedish Companies Act (Sw. aktiebolagslagen) and the Company's Articles of Assocation  that shareholders that do not want to  or cannot  attend the Annual General Meeting in person can exercise their voting rights by postal voting. Consequently  shareholders may choose to exercise their voting rights at the Annual General Meeting by attending in person  through a proxy or by postal voting. No beverages or food will be served at the meeting. Notification etc. A) Attending the meeting venue in person A person who wishes to attend the meeting venue in person or by proxy must be registered as a shareholder in the share register kept by Euroclear Sweden AB by Wednesday  15 March 2023 ; and; and give notice of participation in the Annual General Meeting no later than Friday  17 March 2023 (preferably before 4 p.m. CET ). Notification of participation at the Annual General Meeting can be made by post to Castellum Aktiebolag  c/o Euroclear Sweden AB  Box 191  SE-101 23 Stockholm  by phone at +46 8–401 43 76  or through Euroclear Sweden AB's website  https://anmalan.vpc.se/EuroclearProxy/.The notification must state name/business name  social security number/company registration number  address and telephone number. For those who wish to be represented by a proxy  a written and dated power of attorney signed by the shareholder must be attached to the notification and presented at the meeting. A form of proxy is available on Castellum's website  www.castellum.com. If the shareholder is a legal person  a registration certificate  or if such document does not exist  other corresponding authorisation documentation must be attached. B) Participation by postal voting A person who wishes to participate in the Annual General Meeting by postal voting must be registered as a shareholder in the share register kept by Euroclear Sweden AB by Wednesday  15 March 2023 ; and; and give notice of participation in the Annual General Meeting no later than Friday  17 March 2023   by submitting a postal voting form in accordance with the instructions below  so that the postal vote is received by Euroclear Sweden AB no later than that day. A person who wishes to attend the meeting venue in person or by proxy  must give notice in accordance with the instructions stated under A) above. Hence  a notice of participation only through postal voting is not sufficient for a person who wishes to attend the meeting venue. A special form shall be used for postal voting. The form is available on the Company's website  www.castellum.com. The completed and signed form may be sent by post to Castellum Aktiebolag  ""Annual General Meeting""  c/o Euroclear Sweden AB  Box 191  SE-101 23 Stockholm  or by email to GeneralMeetingService@euroclear.com (state ""Castellum Aktiebolag – postal voting"" in the subject line). The completed and signed form must be received by Euroclear Sweden AB no later than Friday  17 March 2023. Shareholders may also submit the postal vote electronically by verifying with BankID via Euroclear Sweden AB's website  https://anmalan.vpc.se/EuroclearProxy/. Shareholders may not provide specific instructions or conditions in the voting form. If so  the postal vote  in its entirety  is invalid. Further instructions and conditions are included in the form for postal voting. If the shareholder postal votes by proxy  a written and dated power of attorney signed by the shareholder must be attached to the postal voting form. A form of proxy is available on Castellum's website  www.castellum.com. If the shareholder is a legal person  a registration certificate or other corresponding authorisation document must be attached to the form. Nominee-registered shares In order to be entitled to participate in the Annual General Meeting  a shareholder whose shares are registered in the name of a nominee must  in addition to giving notice of participation  register its shares in its own name so that it is registered as a shareholder in the share register kept by Euroclear Sweden AB by Wednesday  15 March 2023. Such registration may be temporary (so-called voting rights registration)  and request for such voting rights registration shall be made to the nominee  in accordance with the nominee's routines  at such a time as decided by the nominee. Voting rights registrations that have been made no later than Friday  17 March 2023 will be taken into account in the presentation of the share register. Right for shareholders to receive information Shareholders are reminded of their right to receive information from the Board of Directors and the Managing Director at the Annual General Meeting in accordance with Chapter 7  Section 32 of the Swedish Companies Act in respect of information regarding circumstances that may affect the assessment of an item on the agenda  circumstances that can affect the assessment of the Company's or its subsidiaries' financial position and the Company's relation to other companies within the group. The Board of Directors and the Managing Director shall provide such information at the Annual General Meeting  provided that they consider that it may be done without significant harm to Castellum. Shareholders wishing to submit questions in advance may do so by sending an email to arsstamma@castellum.se. Items 1. Opening of the meeting and election of the Chair of the meeting. 2. Preparation and approval of the voting list. 3. Approval of the agenda. 4. Election of one or two persons to verify the minutes. 5. Determination of whether the Annual General Meeting has been duly convened. 6. Presentation of (a) the annual accounts and the audit report as well as the consolidated annual accounts and the audit report for the group  (b) the auditor's statement regarding the Company's compliance with the guidelines for remuneration to members of the executive management in effect since the previous Annual General Meeting. In connection thereto  presentations by the Chair of the Board of Directors and the Managing Director. 7. Resolution to adopt the income statement and the balance sheet as well as the consolidated income statement and the consolidated balance sheet. 8. Resolution regarding the allocation of the Company's profit in accordance with the adopted balance sheet. 9. Resolution regarding discharge from liability towards the Company in respect of the members of the Board of Directors and the Managing Director. 10. Resolution to amend the Articles of Association. 11. The Nomination Committee's presentation of its proposals to the Annual General Meeting and the Nomination Committee's statement concerning its proposal regarding the Board of Directors. 12. Determination of the number of members of the Board of Directors and auditors and deputy auditors. 13. Resolution regarding the remuneration to be paid to the members of the Board of Directors and the auditor. 14. Election of members of the Board of Directors and the Chair of the Board of Directors. (a) Per Berggren (Chair) (b) Anna-Karin Celsing (c) Joacim Sjöberg (d) Henrik Käll (e) Leiv Synnes (f) Louise Richnau (new election) (g) Ann-Louise Lökholm-Klasson (new election) 15. Election of auditor. 16. Resolution on approval of updated instructions for the Nomination Committee. 17. Resolution on the approval of the remuneration report. 18. Resolution to grant the Board of Directors the authority to resolve on an issue of new shares  either applying or disapplying shareholders' preferential rights. 19. Resolution to grant the Board of Directors the authority to resolve on an issue of new shares  applying the shareholders' preferential rights. 20. Resolution to grant the Board of Directors the authority to resolve on acquisitions and transfers of the Company's own shares. 21. Resolution to reduce the share capital by way of cancellation of own shares. 22. Closing of the Annual General Meeting. Resolutions proposed by the Board of Directors Item 8 – Resolution regarding the allocation of the Company's profit in accordance with the adopted balance sheet. The Board of Directors proposes that no dividend is distributed and that the retained profit shall be carried forward to the new accounts. Item 10 – Resolution to amend the Articles of Association. For the purpose of adjusting the limits for the share capital and the number of shares in the Articles of Association in light of the Board of Directors' proposal to authorise the Board of Directors to resolve upon a rights issue as set out in item 19 of the notice convening the Annual General Meeting  the Board of Directors proposes to amend § 4 and § 5 in the Articles of Association in accordance with the below. Further  the Board of Directors proposes that § 11 of the Articles of Association is amended so that a General Meeting  in addition to being able to be held in Gothenburg  may also be held in Stockholm. Current wording § 4 Proposed wording § 4 The company's share capital shall be no less than SEK 75 000 000 and no more than SEK 300 000 000. The company's share capital shall be no less than SEK 150 000 000 and no more than SEK 600 000 000. Current wording § 5 Proposed wording § 5 The number of shares shall be no less than 150 000 000 and no more than 600 000 000. The number of shares shall be no less than 300 000 000 and no more than 1 200 000 000. Current wording § 11 Proposed wording § 11 An Annual General Meeting shall be held in Göteborg or Stockholm within six months of the expiry of each financial year. General Meetings shall be held in Gothenburg or Stockholm. An Annual General Meeting shall be held in Göteborg or Stockholm within six months of the expiry of each financial year. Item 17 – Resolution on the approval of the remuneration report. The Board of Directors proposes that the Annual General Meeting resolves to approve the Board of Directors' remuneration report. Item 18 – Resolution to grant the Board of Directors the authority to resolve on an issue of new shares  either applying or disapplying shareholders' preferential rights. The Board of Directors' proposal implies that the Board of Directors shall be authorised to  during the period until the next Annual General Meeting  resolve on new share issues  on one or several occasions  with or without deviation from the shareholders' preferential rights and that shares corresponding to maximum ten per cent (10%) of the Company's share capital as of the date for the first exercise of the authorisation may be issued. Further  the proposal implies that an issue may be made against cash payment  by set-off or by contribution in kind. In case of deviation from the shareholders' preferential rights  shares shall be issued on market terms. The purpose of the Board of Directors' proposal is to (i) enable the Company to completely or partially finance any future real property investments and/or acquisitions of real property companies/businesses by issuing new shares as payment in connection with agreements on acquisition of real property  alternatively to raise capital for such investments and/or acquisitions; and/or (ii) enable the Company to strengthen its financial position and/or create a larger liquidity buffer for financing commitments. Item 19 – Resolution to grant the Board of Directors the authority to resolve on an issue of new shares  applying the shareholders' preferential rights. The Board of Directors' proposal implies that the Board of Directors shall be authorised to  during the period until the next Annual General Meeting  resolve on new share issues  on one or several occasions  with preferential rights for the shareholders  for the purpose of strengthening the Company's financial position. The total number of shares that may be issued by virtue of the authorisation shall amount to the number of shares that corresponds to issue proceeds of approximately SEK 10 billion. Other terms and conditions for the new share issue shall be determined by the Board of Directors. Item 20 – Resolution to grant the Board of Directors the authority to resolve on acquisitions and transfers of the Company's own shares. The Board of Directors' proposal implies that the Board of Directors shall be authorised to  during the period until the next Annual General Meeting  resolve on acquisition on one or several occasions  of the Company's own shares provided that the Company after each acquisition will not hold more than ten per cent (10%) of all the shares in the Company  and to transfer all of the Company's own shares with deviation from the shareholders' preferential rights. The objective of the Board of Directors' proposal is to allow the Company to adapt its capital structure to its capital needs from time to time and thereby contribute to an increased shareholder value  and/or to transfer own shares as payment in order to completely or partially finance any future real property investments and/or acquisitions of real property companies/businesses or by using own shares as payment in connection with agreements on acquisition of real property  alternatively to raise capital for such investments and/or acquisitions. This objective does not allow the Company to trade with its own shares for the short-term purpose of making a profit. Item 21 – Resolution to reduce the share capital by way of cancellation of own shares. The Board of Directors proposes that the Annual General Meeting resolves to reduce the Company's share capital by an amount of SEK 8 665 500 by way of cancellation of the 17 331 000 own shares held by the Company as of the date of this notice. The reduction amount shall be allocated to unrestricted equity. The resolution to reduce the share capital by way of cancellation of own shares is conditional upon the Board of Directors utilising the authorisation proposed to be resolved by the Annual General Meeting in accordance with item 19 of the notice convening the Annual General Meeting. The resolution to reduce the share capital may be carried out without obtaining an authorisation from the Swedish Companies Registration Office  since the resolution will not be executed unless the Company simultaneously carries out a rights issue by means of the Board of Directors' exercise of the authorisation proposed to be resolved upon by the Annual General Meeting as set out in item 19 of the notice convening the Annual General Meeting. This entails that the share capital  after the rights issue  will increase by an amount exceeding the amount that the share capital is being reduced with as set out above. Combined  these measures entail that neither the Company's restricted equity nor its share capital is reduced as a result of the cancellation of own shares. Resolutions proposed by the Nomination Committee The Nomination Committee  consisting of Helen Fasth Gillstedt (Chair of the Nomination Committee) appointed by Handelsbanken Fonder  Ralf Spann appointed by Akelius Residential Property AB (publ)  Patrik Tillman appointed by M2 Asset Management AB and M2 Capital Management AB  Johannes Wingborg appointed by Länsförsäkringar Fondförvaltning AB (publ)  and Per Berggren  Chair of the Board of Directors  has made the following proposals: Item 1 – Election of the Chair of the meeting. The Nomination Committee proposes the attorney Wilhelm Lüning to preside as Chair of the Annual General Meeting. Item 12 – Determination of the number of members of the Board of Directors and auditors and deputy auditors. The Board of Directors is proposed to consist of seven Board members and the number of auditors is proposed to be one with no deputy auditor. Item 13 – Determination of the remuneration to be paid to the members of the Board of Directors and the auditor. Remuneration to the members of the Board of Directors is proposed to be the following (2022 remuneration within brackets). The Chair of the Board of Directors: SEK 1 110 000 (SEK 1 075 000) .. Each of the other members of the Board of Directors: SEK 450 000 (SEK 440 000) .. Chair of the People Committee: SEK 100 000 (SEK 100 000) .. Each of the other members of the People Committee: SEK 75 000 (SEK 75 000) .. Chair of the Audit Committee: SEK 220 000 (SEK 220 000) .. Each of the other members of the Audit Committee: SEK 105 000 (SEK 105 000) .. A member of the Board of Directors who is employed by the Company shall not receive remuneration. It is proposed that the auditor's fee shall be paid upon approval of its invoices. Item 14 – Election of members of the Board of Directors and Chair of the Board of Directors. The existing Board members Per Berggren  Anna-Karin Celsing  Henrik Käll  Joacim Sjöberg and Leiv Synnes are proposed to be re-elected as Board members. Further  Louise Richnau and Ann-Louise Lökholm-Klasson are proposed to be elected as new Board members. Per Berggren is proposed to be elected as Chair of the Board of Directors. Louise Richnau was born in 1966 and has a Master of Science in Engineering from KTH and CEFA and CESGA certificates and has worked in the real estate sector for the last 30 years covering investments  transactions  financing  establishment of new business areas  and sustainability issues. Louise Richnau has previous experience from the AP funds (1-3)  operating in a listed environment (Drott Riks AB) and most recently from the partner owned financial advisor  Nordanö. Louise Richnau has also been responsible for the establishment of Brunswick Real Estate Capital  the first Nordic institutional real estate credit fund (today Niam Credit)  which she left in 2019. Today  Louise Richnau works in her own company  primarily with her own investments  often in an advisory capacity or board assignments. Louise Richnau is also a board member of STING's (Stockholm Innovation & Growth) funds  Sunna Group et al. Ann-Louise Lökholm-Klasson was born in 1971 and has been the CEO of Sweco Sverige AB since 2018. Sweco is the leading engineering and architecture consultancy firm in Europe  with more than 6 000 experts in social development in Sweden. Ann-Louise has a background of being manager and leader at Ericsson and has held various senior positions within the Sweco Group. Among other things  she has been responsible for acquisition integration  thereby leading the integration of several acquisitions. She has also been a manager for facility and installation services in real estate and thus possesses knowledge of how digital services to real estate companies can lead to lower carbon footprints  more efficient use of buildings and lower management costs. Ann-Louise sits on the Board of Innovation Businesses  Bemsiq and has previously served on the Board of the Swedish Green Building Council from 2014–2019. More information concerning all members proposed for re-election and new election is available on the Company's website  www.castellum.com. Item 15 – Election of auditor. Ahead of the Annual General Meeting 2023  the Audit Committee has carried out a procurement of audit firms and in accordance with the Audit Committee's recommendation  Deloitte is proposed for re-election as Castellum's auditor until the end of the Annual General Meeting 2024. Deloitte has announced that if the Annual General Meeting resolves to elect Deloitte as auditor  Harald Jagner will continue as the main responsible auditor. Item 16 – Resolution on approval of updated instructions for the Nomination Committee. The Nomination Committee proposes that the following instructions for the Nomination Committee shall be approved by the Annual General Meeting. The instructions for the Nomination Committee shall apply until a resolution regarding change of the procedure for nominating the Nomination Committee is resolved by the General Meeting. General information about the Nomination Committee 1. Under the Swedish Corporate Governance Code (the ""Code"")  companies that are listed on a regulated market shall have a Nomination Committee that represents the company's shareholders. The Nomination Committee is thus the body of the General Meeting for the preparation of certain appointment decisions to be taken by the General Meeting. 2. Under the Code  the Nomination Committee shall prepare proposals on the matters set out below to be resolved upon at the Annual General Meeting (if applicable  at an Extraordinary General Meeting): a) proposal for Chair of the General Meeting  b) proposal for the number of members of the Board of Directors  c) proposal for members of the Board of Directors  d) proposal for Chair of the Board of Directors  e) proposal for remuneration to the members of the Board of Directors  distributed between the Chair of the Board of Directors and other members of the Board of Directors and remuneration for committee work  f) proposal for remuneration to the Company's auditors  g) proposal for auditors  and h) if relevant  proposal for any changes to the instructions for the Nomination Committee. 3. The appointed Nomination Committee shall serve as the Nomination Committee until a new Nomination Committee has been appointed. 4. No remuneration shall be paid to the members of the Nomination Committee. 5. At the request of the Nomination Committee  Castellum shall provide the Nomination Committee with personnel resources  such as secretarial services  in order to facilitate the work of the Nomination Committee. Furthermore  the Company shall bear reasonable costs  e.g. for external consultants  which the Nomination Committee deems necessary in order to fulfil the Nomination Committee's assignments. Composition of the Nomination Committee 1. The Nomination Committee shall be appointed by the Chairman of the Board of Directors contacting the four largest shareholders (in terms of voting rights)  registered in the share register kept by Euroclear Sweden AB as per the last business day in August each year or the largest otherwise known shareholders  and asking them to appoint one member each to the Nomination Committee. Should such a shareholder not wish to appoint a member  the next largest registered shareholder in terms of voting rights or otherwise known shareholders shall be asked  and so on. 2. A major shareholder or group of shareholders shall be entitled to appoint one but not more members of the Nomination Committee. If the Chairman of the Board of Directors of the Company is employed by or is otherwise not independent in relation to one of the shareholders that is entitled to appoint a member of the Nomination Committee  that shareholder shall not have the right to appoint a member. In such an event  the Chairman of the Company's Board of Directors shall then be deemed to be appointed by that shareholder. 3. The appointed members  together with the Chairman of the Board of Directors of the Company  who is the convening member  shall constitute the Nomination Committee. The names of the members of the Nomination Committee and the names of the shareholders by whom they have been appointed shall be announced no later than six months prior to each Annual General Meeting. 4. Unless the members of the Nomination Committee have agreed otherwise  the member appointed by the largest shareholder shall be the Chairman of the Nomination Committee. The Chairman of the Nomination Committee shall have the casting vote in the event that votes are equal. 5. A member of the Nomination Committee shall  before accepting the assignment  carefully consider whether any conflict of interest or other circumstance exists that makes it inappropriate to serve on the Nomination Committee. 6. The members of the Nomination Committee are subject to a confidentiality obligation regarding Castellum's business and this obligation shall  at the Company's request  be confirmed by the members by signing a confidentiality undertaking. Changes to the composition of the Nomination Committee 1. If  more than two months prior to the Annual General Meeting  a new shareholder passes (in terms of voting rights) one of the shareholders in the list of shareholders that have appointed a member of the Nomination Committee  this shareholder may contact the Chairman of the Nomination Committee and request the appointment of a member of the Nomination Committee. In such an event  the member appointed by the shareholder with the lowest number of votes shall resign from the Nomination Committee. 2. If a shareholder who has appointed a member of the Nomination Committee has disposed a significant proportion of its shareholding  so that it is no longer one of the four largest shareholders (in terms of voting rights) more than two months prior to the Annual General Meeting  the appointed member shall make its seat available. The Chairman of the Nomination Committee shall then contact the largest shareholder in terms of voting rights who has not previously been offered a seat. If the latter does not wish to appoint a member  the matter shall be passed on to the next shareholder in line  and so on. 3. Shareholders who have appointed a member to the Nomination Committee shall be entitled to dismiss such member and appoint a new representative as a member of the Nomination Committee. 4. Changes to the composition of the Nomination Committee shall be announced as soon as they occur. Other information Number of shares and votes At the date of this notice  there are in total 345 731 968 shares and votes in the Company  of which the Company holds 17 331 000 own shares. Majority rules Resolutions in accordance with the Board of Directors' proposals regarding items 10  18  20 and 21 of the agenda are only valid if supported by shareholders holding at least two thirds (2/3) of both the votes cast as well as the shares represented at the Annual General Meeting. Documentation The annual accounts  the audit report and the Board of Directors' remuneration report pursuant to Chapter 8  Section 53 a of the Swedish Companies Act will be available at the Company's head offices at Hangövägen 20  floor 4  Stockholm and Östra Hamngatan 16  Gothenburg  and on the Company's website  www.castellum.com  in connection with the disclosure of the Company's annual report on 28 February 2023. The auditor's statement according to item 6 (b)  as well as other proposals  and related documents  regarding item 10 and items 18-21 will be available at the Company's head offices (please see the adresses above) and on the Company's website no later than 2 March 2023. As to other proposals  complete proposals can be found under each item in this notice. The Nomination Committee's complete proposal for resolutions  including a proposal for updated instructions for the Nomination Committee  information regarding the proposed Board members  its statement concerning the Nomination Committee's proposal regarding the Board of Directors and report on the Nomination Committee's work can be found on the Company's website  www.castellum.com. The documents are considered presented by being held available at the Company's head offices and on the Company's website  www.castellum.com. The above documents will  as from the day they are available  be sent to shareholders  who have stated their postal address  upon request. Processing of personal data For information on how your personal data is processed  see https://www.euroclear.com/dam/ESwithLegal/Privacy-notice-bolagsstammor-engelska.pdf. Gothenburg in February 2023CASTELLUM AKTIEBOLAGThe Board of Directors For further information  please contact:Anna-Karin Nyman  Communications Director  Castellum AB  arsstamma@castellum.se The following files are available for download: https://mb.cision.com/Main/8364/3717581/1859200.pdf Notice convening the Annual General Meeting of Castellum Aktiebolag View original content: https://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/notice-convening-the-annual-general-meeting-of-castellum-aktiebolag-301750543.html SOURCE Castellum© PRNewswire 2023 All news about CASTELLUM AB (PUBL) 02:42a Notice convening the Annual General Meeting of Castellum Aktiebolag PR 02:31a Notice convening the Annual General Meeting of Castellum Aktiebolag AQ 02/15 The Nomination Committee's proposal for resolutions at the Annual General Meeting 2023 .. PR 02/15 The Nomination Committee's proposal for resolutions at the Annual General Meeting 2023 .. AQ 02/15 Moody's Affirms Castellum's Ratings After SEK10 Billion Equity Raise MT 02/13 European shares rise as defence stocks rally RE 02/13 European shares rise as defense stocks rally  focus on U.S. inflation data RE 02/13 European shares edge higher  real estate stocks slide RE 02/13 Transcript : Castellum AB  Q4 2022 Earnings Call  Feb 13  2023 CI 02/13 US Futures Fall  European Stocks Mostly Up Ahead of US Inflation Data DJ",neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,mixed,0.33,0.1,0.57,True,English,"['Annual General Meeting', 'Castellum Aktiebolag', 'Notice', 'other corresponding authorisation documentation', 'Hangövägen', 'Swedish Companies Act', 'social security number', 'Euroclear Sweden AB', 'Annual General Meeting', 'multiple email addresses', 'Voting rights registrations', 'state name/business name', 'company registration number', 'postal voting form', 'telephone number', 'meeting venue', 'registration certificate', 'postal vote', 'Reg. No.', 'head office', 'Sw. aktiebolagslagen', 'share register', 'dated power', 'subject line', 'First name', 'special form', 'Castellum Aktiebolag', 'specific instructions', 'Further instructions', 'Nominee-registered shares', 'legal person', 'Notice', 'commas', 'Message', 'fields', 'GOTHENBURG', 'Feb.', 'PRNewswire', 'shareholders', 'Thursday', 'March', 'CET', 'floor', 'Stockholm', 'entrance', 'Board', 'Directors', 'Chapter', 'Section', 'Articles', 'Assocation', 'proxy', 'beverages', 'food', 'Notification', 'Wednesday', 'participation', 'Friday', 'Box', 'website', 'vpc', 'written', 'attorney', 'accordance', 'GeneralMeetingService', 'BankID', 'conditions', 'entirety', 'order', 'addition', 'request', 'routines', 'time', 'account', 'presentation', '5', '4.30', '101']",2023-02-20,2023-02-20,marketscreener.com
18808,Euroclear,NewsApi.org,https://www.prnewswire.co.uk/news-releases/notice-convening-the-annual-general-meeting-of-ab-electrolux-301750538.html,Notice convening the Annual General Meeting of AB Electrolux,STOCKHOLM  Feb. 20  2023 /PRNewswire/ -- The shareholders of AB Electrolux  reg. no. 556009-4178  are hereby given notice of the Annual General Meeting to be held on Wednesday  March 29  2023 at 4.00 p.m. (CET) at Münchenbryggeriet  Torkel Knutssonsgatan 2  S…,"STOCKHOLM  Feb. 20  2023 /PRNewswire/ -- The shareholders of AB Electrolux  reg. no. 556009-4178  are hereby given notice of the Annual General Meeting to be held on Wednesday  March 29  2023 at 4.00 p.m. (CET) at Münchenbryggeriet  Torkel Knutssonsgatan 2  Stockholm  Sweden. Admission and registration will commence at 3.15 p.m. (CET).The Board of Directors has decided that the shareholders also shall be able to exercise their voting rights by postal voting before the Annual General Meeting  as instructed below.The Annual General Meeting will also be webcasted live via the Group's website  www.electroluxgroup.com/agm2023.The Annual General Meeting will be conducted in Swedish and simultaneously translated into English.Registration and notificationParticipation at the meeting venueA person who wishes to participate at the meeting venue   in person or by proxy  mustbe listed as a shareholder in the presentation of the share register prepared by Euroclear Sweden AB concerning the circumstances on Tuesday  March 21  2023 ; and; and give notice of its participation no later than Thursday  March 23   2023  2023 by telephone +46 8 402 92 79 on weekdays between 9 a.m. and 4 p.m. (CET)   by letter to AB Electrolux  c/o Euroclear Sweden AB  Box 191  SE-101 23 Stockholm  Sweden   or  orvia the Group's website  www.electroluxgroup.com/agm2023The notification must include the shareholder's name  personal or corporate identification number  address and telephone number  and any assistants. If a shareholder is represented by proxy  a written and dated power of attorney signed by the shareholder shall be issued for the representative. In order to facilitate registration at the Annual General Meeting  the power of attorney should be sent to the company in advance to the address above. Proxy forms are available on the Group's website www.electroluxgroup.com/agm2023 and are also provided by the company upon request. If the shareholder is a legal entity  a registration certificate or other supporting document which shows the authorized signatory  should be sent to the address stated above prior to the meeting.Postal votingA person who wishes to participate in the Annual General Meeting by postal voting mustbe listed as a shareholder in the presentation of the share register prepared by Euroclear Sweden AB concerning the circumstances on Tuesday  March 21  2023 ; and; and give notice of its participation no later than Thursday  March 23  2023  by casting its postal vote in accordance with the instructions below so that the postal voting form is received by Euroclear Sweden AB no later than that day.A person who wishes to attend the meeting venue in person or by proxy  must give notice in accordance with the instructions listed under ""Participation at the meeting venue"" above. Hence  a notice of participation only through postal voting is not sufficient for a shareholder who wishes to attend the meeting venue.A special form shall be used for postal voting. The form for postal voting is available at the Group's website www.electroluxgroup.com/agm2023 and will be provided by the company upon request. In case of postal voting only  no separate notification of participation in the Annual General Meeting is required.The completed and signed form must be sent by post to AB Electrolux (publ)  c/o Euroclear Sweden AB  Box 191  SE-101 23 Stockholm  Sweden or by e-mail to GeneralMeetingService@euroclear.com. Shareholders may also cast their votes electronically through verification with BankID via Euroclear Sweden AB's website https://anmalan.vpc.se/EuroclearProxy/. The postal vote must be received by Euroclear Sweden AB no later than Thursday  March 23  2023.If the shareholder submits its postal vote by proxy  a written and dated power of attorney signed by the shareholder must be attached to the form. Proxy forms are available on the Group's website www.electroluxgroup.com/agm2023 and are also provided by the company upon request. If the shareholder is a legal entity  a registration certificate or other supporting document which shows the authorized signatory must be attached to the form.The shareholder may not provide specific instructions or conditions to the postal vote. If so  the vote (i.e. the postal vote in its entirety) is invalid. Further instructions and conditions are included in the form for postal voting and at https://anmalan.vpc.se/EuroclearProxy/.Shares registered in the name of a nomineeIn order to be entitled to participate in the meeting  a shareholder whose shares are registered in the name of a nominee must  in addition to giving notice of participation in the Annual General Meeting  register its shares in its own name so that the shareholder is listed in the presentation of the share register as of the record date Tuesday  March 21  2023. Such re-registration may be temporary (so-called voting rights registration)  and request for such voting rights registration shall be made to the nominee  in accordance with the nominee's routines  at such time in advance as decided by the nominee. Voting rights registrations that have been made by the nominee no later than Thursday  March 23  2023 will be taken into account in the presentation of the share register.Agenda1. Election of Chairman of the General Meeting.2. Preparation and approval of the voting list.3. Approval of the agenda.4. Election of two minutes-checkers.5. Determination as to whether the meeting has been properly convened.6. Presentation of the Annual Report and the Audit Report as well as the Consolidated Accounts and the Audit Report for the Group.7. Presentation by the President and CEO  Jonas Samuelson.8. Resolution on adoption of the Income Statement and the Balance Sheet as well as the Consolidated Income Statement and the Consolidated Balance Sheet.9. Resolution on discharge from liability of the Directors and the President for 2022.10. Resolution on dispositions in respect of the company's profit or loss pursuant to the adopted Balance Sheet.11. Determination of the number of Directors and Deputy Directors.12. Determination of fees to the Board of Directors and the Auditor.13. Election of Board of Directors and Chairman of the Board of Directors.a. Election of Staffan Bohman as Director. (re-election)b. Election of Petra Hedengran as Director. (re-election)c. Election of Henrik Henriksson as Director. (re-election)d. Election of Ulla Litzén as Director. (re-election)e. Election of Karin Overbeck as Director. (re-election)f. Election of Fredrik Persson as Director. (re-election)g. Election of David Porter as Director. (re-election)h. Election of Jonas Samuelson as Director. (re-election)i. Election of Staffan Bohman as Chairman. (re-election)14. Election of Auditor. (re-election)15. Resolution on approval of Remuneration Report.16. Resolutions ona. acquisition of own shares;b. transfer of own shares on account of company acquisitions; andc. transfer of own shares on account of the share program for 2021.17. Resolutions ona. implementation of a performance based  long-term share program for 2023; andb. transfer of own shares to the participants in the long-term share program for 2023.18. Closing of the meeting.Item 1 – Chairman of the MeetingThe Electrolux Nomination Committee  consisting of the Chairman Johan Forssell (Investor AB) and the members Carina Silberg (Alecta)  Sussi Kvart (Handelsbanken Funds)  Tomas Risbecker (AMF Tjänstepension och Fonder)  Staffan Bohman and Fredrik Persson (Chairman and Director  respectively  of the Board of Directors of the company)  proposes:Björn Kristiansson  member of the Swedish Bar Association  as chairman of the Annual General Meeting.Item 2 – Preparation and approval of the voting listThe voting list proposed to be approved is the voting list prepared by Euroclear Sweden AB on behalf of the company  based on the General Meeting share register  shareholders having given notice of participation and being present at the meeting venue  and received postal votes.Item 10 – Dispositions in respect of the company's profit or loss pursuant to the adopted Balance SheetThe Board of Directors proposes that no dividend shall be distributed for the fiscal year 2022 and that available funds will be carried forward in the new accounts.Item 11 – Number of Directors and Deputy DirectorsThe Nomination Committee proposes:Eight Directors and no Deputy Directors.Item 12 – Fees to the Board of Directors and the AuditorThe Nomination Committee proposes fees as follows to Directors not employed by Electrolux:SEK 2 475 000 to the Chairman of the Board of Directors and SEK 720 000 to each of the other Directors appointed by the Annual General Meeting;to each of the other Directors appointed by the Annual General Meeting; for committee work  to the members who are appointed by the Board of Directors: SEK 310 000 to the Chairman of the Audit Committee and SEK 195 000 to each of the other members of the Audit Committee and SEK 180 000 to the Chairman of the People Committee and SEK 125 000 to each of the other members of the People Committee; andto each of the other members of the People Committee; and SEK 60 000 to the members who are appointed by the Board of Directors to participate in any other committee established by the Board of Directors.The Nomination Committee also proposes that the Auditor's fee be paid as incurred  for the Auditor's term of office  on approved account.Item 13 – Election of the Board of Directors and Chairman of the BoardThe Nomination Committee proposes:Re-election of Directors Staffan Bohman   Petra Hedengran  Henrik Henriksson   Ulla Litzén  Karin Overbeck   Fredrik Persson   David Porter and Jonas Samuelson .  Petra Hedengran    Ulla Litzén      and . Re-election of Staffan Bohman as Chairman of the Board of Directors.Item 14 – Election of AuditorThe Nomination Committee proposes  in accordance with the recommendation by the Audit Committee  re-election of the audit firm PricewaterhouseCoopers AB as the company's auditor for the period until the end of the 2024 Annual General Meeting.Item 16 – Resolutions on a) acquisition of own shares  b) transfer of own shares on account of company acquisitions  and c) transfer of own shares on account of the share program for 2021Electrolux has previously  on the basis of authorizations by the Annual General Meetings  acquired own shares for the purpose of using these shares to finance potential company acquisitions  as a hedge for the company's share related incentive programs as well as to be able to adapt the company's capital structure  thereby contributing to increased shareholder value.The Board of Directors makes the assessment that it continues to be advantageous for the company to be able to continue to use repurchased shares on account of potential company acquisitions  the company's share related incentive programs as well as to adapt the company's capital structure  thereby contributing to increased shareholder value. Even though the Board of Directors currently has no intention to exercise an authorization to acquire additional own shares  the Board of Directors proposes the authorization is to be renewed as an authorization is valid until the following Annual General Meeting. The Board of Directors would then be able to decide to repurchase own shares  if the conditions are appropriate and the Board of Directors were to find it would be in the best interests of the company and the shareholders.In view of the above  the Board of Directors proposes as follows.16 a) Acquisition of own sharesThe Board of Directors proposes the Annual General Meeting to authorize the Board of Directors  for the period until the next Annual General Meeting on one or several occasions  to resolve on acquisitions of shares in the company as follows.The company may acquire as a maximum so many shares of series B that  following each acquisition  the company holds at a maximum 10 per cent of all shares issued by the company. The shares may be acquired on Nasdaq Stockholm. Acquisition of shares may only be made at a price per share within the prevailing price interval for the share from time to time. Payment for the shares shall be made in cash.The purpose of the proposal is to be able to use repurchased shares on account of potential company acquisitions  the company's share related incentive programs as well as to be able to adapt the company's capital structure  thereby contributing to increased shareholder value.The Board of Directors has issued a statement pursuant to Chapter 19  Section 22 of the Swedish Companies Act.16 b) Transfer of own shares on account of company acquisitionsThe Board of Directors proposes the Annual General Meeting to authorize the Board of Directors  for the period until the next Annual General Meeting on one or several occasions  to resolve on transfers of the company's own shares in connection with or as a consequence of company acquisitions as follows.Own shares of series B held by the company at the time of the Board of Director's decision may be transferred. The shares may be transferred with deviation from the shareholders' preferential rights. Transfer of shares may be made at a minimum price per share corresponding to an amount in close connection with the price of the company's shares on Nasdaq Stockholm at the time of the decision on the transfer. Payment for the transferred shares may be made in cash  by contributions in kind or by a set-off of company debt.16 c) Transfer of own shares on account of the share program for 2021The Board of Directors proposes  on account of the share program for 2021  that the Annual General Meeting resolves that the company shall be entitled  for the period until the next Annual General Meeting on one or several occasions  to transfer a maximum of 1 544 925 shares of series B in the company for the purpose of covering costs  including social security charges  that may arise as a result of the aforementioned program. Such transfers may take place on Nasdaq Stockholm at a price within the prevailing price interval from time to time.Majority requirementIn order for the resolutions by the General Meeting in accordance with the Board of Directors' proposals under items 16 a)  b)  and c) above to be valid  the resolutions must be accepted by shareholders holding no less than two thirds of the votes cast as well as the shares represented at the General Meeting.Item 17 – Resolutions on a) implementation of a performance based  long-term share program for 2023  and b) transfer of own shares to the participants in the long-term share program for 2023BackgroundThe Board of Directors has decided to propose a long-term incentive program for 2023 (the ""Share Program 2023""). The Board is convinced that the proposed program will be beneficial to the company's shareholders as it will contribute to the possibilities to recruit and retain competent employees  is expected to increase the commitment and the motivation of the program participants and will strengthen the participants' ties to the Electrolux Group and its shareholders.Proposals of the Board of DirectorsThe Board of Directors proposes that the Annual General Meeting resolves a) to implement Share Program 2023  and b) to transfer own shares  free of consideration  to the participants in Share Program 2023.17 a) Implementation of Share Program 2023The Board of Directors proposes  in view of the above  that the Annual General Meeting resolves to implement Share Program 2023 with the following principal terms and conditions:a. The program is proposed to include up to 900 senior managers and key employees of the Electrolux Group  who are divided into seven groups; the President and CEO (""Group 1"")  other members of Group Management (""Group 2"")  and five additional groups for other senior managers and key employees (""Group 3-7""). Invitation to participate in the program shall be provided by Electrolux no later than on May 16  2023.b. Participants are offered to be allocated Performance Shares  provided that the participant remains employed until January 1  2026. Exemptions to this requirement may be prescribed in specific cases  including a participant's death  disability  retirement or the divestiture through a sale  spin-off or otherwise of the participant's employing company from the Electrolux Group.c. The Performance Shares shall be based on maximum performance values for each participant category. The maximum performance value for the participants in Group 1 will be 100 per cent of the participant's annual base salary for 2023  for participants in Group 2  90 per cent of the participant's annual base salary for 2023  for participants in Group 3  80 per cent of the participant's annual base salary for 2023  for participants in Group 4  60 per cent of the participant's annual base salary for 2023  for participants in Group 5  50 per cent of the participant's annual base salary for 2023  for participants in Group 6  40 per cent of the participant's annual base salary for 2023  and for participants in Group 7  20 per cent of the participant's annual base salary for 2023. The total sum of the maximum values of the Performance Shares thus defined for all participants will not exceed SEK 583m excluding social costs.d. Each maximum value shall thereafter be converted into a maximum number of Performance Shares1   based on the average closing price paid for Electrolux shares of series B on Nasdaq Stockholm during a period of ten trading days before the day the participants are invited to participate in the program  reduced by the present value of estimated dividend payments for the period until shares are allotted.e. The calculation of the number of Performance Shares shall be connected to performance targets for the Group  for the performance period  established by the Board for (i) cumulative earnings per share2 and (ii) CO 2 reduction3. The performance targets adopted by the Board will stipulate a minimum level and a maximum level  with the relative weight of the performance targets (i) and (ii) being 80 per cent and 20 per cent respectively. For the participants in Group 1 and 2 (Group Management)  the granted Performance Shares based on (i) and (ii) will be multiplied by 0.75-1.25 depending on the outcome of a relative total shareholder return target4. The performance period is the financial years 2023-2025 with respect to each of the performance targets.f. Performance outcome of the established performance targets will be determined by the Board after the expiry of the three-year performance period in 2026. If the maximum performance level is reached or exceeded  the allocation will amount to (and will not exceed) the maximum number of Performance Shares following from items c) and d). If performance is below the maximum level but exceeds the minimum level  a proportionate allocation of shares will be made. No allocation will be made if performance amounts to or is below the minimum level. Information on the performance targets and the outcome will be provided no later than in connection with the allocation of Performance Shares in accordance with item g).g. If all conditions in the Share Program 2023 are met  allocation of Performance Shares will take place in the first half of 2026. Allocation will be free of charge except for tax liabilities.h. Certain deviations in or adjustments of the terms and conditions for the Share Program 2023 may be made based on local rules and regulations as well as applicable market practice or market conditions or where appropriate due to group re-organizations  including cash settlement instead of delivery of shares under certain circumstances.i. The Board of Directors  or a committee established by the Board for these purposes  shall be responsible for the preparation and management of the Share Program 2023  within the framework of the aforementioned terms and conditions.j. If material changes would occur within the Electrolux Group or on the market that  according to the Board's assessment  would lead to the conditions for allocation of Performance Shares no longer being reasonable  the Board will have the right to make also other adjustments of the Share Program 2023  including e.g. a right to resolve on a reduced allotment of shares.Costs for the Share Program 2023The total costs for the Share Program 2023 if the maximum number of Performance Shares are delivered  are estimated to a maximum of SEK 639m  which corresponds to approximately 3.1 per cent of total employment cost for 2022. The costs will be recognized over the years 2023-2025. The costs have been calculated as the sum of salary costs  including social costs  and administration costs for the program. Administration costs are estimated to be less than SEK 1m. If no allotment of shares is made  only administration costs will arise.The costs have been calculated based on the value  at the start of the program  of the Performance Shares that may be allotted at maximum performance  with a reduction of the present value of estimated dividend payments during a three-year period. The estimate on maximum costs assumes maximum performance and that the number of participants that will leave the Group during the performance period is the same as the historical average since the introduction of share programs in 2004. In the calculation  a maximum share price of SEK 247 per share has been applied.If repurchased own shares would be allocated under the program the number of outstanding shares is estimated to increase with not more than 3 965 000 shares of series B.5 Such maximum increase would have a dilutive effect on earnings per share of approximately 1.38 per cent. The total maximum increase in the number of outstanding shares of all outstanding share programs is estimated to not more than 7 874 000 shares of series B  corresponding to a dilutive effect on earnings per share of approximately 2.71 per cent. In this calculation  maximum allotment of shares has been assumed for Share Program 2023 and expected allotment has been assumed for the share programs for 2021 and 2022.Hedging measures for the Share Program 2023In order to implement Share Program 2023 in a cost-effective and flexible manner  the Board of Directors has considered various methods for transfer of shares to the participants. The Board of Directors has found that the most cost-effective alternative is transfer of own shares  and thus proposes that the Annual General Meeting resolves on transfer of own shares in accordance with item 17 b) below.Should the majority required under item 17 b) below not be reached  Electrolux intends to enter into an equity swap agreement with a third party.17 b) Resolution on transfers of own shares to the participants in Share Program 2023In order to secure the delivery of Performance Shares in accordance with the terms and conditions of Share Program 2023  the Board of Directors proposes that the Annual General Meeting resolves that the company shall transfer a maximum of 3 965 000 shares of series B in the company on the following terms and conditions:The right to receive shares shall be granted to such persons within the Electrolux Group covered by the terms and conditions pursuant to Share Program 2023. Furthermore  subsidiaries within the Electrolux Group shall have the right to acquire shares  free of consideration  and such subsidiaries shall be obligated to immediately transfer  free of consideration  shares to employees covered by the terms and conditions of Share Program 2023. The employee shall have the right to receive shares during the period when the employee is entitled to receive shares pursuant to the terms and conditions of Share Program 2023  i.e. in 2026. Employees covered by the terms and conditions of Share Program 2023 shall receive shares of series B in the company free of consideration. The number of shares of series B in Electrolux that may be transferred under Share Program 2023 will be subject to recalculation as a result of intervening bonus issues  splits  rights issues and/or other similar corporate events.Majority requirementsThe resolution of the Annual General Meeting to implement the program according to item 17 a) above requires that more than half of the votes cast at the Annual General Meeting approve the proposal. The Annual General Meeting's resolution on transfer of own shares  according to item 17 b) above requires that shareholders representing at least nine-tenths of the votes cast as well as the shares represented at the Annual General Meeting approve the proposal.Preparation of the proposal for the Share Program 2023The proposal regarding the Share Program 2023 has been prepared by the People Committee and the Board of Directors.Previous incentive programs in ElectroluxFor a description of the company's other share related incentive programs  reference is made to the Annual Report for 2022  note 27  and the Group's website  www.electroluxgroup.com. In addition to the programs described  no other share related incentive programs have been implemented in Electrolux.Shares and votesAs of February 17  2023  there are in total 283 077 393 shares in the company of which 8 192 348 are series A shares  each carrying one vote  and 274 885 045 are series B shares  each carrying one-tenth of a vote  corresponding to in total 35 680 852.5 votes. As of the same date the company holds 13 049 115 own shares of series B  corresponding to 1 304 911.5 votes that may not be represented at the General Meeting.Shareholders' right to receive informationThe Board of Directors and the President and CEO shall  if any shareholder so requests and the Board of Directors believes that it can be done without material harm to the company  at the Annual General Meeting  provide information regarding circumstances that may affect the assessment of an item on the agenda and circumstances that may affect the assessment of the company's or its subsidiaries' financial situation and the company's relation to other companies within the Group. Shareholders wishing to submit questions in advance may send them to AB Electrolux (publ)  General Counsel  SE-105 45 Stockholm  Sweden or by e-mail at agm@electrolux.com.Processing of personal dataFor information on how your personal data is processed  see https://www.euroclear.com/dam/ESwithLegal/Privacy-notice-bolagsstammor-engelska.pdfDocumentsThe Board of Directors' complete proposals are set out above. Information about persons proposed as members of the Board of Directors of Electrolux  information about proposed Auditor and the Nomination Committee's statement etc.  can be found on the Group's website  www.electroluxgroup.com/agm2023. The Annual Report  the Auditor's Report  the Auditor's statement pursuant to Chapter 8  Section 54 of the Swedish Companies Act regarding the remuneration guidelines for the group management  the Remuneration Report pursuant to Chapter 8  Section 53 a of the Swedish Companies Act  and the Board of Directors' statement pursuant to Chapter 19  Section 22 of the Swedish Companies Act relating to the proposal under item 16 a) above will be available at the company  AB Electrolux  S:t Göransgatan 143  SE-105 45 Stockholm  Sweden and on the Group's website  www.electroluxgroup.com/agm2023  no later than March 8  2023. The documents will also be sent to shareholders who so request and state their address.Stockholm in February 2023AB Electrolux (publ)THE BOARD OF DIRECTORS1 With a possibility for the Board of Directors to make adjustments for extraordinary events such as bonus issue  split  rights issue and/or other similar events.2 Earnings per share as defined in the financial statements on a cumulative basis during the entire performance period (with a possibility for the Board of Directors to make adjustments for extraordinary events).3 The CO 2 reduction target refers to greenhouse gas reductions within the following three areas: (i) operations  (ii) transportation and (iii) energy from product use  with the relative weight of the three areas being 25 per cent for each of area (i) and (ii) and 50 per cent for area (iii). The target will be measured on selected predefined product categories and regions.4 The relative total shareholder return target refers to Electrolux Group's total shareholder return (TSR) (share price appreciation added by sum of all dividends received during the performance period) performance versus the FTSE EMEA Consumer Discretionary index during 2023-2025. If Electrolux TSR is at or below the lower quartile of the index  a multiplier of 0.75 will apply. If TSR is at or above the upper quartile  a multiplier of 1.25 will apply. If TSR is below the upper quartile but exceeds the lower quartile a proportionate multiplier between 0.75 and 1.25 will apply. The Board of Directors will have the possibility to make adjustments for extraordinary events such as a change of the composition of the index during the performance period.5 With a possibility for the Board of Directors to make adjustments for extraordinary events such as bonus issue  split  rights issue and/or other similar events.For further information  please contact:Electrolux Group Press Hotline  +46 8 657 65 07The following files are available for download:https://mb.cision.com/Main/1853/3717392/1857548.pdf 2023_PR_Notice AGM 2023_Eng_Final 2SOURCE Electrolux Group",neutral,0.0,0.99,0.0,negative,0.0,0.0,1.0,True,English,"['Annual General Meeting', 'AB Electrolux', 'Notice', 'The Annual General Meeting', 'other supporting document', 'corporate identification number', 'Euroclear Sweden AB', 'voting rights registration', 'postal voting form', 'AB Electrolux', 'meeting venue', 'Münchenbryggeriet', 'Torkel Knutssonsgatan', 'share register', 'telephone number', 'legal entity', 'authorized signatory', 'record date', 'Such re-registration', 'postal vote', 'registration certificate', 'dated power', 'specific instructions', 'Further instructions', 'special form', 'Proxy forms', 'separate notification', 'Feb.', 'shareholders', 'notice', 'Wednesday', 'March', 'CET', 'Stockholm', 'Admission', 'Board', 'Directors', 'Group', 'website', 'Swedish', 'English', 'Participation', 'person', 'presentation', 'circumstances', 'Tuesday', 'Thursday', 'weekdays', '9 a', 'letter', 'Box', 'agm2023', 'name', 'address', 'assistants', 'written', 'attorney', 'representative', 'order', 'company', 'advance', 'request', 'accordance', 'case', 'publ', 'mail', 'GeneralMeetingService', 'votes', 'verification', 'BankID', 'vpc', 'EuroclearProxy', 'conditions', 'entirety', 'Shares', 'nominee', 'addition', 'routines', 'time', '4.00', '3.15']",2023-02-20,2023-02-20,prnewswire.co.uk
18809,Euroclear,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/ROBIT-OYJ-22252925/news/SUMMONS-TO-ROBIT-PLC-S-ANNUAL-GENERAL-MEETING-43033476/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230220,SUMMONS TO ROBIT PLC'S ANNUAL GENERAL MEETING,(marketscreener.com) ROBIT PLC        STOCK EXCHANGE RELEASE        20 FEBRUARY 2023 AT 12.00 PM                      SUMMONS TO ROBIT PLC’S ANNUAL GENERAL MEETING The shareholders...https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/ROBIT-OYJ-22252925/news/SUMMONS-T…,ROBIT PLC STOCK EXCHANGE RELEASE 20 FEBRUARY 2023 AT 12.00 PMSUMMONS TO ROBIT PLC’S ANNUAL GENERAL MEETINGThe shareholders of Robit Plc are hereby invited to the Annual General Meeting to be held on Wednesday  15 March 2023 from 2.00 pm onwards at Tampere Hall  address Yliopistonkatu 55  33100  Tampere  Finland. The reception of registered participants and the distribution of ballots will commence at 1.30 pm.A. Matters on the agenda of the general meetingThe following matters will be discussed at the General Meeting:1. Opening of the meeting2. Calling the meeting to order3. Election of persons to scrutinise the minutes and to supervise the counting of votes4. Recording the legality of the meeting5. Recording attendance at the meeting and adoption of the list of votes6. Presentation of the financial statements and consolidated financial statements  the annual report and the auditor’s report for the year 2022Review by the CEO.7. The adoption of the financial statements  which also includes the adoption of consolidated financial statements8. Use of the profit shown in the balance sheet and deciding on the payment of dividendsThe Board of Directors proposes to the Annual General Meeting that the profit for the financial year 2022 would be recorded to retained earnings and a dividend of EUR 0.02 per share would be distributed for the 2022 financial period.A shareholder who is entered in the company's shareholder register maintained by Euroclear Finland Ltd on the record date of the dividend on 22 September 2023 is entitled to a dividend. The dividend shall be paid on 29 September 2023.9. Resolution on the discharge of the members of the Board of Directors and the CEO from liability10. Handling of remuneration report for governing bodiesThe Board of Directors proposes that the remuneration report for governing bodies be approved. The decision is advisory in accordance with the Limited Liability Companies Act. The remuneration report will be available on the company’s website at https://www.robitgroup.com/investor/corporate-governance/general-meeting/ no later than on 22 February 2023.11. Resolution on the number of Board MembersThe Shareholders’ Nomination Board proposes to the Annual General Meeting that six (6) members be appointed to the Board of Directors.12. Resolution on the remuneration of the Board MembersThe Shareholders’ Nomination Board proposes to the Annual General Meeting that the annual remuneration payable to the Chairman of the Board is EUR 55 000  and to each Board Member is EUR 30 000  of which 40% will be paid as shares and the remaining 60% as an advance tax withheld and paid to the Finnish Tax Administration by the company.The Shareholders’ Nomination Board also proposes to the Annual General Meeting that the additional compensation of EUR 500 will be paid to the Board Members for each board meeting or committee meeting they have attended. Should the meeting be organised remotely  and it lasts maximum 1 hour  will the compensation be EUR 250 per meeting. Additionally  other costs such as travel  and lodging expenses will also be compensated.The annual remuneration for the entire term of office will be paid to the Chairman of the Board and to the Board Members in December 2023. The shares that form part of the remuneration payable to the Chairman of the Board and to the Board Members can be new shares issued by the company or shares acquired thereby pursuant to an authorisation provided to the Board of Directors by the General Meeting. The receiver of the remuneration will pay the applicable transfer tax.13. Election of the Board MembersThe Shareholders’ Nomination Board proposes to the General Meeting that current Board MembersMikko Kuitunen  Anne Leskelä  Harri Sjöholm  Markku Teräsvasara  Eeva-Liisa Virkkunenbe re-elected for a new term of office.The Shareholders’ Nomination Board further proposes thatLasse Ahobe elected as new member of the Board of Directors.The current Board Member  Kim Gran has announced that he will no longer be available for re-election to the Board of Directors.The Board Members’ term of office will continue until the end of Annual General Meeting held in 2024.All candidates have consented to being elected to the position of Board Member and all are independent of the company and its significant shareholders  except for Harri Sjöholm  who is dependent on a significant shareholder of the company.The candidates’ profiles are available on Robit Plc’s website at https://www.robitgroup.com/investor/corporate-governance/general-meeting/ .14. Resolution on the remuneration of the auditorThe Board of Directors proposes to the General Meeting that the remuneration of the elected auditor be paid in accordance with an invoice approved by the company.15. Election of the auditorThe Board of Directors recommends that PricewaterhouseCoopers Oy (PwC) be elected as the company’s auditor for a term of office expiring at the end of the following Annual General Meeting. PricewaterhouseCoopers Oy has announced that it intends to appoint Markku Katajisto  Authorised Public Accountant  as the company’s principal responsible auditor.16. Authorising the Board of Directors to decide on the acquisition of the company’s own shares and/or accepting them as a pledgeThe Board of Directors proposes that the General Meeting authorises the Board of Directors to decide upon the acquisition of a maximum of 2 117 990 of the company’s own shares and/or accepting the same number of the company’s own shares as a pledge  in one or several tranches  by using the company’s unrestricted shareholders’ equity. The maximum total of shares that will be acquired and/or accepted as a pledge corresponds to 10% of all shares in the company as of the date of this summons. However  the company cannot  together with its subsidiary companies  own or accept as a pledge altogether more than 10% of its own shares at any point in time. The company’s shares may be purchased under this authorisation solely by using unrestricted shareholders’ equity.The shares will be acquired otherwise than in proportion to the share ownership of the shareholders via public trading arranged by Nasdaq Helsinki Ltd at the market price on the date on which the acquisition is made or otherwise at a price formed on the market. The Board of Directors proposes that this authorisation be used e.g. for the purposes of implementing the company’s share-based incentive systems or for other purposes as decided by the Board of Directors.The Board of Directors proposes that this authorisation be considered to cancel the authorisation granted by the General Meeting on 22 March 2022 to decide on the acquisition of the company’s own shares.The Board of Directors proposes that the authorisation remain in force until the end of the following Annual General Meeting  however  no longer than 30 June 2024.17. Authorising the Board of Directors to decide on a share issue and the issuance of special rights entitling to sharesThe Board of Directors proposes that the Annual General Meeting authorises the Board of Directors to decide on a share issue and on the issuance of special rights entitling to shares as referred to in Chapter 10 Section 1 of the Finnish Limited Liability Companies Act  in one or more tranches  either against or without consideration.The number of shares to be issued  including shares to be issued on the basis of special rights  may not exceed 2 117 990  which amounts to 10% of all shares in the company as of the date of this summons. The Board of Directors may decide to either issue new shares or to transfer any treasury shares held by the company.The authorisation entitles the Board of Directors to decide on all terms that apply to the share issue and to the issuance of special rights entitling to shares  including the right to derogate from the shareholders’ pre-emptive right. The Board of Directors proposes that this authorisation be used e.g. for the purposes of strengthening the company’s balance sheet and improving its financial status or for other purposes as decided by the Board of Directors.The Board of Directors proposes that the authorisation remain in force until the end of the following Annual General Meeting  however  no longer than 30 June 2024. This authorisation cancels any previously granted  unused authorisations to decide on a share issue and the issuance of options or other special rights entitling to shares.18. Amendment of the Articles of AssociationThe Board of Directors proposes that the General Meeting would decide to amend the Company’s Articles of Association to enable arranging a General Meeting as a hybrid meeting. In addition  it proposed that the General Meeting can be arranged without a meeting venue as an alternative for a physical meeting. The amendment is intended to facilitate the holding of General Meetings of Shareholders virtually among others in situations like pandemics or other unforeseen or exceptional circumstances  however not limited to these situations. The Finnish Companies Act requires that shareholders can exercise their full rights in virtual meetings  with equal rights to those in customary in-person General Meetings.The amendments would be made to Article 8 § of the Articles of Association.The section of the new Articles of Association:“8 § The invitation to the General Meeting is published on the company's website no earlier than two months and no later than 21 days before the meeting  but always at least nine (9) days before the reconciliation date of the General Meeting as defined in the Limited Liability Companies Act.The Board of Directors may decide that shareholder may exercise their full decision-making powers in real time during the General Meeting using telecommunications and technical (hybrid meeting).The Board of Directors may decide that the General Meeting is arranged without a meeting venue in a manner where shareholders exercise their full decision-making powers in real time during the General Meeting using telecommunications and technical means (virtual meeting).A shareholder wishing to attend a General Meeting of Shareholders shall notify the Company by the date mentioned in the notice to the meeting  which may not be more than ten (10) days before the meeting.In addition to the domicile of the company the General meetings may be held in Tampere or Helsinki.”The section of the old Articles of Association:“8 § Notice to a General Meeting shall be published in the Company’s homepage not earlier than two months and not later than 21 days prior to the meeting. The notice shall  however  be announced at least nine (9) days prior to the record date for the shareholders’ meeting as referred to in the Companies Act.In order to be allowed to speak and vote at the General Meeting  a shareholder must register at the Company as indicated in the notice of the meeting. The period of registration shall not expire earlier than ten (10) days before the meeting.In addition to the domicile of the Company  General Meetings may be held in Tampere or Helsinki.”19. Closing of the Annual General MeetingB. Documents of the annual general meetingThe aforementioned proposals that are included on the agenda of the General Meeting as well as this summons are available on Robit Plc’s website at https://www.robitgroup.com/investor/corporate-governance/general-meeting/ . Robit Plc’s financial statements  annual report and auditor’s report will be published on the aforementioned website on 22 February 2023 at the latest. The proposals and other documents referred to above will also be available at the meeting  and copies of them and this summons will be sent to shareholders upon request.The minutes of the General Meeting will be published on the aforementioned website on 29 March 2023.C. Instructions for the participants to the general meeting1. Shareholders registered in the shareholders’ registerThe right to attend the General Meeting is restricted to a shareholder who  on 3 March 2023 (record date of the General Meeting)  is recorded as a shareholder in the company’s shareholder register maintained by Euroclear Finland Ltd. Shareholder whose shares are registered in his/her personal Finnish book-entry account is registered in the company’s shareholder register.Changes in shareholdings that take place after the record date of the General Meeting will not affect the shareholders’ right to attend the General Meeting or exercise their voting rights at the General Meeting.Shareholder who is registered in the company’s shareholder register and who wish to attend the General Meeting must register for the meeting by giving a prior notice of participation  which has to be received by the company no later than 6 March 2023 at 10.00 am.Shareholders can register for the General Meeting:on the company’s web page at www.robitgroup.comby email at investors@robitgroup.comby post: Robit Plc  AGM  Vikkiniityntie 9  FI-33880 Lempäälä  FinlandPersonal data given to Robit Plc by shareholders is used only in connection with the General Meeting and with the processing of related registrations. The shareholders and their representatives or proxies must be able to prove their identity and/or right of representation at the meeting  if necessary.2. Holders of nominee registered sharesHolders of nominee registered shares have the right to participate in the General Meeting by virtue of such shares based on which they would on 3 March 2023 (record date of the General Meeting) be entitled to be registered in the company’s shareholder register maintained by Euroclear Finland Ltd. In addition  the right to participate in the General Meeting requires that the shareholder on the basis of such shares has been registered in the temporary shareholder register maintained by Euroclear Finland Ltd at the latest by 10 March 2023 at 10.00 am. As regards to nominee registered shares  this is considered to constitute due registration for the General Meeting.Holders of nominee registered shares are advised to request in good time the necessary instructions regarding the temporary registration in the company’s shareholder register  issuing of proxy documents and registration for the General Meeting from their custodian bank. The account management organisation of the custodian bank must register the holders of nominee registered shares who wish to participate in the General Meeting to be temporarily entered in the company’s shareholder register at the latest by the time stated above.3. Proxy representatives and powers of attorneyShareholders may participate in the General Meeting and exercise their rights at the meeting by way of proxy representation. Proxy representatives must produce a dated power of attorney or otherwise prove in a reliable manner their right to represent the shareholder at the General Meeting. When a shareholder participates in the General Meeting by means of several proxy representatives representing the shareholder with shares at different securities accounts  the shares by which each proxy representative represents the shareholder must be identified in connection with the registration for the General Meeting.Any powers of attorney are requested to be delivered in originals to Robit Plc  Annual General Meeting  Vikkiniityntie 9  FI-33880 Lempäälä  Finland  before the last date for registration.4. Other instructions and informationPursuant to Chapter 5  section 25 of the Finnish Limited Liability Companies Act  a shareholder who is present at the General Meeting has the right to request information with respect to the matters to be considered at the meeting. On the date of this summons  Robit Plc has a total of 21 179 900 shares entitling to an equal number of votes. The company holds 52 308 own shares from the above-mentioned shares.Lempäälä  20 February 2023ROBIT PLCBoard of DirectorsFurther information:Harri Sjöholm  Chairman+358 400 622 092harri.sjoholm@robitgroup.comDistribution:Nasdaq Helsinki LtdKey mediawww.robitgroup.com,neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,neutral,0.01,0.98,0.01,True,English,"['ANNUAL GENERAL MEETING', 'ROBIT PLC', 'SUMMONS', 'ROBIT PLC STOCK EXCHANGE RELEASE', 'Limited Liability Companies Act', 'The Shareholders’ Nomination Board', 'following Annual General Meeting', 'The Board Members’ term', 'Harri Sjöholm', 'Markku Teräsvasara', 'Finnish Tax Administration', 'applicable transfer tax', 'Euroclear Finland Ltd', 'consolidated financial statements', 'current Board Member', 'significant shareholders', 'following matters', 'advance tax', 'annual report', '2022 financial period', 'annual remuneration', 'board meeting', 'entire term', 'new term', 'new member', 'six (6) members', 'committee meeting', 'registered participants', 'A. Matters', 'balance sheet', 'record date', 'governing bodies', 'other costs', 'lodging expenses', 'Mikko Kuitunen', 'Anne Leskelä', 'Eeva-Liisa Virkkunen', 'Lasse Aho', 'Kim Gran', 'PricewaterhouseCoopers Oy', 'financial year', 'shareholder register', 'Tampere Hall', 'additional compensation', 'candidates’ profiles', 'remuneration report', 'new shares', 'FEBRUARY', 'SUMMONS', 'Wednesday', 'March', 'address', 'Yliopistonkatu', 'reception', 'distribution', 'ballots', 'agenda', 'Opening', 'Election', 'persons', 'minutes', 'counting', 'votes', 'legality', 'attendance', 'adoption', 'list', 'Presentation', 'auditor', 'Review', 'CEO', 'profit', 'payment', 'dividends', 'Directors', 'earnings', 'company', '22 September', '29 September', 'Resolution', 'discharge', 'Handling', 'decision', 'accordance', 'website', 'robitgroup', 'investor/corporate-governance', 'number', 'Chairman', '1 hour', 'travel', 'office', 'December', 'authorisation', 'receiver', 'position', 'invoice', 'PwC', '12.00', '1.30']",2023-02-20,2023-02-20,marketscreener.com
18810,Euroclear,NewsApi.org,https://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/notice-convening-the-annual-general-meeting-of-castellum-aktiebolag-301750543.html,Notice convening the Annual General Meeting of Castellum Aktiebolag,"GOTHENBURG  Sweden  Feb. 20  2023 /PRNewswire/ -- The shareholders of Castellum Aktiebolag  Reg. No. 556475-5550 (""Castellum"" or the ""Company"") are hereby given notice to attend the Annual General Meeting to be held on Thursday  23 March 2023  at 5 p.m. CET a…","GOTHENBURG  Sweden  Feb. 20  2023 /PRNewswire/ -- The shareholders of Castellum Aktiebolag  Reg. No. 556475-5550 (""Castellum"" or the ""Company"") are hereby given notice to attend the Annual General Meeting to be held on Thursday  23 March 2023  at 5 p.m. CET at Castellum's head office at Hangövägen 20  floor 4  Stockholm. The entrance opens at 4.30 p.m CET.The Board of Directors has decided  pursuant to Chapter 7  Section 4 a of the Swedish Companies Act (Sw. aktiebolagslagen) and the Company's Articles of Assocation  that shareholders that do not want to  or cannot  attend the Annual General Meeting in person can exercise their voting rights by postal voting. Consequently  shareholders may choose to exercise their voting rights at the Annual General Meeting by attending in person  through a proxy or by postal voting. No beverages or food will be served at the meeting.Notification etc.A) Attending the meeting venue in personA person who wishes to attend the meeting venue in person or by proxy mustbe registered as a shareholder in the share register kept by Euroclear Sweden AB by Wednesday  15 March 2023 ; and; and give notice of participation in the Annual General Meeting no later than Friday  17 March 2023 (preferably before 4 p.m. CET ). Notification of participation at the Annual General Meeting can be made by post to Castellum Aktiebolag  c/o Euroclear Sweden AB  Box 191  SE-101 23 Stockholm  by phone at +46 8–401 43 76  or through Euroclear Sweden AB's website  https://anmalan.vpc.se/EuroclearProxy/.The notification must state name/business name  social security number/company registration number  address and telephone number.For those who wish to be represented by a proxy  a written and dated power of attorney signed by the shareholder must be attached to the notification and presented at the meeting. A form of proxy is available on Castellum's website  www.castellum.com. If the shareholder is a legal person  a registration certificate  or if such document does not exist  other corresponding authorisation documentation must be attached.B) Participation by postal votingA person who wishes to participate in the Annual General Meeting by postal voting mustbe registered as a shareholder in the share register kept by Euroclear Sweden AB by Wednesday  15 March 2023 ; and; and give notice of participation in the Annual General Meeting no later than Friday  17 March 2023   by submitting a postal voting form in accordance with the instructions below  so that the postal vote is received by Euroclear Sweden AB no later than that day.A person who wishes to attend the meeting venue in person or by proxy  must give notice in accordance with the instructions stated under A) above. Hence  a notice of participation only through postal voting is not sufficient for a person who wishes to attend the meeting venue.A special form shall be used for postal voting. The form is available on the Company's website  www.castellum.com. The completed and signed form may be sent by post to Castellum Aktiebolag  ""Annual General Meeting""  c/o Euroclear Sweden AB  Box 191  SE-101 23 Stockholm  or by email to [email protected] (state ""Castellum Aktiebolag – postal voting"" in the subject line). The completed and signed form must be received by Euroclear Sweden AB no later than Friday  17 March 2023. Shareholders may also submit the postal vote electronically by verifying with BankID via Euroclear Sweden AB's website  https://anmalan.vpc.se/EuroclearProxy/.Shareholders may not provide specific instructions or conditions in the voting form. If so  the postal vote  in its entirety  is invalid. Further instructions and conditions are included in the form for postal voting.If the shareholder postal votes by proxy  a written and dated power of attorney signed by the shareholder must be attached to the postal voting form. A form of proxy is available on Castellum's website  www.castellum.com. If the shareholder is a legal person  a registration certificate or other corresponding authorisation document must be attached to the form.Nominee-registered sharesIn order to be entitled to participate in the Annual General Meeting  a shareholder whose shares are registered in the name of a nominee must  in addition to giving notice of participation  register its shares in its own name so that it is registered as a shareholder in the share register kept by Euroclear Sweden AB by Wednesday  15 March 2023. Such registration may be temporary (so-called voting rights registration)  and request for such voting rights registration shall be made to the nominee  in accordance with the nominee's routines  at such a time as decided by the nominee. Voting rights registrations that have been made no later than Friday  17 March 2023 will be taken into account in the presentation of the share register.Right for shareholders to receive informationShareholders are reminded of their right to receive information from the Board of Directors and the Managing Director at the Annual General Meeting in accordance with Chapter 7  Section 32 of the Swedish Companies Act in respect of information regarding circumstances that may affect the assessment of an item on the agenda  circumstances that can affect the assessment of the Company's or its subsidiaries' financial position and the Company's relation to other companies within the group. The Board of Directors and the Managing Director shall provide such information at the Annual General Meeting  provided that they consider that it may be done without significant harm to Castellum. Shareholders wishing to submit questions in advance may do so by sending an email to [email protected].Items1. Opening of the meeting and election of the Chair of the meeting.2. Preparation and approval of the voting list.3. Approval of the agenda.4. Election of one or two persons to verify the minutes.5. Determination of whether the Annual General Meeting has been duly convened.6. Presentation of(a) the annual accounts and the audit report as well as the consolidated annual accounts and the audit report for the group (b) the auditor's statement regarding the Company's compliance with the guidelines for remuneration to members of the executive management in effect since the previous Annual General Meeting.In connection thereto  presentations by the Chair of the Board of Directors and the Managing Director.7. Resolution to adopt the income statement and the balance sheet as well as the consolidated income statement and the consolidated balance sheet.8. Resolution regarding the allocation of the Company's profit in accordance with the adopted balance sheet.9. Resolution regarding discharge from liability towards the Company in respect of the members of the Board of Directors and the Managing Director.10. Resolution to amend the Articles of Association.11. The Nomination Committee's presentation of its proposals to the Annual General Meeting and the Nomination Committee's statement concerning its proposal regarding the Board of Directors.12. Determination of the number of members of the Board of Directors and auditors and deputy auditors.13. Resolution regarding the remuneration to be paid to the members of the Board of Directors and the auditor.14. Election of members of the Board of Directors and the Chair of the Board of Directors.(a) Per Berggren (Chair)(b) Anna-Karin Celsing(c) Joacim Sjöberg(d) Henrik Käll(e) Leiv Synnes(f) Louise Richnau (new election)(g) Ann-Louise Lökholm-Klasson (new election)15. Election of auditor.16. Resolution on approval of updated instructions for the Nomination Committee.17. Resolution on the approval of the remuneration report.18. Resolution to grant the Board of Directors the authority to resolve on an issue of new shares  either applying or disapplying shareholders' preferential rights.19. Resolution to grant the Board of Directors the authority to resolve on an issue of new shares  applying the shareholders' preferential rights.20. Resolution to grant the Board of Directors the authority to resolve on acquisitions and transfers of the Company's own shares.21. Resolution to reduce the share capital by way of cancellation of own shares.22. Closing of the Annual General Meeting.Resolutions proposed by the Board of DirectorsItem 8 – Resolution regarding the allocation of the Company's profit in accordance with the adopted balance sheet.The Board of Directors proposes that no dividend is distributed and that the retained profit shall be carried forward to the new accounts.Item 10 – Resolution to amend the Articles of Association.For the purpose of adjusting the limits for the share capital and the number of shares in the Articles of Association in light of the Board of Directors' proposal to authorise the Board of Directors to resolve upon a rights issue as set out in item 19 of the notice convening the Annual General Meeting  the Board of Directors proposes to amend § 4 and § 5 in the Articles of Association in accordance with the below. Further  the Board of Directors proposes that § 11 of the Articles of Association is amended so that a General Meeting  in addition to being able to be held in Gothenburg  may also be held in Stockholm.Current wording § 4 Proposed wording § 4 The company's share capital shall be no less than SEK 75 000 000 and no more than SEK 300 000 000. The company's share capital shall be no less than SEK 150 000 000 and no more than SEK 600 000 000. Current wording § 5 Proposed wording § 5 The number of shares shall be no less than 150 000 000 and no more than 600 000 000. The number of shares shall be no less than 300 000 000 and no more than 1 200 000 000. Current wording § 11 Proposed wording § 11 An Annual General Meeting shall be held in Göteborg or Stockholm within six months of the expiry of each financial year. General Meetings shall be held in Gothenburg or Stockholm. An Annual General Meeting shall be held in Göteborg or Stockholm within six months of the expiry of each financial year.Item 17 – Resolution on the approval of the remuneration report.The Board of Directors proposes that the Annual General Meeting resolves to approve the Board of Directors' remuneration report.Item 18 – Resolution to grant the Board of Directors the authority to resolve on an issue of new shares  either applying or disapplying shareholders' preferential rights.The Board of Directors' proposal implies that the Board of Directors shall be authorised to  during the period until the next Annual General Meeting  resolve on new share issues  on one or several occasions  with or without deviation from the shareholders' preferential rights and that shares corresponding to maximum ten per cent (10%) of the Company's share capital as of the date for the first exercise of the authorisation may be issued. Further  the proposal implies that an issue may be made against cash payment  by set-off or by contribution in kind. In case of deviation from the shareholders' preferential rights  shares shall be issued on market terms. The purpose of the Board of Directors' proposal is to (i) enable the Company to completely or partially finance any future real property investments and/or acquisitions of real property companies/businesses by issuing new shares as payment in connection with agreements on acquisition of real property  alternatively to raise capital for such investments and/or acquisitions; and/or (ii) enable the Company to strengthen its financial position and/or create a larger liquidity buffer for financing commitments.Item 19 – Resolution to grant the Board of Directors the authority to resolve on an issue of new shares  applying the shareholders' preferential rights.The Board of Directors' proposal implies that the Board of Directors shall be authorised to  during the period until the next Annual General Meeting  resolve on new share issues  on one or several occasions  with preferential rights for the shareholders  for the purpose of strengthening the Company's financial position. The total number of shares that may be issued by virtue of the authorisation shall amount to the number of shares that corresponds to issue proceeds of approximately SEK 10 billion. Other terms and conditions for the new share issue shall be determined by the Board of Directors.Item 20 – Resolution to grant the Board of Directors the authority to resolve on acquisitions and transfers of the Company's own shares.The Board of Directors' proposal implies that the Board of Directors shall be authorised to  during the period until the next Annual General Meeting  resolve on acquisition on one or several occasions  of the Company's own shares provided that the Company after each acquisition will not hold more than ten per cent (10%) of all the shares in the Company  and to transfer all of the Company's own shares with deviation from the shareholders' preferential rights. The objective of the Board of Directors' proposal is to allow the Company to adapt its capital structure to its capital needs from time to time and thereby contribute to an increased shareholder value  and/or to transfer own shares as payment in order to completely or partially finance any future real property investments and/or acquisitions of real property companies/businesses or by using own shares as payment in connection with agreements on acquisition of real property  alternatively to raise capital for such investments and/or acquisitions. This objective does not allow the Company to trade with its own shares for the short-term purpose of making a profit.Item 21 – Resolution to reduce the share capital by way of cancellation of own shares.The Board of Directors proposes that the Annual General Meeting resolves to reduce the Company's share capital by an amount of SEK 8 665 500 by way of cancellation of the 17 331 000 own shares held by the Company as of the date of this notice. The reduction amount shall be allocated to unrestricted equity.The resolution to reduce the share capital by way of cancellation of own shares is conditional upon the Board of Directors utilising the authorisation proposed to be resolved by the Annual General Meeting in accordance with item 19 of the notice convening the Annual General Meeting.The resolution to reduce the share capital may be carried out without obtaining an authorisation from the Swedish Companies Registration Office  since the resolution will not be executed unless the Company simultaneously carries out a rights issue by means of the Board of Directors' exercise of the authorisation proposed to be resolved upon by the Annual General Meeting as set out in item 19 of the notice convening the Annual General Meeting. This entails that the share capital  after the rights issue  will increase by an amount exceeding the amount that the share capital is being reduced with as set out above. Combined  these measures entail that neither the Company's restricted equity nor its share capital is reduced as a result of the cancellation of own shares.Resolutions proposed by the Nomination CommitteeThe Nomination Committee  consisting of Helen Fasth Gillstedt (Chair of the Nomination Committee) appointed by Handelsbanken Fonder  Ralf Spann appointed by Akelius Residential Property AB (publ)  Patrik Tillman appointed by M2 Asset Management AB and M2 Capital Management AB  Johannes Wingborg appointed by Länsförsäkringar Fondförvaltning AB (publ)  and Per Berggren  Chair of the Board of Directors  has made the following proposals:Item 1 – Election of the Chair of the meeting.The Nomination Committee proposes the attorney Wilhelm Lüning to preside as Chair of the Annual General Meeting.Item 12 – Determination of the number of members of the Board of Directors and auditors and deputy auditors.The Board of Directors is proposed to consist of seven Board members and the number of auditors is proposed to be one with no deputy auditor.Item 13 – Determination of the remuneration to be paid to the members of the Board of Directors and the auditor.Remuneration to the members of the Board of Directors is proposed to be the following (2022 remuneration within brackets).The Chair of the Board of Directors: SEK 1 110 000 (SEK 1 075 000) .. Each of the other members of the Board of Directors: SEK 450 000 (SEK 440 000) .. Chair of the People Committee: SEK 100 000 (SEK 100 000) .. Each of the other members of the People Committee: SEK 75 000 (SEK 75 000) .. Chair of the Audit Committee: SEK 220 000 (SEK 220 000) .. Each of the other members of the Audit Committee: SEK 105 000 (SEK 105 000) .. A member of the Board of Directors who is employed by the Company shall not receive remuneration.It is proposed that the auditor's fee shall be paid upon approval of its invoices.Item 14 – Election of members of the Board of Directors and Chair of the Board of Directors.The existing Board members Per Berggren  Anna-Karin Celsing  Henrik Käll  Joacim Sjöberg and Leiv Synnes are proposed to be re-elected as Board members. Further  Louise Richnau and Ann-Louise Lökholm-Klasson are proposed to be elected as new Board members.Per Berggren is proposed to be elected as Chair of the Board of Directors.Louise Richnau was born in 1966 and has a Master of Science in Engineering from KTH and CEFA and CESGA certificates and has worked in the real estate sector for the last 30 years covering investments  transactions  financing  establishment of new business areas  and sustainability issues. Louise Richnau has previous experience from the AP funds (1-3)  operating in a listed environment (Drott Riks AB) and most recently from the partner owned financial advisor  Nordanö. Louise Richnau has also been responsible for the establishment of Brunswick Real Estate Capital  the first Nordic institutional real estate credit fund (today Niam Credit)  which she left in 2019. Today  Louise Richnau works in her own company  primarily with her own investments  often in an advisory capacity or board assignments. Louise Richnau is also a board member of STING's (Stockholm Innovation & Growth) funds  Sunna Group et al.Ann-Louise Lökholm-Klasson was born in 1971 and has been the CEO of Sweco Sverige AB since 2018. Sweco is the leading engineering and architecture consultancy firm in Europe  with more than 6 000 experts in social development in Sweden. Ann-Louise has a background of being manager and leader at Ericsson and has held various senior positions within the Sweco Group. Among other things  she has been responsible for acquisition integration  thereby leading the integration of several acquisitions. She has also been a manager for facility and installation services in real estate and thus possesses knowledge of how digital services to real estate companies can lead to lower carbon footprints  more efficient use of buildings and lower management costs. Ann-Louise sits on the Board of Innovation Businesses  Bemsiq and has previously served on the Board of the Swedish Green Building Council from 2014–2019.More information concerning all members proposed for re-election and new election is available on the Company's website  www.castellum.com.Item 15 – Election of auditor.Ahead of the Annual General Meeting 2023  the Audit Committee has carried out a procurement of audit firms and in accordance with the Audit Committee's recommendation  Deloitte is proposed for re-election as Castellum's auditor until the end of the Annual General Meeting 2024. Deloitte has announced that if the Annual General Meeting resolves to elect Deloitte as auditor  Harald Jagner will continue as the main responsible auditor.Item 16 – Resolution on approval of updated instructions for the Nomination Committee.The Nomination Committee proposes that the following instructions for the Nomination Committee shall be approved by the Annual General Meeting.The instructions for the Nomination Committee shall apply until a resolution regarding change of the procedure for nominating the Nomination Committee is resolved by the General Meeting.General information about the Nomination Committee1. Under the Swedish Corporate Governance Code (the ""Code"")  companies that are listed on a regulated market shall have a Nomination Committee that represents the company's shareholders. The Nomination Committee is thus the body of the General Meeting for the preparation of certain appointment decisions to be taken by the General Meeting.2. Under the Code  the Nomination Committee shall prepare proposals on the matters set out below to be resolved upon at the Annual General Meeting (if applicable  at an Extraordinary General Meeting):a) proposal for Chair of the General Meeting b) proposal for the number of members of the Board of Directors c) proposal for members of the Board of Directors d) proposal for Chair of the Board of Directors e) proposal for remuneration to the members of the Board of Directors  distributed between the Chair of the Board of Directors and other members of the Board of Directors and remuneration for committee work f) proposal for remuneration to the Company's auditors g) proposal for auditors  andh) if relevant  proposal for any changes to the instructions for the Nomination Committee.3. The appointed Nomination Committee shall serve as the Nomination Committee until a new Nomination Committee has been appointed.4. No remuneration shall be paid to the members of the Nomination Committee.5. At the request of the Nomination Committee  Castellum shall provide the Nomination Committee with personnel resources  such as secretarial services  in order to facilitate the work of the Nomination Committee. Furthermore  the Company shall bear reasonable costs  e.g. for external consultants  which the Nomination Committee deems necessary in order to fulfil the Nomination Committee's assignments.Composition of the Nomination Committee1. The Nomination Committee shall be appointed by the Chairman of the Board of Directors contacting the four largest shareholders (in terms of voting rights)  registered in the share register kept by Euroclear Sweden AB as per the last business day in August each year or the largest otherwise known shareholders  and asking them to appoint one member each to the Nomination Committee. Should such a shareholder not wish to appoint a member  the next largest registered shareholder in terms of voting rights or otherwise known shareholders shall be asked  and so on.2. A major shareholder or group of shareholders shall be entitled to appoint one but not more members of the Nomination Committee. If the Chairman of the Board of Directors of the Company is employed by or is otherwise not independent in relation to one of the shareholders that is entitled to appoint a member of the Nomination Committee  that shareholder shall not have the right to appoint a member. In such an event  the Chairman of the Company's Board of Directors shall then be deemed to be appointed by that shareholder.3. The appointed members  together with the Chairman of the Board of Directors of the Company  who is the convening member  shall constitute the Nomination Committee. The names of the members of the Nomination Committee and the names of the shareholders by whom they have been appointed shall be announced no later than six months prior to each Annual General Meeting.4. Unless the members of the Nomination Committee have agreed otherwise  the member appointed by the largest shareholder shall be the Chairman of the Nomination Committee. The Chairman of the Nomination Committee shall have the casting vote in the event that votes are equal.5. A member of the Nomination Committee shall  before accepting the assignment  carefully consider whether any conflict of interest or other circumstance exists that makes it inappropriate to serve on the Nomination Committee.6. The members of the Nomination Committee are subject to a confidentiality obligation regarding Castellum's business and this obligation shall  at the Company's request  be confirmed by the members by signing a confidentiality undertaking.Changes to the composition of the Nomination Committee1. If  more than two months prior to the Annual General Meeting  a new shareholder passes (in terms of voting rights) one of the shareholders in the list of shareholders that have appointed a member of the Nomination Committee  this shareholder may contact the Chairman of the Nomination Committee and request the appointment of a member of the Nomination Committee. In such an event  the member appointed by the shareholder with the lowest number of votes shall resign from the Nomination Committee.2. If a shareholder who has appointed a member of the Nomination Committee has disposed a significant proportion of its shareholding  so that it is no longer one of the four largest shareholders (in terms of voting rights) more than two months prior to the Annual General Meeting  the appointed member shall make its seat available. The Chairman of the Nomination Committee shall then contact the largest shareholder in terms of voting rights who has not previously been offered a seat. If the latter does not wish to appoint a member  the matter shall be passed on to the next shareholder in line  and so on.3. Shareholders who have appointed a member to the Nomination Committee shall be entitled to dismiss such member and appoint a new representative as a member of the Nomination Committee.4. Changes to the composition of the Nomination Committee shall be announced as soon as they occur.Other informationNumber of shares and votesAt the date of this notice  there are in total 345 731 968 shares and votes in the Company  of which the Company holds 17 331 000 own shares.Majority rulesResolutions in accordance with the Board of Directors' proposals regarding items 10  18  20 and 21 of the agenda are only valid if supported by shareholders holding at least two thirds (2/3) of both the votes cast as well as the shares represented at the Annual General Meeting.DocumentationThe annual accounts  the audit report and the Board of Directors' remuneration report pursuant to Chapter 8  Section 53 a of the Swedish Companies Act will be available at the Company's head offices at Hangövägen 20  floor 4  Stockholm and Östra Hamngatan 16  Gothenburg  and on the Company's website  www.castellum.com  in connection with the disclosure of the Company's annual report on 28 February 2023. The auditor's statement according to item 6 (b)  as well as other proposals  and related documents  regarding item 10 and items 18-21 will be available at the Company's head offices (please see the adresses above) and on the Company's website no later than 2 March 2023. As to other proposals  complete proposals can be found under each item in this notice.The Nomination Committee's complete proposal for resolutions  including a proposal for updated instructions for the Nomination Committee  information regarding the proposed Board members  its statement concerning the Nomination Committee's proposal regarding the Board of Directors and report on the Nomination Committee's work can be found on the Company's website  www.castellum.com.The documents are considered presented by being held available at the Company's head offices and on the Company's website  www.castellum.com. The above documents will  as from the day they are available  be sent to shareholders  who have stated their postal address  upon request.Processing of personal dataFor information on how your personal data is processed  see https://www.euroclear.com/dam/ESwithLegal/Privacy-notice-bolagsstammor-engelska.pdf.Gothenburg in February 2023CASTELLUM AKTIEBOLAGThe Board of DirectorsFor further information  please contact:Anna-Karin Nyman  Communications Director  Castellum AB  [email protected]The following files are available for download:https://mb.cision.com/Main/8364/3717581/1859200.pdf Notice convening the Annual General Meeting of Castellum AktiebolagSOURCE Castellum",neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,mixed,0.32,0.09,0.59,True,English,"['Annual General Meeting', 'Castellum Aktiebolag', 'Notice', 'other corresponding authorisation documentation', 'Hangövägen 20', 'social security number', 'Euroclear Sweden AB', 'Annual General Meeting', 'Swedish Companies Act', 'Voting rights registrations', 'company registration number', 'postal voting form', 'telephone number', 'meeting venue', 'registration certificate', 'postal vote', 'head office', 'Sw. aktiebolagslagen', 'share register', 'dated power', 'subject line', 'Managing Director', 'special form', 'specific instructions', 'Further instructions', 'Castellum Aktiebolag', 'business name', 'Nominee-registered shares', 'legal person', 'GOTHENBURG', 'Feb.', 'PRNewswire', 'shareholders', 'Reg.', 'notice', 'Thursday', 'March', 'CET', 'floor', 'Stockholm', 'entrance', 'Board', 'Directors', 'Chapter', 'Section', 'Articles', 'Assocation', 'proxy', 'beverages', 'food', 'Notification', 'Wednesday', 'participation', 'Friday', 'Box', 'SE-101', 'website', 'vpc', 'address', 'written', 'attorney', 'accordance', 'email', 'BankID', 'conditions', 'entirety', 'order', 'addition', 'request', 'routines', 'time', 'account', 'presentation', 'information', '5', '4.30']",2023-02-20,2023-02-20,prnewswire.com
18811,Euroclear,NewsApi.org,https://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/notice-convening-the-annual-general-meeting-of-ab-electrolux-301750536.html,Notice convening the Annual General Meeting of AB Electrolux,STOCKHOLM  Feb. 20  2023 /PRNewswire/ -- The shareholders of AB Electrolux  reg. no. 556009-4178  are hereby given notice of the Annual General Meeting to be held on Wednesday  March 29  2023 at 4.00 p.m. (CET) at Münchenbryggeriet  Torkel Knutssonsgatan 2  S…,"STOCKHOLM  Feb. 20  2023 /PRNewswire/ -- The shareholders of AB Electrolux  reg. no. 556009-4178  are hereby given notice of the Annual General Meeting to be held on Wednesday  March 29  2023 at 4.00 p.m. (CET) at Münchenbryggeriet  Torkel Knutssonsgatan 2  Stockholm  Sweden. Admission and registration will commence at 3.15 p.m. (CET).The Board of Directors has decided that the shareholders also shall be able to exercise their voting rights by postal voting before the Annual General Meeting  as instructed below.The Annual General Meeting will also be webcasted live via the Group's website  www.electroluxgroup.com/agm2023.The Annual General Meeting will be conducted in Swedish and simultaneously translated into English.Registration and notificationParticipation at the meeting venueA person who wishes to participate at the meeting venue   in person or by proxy  mustbe listed as a shareholder in the presentation of the share register prepared by Euroclear Sweden AB concerning the circumstances on Tuesday  March 21  2023 ; and; and give notice of its participation no later than Thursday  March 23   2023  2023 by telephone +46 8 402 92 79 on weekdays between 9 a.m. and 4 p.m. (CET)   by letter to AB Electrolux  c/o Euroclear Sweden AB  Box 191  SE-101 23 Stockholm  Sweden   or  orvia the Group's website  www.electroluxgroup.com/agm2023The notification must include the shareholder's name  personal or corporate identification number  address and telephone number  and any assistants. If a shareholder is represented by proxy  a written and dated power of attorney signed by the shareholder shall be issued for the representative. In order to facilitate registration at the Annual General Meeting  the power of attorney should be sent to the company in advance to the address above. Proxy forms are available on the Group's website www.electroluxgroup.com/agm2023 and are also provided by the company upon request. If the shareholder is a legal entity  a registration certificate or other supporting document which shows the authorized signatory  should be sent to the address stated above prior to the meeting.Postal votingA person who wishes to participate in the Annual General Meeting by postal voting mustbe listed as a shareholder in the presentation of the share register prepared by Euroclear Sweden AB concerning the circumstances on Tuesday  March 21  2023 ; and; and give notice of its participation no later than Thursday  March 23  2023  by casting its postal vote in accordance with the instructions below so that the postal voting form is received by Euroclear Sweden AB no later than that day.A person who wishes to attend the meeting venue in person or by proxy  must give notice in accordance with the instructions listed under ""Participation at the meeting venue"" above. Hence  a notice of participation only through postal voting is not sufficient for a shareholder who wishes to attend the meeting venue.A special form shall be used for postal voting. The form for postal voting is available at the Group's website www.electroluxgroup.com/agm2023 and will be provided by the company upon request. In case of postal voting only  no separate notification of participation in the Annual General Meeting is required.The completed and signed form must be sent by post to AB Electrolux (publ)  c/o Euroclear Sweden AB  Box 191  SE-101 23 Stockholm  Sweden or by e-mail to [email protected]. Shareholders may also cast their votes electronically through verification with BankID via Euroclear Sweden AB's website https://anmalan.vpc.se/EuroclearProxy/. The postal vote must be received by Euroclear Sweden AB no later than Thursday  March 23  2023.If the shareholder submits its postal vote by proxy  a written and dated power of attorney signed by the shareholder must be attached to the form. Proxy forms are available on the Group's website www.electroluxgroup.com/agm2023 and are also provided by the company upon request. If the shareholder is a legal entity  a registration certificate or other supporting document which shows the authorized signatory must be attached to the form.The shareholder may not provide specific instructions or conditions to the postal vote. If so  the vote (i.e. the postal vote in its entirety) is invalid. Further instructions and conditions are included in the form for postal voting and at https://anmalan.vpc.se/EuroclearProxy/.Shares registered in the name of a nomineeIn order to be entitled to participate in the meeting  a shareholder whose shares are registered in the name of a nominee must  in addition to giving notice of participation in the Annual General Meeting  register its shares in its own name so that the shareholder is listed in the presentation of the share register as of the record date Tuesday  March 21  2023. Such re-registration may be temporary (so-called voting rights registration)  and request for such voting rights registration shall be made to the nominee  in accordance with the nominee's routines  at such time in advance as decided by the nominee. Voting rights registrations that have been made by the nominee no later than Thursday  March 23  2023 will be taken into account in the presentation of the share register.Agenda1. Election of Chairman of the General Meeting.2. Preparation and approval of the voting list.3. Approval of the agenda.4. Election of two minutes-checkers.5. Determination as to whether the meeting has been properly convened.6. Presentation of the Annual Report and the Audit Report as well as the Consolidated Accounts and the Audit Report for the Group.7. Presentation by the President and CEO  Jonas Samuelson.8. Resolution on adoption of the Income Statement and the Balance Sheet as well as the Consolidated Income Statement and the Consolidated Balance Sheet.9. Resolution on discharge from liability of the Directors and the President for 2022.10. Resolution on dispositions in respect of the company's profit or loss pursuant to the adopted Balance Sheet.11. Determination of the number of Directors and Deputy Directors.12. Determination of fees to the Board of Directors and the Auditor.13. Election of Board of Directors and Chairman of the Board of Directors.a. Election of Staffan Bohman as Director. (re-election)b. Election of Petra Hedengran as Director. (re-election)c. Election of Henrik Henriksson as Director. (re-election)d. Election of Ulla Litzén as Director. (re-election)e. Election of Karin Overbeck as Director. (re-election)f. Election of Fredrik Persson as Director. (re-election)g. Election of David Porter as Director. (re-election)h. Election of Jonas Samuelson as Director. (re-election)i. Election of Staffan Bohman as Chairman. (re-election)14. Election of Auditor. (re-election)15. Resolution on approval of Remuneration Report.16. Resolutions ona. acquisition of own shares;b. transfer of own shares on account of company acquisitions; andc. transfer of own shares on account of the share program for 2021.17. Resolutions ona. implementation of a performance based  long-term share program for 2023; andb. transfer of own shares to the participants in the long-term share program for 2023.18. Closing of the meeting.Item 1 – Chairman of the MeetingThe Electrolux Nomination Committee  consisting of the Chairman Johan Forssell (Investor AB) and the members Carina Silberg (Alecta)  Sussi Kvart (Handelsbanken Funds)  Tomas Risbecker (AMF Tjänstepension och Fonder)  Staffan Bohman and Fredrik Persson (Chairman and Director  respectively  of the Board of Directors of the company)  proposes:Björn Kristiansson  member of the Swedish Bar Association  as chairman of the Annual General Meeting.Item 2 – Preparation and approval of the voting listThe voting list proposed to be approved is the voting list prepared by Euroclear Sweden AB on behalf of the company  based on the General Meeting share register  shareholders having given notice of participation and being present at the meeting venue  and received postal votes.Item 10 – Dispositions in respect of the company's profit or loss pursuant to the adopted Balance SheetThe Board of Directors proposes that no dividend shall be distributed for the fiscal year 2022 and that available funds will be carried forward in the new accounts.Item 11 – Number of Directors and Deputy DirectorsThe Nomination Committee proposes:Eight Directors and no Deputy Directors.Item 12 – Fees to the Board of Directors and the AuditorThe Nomination Committee proposes fees as follows to Directors not employed by Electrolux:SEK 2 475 000 to the Chairman of the Board of Directors and SEK 720 000 to each of the other Directors appointed by the Annual General Meeting;to each of the other Directors appointed by the Annual General Meeting; for committee work  to the members who are appointed by the Board of Directors: SEK 310 000 to the Chairman of the Audit Committee and SEK 195 000 to each of the other members of the Audit Committee and SEK 180 000 to the Chairman of the People Committee and SEK 125 000 to each of the other members of the People Committee; andto each of the other members of the People Committee; and SEK 60 000 to the members who are appointed by the Board of Directors to participate in any other committee established by the Board of Directors.The Nomination Committee also proposes that the Auditor's fee be paid as incurred  for the Auditor's term of office  on approved account.Item 13 – Election of the Board of Directors and Chairman of the BoardThe Nomination Committee proposes:Re-election of Directors Staffan Bohman   Petra Hedengran  Henrik Henriksson   Ulla Litzén  Karin Overbeck   Fredrik Persson   David Porter and Jonas Samuelson .  Petra Hedengran    Ulla Litzén      and . Re-election of Staffan Bohman as Chairman of the Board of Directors.Item 14 – Election of AuditorThe Nomination Committee proposes  in accordance with the recommendation by the Audit Committee  re-election of the audit firm PricewaterhouseCoopers AB as the company's auditor for the period until the end of the 2024 Annual General Meeting.Item 16 – Resolutions on a) acquisition of own shares  b) transfer of own shares on account of company acquisitions  and c) transfer of own shares on account of the share program for 2021Electrolux has previously  on the basis of authorizations by the Annual General Meetings  acquired own shares for the purpose of using these shares to finance potential company acquisitions  as a hedge for the company's share related incentive programs as well as to be able to adapt the company's capital structure  thereby contributing to increased shareholder value.The Board of Directors makes the assessment that it continues to be advantageous for the company to be able to continue to use repurchased shares on account of potential company acquisitions  the company's share related incentive programs as well as to adapt the company's capital structure  thereby contributing to increased shareholder value. Even though the Board of Directors currently has no intention to exercise an authorization to acquire additional own shares  the Board of Directors proposes the authorization is to be renewed as an authorization is valid until the following Annual General Meeting. The Board of Directors would then be able to decide to repurchase own shares  if the conditions are appropriate and the Board of Directors were to find it would be in the best interests of the company and the shareholders.In view of the above  the Board of Directors proposes as follows.16 a) Acquisition of own sharesThe Board of Directors proposes the Annual General Meeting to authorize the Board of Directors  for the period until the next Annual General Meeting on one or several occasions  to resolve on acquisitions of shares in the company as follows.The company may acquire as a maximum so many shares of series B that  following each acquisition  the company holds at a maximum 10 per cent of all shares issued by the company. The shares may be acquired on Nasdaq Stockholm. Acquisition of shares may only be made at a price per share within the prevailing price interval for the share from time to time. Payment for the shares shall be made in cash.The purpose of the proposal is to be able to use repurchased shares on account of potential company acquisitions  the company's share related incentive programs as well as to be able to adapt the company's capital structure  thereby contributing to increased shareholder value.The Board of Directors has issued a statement pursuant to Chapter 19  Section 22 of the Swedish Companies Act.16 b) Transfer of own shares on account of company acquisitionsThe Board of Directors proposes the Annual General Meeting to authorize the Board of Directors  for the period until the next Annual General Meeting on one or several occasions  to resolve on transfers of the company's own shares in connection with or as a consequence of company acquisitions as follows.Own shares of series B held by the company at the time of the Board of Director's decision may be transferred. The shares may be transferred with deviation from the shareholders' preferential rights. Transfer of shares may be made at a minimum price per share corresponding to an amount in close connection with the price of the company's shares on Nasdaq Stockholm at the time of the decision on the transfer. Payment for the transferred shares may be made in cash  by contributions in kind or by a set-off of company debt.16 c) Transfer of own shares on account of the share program for 2021The Board of Directors proposes  on account of the share program for 2021  that the Annual General Meeting resolves that the company shall be entitled  for the period until the next Annual General Meeting on one or several occasions  to transfer a maximum of 1 544 925 shares of series B in the company for the purpose of covering costs  including social security charges  that may arise as a result of the aforementioned program. Such transfers may take place on Nasdaq Stockholm at a price within the prevailing price interval from time to time.Majority requirementIn order for the resolutions by the General Meeting in accordance with the Board of Directors' proposals under items 16 a)  b)  and c) above to be valid  the resolutions must be accepted by shareholders holding no less than two thirds of the votes cast as well as the shares represented at the General Meeting.Item 17 – Resolutions on a) implementation of a performance based  long-term share program for 2023  and b) transfer of own shares to the participants in the long-term share program for 2023BackgroundThe Board of Directors has decided to propose a long-term incentive program for 2023 (the ""Share Program 2023""). The Board is convinced that the proposed program will be beneficial to the company's shareholders as it will contribute to the possibilities to recruit and retain competent employees  is expected to increase the commitment and the motivation of the program participants and will strengthen the participants' ties to the Electrolux Group and its shareholders.Proposals of the Board of DirectorsThe Board of Directors proposes that the Annual General Meeting resolves a) to implement Share Program 2023  and b) to transfer own shares  free of consideration  to the participants in Share Program 2023.17 a) Implementation of Share Program 2023The Board of Directors proposes  in view of the above  that the Annual General Meeting resolves to implement Share Program 2023 with the following principal terms and conditions:a. The program is proposed to include up to 900 senior managers and key employees of the Electrolux Group  who are divided into seven groups; the President and CEO (""Group 1"")  other members of Group Management (""Group 2"")  and five additional groups for other senior managers and key employees (""Group 3-7""). Invitation to participate in the program shall be provided by Electrolux no later than on May 16  2023.b. Participants are offered to be allocated Performance Shares  provided that the participant remains employed until January 1  2026. Exemptions to this requirement may be prescribed in specific cases  including a participant's death  disability  retirement or the divestiture through a sale  spin-off or otherwise of the participant's employing company from the Electrolux Group.c. The Performance Shares shall be based on maximum performance values for each participant category. The maximum performance value for the participants in Group 1 will be 100 per cent of the participant's annual base salary for 2023  for participants in Group 2  90 per cent of the participant's annual base salary for 2023  for participants in Group 3  80 per cent of the participant's annual base salary for 2023  for participants in Group 4  60 per cent of the participant's annual base salary for 2023  for participants in Group 5  50 per cent of the participant's annual base salary for 2023  for participants in Group 6  40 per cent of the participant's annual base salary for 2023  and for participants in Group 7  20 per cent of the participant's annual base salary for 2023. The total sum of the maximum values of the Performance Shares thus defined for all participants will not exceed SEK 583m excluding social costs.d. Each maximum value shall thereafter be converted into a maximum number of Performance Shares1   based on the average closing price paid for Electrolux shares of series B on Nasdaq Stockholm during a period of ten trading days before the day the participants are invited to participate in the program  reduced by the present value of estimated dividend payments for the period until shares are allotted.e. The calculation of the number of Performance Shares shall be connected to performance targets for the Group  for the performance period  established by the Board for (i) cumulative earnings per share2 and (ii) CO 2 reduction3. The performance targets adopted by the Board will stipulate a minimum level and a maximum level  with the relative weight of the performance targets (i) and (ii) being 80 per cent and 20 per cent respectively. For the participants in Group 1 and 2 (Group Management)  the granted Performance Shares based on (i) and (ii) will be multiplied by 0.75-1.25 depending on the outcome of a relative total shareholder return target4. The performance period is the financial years 2023-2025 with respect to each of the performance targets.f. Performance outcome of the established performance targets will be determined by the Board after the expiry of the three-year performance period in 2026. If the maximum performance level is reached or exceeded  the allocation will amount to (and will not exceed) the maximum number of Performance Shares following from items c) and d). If performance is below the maximum level but exceeds the minimum level  a proportionate allocation of shares will be made. No allocation will be made if performance amounts to or is below the minimum level. Information on the performance targets and the outcome will be provided no later than in connection with the allocation of Performance Shares in accordance with item g).g. If all conditions in the Share Program 2023 are met  allocation of Performance Shares will take place in the first half of 2026. Allocation will be free of charge except for tax liabilities.h. Certain deviations in or adjustments of the terms and conditions for the Share Program 2023 may be made based on local rules and regulations as well as applicable market practice or market conditions or where appropriate due to group re-organizations  including cash settlement instead of delivery of shares under certain circumstances.i. The Board of Directors  or a committee established by the Board for these purposes  shall be responsible for the preparation and management of the Share Program 2023  within the framework of the aforementioned terms and conditions.j. If material changes would occur within the Electrolux Group or on the market that  according to the Board's assessment  would lead to the conditions for allocation of Performance Shares no longer being reasonable  the Board will have the right to make also other adjustments of the Share Program 2023  including e.g. a right to resolve on a reduced allotment of shares.Costs for the Share Program 2023The total costs for the Share Program 2023 if the maximum number of Performance Shares are delivered  are estimated to a maximum of SEK 639m  which corresponds to approximately 3.1 per cent of total employment cost for 2022. The costs will be recognized over the years 2023-2025. The costs have been calculated as the sum of salary costs  including social costs  and administration costs for the program. Administration costs are estimated to be less than SEK 1m. If no allotment of shares is made  only administration costs will arise.The costs have been calculated based on the value  at the start of the program  of the Performance Shares that may be allotted at maximum performance  with a reduction of the present value of estimated dividend payments during a three-year period. The estimate on maximum costs assumes maximum performance and that the number of participants that will leave the Group during the performance period is the same as the historical average since the introduction of share programs in 2004. In the calculation  a maximum share price of SEK 247 per share has been applied.If repurchased own shares would be allocated under the program the number of outstanding shares is estimated to increase with not more than 3 965 000 shares of series B.5 Such maximum increase would have a dilutive effect on earnings per share of approximately 1.38 per cent. The total maximum increase in the number of outstanding shares of all outstanding share programs is estimated to not more than 7 874 000 shares of series B  corresponding to a dilutive effect on earnings per share of approximately 2.71 per cent. In this calculation  maximum allotment of shares has been assumed for Share Program 2023 and expected allotment has been assumed for the share programs for 2021 and 2022.Hedging measures for the Share Program 2023In order to implement Share Program 2023 in a cost-effective and flexible manner  the Board of Directors has considered various methods for transfer of shares to the participants. The Board of Directors has found that the most cost-effective alternative is transfer of own shares  and thus proposes that the Annual General Meeting resolves on transfer of own shares in accordance with item 17 b) below.Should the majority required under item 17 b) below not be reached  Electrolux intends to enter into an equity swap agreement with a third party.17 b) Resolution on transfers of own shares to the participants in Share Program 2023In order to secure the delivery of Performance Shares in accordance with the terms and conditions of Share Program 2023  the Board of Directors proposes that the Annual General Meeting resolves that the company shall transfer a maximum of 3 965 000 shares of series B in the company on the following terms and conditions:The right to receive shares shall be granted to such persons within the Electrolux Group covered by the terms and conditions pursuant to Share Program 2023. Furthermore  subsidiaries within the Electrolux Group shall have the right to acquire shares  free of consideration  and such subsidiaries shall be obligated to immediately transfer  free of consideration  shares to employees covered by the terms and conditions of Share Program 2023. The employee shall have the right to receive shares during the period when the employee is entitled to receive shares pursuant to the terms and conditions of Share Program 2023  i.e. in 2026. Employees covered by the terms and conditions of Share Program 2023 shall receive shares of series B in the company free of consideration. The number of shares of series B in Electrolux that may be transferred under Share Program 2023 will be subject to recalculation as a result of intervening bonus issues  splits  rights issues and/or other similar corporate events.Majority requirementsThe resolution of the Annual General Meeting to implement the program according to item 17 a) above requires that more than half of the votes cast at the Annual General Meeting approve the proposal. The Annual General Meeting's resolution on transfer of own shares  according to item 17 b) above requires that shareholders representing at least nine-tenths of the votes cast as well as the shares represented at the Annual General Meeting approve the proposal.Preparation of the proposal for the Share Program 2023The proposal regarding the Share Program 2023 has been prepared by the People Committee and the Board of Directors.Previous incentive programs in ElectroluxFor a description of the company's other share related incentive programs  reference is made to the Annual Report for 2022  note 27  and the Group's website  www.electroluxgroup.com. In addition to the programs described  no other share related incentive programs have been implemented in Electrolux.Shares and votesAs of February 17  2023  there are in total 283 077 393 shares in the company of which 8 192 348 are series A shares  each carrying one vote  and 274 885 045 are series B shares  each carrying one-tenth of a vote  corresponding to in total 35 680 852.5 votes. As of the same date the company holds 13 049 115 own shares of series B  corresponding to 1 304 911.5 votes that may not be represented at the General Meeting.Shareholders' right to receive informationThe Board of Directors and the President and CEO shall  if any shareholder so requests and the Board of Directors believes that it can be done without material harm to the company  at the Annual General Meeting  provide information regarding circumstances that may affect the assessment of an item on the agenda and circumstances that may affect the assessment of the company's or its subsidiaries' financial situation and the company's relation to other companies within the Group. Shareholders wishing to submit questions in advance may send them to AB Electrolux (publ)  General Counsel  SE-105 45 Stockholm  Sweden or by e-mail at [email protected].Processing of personal dataFor information on how your personal data is processed  see https://www.euroclear.com/dam/ESwithLegal/Privacy-notice-bolagsstammor-engelska.pdfDocumentsThe Board of Directors' complete proposals are set out above. Information about persons proposed as members of the Board of Directors of Electrolux  information about proposed Auditor and the Nomination Committee's statement etc.  can be found on the Group's website  www.electroluxgroup.com/agm2023. The Annual Report  the Auditor's Report  the Auditor's statement pursuant to Chapter 8  Section 54 of the Swedish Companies Act regarding the remuneration guidelines for the group management  the Remuneration Report pursuant to Chapter 8  Section 53 a of the Swedish Companies Act  and the Board of Directors' statement pursuant to Chapter 19  Section 22 of the Swedish Companies Act relating to the proposal under item 16 a) above will be available at the company  AB Electrolux  S:t Göransgatan 143  SE-105 45 Stockholm  Sweden and on the Group's website  www.electroluxgroup.com/agm2023  no later than March 8  2023. The documents will also be sent to shareholders who so request and state their address.Stockholm in February 2023AB Electrolux (publ)THE BOARD OF DIRECTORS1 With a possibility for the Board of Directors to make adjustments for extraordinary events such as bonus issue  split  rights issue and/or other similar events.2 Earnings per share as defined in the financial statements on a cumulative basis during the entire performance period (with a possibility for the Board of Directors to make adjustments for extraordinary events).3 The CO 2 reduction target refers to greenhouse gas reductions within the following three areas: (i) operations  (ii) transportation and (iii) energy from product use  with the relative weight of the three areas being 25 per cent for each of area (i) and (ii) and 50 per cent for area (iii). The target will be measured on selected predefined product categories and regions.4 The relative total shareholder return target refers to Electrolux Group's total shareholder return (TSR) (share price appreciation added by sum of all dividends received during the performance period) performance versus the FTSE EMEA Consumer Discretionary index during 2023-2025. If Electrolux TSR is at or below the lower quartile of the index  a multiplier of 0.75 will apply. If TSR is at or above the upper quartile  a multiplier of 1.25 will apply. If TSR is below the upper quartile but exceeds the lower quartile a proportionate multiplier between 0.75 and 1.25 will apply. The Board of Directors will have the possibility to make adjustments for extraordinary events such as a change of the composition of the index during the performance period.5 With a possibility for the Board of Directors to make adjustments for extraordinary events such as bonus issue  split  rights issue and/or other similar events.For further information  please contact:Electrolux Group Press Hotline  +46 8 657 65 07The following files are available for download:https://mb.cision.com/Main/1853/3717392/1857548.pdf 2023_PR_Notice AGM 2023_Eng_Final 2SOURCE Electrolux Group",neutral,0.0,0.99,0.0,mixed,0.26,0.22,0.52,True,English,"['Annual General Meeting', 'AB Electrolux', 'Notice', 'The Annual General Meeting', 'other supporting document', 'corporate identification number', 'Euroclear Sweden AB', 'Voting rights reg', 'postal voting form', 'AB Electrolux', 'meeting venue', 'Münchenbryggeriet', 'Torkel Knutssonsgatan', 'share register', 'telephone number', 'legal entity', 'authorized signatory', 'record date', 'postal vote', 'registration certificate', 'dated power', 'specific instructions', 'Further instructions', 'special form', 'Proxy forms', 'separate notification', 'Feb.', 'shareholders', 'notice', 'Wednesday', 'March', 'CET', 'Stockholm', 'Admission', 'Board', 'Directors', 'Group', 'website', 'Swedish', 'English', 'Participation', 'person', 'presentation', 'circumstances', 'Tuesday', 'Thursday', 'weekdays', '9 a', 'letter', 'Box', 'agm2023', 'name', 'address', 'assistants', 'written', 'attorney', 'representative', 'order', 'company', 'advance', 'request', 'accordance', 'case', 'publ', 'mail', 'votes', 'verification', 'BankID', 'vpc', 'EuroclearProxy', 'conditions', 'entirety', 'Shares', 'nominee', 'addition', 're-registration', 'routines', 'time', '4.00', '3.15']",2023-02-20,2023-02-20,prnewswire.com
18812,Euroclear,NewsApi.org,https://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/convening-notice---extraordinary-general-meeting-in-immunovia-ab-publ-301750545.html,CONVENING NOTICE - EXTRAORDINARY GENERAL MEETING IN IMMUNOVIA AB (publ),"LUND  Sweden  Feb. 20  2023 /PRNewswire/ -- Immunovia AB (publ)  reg. no. 556730-4299  hereby gives notice that an Extraordinary General Meeting (""EGM"") will take place on Thursday 16th March 2023 at 10.00 at The Spark  Scheeletorget 1  Medicon Village  in Lu…","LUND  Sweden  Feb. 20  2023 /PRNewswire/ -- Immunovia AB (publ)  reg. no. 556730-4299  hereby gives notice that an Extraordinary General Meeting (""EGM"") will take place on Thursday 16th March 2023 at 10.00 at The Spark  Scheeletorget 1  Medicon Village  in Lund. Registration to the EGM starts at 09:45.Pursuant to section 9 of Immunovia AB's articles of association  the board has resolved that shareholders may exercise their voting rights at the EGM by post. Shareholders may therefore choose to exercise their voting rights in person at the meeting  by proxy or through advance voting via regular mail or e-mail.Preconditions for participationA shareholder who wishes to participate in the EGM must (i) be recorded in the share register prepared by Euroclear Sweden AB relating to the circumstances on 8th March 2023  and (ii) notify its intention to participate in the EGM no later than 10th March 2023  either by post to ""Bolagsstämma""  Immunovia AB  Scheelevägen 2  223 63 Lund  Sweden or via email to [email protected]  or by casting an advance vote in accordance with what is set out below no later than 10th March 2023. A participation notice shall contain name and personal identity number or corporate registration number  address  telephone number  registered shareholding in Immunovia AB and number of attending assistants  if any (not more than 2).To be entitled to participate in the EGM  a shareholder whose shares are held in the name of a nominee must register its shares in its own name so that the shareholder is recorded in the share register as of 8th March 2023. Such registration may be temporary (so-called voting right registration) and is requested from the nominee in accordance with the nominee's procedures and such time in advance as the nominee determines. Voting right registrations completed no later than 10th March 2023 will be taken into account when preparing the register of shareholders.Advance voting via regular mail or e-mailThe shareholders may also exercise their voting rights at the EGM by voting in advance  so-called postal voting. A special form shall be used for advance voting  which once completed and signed shall be sent to the company either by post to ""Bolagsstämma""  Immunovia AB  Scheelevägen 2  223 63 Lund  Sweden or via email to [email protected]. The voting form will be available at the company's website https://immunovia.com/sv/bolagsstamma/  and will be sent to shareholders who so request. The voting form must be received by the company no later than 10th March 2023. The shareholder may not provide special instructions or conditions in the voting form. If so  the vote (i.e. the advance vote in its entirety) is invalid. Further instructions and conditions are included in the voting form. Submission of a voting form is considered as a notification of participation.Authorisation documentsShareholders who are represented by proxy must issue a written  dated proxy for the representative. Such proxy forms are available at https://immunovia.com/sv/bolagsstamma/. The proxy should be sent to the company in accordance with the above  together with the participation notice or with the advance notice form. If the proxy is issued by a legal entity  a copy of the certificate of registration or an equivalent certificate of authority must be submitted to the company.Proposed agenda1. Opening of the meeting and election of a chairman for the meeting2. Preparation and approval of voting list3. Election of person(s) to approve the minutes4. Determination of whether the meeting has been duly convened5. Approval of the agenda6. Resolution regarding approval of the board's resolution of a share issue with preferential rights for existing shareholders7. Closing of the meetingThe board's resolution proposals at Immunovia AB's Extraordinary General Meeting  2023-03-16§ 1 Opening of the meeting and election of a chairman for the meetingThe board proposes that the chairman of the board  Carl Borrebaeck  should be elected as chairman for the meeting or  if he is not able to participate at the meeting  another person proposed by the board.§ 6 Resolution regarding approval of the board's resolution of a share issue new shares with preferential rights for existing shareholdersThe board proposes that the EGM approves the resolution of the board on 20 February 2023 to increase the company's share capital with not more than SEK 1 508 772.00  through a issuance of not more than 30 175 440 new shares with preferential rights for existing shareholders (the ""Rights Issue"") in accordance with the following terms. The purpose with the Rights Issue is  among other things  to finance the company's accelerated commercial roll-out of IMMray® PanCan-d  research and development and financing of the business including general ongoing costs in accordance with the company's communicated strategy.The right to subscribe for the new shares with pre-emption right shall be granted those which on the record day for the Rights Issue are registered as shareholders in the company. Holding of one (1) share entitles to one (1) subscription right. Three (3) subscription rights entitles the holder to subscribe for four (4) new shares.In the event that not all shares are subscribed for with subscription rights  the board of directors shall  within the Rights Issue's maximum amount  resolve on the allotment of shares subscribed for without the support of subscription rights  whereby allotment shall be made according to the following allotment principles: (i) firstly  allotment shall be made to those who have subscribed for shares on the basis of subscription rights  regardless of whether the subscriber was a shareholder on the record date or not  pro rata in relation to the number of subscription rights used for subscription and  to the extent that this cannot be done  through the drawing of lots  (ii) secondly  allotment shall be made to others who have signed up for subscription without the support of subscription rights. In the event that these cannot receive full allotment  allotment shall be made pro rata in proportion to the number of shares which subscription have been applied for by each and  to the extent that this cannot be done  through the drawing of lots  (iii) thirdly and finally  any remaining shares shall be allotted to the parties that guaranteed the Rights Issue  in accordance with to the guarantee commitments made.The record date for obtaining subscription rights and participating in the Rights Issue shall be 21 March 2023. Subscription of new shares with subscription rights shall be made by cash payment during the period from and including 23 March 2023 to and including 6 April 2023. Application to subscribe for new shares without subscription rights shall be made on a separate application form during the same period as subscription with preferential rights. Subscription of new shares subscribed for without pre-emptive rights (including those who have guaranteed the Rights Issue) shall be made through a subscription list up until and including 12 April 2023. Payment for new shares subscribed for without pre-emptive rights (including those who have guaranteed the Rights Issue) shall be made in cash no later than 17 April 2023. The board of directors shall have the right to extend the subscription period and postpone the date for payment.The new shares shall be issued to a subscription price per share of SEK 6.70. The part of the subscription price which exceeds the shares' quota value shall be allocated to the free share premium reserve.The new shares entitle to dividends for the first time on the first record date for dividend that take place after the Rights Issue has been registered with the Swedish Companies Registration Office and been recorded in the share register kept by Euroclear Sweden AB.The board of directors  or any person they appoint  shall be authorized to make such minor adjustments of the general meetings resolution as might be necessary in connection with registration with the Swedish Companies Registration Office and Euroclear Sweden AB.Number of shares and votesAs per the date of this notice  there are a total of 22 631 581 shares in the company  each share representing one vote. The company does not hold any of its own shares.DocumentsDocumentation in accordance with Chapter 13  Section 6 of the Swedish Companies Act will be available at the company's address as stated above and on the company's website https://immunovia.com/sv/bolagsstamma/ no later than three weeks prior to the EGM. Further  the proxy form and the voting form are kept available in the same way. Copies of the documents will be sent upon request to shareholders providing their address to the company.Information at the EGMThe board shall  if any shareholder so requests and the board believe that it can be done without material harm to the company  provide information regarding circumstances that may affect the assessment of an item on the agenda and the company's relation to other companies within the group.Processing of personal dataFor information on how your personal data is processed  see the privacy notice available on Euroclear's webpage  www.euroclear.com/dam/ESwithLegal/Privacy-notice-bolagsstammor-engelska.pdf.Lund in February 2023Immunovia AB (publ)The board of directorsFor more information  please contact:Philipp Mathieu CEO and President[email protected]Karin Almqvist LiwendahlChief Financial Officer[email protected]+46 709 11 56 08About ImmunoviaImmunovia is a diagnostic company with the vision to revolutionize blood-based diagnostics and increase survival rates for patients with cancer.Our first product  IMMray™ PanCan-d is the only blood test currently available specifically for the early detection of pancreatic cancer. The test has unmatched clinical performance. Commercialization of IMMray™ PanCan-d started in August 2021 in the USA and IMMray™ PanCan-d is offered as a laboratory developed test (LDT) exclusively through Immunovia  Inc. For more information see: www.immunoviainc.com.Immunovia collaborates and engages with healthcare providers  leading experts and patient advocacy groups globally to make this test available to all high-risk pancreatic cancer groups.The USA  the first market in which IMMray™ PanCan-d is commercially available  is the world's largest market for the detection of pancreatic cancer with an estimated value of more than USD 4 billion annually.Immunovia's shares (IMMNOV) are listed on Nasdaq Stockholm. For more information  please visit www.immunovia.comThe following files are available for download:https://mb.cision.com/Main/13121/3718473/1859157.pdf Press release (PDF)SOURCE Immunovia AB",positive,0.51,0.46,0.03,mixed,0.36,0.13,0.51,True,English,"['EXTRAORDINARY GENERAL MEETING', 'CONVENING NOTICE', 'IMMUNOVIA AB', 'general ongoing costs', 'personal identity number', 'Thursday 16th March', 'one (1) share entit', 'Extraordinary General Meeting', 'corporate registration number', 'Such proxy forms', 'Euroclear Sweden AB', 'voting right registration', 'advance notice form', 'Such registration', 'telephone number', 'Immunovia AB', '8th March', '10th March', 'special form', 'voting form', 'The Spark', 'Medicon Village', 'Bolagsstämma', 'Scheelevägen', 'registered shareholding', 'attending assistants', 'right registrations', 'special instructions', 'Further instructions', 'Authorisation documents', 'legal entity', 'share issue', 'preferential rights', 'Carl Borrebaeck', 'share capital', 'Rights Issue', 'following terms', 'other things', 'commercial roll-out', 'IMMray® PanCan-d', 'pre-emption right', 'record day', 'voting rights', 'postal voting', 'voting list', 'Advance voting', 'share register', 'new shares', 'regular mail', 'participation notice', 'equivalent certificate', 'advance vote', 'existing shareholders', 'resolution proposals', 'LUND', 'Feb.', 'publ', 'EGM', 'place', 'Scheeletorget', 'section', 'articles', 'association', 'board', 'Preconditions', 'circumstances', 'intention', 'email', 'accordance', 'name', 'address', 'nominee', 'procedures', 'time', 'account', 'company', 'website', 'bolagsstamma', 'entirety', 'Submission', 'notification', 'dated', 'representative', 'copy', 'authority', 'agenda', 'Opening', 'election', 'chairman', 'Preparation', 'approval', 'minutes', 'Determination', 'Closing', '20 February', 'SEK', 'issuance', 'purpose', 'research', 'development', 'financing', 'business', 'strategy', '4.', '§']",2023-02-20,2023-02-20,prnewswire.com
18813,Euroclear,Bing API,https://www.prnewswire.co.uk/news-releases/convening-notice---extraordinary-general-meeting-in-immunovia-ab-publ-301750547.html,CONVENING NOTICE - EXTRAORDINARY GENERAL MEETING IN IMMUNOVIA AB (publ),"Immunovia AB (publ)  reg. no. 556730-4299  hereby gives notice that an Extraordinary General Meeting (""EGM"") will take place on Thursday","LUND  Sweden  Feb. 20  2023 /PRNewswire/ -- Immunovia AB (publ)  reg. no. 556730-4299  hereby gives notice that an Extraordinary General Meeting (""EGM"") will take place on Thursday 16th March 2023 at 10.00 at The Spark  Scheeletorget 1  Medicon Village  in Lund. Registration to the EGM starts at 09:45.Pursuant to section 9 of Immunovia AB's articles of association  the board has resolved that shareholders may exercise their voting rights at the EGM by post. Shareholders may therefore choose to exercise their voting rights in person at the meeting  by proxy or through advance voting via regular mail or e-mail.Preconditions for participationA shareholder who wishes to participate in the EGM must (i) be recorded in the share register prepared by Euroclear Sweden AB relating to the circumstances on 8th March 2023  and (ii) notify its intention to participate in the EGM no later than 10th March 2023  either by post to ""Bolagsstämma""  Immunovia AB  Scheelevägen 2  223 63 Lund  Sweden or via email to bolagsstamma@immunovia.com  or by casting an advance vote in accordance with what is set out below no later than 10th March 2023. A participation notice shall contain name and personal identity number or corporate registration number  address  telephone number  registered shareholding in Immunovia AB and number of attending assistants  if any (not more than 2).To be entitled to participate in the EGM  a shareholder whose shares are held in the name of a nominee must register its shares in its own name so that the shareholder is recorded in the share register as of 8th March 2023. Such registration may be temporary (so-called voting right registration) and is requested from the nominee in accordance with the nominee's procedures and such time in advance as the nominee determines. Voting right registrations completed no later than 10th March 2023 will be taken into account when preparing the register of shareholders.Advance voting via regular mail or e-mailThe shareholders may also exercise their voting rights at the EGM by voting in advance  so-called postal voting. A special form shall be used for advance voting  which once completed and signed shall be sent to the company either by post to ""Bolagsstämma""  Immunovia AB  Scheelevägen 2  223 63 Lund  Sweden or via email to bolagsstamma@immunovia.com. The voting form will be available at the company's website https://immunovia.com/sv/bolagsstamma/  and will be sent to shareholders who so request. The voting form must be received by the company no later than 10th March 2023. The shareholder may not provide special instructions or conditions in the voting form. If so  the vote (i.e. the advance vote in its entirety) is invalid. Further instructions and conditions are included in the voting form. Submission of a voting form is considered as a notification of participation.Authorisation documentsShareholders who are represented by proxy must issue a written  dated proxy for the representative. Such proxy forms are available at https://immunovia.com/sv/bolagsstamma/. The proxy should be sent to the company in accordance with the above  together with the participation notice or with the advance notice form. If the proxy is issued by a legal entity  a copy of the certificate of registration or an equivalent certificate of authority must be submitted to the company.Proposed agenda1. Opening of the meeting and election of a chairman for the meeting2. Preparation and approval of voting list3. Election of person(s) to approve the minutes4. Determination of whether the meeting has been duly convened5. Approval of the agenda6. Resolution regarding approval of the board's resolution of a share issue with preferential rights for existing shareholders7. Closing of the meetingThe board's resolution proposals at Immunovia AB's Extraordinary General Meeting  2023-03-16§ 1 Opening of the meeting and election of a chairman for the meetingThe board proposes that the chairman of the board  Carl Borrebaeck  should be elected as chairman for the meeting or  if he is not able to participate at the meeting  another person proposed by the board.§ 6 Resolution regarding approval of the board's resolution of a share issue new shares with preferential rights for existing shareholdersThe board proposes that the EGM approves the resolution of the board on 20 February 2023 to increase the company's share capital with not more than SEK 1 508 772.00  through a issuance of not more than 30 175 440 new shares with preferential rights for existing shareholders (the ""Rights Issue"") in accordance with the following terms. The purpose with the Rights Issue is  among other things  to finance the company's accelerated commercial roll-out of IMMray® PanCan-d  research and development and financing of the business including general ongoing costs in accordance with the company's communicated strategy.The right to subscribe for the new shares with pre-emption right shall be granted those which on the record day for the Rights Issue are registered as shareholders in the company. Holding of one (1) share entitles to one (1) subscription right. Three (3) subscription rights entitles the holder to subscribe for four (4) new shares.In the event that not all shares are subscribed for with subscription rights  the board of directors shall  within the Rights Issue's maximum amount  resolve on the allotment of shares subscribed for without the support of subscription rights  whereby allotment shall be made according to the following allotment principles: (i) firstly  allotment shall be made to those who have subscribed for shares on the basis of subscription rights  regardless of whether the subscriber was a shareholder on the record date or not  pro rata in relation to the number of subscription rights used for subscription and  to the extent that this cannot be done  through the drawing of lots  (ii) secondly  allotment shall be made to others who have signed up for subscription without the support of subscription rights. In the event that these cannot receive full allotment  allotment shall be made pro rata in proportion to the number of shares which subscription have been applied for by each and  to the extent that this cannot be done  through the drawing of lots  (iii) thirdly and finally  any remaining shares shall be allotted to the parties that guaranteed the Rights Issue  in accordance with to the guarantee commitments made.The record date for obtaining subscription rights and participating in the Rights Issue shall be 21 March 2023. Subscription of new shares with subscription rights shall be made by cash payment during the period from and including 23 March 2023 to and including 6 April 2023. Application to subscribe for new shares without subscription rights shall be made on a separate application form during the same period as subscription with preferential rights. Subscription of new shares subscribed for without pre-emptive rights (including those who have guaranteed the Rights Issue) shall be made through a subscription list up until and including 12 April 2023. Payment for new shares subscribed for without pre-emptive rights (including those who have guaranteed the Rights Issue) shall be made in cash no later than 17 April 2023. The board of directors shall have the right to extend the subscription period and postpone the date for payment.The new shares shall be issued to a subscription price per share of SEK 6.70. The part of the subscription price which exceeds the shares' quota value shall be allocated to the free share premium reserve.The new shares entitle to dividends for the first time on the first record date for dividend that take place after the Rights Issue has been registered with the Swedish Companies Registration Office and been recorded in the share register kept by Euroclear Sweden AB.The board of directors  or any person they appoint  shall be authorized to make such minor adjustments of the general meetings resolution as might be necessary in connection with registration with the Swedish Companies Registration Office and Euroclear Sweden AB.Number of shares and votesAs per the date of this notice  there are a total of 22 631 581 shares in the company  each share representing one vote. The company does not hold any of its own shares.DocumentsDocumentation in accordance with Chapter 13  Section 6 of the Swedish Companies Act will be available at the company's address as stated above and on the company's website https://immunovia.com/sv/bolagsstamma/ no later than three weeks prior to the EGM. Further  the proxy form and the voting form are kept available in the same way. Copies of the documents will be sent upon request to shareholders providing their address to the company.Information at the EGMThe board shall  if any shareholder so requests and the board believe that it can be done without material harm to the company  provide information regarding circumstances that may affect the assessment of an item on the agenda and the company's relation to other companies within the group.Processing of personal dataFor information on how your personal data is processed  see the privacy notice available on Euroclear's webpage  www.euroclear.com/dam/ESwithLegal/Privacy-notice-bolagsstammor-engelska.pdf.Lund in February 2023Immunovia AB (publ)The board of directorsFor more information  please contact:Philipp Mathieu CEO and Presidentphilipp.mathieu@immunovia.comKarin Almqvist LiwendahlChief Financial Officerkarin.almqvist.liwendahl@immunovia.com+46 709 11 56 08About ImmunoviaImmunovia is a diagnostic company with the vision to revolutionize blood-based diagnostics and increase survival rates for patients with cancer.Our first product  IMMray™ PanCan-d is the only blood test currently available specifically for the early detection of pancreatic cancer. The test has unmatched clinical performance. Commercialization of IMMray™ PanCan-d started in August 2021 in the USA and IMMray™ PanCan-d is offered as a laboratory developed test (LDT) exclusively through Immunovia  Inc. For more information see: www.immunoviainc.com.Immunovia collaborates and engages with healthcare providers  leading experts and patient advocacy groups globally to make this test available to all high-risk pancreatic cancer groups.The USA  the first market in which IMMray™ PanCan-d is commercially available  is the world's largest market for the detection of pancreatic cancer with an estimated value of more than USD 4 billion annually.Immunovia's shares (IMMNOV) are listed on Nasdaq Stockholm. For more information  please visit www.immunovia.comThe following files are available for download:https://mb.cision.com/Main/13121/3718473/1859157.pdf Press release (PDF)SOURCE Immunovia AB",positive,0.51,0.46,0.03,mixed,0.36,0.13,0.51,True,English,"['EXTRAORDINARY GENERAL MEETING', 'CONVENING NOTICE', 'IMMUNOVIA AB', 'general ongoing costs', 'personal identity number', 'Thursday 16th March', 'Extraordinary General Meeting', 'corporate registration number', 'Such proxy forms', 'Euroclear Sweden AB', 'voting right registration', 'advance notice form', 'Such registration', 'telephone number', '8th March', '10th March', 'special form', 'voting form', 'Immunovia AB', 'The Spark', 'Medicon Village', 'Bolagsstämma', 'Scheelevägen', 'registered shareholding', 'attending assistants', 'right registrations', 'special instructions', 'Further instructions', 'Authorisation documents', 'legal entity', 'preferential rights', 'Carl Borrebaeck', 'Rights Issue', 'following terms', 'other things', 'commercial roll-out', 'IMMray® PanCan-d', 'emption right', 'record day', 'voting rights', 'postal voting', 'voting list', 'share issue', 'share capital', 'Advance voting', 'new shares', 'regular mail', 'participation notice', 'equivalent certificate', 'share register', 'advance vote', 'existing shareholders', 'resolution proposals', 'LUND', 'Feb.', 'publ', 'EGM', 'place', 'Scheeletorget', 'section', 'articles', 'association', 'board', 'Preconditions', 'circumstances', 'intention', 'email', 'bolagsstamma', 'accordance', 'name', 'address', 'nominee', 'procedures', 'time', 'account', 'company', 'website', 'entirety', 'Submission', 'notification', 'dated', 'representative', 'copy', 'authority', 'agenda', 'Opening', 'election', 'chairman', 'Preparation', 'approval', 'minutes', 'Determination', 'Closing', '20 February', 'SEK', 'issuance', 'purpose', 'research', 'development', 'financing', 'business', 'strategy', '4.', '§']",2023-02-20,2023-02-20,prnewswire.co.uk
18814,Euroclear,Bing API,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/notice-convening-annual-general-meeting-074000363.html,Notice convening the Annual General Meeting of Castellum Aktiebolag,"The shareholders of Castellum Aktiebolag  Reg. No. 556475-5550 (""Castellum"" or the ""Company"") are hereby given notice to attend the Annual General Meeting to be held on Thursday  23 March 2023  at 5 p.","GOTHENBURG  Sweden  Feb. 20  2023 /PRNewswire/ -- The shareholders of Castellum Aktiebolag  Reg. No. 556475-5550 (""Castellum"" or the ""Company"") are hereby given notice to attend the Annual General Meeting to be held on Thursday  23 March 2023  at 5 p.m. CET at Castellum's head office at Hangövägen 20  floor 4  Stockholm. The entrance opens at 4.30 p.m CET.The Board of Directors has decided  pursuant to Chapter 7  Section 4 a of the Swedish Companies Act (Sw. aktiebolagslagen) and the Company's Articles of Assocation  that shareholders that do not want to  or cannot  attend the Annual General Meeting in person can exercise their voting rights by postal voting. Consequently  shareholders may choose to exercise their voting rights at the Annual General Meeting by attending in person  through a proxy or by postal voting. No beverages or food will be served at the meeting.Notification etc.A) Attending the meeting venue in personA person who wishes to attend the meeting venue in person or by proxy mustbe registered as a shareholder in the share register kept by Euroclear Sweden AB by Wednesday  15 March 2023; andgive notice of participation in the Annual General Meeting no later than Friday  17 March 2023 (preferably before 4 p.m. CET). Notification of participation at the Annual General Meeting can be made by post to Castellum Aktiebolag  c/o Euroclear Sweden AB  Box 191  SE-101 23 Stockholm  by phone at +46 8–401 43 76  or through Euroclear Sweden AB's website  https://anmalan.vpc.se/EuroclearProxy/.The notification must state name/business name  social security number/company registration number  address and telephone number.For those who wish to be represented by a proxy  a written and dated power of attorney signed by the shareholder must be attached to the notification and presented at the meeting. A form of proxy is available on Castellum's website  www.castellum.com. If the shareholder is a legal person  a registration certificate  or if such document does not exist  other corresponding authorisation documentation must be attached.Story continuesB) Participation by postal votingA person who wishes to participate in the Annual General Meeting by postal voting mustbe registered as a shareholder in the share register kept by Euroclear Sweden AB by Wednesday  15 March 2023; andgive notice of participation in the Annual General Meeting no later than Friday  17 March 2023  by submitting a postal voting form in accordance with the instructions below  so that the postal vote is received by Euroclear Sweden AB no later than that day.A person who wishes to attend the meeting venue in person or by proxy  must give notice in accordance with the instructions stated under A) above. Hence  a notice of participation only through postal voting is not sufficient for a person who wishes to attend the meeting venue.A special form shall be used for postal voting. The form is available on the Company's website  www.castellum.com. The completed and signed form may be sent by post to Castellum Aktiebolag  ""Annual General Meeting""  c/o Euroclear Sweden AB  Box 191  SE-101 23 Stockholm  or by email to GeneralMeetingService@euroclear.com (state ""Castellum Aktiebolag – postal voting"" in the subject line). The completed and signed form must be received by Euroclear Sweden AB no later than Friday  17 March 2023. Shareholders may also submit the postal vote electronically by verifying with BankID via Euroclear Sweden AB's website  https://anmalan.vpc.se/EuroclearProxy/.Shareholders may not provide specific instructions or conditions in the voting form. If so  the postal vote  in its entirety  is invalid. Further instructions and conditions are included in the form for postal voting.If the shareholder postal votes by proxy  a written and dated power of attorney signed by the shareholder must be attached to the postal voting form. A form of proxy is available on Castellum's website  www.castellum.com. If the shareholder is a legal person  a registration certificate or other corresponding authorisation document must be attached to the form.Nominee-registered sharesIn order to be entitled to participate in the Annual General Meeting  a shareholder whose shares are registered in the name of a nominee must  in addition to giving notice of participation  register its shares in its own name so that it is registered as a shareholder in the share register kept by Euroclear Sweden AB by Wednesday  15 March 2023. Such registration may be temporary (so-called voting rights registration)  and request for such voting rights registration shall be made to the nominee  in accordance with the nominee's routines  at such a time as decided by the nominee. Voting rights registrations that have been made no later than Friday  17 March 2023 will be taken into account in the presentation of the share register.Right for shareholders to receive informationShareholders are reminded of their right to receive information from the Board of Directors and the Managing Director at the Annual General Meeting in accordance with Chapter 7  Section 32 of the Swedish Companies Act in respect of information regarding circumstances that may affect the assessment of an item on the agenda  circumstances that can affect the assessment of the Company's or its subsidiaries' financial position and the Company's relation to other companies within the group. The Board of Directors and the Managing Director shall provide such information at the Annual General Meeting  provided that they consider that it may be done without significant harm to Castellum. Shareholders wishing to submit questions in advance may do so by sending an email to arsstamma@castellum.se.Items1. Opening of the meeting and election of the Chair of the meeting.2. Preparation and approval of the voting list.3. Approval of the agenda.4. Election of one or two persons to verify the minutes.5. Determination of whether the Annual General Meeting has been duly convened.6. Presentation of(a) the annual accounts and the audit report as well as the consolidated annual accounts and the audit report for the group (b) the auditor's statement regarding the Company's compliance with the guidelines for remuneration to members of the executive management in effect since the previous Annual General Meeting.In connection thereto  presentations by the Chair of the Board of Directors and the Managing Director.7. Resolution to adopt the income statement and the balance sheet as well as the consolidated income statement and the consolidated balance sheet.8. Resolution regarding the allocation of the Company's profit in accordance with the adopted balance sheet.9. Resolution regarding discharge from liability towards the Company in respect of the members of the Board of Directors and the Managing Director.10. Resolution to amend the Articles of Association.11. The Nomination Committee's presentation of its proposals to the Annual General Meeting and the Nomination Committee's statement concerning its proposal regarding the Board of Directors.12. Determination of the number of members of the Board of Directors and auditors and deputy auditors.13. Resolution regarding the remuneration to be paid to the members of the Board of Directors and the auditor.14. Election of members of the Board of Directors and the Chair of the Board of Directors.(a) Per Berggren (Chair)(b) Anna-Karin Celsing(c) Joacim Sjöberg(d) Henrik Käll(e) Leiv Synnes(f) Louise Richnau (new election)(g) Ann-Louise Lökholm-Klasson (new election)15. Election of auditor.16. Resolution on approval of updated instructions for the Nomination Committee.17. Resolution on the approval of the remuneration report.18. Resolution to grant the Board of Directors the authority to resolve on an issue of new shares  either applying or disapplying shareholders' preferential rights.19. Resolution to grant the Board of Directors the authority to resolve on an issue of new shares  applying the shareholders' preferential rights.20. Resolution to grant the Board of Directors the authority to resolve on acquisitions and transfers of the Company's own shares.21. Resolution to reduce the share capital by way of cancellation of own shares.22. Closing of the Annual General Meeting.Resolutions proposed by the Board of DirectorsItem 8 – Resolution regarding the allocation of the Company's profit in accordance with the adopted balance sheet.The Board of Directors proposes that no dividend is distributed and that the retained profit shall be carried forward to the new accounts.Item 10 – Resolution to amend the Articles of Association.For the purpose of adjusting the limits for the share capital and the number of shares in the Articles of Association in light of the Board of Directors' proposal to authorise the Board of Directors to resolve upon a rights issue as set out in item 19 of the notice convening the Annual General Meeting  the Board of Directors proposes to amend § 4 and § 5 in the Articles of Association in accordance with the below. Further  the Board of Directors proposes that § 11 of the Articles of Association is amended so that a General Meeting  in addition to being able to be held in Gothenburg  may also be held in Stockholm.Current wording § 4 Proposed wording § 4 The company's share capital shall be no less than SEK 75 000 000 and no more than SEK 300 000 000. The company's share capital shall be no less than SEK 150 000 000 and no more than SEK 600 000 000. Current wording § 5 Proposed wording § 5 The number of shares shall be no less than 150 000 000 and no more than 600 000 000. The number of shares shall be no less than 300 000 000 and no more than 1 200 000 000. Current wording § 11 Proposed wording § 11 An Annual General Meeting shall be held in Göteborg or Stockholm within six months of the expiry of each financial year. General Meetings shall be held in Gothenburg or Stockholm. An Annual General Meeting shall be held in Göteborg or Stockholm within six months of the expiry of each financial year.Item 17 – Resolution on the approval of the remuneration report.The Board of Directors proposes that the Annual General Meeting resolves to approve the Board of Directors' remuneration report.Item 18 – Resolution to grant the Board of Directors the authority to resolve on an issue of new shares  either applying or disapplying shareholders' preferential rights.The Board of Directors' proposal implies that the Board of Directors shall be authorised to  during the period until the next Annual General Meeting  resolve on new share issues  on one or several occasions  with or without deviation from the shareholders' preferential rights and that shares corresponding to maximum ten per cent (10%) of the Company's share capital as of the date for the first exercise of the authorisation may be issued. Further  the proposal implies that an issue may be made against cash payment  by set-off or by contribution in kind. In case of deviation from the shareholders' preferential rights  shares shall be issued on market terms. The purpose of the Board of Directors' proposal is to (i) enable the Company to completely or partially finance any future real property investments and/or acquisitions of real property companies/businesses by issuing new shares as payment in connection with agreements on acquisition of real property  alternatively to raise capital for such investments and/or acquisitions; and/or (ii) enable the Company to strengthen its financial position and/or create a larger liquidity buffer for financing commitments.Item 19 – Resolution to grant the Board of Directors the authority to resolve on an issue of new shares  applying the shareholders' preferential rights.The Board of Directors' proposal implies that the Board of Directors shall be authorised to  during the period until the next Annual General Meeting  resolve on new share issues  on one or several occasions  with preferential rights for the shareholders  for the purpose of strengthening the Company's financial position. The total number of shares that may be issued by virtue of the authorisation shall amount to the number of shares that corresponds to issue proceeds of approximately SEK 10 billion. Other terms and conditions for the new share issue shall be determined by the Board of Directors.Item 20 – Resolution to grant the Board of Directors the authority to resolve on acquisitions and transfers of the Company's own shares.The Board of Directors' proposal implies that the Board of Directors shall be authorised to  during the period until the next Annual General Meeting  resolve on acquisition on one or several occasions  of the Company's own shares provided that the Company after each acquisition will not hold more than ten per cent (10%) of all the shares in the Company  and to transfer all of the Company's own shares with deviation from the shareholders' preferential rights. The objective of the Board of Directors' proposal is to allow the Company to adapt its capital structure to its capital needs from time to time and thereby contribute to an increased shareholder value  and/or to transfer own shares as payment in order to completely or partially finance any future real property investments and/or acquisitions of real property companies/businesses or by using own shares as payment in connection with agreements on acquisition of real property  alternatively to raise capital for such investments and/or acquisitions. This objective does not allow the Company to trade with its own shares for the short-term purpose of making a profit.Item 21 – Resolution to reduce the share capital by way of cancellation of own shares.The Board of Directors proposes that the Annual General Meeting resolves to reduce the Company's share capital by an amount of SEK 8 665 500 by way of cancellation of the 17 331 000 own shares held by the Company as of the date of this notice. The reduction amount shall be allocated to unrestricted equity.The resolution to reduce the share capital by way of cancellation of own shares is conditional upon the Board of Directors utilising the authorisation proposed to be resolved by the Annual General Meeting in accordance with item 19 of the notice convening the Annual General Meeting.The resolution to reduce the share capital may be carried out without obtaining an authorisation from the Swedish Companies Registration Office  since the resolution will not be executed unless the Company simultaneously carries out a rights issue by means of the Board of Directors' exercise of the authorisation proposed to be resolved upon by the Annual General Meeting as set out in item 19 of the notice convening the Annual General Meeting. This entails that the share capital  after the rights issue  will increase by an amount exceeding the amount that the share capital is being reduced with as set out above. Combined  these measures entail that neither the Company's restricted equity nor its share capital is reduced as a result of the cancellation of own shares.Resolutions proposed by the Nomination CommitteeThe Nomination Committee  consisting of Helen Fasth Gillstedt (Chair of the Nomination Committee) appointed by Handelsbanken Fonder  Ralf Spann appointed by Akelius Residential Property AB (publ)  Patrik Tillman appointed by M2 Asset Management AB and M2 Capital Management AB  Johannes Wingborg appointed by Länsförsäkringar Fondförvaltning AB (publ)  and Per Berggren  Chair of the Board of Directors  has made the following proposals:Item 1 – Election of the Chair of the meeting.The Nomination Committee proposes the attorney Wilhelm Lüning to preside as Chair of the Annual General Meeting.Item 12 – Determination of the number of members of the Board of Directors and auditors and deputy auditors.The Board of Directors is proposed to consist of seven Board members and the number of auditors is proposed to be one with no deputy auditor.Item 13 – Determination of the remuneration to be paid to the members of the Board of Directors and the auditor.Remuneration to the members of the Board of Directors is proposed to be the following (2022 remuneration within brackets).The Chair of the Board of Directors: SEK 1 110 000 (SEK 1 075 000).Each of the other members of the Board of Directors: SEK 450 000 (SEK 440 000).Chair of the People Committee: SEK 100 000 (SEK 100 000).Each of the other members of the People Committee: SEK 75 000 (SEK 75 000).Chair of the Audit Committee: SEK 220 000 (SEK 220 000).Each of the other members of the Audit Committee: SEK 105 000 (SEK 105 000).A member of the Board of Directors who is employed by the Company shall not receive remuneration.It is proposed that the auditor's fee shall be paid upon approval of its invoices.Item 14 – Election of members of the Board of Directors and Chair of the Board of Directors.The existing Board members Per Berggren  Anna-Karin Celsing  Henrik Käll  Joacim Sjöberg and Leiv Synnes are proposed to be re-elected as Board members. Further  Louise Richnau and Ann-Louise Lökholm-Klasson are proposed to be elected as new Board members.Per Berggren is proposed to be elected as Chair of the Board of Directors.Louise Richnau was born in 1966 and has a Master of Science in Engineering from KTH and CEFA and CESGA certificates and has worked in the real estate sector for the last 30 years covering investments  transactions  financing  establishment of new business areas  and sustainability issues. Louise Richnau has previous experience from the AP funds (1-3)  operating in a listed environment (Drott Riks AB) and most recently from the partner owned financial advisor  Nordanö. Louise Richnau has also been responsible for the establishment of Brunswick Real Estate Capital  the first Nordic institutional real estate credit fund (today Niam Credit)  which she left in 2019. Today  Louise Richnau works in her own company  primarily with her own investments  often in an advisory capacity or board assignments. Louise Richnau is also a board member of STING's (Stockholm Innovation & Growth) funds  Sunna Group et al.Ann-Louise Lökholm-Klasson was born in 1971 and has been the CEO of Sweco Sverige AB since 2018. Sweco is the leading engineering and architecture consultancy firm in Europe  with more than 6 000 experts in social development in Sweden. Ann-Louise has a background of being manager and leader at Ericsson and has held various senior positions within the Sweco Group. Among other things  she has been responsible for acquisition integration  thereby leading the integration of several acquisitions. She has also been a manager for facility and installation services in real estate and thus possesses knowledge of how digital services to real estate companies can lead to lower carbon footprints  more efficient use of buildings and lower management costs. Ann-Louise sits on the Board of Innovation Businesses  Bemsiq and has previously served on the Board of the Swedish Green Building Council from 2014–2019.More information concerning all members proposed for re-election and new election is available on the Company's website  www.castellum.com.Item 15 – Election of auditor.Ahead of the Annual General Meeting 2023  the Audit Committee has carried out a procurement of audit firms and in accordance with the Audit Committee's recommendation  Deloitte is proposed for re-election as Castellum's auditor until the end of the Annual General Meeting 2024. Deloitte has announced that if the Annual General Meeting resolves to elect Deloitte as auditor  Harald Jagner will continue as the main responsible auditor.Item 16 – Resolution on approval of updated instructions for the Nomination Committee.The Nomination Committee proposes that the following instructions for the Nomination Committee shall be approved by the Annual General Meeting.The instructions for the Nomination Committee shall apply until a resolution regarding change of the procedure for nominating the Nomination Committee is resolved by the General Meeting.General information about the Nomination Committee1. Under the Swedish Corporate Governance Code (the ""Code"")  companies that are listed on a regulated market shall have a Nomination Committee that represents the company's shareholders. The Nomination Committee is thus the body of the General Meeting for the preparation of certain appointment decisions to be taken by the General Meeting.2. Under the Code  the Nomination Committee shall prepare proposals on the matters set out below to be resolved upon at the Annual General Meeting (if applicable  at an Extraordinary General Meeting):a) proposal for Chair of the General Meeting b) proposal for the number of members of the Board of Directors c) proposal for members of the Board of Directors d) proposal for Chair of the Board of Directors e) proposal for remuneration to the members of the Board of Directors  distributed between the Chair of the Board of Directors and other members of the Board of Directors and remuneration for committee work f) proposal for remuneration to the Company's auditors g) proposal for auditors  andh) if relevant  proposal for any changes to the instructions for the Nomination Committee.3. The appointed Nomination Committee shall serve as the Nomination Committee until a new Nomination Committee has been appointed.4. No remuneration shall be paid to the members of the Nomination Committee.5. At the request of the Nomination Committee  Castellum shall provide the Nomination Committee with personnel resources  such as secretarial services  in order to facilitate the work of the Nomination Committee. Furthermore  the Company shall bear reasonable costs  e.g. for external consultants  which the Nomination Committee deems necessary in order to fulfil the Nomination Committee's assignments.Composition of the Nomination Committee1. The Nomination Committee shall be appointed by the Chairman of the Board of Directors contacting the four largest shareholders (in terms of voting rights)  registered in the share register kept by Euroclear Sweden AB as per the last business day in August each year or the largest otherwise known shareholders  and asking them to appoint one member each to the Nomination Committee. Should such a shareholder not wish to appoint a member  the next largest registered shareholder in terms of voting rights or otherwise known shareholders shall be asked  and so on.2. A major shareholder or group of shareholders shall be entitled to appoint one but not more members of the Nomination Committee. If the Chairman of the Board of Directors of the Company is employed by or is otherwise not independent in relation to one of the shareholders that is entitled to appoint a member of the Nomination Committee  that shareholder shall not have the right to appoint a member. In such an event  the Chairman of the Company's Board of Directors shall then be deemed to be appointed by that shareholder.3. The appointed members  together with the Chairman of the Board of Directors of the Company  who is the convening member  shall constitute the Nomination Committee. The names of the members of the Nomination Committee and the names of the shareholders by whom they have been appointed shall be announced no later than six months prior to each Annual General Meeting.4. Unless the members of the Nomination Committee have agreed otherwise  the member appointed by the largest shareholder shall be the Chairman of the Nomination Committee. The Chairman of the Nomination Committee shall have the casting vote in the event that votes are equal.5. A member of the Nomination Committee shall  before accepting the assignment  carefully consider whether any conflict of interest or other circumstance exists that makes it inappropriate to serve on the Nomination Committee.6. The members of the Nomination Committee are subject to a confidentiality obligation regarding Castellum's business and this obligation shall  at the Company's request  be confirmed by the members by signing a confidentiality undertaking.Changes to the composition of the Nomination Committee1. If  more than two months prior to the Annual General Meeting  a new shareholder passes (in terms of voting rights) one of the shareholders in the list of shareholders that have appointed a member of the Nomination Committee  this shareholder may contact the Chairman of the Nomination Committee and request the appointment of a member of the Nomination Committee. In such an event  the member appointed by the shareholder with the lowest number of votes shall resign from the Nomination Committee.2. If a shareholder who has appointed a member of the Nomination Committee has disposed a significant proportion of its shareholding  so that it is no longer one of the four largest shareholders (in terms of voting rights) more than two months prior to the Annual General Meeting  the appointed member shall make its seat available. The Chairman of the Nomination Committee shall then contact the largest shareholder in terms of voting rights who has not previously been offered a seat. If the latter does not wish to appoint a member  the matter shall be passed on to the next shareholder in line  and so on.3. Shareholders who have appointed a member to the Nomination Committee shall be entitled to dismiss such member and appoint a new representative as a member of the Nomination Committee.4. Changes to the composition of the Nomination Committee shall be announced as soon as they occur.Other informationNumber of shares and votesAt the date of this notice  there are in total 345 731 968 shares and votes in the Company  of which the Company holds 17 331 000 own shares.Majority rulesResolutions in accordance with the Board of Directors' proposals regarding items 10  18  20 and 21 of the agenda are only valid if supported by shareholders holding at least two thirds (2/3) of both the votes cast as well as the shares represented at the Annual General Meeting.DocumentationThe annual accounts  the audit report and the Board of Directors' remuneration report pursuant to Chapter 8  Section 53 a of the Swedish Companies Act will be available at the Company's head offices at Hangövägen 20  floor 4  Stockholm and Östra Hamngatan 16  Gothenburg  and on the Company's website  www.castellum.com  in connection with the disclosure of the Company's annual report on 28 February 2023. The auditor's statement according to item 6 (b)  as well as other proposals  and related documents  regarding item 10 and items 18-21 will be available at the Company's head offices (please see the adresses above) and on the Company's website no later than 2 March 2023. As to other proposals  complete proposals can be found under each item in this notice.The Nomination Committee's complete proposal for resolutions  including a proposal for updated instructions for the Nomination Committee  information regarding the proposed Board members  its statement concerning the Nomination Committee's proposal regarding the Board of Directors and report on the Nomination Committee's work can be found on the Company's website  www.castellum.com.The documents are considered presented by being held available at the Company's head offices and on the Company's website  www.castellum.com. The above documents will  as from the day they are available  be sent to shareholders  who have stated their postal address  upon request.Processing of personal dataFor information on how your personal data is processed  see https://www.euroclear.com/dam/ESwithLegal/Privacy-notice-bolagsstammor-engelska.pdf.Gothenburg in February 2023CASTELLUM AKTIEBOLAGThe Board of DirectorsFor further information  please contact:Anna-Karin Nyman  Communications Director  Castellum AB  arsstamma@castellum.seThe following files are available for download:https://mb.cision.com/Main/8364/3717581/1859200.pdf Notice convening the Annual General Meeting of Castellum AktiebolagCisionView original content:https://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/notice-convening-the-annual-general-meeting-of-castellum-aktiebolag-301750543.htmlSOURCE Castellum",neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,mixed,0.27,0.15,0.58,True,English,"['Annual General Meeting', 'Castellum Aktiebolag', 'Notice', 'other corresponding authorisation documentation', 'Hangövägen 20', 'Swedish Companies Act', 'social security number', 'Euroclear Sweden AB', 'Annual General Meeting', 'Voting rights registrations', 'company registration number', 'postal voting form', 'telephone number', 'meeting venue', 'registration certificate', 'Such registration', 'postal vote', 'head office', 'Sw. aktiebolagslagen', 'share register', 'dated power', 'subject line', 'Managing Director', 'special form', 'specific instructions', 'Further instructions', 'Castellum Aktiebolag', 'business name', 'Nominee-registered shares', 'legal person', 'GOTHENBURG', 'Feb.', 'PRNewswire', 'shareholders', 'Reg.', 'notice', 'Thursday', 'March', 'CET', 'floor', 'Stockholm', 'entrance', 'Board', 'Directors', 'Chapter', 'Section', 'Articles', 'Assocation', 'proxy', 'beverages', 'food', 'Notification', 'Wednesday', 'participation', 'Friday', 'Box', 'SE-101', 'website', 'address', 'written', 'attorney', 'Story', 'accordance', 'email', 'GeneralMeetingService', 'BankID', 'vpc', 'conditions', 'entirety', 'order', 'addition', 'request', 'routines', 'time', 'account', 'presentation', 'information', '5', '4.30']",2023-02-20,2023-02-20,finance.yahoo.com
18815,Euroclear,Bing API,https://www.privataaffarer.se/notice-of-indutrade-abs-2023-annual-general-meeting-1676884500,Notice of Indutrade AB's 2023 Annual General Meeting,The Board of Directors has decided that shareholders may exercise their voting rights at the Annual General Meeting also by postal voting in accordance with the provisions of Indutrade's Articles of Association.,"The Board of Directors has decided that shareholders may exercise their voting rights at the Annual General Meeting also by postal voting in accordance with the provisions of Indutrade's Articles of Association.A. RIGHT TO PARTICIPATE AND NOTICE OF PARTICIPATIONa) Participation at the meeting venueA person who wishes to attend the meeting venue in person or by proxy must:be listed as a shareholder in the presentation of the share register prepared by Euroclear Sweden AB concerning the circumstances on Tuesday  21 March 2023; andgive notice of participation no later than Thursday  23 March 2023  via Indutrade's website www.indutrade.com or https://anmalan.vpc.se/euroclearproxy  by post to Indutrade Aktiebolag  ""AGM""  c/o Euroclear Sweden AB  P.O. Box 191  SE-101 23 Stockholm  Sweden  by e-mail to generalmeetingservice@euroclear.com or by phone +46 8 401 43 12 (Monday-Friday 9 a.m. to 4 p.m.). The notification must state the shareholder's name  personal identification number/corporate registration number  address  phone number  and the number of any assistants (no more than two).If a shareholder is represented by proxy  a written and dated power of attorney signed by the shareholder shall be issued for the proxy. Proxy forms are available on the Company's website  www.indutrade.com. A power of attorney is valid for one year from its issue date or such longer time period as set out in the power of attorney  however  no more than five years. If the shareholder is a legal entity  a registration certificate or corresponding authorisation document must be enclosed. In order to facilitate registration at the Meeting  the power of attorney  registration certificate and other authorisation documents should be sent to the Company at the address stated above in connection with the notice of participation.b) Participation by postal votingA person who wishes to participate in the Annual General Meeting by postal voting must:be listed as a shareholder in the presentation of the share register prepared by Euroclear Sweden AB concerning the circumstances on Tuesday  21 March 2023; andgive notice of participation no later than Thursday  23 March 2023  by casting its postal vote in accordance with the instructions below so that the postal vote is received by Euroclear Sweden AB no later than that day.Shareholders wishing to attend the meeting venue in person or by proxy must give notice in accordance with a) above. Hence  a notice of participation only through postal voting is not sufficient for a shareholder who wishes to attend the meeting venue.A special form shall be used for postal voting. The form is available on the Company's website  www.indutrade.com. The completed and signed postal voting form must be received by Euroclear Sweden AB no later than Thursday  23 March 2023. The form can be sent by post to Indutrade Aktiebolag  ""AGM""  c/o Euroclear Sweden AB  P.O. Box 191  SE-101 23 Stockholm  Sweden  or by e-mail to generalmeetingservice@euroclear.com. Shareholders may also cast their postal votes electronically through verification with BankID in accordance with instructions at https://anmalan.vpc.se/euroclearproxy.Shareholders may not provide special instructions or conditions to the postal voting form. If so  the postal vote in its entirety is invalid. Further instructions and conditions are included in the postal voting form.If a shareholder submits its postal vote by proxy  a written and dated power of attorney signed by the shareholder shall be enclosed with the postal voting form. Proxy forms are available on the Company's website  www.indutrade.com. A power of attorney is valid for one year from its issue date or such longer time period as set out in the power of attorney  however  no more than five years. If the shareholder is a legal entity  a registration certificate or corresponding authorisation document must be enclosed with the form.B. NOMINEE REGISTERED SHARESIn order to be entitled to participate in the Meeting  a shareholder whose shares are registered in the name of a nominee must  in addition to giving notice of participation in the Meeting  register its shares in its own name so that the shareholder is listed in the presentation of the share register as of the record date  Tuesday  21 March 2023. Such registration may be temporary (so-called voting rights registration)  and request for such voting rights registration shall be made to the nominee  in accordance with the nominee's routines  at such time in advance as decided by the nominee. Voting rights registrations made by the nominee no later than Thursday  23 March 2023 will be taken into account in the presentation of the share register.C. ITEMS OF BUSINESSC.I Proposed agenda1. Opening of the Meeting;2. Election of a Chair to preside over the Meeting;3. Preparation and approval of the voting list;4. Approval of the agenda;5. Election of one or two persons to verify the minutes;6. Determination as to whether the Meeting has been duly convened;7. Report on the work of the Board of Directors and its committees;8. Presentation of the annual report and consolidated accounts  and in connection with that  the President's report on the operations for the year;9. Presentation of the audit report and the audit report for the group  and of the auditor's statement regarding whether the Company has adhered to the guidelines for compensation of senior executives;10. Resolutions on:(a) adoption of the income statement and balance sheet  and of the consolidated income statement and consolidated balance sheet;(b) distribution of the Company's earnings in accordance with the adopted balance sheet;(c) the record date  in the event the Meeting resolves to distribute profits;(d) discharge from liability to the Company of directors and President for 2022;11. Report on the work of the Nomination Committee;12. Resolution on the number of directors and the number of auditors;13. Resolution on directors' and auditors' fees;14. Election of directors and the Chair of the Board;15. Election of auditor;16. Resolution on guidelines for compensation and other terms of employment for senior executives;17. Presentation of the Board's remuneration report for approval;18. Resolutions on:(a) the implementation of a long-term incentive programme; and(b) hedging arrangements (equity swap agreement) in respect thereof;19. Closing of the Annual General Meeting.C.II Preparation and approval of the voting listThe voting list proposed for approval is the voting list drawn up by Euroclear Sweden AB on behalf of the Company  based on the Annual General Meeting's register of shareholders  shareholders having given notice of participation and being present at the meeting venue  and postal votes received.C.III DividendThe Board proposes a dividend of SEK 2.60 per share.The proposed record date for the dividend is Friday  31 March 2023. Provided that the Annual General Meeting resolves in accordance with the proposal  dividends are expected to be distributed by Euroclear Sweden AB on Wednesday  5 April 2023.C.IV Election of a Chair to preside over the Meeting  Board of Directors  etc.The Nomination Committee has been composed of Claes Boustedt  L E Lundbergföretagen AB  committee chair  Dick Bergqvist  AMF Tjänstepension & AMF Fonder  Camilla Wirth  Alecta Tjänstepension Ömsesidigt  Karin Eliasson  Handelsbanken Funds  and Katarina Martinson  Chair of the Board of Indutrade Aktiebolag.The Nomination Committee proposes the following:AGM Chair: Katarina Martinson  Chair of the Board of Indutrade Aktiebolag.Number of directors and auditors:The Board shall consist of eight directors and no deputies.One registered accounting firm is proposed as auditor of the Company.Directors' fees:A fee of SEK 890 000 (860 000) is proposed for the Chair of the Board  SEK 445 000 (430 000) for each of the other non-executive directors  SEK 120 000 (115 000) for the Audit Committee Chair  SEK 60 000 (58 000) for each of the other Audit Committee members and SEK 47 000 (45 000) for the Remuneration Committee Chair and members.Auditors' fees: Fees payable on current account (unchanged).Board of Directors:Re-election of Bo Annvik  Susanna Campbell  Anders Jernhall  Kerstin Lindell  Ulf Lundahl  Katarina Martinson  Krister Mellvé and Lars Pettersson. Bengt Kjell has announced that he is not available for re-election.Katarina Martinson is proposed to be re-elected as Chair of the Board.Auditor: Re-election of PricewaterhouseCoopers AB as auditor of the Company for the period until the end of the 2024 Annual General Meeting  in accordance with the recommendation from the Audit Committee.C.V Resolution on guidelines for compensation and other terms of employment for senior executivesThe Board of Directors proposes that the Annual General Meeting adopts the following guidelines for compensation and other terms of employment for senior executives. These guidelines shall be applicable to agreed compensation  and amendments to compensation already agreed  after adoption of the guidelines by the 2023 Annual General Meeting. These guidelines do not apply to compensation resolved or approved by the general meeting.The guidelines' promotion of the company's business strategy  long-term interests and sustainabilityA prerequisite for the successful implementation of the company's business strategy and safeguarding of the company's long-term interests  including its sustainability  is that Indutrade is able to recruit and retain management with high qualifications. To this end  the company must offer competitive compensation and other terms of employment  which these guidelines enable. The forms of compensation should motivate members of the executive management to perform their utmost in order to safeguard the interests of the shareholders. For more information about the company's business strategy  please see the company's website: https://www.indutrade.com/about-indutrade/objectives--strategy/.These guidelines encompass senior executives  i.e. the CEO and other members of the group management (the executive management). For employments governed by rules other than Swedish  customary adjustments may be made for compliance with mandatory rules or established local practice  taking into account  to the extent possible  the overall purpose of these guidelines.Variable cash compensation covered by these guidelines shall aim to promote the company's business strategy and long-term interests  including its sustainability.The types of compensationThe total compensation shall be on market terms  straightforward  long-term and quantifiable  and may consist of the following components: fixed cash salary  variable cash compensation  pension benefits  as well as other benefits.The general meeting may also  irrespective of these guidelines  resolve on  among other things  share-related or share price-related compensation (for information about ongoing incentive programmes  please see the company's website: https://www.indutrade.com/about-indutrade/corporate-governance/remuneration/).The performance period with respect to criteria for awarding variable salary shall be measured over a period of one or several years. The variable cash compensation may amount to a maximum of 70 percent of the fixed annual salary for the CEO. For the other members of the executive management  the variable cash compensation may amount to a maximum of 50 percent of the fixed annual salary.The pension terms for the executive management shall be in line with the going rate in the market in respect of what applies for peer executives in the market in which the executive works  a maximum of 40 percent of the fixed annual salary  and should be based on defined contribution pension solutions or correspond to a public pension plan (in Sweden the ITP plan). Variably salary to members of the executive management not covered by the ITP plan shall not qualify for pension benefits.Other benefits may include  for example  life insurance  health insurance and company car. Premiums and other costs related to such benefits may amount to not more than 15 percent of the fixed annual salary. Awarding of non-monetary benefits shall facilitate the individuals in the execution of their duties and correspond to what can be considered reasonable in respect of practice in the market in which the respective executive is active.Termination of employmentThe notice period for a member of the executive management may not exceed 12 months if the termination is initiated by the company  and 6 months if it is initiated by the individual. Severance pay to a member of the executive management shall in aggregate not exceed 24 months' salary in the event the company serves notice  and 6 months' salary in the event the member of the executive management gives notice.Criteria for variable cash compensationThe variable compensation shall be designed so as to reward the achievement of clear objectives  in straight-forward and transparent structures  and be linked to one or several predetermined and measurable financial criteria  such as sales growth  EBITA-margin or return on operating capital/capital employed. Any non-financial criteria shall be related to sustainability. Financial criteria shall constitute at least 75 percent of all criteria.Once the period for measuring the satisfaction of criteria for awarding variable cash compensation expires  the outcome will be determined. The Remuneration Committee is responsible for determining the CEO's outcome  while the CEO is responsible for determining the outcome for other members of the executive management. For financial objectives  the assessment shall be based on the latest financial information made public by the company  with any adjustments deemed necessary or reasonable by the Board of Directors.The terms for variable compensation shall be designed so that the Board of Directors  under exceptional financial conditions  may limit  refuse or redeem payment of variable compensation if such measure is deemed reasonable.In specific cases  arrangements may be made on one-time variable compensation  provided that such compensation does not exceed an amount corresponding to 10 percent of the fixed annual salary  and is not paid more than once each year per individual. Such compensation shall not qualify for pension benefits unless required by mandatory collective agreement provisions. Resolutions on such compensation shall be made by the Board of Directors based on a proposal from the Remuneration Committee  so far as it concerns the CEO  and by the Remuneration Committee based on a proposal from the CEO  so far as it concerns other senior executives.No other variable cash compensation shall be paid.Salary and other employment terms for employeesIn the preparation of the Board of Directors' proposal for these compensation guidelines  salary and other employment terms for employees of the company have been taken into account by including information on the employees' total compensation  the components of the compensation and increase and growth rate over time  in the Remuneration Committee's and the Board of Directors' basis of decision when evaluating whether the guidelines and the limitations set out herein are reasonable.The decision-making process to determine  evaluate and apply the guidelinesThe Board of Directors has appointed a Remuneration Committee with the task of preparing the Board of Directors' decisions regarding proposal for guidelines for compensation to senior executives. The Board of Directors shall prepare a proposal for new guidelines at least every fourth year  and submit it to the Annual General Meeting.The Remuneration Committee shall also monitor and evaluate programmes for variable compensation to members of the executive management  as well as the application of the guidelines in terms of compensation levels and structures. Members of the executive management do not participate in the Board of Directors' processing of  and resolutions regarding  compensation-related matters in so far as they are affected by such matters.Derogation from the guidelinesThe Board of Directors may temporarily resolve to derogate from the guidelines adopted by the general meeting  in whole or in part  if in a specific case there is special cause for the derogation and a derogation is necessary to serve the company's long-term interest  including its sustainability  or to ensure the company's financial viability. As set out above  the Remuneration Committee's tasks include preparing the Board of Directors' resolutions in compensation-related matters  including any resolutions to derogate from the guidelines.C.VI The Board's proposal regarding (a) the implementation of a long-term incentive programme; and (b) hedging arrangements (equity swap agreement) in respect thereof(a) Implementation of the programmeThe Board of Directors proposes that the Annual General Meeting resolves to implement a long-term incentive programme (""LTIP 2023"")  as set out below.ObjectiveLTIP 2023 is designed to create long-term incentives for members of the group management  including the CEO  business unit presidents  as well as subsidiary CEOs and other key employees (the ""Participants""). The main objective of LTIP 2023 is to create additional incentive for increased engagement and performance among the Participants  strengthen the potential for recruiting and retaining key individuals  as well as to create a mutual ownership interest between the Participants and the shareholders.The Board of Directors intends to propose an annual incentive programme with an equivalent structure.Description of LTIP 2023LTIP 2023 is proposed to include all current and future members of the group of Participants  currently comprising approximately 285 employees. It is proposed that the programme  which entails an investment requirement  shall consists of performance shares. As proposed  LTIP 2023 may comprise a maximum of 435 000 shares in Indutrade  representing approximately 0.12 percent of all shares and votes in Indutrade.Investment requirementIn order to participate in LTIP 2023  the Participants are required to invest in Indutrade shares and to allocate these shares to LTIP 2023. The maximum amount that Participants may invest in Indutrade shares within LTIP 2023 corresponds to  in average  approximately 5-7 percent of the Participant's gross annual base salary at the time of enrolment in LTIP 2023 (""Investment Shares"")  as further set out below. Indutrade shares already held by the Participants at the time of implementation  may not be accounted for as Investment Shares under LTIP 2023. Should the Participant be prohibited from acquiring Indutrade shares under market abuse rules or similar at the time of enrolment in LTIP 2023  Investment Shares must instead be acquired as soon as such restrictions no longer apply.Performance Share RightsGranting under LTIP 2023 is free of charge and gives the Participant rights that entitle the Participant to receive a certain number of Indutrade shares  free of charge  for each Investment Share following the expiration of a three-year vesting period (""Performance Share Rights""). Each Performance Share Right entitles the holder to receive up to one (1) Indutrade share. Allotment of Indutrade shares pursuant to the Performance Share Rights is subject to the fulfilment of the performance condition set out below  and will generally require that the Participant retains their employment and all of their Investment Shares over a period of approximately three years from the launch of the programme until the date of announcement of the interim report for the first quarter of 2026 (the ""Vesting Period"").Granting of Performance Share Rights will generally take place as soon as practicably possible following the Annual General Meeting 2023 or a later point in time as regards newly employed Participants.Indutrade will not compensate for dividend payments and other value transfers that are in line with Indutrade's dividend policy during the Vesting Period. The number of Indutrade shares that each Performance Share Right entitles to  may be recalculated as a result of e.g. bonus issues  reverse splits or share splits  new share issues  reductions of the share capital  extraordinary dividend payments  or similar actions. The transfer of shares may be accelerated as a result of merger  demerger  major acquisitions or divestments or similar actions.Performance condition and allocationThe vesting of the Performance Share Rights is dependent upon the extent to which the performance condition is satisfied during the period 1 January 2023-31 December 2025 (the ""Performance Period"")  whereby it will be determined to which extent (if any) the Performance Share Rights entitle the Participants to receive Indutrade shares at the expiration of the Vesting Period.The performance condition for allotment of Indutrade shares is based on the cumulative profit per Indutrade share (EPS) during the entire Performance Period. Minimum allotment occurs if the threshold of a cumulative EPS of SEK 24.40 per share is reached  and increases linearly up to the maximum allotment at a cumulative EPS of SEK 27.80 per share.The maximum amount that the participants in each category can invest in Investment Shares within LTIP 2023  as well as their respective granting of Performance Share Rights  are set out below. Further  each Participant must invest at least 50 percent of the maximum amount specified for its category below in order to be entitled to Performance Share Rights.Category 1 (CEO)The CEO can invest up to SEK 625 000 in Investment Shares. Each Investment Share entitles the CEO to receive 6 Performance Share Rights.Category 2 (Group management)14 other employees of the group management can invest up to SEK 175 000 each in Investment Shares. Each Investment Share entitles these Participants to receive 5 Performance Share Rights.Category 3 (Business unit presidents)40 employees within category 3 can invest up to SEK 110 000 each in Investment Shares. Each Investment Share entitles these Participants to receive 4 Performance Share Rights.Category 4 (Subsidiary CEOs and other key individuals)230 employees within category 4 can invest up to SEK 85 000 each in Investment Shares. Each Investment Share entitles these Participants to receive 2.5 Performance Share Rights.Allotment of sharesProvided that the performance condition set out above has been satisfied during the Performance Period and that the Participant has retained their employment (unless special circumstances are at hand) as well as their Investment Shares during the Vesting Period  the allotment of Indutrade shares (""Performance Shares"") shall take place as soon as practicably possible following the expiration of the Vesting Period.In order to enable control and create predictability in relation to the maximum outcome per Participant and the costs of LTIP 2023  the maximum value of the Performance Shares that may be allotted under each Performance Share Right is limited to 200 percent of the volume-weighted average purchase price for all Investment Shares. Should the value of the allotment of Performance Shares per Performance Share Right exceed this amount at the day of allotment of Performance Shares  a proportionate reduction of the number of Performance Shares to be allotted shall be made  so that this amount is not exceeded. A corresponding reduction can be made in the event the total number of shares comprised by LTIP 2023 would be exceeded.When determining the final outcome of the Performance Share Rights  the Board of Directors shall evaluate whether the vesting level is reasonable considering Indutrade's financial results and position  conditions on the stock market and other circumstances  and if not  as determined by the Board of Directors  reduce the allotment to the lower level deemed appropriate by the Board of Directors.In the event delivery of Performance Shares to Participants cannot take place under applicable law  at a reasonable cost or with reasonable administrative measures  the Board of Directors may resolve to offer the Participants a cash settlement.Costs  dilution and effects on important key ratiosThe costs for LTIP 2023  as reported in the income statement  are calculated in accordance with the accounting standard IFRS 2 and distributed over the Vesting Period. The calculation has been made based on the assumption of an estimated annual turnover of personnel of 10 percent  an annual share price increase of 10 percent  and 50 percent fulfilment of the performance condition. In addition  the costs for LTIP 2023 have been based on the assumptions that the programme comprises a maximum of 285 Participants and that each Participant makes a maximum investment.The total cost during the entire program period  given the above assumptions  of LTIP 2023 according to IFRS 2 is estimated to approximately MSEK 28.4  excluding social security contributions (the maximum cost according to IFRS 2 is approximately MSEK 77.3). The costs for social security contributions are estimated to approximately MSEK 12.0  based on the assumption of social security contributions at a rate of 30 percent (approximately MSEK 49.5 at maximum total outcome).The expected annual costs of approximately MSEK 14  including social security contributions  correspond to approximately 0.2 percent of the group's total employee costs for the financial year 2022 (0.7 percent at maximum total outcome).As proposed  LTIP 2023 may comprise a maximum of 435 000 shares in Indutrade  corresponding to approximately 0.12 percent of all shares and votes in Indutrade  before any recalculations as a result of the above specified company events.Since the proposal does not entail an issue of new shares  LTIP 2023 will have no dilutive effect on the votes of existing shareholders or the share capital. The effect on important key figures is only marginal.Hedging arrangementsThe Board of Directors has considered different methods for hedging the financial exposure and the transfer of shares under LTIP 2023  such as repurchase of own shares  new issue of Class C shares and transfer of treasury shares. The Board of Directors is of the opinion that an equity swap agreement with a third party is the most cost-effective and flexible method for hedging the financial exposure and the transfer of shares under LTIP 2023.Preparation of the proposal  etc.The proposal regarding LTIP 2023 has been prepared by Indutrade's Remuneration Committee and adopted by the Board of Directors.The Board of Directors shall  within the framework of the above terms and conditions and guidelines  be responsible for the implementation and management of LTIP 2023. All major decisions relating to LTIP 2023 will be made by the Remuneration Committee  with approval by the Board of Directors as a whole  when required.Description of ongoing variable compensation programmesThe Company's ongoing variable compensation programmes will be described in detail in the annual report 2022 in note 8 to the consolidated financial statements  and are also described on Indutrade's website  which further outlines how Indutrade implements its guidelines for compensation to senior executives in line with the Swedish Corporate Governance Code.(b) Equity swap agreement with a third partyThe Board of Directors proposes that the Annual General Meeting resolves that the financial exposure shall be hedged by Indutrade being able to enter into an equity swap agreement with a third party on market terms  whereby the third party in its own name shall be entitled to acquire and transfer shares to the Participants. The Board has considered different methods and is of the opinion that the costs of such an equity swap are in line with other financing options  considering the terms and conditions for such an equity swap agreement. The costs for the equity swap agreement are not expected to exceed MSEK 4 per year until 2026.LTIP 2023 including the equity swap agreement will also result in costs for external counsel and administration attributable to LTIP 2023  including acquisition and transfer of shares. These costs are not expected to exceed MSEK 1 per year until 2026.Majority requirementsThe Annual General Meeting's resolutions under items 18 (a) and 18 (b) above requires a majority of more than half of the votes cast at the Meeting.D. SHARES AND VOTESThe number of shares and votes in the Company at the time of this notice was 364 323 000.E. DOCUMENTSAccounting reports  the audit report  proxy and postal voting forms and other documents that shall be held available for the shareholders pursuant to the Swedish Companies Act will be available at the Company's office and on the Company's website  www.indutrade.com  no later than three weeks prior to the Annual General Meeting. The documents can also be requested by post from Indutrade Aktiebolag  P.O. Box 6044  SE-164 06 Kista  Sweden  or by e-mail to IndutradeAGM@indutrade.com  and will also be sent free of charge to shareholders who so request and provide their postal address. The documents will also be available at the Annual General Meeting. The complete proposals are provided under the respective item in the notice. Information on those proposed to the Board of Indutrade and the Nomination Committee's statement etc. are available on the Company's website.F. DISCLOSURES AT THE ANNUAL GENERAL MEETINGThe Board of Directors and the President shall  if requested by any shareholder  and if the Board believes that it can be done without causing material harm to the Company  provide disclosures on conditions that could affect the assessment of an item on the agenda  including conditions that could have an effect on the assessment of the Company's or a subsidiary's financial situation as well as of the Company's relations with another Group company. A person who wishes to submit questions in advance can do so by post to Indutrade Aktiebolag  P.O. Box 6044  SE-164 06 Kista  Sweden  or by e-mail to IndutradeAGM@indutrade.com.G. PROCESSING OF PERSONAL DATAFor information on how your personal data is processed  see https://www.euroclear.com/dam/ESwithLegal/Privacy-notice-bolagsstammor-engelska.pdf.___________________Stockholm  February 2023Indutrade Aktiebolag (publ)The Board of Directors",neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,negative,0.0,0.19,0.81,True,English,"['2023 Annual General Meeting', 'Indutrade AB', 'Notice', 'P.O. Box', 'corresponding authorisation document', 'other authorisation documents', 'Euroclear Sweden AB', 'longer time period', 'personal identification number', 'Voting rights registrations', 'Annual General Meeting', 'corporate registration number', 'postal voting form', 'NOMINEE REGISTERED SHARES', 'voting list', 'postal vote', 'registration certificate', 'Such registration', 'special form', 'A. RIGHT', 'share register', 'issue date', 'five years', 'legal entity', 'record date', 'C. ITEMS', 'C.I', 'two persons', 'phone number', 'meeting venue', 'one year', 'Indutrade Aktiebolag', 'special instructions', 'Further instructions', 'dated power', 'Proxy forms', 'Board', 'Directors', 'shareholders', 'accordance', 'provisions', 'Articles', 'Association', 'PARTICIPATE', 'NOTICE', 'PARTICIPATION', 'presentation', 'circumstances', 'Tuesday', 'March', 'Thursday', 'website', 'vpc', 'AGM', 'Stockholm', 'mail', 'generalmeetingservice', 'Monday-Friday', 'notification', 'name', 'address', 'assistants', 'written', 'attorney', 'Company', 'order', 'connection', 'verification', 'BankID', 'conditions', 'entirety', 'B.', 'addition', 'request', 'routines', 'advance', 'account', 'BUSINESS', 'agenda', 'Opening', 'Election', 'Chair', 'Preparation', 'approval', 'minutes', 'Determination', 'Report', 'work', 'committees', '4']",2023-02-20,2023-02-20,privataaffarer.se
18816,Euroclear,Bing API,https://www.finanznachrichten.de/nachrichten-2023-02/58351995-electrolux-group-notice-convening-the-annual-general-meeting-of-ab-electrolux-008.htm,Electrolux Group: Notice convening the Annual General Meeting of AB Electrolux,The shareholders of AB Electrolux  reg. no. 556009-4178  are hereby given notice of the Annual General Meeting to be held on Wednesday  March 29  2023,"STOCKHOLM  Feb. 20  2023 /PRNewswire/ -- The shareholders of AB Electrolux  reg. no. 556009-4178  are hereby given notice of the Annual General Meeting to be held on Wednesday  March 29  2023 at 4.00 p.m. (CET) at Münchenbryggeriet  Torkel Knutssonsgatan 2  Stockholm  Sweden. Admission and registration will commence at 3.15 p.m. (CET).The Board of Directors has decided that the shareholders also shall be able to exercise their voting rights by postal voting before the Annual General Meeting  as instructed below.The Annual General Meeting will also be webcasted live via the Group's website  www.electroluxgroup.com/agm2023.The Annual General Meeting will be conducted in Swedish and simultaneously translated into English.Registration and notificationParticipation at the meeting venueA person who wishes to participate at the meeting venue   in person or by proxy  mustbe listed as a shareholder in the presentation of the share register prepared by Euroclear Sweden AB concerning the circumstances on Tuesday  March 21  2023 ; and; and give notice of its participation no later than Thursday  March 23   2023  2023 by telephone +46 8 402 92 79 on weekdays between 9 a.m. and 4 p.m. (CET)   by letter to AB Electrolux  c/o Euroclear Sweden AB  Box 191  SE-101 23 Stockholm  Sweden   or  orvia the Group's website  www.electroluxgroup.com/agm2023The notification must include the shareholder's name  personal or corporate identification number  address and telephone number  and any assistants. If a shareholder is represented by proxy  a written and dated power of attorney signed by the shareholder shall be issued for the representative. In order to facilitate registration at the Annual General Meeting  the power of attorney should be sent to the company in advance to the address above. Proxy forms are available on the Group's website www.electroluxgroup.com/agm2023 and are also provided by the company upon request. If the shareholder is a legal entity  a registration certificate or other supporting document which shows the authorized signatory  should be sent to the address stated above prior to the meeting.Postal votingA person who wishes to participate in the Annual General Meeting by postal voting mustbe listed as a shareholder in the presentation of the share register prepared by Euroclear Sweden AB concerning the circumstances on Tuesday  March 21  2023 ; and; and give notice of its participation no later than Thursday  March 23  2023  by casting its postal vote in accordance with the instructions below so that the postal voting form is received by Euroclear Sweden AB no later than that day.A person who wishes to attend the meeting venue in person or by proxy  must give notice in accordance with the instructions listed under ""Participation at the meeting venue"" above. Hence  a notice of participation only through postal voting is not sufficient for a shareholder who wishes to attend the meeting venue.A special form shall be used for postal voting. The form for postal voting is available at the Group's website www.electroluxgroup.com/agm2023 and will be provided by the company upon request. In case of postal voting only  no separate notification of participation in the Annual General Meeting is required.The completed and signed form must be sent by post to AB Electrolux (publ)  c/o Euroclear Sweden AB  Box 191  SE-101 23 Stockholm  Sweden or by e-mail to GeneralMeetingService@euroclear.com. Shareholders may also cast their votes electronically through verification with BankID via Euroclear Sweden AB's website https://anmalan.vpc.se/EuroclearProxy/. The postal vote must be received by Euroclear Sweden AB no later than Thursday  March 23  2023.If the shareholder submits its postal vote by proxy  a written and dated power of attorney signed by the shareholder must be attached to the form. Proxy forms are available on the Group's website www.electroluxgroup.com/agm2023 and are also provided by the company upon request. If the shareholder is a legal entity  a registration certificate or other supporting document which shows the authorized signatory must be attached to the form.The shareholder may not provide specific instructions or conditions to the postal vote. If so  the vote (i.e. the postal vote in its entirety) is invalid. Further instructions and conditions are included in the form for postal voting and at https://anmalan.vpc.se/EuroclearProxy/.Shares registered in the name of a nomineeIn order to be entitled to participate in the meeting  a shareholder whose shares are registered in the name of a nominee must  in addition to giving notice of participation in the Annual General Meeting  register its shares in its own name so that the shareholder is listed in the presentation of the share register as of the record date Tuesday  March 21  2023. Such re-registration may be temporary (so-called voting rights registration)  and request for such voting rights registration shall be made to the nominee  in accordance with the nominee's routines  at such time in advance as decided by the nominee. Voting rights registrations that have been made by the nominee no later than Thursday  March 23  2023 will be taken into account in the presentation of the share register.Agenda1. Election of Chairman of the General Meeting.2. Preparation and approval of the voting list.3. Approval of the agenda.4. Election of two minutes-checkers.5. Determination as to whether the meeting has been properly convened.6. Presentation of the Annual Report and the Audit Report as well as the Consolidated Accounts and the Audit Report for the Group.7. Presentation by the President and CEO  Jonas Samuelson.8. Resolution on adoption of the Income Statement and the Balance Sheet as well as the Consolidated Income Statement and the Consolidated Balance Sheet.9. Resolution on discharge from liability of the Directors and the President for 2022.10. Resolution on dispositions in respect of the company's profit or loss pursuant to the adopted Balance Sheet.11. Determination of the number of Directors and Deputy Directors.12. Determination of fees to the Board of Directors and the Auditor.13. Election of Board of Directors and Chairman of the Board of Directors.a. Election of Staffan Bohman as Director. (re-election)b. Election of Petra Hedengran as Director. (re-election)c. Election of Henrik Henriksson as Director. (re-election)d. Election of Ulla Litzén as Director. (re-election)e. Election of Karin Overbeck as Director. (re-election)f. Election of Fredrik Persson as Director. (re-election)g. Election of David Porter as Director. (re-election)h. Election of Jonas Samuelson as Director. (re-election)i. Election of Staffan Bohman as Chairman. (re-election)14. Election of Auditor. (re-election)15. Resolution on approval of Remuneration Report.16. Resolutions ona. acquisition of own shares;b. transfer of own shares on account of company acquisitions; andc. transfer of own shares on account of the share program for 2021.17. Resolutions ona. implementation of a performance based  long-term share program for 2023; andb. transfer of own shares to the participants in the long-term share program for 2023.18. Closing of the meeting.Item 1 - Chairman of the MeetingThe Electrolux Nomination Committee  consisting of the Chairman Johan Forssell (Investor AB) and the members Carina Silberg (Alecta)  Sussi Kvart (Handelsbanken Funds)  Tomas Risbecker (AMF Tjänstepension och Fonder)  Staffan Bohman and Fredrik Persson (Chairman and Director  respectively  of the Board of Directors of the company)  proposes:Björn Kristiansson  member of the Swedish Bar Association  as chairman of the Annual General Meeting.Item 2 - Preparation and approval of the voting listThe voting list proposed to be approved is the voting list prepared by Euroclear Sweden AB on behalf of the company  based on the General Meeting share register  shareholders having given notice of participation and being present at the meeting venue  and received postal votes.Item 10 - Dispositions in respect of the company's profit or loss pursuant to the adopted Balance SheetThe Board of Directors proposes that no dividend shall be distributed for the fiscal year 2022 and that available funds will be carried forward in the new accounts.Item 11 - Number of Directors and Deputy DirectorsThe Nomination Committee proposes:Eight Directors and no Deputy Directors.Item 12 - Fees to the Board of Directors and the AuditorThe Nomination Committee proposes fees as follows to Directors not employed by Electrolux:SEK 2 475 000 to the Chairman of the Board of Directors and SEK 720 000 to each of the other Directors appointed by the Annual General Meeting;to each of the other Directors appointed by the Annual General Meeting; for committee work  to the members who are appointed by the Board of Directors: SEK 310 000 to the Chairman of the Audit Committee and SEK 195 000 to each of the other members of the Audit Committee and SEK 180 000 to the Chairman of the People Committee and SEK 125 000 to each of the other members of the People Committee; andto each of the other members of the People Committee; and SEK 60 000 to the members who are appointed by the Board of Directors to participate in any other committee established by the Board of Directors.The Nomination Committee also proposes that the Auditor's fee be paid as incurred  for the Auditor's term of office  on approved account.Item 13 - Election of the Board of Directors and Chairman of the BoardThe Nomination Committee proposes:Re-election of Directors Staffan Bohman   Petra Hedengran  Henrik Henriksson   Ulla Litzén  Karin Overbeck   Fredrik Persson   David Porter and Jonas Samuelson .  Petra Hedengran    Ulla Litzén      and . Re-election of Staffan Bohman as Chairman of the Board of Directors.Item 14 - Election of AuditorThe Nomination Committee proposes  in accordance with the recommendation by the Audit Committee  re-election of the audit firm PricewaterhouseCoopers AB as the company's auditor for the period until the end of the 2024 Annual General Meeting.Item 16 - Resolutions on a) acquisition of own shares  b) transfer of own shares on account of company acquisitions  and c) transfer of own shares on account of the share program for 2021Electrolux has previously  on the basis of authorizations by the Annual General Meetings  acquired own shares for the purpose of using these shares to finance potential company acquisitions  as a hedge for the company's share related incentive programs as well as to be able to adapt the company's capital structure  thereby contributing to increased shareholder value.The Board of Directors makes the assessment that it continues to be advantageous for the company to be able to continue to use repurchased shares on account of potential company acquisitions  the company's share related incentive programs as well as to adapt the company's capital structure  thereby contributing to increased shareholder value. Even though the Board of Directors currently has no intention to exercise an authorization to acquire additional own shares  the Board of Directors proposes the authorization is to be renewed as an authorization is valid until the following Annual General Meeting. The Board of Directors would then be able to decide to repurchase own shares  if the conditions are appropriate and the Board of Directors were to find it would be in the best interests of the company and the shareholders.In view of the above  the Board of Directors proposes as follows.16 a) Acquisition of own sharesThe Board of Directors proposes the Annual General Meeting to authorize the Board of Directors  for the period until the next Annual General Meeting on one or several occasions  to resolve on acquisitions of shares in the company as follows.The company may acquire as a maximum so many shares of series B that  following each acquisition  the company holds at a maximum 10 per cent of all shares issued by the company. The shares may be acquired on Nasdaq Stockholm. Acquisition of shares may only be made at a price per share within the prevailing price interval for the share from time to time. Payment for the shares shall be made in cash.The purpose of the proposal is to be able to use repurchased shares on account of potential company acquisitions  the company's share related incentive programs as well as to be able to adapt the company's capital structure  thereby contributing to increased shareholder value.The Board of Directors has issued a statement pursuant to Chapter 19  Section 22 of the Swedish Companies Act.16 b) Transfer of own shares on account of company acquisitionsThe Board of Directors proposes the Annual General Meeting to authorize the Board of Directors  for the period until the next Annual General Meeting on one or several occasions  to resolve on transfers of the company's own shares in connection with or as a consequence of company acquisitions as follows.Own shares of series B held by the company at the time of the Board of Director's decision may be transferred. The shares may be transferred with deviation from the shareholders' preferential rights. Transfer of shares may be made at a minimum price per share corresponding to an amount in close connection with the price of the company's shares on Nasdaq Stockholm at the time of the decision on the transfer. Payment for the transferred shares may be made in cash  by contributions in kind or by a set-off of company debt.16 c) Transfer of own shares on account of the share program for 2021The Board of Directors proposes  on account of the share program for 2021  that the Annual General Meeting resolves that the company shall be entitled  for the period until the next Annual General Meeting on one or several occasions  to transfer a maximum of 1 544 925 shares of series B in the company for the purpose of covering costs  including social security charges  that may arise as a result of the aforementioned program. Such transfers may take place on Nasdaq Stockholm at a price within the prevailing price interval from time to time.Majority requirementIn order for the resolutions by the General Meeting in accordance with the Board of Directors' proposals under items 16 a)  b)  and c) above to be valid  the resolutions must be accepted by shareholders holding no less than two thirds of the votes cast as well as the shares represented at the General Meeting.Item 17 - Resolutions on a) implementation of a performance based  long-term share program for 2023  and b) transfer of own shares to the participants in the long-term share program for 2023BackgroundThe Board of Directors has decided to propose a long-term incentive program for 2023 (the ""Share Program 2023""). The Board is convinced that the proposed program will be beneficial to the company's shareholders as it will contribute to the possibilities to recruit and retain competent employees  is expected to increase the commitment and the motivation of the program participants and will strengthen the participants' ties to the Electrolux Group and its shareholders.Proposals of the Board of DirectorsThe Board of Directors proposes that the Annual General Meeting resolves a) to implement Share Program 2023  and b) to transfer own shares  free of consideration  to the participants in Share Program 2023.17 a) Implementation of Share Program 2023The Board of Directors proposes  in view of the above  that the Annual General Meeting resolves to implement Share Program 2023 with the following principal terms and conditions:a. The program is proposed to include up to 900 senior managers and key employees of the Electrolux Group  who are divided into seven groups; the President and CEO (""Group 1"")  other members of Group Management (""Group 2"")  and five additional groups for other senior managers and key employees (""Group 3-7""). Invitation to participate in the program shall be provided by Electrolux no later than on May 16  2023.b. Participants are offered to be allocated Performance Shares  provided that the participant remains employed until January 1  2026. Exemptions to this requirement may be prescribed in specific cases  including a participant's death  disability  retirement or the divestiture through a sale  spin-off or otherwise of the participant's employing company from the Electrolux Group.c. The Performance Shares shall be based on maximum performance values for each participant category. The maximum performance value for the participants in Group 1 will be 100 per cent of the participant's annual base salary for 2023  for participants in Group 2  90 per cent of the participant's annual base salary for 2023  for participants in Group 3  80 per cent of the participant's annual base salary for 2023  for participants in Group 4  60 per cent of the participant's annual base salary for 2023  for participants in Group 5  50 per cent of the participant's annual base salary for 2023  for participants in Group 6  40 per cent of the participant's annual base salary for 2023  and for participants in Group 7  20 per cent of the participant's annual base salary for 2023. The total sum of the maximum values of the Performance Shares thus defined for all participants will not exceed SEK 583m excluding social costs.d. Each maximum value shall thereafter be converted into a maximum number of Performance Shares1   based on the average closing price paid for Electrolux shares of series B on Nasdaq Stockholm during a period of ten trading days before the day the participants are invited to participate in the program  reduced by the present value of estimated dividend payments for the period until shares are allotted.e. The calculation of the number of Performance Shares shall be connected to performance targets for the Group  for the performance period  established by the Board for (i) cumulative earnings per share2 and (ii) CO2 reduction3. The performance targets adopted by the Board will stipulate a minimum level and a maximum level  with the relative weight of the performance targets (i) and (ii) being 80 per cent and 20 per cent respectively. For the participants in Group 1 and 2 (Group Management)  the granted Performance Shares based on (i) and (ii) will be multiplied by 0.75-1.25 depending on the outcome of a relative total shareholder return target4. The performance period is the financial years 2023-2025 with respect to each of the performance targets.f. Performance outcome of the established performance targets will be determined by the Board after the expiry of the three-year performance period in 2026. If the maximum performance level is reached or exceeded  the allocation will amount to (and will not exceed) the maximum number of Performance Shares following from items c) and d). If performance is below the maximum level but exceeds the minimum level  a proportionate allocation of shares will be made. No allocation will be made if performance amounts to or is below the minimum level. Information on the performance targets and the outcome will be provided no later than in connection with the allocation of Performance Shares in accordance with item g).g. If all conditions in the Share Program 2023 are met  allocation of Performance Shares will take place in the first half of 2026. Allocation will be free of charge except for tax liabilities.h. Certain deviations in or adjustments of the terms and conditions for the Share Program 2023 may be made based on local rules and regulations as well as applicable market practice or market conditions or where appropriate due to group re-organizations  including cash settlement instead of delivery of shares under certain circumstances.i. The Board of Directors  or a committee established by the Board for these purposes  shall be responsible for the preparation and management of the Share Program 2023  within the framework of the aforementioned terms and conditions.j. If material changes would occur within the Electrolux Group or on the market that  according to the Board's assessment  would lead to the conditions for allocation of Performance Shares no longer being reasonable  the Board will have the right to make also other adjustments of the Share Program 2023  including e.g. a right to resolve on a reduced allotment of shares.Costs for the Share Program 2023The total costs for the Share Program 2023 if the maximum number of Performance Shares are delivered  are estimated to a maximum of SEK 639m  which corresponds to approximately 3.1 per cent of total employment cost for 2022. The costs will be recognized over the years 2023-2025. The costs have been calculated as the sum of salary costs  including social costs  and administration costs for the program. Administration costs are estimated to be less than SEK 1m. If no allotment of shares is made  only administration costs will arise.The costs have been calculated based on the value  at the start of the program  of the Performance Shares that may be allotted at maximum performance  with a reduction of the present value of estimated dividend payments during a three-year period. The estimate on maximum costs assumes maximum performance and that the number of participants that will leave the Group during the performance period is the same as the historical average since the introduction of share programs in 2004. In the calculation  a maximum share price of SEK 247 per share has been applied.If repurchased own shares would be allocated under the program the number of outstanding shares is estimated to increase with not more than 3 965 000 shares of series B.5 Such maximum increase would have a dilutive effect on earnings per share of approximately 1.38 per cent. The total maximum increase in the number of outstanding shares of all outstanding share programs is estimated to not more than 7 874 000 shares of series B  corresponding to a dilutive effect on earnings per share of approximately 2.71 per cent. In this calculation  maximum allotment of shares has been assumed for Share Program 2023 and expected allotment has been assumed for the share programs for 2021 and 2022.Hedging measures for the Share Program 2023In order to implement Share Program 2023 in a cost-effective and flexible manner  the Board of Directors has considered various methods for transfer of shares to the participants. The Board of Directors has found that the most cost-effective alternative is transfer of own shares  and thus proposes that the Annual General Meeting resolves on transfer of own shares in accordance with item 17 b) below.Should the majority required under item 17 b) below not be reached  Electrolux intends to enter into an equity swap agreement with a third party.17 b) Resolution on transfers of own shares to the participants in Share Program 2023In order to secure the delivery of Performance Shares in accordance with the terms and conditions of Share Program 2023  the Board of Directors proposes that the Annual General Meeting resolves that the company shall transfer a maximum of 3 965 000 shares of series B in the company on the following terms and conditions:The right to receive shares shall be granted to such persons within the Electrolux Group covered by the terms and conditions pursuant to Share Program 2023. Furthermore  subsidiaries within the Electrolux Group shall have the right to acquire shares  free of consideration  and such subsidiaries shall be obligated to immediately transfer  free of consideration  shares to employees covered by the terms and conditions of Share Program 2023. The employee shall have the right to receive shares during the period when the employee is entitled to receive shares pursuant to the terms and conditions of Share Program 2023  i.e. in 2026. Employees covered by the terms and conditions of Share Program 2023 shall receive shares of series B in the company free of consideration. The number of shares of series B in Electrolux that may be transferred under Share Program 2023 will be subject to recalculation as a result of intervening bonus issues  splits  rights issues and/or other similar corporate events.Majority requirementsThe resolution of the Annual General Meeting to implement the program according to item 17 a) above requires that more than half of the votes cast at the Annual General Meeting approve the proposal. The Annual General Meeting's resolution on transfer of own shares  according to item 17 b) above requires that shareholders representing at least nine-tenths of the votes cast as well as the shares represented at the Annual General Meeting approve the proposal.Preparation of the proposal for the Share Program 2023The proposal regarding the Share Program 2023 has been prepared by the People Committee and the Board of Directors.Previous incentive programs in ElectroluxFor a description of the company's other share related incentive programs  reference is made to the Annual Report for 2022  note 27  and the Group's website  www.electroluxgroup.com. In addition to the programs described  no other share related incentive programs have been implemented in Electrolux.Shares and votesAs of February 17  2023  there are in total 283 077 393 shares in the company of which 8 192 348 are series A shares  each carrying one vote  and 274 885 045 are series B shares  each carrying one-tenth of a vote  corresponding to in total 35 680 852.5 votes. As of the same date the company holds 13 049 115 own shares of series B  corresponding to 1 304 911.5 votes that may not be represented at the General Meeting.Shareholders' right to receive informationThe Board of Directors and the President and CEO shall  if any shareholder so requests and the Board of Directors believes that it can be done without material harm to the company  at the Annual General Meeting  provide information regarding circumstances that may affect the assessment of an item on the agenda and circumstances that may affect the assessment of the company's or its subsidiaries' financial situation and the company's relation to other companies within the Group. Shareholders wishing to submit questions in advance may send them to AB Electrolux (publ)  General Counsel  SE-105 45 Stockholm  Sweden or by e-mail at agm@electrolux.com.Processing of personal dataFor information on how your personal data is processed  see https://www.euroclear.com/dam/ESwithLegal/Privacy-notice-bolagsstammor-engelska.pdfDocumentsThe Board of Directors' complete proposals are set out above. Information about persons proposed as members of the Board of Directors of Electrolux  information about proposed Auditor and the Nomination Committee's statement etc.  can be found on the Group's website  www.electroluxgroup.com/agm2023. The Annual Report  the Auditor's Report  the Auditor's statement pursuant to Chapter 8  Section 54 of the Swedish Companies Act regarding the remuneration guidelines for the group management  the Remuneration Report pursuant to Chapter 8  Section 53 a of the Swedish Companies Act  and the Board of Directors' statement pursuant to Chapter 19  Section 22 of the Swedish Companies Act relating to the proposal under item 16 a) above will be available at the company  AB Electrolux  S:t Göransgatan 143  SE-105 45 Stockholm  Sweden and on the Group's website  www.electroluxgroup.com/agm2023  no later than March 8  2023. The documents will also be sent to shareholders who so request and state their address.Stockholm in February 2023AB Electrolux (publ)THE BOARD OF DIRECTORS1 With a possibility for the Board of Directors to make adjustments for extraordinary events such as bonus issue  split  rights issue and/or other similar events.2 Earnings per share as defined in the financial statements on a cumulative basis during the entire performance period (with a possibility for the Board of Directors to make adjustments for extraordinary events).3 The CO2 reduction target refers to greenhouse gas reductions within the following three areas: (i) operations  (ii) transportation and (iii) energy from product use  with the relative weight of the three areas being 25 per cent for each of area (i) and (ii) and 50 per cent for area (iii). The target will be measured on selected predefined product categories and regions.4 The relative total shareholder return target refers to Electrolux Group's total shareholder return (TSR) (share price appreciation added by sum of all dividends received during the performance period) performance versus the FTSE EMEA Consumer Discretionary index during 2023-2025. If Electrolux TSR is at or below the lower quartile of the index  a multiplier of 0.75 will apply. If TSR is at or above the upper quartile  a multiplier of 1.25 will apply. If TSR is below the upper quartile but exceeds the lower quartile a proportionate multiplier between 0.75 and 1.25 will apply. The Board of Directors will have the possibility to make adjustments for extraordinary events such as a change of the composition of the index during the performance period.5 With a possibility for the Board of Directors to make adjustments for extraordinary events such as bonus issue  split  rights issue and/or other similar events.For further information  please contact:Electrolux Group Press Hotline  +46 8 657 65 07The following files are available for download:https://mb.cision.com/Main/1853/3717392/1857548.pdf 2023_PR_Notice AGM 2023_Eng_Final 2View original content:https://www.prnewswire.co.uk/news-releases/notice-convening-the-annual-general-meeting-of-ab-electrolux-301750538.html",neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,negative,0.0,0.0,1.0,True,English,"['Annual General Meeting', 'Electrolux Group', 'AB Electrolux', 'Notice', 'The Annual General Meeting', 'other supporting document', 'corporate identification number', 'Euroclear Sweden AB', 'voting rights registration', 'postal voting form', 'AB Electrolux', 'meeting venue', 'Münchenbryggeriet', 'Torkel Knutssonsgatan', 'share register', 'telephone number', 'legal entity', 'authorized signatory', 'record date', 'Such re-registration', 'postal vote', 'registration certificate', 'dated power', 'specific instructions', 'Further instructions', 'special form', 'Proxy forms', 'separate notification', 'Feb.', 'shareholders', 'notice', 'Wednesday', 'March', 'CET', 'Stockholm', 'Admission', 'Board', 'Directors', 'Group', 'website', 'Swedish', 'English', 'Participation', 'person', 'presentation', 'circumstances', 'Tuesday', 'Thursday', 'weekdays', '9 a', 'letter', 'Box', 'agm2023', 'name', 'address', 'assistants', 'written', 'attorney', 'representative', 'order', 'company', 'advance', 'request', 'accordance', 'case', 'publ', 'mail', 'GeneralMeetingService', 'votes', 'verification', 'BankID', 'vpc', 'EuroclearProxy', 'conditions', 'entirety', 'Shares', 'nominee', 'addition', 'routines', 'time', '4.00', '3.15']",2023-02-05,2023-02-20,finanznachrichten.de
18817,Euroclear,Twitter API,Twitter,Facing the FCA armed with data #AAA Websites Euroclear Fintech https://t.co/BLgUGxg6qW #regtech,nan,Facing the FCA armed with data #AAA Websites Euroclear Fintech https://t.co/BLgUGxg6qW #regtech,neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,True,English,"['FCA', 'data', 'Fintech', 'co', 'BLgUGxg6qW', 'FCA', 'data', 'Fintech', 'co', 'BLgUGxg6qW']",2023-02-20,2023-02-20,Unknown
18818,Euroclear,Twitter API,Twitter,This move significantly improved Euroclear's financial position and resulted in a record profit of €1.2 billion in… https://t.co/gHPL7excmA,nan,This move significantly improved Euroclear's financial position and resulted in a record profit of €1.2 billion in… https://t.co/gHPL7excmA,neutral,0.34,0.64,0.02,neutral,0.34,0.64,0.02,True,English,"['financial position', 'record profit', 'move', 'Euroclear', 'financial position', 'record profit', 'move', 'Euroclear']",2023-02-19,2023-02-20,Unknown
18819,Euroclear,Twitter API,Twitter,Example: Euroclear  a major European securities clearing company  stopped operations with Russia's National Settlem… https://t.co/Gaqwpe9eY1,nan,Example: Euroclear  a major European securities clearing company  stopped operations with Russia's National Settlem… https://t.co/Gaqwpe9eY1,neutral,0.11,0.85,0.04,neutral,0.11,0.85,0.04,True,English,"['major European securities clearing company', 'National Settlem', 'Example', 'Euroclear', 'operations', 'Russia', 'Gaqwpe9eY1', 'major European securities clearing company', 'National Settlem', 'Example', 'Euroclear', 'operations', 'Russia', 'Gaqwpe9eY1']",2023-02-19,2023-02-20,Unknown
18820,Clearstream,Twitter API,Twitter,We are delighted to welcome Clearstream Solutions as a sponsor to the 2023 Green Awards. To know more about them  v… https://t.co/TSnrnbYBR6,nan,We are delighted to welcome Clearstream Solutions as a sponsor to the 2023 Green Awards. To know more about them  v… https://t.co/TSnrnbYBR6,positive,0.96,0.04,0.0,positive,0.96,0.04,0.0,True,English,"['Clearstream Solutions', '2023 Green Awards', 'sponsor', 'TSnrnbYBR6', 'Clearstream Solutions', '2023 Green Awards', 'sponsor', 'TSnrnbYBR6']",2023-02-20,2023-02-20,Unknown
18821,Clearstream,Twitter API,Twitter,Antennas Direct ClearStream 4MAX TV Antenna  70+ Mile Range  UHF/Vhf  Multi-Directional  Indoor  Attic  Outdoor  Ma… https://t.co/xVfW4EMwXy,nan,Antennas Direct ClearStream 4MAX TV Antenna  70+ Mile Range  UHF/Vhf  Multi-Directional  Indoor  Attic  Outdoor  Ma… https://t.co/xVfW4EMwXy,neutral,0.13,0.86,0.01,neutral,0.13,0.86,0.01,True,English,"['ClearStream 4MAX TV Antenna', '70+ Mile Range', 'Antennas', 'Attic', 'ClearStream 4MAX TV Antenna', '70+ Mile Range', 'Antennas', 'Attic']",2023-02-20,2023-02-20,Unknown
18822,Deutsche Boerse,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/COMMERZBANK-AG-13057331/news/Commerzbank-to-Join-DAX-Amid-Linde-Delisting-43032291/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230220,Commerzbank to Join DAX Amid Linde Delisting,(marketscreener.com)  By Pierre Bertrand  Deutsche Boerse AG said late on Friday that Linde PLC will be replaced by Commerzbank AG on Germany's blue-chip DAX index after shareholders of the chemical company last month approved it delisting from Frankfurt.…,By Pierre BertrandDeutsche Boerse AG said late on Friday that Linde PLC will be replaced by Commerzbank AG on Germany's blue-chip DAX index after shareholders of the chemical company last month approved it delisting from Frankfurt.Nordex SE will replace Commerzbank on the MDAX index  while Deutsche Beteiligungs AG will be included in the SDAX  Deutsche Boerse said.The changes will be effective on Feb. 27  Deutsche Boerse said.Write to Pierre Bertrand at pierre.bertrand@wsj.com(END) Dow Jones Newswires02-20-23 0138ET,neutral,0.01,0.98,0.01,neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,True,English,"['Linde Delisting', 'Commerzbank', 'DAX', 'Dow Jones Newswires', 'blue-chip DAX index', 'Deutsche Beteiligungs AG', 'Deutsche Boerse AG', 'MDAX index', 'Commerzbank AG', 'Linde PLC', 'chemical company', 'Nordex SE', 'Pierre Bertrand', 'Friday', 'Germany', 'shareholders', 'Frankfurt', 'SDAX', 'changes', 'Feb.']",2023-02-20,2023-02-20,marketscreener.com
18823,Deutsche Boerse,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/UMT-UNITED-MOBILITY-TECHN-66660715/news/UMT-United-Mobility-Technology-AG-Research-consortium-selects-UMT-as-exclusive-payment-expert-43032800/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230220,UMT United Mobility Technology AG: Research consortium selects UMT as exclusive payment expert,(marketscreener.com) EQS-News: UMT United Mobility Technology AG / Key word: MiscellaneousUMT United Mobility Technology AG: Research consortium selects UMT as exclusive payment expert 20.02.2023 / 09:00 CET/CESTThe issuer is solely r…,"EQS-News: UMT United Mobility Technology AG / Key word(s): MiscellaneousUMT United Mobility Technology AG: Research consortium selects UMT as exclusive payment expert20.02.2023 / 09:00 CET/CESTThe issuer is solely responsible for the content of this announcement.Munich  February 20  2023Corporate NewsResearch consortium selects UMT as exclusive payment expertUMT joins federally funded research project ""Sunrise"" to realize Industrie 4.0 business models and access the IIoT marketThe kick-off event for the ""Sunrise"" research project  led by consortium leader IPRI (International Performance Research Institute  Stuttgart) and the Machine Tool Laboratory WZL at RWTH Aachen University  will be held in Stuttgart on February 27 and 28. The project will run until December 31  2025. The consortium of ten partners sees the project as a great opportunity to establish new innovative business models in mechanical and plant engineering in Germany. In particular  the results of ""Sunrise"" should enable small and medium-sized companies to establish subscription models for the first time.UMT AG has already been contributing to this forward-looking project  which now enjoys research funding from the German Federal Ministry of Education and Research (BMBF)  with its expertise in the field of payments since 2019 and has now been appointed as an official project partner. In the project  UMT will exclusively implement the verification  authentication and processing of payment transactions automatically triggered by the production machines. In addition  UMT's agenda also includes the realization of cross-media communication from production via the corporate management level to global communication networks. In this context  UMT AG also draws on MEXS' experience in the areas of messaging and IoT.“Industry 4.0” with the technology of the Industrial Internet of Things (IIoT) enables real-time planning  control and monitoring of industrial manufacturing processes. The global volume of this very technology-driven market is estimated at over $300 billion and has annual growth rates of over 20 percent.""Sunrise"" goes beyond the technology aspect and picks up on the current trend of replacing capital-binding investments in relevant economic assets with subscription models. The IT industry  in particular  is providing numerous pioneering examples in this area: Software as a Service (SaaS) replaces the purchase of software licenses  cloud computing eliminates the need to purchase one's own servers  and copiers and printers are not purchased but charged for on a per-copy basis.The advantages for the user are clear: usage-oriented  variable costs take the place of fixed costs and allow the entrepreneur more financial flexibility and security. Not having to use their own production equipment frees up capacity to concentrate on their core business.This is precisely where the ""Sunrise"" research project comes in and  in addition to providers and customers  also includes suppliers as well as enablers of the business model such as financial intermediaries and IoT service providers and will implement value creation networks on a pilot basis  taking into account technical as well as business management issues.""We are very much looking forward to the cooperation with the top-class consortium partners and expect important impulses for our future business development  especially in the SME sector  which is also the focus of MEXS. Participation in the research project confirms to us that our commitments in the areas of payment  messaging and IoT were the right decisions for the future "" says Dr. Jürgen Schulz  Spokesman of the Board of Management at UMT AG.Thomas Teufel  MEXS Managing Director and Member of the Board of UMT AG  adds: ""The combination of IoT and messaging is an important feature of the MEXS platform  which we are already using in medium-sized manufacturing companies - even worldwide. Combined with UMT's payment expertise  this fits perfectly into the digital future of industry. In the future  we can expect further sales revenues in this area. I am particularly pleased that know-how can be passed on to UMT via this MEXS research project.""By participating in this BMBF-funded research project  the UMT Group is making a significant contribution to the fourth industrial revolution ""Industry 4.0"" and thus sees its future strategy for the digitalization of conventional business models further confirmed.Further information on the ""Sunrise"" research project will be available in the future on the following website: www.sunrise-projekt.de.About UMT AG:UMT United Mobility Technology AG stands as a ""TechnologyHouse"" for the development and implementation of customized solutions for the digitalization of business processes. With Mobile Payment  Smart Rental and MEXS  UMT has technological platforms for payment  digital rental and now also for communication. The software-oriented technology portfolio now extends far beyond payment and also includes commerce  IoT and  with MEXS  communication  and forms the basis for forward-looking  integrated products. UMT is now much more than a FinTech company and serves the retail and rental sectors as well as industry.The IT and consulting expertise built up over a decade in the field of e-commerce and payment is the basis for value-creating investments in companies that contribute to the digital transformation of the co-testing environment and thus provides the answers to the most pressing questions of companies. The focus of the investment activities is on medium-sized companies with future-oriented and stable business models. The aim is to participate in the digital transformation with a forward-looking buy-and-build strategy and thus to achieve significant revenue and earnings growth in the UMT Group with sustainable profitability and steady cash flow.The UMT United Mobility Technology AG share (GSIN: A2YN70  ISIN: DE000A2YN702) is traded on the Frankfurt Stock Exchange and is listed on the Basic Board of Deutsche Boerse AG.Contact:UMT AGInvestor RelationsTelephone: +49 89 20 500 680Fax: +49 89 20 500 555GSIN: A2YN70ISIN: DE000A2YN702investor.relations@umt.agwww.umt.agHeadquarters: Munich  GermanyRegister Court: Munich  GermanyBoard of Directors: Dr. Juergen Schulz (Spokesman) Thomas TeufelChairman of the Supervisory Board: Walter Raizner",neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,positive,0.89,0.1,0.0,True,English,"['UMT United Mobility Technology AG', 'exclusive payment expert', 'Research consortium', 'UMT United Mobility Technology AG', 'Machine Tool Laboratory WZL', 'Dr. Jürgen Schulz', 'International Performance Research Institute', 'new innovative business models', 'Corporate News Research consortium', 'software-oriented technology portfolio', 'Key word(s', 'RWTH Aachen University', 'German Federal Ministry', 'annual growth rates', 'relevant economic assets', 'numerous pioneering examples', 'value creation networks', 'corporate management level', 'fourth industrial revolution', 'Industrie 4.0 business models', 'conventional business models', 'usage-oriented, variable costs', 'official project partner', 'industrial manufacturing processes', 'business management issues', 'medium-sized manufacturing companies', 'BMBF-funded research project', 'top-class consortium partners', 'exclusive payment expert', 'MEXS Managing Director', 'global communication networks', 'Sunrise"" research project', 'MEXS research project', 'future business development', 'technology aspect', 'IoT service providers', 'business processes', 'UMT AG', 'medium-sized companies', 'subscription models', 'core business', 'research funding', 'Industrial Internet', 'ten partners', 'global volume', 'fixed costs', 'consortium leader', 'looking project', 'UMT Group', 'kick-off event', 'great opportunity', 'plant engineering', 'first time', 'real-time planning', 'technology-driven market', 'current trend', 'capital-binding investments', 'cloud computing', 'financial flexibility', 'financial intermediaries', 'important impulses', 'SME sector', 'right decisions', 'Thomas Teufel', 'important feature', 'sales revenues', 'significant contribution', 'Further information', 'following website', 'customized solutions', 'Smart Rental', 'technological platforms', 'digital rental', 'payment transactions', 'Mobile Payment', ""MEXS' experience"", 'MEXS platform', 'cross-media communication', 'production machines', 'copy basis', 'production equipment', 'pilot basis', 'digital future', 'future strategy', 'IIoT market', 'software licenses', 'payment expertise', 'IT industry', 'MEXS.', 'EQS-News', 'Miscellaneous', 'CET', 'CEST', 'issuer', 'content', 'announcement', 'Munich', 'February', 'federally', 'IPRI', 'Stuttgart', 'December', 'mechanical', 'Germany', 'results', 'small', 'forward', 'Education', 'field', 'payments', 'verification', 'authentication', 'processing', 'addition', 'agenda', 'realization', 'context', 'areas', 'messaging', 'Things', 'control', 'monitoring', '20 percent', 'SaaS', 'purchase', 'need', 'servers', 'copiers', 'printers', 'advantages', 'user', 'place', 'security', 'capacity', 'customers', 'suppliers', 'enablers', 'account', 'technical', 'cooperation', 'focus', 'Participation', 'commitments', 'Spokesman', 'Board', 'Member', 'combination', 'digitalization', 'sunrise-projekt', 'TechnologyHouse', 'implementation', 'commerce', '09']",2023-02-20,2023-02-20,marketscreener.com
18824,Deutsche Boerse,Bing API,https://www.marketwatch.com/story/commerzbank-to-join-dax-amid-linde-delisting-8ecbefd8,Commerzbank to Join DAX Amid Linde Delisting,By Pierre Bertrand Deutsche Boerse AG said late on Friday that Linde PLC will be replaced by Commerzbank AG on Germany's blue-chip DAX index,By Pierre BertrandDeutsche Boerse AG said late on Friday that Linde PLC will be replaced by Commerzbank AG on Germany's blue-chip DAX index after shareholders of the chemical company last month approved it delisting from Frankfurt.Nordex SE will replace Commerzbank on the MDAX index  while Deutsche Beteiligungs AG will be included in the SDAX  Deutsche Boerse said.,neutral,0.01,0.98,0.01,neutral,0.0,0.99,0.01,True,English,"['Linde Delisting', 'Commerzbank', 'DAX', 'blue-chip DAX index', 'Deutsche Beteiligungs AG', 'Deutsche Boerse AG', 'MDAX index', 'Commerzbank AG', 'Pierre Bertrand', 'Linde PLC', 'chemical company', 'Nordex SE', 'Friday', 'Germany', 'shareholders', 'Frankfurt', 'SDAX']",2023-02-20,2023-02-20,marketwatch.com
18825,Deutsche Boerse,Bing API,https://uk.finance.yahoo.com/news/deutsche-beteiligungs-ag-listed-dax-070742445.html,Deutsche Beteiligungs AG listed on S-Dax  following strong first-quarter results and successful disposals,MiscellaneousDeutsche Beteiligungs AG listed on S-Dax  following strong first-quarter results and successful disposals 20.02.2023 / 08:07 CET/CESTThe issuer is solely responsible for the content of this announcement.,EQS-News: Deutsche Beteiligungs AG / Key word(s): MiscellaneousDeutsche Beteiligungs AG listed on S-Dax  following strong first-quarter results and successful disposalsThe issuer is solely responsible for the content of this announcement.Deutsche Beteiligungs AG listed on S-Dax  following strong first-quarter results and successful disposals Frankfurt/Main  20 February 2023. Deutsche Beteiligungs AG (“DBAG”) will be listed on S-Dax  Deutsche Börse’s small-cap index  with effect from27 February 2023. This was announced by Deutsche Börse subsidiary Qontigo on 17 February 2023. “Following a very positive start into the new financial year  with the disposals of Cloudflight  Pmflex and Heytex in the first quarter  and of BTV Multimedia in February  accession to the S-Dax underscores just how successful DBAG’s start to the new year has been”  said Torsten Grede  Spokesman of the Board of Management of Deutsche Beteiligungs AG. “We are delighted to be listed in the S-Dax again. Both  the company and its shareholders benefit from this inclusion and the enhanced visibility”  said Tom Alzin  member of the Board of Management. The S-Dax comprises the 70 companies which follow the M-Dax constituents in the ranking according to free-float market capitalisation. As at 17 February 2023  the market capitalisation of Deutsche Beteiligungs AG stood at around581 million euros; its shares were traded at 30.90 euros  and the free float (according to Deutsche Börse’s definition) was 68.3 per cent. Deutsche Beteiligungs AG (“DBAG”) has been listed since 1985 and is one of the most renowned private equity firms in Germany. As an investor and fund advisor  DBAG traditionally focuses on mid-market companies in Germany  Austria and Switzerland (the DACH region)  and especially on well-positioned companies offering growth potential. DBAG’s sector focus is on manufacturers  industrial service providers and IndustryTech enterprises – businesses whose products facilitate automation  robotics and digitalisation – as well as on companies from the broadband telecommunications  IT services  software and healthcare sectors. With its Milan office  DBAG has also maintained a presence in Italy since 2020. DBAG Group’s assets under management or advisory amount to approximately 2.6 billion euros.Deutsche Beteiligungs AGCorporate Communications · Roland RapeliusUntermainanlage 1 · 60329 Frankfurt/Main  GermanyTelephone +49 69 95787-365 · +49 151 26663172 (mobile)E-mail: roland.rapelius@dbag.de20.02.2023 CET/CEST Dissemination of a Corporate News  transmitted by EQS News - a service of EQS Group AG.The issuer is solely responsible for the content of this announcement.The EQS Distribution Services include Regulatory Announcements  Financial/Corporate News and Press Releases.Archive at www.eqs-news.com,neutral,0.27,0.73,0.0,positive,0.81,0.19,0.0,True,English,"['Deutsche Beteiligungs AG', 'strong first-quarter results', 'successful disposals', 'S-Dax', 'Deutsche Börse subsidiary Qontigo', 'renowned private equity firms', 'The EQS Distribution Services', 'Deutsche Beteiligungs AG', 'strong first-quarter results', 'EQS Group AG', 'new financial year', 'free-float market capitalisation', 'industrial service providers', 'new year', 'IT services', 'EQS News', 'The S-Dax', 'Key word', 'small-cap index', 'first quarter', 'BTV Multimedia', 'Torsten Grede', 'Tom Alzin', 'M-Dax constituents', 'free float', '68.3 per cent', 'fund advisor', 'DACH region', 'growth potential', 'sector focus', 'IndustryTech enterprises', 'broadband telecommunications', 'healthcare sectors', 'Milan office', 'Corporate Communications', 'Roland Rapelius', 'roland.rapelius', 'CEST Dissemination', 'Corporate News', 'Regulatory Announcements', 'Press Releases', 'successful disposals', 'DBAG Group', 'positive start', '2.6 billion euros', 'mid-market companies', '30.90 euros', '70 companies', 'EQS-News', 'Miscellaneous', 'issuer', 'content', 'Frankfurt/Main', '20 February', 'effect', '27 February', '17 February', 'Cloudflight', 'Pmflex', 'Heytex', 'accession', 'Spokesman', 'Board', 'Management', 'company', 'shareholders', 'inclusion', 'visibility', 'member', 'ranking', '581 million', 'shares', 'definition', 'Germany', 'investor', 'Austria', 'Switzerland', 'manufacturers', 'businesses', 'products', 'automation', 'robotics', 'digitalisation', 'software', 'presence', 'Italy', 'assets', 'advisory', 'Untermainanlage', 'Telephone', 'mail', 'Archive']",2023-02-20,2023-02-20,uk.finance.yahoo.com
18826,Deutsche Boerse,Twitter API,Twitter,German exchange Deutsche Boerse has selected Google Cloud to provide the backbone of its digital assets business… https://t.co/HzsN8zH61r,nan,German exchange Deutsche Boerse has selected Google Cloud to provide the backbone of its digital assets business… https://t.co/HzsN8zH61r,neutral,0.08,0.91,0.01,neutral,0.08,0.91,0.01,True,English,"['digital assets business', 'German exchange', 'Deutsche Boerse', 'Google Cloud', 'backbone', 'HzsN8zH61r', 'digital assets business', 'German exchange', 'Deutsche Boerse', 'Google Cloud', 'backbone', 'HzsN8zH61r']",2023-02-20,2023-02-20,Unknown
18827,Deutsche Boerse,Twitter API,Twitter,📣 Deutsche Börse has selected Google Cloud to provide the backbone for a new digital asset business platform that w… https://t.co/cb7rTguWgi,nan,📣 Deutsche Börse has selected Google Cloud to provide the backbone for a new digital asset business platform that w… https://t.co/cb7rTguWgi,neutral,0.08,0.91,0.01,neutral,0.08,0.91,0.01,True,English,"['new digital asset business platform', 'Deutsche Börse', 'Google Cloud', 'backbone', 'new digital asset business platform', 'Deutsche Börse', 'Google Cloud', 'backbone']",2023-02-20,2023-02-20,Unknown
18828,Deutsche Boerse,Twitter API,Twitter,Deutsche Boerse announced on Friday that #Commerzbank AG will rejoin the #DAX index.The lender will replace Linde… https://t.co/eliKa4OCcQ,nan,Deutsche Boerse announced on Friday that #Commerzbank AG will rejoin the #DAX index.The lender will replace Linde… https://t.co/eliKa4OCcQ,neutral,0.01,0.98,0.0,neutral,0.01,0.98,0.0,True,English,"['Deutsche Boerse', 'Friday', 'lender', 'Linde', 'eliKa4OCcQ', 'Deutsche Boerse', 'Friday', 'lender', 'Linde', 'eliKa4OCcQ']",2023-02-19,2023-02-20,Unknown
18829,Deutsche Boerse,Twitter API,Twitter,European bourses join forces in bid to operate stocks price feed | @ReutersEuronext  Deutsche Boerse and 12 other… https://t.co/Gy5gw1it7u,nan,European bourses join forces in bid to operate stocks price feed | @ReutersEuronext  Deutsche Boerse and 12 other… https://t.co/Gy5gw1it7u,neutral,0.15,0.83,0.02,neutral,0.15,0.83,0.02,True,English,"['stocks price feed', 'European bourses', 'Deutsche Boerse', 'forces', 'bid', 'Euronext', 'stocks price feed', 'European bourses', 'Deutsche Boerse', 'forces', 'bid', 'Euronext']",2023-02-19,2023-02-20,Unknown
18830,Deutsche Boerse,Twitter API,Twitter,We're excited to announce #GoogleCloud's partnership with Deutsche Börse to enhance  economize  and concentrate Deu… https://t.co/GlEk6GZUjv,nan,We're excited to announce #GoogleCloud's partnership with Deutsche Börse to enhance  economize  and concentrate Deu… https://t.co/GlEk6GZUjv,positive,0.73,0.26,0.0,positive,0.73,0.26,0.0,True,English,"['Deutsche Börse', 'partnership', 'GlEk6GZUjv', 'Deutsche Börse', 'partnership', 'GlEk6GZUjv']",2023-02-19,2023-02-20,Unknown
18831,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.theguardian.com/world/2023/feb/20/sanctions-war-russia-ukraine-year-on-vladimir-putin,The sanctions war against Russia: a year of playing cat and mouse,Early claims Moscow would buckle quickly proved hubristic  yet Putin has also made miscalculations“The Russian economy is on track to be cut in half ” Joe Biden said in March last year  as he heralded sanctions brought against Russia after its full-scale inva…,“The Russian economy is on track to be cut in half ” Joe Biden said in March last year  as he heralded sanctions brought against Russia after its full-scale invasion of Ukraine.Annalena Baerbock  the German foreign minister  vowed that sanctions were “hitting the Putin system … at its core of power”. Liz Truss  her counterpart in the UK at the time  forecast that Vladimir Putin’s oligarchs would have nowhere to hide. EU sanctions  the European Commission president  Ursula von der Leyen  said  “are working to cripple Putin’s ability to finance his war machine”.The language before the invasion had been no less assertive. At a briefing in January 2022  US state department officials said Washington was prepared to implement sanctions “with massive consequences that were not considered in 2014 [when Russia annexed Crimea]. That means the gradualism of the past is out  and this time we’ll start at the top of the escalation ladder and stay there.”The Institute for International Finance (IIF) predicted a 15% fall in Russian GDP in 2022. JP Morgan envisaged a 12% contraction. Russia’s own technocrats privately warned Putin of a possible 30% fall.Vladimir Putin attending a virtual cabinet meeting at Novo-Ogaryovo  a Russian government residence outside Moscow. Photograph: Mikhail Metzel/APThe reality was somewhat different  reflecting what analysts say was a hubristic over-confidence in the west about the speed with which sanctions that were agreed with unprecedented coordination by the G7 could damage Russia.The Russian economy contracted by only 2.2% last year. Unemployment  according to admittedly dubious official figures  now stands at 3.7 %. The construction sector has been able to grow significantly even if the car and electronics industries have suffered. A bumper harvest has driven growth in the agricultural sector.Russia is now forecast by the International Monetary Fund to grow faster in 2023 and 2024 than the UK. It is hardly financial apocalypse now.As the war approaches its one-year anniversary on 24 February  the debate about whether sanctions are effective has intensified.Defenders of sanctions say the ruble and headline gross domestic product are dreadful indicators  partly because Russian statistics are either classified or manipulated as part of the war effort. “Please do not ask me about GDP figures. They do not matter ” said Elina Ribakova  the deputy chief economist at the Institute of International Finance  a global industry body.Vladimir Milov  a former Russian deputy energy minister and author of a Martens Centre report on sanctions  said it may be more instructive to track a dozen or so “soft indicators” such as alcohol sales  divorce rates  shoplifting  spending on food  opinion polls  bank customer sentiment or tax revenues.“Don’t look at the watch every five minutes to see if sanctions are working. Exercise strategic patience ” said Milov  who is also an ally of the jailed Russian opposition leader Alexei NavalnyAgathe Demarais  the author of Backfire  a study of US sanctions  said: “This is a marathon rather than a sprint  but financing the war is getting more difficult.”Economists at the Kyiv School of Economics go further  arguing that a decisive turning point may already have been reached as a growing Russian fiscal deficit – spurred by extra defence spending and collapsing hydrocarbon revenues – forces Russia’s central bank to eat up its reserves.Initial financial blitzkrieg“It is understandable that the west got carried away at the beginning  leading to false expectations of a palace coup ” said Charles Lichfield  a deputy director of the Atlantic Council  a US thinktank.After all  Russians started to rush for the cash machines  fearing a run on the banks. The rouble tanked  falling from from about 70-75 against the dollar to nearly 140.People stand in line to withdraw money from a cash machine at a bank in Moscow on 27 February 2022. Photograph: Victor Berzkin/APThe gates to the oligarchs’ European playgrounds were padlocked  their ostentatious toys put into dry dock. The loss of mobility and respectability was a heavy blow  particularly in London where the Conservative government suddenly turned on the Russian rich after decades of laxity and reputation laundering. Within about four months  Russian assets worth about €13.8bn (£12.3bn) had been frozen.Even the smallest transactions were at risk of getting stuck in correspondent bank accounts for weeks if not months  as international banks became wary of facilitating transfers by Russian clients. In total the EU put sanctions on 1 386 individuals and 171 entities.Hundreds of the larger western firms from McDonalds to BP to IT multinationals “self-sanctioned” themselves by suspending or winding down their Russian operations  even if some did not actually leave. The German chemical firm BASF suffered a $7.9bn (£6.5bn) writedown in the process  even if it hopes to pass it on to the taxpayer.A worker removes McDonald’s logo from a restaurant in Moscow in June 2022. Photograph: Alexander Nemenov/AFP/Getty ImagesBut in the key opening exchange of the sanctions battle  the Russian central bank  ironically largely staffed by liberal pragmatists opposed to the invasion of Ukraine  got the better of the west. On 28 February  the west tried to ambush Russia by simply freezing what was reported by the country’s central bank to be roughly $300bn or (40%) of its total foreign exchange reserves held overseas. The remainder was not held in western currencies. “The aim was to make it harder to defend the currency  increase the cost of financing the war and fuel inflation ” said Demarais.Elvira Nabiullina  the governor of the Russian central bank. Photograph: Shamil Zhumatov/ReutersBut the Russian central bank’s governor  Elvira Nabiullina  responded decisively  raising the key interest rate to 20% on 28 February  effectively shutting down mortgages and corporate lending but making deposits extremely attractive. It deterred citizens from panicking and withdrawing all their money from their accounts. On 7 March  for the first time in the modern Russian history  the central bank completely banned the sale and withdrawal of dollars and euros deposited before 24 February. Russia also negotiated for some its banks – notably Gazprombank – to remain in the global financial messaging system Swift because they handled payments related to oil and gas exports on which the EU were heavily reliant. After a short period of stress in March 2022  structural liquidity returned more or less to pre-sanctions levels. By June the rouble had stabilised.Once its initial financial blitzkrieg – prepared in secret in the US Treasury in the months before war – had been repelled  the west had to revise its strategy  accepting implicitly it had not quite started at the top of the sanctions ladder and there were further rungs to climb. The second phase was going to be more a war of attrition  constant adjustment and consensus-building across the EU.The European Commission went on to a sanctions war footing  according to a study by the Danish Institute for International Studies. “Formal processes that would traditionally take several weeks were concluded within a day ” it found.But flaws in the process appeared. Since EU sanction packages require unanimity  ideological outliers like Hungary held massive leverage. Viktor Orbán’s personal connection with specific Russian oligarchs became apparent. For instance  in September last year the Hungarian prime minister asked  probably in return for favours by Putin  for three Russian oligarchs to be removed from the EU sanctions list. Before the 15 March renewal deadline  Orbán has lobbied to remove the same trio plus an other six. At successive European Council meetings  his ministers have threatened use of the veto  delaying key sanctions decisions. Most recently  Orbán breezily insulted Ukraine as “a no man’s land akin to Afghanistan”.Vladimir Putin presents Alisher Usmanov  the founder of USM Holdings group  the decoration For Beneficence during a ceremony at the Kremlin in Moscow in January 2017. Photograph: Kremlin Pool/AlamySome EU states found they did not have the laws  compliance departments or procedures to implement the sanctions agreed in Brussels. Only now is the European Commission working with member states for instance to establish a single contact point for enforcement and implementation issues with cross-border dimensions.Differences in the vigour with which sanctions were enforced became striking. EU figures show Greece had frozen only €222 000 in Russian assets and Malta only €200 000. The same two countries in April had tried to block a ban on Russian flagged ships entering EU ports. Austrian companies have hardly rushed to leave Russia. One estimate says 43 Austrian firms have stayed and only two left completely. Belgium has lobbied to keep the 500-year-old diamond industry in Antwerp open to Russia’s Alrosa mining company.Among Nato members  Turkey’s refusal to join the sanctions coalition has become a major problem.By the third quarter of 2022  Russian imports from Turkey had surged to over $1bn a month  roughly double the figure for the same period the previous year.Turkey became a route for Russia to import vital western-produced goods such as manufacturing parts. Some economists for instance have noticed a mini boomlet in trade between Italy and Turkey  suggesting enterprising Italian traders regard Istanbul as a useful access point into forbidden Russian markets.US Treasury sources say they have now elevated Turkey’s approach to trade with Russia to an issue of prime importance in the bilateral relationship.The US is also looking askance at another ally  the United Arab Emirates. Research by a team of Berlin-based data analysts examining more than 500 000 bank transactions after the war started found that  in terms of value  66% of withdrawals by non-resident customers of Russian banks went to beneficiaries located in the UAE. This represents a 40% rise on the previous year.Vladimir Putin  left  walks with Crown Prince Mohamed bin Zayed Al Nahyan during an official welcome ceremony in Abu Dhabi  UAE  in 2019. Photograph: Alexander Zemlianichenko/APPutin’s throw’s energy poker game lead with dud cardThe surprising resilience of the Russian economy is not primarily due to the technical professionalism of central bank officials or murky sanctions busting  but instead a blindingly obvious structural flaw in the sanctions: Europe’s reliance on Russian oil and gas exports  the source of 40% of Russian budget revenue.“Not imposing a Russian export embargo early on led to record high trade and fiscal surpluses that gave Putin’s regime a huge financial cushion  enough to sustain many months of the war ” said Oleg Itskhoki  a Russian-American economist. “Only Putin’s imports were boycotted  while his exports continued. As a result the Russian car and electrical industry collapsed  but not the export of oil and gas.”Various groups of western economists  including Rüdiger Bachmann  Moritz Schularick  Ben Moll and Christian Bayer  tried through March and April to persuade German politicians that cutting off the supply of Russian energy would not lead the German economy to crash.Moll recalled: “Soon after the war started  statements were being made by German politicians that an energy embargo would have dramatic economic consequences. For instance  the economics minister said there would be mass unemployment and poverty.“We just thought it was important to look at the data and think this through systematically so we put together a team of energy economists as well as micro- and macroeconomists and concluded it might lead to a recession between 0.5 and 3 % but not economic Armageddon. Not all of us agreed with an energy embargo. But the unions and industry lobby denounced our analysis and the chancellor called us ‘irresponsible’ on national TV  a reflection of the large influence of corporate Germany.”Moll believes in retrospect his analysis of the system’s flexibility and adaptability has been proven right.But the EU could decouple itself from Russian energy only at the speed Germany  the major economy most vulnerable to Putin’s energy blackmail  was prepared to tolerate.Vladimir Putin with the former German chancellor Gerhard Schröder and the then Gazprom CEO  at the inauguration of the Nord Stream pipeline in September 2011. Photograph: Alexey Nikolsky/RIA Novosti/AFP/Getty ImagesIt took until June  after private lobbying by the US and evidence of war crimes in Ukraine  for the EU in its sixth sanctions package to agree to an EU-wide ban on Russian oil exports. But the ban was only to come into force in two delayed phases. The ban on the purchase  import or transfer of Russian seaborne crude oil was not to apply until 5 December and the ban on other refined oil products such as diesel came in on 5 February.The price of Europe’s caution is well known. With the exception of 2020 and 2018  oil and gas had provided 60% of Russian goods exports in every year since 2002. But the early summer of 2022 was a total bonanza for the Russian treasury  as it benefited from the record surge in energy prices. In March  Russia was making €1bn a day from energy exports. Oil and gas increased to 60% of Russian fiscal revenues  up from 40%. Germany alone has bought €24bn of Russian fossil fuels since the invasion.Europe funded the Russian war machine that it denounced. The surplus on Russia’s current account for the year was $227.4bn – a 86% increase on the previous year and more than double the previous record. That helped strengthen the rouble  making imports cheaper. This in turn helped to gradually bring down inflation  taking some pressure off the real incomes of the ordinary Russian population.By the summer Russian treasury coffers were so bloated that Putin felt confident enough to launch a counterattack by slowing gas supplies to Europe. With 40 % of Europe’s gas coming from Russia  he demanded in April that any country refusing to pay for its gas in roubles would be cut off. Europe huffed but complied. By June he started tampering with the gas flow through the Nord Stream 1 pipeline from Russia into Germany. He first cut deliveries through the pipeline by 75%  from 170m cubic metres a day to roughly 40m. In July  the pipeline was shut for 10 days  citing the need for essential maintenance work. On reopening  the flow was reduced to 20m cubic metres a day.Then on 26 September an as yet unidentified intelligence service blew up the pipeline and the neighbouring Nord Stream 2 pipeline – which had yet to go into service - leaving a mangled wreck and an unsolved crime scene at the bottom of the Baltic.Equinor’s liquefied natural gas facility in Melkøya  Norway  in January 2023. Photograph: Ole Berg-Rusten/NTB/AFP/Getty Images“Putin shot himself in the foot because by turning off the gas tap  he completely changed the calculus in the European Union and gave the impetus to Europe to diversify away from Russian gas ” Demarais said. “He made the decision for Europe a lot easier.”Through a mixture of planning and good fortune  Europe has  in the space of six months  largely weaned itself off Russian gas. Renewables have been boosted  the lives of nuclear power stations extended and liquid natural gas terminals built at lightening speed. The European Commission sent out search parties for alternative sources of energy ranging from Morocco  Qatar  Angola  Venezuela  Norway and Nigeria. It was a form of Putin-inspired “shock therapy”.In another blow to Putin  “General Winter”  once assumed to be Russia’s greatest ally  failed to report for duty. Temperatures averaged well above the norm with record highs for winter broken in the Netherlands  Liechtenstein  Lithuania  Latvia  Czech Republic  Poland  Denmark and Belarus. That lowered demand for energy  as did the self-restraint of European consumers rocked by record bills. Gas storage levels in Germany in January were at 90%  the highest level ever for the month.Russian gas exports to Europe tumbled by more than 75% compared with the prewar period. The daily price of natural gas on the stock exchange Amsterdam Euronext which had peaked at more than €300 a megawatt hour after the invasion  has now fallen well below 100 again  to under €60  still high by the standards of 2020 . Inflation is slowly descending across Europe  and Germany looks to have avoided the widely predicted recession.Technicians inspect the East-Route pipeline at a gas-distributing station in Qinhuangdao  China. Photograph: VCG/Getty ImagesPutin had played his best economic warfare card – cutting gas exports to Europe – and it was a dud  and will remain so next winter if the EU controls demand. In the space of a year  Putin destroyed Russia’s gas bridge to Europe  the centrepiece of Russian postwar economy.Where do we go from here?The question now is how quickly he can construct a different bridge to the east  and so keep the Russian finances afloat.Russia exports natural gas from eastern fields to China through the 2 500-mile Power of Siberia 1 pipeline  but the western fields  which had served the European markets  are not connected to this export route and cannot be easily redirected to China. Eventually a Power of Siberia 2 pipeline will connect the two fields  but the estimated completion date is 2030. China is also not such a profitable market. Russia was estimated to be charging $3 a metric million British thermal unit (MMBtu) for deliveries to China via the Power of Siberia pipeline  while the estimated charge for deliveries to Europe had been sold at $10-$25/MMBtu.Putin is also in danger of being screwed to the floor over oil  his crown jewel. After persistent US Treasury lobbying  the west supplemented the EU ban on Russian crude oil exports by introducing an unprecedented market intervention that seeks to set a world wide price cap of $60 a barrel for Russian seaborne oil. From 5 December  the same date as the EU import ban  any firm providing payments  insurance  financial services  or brokering  bunkering  piloting services to a ship carrying Russian oil could not receive insurance cover if the oil was being purchased for more than $60 a barrel. If the US or EU catches any company misrepresenting the price or submitting a fraudulent attestation  the G7 can impose sanctions on that company. The UK proposes fines of $1.2m.Putin blustered  saying he would not supply oil to any country for five months that complied with this price regime from 1 February. But this may be a bluff. For China and India do not need to endorse the cap explicitly  but they can take advantage of its existence and their purchasing power to negotiate heavy price discounts in comparison with Brent crude.The price cap is in its infancy  and since the price of seaborne Urals crude averaged $49.48 in January  below the $60 cap  EU tankers – mainly Greek – can legitimately carry on transporting oil to China and India. Reports suggest crude oil loading from Russian ports have reached a multi-month high. At best the cap has had the effect of institutionalising price discounts. At worst it is proving toothless. Ukraine and its expert team advisers on sanctions led by the former US envoy Michael McFaul say the cap needs to be halved especially if its purpose is to blow a hole in Russia’s budget.But the US Treasury  in setting the cap  was balancing different objectives: reducing Russia’s income and keeping enough supplies on the seas to avoid another spike in oil prices. That requires a perilous assessment of the price at which Putin decides it is not profitable to extract or export oil. The US is trying to postpone a review of the cap level until March to allow more evidence to be collated.The Kyiv School of Economics insists the numbers on the Russian dashboard are flashing red. Russia’s monthly fiscal deficit reached a record 3.9tn roubles (£43.3bn) in December and its total budget deficit for 2022 was 3.3tn roubles – or 2.3% of GDP – set against a projected an annual surplus of 1.3tn. Overall spending in 2022 was 7.3tn roubles higher than forecast  presumably due to vast defence spending.Putin plans to spend 6.3 % of GDP on defence and national security in the 2023 federal budget alone  doubling defence spending to more than 10tn roubles. The question then becomes how long this level of spending can be sustained if energy revenues are falling so fast.Demarais said the first signs of serious strain would be unplanned debt issuance and the sale of some of its 310bn yuan (£37.5bn)  the only currency in Russia’s reserves that can be used for interventions in the foreign exchange market.Various estimates exist  but some say Russia’s planned spending is probably sustainable on an assumed Urals crude oil pice of $70 a barrel. Russia won’t burn through its stock of yuan assets this year unless the Urals price halves and averages $25 a barrel  according to Bloomberg Economics.The US bank Citigroup estimates it would only take an average price of $35 to deplete the available yuan resources already in 2023.The NS Power tanker is moored at a petroleum depot in Vladivostok  Russia in December. Photograph: Tatiana Meel/ReutersBut as the past year has shown  Russia is not sitting idle in the face of a price cap. Learning from its growing ally  Iran  it has assembled an ageing dark fleet of smaller  older ships carrying crude oil mainly to China and India. Evasion will be attempted through multiple means: flags of convenience; the blending of crude; Russian insurance schemes; or the simple manipulation of documents. New crude oil transfer hubs are already emerging. It will depend on whether this covert market grows into a viable alternative to the G7 cap  and the price at which the oil is bought by China.In the end an international sanctions war is a game of cat and mouse in which both sides look for clues amid the disinformation to try to pre-empt the other’s moves.Ultimately it is not as decisive as the battlefield  but if the west can stay the course  Putin may yet find his options narrowing. If he survives it will be a huge blow to the power of the dollar  and one that will not go unnoticed in Beijing.,negative,0.0,0.03,0.97,negative,0.01,0.07,0.93,True,English,"['sanctions war', 'Russia', 'year', 'cat', 'mouse', 'former Russian deputy energy minister', 'Ursula von der Leyen', 'US state department officials', 'growing Russian fiscal deficit', 'German foreign minister', 'deputy chief economist', 'European Commission president', 'virtual cabinet meeting', 'gross domestic product', 'global industry body', 'Martens Centre report', 'decisive turning point', 'larger western firms', 'German chemical firm', 'AFP/Getty Images B', 'dubious official figures', 'Russian opposition leader', 'Initial financial blitzkrieg', 'International Monetary Fund', 'bank customer sentiment', 'correspondent bank accounts', 'Russian government residence', 'extra defence spending', 'oligarchs’ European playgrounds', 'deputy director', 'US thinktank', 'Russian economy', 'Russian GDP', 'financial apocalypse', 'Russian statistics', 'GDP figures', 'Conservative government', 'Russian assets', 'Russian clients', 'Russian operations', 'International Finance', 'central bank', 'Joe Biden', 'Annalena Baerbock', 'Liz Truss', 'massive consequences', 'escalation ladder', 'JP Morgan', 'Mikhail Metzel/AP', 'unprecedented coordination', 'construction sector', 'electronics industries', 'bumper harvest', 'agricultural sector', 'one-year anniversary', 'dreadful indicators', 'Elina Ribakova', 'soft indicators', 'alcohol sales', 'divorce rates', 'opinion polls', 'tax revenues', 'strategic patience', 'Alexei Navalny', 'Agathe Demarais', 'Kyiv School', 'hydrocarbon revenues', 'false expectations', 'palace coup', 'Charles Lichfield', 'Atlantic Council', 'cash machines', 'Victor Berzkin/AP', 'ostentatious toys', 'dry dock', 'heavy blow', 'reputation laundering', 'smallest transactions', 'IT multinationals', 'Alexander Nemenov', 'US sanctions', 'international banks', 'Putin system', 'Vladimir Putin', 'full-scale invasion', 'war machine', 'The Institute', 'possible 30% fall', 'war effort', 'Vladimir Milov', 'four months', 'EU sanctions', '15% fall', 'track', 'half', 'March', 'Ukraine', 'core', 'power', 'counterpart', 'ability', 'language', 'briefing', 'January', 'Washington', 'Crimea', 'gradualism', 'past', 'top', 'IIF', '12% contraction', 'technocrats', 'Novo-Ogaryovo', 'Moscow', 'Photograph', 'reality', 'analysts', 'confidence', 'speed', 'G7', 'Unemployment', 'growth', '24 February', 'debate', 'Defenders', 'ruble', 'headline', 'author', 'dozen', 'shoplifting', 'food', 'watch', 'ally', 'Backfire', 'study', 'marathon', 'sprint', 'Economists', 'Economics', 'collapsing', 'reserves', 'beginning', 'Russians', 'run', 'dollar', 'People', 'money', '27 February', 'gates', 'loss', 'mobility', 'London', 'decades', 'laxity', 'risk', 'weeks', 'transfers', '1,386 individuals', '171 entities', 'Hundreds', 'McDonalds', 'BP', 'BASF', '$7.9bn', 'writedown', 'process', 'taxpayer', 'worker', 'logo', 'restaurant', 'June', '3.7 %.']",2023-02-20,2023-02-20,theguardian.com
18832,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/tetragon-financial-group-limited-investor-065500749.html,Tetragon Financial Group Limited Investor Call on 6 March 2023,Tetragon will host a conference call for investors on Monday  6 March 2023 at 15:00 GMT / 10:00 EST to discuss its Annual Report and to provide a company...,LONDON  Feb. 20  2023 /PRNewswire/ -- Tetragon will host a conference call for investors on Monday  6 March 2023 at 15:00 GMT / 10:00 EST to discuss its Annual Report and to provide a company update.During the call  Tetragon's investment manager will also seek to address questions raised by investors  including questions e-mailed to ir@tetragoninv.com.Getting Access to the Call and Q&A:The call will be accompanied by a live presentation which can be viewed online by registering at the link below. In addition  questions can be submitted online while watching the presentation. We would encourage you to log in 15 minutes prior to the start of the call.https://onlinexperiences.com/Launch/QReg/ShowUUID=D92B9E59-82F3-4028-ADD0-94EFBC2F9BC5Presentation Replay:A replay of the call will be available for 30 days through the link provided above or by visiting http://www.tetragoninv.com/shareholders where a recording will posted.New website:Tetragon has recently launched a new company website which can be viewed at www.tetragoninv.com.About Tetragon:Tetragon is a Guernsey closed-ended investment company. Its non-voting shares are listed on Euronext in Amsterdam N.V. and also traded on the Specialist Fund Segment of the Main Market of the London Stock Exchange. Our investment manager is Tetragon Financial Management LP. For more information  please go to www.tetragoninv.com.Tetragon: Yuko Thomas Investor Relations ir@tetragoninv.com Press Inquiries: Prosek Partners pro-tetragon@prosek.com U.K. +44 203 890 9193 U.S. +001 212 279 3115This release does not contain or constitute an offer to sell or a solicitation of an offer to purchase securities in the United States or any other jurisdiction. The securities of Tetragon have not been and will not be registered under the U.S. Securities Act of 1933 and may not be offered or sold in the United States or to U.S. persons unless they are registered under applicable law or exempt from registration. Tetragon does not intend to register any portion of its securities in the United States or to conduct a public offer of securities in the United States. In addition  Tetragon has not been and will not be registered under the U.S. Investment Company Act of 1940  and investors will not be entitled to the benefits of such Act. Tetragon is registered in the public register of the Netherlands Authority for the Financial Markets under Section 1:107 of the Financial Markets Supervision Act as a collective investment scheme from a designated country.CisionView original content:https://www.prnewswire.co.uk/news-releases/tetragon-financial-group-limited-investor-call-on-6-march-2023-301750020.html,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,neutral,0.01,0.96,0.03,True,English,"['Tetragon Financial Group Limited Investor Call', '6 March', 'U.S. Investment Company Act', 'Guernsey closed-ended investment company', 'Financial Markets Supervision Act', 'U.S. Securities Act', 'Tetragon Financial Management LP', 'U.S. persons', 'collective investment scheme', 'Amsterdam N.V.', 'Specialist Fund Segment', 'new company website', 'London Stock Exchange', 'company update', 'investment manager', 'New website', 'Annual Report', 'Q&A', 'non-voting shares', 'Main Market', 'Yuko Thomas', 'Investor Relations', 'Press Inquiries', 'Prosek Partners', 'United States', 'other jurisdiction', 'applicable law', 'public register', 'Netherlands Authority', 'original content', 'live presentation', 'public offer', 'conference call', 'Presentation Replay', 'Feb.', 'PRNewswire', 'investors', 'Monday', 'March', '15:00 GMT', 'questions', 'Access', 'link', 'addition', '15 minutes', 'start', 'Launch/QReg', 'ShowUUID', '30 days', 'recording', 'Euronext', 'information', 'release', 'solicitation', 'registration', 'portion', 'benefits', 'Section', 'country', 'Cision', 'tetragon-financial-group-limited-investor-call', '10:00']",2023-02-20,2023-02-20,finance.yahoo.com
18833,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/fl-entertainment-weekly-share-transactions-174400248.html,FL Entertainment: weekly share transactions,Press Release Paris – February 20th  2023 Share Transactions Disclosure FL Entertainment N.V. (894500G73K46H93RF180) declares the following transactions made...,FL EntertainmentPress ReleaseParis – February 20th  2023Share Transactions DisclosureFL Entertainment N.V. (894500G73K46H93RF180) declares the following transactions made on its own shares (NL0015000X07) from February 13th to February 17th  2023 in accordance with the authorization given by the shareholder’s annual meeting on June 30  2022.Trade Date Side Total Daily Volume (Number of Shares) Average Price Amount of Transactions Market Identification Code 2023-02-13 BUY 200 8.685000 1 737.00 XAMS 2023-02-13 SELL 33 8.719697 287.75 XAMS 2023-02-15 SELL 12 8.700000 104.40 XAMS 2023-02-16 BUY 263 8.669011 2 279.95 XAMS 2023-02-16 SELL 18 8.700000 156.60 XAMS 2023-02-17 SELL 1 8.700000 8.70 XAMSThe disclosure of all share transactions was made publicly available and can be consulted on the company’s website (https://fl-entertainment.com/) under the section «Investor Relations».AgendaFY 2022 results: 16 March 2023Investor RelationsCaroline Cohen – Phone: +33 1 44 95 23 34 – c.cohen@flentertainment.comPress RelationsAnne-France Malrieu - afmalrieu@image7.frAbout FL EntertainmentFounded by Stéphane Courbit  a 30-year entertainment industry pioneer and entrepreneur  FL Entertainment Group is a global leader in multimedia content and gambling  combining the strengths of Banijay  the world’s largest independent producer distributor  with Betclic Everest Group  the fastest-growing online sports betting platform in Europe. In 2021  FL Entertainment recorded through Banijay and Betclic Everest Group  a combined revenue  and adjusted EBITDA  of €3.5bn and €609m respectively. FL Entertainment listed on Euronext Amsterdam in July 2022.ISIN: NL0015000X07 - Bloomberg: FLE NA - Reuters: FLE.ASAttachment,neutral,0.03,0.97,0.0,positive,0.87,0.13,0.01,True,English,"['weekly share transactions', 'FL Entertainment', 'Trade Date Side Total Daily Volume', 'growing online sports betting platform', 'largest independent producer distributor', 'Transactions Market Identification Code', '30-year entertainment industry pioneer', 'FL Entertainment N.V.', 'Average Price Amount', 'Stéphane Courbit', 'Betclic Everest Group', 'FLE.AS Attachment', 'FL Entertainment Group', 'Share Transactions Disclosure', 'following transactions', 'FLE NA', 'Press Release', 'annual meeting', 'Investor Relations', 'FY 2022 results', 'Press Relations', 'Anne-France Malrieu', 'global leader', 'multimedia content', 'combined revenue', 'adjusted EBITDA', 'Euronext Amsterdam', 'Caroline Cohen', 'Paris', 'February', 'shares', 'accordance', 'authorization', 'shareholder', 'June', 'Number', 'BUY', 'XAMS', 'SELL', 'company', 'website', 'section', 'Agenda', '16 March', 'Phone', 'flentertainment', 'image', 'strengths', 'Banijay', 'world', 'Europe', 'July', 'ISIN', 'Bloomberg', 'Reuters']",2023-02-20,2023-02-20,finance.yahoo.com
18834,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/business-combination-advanced-cables-200800631.html,Update on Business Combination with Advanced Cables,DISRUPTIVE CAPITAL ACQUISITION COMPANY LIMITED(“DCAC or the Company”)Update on Business Combination with Advanced Cablesin Respect ofDCAC Shareholders (ISIN ...,DISRUPTIVE CAPITAL ACQUISITION COMPANY LIMITED(“DCAC or the Company”)Update on Business Combination with Advanced Cablesin Respect ofDCAC Shareholders (ISIN Code GG00BMB5XZ39) andDCAC Public Warrant Holders (ISIN Code GG00BMB5XY22)20 February 2023THIS PRESS RELEASE CONTAINS INFORMATION THAT QUALIFIES OR MAY HAVEQUALIFIED AS INSIDE INFORMATION WITHIN THE MEANING OF ARTICLE 7(1) OF THE EUMARKET ABUSE REGULATION.NOT FOR RELEASE  PUBLICATION OR DISTRIBUTION  DIRECTLY OR INDIRECTLY  IN ORINTO THE UNITED STATES  AUSTRALIA  CANADA  JAPAN  SOUTH AFRICA OR ANY OTHERJURISDICTION WHERE TO DO SO WOULD CONSTITUTE A VIOLATION OF THE RELEVANTLAWS OR REGULATIONS OF SUCH JURISDICTION. ANY FAILURE TO COMPLY WITH THESERESTRICTIONS MAY CONSTITUTE A VIOLATION OF APPLICABLE SECURITIES LAWSAs stated in all the recent shareholder communications  DCAC has continued to explore possibleBusiness Combination targets.We now inform shareholders that DCAC has today in principle agreed to combine DCAC with thetarget business in the energy infrastructure sector  Advanced Cables  following the receipt of supportfrom the UK government’s Department of International Trade (“DIT”) for the company’s plans  andwith the support of Advanced Cables’ shareholders and other interested parties.There is no guarantee that the Advanced Cables purchase agreement will be consummated  not least itis subject to further regulatory and governmental approvals or  at the least  ‘non-objection’. However shareholders contemplating submitting tenders under either the Repurchase Offer or the Stub TenderOffer should bear this progress in mind when making their decisions.DCAC Ordinary Shareholders and DCAC Warrant holders are strongly recommended to read theentirety of this document. Should they be in any doubt  then they should seek advice from a qualifiedprofessional.Advanced CablesThe shareholders of Advanced Cables have confirmed their intent to enter into a business combinationwith DCAC (the “Advanced Cables Business Combination”) by granting DCAC first refusal toacquire all their shares for between 375 million and 400 million Swiss Francs1  subject to theconditions below. DCAC has completed its due diligence on Advanced Cables and the proposedtransaction has been approved by the boards of both DCAC and of Advanced Cables  including thepositive agreement of the independent directors of both companies. Once important governmentaland regulatory approvals have been satisfied  DCAC will issue further information to its shareholders.Whilst DIT has demonstrated its support  there is no guarantee that regulatory and/or furthergovernmental approvals  permits and authorisations  or at the least ‘non-objections’  will beforthcoming.Story continuesObjectivesThe purpose of the potential listing is to diversify Advanced Cables’ shareholder base  raise its profileand to have the opportunity to use listed shares to merge with complementary businesses in its largemarket segment. Advanced Cables and DCAC are exploring several opportunities to acquire thedivisions of large companies in its own and adjacent asset-rich spheres of operations  although thiscannot be guaranteed. Whilst no further capital is likely to be required to put into effect the BusinessCombination  in due course  a Further Primary Capital raise is anticipated (as noted below)  whichAdvanced Cables believes will be best achieved via the capital markets.Advanced Cables aims first to supply the burgeoning demand for HVDC cables to connect renewablepower generation to the onshore grids; and then to foster the interconnection of national grids acrossborders. This ESG goal-enhancing sector requires many billions in capital investment to expand anddeliver on the transition to NetZero; to facilitate the renewal and transformation of legacyinfrastructure; and to rise to the challenge of fighting climate change. Advanced Cables is developingworld-class cable manufacturing operations to serve these sectors  whose development is beinghampered by a severe shortage of high-quality cable. This under-invested sector has historicallydelivered strong returns on capital; and high operational margins offer the prospect of resilient longtermflows of cash earnings and thus the potential for strong dividend flows to DCAC shareholders.To date  capital constrained cable manufacturers have been unable to grasp the opportunity that theirproduction of the key component for their customers affords  in terms of taking stakes in the projectsthat their customers are developing. Nor have they teamed up with those customers to mutualadvantage. Advanced Cables has been engaged in close discussions with international grid operatorsand project developers  with whom it expects to co-invest. Capital growth may potentially come fromthe deployment of capital and expertise into building out into under-served markets; harnessing capitaland strategic stakebuilding to vertically integrate and capture and expand existing internationalopportunities; and to transform legacy business models  with the efficiencies of bringing proventechnology and expertise to bear in large scale.It is DCAC’s contention that governments and regulators prefer to see a publicly listed operation having the benefit of being subject to transparency and governance requirements. The DCAC boardand special advisers bring to Advanced Cables a strong pedigree of successfully implementing a ‘buybuild-transform’ investment philosophy within a framework of strong governance  spanning theprivate  publicly listed and state-owned entities. A highly experienced independent leading sectorexpert will be appointed to chair the DCAC board  in the event that the proposed BusinessCombination proceeds.The board of DCAC wish to share the benefits of its Euronext Amsterdam listing with all those DCACOrdinary Shareholders and DCAC Warrant holders who have supported the recent reconstruction  notleast by capturing a premium to the current net asset value to reflect the value of the listing. Theestimated Net Asset Value as at 15th Feb 2023 was £10.27 per DCAC Ordinary Share  being the netcash after the payment of liabilities as set out in the Shareholder Circular.However  given the smaller size of the Advanced Cables proposal than the targets originallyenvisaged  including Saxo Bank at some €2.0 to €2.2 billion  the DCAC board and Sponsors believeit is appropriate to reduce the dilution from the Sponsor’s ‘promote’  being the package of SponsorShares and Sponsor Warrants.Acquisition TermsThe terms of the agreements agreed in principle for the proposed Advanced Cables BusinessCombination would initially comprise a sale of Advanced Cables to DCAC in exchange for the issueof DCAC Shares at a price of GBP 11.50 per DCAC Share.The DCAC Shares would come from a combination of the issue of new DCAC Shares and Shares held intreasury. DCAC will be the ongoing Euronext Amsterdam listed entity  subject to the admission of thenew Shares to listing.Conditions Precedent applying to DCACThe proposed agreement with Advanced Cables is predicated upon  inter alia  that:(i) DCAC shareholders approve the Advanced Cables Business Combination (by shareholder voteas retained in the Amended Articles).(ii) Changes are made to reduce the Sponsor promote arrangements (as below) and  potentially to reward the Advanced Cables management rather than the Sponsors by the transfer ofSponsor Warrants to the Advanced Cables management incentive plan.(iii) The DCAC Shares and Warrants continue to be listed on Euronext Amsterdam and that DCACmaintains sufficient external shareholders to satisfy any ‘free float’ requirements of EuronextAmsterdam. As Advanced Cables would have ±89% of the enlarged share capital  and theSponsor Group over 5%  this is estimated to amount to at least 1 750 000 shares being inpublic hands  post such Advanced Cables Business Combination.(iv) The Amended Articles contain an obligation on the Company that  in case the Company intendsto consummate a Business Combination with a target or business that is affiliated with a holderof Sponsor Shares or a director  the remaining non-affiliated director(s) either (i) obtains anopinion from an independent investment banking firm and/or (ii) procures that persons that arenot affiliated to  managed by or advised by a holder of Sponsor Shares or any Insider (or anyof its affiliates) subscribe for new shares or interests (a) in the target or business the subject ofa Business Combination at the same time and price and on the same terms as the Company or(b) in the Company at the same time and price and on the same terms the Company is proposingto issue such shares or interests to the vendors of and/or persons connected to the target orbusiness the subject of a Business Combination.As related parties hold shares in both DCAC and Advanced Cables  it is intended to addressthese conflicts of interests as follows:a. The non-affiliated directors of both Advanced Cables and DCAC have today approvedentering into substantive discussionsb. An independent investment banking firm is being appointed to provide a fairnessopinion.c. The valuation will also be subject to an independent review by the auditors.d. Certain independent Advanced Cables shareholders intend to acquire additional AdvancedCables shares shortly before Business Combinatione. Independent investors have indicated that they intend to acquire additional DCACshares on Business Combination.Changes to Sponsor Shares and Sponsor WarrantsThe Advanced Cables board and shareholders have demanded as a pre-condition of the agreement and the DCAC Board and Sponsor group have agreed in principle  the following changes to theSponsor promote arrangements:(i) The Sponsor Group will place all the DCAC Sponsor Warrants into an Advanced CablesManagement MIP. The DCAC Board believes that this will benefit all DCAC and formerAdvanced Cables shareholders not least to ensure an alignment of interest with AdvancedCables management.(ii) These ex-Sponsor Warrants and the Over-Subscription Warrants held by the Sponsor bechanged to remove the cashless exercise option  and so make them capable of cash exerciseonly.(iii) The second tranche of Founder Shares  representing approximately 10% of the total number ofOrdinary Shares .. only [granted] if the closing price of the Ordinary Shares equals or exceeds GBP13.00 per Ordinary Share  be cancelled and so no longer dilute other DCAC and formerAdvanced Cables shareholders.First Tranche of Sponsor SharesThe Advanced Cables Business Combination Agreement does not propose to change the shareholdingposition from the Prospectus for the first tranche of Sponsor Shares  so potentially giving DCACSponsors 1.5625 million Shares if the conditions are met:Post-Business Combination Completion Date  a triggering event occurs for the issuance of the first tranche ofSponsor Shares representing approximately 10% of the total number of Ordinary Shares issued to the OrdinaryShareholders [at IPO]  only if the closing price of the Ordinary Shares equals or exceeds GBP 10.00 per OrdinaryShare  for any 20 Trading Days within a 30 Trading Day period.Shareholder ConsentDCAC will distribute a shareholder circular to seek shareholder consent to the Advanced CablesBusiness Combination from its shareholders  only once the governmental and regulatoryconfirmations have been received.DCAC Ordinary Shareholders will be able to vote only on such DCAC Ordinary Shares as they retainat the record date of such future EGM to consider the Advanced Cables Business Combination.No Secondary PlacingIf the proposals are approved  the Advanced Cables shareholders  who include related parties includingRTE International  will enter into customary lock up arrangements.Primary Capital Raisings envisaged post Advanced CablesSecondary ListingDCAC further intends within the next three months to seek a secondary listing on NASDAQ OMX as well as benefitting from the Euronext network of exchanges across EuropeImpact of Cash exercise of WarrantsCashless conversion does not apply to Public Warrants. Therefore  the cash exercise of Warrants when combined with the changes to ex-Sponsor Warrants and the Over-Subscription Warrants held bythe Sponsor  to make them capable of cash exercise only  could result in up to £98.68 million of freshcash coming into DCAC.DCAC intends to offer improvements in the warrant terms to reward early exercise in conjunctionwith a ‘rights issue’ and open offer.Possible Rights Issue and Open OfferNo primary capital is expected to be required in the near term  as long as DCAC maintains sufficientexternal shareholders to satisfy any ‘free float’ requirements of Euronext Amsterdam. This isestimated  post-Advanced Cables to amount to at least 1 750 000 shares in public hands  subject toconfirmation by Euronext Amsterdam.However  to enhance liquidity and to provide capital for further expansion and growth  in particularto secure both its manufacturing and the offtakers for its key outputs for several years to come Advanced Cables is in the process of and currently intends by the end of May 2023 to raise GBP 318million in the form of debt and equity.Major strategic operators have indicated their intentions to subscribe equity to an operationalsubsidiary of Advanced Cables; and a leading commercial bank that it will lend up to GBP 180 millionto the cable manufacturing operation  albeit on the condition that the bank enjoys the support of UKgovernment entities. DIT has been instrumental in assisting with these discussions. Were suchindications to be consummated  then the fundraising at the DCAC level would be of the order of GBP50 to 70 million. Strategic customers have indicated their willingness to contract with AdvancedCables and to invest via DCAC to secure their supply chain and so assure the delivery of their majorprojects.To the extent that further funding is required  notably after the possible early exercise of DCACWarrants  then it is currently intended that new DCAC Ordinary Shares and/or Convertible Loans willbe issued. The intended offer price is in the range of GBP 13.00 to 16.00 per DCAC Ordinary Share.The terms of any possible Convertible Loan have yet to be determined.To reward early exercise  it is intended that DCAC Warrant holders who exercise their warrants forcash at the time of the proposed Offer will be given a discount on the exercise price to reflect the timevalue of their warrant. The terms of any such discount have yet to be determined.The stated intentions of DCAC are that it will grant pre-emption rights to subscribe for new shares inthe Company to provide any funding requirement  before DCAC goes out to the wider market.Therefore  DCAC intends that first refusal will be given to current DCAC shareholders and to formerAdvanced Cables shareholders  including the Truell Conservation Foundation2 and Long TermAssets3  to subscribe at GBP 12.50 per new Ordinary Share.Status of the Repurchase OfferCopies of the Repurchase Tender Document and the Stub Tender Offer Circular are available onDCAC's website: www.disruptivecapitalac.com.Under the Repurchase Offer (as defined and undertaken pursuant to the Repurchase Tender Documentissued by the Company on 25 January 2023)  shareholders have been eligible to submit tenders aheadof the final date for tenders to be submitted  being the 22nd February 2023.DCAC Shareholders contemplating submitting tenders under the Repurchase Offer should bear theCompany’s progress in mind when making their decisions.Under the Advanced Cables Business Combination arrangements  if so approved  it is intended thatDCAC Ordinary Shares are to be issued at GBP 11.50 per Share.As of today 20th February 2023  GBP 69 446 789 of tenders have been or are in the process of beingsettled  all at a price of GBP 10.789 per share.The repurchased DCAC Ordinary Shares will be held as Treasury Shares  pending prospective reissueunder the Advanced Cables Business Combination. The Company confirms that  once these repurchaseshave been settled  the Company will have 64% of its share capital outstanding in public hands.Stub Tender OfferShareholders contemplating submitting tenders under the Stub Tender Offer should bear the Company’sprogress in mind when making their decisions.The maximum price on offer under the Stub Tender Offer is £2.20 per DCAC Ordinary Share  whichcompares to the last trading price of £10.00 per DCAC Ordinary Share  the Repurchase Offer price of£10.789 per DCAC Ordinary Share; and now the in principle agreement to issue DCAC Ordinary Sharesat £11.50 per DCAC Ordinary Shares.The estimated Net Asset Value as at 15th Feb 2023 was £10.27 per DCAC Ordinary Share.Accompanying Stub WarrantsShareholders contemplating submitting tenders of the accompanying Warrants under the Stub TenderOffer should bear the Company’s progress in mind when making their decisions.As under the Advanced Cables Business Combination arrangements  if so approved  it is intended thatDCAC Ordinary Shares be issued at GBP 11.50 per Share  being equivalent to the Warrant exercise price it is likely that the Warrants will trade at a level reflecting an ‘at the money’ option with 5 years maturity.Whilst it is difficult to predict this trading level with any certainty  it may be a multiple of the value beingoffered under the Stub Tender Offer.AdvisersDCAC has invited JP Morgan to act as adviser to the proposals. This invitation is being examinedand may or may not be accepted.Advanced Cables already has in place a full suite of advisers  including Afry  Red Penguin  and Aecom.Possible fallback Business CombinationIn the light of the experience with Saxo Bank and the inevitable uncertainties around closing theAdvanced Cables transaction  DCAC continues to be in discussions on undertaking a BusinessCombination with a target business operating in the financial services sector. Both targets haveheadquarters and principal operations in Western and/or Northern Europe.We recommend that shareholders take careful heed of the positive impact these proposals may bringto the Company; and DCAC looks forward to being in contact with further information.Edmund TruellCEO  DCACAbout DCACDCAC is a special purpose acquisition company incorporated on 29 April 2021 under the CompaniesLaw as a non-cellular company limited by shares. DCAC was created for the purpose of completing amerger  amalgamation  share exchange  asset and/or liability acquisition  share purchase  reorganisationor similar business combination with a target business or entity.DCAC's leadership team comprises executive directors: Edmund Truell (Chief Executive Officer); nonexecutivedirectors: Wolf Becke (Chair/Independent Non-Executive Director)  and Roger Le Tissier(Non-Executive Director); and special advisers: Dimitri Goulandris  Kari Stadigh and Luke Webster.DCAC was launched by Disruptive Capital GP Limited  a Guernsey investment firm licensed by theGuernsey Financial Services Commission to carry on controlled investment business under theProtection of Investors (Bailiwick of Guernsey) Law  2020. Disruptive Capital GP was founded byEdmund Truell and his late brother  Daniel Truell  former CIO of the Wellcome Trust charitableendowment. Following his death  the firm is now owned by the de Boucaud Truell Inter-GenerationalFLP and the Truell Conservation Foundation  a UK registered charity  set up to ‘make money for charityby being good investors’.The initial public offering of DCAC took place on 6 October 2021. DCAC successfully completed theDCAC IPO  raising £125 million from new investors. Pursuant to reorganisation plans  to date some£69 million has been returned to shareholders at a price of GBP 10.789 per DCAC Ordinary Share.The DCAC Ordinary Shares and DCAC Warrants are currently separately listed and traded on EuronextAmsterdam under the ISIN GG00BMB5XZ39 and symbol DCACS for the DCAC Ordinary Shares andISIN GG00BMB5XY22 and symbol DCACW for the DCAC Warrants.A copy of this release is available on the Company’s website: www.disruptivecapitalac.comEnquiries to:Edi Truell  CEOtruell@disruptivecapital.com+41 79 953 8396ordisruptive@admina.ggRegistered office:First Floor10 Lefebvre StreetSt Peter PortGuernseyGY1 2PEMedia inquiries:James CulverhouseEQJames.culverhouse@eqcorp.co+44 20 7223 1100+44 7912 508 3221 As of 18th February 2023  the Swiss Franc / GBP exchange rate is 1.11  so SwFr400m equates to GBP 360m2 being a UK registered charity with related party trustee3 a fund controlled by related parties  including the charity; and managed by Disruptive Capital GP,neutral,0.11,0.89,0.0,mixed,0.4,0.13,0.47,True,English,"['Business Combination', 'Advanced Cables', 'Update', 'DISRUPTIVE CAPITAL ACQUISITION COMPANY LIMITED', 'Further Primary Capital raise', 'world-class cable manufacturing operations', 'capital constrained cable manufacturers', 'DCAC Public Warrant Holders', 'Advanced Cables’ shareholder base', 'Advanced Cables purchase agreement', 'Advanced Cables Business Combination', 'recent shareholder communications', 'MARKET ABUSE REGULATION', 'adjacent asset-rich spheres', 'high operational margins', 'resilient longterm flows', 'DCAC Warrant holders', 'international grid operators', 'large market segment', 'strong dividend flows', 'ESG goal-enhancing sector', 'existing international opportunities', 'Business Combination targets', 'APPLICABLE SECURITIES LAWS', 'other interested parties', '400 million Swiss Francs', 'energy infrastructure sector', 'DCAC first refusal', 'Advanced Cables’ shareholders', 'DCAC Ordinary Shareholders', 'high-quality cable', 'positive agreement', 'International Trade', 'target business', 'several opportunities', 'legacy infrastructure', 'strong returns', 'HVDC cables', 'capital investment', 'Capital growth', 'ISIN Code', 'UNITED STATES', 'SOUTH AFRICA', 'UK government', 'Stub Tender', 'due diligence', 'independent directors', 'important governmental', 'complementary businesses', 'large companies', 'due course', 'burgeoning demand', 'power generation', 'onshore grids', 'national grids', 'many billions', 'climate change', 'severe shortage', 'cash earnings', 'key component', 'mutual advantage', 'close discussions', 'project developers', 'strategic stakebuilding', 'capital markets', 'PRESS RELEASE', 'Repurchase Offer', 'potential listing', 'listed shares', 'DCAC Shareholders', 'INSIDE INFORMATION', 'regulatory approvals', '375 million', 'Update', 'Respect', '20 February', 'QUALIFIES', 'MEANING', 'EU', 'DISTRIBUTION', 'AUSTRALIA', 'CANADA', 'JAPAN', 'JURISDICTION', 'VIOLATION', 'RELEVANT', 'REGULATIONS', 'SUCH', 'FAILURE', 'RESTRICTIONS', 'possible', 'principle', 'receipt', 'support', 'Department', 'DIT', 'plans', 'guarantee', 'objection', 'tenders', 'progress', 'mind', 'decisions', 'entirety', 'document', 'doubt', 'advice', 'qualified', 'intent', 'transaction', 'boards', 'permits', 'authorisations', 'Story', 'Objectives', 'purpose', 'profile', 'opportunity', 'divisions', 'effect', 'renewable', 'interconnection', 'borders', 'transition', 'NetZero', 'renewal', 'transformation', 'challenge', 'sectors', 'development', 'prospect', 'production', 'customers', 'terms', 'stakes', 'projects', 'deployment', 'expertise', 'served']",2023-02-20,2023-02-20,finance.yahoo.com
18835,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/dsm-delivery-shares-203000574.html,DSM - delivery of shares,Following the Offering Circular published on 22 November 2022  Royal DSM is required to announce transactions relating to the ordinary shares in its capital ...,This is a press release by Koninklijke DSM N.V. (Royal DSM)  pursuant to the provisions of Sections 13 paragraphs 1 and 2 of the Dutch Decree on Public Takeover Bids (Besluit openbare biedingen Wft) (the Decree) in connection with the public offer by Danube AG (to be renamed DSM-Firmenich AG) for all the issued and outstanding ordinary shares in the capital of DSM (the Exchange Offer). This press release does not constitute an offer  or any solicitation of any offer  to buy or subscribe for any securities. This press release is not for general release  publication or distribution  in whole or in part  in or into  directly or indirectly  the United States or any other jurisdiction where such release  publication or distribution would violate applicable laws or regulations.HEERLEN  Netherlands  Feb. 20  2023 /PRNewswire/ --Following the Offering Circular published on 22 November 2022  Royal DSM is required to announce transactions relating to the ordinary shares in its capital in accordance with the Dutch public offer rules. This includes the delivery of treasury shares to employees in view of settling the vesting of share units or the exercise of stock options.DSM Logo.Pursuant to commitments entered into prior to issuing the Offering Circular  DSM has on 20 February 2023  delivered 540 ordinary shares to employees in view of settling the exercise of an equivalent number of stock options granted under the respective DSM Incentive Plan (average exercise price €94.61). On the date hereof  the total number of issued and outstanding DSM ordinary shares is 173 126 665. As a consequence of the delivery included herein  the number of outstanding DSM ordinary shares increased by 0.0003%.DSMRoyal DSM is a global  purpose-led company in Health  Nutrition & Bioscience  applying science to improve the health of people  animals and the planet. DSM's purpose is to create brighter lives for all. DSM's products and solutions address some of the world's biggest challenges while simultaneously creating economic  environmental and societal value for all its stakeholders – customers  employees  shareholders  and society at large. The company was founded in 1902 and is listed on Euronext Amsterdam. More information can be found at www.dsm.com.Story continuesOr find us on:LinkedIn: http://www.linkedin.com/company/3108Twitter: http://www.twitter.com/DSMFacebook: http://www.facebook.com/DSMcompanyYouTube: http://www.youtube.com/user/dsmcompanyFor more informationDSM Media Relations Gareth Mead tel. +31 (0) 45 5782420 email media.contacts@dsm.com DSM Investor Relations Dave Huizing tel. +31 (0) 45 5782864 email investor.relations@dsm.comForward-looking statementsThis press release may contain forward-looking statements with respect to DSM's future (financial) performance and position. Such statements are based on current expectations  estimates and projections of DSM and information currently available to the company. DSM cautions readers that such statements involve certain risks and uncertainties that are difficult to predict and therefore it should be understood that many factors can cause actual performance and position to differ materially from these statements. DSM has no obligation to update the statements contained in this press release  unless required by law. The English language version of the press release is leading.Logo - https://mma.prnewswire.com/media/329419/dsm_logo.jpgCisionView original content:https://www.prnewswire.co.uk/news-releases/dsm---delivery-of-shares-301751074.html,neutral,0.02,0.98,0.0,mixed,0.38,0.21,0.42,True,English,"['DSM', 'delivery', 'shares', 'DSM Media Relations Gareth Mead', 'DSM Investor Relations Dave Huizing', 'Koninklijke DSM N.V.', 'respective DSM Incentive Plan', 'Dutch public offer rules', 'outstanding DSM ordinary shares', 'outstanding ordinary shares', 'Public Takeover Bids', 'English language version', 'future (financial) performance', 'average exercise price', 'global, purpose-led company', '540 ordinary shares', 'treasury shares', 'Dutch Decree', 'actual performance', 'Royal DSM', 'Sections 13 paragraphs', 'biedingen Wft', 'Danube AG', 'Exchange Offer', 'United States', 'other jurisdiction', 'applicable laws', 'Offering Circular', 'share units', 'stock options', 'brighter lives', 'biggest challenges', 'economic, environmental', 'societal value', 'Euronext Amsterdam', 'current expectations', 'many factors', 'original content', 'press release', 'general release', 'DSM Logo', 'equivalent number', 'total number', 'Forward-looking statements', 'Such statements', 'More information', 'provisions', 'connection', 'capital', 'solicitation', 'securities', 'publication', 'distribution', 'part', 'regulations', 'HEERLEN', 'Netherlands', 'Feb.', '22 November', 'transactions', 'accordance', 'delivery', 'employees', 'view', 'vesting', 'commitments', '20 February', 'date', 'consequence', 'Health', 'Nutrition', 'Bioscience', 'people', 'animals', 'planet', 'products', 'solutions', 'world', 'stakeholders', 'customers', 'shareholders', 'society', 'Story', 'LinkedIn', 'Twitter', 'Facebook', 'DSMcompany', 'YouTube', 'position', 'estimates', 'projections', 'readers', 'risks', 'uncertainties', 'obligation', 'Cision', 'prnewswire', 'news-releases']",2023-02-20,2023-02-20,finance.yahoo.com
18836,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/italy-working-measures-boost-milan-114304582.html,Italy working on measures to boost Milan bourse's allure,Italy is readying measures to address the issues holding back the country's capital markets and reinforce the role of the 200-year-old Borsa Italiana...,"By Giuseppe FonteROME (Reuters) - Italy is readying measures to address the issues holding back the country's capital markets and reinforce the role of the 200-year-old Borsa Italiana  according to government officials and a draft bill seen by Reuters on Monday.With an overall capitalisation of around 680 billion euros ($726.3 billion)  the value of companies listed on Milan's bourse lags far behind European Union peers.Last year 15 companies abandoned Euronext Milan  including the infrastructure group Atlantia and Agnelli family's holding company Exor  with six newcomers to compensate for exits.Some of those which delisted were drawn to other bourses  notably Amsterdam  where regulations help leading shareholders to preserve a tight grip on companies.Adding to the challenge  Italy's family-run businesses are unwilling to relinquish control by listing unless they need cash for M&A or other expansion strategies.""We aim to present a bill in parliament by April to strengthen Milan's ability to encourage listing "" Treasury junior minister Federico Freni told Reuters.Prime Minister Giorgia Meloni's government plans to adopt some proposals studied under the previous administration led by Mario Draghi  Freni added without giving details.To boost initial public offerings (IPOs) in Milan  the draft bill includes measures to simplify the listing process  which current rules companies say make it costly and cumbersome to provide adequate risk disclosure for investors.EASING SELF-PLACEMENTRome could also allow a wide range of firms to benefit from the simplifications and incentives already provided for small and medium-sized enterprises (SMEs) which plan to list.""SME qualification is currently envisaged when capitalisation does not exceed 500 million euros: such a threshold would be increased to 1 billion euros "" the draft showed.A further measure would scrap a provision designed to protect savers that holds staff of regulators such as market watchdog Consob liable for damages. This would make only the institution liable while shielding its employees including top executives  a move the Treasury believes could speed up the listing process.Story continuesThe bill also proposes restricting the liability of listing companies to cases of serious misconduct that damage investor interests due to information included in the IPO documents.In addition  the scheme reinforces the possibility of bypassing the formal IPO process through a so-called self-placement  which sees a company sell shares directly  saving the money required to line up underwriters as middlemen.As part of a drive to boost funding sources other than bank credit  a measure being discussed would allow companies to issue bonds for an amount exceeding the current limit of twice the share capital  provided that these notes were bought by professional investors.($1 = 0.9362 euros)(Reporting by Giuseppe Fonte in Rome  additional reporting by Elisa Anzolin in Milan; Editing by Emelia Sithole-Matarise)",positive,0.71,0.29,0.0,mixed,0.16,0.1,0.74,True,English,"['Milan bourse', 'Italy', 'measures', 'allure', 'Treasury junior minister Federico Freni', 'Prime Minister Giorgia Meloni', '200-year-old Borsa Italiana', 'European Union peers', 'initial public offerings', 'adequate risk disclosure', 'other expansion strategies', 'formal IPO process', 'current rules companies', 'other bourses', 'IPO documents', 'current limit', 'listing process', 'Giuseppe Fonte', 'capital markets', 'infrastructure group', 'Agnelli family', 'six newcomers', 'tight grip', 'family-run businesses', 'M&A', 'previous administration', 'Mario Draghi', 'wide range', 'medium-sized enterprises', 'SME qualification', 'market watchdog', 'top executives', 'serious misconduct', 'investor interests', 'funding sources', 'bank credit', 'share capital', 'additional reporting', 'Elisa Anzolin', 'Emelia Sithole-Matarise', '680 billion euros', '500 million euros', '1 billion euros', 'government officials', 'overall capitalisation', 'holding company', 'EASING SELF-PLACEMENT', 'professional investors', 'listing companies', 'Euronext Milan', 'draft bill', '0.9362 euros', '15 companies', 'ROME', 'Reuters', 'Italy', 'measures', 'issues', 'country', 'role', 'Monday', 'value', 'Atlantia', 'Exor', 'exits', 'Amsterdam', 'regulations', 'shareholders', 'challenge', 'control', 'cash', 'parliament', 'April', 'ability', 'proposals', 'details', 'IPOs', 'firms', 'simplifications', 'incentives', 'small', 'SMEs', 'threshold', 'provision', 'savers', 'staff', 'regulators', 'Consob', 'damages', 'institution', 'employees', 'move', 'Story', 'cases', 'information', 'scheme', 'possibility', 'shares', 'money', 'underwriters', 'middlemen', 'part', 'drive', 'bonds', 'amount', 'notes', 'Editing']",2023-02-20,2023-02-20,finance.yahoo.com
18837,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/share-repurchase-program-kbc-ancora-164000071.html,Update on share repurchase program KBC Ancora until 17 February 2023,Regulated information  inside information  Leuven  20 February 2023 (17:40 CET) Update on share repurchase program KBC Ancora until 17 February 2023 As part ...,KBC AncoraRegulated information  inside information  Leuven  20 February 2023 (17:40 CET)Update on share repurchase program KBC Ancora until 17 February 2023As part of the EUR 50 million share repurchase program  as confirmed on 20 May 2022  KBC Ancora has announced that it bought back a total of 34 500 shares in the period from 13 February 2023 to 17 February 2023.The following transactions were carried out during the period in question:Transaction date Number of shares Average price (EUR) Lowest price (EUR) Highest price (EUR) Total amount (EUR) Mon 13 February 2023 7 000 49.13 48.70 49.86 343 892.50 Tue 14 February 2023 7 000 49.06 48.94 49.42 343 454.30 Wed 15 February 2023 7 500 48.58 48.08 48.80 364 364.25 Thu 16 February 2023 6 000 49.45 48.92 49.54 296 692.20 Fri 17 February 2023 7 000 49.05 48.78 49.26 343 382.20 TOTAL (period concerned) 34 500 49.04 48.08 49.86 1 691 785.45 TOTAL (overall repurchase program) 1 164 215 37.75 31.68 49.86 43 954 774.82All transactions were carried out in the central order book of Euronext Brussels.Since the start of the share repurchase program on 10 June 2022  KBC Ancora has bought back 1 164 215 of its own shares  or 1.49% of the total number of shares issued (i.e. 78 301 314)  for an average price of 37.75 euros per share and for a total amount of 43 954 775 euros. KBC Ancora has currently implemented 87.91% of the repurchase program.The repurchase program runs within the limits of the share repurchase authorization granted by the Extraordinary General Meeting of Shareholders on 30 October 2020.---------------------------------KBC Ancora is a listed company that holds 18.6% of the shares in KBC Group. Together with Cera  MRBB and the Other Permanent Shareholders  it ensures shareholder stability and the ongoing development of the KBC Group. As core shareholders of KBC Group  they have concluded a shareholders’ agreement to this end.Financial calendar:01 September 2023 Annual press release for the financial year 2022/202326 September 2023 Annual Report for the financial year 2022/2023 available27 October 2023 General Meeting of ShareholdersStory continuesThis press release is available in Dutch  French and English on the website www.kbcancora.be.KBC Ancora Investor Relations & Press contact: Jan BergmansTel. +32 (0)16 27 96 72email: jan.bergmans@kbcancora.be or mailbox@kbcancora.beAttachment,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,neutral,0.02,0.97,0.01,True,English,"['share repurchase program', 'KBC Ancora', 'Update', '17 February', 'EUR 50 million share repurchase program', 'KBC Ancora Investor Relations', 'central order book', 'share repurchase authorization', 'Extraordinary General Meeting', 'Other Permanent Shareholders', 'Annual press release', 'Annual Report', 'Press contact', 'KBC Group', 'Transaction date', 'Average price', 'Lowest price', 'Highest price', 'Euronext Brussels', 'listed company', 'shareholder stability', 'ongoing development', 'Financial calendar', 'financial year', 'Jan Bergmans', 'jan.bergmans', 'core shareholders', 'shareholders’ agreement', 'Regulated information', 'following transactions', 'Total amount', 'Fri 17 February', 'total number', '20 February', '13 February', '14 February', '15 February', 'Leuven', 'Update', 'part', '20 May', '34,500 shares', 'period', 'question', 'Mon', 'Wed', 'start', '10 June', '37.75 euros', '43,954,775 euros', 'limits', '30 October', 'Cera', 'MRBB', '01 September', '26 September', '27 October', 'Story', 'Dutch', 'French', 'English', 'website', 'Tel.', 'email', 'kbcancora', 'mailbox', 'Attachment']",2023-02-20,2023-02-20,finance.yahoo.com
18838,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2023/02/20/2611536/0/en/NFL-Biosciences-receives-1-7-million-in-Avance-Innovation-funding-from-Bpifrance.html,NFL Biosciences receives € 1.7 million in « Avance Innovation » funding from Bpifrance,NFL Biosciences receives €1.7 million in « Avance Innovation » funding from Bpifrance   NFL BIOSCIENCES (Euronext Growth Paris – FR0014003XT0 – ALNFL) ...,"French EnglishNFL Biosciences receives €1.7 million in « Avance Innovation » funding from BpifranceNFL BIOSCIENCES (Euronext Growth Paris – FR0014003XT0 – ALNFL)  a biopharmaceutical company developing botanical drugs for the treatment of addictions  and particularly NFL-101  its drug candidate for smoking cessation  is announcing that it has obtained financing for a total of €1.7 million  granted by Bpifrance and financed by the French government as part of the Programme d'Investissements d'Avenir.Ignacio Faus  CEO of NFL Biosciences commented: “This is a very good start of the year for NFL Biosciences. Our cash flow horizon now extends to the end of Q3 2024. Following the success of our capital increase of approximately €3 million at the end of January and the granting by Bpifrance of an ""Avance innovation"" aid for a total of €1.7 million and financed by the French government within the framework of the ""Programme d'Investissements d'Avenir""  we have the appropriate resources to reach the key validation milestones of our two main clinical programs for NFL-101 in the third and fourth quarters of 2023. We will also advance the development of NFL-301. We would like to thank Bpifrance for its commitment to innovative companies and will continue to pay close attention to the efficient allocation of these resources.”€1.5 million “Avance Récupérable” for the CESTO II studyTo complete the CESTO II clinical study designed to evaluate the efficacy and safety of its NFL-101 treatment as a smoking cessation therapy  NFL Biosciences has been granted an innovation advance of €1 500 000 as part of the Programme d'Investissement d'Avenir 4 of the France 2030 plan. €1.05 million will be received upon signature of the final contract as a recoverable advance  and the balance upon request by NFL Biosciences upon completion of the study. The signature of the contract took place today.At the end of the CESTO II clinical study  NFL Biosciences will have to provide Bpifrance with a technical and economic report  an account of its execution and results  and a summary of the expenses incurred. In case of success  NFL Biosciences will reimburse this aid as of the 4th quarter of 2025 at a rate of €75 000 per quarter  i.e. until the 3rd quarter of 2030. This aid does not give rise to the payment of interest. In the event that the project’s final report would lead to a request by the company to designate the project either a failure or a partial success  NFL Biosciences may  upon approval by Bpifrance  be released from 60% of its repayment obligations or the repayment conditions may be adapted by Bpifrance.CESTO II is a Phase II/III clinical study which aims to include 318 smokers in order to demonstrate the efficacy of NFL-101 against a placebo and to choose the most effective dose. Nine clinical investigation centers are currently participating in the study: Bordeaux  Clermont-Ferrand  Dijon  Lorient  Marseille  Montpellier  Poitiers and Rennes University Hospitals  as well as the Eurofins-Optimed Research Institute in Grenoble.€200 000 « Avance Récupérable » for NFL-301 to reduce alcohol consumptionFor the advancement of the NFL-301 project  from product formulation to clinical trial authorization  NFL Biosciences has obtained an innovation advance of €200 000 within the framework of the Programme d'Investissement d'Avenir 4 of the France 2030 plan. €140 000 will be received upon signature of the aid contract as a recoverable advance  and the balance upon request by NFL Biosciences upon authorization of the first clinical trial of the product. Signature of this second contract also took place today. The same reimbursement conditions apply with a schedule of €10 000 per quarter starting from 1st quarter of 2026.NFL-301 is a natural drug candidate for the reduction of alcohol consumption  which is the subject of a co-development agreement with ATHENA Pharmaceuticals since February 2022. Under the partnership  ATHENA Pharmaceuticals  a leading developer and manufacturer of oral drugs  is responsible for the development and production of NFL-301  and NFL Biosciences is responsible for the design and execution of the clinical program  which may be initiated in the United States in the coming months. NFL Biosciences will ensure the continued development of NFL-301 and the filing of a pre-IND application with the FDA (Food and Drug Administration) prior to a future clinical trial application. The partnership aims to develop NFL-301 at least to the point of demonstrating its efficacy against placebo in the indication of alcohol consumption reduction. NFL Biosciences and ATHENA Pharmaceuticals will jointly invest and share future revenues based on their respective investments.About NFL BiosciencesNFL Biosciences is a biopharmaceutical company based in the Montpellier area which develops botanical drug candidates for the treatment of addictions. NFL Biosciences' ambition is to bring new  natural  safer and more effective therapeutic solutions to the entire world population  including low- and middle-income countries. Its most advanced product  called NFL-101  is a standardized  nicotine free tobacco leaf extract protected by two patent families. NFL Biosciences intends to offer smokers who want to quit a natural  safe  easy-to-administer and personalized alternative. NFL Biosciences is also developing NFL-301  a natural drug candidate for the reduction of alcohol consumption and has a drug development project for the treatment of cannabis use disorders. The shares of NFL Biosciences are listed on Euronext Growth Paris (FR0014003XT0 – ALNFL). Find out more at www.nflbiosciences.comContactsBruno Lafont – info@nflbiosciences.com - +33 4 11 93 76 67 Agence Calyptus – nflbio@calyptus.net - 1 53 65 68 68Attachment",neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,mixed,0.62,0.13,0.25,True,English,"['NFL Biosciences', 'Avance Innovation', 'funding', 'Bpifrance', 'two main clinical programs', 'Nine clinical investigation centers', 'Avance Récupérable', 'Phase II/III clinical study', 'CESTO II clinical study', 'future clinical trial application', 'first clinical trial', 'CESTO II study', 'Euronext Growth Paris', 'cash flow horizon', 'key validation milestones', 'Rennes University Hospitals', 'Eurofins-Optimed Research Institute', 'new, natural, safer', 'entire world population', 'clinical trial authorization', 'same reimbursement conditions', 'effective therapeutic solutions', 'smoking cessation therapy', 'natural drug candidate', 'botanical drug candidates', ""NFL Biosciences' ambition"", 'Avance innovation"" aid', 'alcohol consumption reduction', 'pre-IND application', 'future revenues', 'botanical drugs', 'repayment conditions', 'effective dose', 'Drug Administration', 'innovation advance', 'French English', 'French government', 'Ignacio Faus', 'good start', 'capital increase', 'fourth quarters', 'innovative companies', 'close attention', 'efficient allocation', 'France 2030 plan', 'recoverable advance', 'economic report', 'final report', 'repayment obligations', 'ATHENA Pharmaceuticals', 'leading developer', 'oral drugs', 'United States', 'coming months', 'respective investments', 'middle-income countries', 'final contract', 'second contract', 'biopharmaceutical company', '4th quarter', '3rd quarter', '1st quarter', 'appropriate resources', 'product formulation', 'aid contract', 'development agreement', 'continued development', 'Montpellier area', 'NFL-101 treatment', 'partial success', 'NFL-301 project', 'funding', 'Bpifrance', 'ALNFL', 'addictions', 'financing', 'total', 'Programme', 'Investissements', 'Avenir', 'CEO', 'year', 'end', 'Q3', 'January', 'granting', 'framework', 'third', 'commitment', 'efficacy', 'safety', 'signature', 'balance', 'request', 'completion', 'place', 'technical', 'account', 'execution', 'results', 'summary', 'expenses', 'case', 'rate', 'rise', 'interest', 'event', 'failure', 'approval', '318 smokers', 'order', 'Bordeaux', 'Clermont-Ferrand', 'Dijon', 'Lorient', 'Marseille', 'Poitiers', 'Grenoble', 'advancement', 'schedule', 'subject', 'February', 'partnership', 'manufacturer', 'production', 'design', 'filing', 'FDA', 'Food', 'point', 'indication']",2023-02-20,2023-02-20,globenewswire.com
18839,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://seekingalpha.com/article/4579926-verallia-glass-container-producer-available-at-10-percent-fcf-yield,Verallia: Europe's Largest Glass Container Producer Available At A 10% FCF Yield (OTCMKTS:VRLAF),Verallia is the third largest producer of glass bottles and jars. Almost half of its bottles are sold to the wine and sparkling wine industry. Read more here.,RobsonPL/iStock Editorial via Getty ImagesIntroductionVerallia (OTCPK:VRLAF) is a French company and a major producer of glass bottles with production in South America and Europe. The company produces approximately 17 billion bottles and jars in its 63 furnaces in 12 countries. The largest portion of the produced bottles are used for wine and sparkling wine while an additional 26% is used for beer and spirits. Verallia is the world’s third largest producer of glass bottles and jars and is the number 1 in Europe  which accounts for in excess of 85% of its revenue.Verallia Investor RelationsVerallia’s primary listing is on Euronext Paris where it is trading with VRLA as its ticker symbol. There are currently approximately 117M shares outstanding (after deducting the treasury shares) for a total market capitalization of 4.5B EUR. The average daily volume in France is just over 140 000 shares  making it the most liquid listing of Verallia.Yahoo FinanceA surprisingly strong 2022 bodes well for the futureVerallia posted an excellent result in 2022. Its plants were running at full capacity to keep up with demand and thanks to a smart energy hedging policy it was able to keep the impact of the higher natural gas prices throughout the year pretty limited. This  in combination with a strong demand for glass containers (this wasn’t Verallia-specific as for instance O-I Glass (OI) also reported very strong demand for its products) allowed Verallia to exceed expectations.The total revenue increased by in excess of 20% to 3.35B EUR while the COGS increased by just around 25% despite the pressure on the cost of raw materials. Although the COGS increased at a faster pace than the revenue  the small increase in the SG&A expenses helped to boost the operating profit by approximately 40% to in excess of 550M EUR.Verallia Investor RelationsThe net finance expenses also increased but this didn’t have a major impact: the pre-tax income came in at 478M EUR resulting in a net income of 355.6M EUR of which 13.6M EUR was attributable to non-controlling interests. This means the net income attributable to the common shareholders of Verallia was 342M EUR which works out to 2.92 EUR per share. That’s an increase of in excess of 40% compared to FY 2021.One of the main reasons why I initiated a long position in Verallia in 2022 is the company’s excellent ability to convert its net income and EBITDA into free cash flow. This wasn’t any different in 2022.The reported operating cash flow was 699M EUR but this includes about 93.5M EUR in working capital contributions while we should also deduct an additional 17M EUR in taxes based on the total taxes owed rather than the amount of taxes paid. We should also deduct the 28M EUR in interest expenses to end up with an adjusted operating cash flow of 590M EUR.Verallia Investor RelationsThe total capex was 367M EUR  resulting in a pro forma free cash flow result of 223M EUR and about 210M EUR if we would deduct the net income attributable to the non-controlling interests. Keep in mind Verallia has been investing in growth as it tries to increase its production capacity at a low single digit percentage per year. The corporate presentation (below) confirms the sustaining capex is much lower than 367M EUR. Only 270M EUR was classified as sustaining (recurring) capex. That’s higher than anticipated but that’s entirely caused by the recent inflation. Verallia budgets about 8% of its annual revenue for sustaining capex  so 270M EUR is not surprising.Verallia Investor RelationsIt does mean the underlying sustaining free cash flow came in at 307M EUR or 2.6 EUR per share  and that obviously is a good result. It allowed Verallia to hike its dividend by 33% as the company is proposing to pay a dividend of 1.40 EUR per share.Aiming for 1B EUR in EBITDA in 2023The cash flow statement also shows Verallia spent almost 250M EUR on an acquisition. This is related to the acquisition of Allied Glass  a UK based producer of glass bottles in the premium segment. The company has an annual revenue of 150M GBP but nor the EBITDA nor the net income were disclosed. But assuming the company has a 20-25% EBITDA margin (Verallia’s own EBITDA margin exceeds 25%)  it looks like Verallia acquired Allied at about 8 times EBITDA which isn’t expensive at all.The EBITDA contribution from Allied Glass also helped to boost the full-year 2023 guidance as Verallia is now guiding for a full-year EBITDA of 1B EUR.Verallia Investor RelationsAssuming the depreciation and amortization expenses increase to 325M EUR (295M EUR in FY 2022) and assuming the interest expenses increase from 28M EUR to 35M EUR  a 1B EUR EBITDA implies a pre-tax profit of 640M EUR  and a net income of in excess of 400M EUR. The free cash flow result should be slightly higher than that  and will likely exceed 3.50 EUR per share.Verallia is lucky to have locked in the interest rate on about 1B EUR of its debt. Additionally  the floating rate debt was hedged and about 92% of the total debt is either fixed or hedged. This means Verallia will be shielded from the recent interest rate increases although we will see an impact from Q4 2024 on when the 500M EUR loan will have to be refinanced. But by that time  the free cash flow machine will be nicely humming again and thanks to Verallia’s pricing power  I’m not really expecting a massive impact from increasing interest rates until 2028. And even if you would assume the 2028 loan will see a 300 basis point increase in the cost of debt  the after tax free cash flow per share would be impacted by just 10 cents per share.Verallia Investor RelationsInvestment thesisIn the ESCI portfolio  a long position was established in 2022 at an average price of 22.31 EUR with the most recent purchase being a top-up at 22.76 EUR per share in June. Ever since adding Verallia to the portfolio  I was aiming for an exit point around 40 EUR per share. As the situation got a bit trickier and as the natural gas prices remained at elevated levels until pretty recently  I didn’t want to expect too much from a heavy user of natural gas and I wrote a call option against the position which would result in an average exit price of just under 35 EUR per share for a capital gain of in excess of 50% and a total return of close to 60% in about a year time.Seeing how strong the fourth quarter was  and seeing the FY 2023 guidance  it looks like I pulled the trigger too early. While I’m definitely happy with a 60% return in about a year  I am (pleasantly) surprised by Verallia’s guidance while the decreasing natural gas price in Europe will obviously also play a big role in protecting Verallia’s margins.I will keep an eye on Verallia and perhaps I will re-enter the stock on any weakness. As based on the prospects for 2023  Verallia is still cheap. If I would have known what I now know  I would not have sold Verallia.Editor's Note: This article discusses one or more securities that do not trade on a major U.S. exchange. Please be aware of the risks associated with these stocks.,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,mixed,0.52,0.13,0.35,True,English,"['Largest Glass Container Producer', 'A 10% FCF Yield', 'Verallia', 'Europe', 'VRLAF', 'pro forma free cash flow result', 'underlying sustaining free cash flow', 'smart energy hedging policy', 'higher natural gas prices', 'low single digit percentage', 'cash flow statement', 'operating cash flow', 'average daily volume', 'working capital contributions', 'UK based producer', 'SG&A expenses', 'sustaining (recurring) capex', 'total market capitalization', 'third largest producer', 'additional 17M EUR', 'floating rate debt', 'Verallia Investor Relations', '20-25% EBITDA margin', 'net finance expenses', '1B EUR EBITDA', 'excellent result', 'good result', 'sustaining capex', 'major producer', 'operating profit', 'largest portion', 'Yahoo Finance', 'interest rate', 'interest expenses', 'amortization expenses', 'total capex', 'total debt', 'net income', 'iStock Editorial', 'Getty Images', 'South America', 'Euronext Paris', 'ticker symbol', 'strong 2022 bodes', 'full capacity', 'glass containers', 'O-I Glass', 'raw materials', 'faster pace', 'pre-tax income', 'controlling interests', 'common shareholders', 'main reasons', 'long position', 'excellent ability', 'corporate presentation', 'recent inflation', 'premium segment', '150M GBP', 'full-year 2023 guidance', 'pre-tax profit', '270M EUR', '8 times EBITDA', 'EBITDA contribution', 'full-year EBITDA', 'total revenue', 'glass bottles', '17 billion bottles', '117M shares', 'treasury shares', 'strong demand', 'Allied Glass', 'annual revenue', 'total taxes', 'sparkling wine', 'primary listing', 'small increase', 'major impact', 'production capacity', '28M EUR', 'French company', '2.92 EUR', '3.50 EUR', '140,000 shares', 'RobsonPL', 'Introduction', 'VRLAF', 'Europe', '63 furnaces', '12 countries', 'beer', 'spirits', 'world', 'number', 'excess', '4.5B', 'France', 'future', 'plants', 'combination', 'instance', 'OI', 'products', 'expectations', '3.35B', 'COGS', 'pressure', 'cost', '550M', '478M', '355.6M', '13.6M', 'FY', '93.5M', 'amount', '590M', '223M', '210M', 'mind', 'growth', '367M', '307M', '250M', 'acquisition', 'depreciation', '325M', '35M', '400M', '1.40']",2023-02-20,2023-02-20,seekingalpha.com
18840,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/bghl-eur-nav-063000881.html,BGHL (EUR): NAV(s),BOUSSARD & GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITED Ordinary Shares The Directors of Boussard & Gavaudan Holding Limited would like to announce the following information for...,"BOUSSARD AND GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITED (EUR)BOUSSARD & GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITEDOrdinary SharesThe Directors of Boussard & Gavaudan Holding Limited would like to announce the following information for the Company.Close of business 17 Feb 2023.Estimated NAVEuro Shares Sterling Shares Estimated NAV € 27.3150 £ 24.0699 Estimated MTD return 0.19 % 0.25 % Estimated YTD return -1.64 % -1.46 % Estimated ITD return 173.15 % 140.70 %NAV and returns are calculated net of management and performance feesMarket informationEuro Shares Amsterdam (AEX) London (LSE) Market Close € 22.20 N/A Premium/discount to estimated NAV -18.73 % N/A Sterling Shares Amsterdam (AEX) London (LSE) Market Close N/A GBX 1 900.00 Premium/discount to estimated NAV N/A -21.06 %Transactions in own securities purchased into treasuryOrdinary Shares Euro Shares Sterling Shares Number of shares N/A N/A Average Price N/A N/A Range of Price N/A N/ALiquidity Enhancement Agreement Euro Shares Sterling Shares Number of shares N/A N/A Average Price N/A N/ABGHL CapitalBGHL Ordinary Shares Euro Shares Sterling Shares Shares Outstanding 12 297 058 126 294 Held in treasury 800 N/A Shares Issued 12 297 858 126 294Estimated BG Fund NAVClass B Euro Shares (estimated) € 239.6158 Class GBP A Shares (estimated) £ 128.4687The Class B Euro Shares of BG Fund are not subject to investment manager fees  as the Investment Manager receives management fees and performance fees in respect of its role as Investment Manager of BGHL.Story continuesFor further information please contact:Boussard & Gavaudan Investment Management  LLP.Emmanuel Gavaudan +44 (0) 20 3751 5389 Email : info@bgam-uk.comThe Company is established as a closed-ended investment company domiciled in Guernsey. The Company has received the necessary approval of the Guernsey Financial Services Commission and the States of Guernsey Policy Council. The Company is registered with the Dutch Authority for the Financial Markets as a collective investment scheme pursuant to article 2:73 in conjunction with 2:66 of the Dutch Financial Supervision Act (Wet op het financieel toezicht). The shares of the Company (the ""Shares"") are listed on Euronext Amsterdam. The Shares are also listed on the Official List of the UK Listing Authority and admitted to trading on the London Stock Exchange plc's main market for listed securities.This is not an offer to sell or a solicitation of any offer to buy any securities in the United States or in any other jurisdiction. This announcement is not intended to and does not constitute  or form part of  any offer or invitation to purchase any securities or the solicitation of any vote or approval in any jurisdiction  nor shall there be any sale  issuance or transfer of the securities referred to in this announcement in any jurisdiction in contravention of applicable law.Neither the Company nor BG Fund ICAV has been  and neither will be  registered under the US Investment Company Act of 1940  as amended (the ""Investment Company Act""). In addition the securities referenced in this announcement have not been and will not be registered under the US Securities Act of 1933  as amended (the ""Securities Act""). Consequently any such securities may not be offered  sold or otherwise transferred within the United States or to  or for the account or benefit of  US persons except in accordance with the Securities Act or an exemption therefrom and under circumstances which will not require the issuer of such securities to register under the Investment Company Act. No public offering of any securities will be made in the United States.You should always bear in mind that:all investment is subject to risk;results in the past are no guarantee of future results;the investment performance of BGHL may go down as well as up. You may not get back all of your original investment; andif you are in any doubt about the contents of this communication or if you consider making an investment decision  you are advised to seek expert financial advice.This communication is for information purposes only and the information contained in this communication should not be relied upon as a substitute for financial or other professional advice.Attachment",neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,mixed,0.12,0.17,0.71,True,English,"['BGHL', 'EUR', 'NAV', 'The Class B Euro Shares', 'BGHL Ordinary Shares Euro Shares', 'A Liquidity Enhancement Agreement', 'Class GBP A Shares', 'London Stock Exchange plc', 'A N/A Average Price', 'Euro Shares Sterling Shares', 'Guernsey Financial Services Commission', 'Dutch Financial Supervision Act', 'N/A Sterling Shares Amsterdam', 'US Investment Company Act', 'Euro Shares Amsterdam', 'A N/A Range', 'Sterling Shares Shares', 'GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITED', 'expert financial advice', 'Guernsey Policy Council', 'collective investment scheme', 'UK Listing Authority', 'other professional advice', 'BG Fund ICAV', 'closed-ended investment company', 'US Securities Act', 'Gavaudan Investment Management', 'investment manager fees', 'BG Fund NAV', '800 N/A Shares', 'The Shares', 'Dutch Authority', 'N/A GBX', 'Euronext Amsterdam', 'US persons', 'Emmanuel Gavaudan', 'Financial Markets', 'The Directors', 'The Company', 'investment performance', 'original investment', 'investment decision', 'performance fees', 'BGHL Capital', 'management fees', 'MTD return', 'YTD return', 'ITD return', 'financieel toezicht', 'Official List', 'applicable law', 'public offering', 'other jurisdiction', 'main market', 'United States', 'following information', 'information purposes', 'necessary approval', 'future results', 'listed securities', 'Market information', 'LSE) Market', 'BOUSSARD', 'business', 'returns', 'AEX', 'Transactions', 'treasury', 'Number', 'Outstanding', 'respect', 'role', 'Story', 'LLP.', 'Email', 'article', 'conjunction', 'solicitation', 'announcement', 'part', 'invitation', 'vote', 'sale', 'issuance', 'transfer', 'contravention', 'addition', 'account', 'benefit', 'accordance', 'exemption', 'circumstances', 'issuer', 'mind', 'risk', 'past', 'guarantee', 'doubt', 'contents', 'communication', 'substitute', 'Attachment']",2023-02-20,2023-02-20,finance.yahoo.com
18841,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2023/02/20/2611092/0/en/FDA-Accepts-Valneva-s-Chikungunya-Vaccine-License-Application-for-Priority-Review.html,FDA Accepts Valneva’s Chikungunya Vaccine License Application for Priority Review,Saint-Herblain (France)  February 20  2023 – Valneva SE (Nasdaq: VALN; Euronext Paris: VLA)  a specialty vaccine company  today announced that the U.S. Food and Drug Administration (FDA) has completed a filing review of its Biologics License Application for V…,English FrenchSaint-Herblain (France)  February 20  2023 – Valneva SE (Nasdaq: VALN; Euronext Paris: VLA)  a specialty vaccine company  today announced that the U.S. Food and Drug Administration (FDA) has completed a filing review of its Biologics License Application for Valneva’s single-shot chikungunya vaccine candidate VLA1553 and has determined that the application is sufficiently complete to permit a substantive review. The review classification is Priority.VLA1553 has been assigned a Prescription Drug User Fee Act (PDUFA) review goal date at the end of August 2023  which is the date by which the FDA intends to take action on the application. The FDA’s acknowledgement of filing does not mean that a license will be granted  nor does it represent any evaluation of the adequacy of the data submitted.About ChikungunyaChikungunya is a mosquito-borne viral disease caused by the chikungunya virus (CHIKV)  a Togaviridae virus  transmitted by Aedes mosquitoes. Chikungunya virus often causes sudden large outbreaks with high attack rates  affecting one-third to three-quarters of the population in areas where the virus is circulating. There are no preventive vaccines or effective treatments available and  as such  chikungunya is considered to be a major public health threat. As of July 2022  there were more than 3 million reported cases in the Americas1 and the economic impact is considered to be significant. The medical and economic burden is expected to grow as the CHIKV primary mosquito vectors continue to spread geographically. Infection leads to symptomatic disease in up to 97% of humans after three to seven days following the mosquito bite. While mortality with CHIKV is low  morbidity is high. Clinical symptoms include acute onset of fever  debilitating joint and muscle pain  headache  nausea  rash and chronic arthralgia. It is estimated that over three quarters of the world’s population live in areas at-risk of CHIKV transmission2. High risk areas of infection are places where chikungunya virus-carrying mosquitos are currently endemic  including the Americas  parts of Africa  and Southeast Asia.About VLA1553VLA1553 is a live-attenuated  single dose investigational vaccine candidate targeting the chikungunya virus  which has spread to over 100 countries. It has been designed by deleting a part of the chikungunya virus genome.To make VLA1553 more accessible to Low- and Middle-Income Countries (LMIC)  Valneva and Instituto Butantan in Brazil signed an agreement in January 2021 for the development  manufacturing and marketing of VLA15533. The collaboration falls within the framework of the agreement signed between CEPI and Valneva in July 20194  which provides funding of up to $24.6 million with support from the European Union’s Horizon 2020 program.Valneva reported final data from the pivotal Phase 3 trial of VLA1553 in March 20225  final lot-to-lot consistency results in May 20226 and positive twelve-month persistence data in December 20227.If approved  VLA1553 would expand Valneva’s existing commercial vaccines portfolio and as such  Valneva intends to commercialize this vaccine  leveraging its existing manufacturing and commercial operations.About Valneva SEValneva is a specialty vaccine company focused on the development  manufacturing and commercialization of prophylactic vaccines for infectious diseases with significant unmet medical need. The Company takes a highly specialized and targeted approach to vaccine development and then applies its deep understanding of vaccine science to develop prophylactic vaccines addressing these diseases. Valneva has leveraged its expertise and capabilities both to commercialize three vaccines and to rapidly advance a broad range of vaccine candidates into and through the clinic  including candidates against the chikungunya virus and Lyme disease.Valneva Investor and Media ContactsLaetitia Bachelot-FontaineVP Global Communications & European Investor RelationsM +33 (0)6 4516 7099laetitia.bachelot-fontaine@valneva.comJoshua Drumm  Ph.D.VP Global Investor RelationsM +001 917 815 4520joshua.drumm@valneva.comForward-Looking StatementsThis press release contains certain forward-looking statements relating to the business of Valneva  including with respect to the progress  timing  results and completion of research  development and clinical trials for product candidates  to regulatory approval of product candidates and review of existing products. In addition  even if the actual results or development of Valneva are consistent with the forward-looking statements contained in this press release  those results or developments of Valneva may not be sustained in the future. In some cases  you can identify forward-looking statements by words such as “could ” “should ” “may ” “expects ” “anticipates ” “believes ” “intends ” “estimates ” “aims ” “targets ” or similar words. These forward-looking statements are based largely on the current expectations of Valneva as of the date of this press release and are subject to a number of known and unknown risks and uncertainties and other factors that may cause actual results  performance or achievements to be materially different from any future results  performance or achievement expressed or implied by these forward-looking statements. In particular  the expectations of Valneva could be affected by  among other things  uncertainties and delays involved in the development and manufacture of vaccines  unexpected clinical trial results  unexpected regulatory actions or delays  competition in general  currency fluctuations  the impact of the global and European credit crisis  and the ability to obtain or maintain patent or other proprietary intellectual property protection. Success in preclinical studies or earlier clinical trials may not be indicative of results in future clinical trials. In light of these risks and uncertainties  there can be no assurance that the forward-looking statements made during this presentation will in fact be realized. Valneva is providing the information in these materials as of this press release and disclaim any intention or obligation to publicly update or revise any forward-looking statements  whether as a result of new information  future events  or otherwise.1 PAHO/WHO data: Number of reported cases of chikungunya fever in the Americas https://www.paho.org/data/index.php/en/mnu-topics/chikv-en/550-chikv-weekly-en.html. Last accessed 25 Jul 20222 CDC 2022  Puntasecca CJ 20213 Valneva and Instituto Butantan Sign Final Agreement on Single-Shot Chikungunya Vaccine for Low and Middle Income Countries4 CEPI awards up to $23.4 million to Valneva for late-stage development of a single-dose Chikungunya vaccine5 Valneva Successfully Completes Pivotal Phase 3 Trial of Single-Shot Chikungunya Vaccine Candidate6 Valneva Successfully Completes Lot-to-Lot Consistency Trial for its Single-Shot Chikungunya Vaccine Candidate7 Valneva Reports Positive 12-Month Antibody Persistence Data for Single-Shot Chikungunya Vaccine Candidate - ValnevaAttachment,neutral,0.0,0.99,0.01,negative,0.0,0.1,0.9,True,English,"['Chikungunya Vaccine License Application', 'Priority Review', 'FDA', 'Valneva', 'attenuated, single dose investigational vaccine candidate', 'Prescription Drug User Fee Act', 'major public health threat', 'significant unmet medical need', 'positive twelve-month persistence data', 'three to seven days', 'single-shot chikungunya vaccine candidate', 'VP Global Investor Relations', 'CHIKV primary mosquito vectors', 'PDUFA) review goal date', 'existing commercial vaccines portfolio', 'VP Global Communications', 'one-third to three-quarters', 'U.S. Food', 'sudden large outbreaks', 'high attack rates', 'pivotal Phase 3 trial', 'European Investor Relations', 'specialty vaccine company', 'mosquito-borne viral disease', 'chikungunya virus-carrying mosquitos', 'lot consistency results', 'chikungunya virus genome', 'Biologics License Application', 'High risk areas', 'Drug Administration', 'three vaccines', 'mosquito bite', 'commercial operations', 'vaccine science', 'three quarters', 'The Company', 'existing products', 'vaccine candidates', 'European Union', 'final lot', 'preventive vaccines', 'prophylactic vaccines', 'symptomatic disease', 'final data', 'Lyme disease', 'substantive review', 'review classification', 'Valneva Investor', 'vaccine development', 'English French', 'Euronext Paris', 'Togaviridae virus', 'Aedes mosquitoes', 'effective treatments', 'economic impact', 'economic burden', 'Clinical symptoms', 'acute onset', 'debilitating joint', 'muscle pain', 'chronic arthralgia', 'CHIKV transmission', 'Southeast Asia', 'Instituto Butantan', 'Horizon 2020 program', 'existing manufacturing', 'targeted approach', 'deep understanding', 'broad range', 'Media Contacts', 'Ph.D.', 'Forward-Looking Statements', 'press release', 'clinical trials', 'regulatory approval', 'current expectations', 'unknown risks', 'product candidates', 'actual results', 'filing review', 'Middle-Income Countries', 'infectious diseases', 'Laetitia Bachelot-Fontaine', 'Joshua Drumm', 'similar words', 'The FDA', 'Valneva SE', '100 countries', 'Saint-Herblain', 'France', 'February', 'VLA', 'Priority', 'end', 'August', 'action', 'acknowledgement', 'evaluation', 'adequacy', 'population', 'July', '3 million', 'cases', 'Americas1', 'Infection', 'humans', 'mortality', 'morbidity', 'fever', 'headache', 'nausea', 'rash', 'world', 'places', 'parts', 'Africa', 'live', 'LMIC', 'Brazil', 'agreement', 'January', 'marketing', 'collaboration', 'framework', 'CEPI', 'funding', 'support', 'March', 'May', 'December', 'commercialization', 'specialized', 'expertise', 'capabilities', 'business', 'respect', 'progress', 'timing', 'completion', 'research', 'addition', 'developments', 'future', 'expects', 'aims', 'targets', 'number']",2023-02-20,2023-02-20,globenewswire.com
18842,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/GROUPE-BRUXELLES-LAMBERT-5953/news/Groupe-Bruxelles-Lambert-Transactions-on-GBL-shares-from-February-13-2023-until-February-17-2023-43035647/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230220,Groupe Bruxelles Lambert : Transactions on GBL shares from February 13  2023 until February 17  2023 (included),(marketscreener.com)   February 20  2023 - After 5:45pm CET   Regulated information   Delivering meaningful growth   Transactions on GBL Shares   Disclosure of transaction on GBL shares from February 13  2023 until February 17  2023    Implem…,February 20  2023 - After 5:45pm CET Regulated information Delivering meaningful growth Transactions on GBL Shares Disclosure of transaction on GBL shares from February 13  2023 until February 17  2023 (included) Implementation of the authorization of the Extraordinary General Shareholders' Meeting of April 28  2020 Purchases GBL  directly and through its subsidiaries  acquired during the period from February 13  2023 until February 17  2023 included  as part of: The share buyback program: 0 GBL shareThe share buyback program (by an independent financial institution on the basis of a discretionary mandate until March 31  2023): 137 830 GBL shares Number of Average Lowest Highest Amount Trade date price price Negotiation method / market shares price (EUR) (EUR) (EUR) (EUR) Stock Exchange 02/13/2023 20 850 79.02 78.60 79.28 1 647 529 Euronext  CBOE  Turquoise  Acquis Stock Exchange 02/14/2023 27 640 79.35 78.84 79.72 2 193 320 Euronext  CBOE  Turquoise  Acquis Stock Exchange 02/15/2023 34 435 79.64 78.90 79.94 2 742 321 Euronext  CBOE  Turquoise  Acquis Stock Exchange 02/16/2023 25 192 80.45 79.54 80.94 2 026 621 Euronext  CBOE  Turquoise  Acquis Stock Exchange 02/17/2023 29 713 79.59 78.74 80.04 2 364 742 Euronext  CBOE  Turquoise  Acquis Total 137 830 79.62 10 974 535 Regulated information of February 20  2023 // Page 1 / 3 // For more information: www.gbl.beThe liquidity agreement: 88 900 GBL shares Number of Average Lowest Highest Amount Trade date price price Negotiation method / market shares price (EUR) (EUR) (EUR) (EUR) 02/13/2023 2 750 78.91 78.60 79.28 216 990 Stock Exchange Euronext 02/14/2023 22 650 79.27 78.84 79.72 1 795 402 Stock Exchange Euronext 02/15/2023 24 000 79.63 78.90 79.94 1 911 149 Stock Exchange Euronext 02/16/2023 24 000 80.66 79.54 80.94 1 935 898 Stock Exchange Euronext 02/17/2023 15 500 79.62 78.74 80.04 1 234 167 Stock Exchange Euronext Total 88 900 79.79 7 093 606 Sales GBL  directly and through its subsidiaries  sold during the period from February 13  2023 until February 17  2023 included  as part of: The liquidity agreement: 93 650 GBL shares Number of Average Lowest Highest Amount Trade date price price Negotiation method / market shares price (EUR) (EUR) (EUR) (EUR) 02/13/2023 6 500 79.10 78.60 79.28 514 154 Stock Exchange Euronext 02/14/2023 25 150 79.35 78.84 79.72 1 995 567 Stock Exchange Euronext 02/15/2023 25 000 79.63 78.90 79.94 1 990 688 Stock Exchange Euronext 02/16/2023 20 000 80.69 79.54 80.94 1 613 890 Stock Exchange Euronext 02/17/2023 17 000 79.79 78.74 80.04 1 356 398 Stock Exchange Euronext Total 93 650 79.77 7 470 697 As of February 17  2023  GBL holds directly and through its subsidiaries 13 055 287 GBL shares representing 8.5% of the issued capital  and holds 2 500 shares under the liquidity agreement. On that date  76.0% of the fifth share buyback program is executed1. 1 cf. http://www.gbl.be/en/transactions-gbl-shares Regulated information of February 20  2023 // Page 2 / 3 // For more information: www.gbl.be,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,neutral,0.04,0.92,0.05,True,English,"['Groupe Bruxelles Lambert', 'GBL shares', 'Transactions', 'February', 'Average Lowest Highest Amount Trade date price price Negotiation method', ""Extraordinary General Shareholders' Meeting"", 'fifth share buyback program', 'market shares price', 'meaningful growth Transactions', 'independent financial institution', 'Stock Exchange Euronext', 'Acquis Stock Exchange', '0 GBL share', 'Acquis Total', 'GBL Shares', 'discretionary mandate', 'liquidity agreement', '3,606 Sales GBL', 'gbl.be', '2,500 shares', 'February', '5:45pm', 'information', 'Disclosure', 'Implementation', 'authorization', 'April', 'Purchases', 'subsidiaries', 'period', 'part', 'basis', 'March', 'Number', 'CBOE', 'Turquoise', 'Page', 'The', 'capital', 'transactions-gbl-shares', '88', '1']",2023-02-20,2023-02-20,marketscreener.com
18843,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/EXOR-N-V-142350737/news/Exor-N-V-Periodic-Report-on-the-Buyback-Program-43032477/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230220,Exor N.V.: Periodic Report on the Buyback Program,(marketscreener.com) EXOR N.V. announces that  under the second tranche of the share buyback program of up to €250 million announced on 29 July 2022   the Company has completed the following transactions on Euronext Amsterdam: Trading DateNumber of ordinary s…,EXOR N.V. (AMS: EXO) (“Exor” or the “Company”) announces that  under the second tranche of the share buyback program of up to €250 million announced on 29 July 2022 (the “second tranche”)  the Company has completed the following transactions on Euronext Amsterdam:Trading Date Number of ordinary shares purchased Average price per share excluding fees (€) Total consideration excluding fees (€) 14 February 2023 26 757 76.2928 2 041 366.45 15 February 2023 13 106 76.3557 1 000 717.80 16 February 2023 5 673 76.4643 433 781.97 17 February 2023 32 873 76.3582 2 510 123.11 TOTAL 78 409 5 985 989.33After these purchases  the total invested amount under the second tranche is approximately €221.7 million for a total amount of 3 218 879 ordinary shares purchased.As of 17 February 2023  the Company held in total 14 006 977 ordinary shares in treasury (5.81% of total ordinary issued share capital).A comprehensive overview of the transactions carried out under the share buyback program  as well as the details of the above transactions  are available on Exor’s corporate website under the Share Buyback section.Attachment,neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,neutral,0.0,0.99,0.0,True,English,"['Exor N.V.', 'Periodic Report', 'Buyback Program', 'Trading Date Number', 'share buyback program', 'Share Buyback section', 'EXOR N.V.', 'share capital', 'second tranche', 'Euronext Amsterdam', 'ordinary shares', 'Average price', 'comprehensive overview', 'corporate website', 'Total consideration', 'total ordinary', 'following transactions', 'total amount', 'Company', '29 July', 'fees', '14 February', 'purchases', '17 February', 'treasury', 'details', 'Attachment']",2023-02-20,2023-02-20,marketscreener.com
18844,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/ION-BEAM-APPLICATIONS-SA-6002/news/Ion-Beam-Applications-IBA-Notice-of-Full-Year-2022-Results-and-Conference-Call-43032235/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230220,Ion Beam Applications : IBA Notice of Full Year 2022 Results and Conference Call,(marketscreener.com)   Corporate    /    20.02.2023       FY22 results meeting to take place as a hybrid event on Thursday  23 March 2023 at 3pm CET     Louvain-la-Neuve  Belgium  20 February 2023 - IBA   the world...https://www.marketsc…,FY22 results meeting to take place as a hybrid event on Thursday  23 March 2023 at 3pm CETLouvain-la-Neuve  Belgium  20 February 2023 - IBA (Ion Beam Applications S.A.  EURONEXT)  the world leader in particle accelerator technology  announces today that it will publish its consolidated results for the full year 2022 on Thursday  23 March 2023 at 7am CET.Conference Call InformationOlivier Legrain  Chief Executive Officer  and Soumya Chandramouli  Chief Financial Officer  will host a hybrid event to present the full year results  including a conference call and webcast  followed by a Q&A session.The conference call  conducted in English  will be held on Thursday 23 March 2023 at 3pm CET / 2pm GMT / 10am EDT / 7amPDT as a Teams webinar and can be accessed online via this link.If you would like to join by phone only  please dial (Phone conference ID 745 901 390#):Belgium: +32 2 890 97 20UK: +44 20 3321 5200NL: +31 20 708 6901LU: +352 27 87 00 02US: +1 347-991-7591FR: +33 1 70 99 53 51The presentation will be available on IBA's investor relations website and on:https://www.iba-worldwide.com/content/iba-full-year-2022-results-press-release-publication-date-conference-call-details shortly before the call.To ensure a timely connection  it is recommended that users register at least 10 minutes prior to the scheduled webcast.For participants who do not have the Teams application installed  please follow the process described in this link to access the conference.ENDSAbout IBAIBA (Ion Beam Applications S.A.) is the world leader in particle accelerator technology. The company is the leading supplier of equipment and services in the field of proton therapy  considered to be the most advanced form of radiation therapy available today. IBA is also a leading player in the fields of industrial sterilization  radiopharmaceuticals and dosimetry. The company  based in Louvain-la-Neuve  Belgium  employs approximately 1 800 people worldwide. IBA is a certified B Corporation (B Corp) meeting the highest standards of verified social and environmental performance.IBA is listed on the pan-European stock exchange EURONEXT (IBA: Reuters IBAB.BR and Bloomberg IBAB.BB).More information can be found at: www.iba-worldwide.com,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,positive,0.72,0.27,0.0,True,English,"['Ion Beam Applications', 'Full Year 2022 Results', 'IBA Notice', 'Conference Call', 'Ion Beam Applications S.A.', 'Q&A session', 'particle accelerator technology', 'Chief Executive Officer', 'Chief Financial Officer', 'investor relations website', 'pan-European stock exchange', 'certified B Corporation', 'Reuters IBAB.BR', 'FY22 results meeting', 'full year results', 'Phone conference ID', 'Conference Call Information', 'Bloomberg IBAB', 'More information', 'consolidated results', 'hybrid event', 'world leader', '7am CET', 'Olivier Legrain', 'Soumya Chandramouli', '10am EDT', 'Teams webinar', 'timely connection', 'Teams application', 'leading supplier', 'proton therapy', 'advanced form', 'radiation therapy', 'leading player', 'industrial sterilization', 'highest standards', 'environmental performance', '3pm CET', 'scheduled webcast', 'place', 'Thursday', 'March', 'Louvain-la-Neuve', 'Belgium', 'February', 'EURONEXT', 'English', '2pm', '7amPDT', 'link', 'UK', 'LU', 'FR', 'presentation', 'full-year-2022', 'conference-call', 'details', 'users', 'participants', 'process', 'ENDS', 'company', 'equipment', 'services', 'field', 'radiopharmaceuticals', 'dosimetry', '1,800 people', 'verified', 'social', 'BB']",2023-02-20,2023-02-20,marketscreener.com
18845,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/UNIDATA-S-P-A-104922929/news/Unidata-kicks-off-aucap-possible-access-to-STAR-in-2023-43036084/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230220,Unidata kicks off aucap; possible access to STAR in 2023,(marketscreener.com) Unidata Spa announced Monday that it has resolved to initiate the EUR27.4 million capital increase - authorized by shareholders. Of this amount  EUR8.0 million is offered to Michela Colli and another 400 000 shares -- for EUR19.4 million …,"(Alliance News) - Unidata Spa announced Monday that it has resolved to initiate the EUR27.4 million capital increase - authorized by shareholders.Of this amount  EUR8.0 million is offered to Michela Colli and another 400 000 shares -- for EUR19.4 million -- will be offered to qualified investors through an accelerated bookbuilding procedure on Feb. 22.""The capital increase is aimed at quickly and efficiently raising venture capital to be used to pursue the company's growth strategy. The capital increase is  in addition  functional to increase the free float by favoring the liquidity of the stock  also in function of a possible access to the STAR segment of Euronext Milan during 2023 "" the company explained.Unidata's stock closed Monday down 1.9 percent at EUR47.50 per share.By Giuseppe Fabio Ciccomascolo  Alliance News senior reporterComments and questions to redazione@alliancenews.comCopyright 2023 Alliance News IS Italian Service Ltd. All rights reserved.",neutral,0.06,0.93,0.01,neutral,0.09,0.91,0.01,True,English,"['possible access', 'Unidata', 'aucap', 'Alliance News IS Italian Service Ltd', 'Alliance News senior reporter', 'EUR27.4 million capital increase', 'Giuseppe Fabio Ciccomascolo', 'venture capital', 'Michela Colli', 'qualified investors', 'bookbuilding procedure', 'growth strategy', 'free float', 'possible access', 'Euronext Milan', 'Unidata Spa', 'shareholders', 'amount', '400,000 shares', 'accelerated', 'Feb.', 'company', 'addition', 'liquidity', 'stock', 'function', 'segment', 'Comments', 'questions', 'redazione', 'Copyright', 'rights']",2023-02-20,2023-02-20,marketscreener.com
18846,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/RIBER-4786/news/RIBER-Order-for-a-new-MBE-production-system-in-Asia-43032362/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230220,RIBER: Order for a new MBE production system in Asia,(marketscreener.com) PRESS RELEASE Order for a new MBE production system in Asia Bezons  February 20  2023 – 8am – RIBER  a global market leader for molecular beam epitaxy equipment serving the semiconductor industry  is announcing an order for a MBE 6000 pro…,PRESS RELEASEOrder for a new MBE production system in AsiaBezons  February 20  2023 – 8am – RIBER  a global market leader for molecular beam epitaxy (MBE) equipment serving the semiconductor industry  is announcing an order for a MBE 6000 production system in Asia for an amount of several million euros.An Asian industrial customer  who already one MBE 6000 system  has just ordered a new MBE 6000 to strengthen its production capacities for electronic devices.With around forty machines in operation worldwide  the MBE 6000 is the benchmark MBE system for the mass-production of electronic and optoelectronic components used in telecommunications and in fiber optic networks.This new order will be delivered in 2023.About RIBERRIBER is the global market leader for MBE - molecular beam epitaxy - equipment. It designs and produces MBE systems and evaporators for the semiconductor industry. It also provides technical and scientific support for its clients  maintaining their equipment and optimizing their performance and output levels. Through its high-tech equipment  RIBER performs an essential role in the development of advanced semiconductor systems that are used in numerous consumer applications  from information technologies to 5G telecommunications networks  OLED screens and next-generation solar cells.RIBER is a BPI France-approved innovative company and is listed on the Euronext Growth Paris market (ISIN: FR0000075954).www.riber.comContactsRIBER: Michel Picault | tel: +33 (0)1 39 96 65 00 | invest@riber.comCALYPTUS Cyril Combe | tel: +33 (0)1 53 65 68 68 | cyril.combe@calyptus.netAttachment,neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,neutral,0.01,0.98,0.0,True,English,"['new MBE production system', 'RIBER', 'Order', 'Asia', 'Euronext Growth Paris market', 'new MBE production system', 'global market leader', 'several million euros', 'Asian industrial customer', 'fiber optic networks', 'numerous consumer applications', 'next-generation solar cells', 'CALYPTUS Cyril Combe', 'MBE 6000 production system', 'one MBE 6000 system', 'benchmark MBE system', 'molecular beam epitaxy', '5G telecommunications networks', 'advanced semiconductor systems', 'production capacities', 'MBE systems', 'semiconductor industry', 'PRESS RELEASE', 'forty machines', 'optoelectronic components', 'new order', 'scientific support', 'output levels', 'essential role', 'information technologies', 'OLED screens', 'innovative company', 'Michel Picault', 'MBE) equipment', 'Asia Bezons', 'electronic devices', 'high-tech equipment', '8am', 'RIBER', 'amount', 'operation', 'mass-production', 'evaporators', 'technical', 'clients', 'performance', 'development', 'Contacts', 'Attachment', '1']",2023-02-20,2023-02-20,marketscreener.com
18847,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2023/02/20/2611106/0/en/RIBER-Order-for-a-new-MBE-production-system-in-Asia.html,RIBER: Order for a new MBE production system in Asia,PRESS RELEASE  Order for a new MBE production system in Asia  Bezons  February 20  2023 – 8am – RIBER  a global market leader for molecular beam...,French EnglishPRESS RELEASEOrder for a new MBE production system in AsiaBezons  February 20  2023 – 8am – RIBER  a global market leader for molecular beam epitaxy (MBE) equipment serving the semiconductor industry  is announcing an order for a MBE 6000 production system in Asia for an amount of several million euros.An Asian industrial customer  who already one MBE 6000 system  has just ordered a new MBE 6000 to strengthen its production capacities for electronic devices.With around forty machines in operation worldwide  the MBE 6000 is the benchmark MBE system for the mass-production of electronic and optoelectronic components used in telecommunications and in fiber optic networks.This new order will be delivered in 2023.About RIBERRIBER is the global market leader for MBE - molecular beam epitaxy - equipment. It designs and produces MBE systems and evaporators for the semiconductor industry. It also provides technical and scientific support for its clients  maintaining their equipment and optimizing their performance and output levels. Through its high-tech equipment  RIBER performs an essential role in the development of advanced semiconductor systems that are used in numerous consumer applications  from information technologies to 5G telecommunications networks  OLED screens and next-generation solar cells.RIBER is a BPI France-approved innovative company and is listed on the Euronext Growth Paris market (ISIN: FR0000075954).www.riber.comContactsRIBER: Michel Picault | tel: +33 (0)1 39 96 65 00 | invest@riber.comCALYPTUS Cyril Combe | tel: +33 (0)1 53 65 68 68 | cyril.combe@calyptus.netAttachment,neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,neutral,0.01,0.98,0.0,True,English,"['new MBE production system', 'RIBER', 'Order', 'Asia', 'Euronext Growth Paris market', 'new MBE production system', 'global market leader', 'several million euros', 'Asian industrial customer', 'fiber optic networks', 'numerous consumer applications', 'next-generation solar cells', 'CALYPTUS Cyril Combe', 'MBE 6000 production system', 'one MBE 6000 system', 'benchmark MBE system', 'molecular beam epitaxy', '5G telecommunications networks', 'advanced semiconductor systems', 'production capacities', 'MBE systems', 'semiconductor industry', 'French English', 'PRESS RELEASE', 'forty machines', 'optoelectronic components', 'new order', 'scientific support', 'output levels', 'essential role', 'information technologies', 'OLED screens', 'innovative company', 'Michel Picault', 'MBE) equipment', 'Asia Bezons', 'electronic devices', 'high-tech equipment', '8am', 'RIBER', 'amount', 'operation', 'mass-production', 'evaporators', 'technical', 'clients', 'performance', 'development', 'Contacts', 'Attachment', '1']",2023-02-20,2023-02-20,globenewswire.com
18848,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/LLEIDANETWORKS-SERVEIS-TE-111615945/news/Lleidanetworks-Serveis-Telematics-S-A-Lleida-net-obtains-a-new-patent-in-the-field-of-certificatio-43032302/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230220,Lleidanetworks Serveis Telemàtics S A : Lleida.net obtains a new patent in the field of certification by the Gulf Cooperation Council,(marketscreener.com)   Lleida.net obtains a new patent in the field of certification by the Gulf Cooperation Council      20 Feb 2023 07:30 CET    Subscribe     Issuer   LLEIDA.NET      Madrid  February 20.-...https://www.marketscree…,"Lleida.net obtains a new patent in the field of certification by the Gulf Cooperation CouncilMadrid  February 20.- Spanish publicly traded company Lleida.net (LLN.MC) (ALLLN.PA) (LLEIF.US) has been granted a new patent by the Gulf Cooperation Council (the organization that brings together the main economies in the Middle East).The recognition  number 221 granted to the corporation  corresponds to its ""Method for the certification of electronic mail containing a recognized electronic signature on the part of a telecommunications operator"" and has a validity of 20 years. Its reference number is GC0012097.""This patent is a testament to the hard work and dedication of our team and allows us to continue to lead in the field of electronic certifications and digital signatures "" explained Sisco Sapena  CEO and founder of the company. ""We are convinced that this new patent reinforces our position in key markets such as Dubai or Saudi Arabia  where our electronic certification solutions are already well-received and where we expect to continue to grow "" he added.Recently  the company received recognition from the Danish authorities and from those of the European Union. Lleida.net's growth strategy in the market for electronic signature  notification  and contracting in the countries where it is present and those it plans to be in the future is based on a solid policy of growth in intellectual property and R&D  as well as a strengthening of its internationalization policy.Lleida.net is the European leader in the field of registered electronic signature  notification  and contracting and already has 220 patents received from more than 64 countries around the world. Its portfolio is one of the most solid in the sector worldwide  including the European Union  the United States  China  Russia  India  Mexico  Japan  Colombia  Argentina  Peru  South Africa  Nigeria  Australia  and New Zealand. It is listed on the OTCQX index of New York  Euronext Growth in Paris  and BME Growth in Madrid.",neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,neutral,0.04,0.95,0.0,True,English,"['Telemàtics S A', 'Gulf Cooperation Council', 'Lleida.net', 'new patent', 'Lleidanetworks', 'field', 'certification', 'Gulf Cooperation Council', 'registered electronic signature', 'electronic certification solutions', 'electronic mail', 'electronic certifications', 'Lleida.net', 'LLN.MC', 'main economies', 'Middle East', 'telecommunications operator', 'reference number', 'hard work', 'digital signatures', 'Sisco Sapena', 'key markets', 'Saudi Arabia', 'Danish authorities', 'European Union', 'solid policy', 'intellectual property', 'R&D', 'internationalization policy', 'European leader', 'United States', 'South Africa', 'New Zealand', 'OTCQX index', 'New York', 'new patent', 'growth strategy', 'Euronext Growth', 'BME Growth', 'field', 'Madrid', 'February', 'Spanish', 'company', 'LLEIF.', 'US', 'organization', 'recognition', 'corporation', 'Method', 'part', 'validity', '20 years', 'testament', 'dedication', 'team', 'CEO', 'founder', 'position', 'Dubai', 'notification', 'contracting', 'countries', 'future', 'strengthening', '220 patents', 'world', 'portfolio', 'sector', 'China', 'India', 'Mexico', 'Japan', 'Colombia', 'Argentina', 'Peru', 'Nigeria', 'Paris']",2023-02-20,2023-02-20,marketscreener.com
18849,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/EXOR-N-V-142350737/news/Italy-working-on-measures-to-boost-Milan-bourse-s-allure-43033879/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230220,Italy working on measures to boost Milan bourse's allure,(marketscreener.com) Italy is readying measures to address the issues holding back the country's capital markets and reinforce the role of the 200-year-old Borsa Italiana  according to government officials and a draft bill seen by Reuters on Monday.https://ww…,"With an overall capitalisation of around 680 billion euros ($726.3 billion)  the value of companies listed on Milan's bourse lags far behind European Union peers.Last year 15 companies abandoned Euronext Milan  including the infrastructure group Atlantia and Agnelli family's holding company Exor  with six newcomers to compensate for exits.Some of those which delisted were drawn to other bourses  notably Amsterdam  where regulations help leading shareholders to preserve a tight grip on companies.Adding to the challenge  Italy's family-run businesses are unwilling to relinquish control by listing unless they need cash for M&A or other expansion strategies.""We aim to present a bill in parliament by April to strengthen Milan's ability to encourage listing "" Treasury junior minister Federico Freni told Reuters.Prime Minister Giorgia Meloni's government plans to adopt some proposals studied under the previous administration led by Mario Draghi  Freni added without giving details.To boost initial public offerings (IPOs) in Milan  the draft bill includes measures to simplify the listing process  which current rules companies say make it costly and cumbersome to provide adequate risk disclosure for investors.EASING SELF-PLACEMENTRome could also allow a wide range of firms to benefit from the simplifications and incentives already provided for small and medium-sized enterprises (SMEs) which plan to list.""SME qualification is currently envisaged when capitalisation does not exceed 500 million euros: such a threshold would be increased to 1 billion euros "" the draft showed.A further measure would scrap a provision designed to protect savers that holds staff of regulators such as market watchdog Consob liable for damages. This would make only the institution liable while shielding its employees including top executives  a move the Treasury believes could speed up the listing process.The bill also proposes restricting the liability of listing companies to cases of serious misconduct that damage investor interests due to information included in the IPO documents.In addition  the scheme reinforces the possibility of bypassing the formal IPO process through a so-called self-placement  which sees a company sell shares directly  saving the money required to line up underwriters as middlemen.As part of a drive to boost funding sources other than bank credit  a measure being discussed would allow companies to issue bonds for an amount exceeding the current limit of twice the share capital  provided that these notes were bought by professional investors.($1 = 0.9362 euros)(Reporting by Giuseppe Fonte in Rome  additional reporting by Elisa Anzolin in Milan; Editing by Emelia Sithole-Matarise)By Giuseppe Fonte",positive,0.71,0.29,0.0,mixed,0.14,0.11,0.74,True,English,"['Milan bourse', 'Italy', 'measures', 'allure', 'Treasury junior minister Federico Freni', 'Prime Minister Giorgia Meloni', 'European Union peers', 'initial public offerings', 'adequate risk disclosure', 'other expansion strategies', 'formal IPO process', 'current rules companies', 'other bourses', 'IPO documents', 'current limit', 'listing process', 'infrastructure group', 'Agnelli family', 'six newcomers', 'tight grip', 'family-run businesses', 'M&A', 'previous administration', 'Mario Draghi', 'wide range', 'medium-sized enterprises', 'SME qualification', 'market watchdog', 'top executives', 'serious misconduct', 'investor interests', 'funding sources', 'bank credit', 'share capital', 'Giuseppe Fonte', 'additional reporting', 'Elisa Anzolin', 'Emelia Sithole-Matarise', '680 billion euros', '500 million euros', '1 billion euros', 'overall capitalisation', 'holding company', 'EASING SELF-PLACEMENT', 'professional investors', 'listing companies', 'Euronext Milan', '0.9362 euros', '15 companies', 'value', 'Atlantia', 'Exor', 'exits', 'Amsterdam', 'regulations', 'shareholders', 'challenge', 'Italy', 'control', 'cash', 'parliament', 'April', 'ability', 'Reuters', 'government', 'proposals', 'details', 'IPOs', 'draft', 'measures', 'Rome', 'firms', 'simplifications', 'incentives', 'small', 'SMEs', 'threshold', 'provision', 'savers', 'staff', 'regulators', 'Consob', 'damages', 'institution', 'employees', 'move', 'cases', 'information', 'scheme', 'possibility', 'shares', 'money', 'underwriters', 'middlemen', 'part', 'drive', 'bonds', 'amount', 'notes', 'Editing']",2023-02-20,2023-02-20,marketscreener.com
18850,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2023/02/20/2611591/0/en/FL-Entertainment-weekly-share-transactions.html,FL Entertainment: weekly share transactions,Press Release  Paris – February 20th  2023  Share Transactions Disclosure  FL Entertainment N.V. (894500G73K46H93RF180) declares the following...,Press ReleaseParis – February 20th  2023Share Transactions DisclosureFL Entertainment N.V. (894500G73K46H93RF180) declares the following transactions made on its own shares (NL0015000X07) from February 13th to February 17th  2023 in accordance with the authorization given by the shareholder’s annual meeting on June 30  2022.Trade Date Side Total Daily Volume (Number of Shares) Average Price Amount of Transactions Market Identification Code 2023-02-13 BUY 200 8.685000 1 737.00 XAMS 2023-02-13 SELL 33 8.719697 287.75 XAMS 2023-02-15 SELL 12 8.700000 104.40 XAMS 2023-02-16 BUY 263 8.669011 2 279.95 XAMS 2023-02-16 SELL 18 8.700000 156.60 XAMS 2023-02-17 SELL 1 8.700000 8.70 XAMSThe disclosure of all share transactions was made publicly available and can be consulted on the company’s website (https://fl-entertainment.com/) under the section «Investor Relations».AgendaFY 2022 results: 16 March 2023Investor RelationsCaroline Cohen – Phone: +33 1 44 95 23 34 – c.cohen@flentertainment.comPress RelationsAnne-France Malrieu - afmalrieu@image7.frAbout FL EntertainmentFounded by Stéphane Courbit  a 30-year entertainment industry pioneer and entrepreneur  FL Entertainment Group is a global leader in multimedia content and gambling  combining the strengths of Banijay  the world’s largest independent producer distributor  with Betclic Everest Group  the fastest-growing online sports betting platform in Europe. In 2021  FL Entertainment recorded through Banijay and Betclic Everest Group  a combined revenue  and adjusted EBITDA  of €3.5bn and €609m respectively. FL Entertainment listed on Euronext Amsterdam in July 2022.ISIN: NL0015000X07 - Bloomberg: FLE NA - Reuters: FLE.ASAttachment,neutral,0.03,0.97,0.0,neutral,0.02,0.98,0.0,True,English,"['weekly share transactions', 'FL Entertainment', 'Trade Date Side Total Daily Volume', 'growing online sports betting platform', 'largest independent producer distributor', 'Transactions Market Identification Code', '30-year entertainment industry pioneer', 'FL Entertainment N.V.', 'Average Price Amount', 'Stéphane Courbit', 'Betclic Everest Group', 'FLE.AS Attachment', 'FL Entertainment Group', 'Share Transactions Disclosure', 'following transactions', 'FLE NA', 'Press Release', 'annual meeting', 'Investor Relations', 'FY 2022 results', 'Press Relations', 'Anne-France Malrieu', 'global leader', 'multimedia content', 'combined revenue', 'adjusted EBITDA', 'Euronext Amsterdam', 'Caroline Cohen', 'Paris', 'February', 'shares', 'accordance', 'authorization', 'shareholder', 'June', 'Number', 'BUY', 'XAMS', 'SELL', 'company', 'website', 'section', 'Agenda', '16 March', 'Phone', 'image', 'strengths', 'Banijay', 'world', 'Europe', 'July', 'ISIN', 'Bloomberg', 'Reuters']",2023-02-20,2023-02-20,globenewswire.com
18851,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/SOCIETE-GENERALE-4702/news/Societe-Generale-Information-regarding-executed-transactions-within-the-framework-of-a-share-buybac-43035657/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230220,Societe Generale: Information regarding executed transactions within the framework of a share buyback program (outside the liquidity agreement),(marketscreener.com)  INFORMATION REGARDING EXECUTED TRANSACTIONS WITHIN THE FRAMEWORK OF A SHARE BUYBACK PROGRAM Regulated Information Paris  20th February 2023 No 596/2014 on Market Abuse Regulation and Article 3 of Delegated Regulation 2016/1052 supplemen…,INFORMATION REGARDING EXECUTED TRANSACTIONS WITHIN THE FRAMEWORK OF A SHARE BUYBACK PROGRAM (OUTSIDE THE LIQUIDITY AGREEMENT)Regulated InformationParis  20th February 2023(In accordance with Article 5 of Regulation (EU) No 596/2014 on Market Abuse Regulation and Article 3(3) of Delegated Regulation (EU) 2016/1052 supplementing Regulation (EU) No 596/2014 through regulatory technical standards concerning the conditions applicable to buyback programs and stabilization measures)Societe Generale launched  on 16 December 2022  an additional share buyback program of 2 707 207 Societe Generale shares in order to cover and honor the free shares allocation for the benefit of employees and Group executive directors.Societe Generale received all necessary authorizations from supervisory authorities. These buybacks were carried out in compliance with the authorizations provided by the General Meeting of 17th May 2022  in particular regarding the maximum price  as well as in accordance with the Market Abuse Regulation. They were performed on the trading platforms on which Societe Generale shares are listed for trading or are traded  including the regulated market of Euronext Paris.This shares buyback ended on 17th January 2023.The liquidity contract concluded with Rothschild had temporarily been suspended throughout the buyback period.Issuer name: Societe Generale - LEI O2RNE8IBXP4R0TD8PU41Reference of the financial instrument: ISIN FR0000130809Period: From 13 to 17 February 2023Purchases performed by Societe Generale during the periodAggregated presentation by day and marketIssuer name Issuer code (LEI) Transaction date ISIN Code Daily total volume (in number of shares) Daily weighted average price of shares acquired Platform SOCIETE GENERALE O2RNE8IBXP4R0TD8PU41 13/02/2023 FR0000130809 24 500 26 4590 XPAR SOCIETE GENERALE O2RNE8IBXP4R0TD8PU41 14/02/2023 FR0000130809 51 500 26 4777 XPAR SOCIETE GENERALE O2RNE8IBXP4R0TD8PU41 15/02/2023 FR0000130809 59 714 26 5583 XPAR SOCIETE GENERALE O2RNE8IBXP4R0TD8PU41 16/02/2023 FR0000130809 60 111 27 5560 XPAR SOCIETE GENERALE O2RNE8IBXP4R0TD8PU41 17/02/2023 FR0000130809 60 111 27 9759 XPAR TOTAL 255 936 27 0998Detailed presentation by transactionThe detailed presentation by transaction is available within the Chapter 6 Description of the buyback programs  reports on share buyback and statements on the liquidity agreement:Regulated Information - Société Générale (societegenerale.com)Press contact:Jean-Baptiste Froville_+33 1 58 98 68 00_ jean-baptiste.froville@socgen.comFanny Rouby_+33 1 57 29 11 12_ fanny.rouby@socgen.comSociete GeneraleSociete Generale is one of the leading European financial services groups. Based on a diversified and integrated banking model  the Group combines financial strength and proven expertise in innovation with a strategy of sustainable growth. Committed to the positive transformations of the world’s societies and economies  Societe Generale and its teams seek to build  day after day  together with its clients  a better and sustainable future through responsible and innovative financial solutions.Active in the real economy for over 150 years  with a solid position in Europe and connected to the rest of the world  Societe Generale has over 117 000 members of staff in 66 countries and supports on a daily basis 25 million individual clients  businesses and institutional investors around the world by offering a wide range of advisory services and tailored financial solutions. The Group is built on three complementary core businesses:French Retail Banking with the SG bank  resulting from the merger of the two Societe Generale and Crédit du Nord networks  and Boursorama. Each offers a full range of financial services with omnichannel products at the cutting edge of digital innovation;International Retail Banking  Insurance and Financial Services  with networks in Africa  Central and Eastern Europe and specialised businesses that are leaders in their markets;with networks in Africa  Central and Eastern Europe and specialised businesses that are leaders in their markets; Global Banking and Investor Solutions  which offers recognised expertise  key international locations and integrated solutions.Societe Generale is included in the principal socially responsible investment indices: DJSI (Europe)  FTSE4Good (Global and Europe)  Bloomberg Gender-Equality Index  Refinitiv Diversity and Inclusion Index  Euronext Vigeo (Europe and Eurozone)  STOXX Global ESG Leaders indexes  and the MSCI Low Carbon Leaders Index (World and Europe).In case of doubt regarding the authenticity of this press release  please go to the end of Societe Generale’s newsroom page where official Press Releases sent by Societe Generale can be certified using blockchain technology. A link will allow you to check the document’s legitimacy directly on the web page.For more information  you can follow us on Twitter @societegenerale or visit our website societegenerale.com.Attachment,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,mixed,0.34,0.33,0.33,True,English,"['share buyback program', 'Societe Generale', 'liquidity agreement', 'Information', 'transactions', 'framework', 'Société Générale', 'Crédit du Nord networks', 'MSCI Low Carbon Leaders Index', 'leading European financial services groups', 'socially responsible investment indices', 'three complementary core businesses', 'Daily weighted average price', 'Global ESG Leaders indexes', 'additional share buyback program', 'Issuer name Issuer code', 'XPAR SOCIETE GENERALE O2RNE8IBXP4R0TD8PU41', 'Bloomberg Gender-Equality Index', 'regulatory technical standards', 'key international locations', 'French Retail Banking', 'International Retail Banking', 'Daily total volume', 'official Press Releases', 'two Societe Generale', 'integrated banking model', 'innovative financial solutions', 'tailored financial solutions', 'free shares allocation', 'Group executive directors', '25 million individual clients', '2,707,207 Societe Generale shares', 'Market Abuse Regulation', 'XPAR TOTAL', 'Inclusion Index', 'Global Banking', 'maximum price', 'LEI O2RNE8IBXP4R0TD8PU41', 'daily basis', 'integrated solutions', 'advisory services', 'financial instrument', 'financial strength', 'ISIN Code', 'Investor Solutions', 'Press contact', 'buyback programs', 'regulated market', 'specialised businesses', 'Delegated Regulation', 'supplementing Regulation', 'EXECUTED TRANSACTIONS', 'LIQUIDITY AGREEMENT', 'stabilization measures', 'supervisory authorities', 'General Meeting', '17th May', '17th January', 'liquidity contract', 'proven expertise', 'sustainable growth', 'positive transformations', 'sustainable future', 'real economy', 'solid position', 'institutional investors', 'wide range', 'SG bank', 'full range', 'omnichannel products', 'cutting edge', 'recognised expertise', 'Refinitiv Diversity', 'Euronext Vigeo', 'newsroom page', 'blockchain technology', 'web page', 'Detailed presentation', 'buyback period', 'Regulated Information', '20th February', 'necessary authorizations', 'trading platforms', 'Euronext Paris', 'Jean-Baptiste Froville', 'Fanny Rouby', 'digital innovation', 'Transaction date', 'The Group', 'Eastern Europe', '17 February', 'FRAMEWORK', 'Article', 'conditions', '16 December', 'order', 'benefit', 'employees', 'buybacks', 'compliance', 'accordance', 'Rothschild', 'Reference', 'Purchases', 'day', 'number', 'Chapter', 'Description', 'reports', 'statements', 'diversified', 'strategy', 'world', 'societies', 'economies', 'teams', '150 years', 'rest', '117,000 members', 'staff', '66 countries', 'merger', 'Boursorama', 'Insurance', 'Africa', 'Central', 'markets', 'DJSI', 'FTSE4Good', 'Eurozone', 'case', 'doubt', 'authenticity', 'link', 'document', 'legitimacy', 'Twitter', 'societegenerale', 'website', 'Attachment', '13']",2023-02-20,2023-02-20,marketscreener.com
18852,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.fxempire.com/news/article/italy-working-on-measures-to-boost-milan-bourses-allure-1289389,Italy working on measures to boost Milan bourse’s allure,By Giuseppe Fonte ROME (Reuters) -   Italy is readying measures to address the issues holding back the country&#039;s capital markets and reinforce the role of the 200-year-old Borsa Italiana  according to government officials and a draft bill seen by Reuters…,With an overall capitalisation of around 680 billion euros ($726.3 billion)  the value of companies listed on Milan’s bourse lags far behind European Union peers.Last year 15 companies abandoned Euronext Milan  including the infrastructure group Atlantia and Agnelli family’s holding company Exor  with six newcomers to compensate for exits.Some of those which delisted were drawn to other bourses  notably Amsterdam  where regulations help leading shareholders to preserve a tight grip on companies.Adding to the challenge  Italy’s family-run businesses are unwilling to relinquish control by listing unless they need cash for M&A or other expansion strategies.“We aim to present a bill in parliament by April to strengthen Milan’s ability to encourage listing ” Treasury junior minister Federico Freni told Reuters.Prime Minister Giorgia Meloni’s government plans to adopt some proposals studied under the previous administration led by Mario Draghi  Freni added without giving details.To boost initial public offerings (IPOs) in Milan  the draft bill includes measures to simplify the listing process  which current rules companies say make it costly and cumbersome to provide adequate risk disclosure for investors.EASING SELF-PLACEMENTRome could also allow a wide range of firms to benefit from the simplifications and incentives already provided for small and medium-sized enterprises (SMEs) which plan to list.“SME qualification is currently envisaged when capitalisation does not exceed 500 million euros: such a threshold would be increased to 1 billion euros ” the draft showed.A further measure would scrap a provision designed to protect savers that holds staff of regulators such as market watchdog Consob liable for damages. This would make only the institution liable while shielding its employees including top executives  a move the Treasury believes could speed up the listing process.The bill also proposes restricting the liability of listing companies to cases of serious misconduct that damage investor interests due to information included in the IPO documents.In addition  the scheme reinforces the possibility of bypassing the formal IPO process through a so-called self-placement  which sees a company sell shares directly  saving the money required to line up underwriters as middlemen.As part of a drive to boost funding sources other than bank credit  a measure being discussed would allow companies to issue bonds for an amount exceeding the current limit of twice the share capital  provided that these notes were bought by professional investors.($1 = 0.9362 euros)(Reporting by Giuseppe Fonte in Rome  additional reporting by Elisa Anzolin in Milan; Editing by Emelia Sithole-Matarise),positive,0.68,0.31,0.01,mixed,0.27,0.04,0.69,True,English,"['Milan bourse', 'Italy', 'measures', 'allure', 'Treasury junior minister Federico Freni', 'Prime Minister Giorgia Meloni', 'European Union peers', 'initial public offerings', 'adequate risk disclosure', 'other expansion strategies', 'formal IPO process', 'current rules companies', 'other bourses', 'IPO documents', 'current limit', 'listing process', 'infrastructure group', 'Agnelli family', 'six newcomers', 'tight grip', 'family-run businesses', 'M&A', 'previous administration', 'Mario Draghi', 'wide range', 'medium-sized enterprises', 'SME qualification', 'market watchdog', 'top executives', 'serious misconduct', 'investor interests', 'funding sources', 'bank credit', 'share capital', 'Giuseppe Fonte', 'additional reporting', 'Elisa Anzolin', 'Emelia Sithole-Matarise', '680 billion euros', '500 million euros', '1 billion euros', 'overall capitalisation', 'holding company', 'EASING SELF-PLACEMENT', 'professional investors', 'listing companies', 'Euronext Milan', '0.9362 euros', '15 companies', 'value', 'Atlantia', 'Exor', 'exits', 'Amsterdam', 'regulations', 'shareholders', 'challenge', 'Italy', 'control', 'cash', 'parliament', 'April', 'ability', 'Reuters', 'government', 'proposals', 'details', 'IPOs', 'draft', 'measures', 'Rome', 'firms', 'simplifications', 'incentives', 'small', 'SMEs', 'threshold', 'provision', 'savers', 'staff', 'regulators', 'Consob', 'damages', 'institution', 'employees', 'move', 'cases', 'information', 'scheme', 'possibility', 'shares', 'money', 'underwriters', 'middlemen', 'part', 'drive', 'bonds', 'amount', 'notes', 'Editing']",2023-02-20,2023-02-20,fxempire.com
18853,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.prnewswire.co.uk/news-releases/tetragon-financial-group-limited-investor-call-on-6-march-2023-301750020.html,Tetragon Financial Group Limited Investor Call on 6 March 2023,LONDON  Feb. 20  2023 /PRNewswire/ -- Tetragon will host a conference call for investors on Monday  6 March 2023 at 15:00 GMT / 10:00 EST to discuss its Annual Report and to provide a company update. During the call  Tetragon's investment manager will also se…,LONDON  Feb. 20  2023 /PRNewswire/ -- Tetragon will host a conference call for investors on Monday  6 March 2023 at 15:00 GMT / 10:00 EST to discuss its Annual Report and to provide a company update.During the call  Tetragon's investment manager will also seek to address questions raised by investors  including questions e-mailed to ir@tetragoninv.com.Getting Access to the Call and Q&A:The call will be accompanied by a live presentation which can be viewed online by registering at the link below. In addition  questions can be submitted online while watching the presentation. We would encourage you to log in 15 minutes prior to the start of the call.https://onlinexperiences.com/Launch/QReg/ShowUUID=D92B9E59-82F3-4028-ADD0-94EFBC2F9BC5Presentation Replay:A replay of the call will be available for 30 days through the link provided above or by visiting http://www.tetragoninv.com/shareholders where a recording will posted.New website:Tetragon has recently launched a new company website which can be viewed at www.tetragoninv.com.About Tetragon:Tetragon is a Guernsey closed-ended investment company. Its non-voting shares are listed on Euronext in Amsterdam N.V. and also traded on the Specialist Fund Segment of the Main Market of the London Stock Exchange. Our investment manager is Tetragon Financial Management LP. For more information  please go to www.tetragoninv.com.Tetragon: Yuko Thomas Investor Relations ir@tetragoninv.com Press Inquiries: Prosek Partners pro-tetragon@prosek.com U.K. +44 203 890 9193 U.S. +001 212 279 3115This release does not contain or constitute an offer to sell or a solicitation of an offer to purchase securities in the United States or any other jurisdiction. The securities of Tetragon have not been and will not be registered under the U.S. Securities Act of 1933 and may not be offered or sold in the United States or to U.S. persons unless they are registered under applicable law or exempt from registration. Tetragon does not intend to register any portion of its securities in the United States or to conduct a public offer of securities in the United States. In addition  Tetragon has not been and will not be registered under the U.S. Investment Company Act of 1940  and investors will not be entitled to the benefits of such Act. Tetragon is registered in the public register of the Netherlands Authority for the Financial Markets under Section 1:107 of the Financial Markets Supervision Act as a collective investment scheme from a designated country.SOURCE Tetragon Financial Group Limited,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,neutral,0.0,0.96,0.04,True,English,"['Tetragon Financial Group Limited Investor Call', '6 March', 'SOURCE Tetragon Financial Group Limited', 'U.S. Investment Company Act', 'Guernsey closed-ended investment company', 'Financial Markets Supervision Act', 'Tetragon Financial Management LP', 'U.S. Securities Act', 'U.S. persons', 'collective investment scheme', 'Amsterdam N.V.', 'Specialist Fund Segment', 'new company website', 'London Stock Exchange', 'company update', 'investment manager', 'New website', 'Annual Report', 'Q&A', 'non-voting shares', 'Main Market', 'Yuko Thomas', 'Investor Relations', 'Press Inquiries', 'Prosek Partners', 'United States', 'other jurisdiction', 'applicable law', 'public register', 'Netherlands Authority', 'live presentation', 'public offer', 'conference call', 'Presentation Replay', 'Feb.', 'PRNewswire', 'investors', 'Monday', 'March', '15:00 GMT', 'questions', 'Access', 'link', 'addition', '15 minutes', 'start', 'Launch/QReg', 'ShowUUID', '30 days', 'recording', 'Euronext', 'information', 'release', 'solicitation', 'registration', 'portion', 'benefits', 'Section', 'country', '10:00']",2023-02-20,2023-02-20,prnewswire.co.uk
18854,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/NFL-BIOSCIENCES-123776242/news/NFL-Biosciences-receives-1-7-million-in-Avance-Innovation-funding-from-Bpifrance-43035620/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230220,NFL Biosciences receives  1.7 million in « Avance Innovation » funding from Bpifrance,(marketscreener.com) NFL Biosciences receives €1.7 million in « Avance Innovation » funding from Bpifrance NFL BIOSCIENCES   a biopharmaceutical company developing botanical drugs for the treatment of addictions  and particularly NFL-101  its drug candidate f…,"NFL Biosciences receives €1.7 million in « Avance Innovation » funding from BpifranceNFL BIOSCIENCES (Euronext Growth Paris – FR0014003XT0 – ALNFL)  a biopharmaceutical company developing botanical drugs for the treatment of addictions  and particularly NFL-101  its drug candidate for smoking cessation  is announcing that it has obtained financing for a total of €1.7 million  granted by Bpifrance and financed by the French government as part of the Programme d'Investissements d'Avenir.Ignacio Faus  CEO of NFL Biosciences commented: “This is a very good start of the year for NFL Biosciences. Our cash flow horizon now extends to the end of Q3 2024. Following the success of our capital increase of approximately €3 million at the end of January and the granting by Bpifrance of an ""Avance innovation"" aid for a total of €1.7 million and financed by the French government within the framework of the ""Programme d'Investissements d'Avenir""  we have the appropriate resources to reach the key validation milestones of our two main clinical programs for NFL-101 in the third and fourth quarters of 2023. We will also advance the development of NFL-301. We would like to thank Bpifrance for its commitment to innovative companies and will continue to pay close attention to the efficient allocation of these resources.”€1.5 million “Avance Récupérable” for the CESTO II studyTo complete the CESTO II clinical study designed to evaluate the efficacy and safety of its NFL-101 treatment as a smoking cessation therapy  NFL Biosciences has been granted an innovation advance of €1 500 000 as part of the Programme d'Investissement d'Avenir 4 of the France 2030 plan. €1.05 million will be received upon signature of the final contract as a recoverable advance  and the balance upon request by NFL Biosciences upon completion of the study. The signature of the contract took place today.At the end of the CESTO II clinical study  NFL Biosciences will have to provide Bpifrance with a technical and economic report  an account of its execution and results  and a summary of the expenses incurred. In case of success  NFL Biosciences will reimburse this aid as of the 4th quarter of 2025 at a rate of €75 000 per quarter  i.e. until the 3rd quarter of 2030. This aid does not give rise to the payment of interest. In the event that the project’s final report would lead to a request by the company to designate the project either a failure or a partial success  NFL Biosciences may  upon approval by Bpifrance  be released from 60% of its repayment obligations or the repayment conditions may be adapted by Bpifrance.CESTO II is a Phase II/III clinical study which aims to include 318 smokers in order to demonstrate the efficacy of NFL-101 against a placebo and to choose the most effective dose. Nine clinical investigation centers are currently participating in the study: Bordeaux  Clermont-Ferrand  Dijon  Lorient  Marseille  Montpellier  Poitiers and Rennes University Hospitals  as well as the Eurofins-Optimed Research Institute in Grenoble.€200 000 « Avance Récupérable » for NFL-301 to reduce alcohol consumptionFor the advancement of the NFL-301 project  from product formulation to clinical trial authorization  NFL Biosciences has obtained an innovation advance of €200 000 within the framework of the Programme d'Investissement d'Avenir 4 of the France 2030 plan. €140 000 will be received upon signature of the aid contract as a recoverable advance  and the balance upon request by NFL Biosciences upon authorization of the first clinical trial of the product. Signature of this second contract also took place today. The same reimbursement conditions apply with a schedule of €10 000 per quarter starting from 1st quarter of 2026.NFL-301 is a natural drug candidate for the reduction of alcohol consumption  which is the subject of a co-development agreement with ATHENA Pharmaceuticals since February 2022. Under the partnership  ATHENA Pharmaceuticals  a leading developer and manufacturer of oral drugs  is responsible for the development and production of NFL-301  and NFL Biosciences is responsible for the design and execution of the clinical program  which may be initiated in the United States in the coming months. NFL Biosciences will ensure the continued development of NFL-301 and the filing of a pre-IND application with the FDA (Food and Drug Administration) prior to a future clinical trial application. The partnership aims to develop NFL-301 at least to the point of demonstrating its efficacy against placebo in the indication of alcohol consumption reduction. NFL Biosciences and ATHENA Pharmaceuticals will jointly invest and share future revenues based on their respective investments.About NFL BiosciencesNFL Biosciences is a biopharmaceutical company based in the Montpellier area which develops botanical drug candidates for the treatment of addictions. NFL Biosciences' ambition is to bring new  natural  safer and more effective therapeutic solutions to the entire world population  including low- and middle-income countries. Its most advanced product  called NFL-101  is a standardized  nicotine free tobacco leaf extract protected by two patent families. NFL Biosciences intends to offer smokers who want to quit a natural  safe  easy-to-administer and personalized alternative. NFL Biosciences is also developing NFL-301  a natural drug candidate for the reduction of alcohol consumption and has a drug development project for the treatment of cannabis use disorders. The shares of NFL Biosciences are listed on Euronext Growth Paris (FR0014003XT0 – ALNFL). Find out more at www.nflbiosciences.comContactsBruno Lafont – info@nflbiosciences.com - +33 4 11 93 76 67 Agence Calyptus – nflbio@calyptus.net - 1 53 65 68 68Attachment",neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,mixed,0.47,0.09,0.44,True,English,"['NFL Biosciences', 'funding', 'Bpifrance', 'two main clinical programs', 'Nine clinical investigation centers', 'Avance Récupérable', 'Phase II/III clinical study', 'CESTO II clinical study', 'future clinical trial application', 'first clinical trial', 'CESTO II study', 'Euronext Growth Paris', 'cash flow horizon', 'key validation milestones', 'Rennes University Hospitals', 'Eurofins-Optimed Research Institute', 'new, natural, safer', 'entire world population', 'clinical trial authorization', 'same reimbursement conditions', 'effective therapeutic solutions', 'smoking cessation therapy', 'natural drug candidate', 'botanical drug candidates', ""NFL Biosciences' ambition"", 'Avance innovation"" aid', 'alcohol consumption reduction', 'pre-IND application', 'future revenues', 'botanical drugs', 'repayment conditions', 'effective dose', 'Drug Administration', 'innovation advance', 'French government', 'Ignacio Faus', 'good start', 'capital increase', 'fourth quarters', 'innovative companies', 'close attention', 'efficient allocation', 'France 2030 plan', 'recoverable advance', 'economic report', 'final report', 'repayment obligations', 'ATHENA Pharmaceuticals', 'leading developer', 'oral drugs', 'United States', 'coming months', 'respective investments', 'middle-income countries', 'final contract', 'second contract', 'biopharmaceutical company', 'product formulation', 'advanced product', '4th quarter', '3rd quarter', '1st quarter', 'appropriate resources', 'aid contract', 'development agreement', 'continued development', 'Montpellier area', 'NFL-101 treatment', 'partial success', 'NFL-301 project', 'funding', 'Bpifrance', 'ALNFL', 'addictions', 'financing', 'total', 'Programme', 'Investissements', 'Avenir', 'CEO', 'year', 'end', 'Q3', 'January', 'granting', 'framework', 'third', 'commitment', 'efficacy', 'safety', 'signature', 'balance', 'request', 'completion', 'place', 'technical', 'account', 'execution', 'results', 'summary', 'expenses', 'case', 'rate', 'rise', 'interest', 'event', 'failure', 'approval', '318 smokers', 'order', 'Bordeaux', 'Clermont-Ferrand', 'Dijon', 'Lorient', 'Marseille', 'Poitiers', 'Grenoble', 'advancement', 'schedule', 'subject', 'February', 'partnership', 'manufacturer', 'production', 'design', 'filing', 'FDA', 'Food', 'point', 'indication']",2023-02-20,2023-02-20,marketscreener.com
18855,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/DISRUPTIVE-CAPITAL-ACQUIS-127886492/news/Update-on-Business-Combination-with-Advanced-Cables-43036132/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230220,Update on Business Combination with Advanced Cables,(marketscreener.com) DISRUPTIVE CAPITAL ACQUISITION COMPANY LIMITEDUpdate on Business Combination with Advanced Cablesin Respect ofDCAC Shareholders andDCAC Public Warrant Holders 20 February 2023 THIS PRESS RELEASE CONTAINS INFORMATION THAT QUALIFIES OR MAY …,DISRUPTIVE CAPITAL ACQUISITION COMPANY LIMITED(“DCAC or the Company”)Update on Business Combination with Advanced Cablesin Respect ofDCAC Shareholders (ISIN Code GG00BMB5XZ39) andDCAC Public Warrant Holders (ISIN Code GG00BMB5XY22)20 February 2023THIS PRESS RELEASE CONTAINS INFORMATION THAT QUALIFIES OR MAY HAVEQUALIFIED AS INSIDE INFORMATION WITHIN THE MEANING OF ARTICLE 7(1) OF THE EUMARKET ABUSE REGULATION.NOT FOR RELEASE  PUBLICATION OR DISTRIBUTION  DIRECTLY OR INDIRECTLY  IN ORINTO THE UNITED STATES  AUSTRALIA  CANADA  JAPAN  SOUTH AFRICA OR ANY OTHERJURISDICTION WHERE TO DO SO WOULD CONSTITUTE A VIOLATION OF THE RELEVANTLAWS OR REGULATIONS OF SUCH JURISDICTION. ANY FAILURE TO COMPLY WITH THESERESTRICTIONS MAY CONSTITUTE A VIOLATION OF APPLICABLE SECURITIES LAWSAs stated in all the recent shareholder communications  DCAC has continued to explore possibleBusiness Combination targets.We now inform shareholders that DCAC has today in principle agreed to combine DCAC with thetarget business in the energy infrastructure sector  Advanced Cables  following the receipt of supportfrom the UK government’s Department of International Trade (“DIT”) for the company’s plans  andwith the support of Advanced Cables’ shareholders and other interested parties.There is no guarantee that the Advanced Cables purchase agreement will be consummated  not least itis subject to further regulatory and governmental approvals or  at the least  ‘non-objection’. However shareholders contemplating submitting tenders under either the Repurchase Offer or the Stub TenderOffer should bear this progress in mind when making their decisions.DCAC Ordinary Shareholders and DCAC Warrant holders are strongly recommended to read theentirety of this document. Should they be in any doubt  then they should seek advice from a qualifiedprofessional.Advanced CablesThe shareholders of Advanced Cables have confirmed their intent to enter into a business combinationwith DCAC (the “Advanced Cables Business Combination”) by granting DCAC first refusal toacquire all their shares for between 375 million and 400 million Swiss Francs1  subject to theconditions below. DCAC has completed its due diligence on Advanced Cables and the proposedtransaction has been approved by the boards of both DCAC and of Advanced Cables  including thepositive agreement of the independent directors of both companies. Once important governmentaland regulatory approvals have been satisfied  DCAC will issue further information to its shareholders.Whilst DIT has demonstrated its support  there is no guarantee that regulatory and/or furthergovernmental approvals  permits and authorisations  or at the least ‘non-objections’  will beforthcoming.ObjectivesThe purpose of the potential listing is to diversify Advanced Cables’ shareholder base  raise its profileand to have the opportunity to use listed shares to merge with complementary businesses in its largemarket segment. Advanced Cables and DCAC are exploring several opportunities to acquire thedivisions of large companies in its own and adjacent asset-rich spheres of operations  although thiscannot be guaranteed. Whilst no further capital is likely to be required to put into effect the BusinessCombination  in due course  a Further Primary Capital raise is anticipated (as noted below)  whichAdvanced Cables believes will be best achieved via the capital markets.Advanced Cables aims first to supply the burgeoning demand for HVDC cables to connect renewablepower generation to the onshore grids; and then to foster the interconnection of national grids acrossborders. This ESG goal-enhancing sector requires many billions in capital investment to expand anddeliver on the transition to NetZero; to facilitate the renewal and transformation of legacyinfrastructure; and to rise to the challenge of fighting climate change. Advanced Cables is developingworld-class cable manufacturing operations to serve these sectors  whose development is beinghampered by a severe shortage of high-quality cable. This under-invested sector has historicallydelivered strong returns on capital; and high operational margins offer the prospect of resilient longtermflows of cash earnings and thus the potential for strong dividend flows to DCAC shareholders.To date  capital constrained cable manufacturers have been unable to grasp the opportunity that theirproduction of the key component for their customers affords  in terms of taking stakes in the projectsthat their customers are developing. Nor have they teamed up with those customers to mutualadvantage. Advanced Cables has been engaged in close discussions with international grid operatorsand project developers  with whom it expects to co-invest. Capital growth may potentially come fromthe deployment of capital and expertise into building out into under-served markets; harnessing capitaland strategic stakebuilding to vertically integrate and capture and expand existing internationalopportunities; and to transform legacy business models  with the efficiencies of bringing proventechnology and expertise to bear in large scale.It is DCAC’s contention that governments and regulators prefer to see a publicly listed operation having the benefit of being subject to transparency and governance requirements. The DCAC boardand special advisers bring to Advanced Cables a strong pedigree of successfully implementing a ‘buybuild-transform’ investment philosophy within a framework of strong governance  spanning theprivate  publicly listed and state-owned entities. A highly experienced independent leading sectorexpert will be appointed to chair the DCAC board  in the event that the proposed BusinessCombination proceeds.The board of DCAC wish to share the benefits of its Euronext Amsterdam listing with all those DCACOrdinary Shareholders and DCAC Warrant holders who have supported the recent reconstruction  notleast by capturing a premium to the current net asset value to reflect the value of the listing. Theestimated Net Asset Value as at 15th Feb 2023 was £10.27 per DCAC Ordinary Share  being the netcash after the payment of liabilities as set out in the Shareholder Circular.However  given the smaller size of the Advanced Cables proposal than the targets originallyenvisaged  including Saxo Bank at some €2.0 to €2.2 billion  the DCAC board and Sponsors believeit is appropriate to reduce the dilution from the Sponsor’s ‘promote’  being the package of SponsorShares and Sponsor Warrants.Acquisition TermsThe terms of the agreements agreed in principle for the proposed Advanced Cables BusinessCombination would initially comprise a sale of Advanced Cables to DCAC in exchange for the issueof DCAC Shares at a price of GBP 11.50 per DCAC Share.The DCAC Shares would come from a combination of the issue of new DCAC Shares and Shares held intreasury. DCAC will be the ongoing Euronext Amsterdam listed entity  subject to the admission of thenew Shares to listing.Conditions Precedent applying to DCACThe proposed agreement with Advanced Cables is predicated upon  inter alia  that:(i) DCAC shareholders approve the Advanced Cables Business Combination (by shareholder voteas retained in the Amended Articles).(ii) Changes are made to reduce the Sponsor promote arrangements (as below) and  potentially to reward the Advanced Cables management rather than the Sponsors by the transfer ofSponsor Warrants to the Advanced Cables management incentive plan.(iii) The DCAC Shares and Warrants continue to be listed on Euronext Amsterdam and that DCACmaintains sufficient external shareholders to satisfy any ‘free float’ requirements of EuronextAmsterdam. As Advanced Cables would have ±89% of the enlarged share capital  and theSponsor Group over 5%  this is estimated to amount to at least 1 750 000 shares being inpublic hands  post such Advanced Cables Business Combination.(iv) The Amended Articles contain an obligation on the Company that  in case the Company intendsto consummate a Business Combination with a target or business that is affiliated with a holderof Sponsor Shares or a director  the remaining non-affiliated director(s) either (i) obtains anopinion from an independent investment banking firm and/or (ii) procures that persons that arenot affiliated to  managed by or advised by a holder of Sponsor Shares or any Insider (or anyof its affiliates) subscribe for new shares or interests (a) in the target or business the subject ofa Business Combination at the same time and price and on the same terms as the Company or(b) in the Company at the same time and price and on the same terms the Company is proposingto issue such shares or interests to the vendors of and/or persons connected to the target orbusiness the subject of a Business Combination.As related parties hold shares in both DCAC and Advanced Cables  it is intended to addressthese conflicts of interests as follows:a. The non-affiliated directors of both Advanced Cables and DCAC have today approvedentering into substantive discussionsb. An independent investment banking firm is being appointed to provide a fairnessopinion.c. The valuation will also be subject to an independent review by the auditors.d. Certain independent Advanced Cables shareholders intend to acquire additional AdvancedCables shares shortly before Business Combinatione. Independent investors have indicated that they intend to acquire additional DCACshares on Business Combination.Changes to Sponsor Shares and Sponsor WarrantsThe Advanced Cables board and shareholders have demanded as a pre-condition of the agreement and the DCAC Board and Sponsor group have agreed in principle  the following changes to theSponsor promote arrangements:(i) The Sponsor Group will place all the DCAC Sponsor Warrants into an Advanced CablesManagement MIP. The DCAC Board believes that this will benefit all DCAC and formerAdvanced Cables shareholders not least to ensure an alignment of interest with AdvancedCables management.(ii) These ex-Sponsor Warrants and the Over-Subscription Warrants held by the Sponsor bechanged to remove the cashless exercise option  and so make them capable of cash exerciseonly.(iii) The second tranche of Founder Shares  representing approximately 10% of the total number ofOrdinary Shares .. only [granted] if the closing price of the Ordinary Shares equals or exceeds GBP13.00 per Ordinary Share  be cancelled and so no longer dilute other DCAC and formerAdvanced Cables shareholders.First Tranche of Sponsor SharesThe Advanced Cables Business Combination Agreement does not propose to change the shareholdingposition from the Prospectus for the first tranche of Sponsor Shares  so potentially giving DCACSponsors 1.5625 million Shares if the conditions are met:Post-Business Combination Completion Date  a triggering event occurs for the issuance of the first tranche ofSponsor Shares representing approximately 10% of the total number of Ordinary Shares issued to the OrdinaryShareholders [at IPO]  only if the closing price of the Ordinary Shares equals or exceeds GBP 10.00 per OrdinaryShare  for any 20 Trading Days within a 30 Trading Day period.Shareholder ConsentDCAC will distribute a shareholder circular to seek shareholder consent to the Advanced CablesBusiness Combination from its shareholders  only once the governmental and regulatoryconfirmations have been received.DCAC Ordinary Shareholders will be able to vote only on such DCAC Ordinary Shares as they retainat the record date of such future EGM to consider the Advanced Cables Business Combination.No Secondary PlacingIf the proposals are approved  the Advanced Cables shareholders  who include related parties includingRTE International  will enter into customary lock up arrangements.Primary Capital Raisings envisaged post Advanced CablesSecondary ListingDCAC further intends within the next three months to seek a secondary listing on NASDAQ OMX as well as benefitting from the Euronext network of exchanges across EuropeImpact of Cash exercise of WarrantsCashless conversion does not apply to Public Warrants. Therefore  the cash exercise of Warrants when combined with the changes to ex-Sponsor Warrants and the Over-Subscription Warrants held bythe Sponsor  to make them capable of cash exercise only  could result in up to £98.68 million of freshcash coming into DCAC.DCAC intends to offer improvements in the warrant terms to reward early exercise in conjunctionwith a ‘rights issue’ and open offer.Possible Rights Issue and Open OfferNo primary capital is expected to be required in the near term  as long as DCAC maintains sufficientexternal shareholders to satisfy any ‘free float’ requirements of Euronext Amsterdam. This isestimated  post-Advanced Cables to amount to at least 1 750 000 shares in public hands  subject toconfirmation by Euronext Amsterdam.However  to enhance liquidity and to provide capital for further expansion and growth  in particularto secure both its manufacturing and the offtakers for its key outputs for several years to come Advanced Cables is in the process of and currently intends by the end of May 2023 to raise GBP 318million in the form of debt and equity.Major strategic operators have indicated their intentions to subscribe equity to an operationalsubsidiary of Advanced Cables; and a leading commercial bank that it will lend up to GBP 180 millionto the cable manufacturing operation  albeit on the condition that the bank enjoys the support of UKgovernment entities. DIT has been instrumental in assisting with these discussions. Were suchindications to be consummated  then the fundraising at the DCAC level would be of the order of GBP50 to 70 million. Strategic customers have indicated their willingness to contract with AdvancedCables and to invest via DCAC to secure their supply chain and so assure the delivery of their majorprojects.To the extent that further funding is required  notably after the possible early exercise of DCACWarrants  then it is currently intended that new DCAC Ordinary Shares and/or Convertible Loans willbe issued. The intended offer price is in the range of GBP 13.00 to 16.00 per DCAC Ordinary Share.The terms of any possible Convertible Loan have yet to be determined.To reward early exercise  it is intended that DCAC Warrant holders who exercise their warrants forcash at the time of the proposed Offer will be given a discount on the exercise price to reflect the timevalue of their warrant. The terms of any such discount have yet to be determined.The stated intentions of DCAC are that it will grant pre-emption rights to subscribe for new shares inthe Company to provide any funding requirement  before DCAC goes out to the wider market.Therefore  DCAC intends that first refusal will be given to current DCAC shareholders and to formerAdvanced Cables shareholders  including the Truell Conservation Foundation2 and Long TermAssets3  to subscribe at GBP 12.50 per new Ordinary Share.Status of the Repurchase OfferCopies of the Repurchase Tender Document and the Stub Tender Offer Circular are available onDCAC's website: www.disruptivecapitalac.com.Under the Repurchase Offer (as defined and undertaken pursuant to the Repurchase Tender Documentissued by the Company on 25 January 2023)  shareholders have been eligible to submit tenders aheadof the final date for tenders to be submitted  being the 22nd February 2023.DCAC Shareholders contemplating submitting tenders under the Repurchase Offer should bear theCompany’s progress in mind when making their decisions.Under the Advanced Cables Business Combination arrangements  if so approved  it is intended thatDCAC Ordinary Shares are to be issued at GBP 11.50 per Share.As of today 20th February 2023  GBP 69 446 789 of tenders have been or are in the process of beingsettled  all at a price of GBP 10.789 per share.The repurchased DCAC Ordinary Shares will be held as Treasury Shares  pending prospective reissueunder the Advanced Cables Business Combination. The Company confirms that  once these repurchaseshave been settled  the Company will have 64% of its share capital outstanding in public hands.Stub Tender OfferShareholders contemplating submitting tenders under the Stub Tender Offer should bear the Company’sprogress in mind when making their decisions.The maximum price on offer under the Stub Tender Offer is £2.20 per DCAC Ordinary Share  whichcompares to the last trading price of £10.00 per DCAC Ordinary Share  the Repurchase Offer price of£10.789 per DCAC Ordinary Share; and now the in principle agreement to issue DCAC Ordinary Sharesat £11.50 per DCAC Ordinary Shares.The estimated Net Asset Value as at 15th Feb 2023 was £10.27 per DCAC Ordinary Share.Accompanying Stub WarrantsShareholders contemplating submitting tenders of the accompanying Warrants under the Stub TenderOffer should bear the Company’s progress in mind when making their decisions.As under the Advanced Cables Business Combination arrangements  if so approved  it is intended thatDCAC Ordinary Shares be issued at GBP 11.50 per Share  being equivalent to the Warrant exercise price it is likely that the Warrants will trade at a level reflecting an ‘at the money’ option with 5 years maturity.Whilst it is difficult to predict this trading level with any certainty  it may be a multiple of the value beingoffered under the Stub Tender Offer.AdvisersDCAC has invited JP Morgan to act as adviser to the proposals. This invitation is being examinedand may or may not be accepted.Advanced Cables already has in place a full suite of advisers  including Afry  Red Penguin  and Aecom.Possible fallback Business CombinationIn the light of the experience with Saxo Bank and the inevitable uncertainties around closing theAdvanced Cables transaction  DCAC continues to be in discussions on undertaking a BusinessCombination with a target business operating in the financial services sector. Both targets haveheadquarters and principal operations in Western and/or Northern Europe.We recommend that shareholders take careful heed of the positive impact these proposals may bringto the Company; and DCAC looks forward to being in contact with further information.Edmund TruellCEO  DCACAbout DCACDCAC is a special purpose acquisition company incorporated on 29 April 2021 under the CompaniesLaw as a non-cellular company limited by shares. DCAC was created for the purpose of completing amerger  amalgamation  share exchange  asset and/or liability acquisition  share purchase  reorganisationor similar business combination with a target business or entity.DCAC's leadership team comprises executive directors: Edmund Truell (Chief Executive Officer); nonexecutivedirectors: Wolf Becke (Chair/Independent Non-Executive Director)  and Roger Le Tissier(Non-Executive Director); and special advisers: Dimitri Goulandris  Kari Stadigh and Luke Webster.DCAC was launched by Disruptive Capital GP Limited  a Guernsey investment firm licensed by theGuernsey Financial Services Commission to carry on controlled investment business under theProtection of Investors (Bailiwick of Guernsey) Law  2020. Disruptive Capital GP was founded byEdmund Truell and his late brother  Daniel Truell  former CIO of the Wellcome Trust charitableendowment. Following his death  the firm is now owned by the de Boucaud Truell Inter-GenerationalFLP and the Truell Conservation Foundation  a UK registered charity  set up to ‘make money for charityby being good investors’.The initial public offering of DCAC took place on 6 October 2021. DCAC successfully completed theDCAC IPO  raising £125 million from new investors. Pursuant to reorganisation plans  to date some£69 million has been returned to shareholders at a price of GBP 10.789 per DCAC Ordinary Share.The DCAC Ordinary Shares and DCAC Warrants are currently separately listed and traded on EuronextAmsterdam under the ISIN GG00BMB5XZ39 and symbol DCACS for the DCAC Ordinary Shares andISIN GG00BMB5XY22 and symbol DCACW for the DCAC Warrants.A copy of this release is available on the Company’s website: www.disruptivecapitalac.comEnquiries to:Edi Truell  CEOtruell@disruptivecapital.com+41 79 953 8396ordisruptive@admina.ggRegistered office:First Floor10 Lefebvre StreetSt Peter PortGuernseyGY1 2PEMedia inquiries:James CulverhouseEQJames.culverhouse@eqcorp.co+44 20 7223 1100+44 7912 508 3221 As of 18th February 2023  the Swiss Franc / GBP exchange rate is 1.11  so SwFr400m equates to GBP 360m2 being a UK registered charity with related party trustee3 a fund controlled by related parties  including the charity; and managed by Disruptive Capital GP,neutral,0.11,0.89,0.0,mixed,0.4,0.16,0.44,True,English,"['Business Combination', 'Advanced Cables', 'Update', 'DISRUPTIVE CAPITAL ACQUISITION COMPANY LIMITED', 'Further Primary Capital raise', 'world-class cable manufacturing operations', 'DCAC Public Warrant Holders', 'Advanced Cables’ shareholder base', 'Advanced Cables purchase agreement', 'Advanced Cables Business Combination', 'recent shareholder communications', 'MARKET ABUSE REGULATION', 'adjacent asset-rich spheres', 'high operational margins', 'resilient longterm flows', 'DCAC Warrant holders', 'international grid operators', 'large market segment', 'strong dividend flows', 'ESG goal-enhancing sector', 'existing international opportunities', 'Business Combination targets', 'APPLICABLE SECURITIES LAWS', 'other interested parties', '400 million Swiss Francs', 'energy infrastructure sector', 'DCAC first refusal', 'Advanced Cables’ shareholders', 'DCAC Ordinary Shareholders', 'positive agreement', 'International Trade', 'high-quality cable', 'cable manufacturers', 'target business', 'several opportunities', 'legacy infrastructure', 'strong returns', 'HVDC cables', 'capital markets', 'capital investment', 'capital constrained', 'Capital growth', 'ISIN Code', 'UNITED STATES', 'SOUTH AFRICA', 'UK government', 'Stub Tender', 'due diligence', 'independent directors', 'important governmental', 'complementary businesses', 'large companies', 'due course', 'burgeoning demand', 'power generation', 'onshore grids', 'national grids', 'many billions', 'climate change', 'severe shortage', 'cash earnings', 'key component', 'mutual advantage', 'close discussions', 'project developers', 'served markets', 'strategic stakebuilding', 'PRESS RELEASE', 'Repurchase Offer', 'potential listing', 'listed shares', 'DCAC Shareholders', 'INSIDE INFORMATION', 'regulatory approvals', '375 million', 'Update', 'Respect', '20 February', 'QUALIFIES', 'MEANING', 'EU', 'DISTRIBUTION', 'AUSTRALIA', 'CANADA', 'JAPAN', 'JURISDICTION', 'VIOLATION', 'RELEVANT', 'REGULATIONS', 'SUCH', 'FAILURE', 'RESTRICTIONS', 'possible', 'principle', 'receipt', 'support', 'Department', 'DIT', 'plans', 'guarantee', 'objection', 'tenders', 'progress', 'mind', 'decisions', 'entirety', 'document', 'doubt', 'advice', 'qualified', 'intent', 'transaction', 'boards', 'permits', 'authorisations', 'Objectives', 'purpose', 'profile', 'opportunity', 'divisions', 'effect', 'renewable', 'interconnection', 'borders', 'transition', 'NetZero', 'renewal', 'transformation', 'challenge', 'sectors', 'development', 'prospect', 'production', 'customers', 'terms', 'stakes', 'projects', 'deployment', 'expertise']",2023-02-20,2023-02-20,marketscreener.com
18856,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.prnewswire.co.uk/news-releases/dsm---delivery-of-shares-301751074.html,DSM - delivery of shares,This is a press release by Koninklijke DSM N.V. (Royal DSM)  pursuant to the provisions of Sections 13 paragraphs 1 and 2 of the Dutch Decree on Public Takeover Bids (Besluit openbare biedingen Wft) (the Decree) in connection with the public offer by Danube A…,This is a press release by Koninklijke DSM N.V. (Royal DSM)  pursuant to the provisions of Sections 13 paragraphs 1 and 2 of the Dutch Decree on Public Takeover Bids (Besluit openbare biedingen Wft) (the Decree) in connection with the public offer by Danube AG (to be renamed DSM-Firmenich AG) for all the issued and outstanding ordinary shares in the capital of DSM (the Exchange Offer). This press release does not constitute an offer  or any solicitation of any offer  to buy or subscribe for any securities. This press release is not for general release  publication or distribution  in whole or in part  in or into  directly or indirectly  the United States or any other jurisdiction where such release  publication or distribution would violate applicable laws or regulations.HEERLEN  Netherlands  Feb. 20  2023 /PRNewswire/ --Following the Offering Circular published on 22 November 2022  Royal DSM is required to announce transactions relating to the ordinary shares in its capital in accordance with the Dutch public offer rules. This includes the delivery of treasury shares to employees in view of settling the vesting of share units or the exercise of stock options.Pursuant to commitments entered into prior to issuing the Offering Circular  DSM has on 20 February 2023  delivered 540 ordinary shares to employees in view of settling the exercise of an equivalent number of stock options granted under the respective DSM Incentive Plan (average exercise price €94.61). On the date hereof  the total number of issued and outstanding DSM ordinary shares is 173 126 665. As a consequence of the delivery included herein  the number of outstanding DSM ordinary shares increased by 0.0003%.DSMRoyal DSM is a global  purpose-led company in Health  Nutrition & Bioscience  applying science to improve the health of people  animals and the planet. DSM's purpose is to create brighter lives for all. DSM's products and solutions address some of the world's biggest challenges while simultaneously creating economic  environmental and societal value for all its stakeholders – customers  employees  shareholders  and society at large. The company was founded in 1902 and is listed on Euronext Amsterdam. More information can be found at www.dsm.com.Or find us on:LinkedIn: http://www.linkedin.com/company/3108Twitter: http://www.twitter.com/DSMFacebook: http://www.facebook.com/DSMcompanyYouTube: http://www.youtube.com/user/dsmcompanyFor more informationDSM Media Relations Gareth Mead tel. +31 (0) 45 5782420 email media.contacts@dsm.com DSM Investor Relations Dave Huizing tel. +31 (0) 45 5782864 email investor.relations@dsm.comForward-looking statementsThis press release may contain forward-looking statements with respect to DSM's future (financial) performance and position. Such statements are based on current expectations  estimates and projections of DSM and information currently available to the company. DSM cautions readers that such statements involve certain risks and uncertainties that are difficult to predict and therefore it should be understood that many factors can cause actual performance and position to differ materially from these statements. DSM has no obligation to update the statements contained in this press release  unless required by law. The English language version of the press release is leading.Logo - https://mma.prnewswire.com/media/329419/dsm_logo.jpgSOURCE Royal DSM,neutral,0.02,0.98,0.0,mixed,0.26,0.1,0.64,True,English,"['DSM', 'delivery', 'shares', 'DSM Media Relations Gareth Mead', 'DSM Investor Relations Dave Huizing', 'Koninklijke DSM N.V.', 'respective DSM Incentive Plan', 'Dutch public offer rules', 'outstanding DSM ordinary shares', 'outstanding ordinary shares', 'Public Takeover Bids', 'English language version', 'future (financial) performance', 'average exercise price', 'global, purpose-led company', 'SOURCE Royal DSM', '540 ordinary shares', 'treasury shares', 'Dutch Decree', 'actual performance', 'Sections 13 paragraphs', 'biedingen Wft', 'Danube AG', 'Exchange Offer', 'United States', 'other jurisdiction', 'applicable laws', 'Offering Circular', 'share units', 'stock options', 'brighter lives', 'biggest challenges', 'economic, environmental', 'societal value', 'Euronext Amsterdam', 'current expectations', 'many factors', 'press release', 'general release', 'equivalent number', 'total number', 'Forward-looking statements', 'Such statements', 'More information', 'provisions', 'connection', 'capital', 'solicitation', 'securities', 'publication', 'distribution', 'part', 'regulations', 'HEERLEN', 'Netherlands', 'Feb.', '22 November', 'transactions', 'accordance', 'delivery', 'employees', 'view', 'vesting', 'commitments', '20 February', 'date', 'consequence', 'Health', 'Nutrition', 'Bioscience', 'people', 'animals', 'planet', 'products', 'solutions', 'world', 'stakeholders', 'customers', 'shareholders', 'society', 'LinkedIn', 'Twitter', 'Facebook', 'DSMcompany', 'YouTube', 'position', 'estimates', 'projections', 'readers', 'risks', 'uncertainties', 'obligation', 'Logo']",2023-02-20,2023-02-20,prnewswire.co.uk
18857,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/TARKETT-14899990/news/Tarkett-Marine-Charles-and-Tina-Mayn-appointed-to-the-Supervisory-Board-43035740/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230220,Tarkett: Marine Charles and Tina Mayn appointed to the Supervisory Board,(marketscreener.com)                   Marine Charles and Tina Mayn appointed to the Supervisory Board PARIS  FRANCE  February 20  2023 – Tarkett  a world leader in innovative and sustainable flooring and sports surface solutions  announces the cooptation1 of…,"Marine Charles and Tina Mayn appointed to the Supervisory BoardPARIS  FRANCE  February 20  2023 – Tarkett  a world leader in innovative and sustainable flooring and sports surface solutions  announces the cooptation1 of Marine Charles and Tina Mayn as new members of the Supervisory Board. These two new members are replacing Agnès Touraine and Véronique Laury who have resigned for personal reasons. On this occasion  Tina Mayn has also been appointed member of the CSR (Corporate Social Responsibility) Committee within the Supervisory Board.“The Supervisory Board is delighted to welcome two new members who will bring extensive international experience  proven CSR expertise and an excellent understanding of the challenges of our ecosystem. As Tarkett continues its long-term plan to create sustainable value  I am confident that Ms. Mayn and Ms. Charles will actively contribute to Tarkett's ambition: to be the easiest  the most innovative and the most sustainable flooring and sport surfaces company to work for and with "" said Eric La Bonnardière  Chairman of the Supervisory Board.Tina Mayn  52  a Danish national  currently serves as Executive Vice President Products  Innovation and Sustainable R&D at Danish company Velux. From 2015 to 2018  she served as Executive Vice President of R&D  Product Portfolio and Global Marketing at Nilfisk  a leading global manufacturer of professional cleaning equipment. Previously  she worked at Electrolux  a Swedish appliance company  as Senior Vice President Global Product Line. She has extensive leadership experience in product management and development  innovation  purchasing and change management.Tina Mayn holds an MBA from the European Institute of Purchasing Management (EIPM) and an Executive Board Education degree from CBS Copenhagen Business School.Marine Charles  41  a French national  is CEO of Saint-Gobain Weber France  the leader in industrial mortars  and a member of the Saint Gobain France Management Committee since February 2022.She began her career in 2004 in strategy consulting at OC&C Strategy Consultants  where she worked in the Paris and London offices. In 2008  she joined the Casino Group where she held the positions of Deputy Director of Group Strategy and Planning and Director of Controlling and Projects for the Group's International Activities (Latin America  Asia  French overseas departments).In 2013  she became Head of Strategy and Development for Saint Gobain's Building Distribution Sector in charge of strategic projects and M&A. She then joined in 2016 Lapeyre  a Saint Gobain subsidiary  as Deputy CEO  before being appointed CEO in 2019.Marine Charles is a graduate of Sciences Po Paris and the business school HEC Entrepreneurs Master's degree.Tarkett's Supervisory Board is now composed of 13 members  including 3 independent members  2 members representing employees and 2 observers.Media ContactBrunswick - tarkett@brunswickgroup.com - +33 (0) 1 53 96 83 83Tarkett – communication@tarkett.comAbout TarkettWith a history of more than 140 years  Tarkett is a worldwide leader in innovative and sustainable flooring and sports surface solutions  generating net sales of € 3.4 billion in 2022. The Group employs 12 000 employees and has 25 R&D centers  8 recycling centers and 34 production sites. Tarkett creates and manufactures solutions for hospitals  schools  housing  hotels  offices  stores and sports fields  serving customers in over 100 countries. To build “The Way to Better Floors ” the Group is committed to circular economy and sustainability  in line with its Tarkett Human‐Conscious Design® approach. Tarkett is listed on the Euronext regulated market (compartment B  ISIN: FR0004188670  ticker: TKTT) www.tarkett‐group.com1 The co-optation is subject to ratification at the next Tarkett General Meeting to be held on April 21  2023.Attachment",neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,positive,0.99,0.0,0.0,True,English,"['Marine Charles', 'Tina Mayn', 'Supervisory Board', 'Tarkett', 'Senior Vice President Global Product Line', 'CSR (Corporate Social Responsibility) Committee', 'Tarkett Human‐Conscious Design® approach', 'Saint Gobain France Management Committee', 'Executive Vice President Products', 'Eric La Bonnardière', 'OC&C Strategy Consultants', 'CBS Copenhagen Business School', 'next Tarkett General Meeting', 'Executive Board Education degree', 'Saint Gobain subsidiary', 'leading global manufacturer', 'Agnès Touraine', 'Véronique Laury', 'professional cleaning equipment', 'extensive leadership experience', 'Saint-Gobain Weber France', 'Building Distribution Sector', 'HEC Entrepreneurs Master', 'Euronext regulated market', 'sport surfaces company', 'Swedish appliance company', 'extensive international experience', 'French overseas departments', '25 R&D centers', 'Sustainable R&D', 'sports surface solutions', 'Sciences Po Paris', 'two new members', 'The Supervisory Board', 'product management', 'Global Marketing', 'CSR expertise', 'Product Portfolio', 'change management', 'Danish company', 'sports fields', 'French national', 'International Activities', '8 recycling centers', 'The Way', 'Purchasing Management', 'strategy consulting', 'sustainable flooring', 'sustainable value', 'Marine Charles', 'Tina Mayn', 'personal reasons', 'excellent understanding', 'long-term plan', 'Ms. Mayn', 'Ms. Charles', 'Danish national', 'European Institute', 'industrial mortars', 'Latin America', 'M&A', '3 independent members', 'Media Contact', 'net sales', '34 production sites', 'Better Floors', 'circular economy', 'compartment B', 'The Group', 'Group Strategy', 'world leader', 'worldwide leader', 'Casino Group', 'London offices', 'Deputy Director', 'strategic projects', 'Deputy CEO', '13 members', '2 members', 'February', 'innovative', 'cooptation1', 'occasion', 'proven', 'challenges', 'ecosystem', 'ambition', 'Chairman', 'Innovation', 'Velux', 'Nilfisk', 'Electrolux', 'development', 'MBA', 'EIPM', 'career', 'positions', 'Planning', 'Controlling', 'Asia', 'Head', 'charge', '2016 Lapeyre', 'graduate', 'employees', '2 observers', 'Brunswick', 'communication', 'history', '140 years', 'hospitals', 'schools', 'housing', 'hotels', 'stores', 'customers', '100 countries', 'sustainability', 'ISIN', 'ticker', 'TKTT', 'co-optation', 'ratification', 'April', 'Attachment']",2023-02-20,2023-02-20,marketscreener.com
18858,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/KBC-ANCORA-SA-53036/news/Update-on-share-repurchase-program-KBC-Ancora-until-17-February-2023-43035601/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230220,Update on share repurchase program KBC Ancora until 17 February 2023,(marketscreener.com) Regulated information  inside information  Leuven  20 February 2023 Update on share repurchase program KBC Ancora until 17 February 2023 As part of the EUR 50 million share repurchase program  as confirmed on 20 May 2022  KBC Ancora has a…,Regulated information  inside information  Leuven  20 February 2023 (17:40 CET)Update on share repurchase program KBC Ancora until 17 February 2023As part of the EUR 50 million share repurchase program  as confirmed on 20 May 2022  KBC Ancora has announced that it bought back a total of 34 500 shares in the period from 13 February 2023 to 17 February 2023.The following transactions were carried out during the period in question:Transaction date Number of shares Average price (EUR) Lowest price (EUR) Highest price (EUR) Total amount (EUR) Mon 13 February 2023 7 000 49.13 48.70 49.86 343 892.50 Tue 14 February 2023 7 000 49.06 48.94 49.42 343 454.30 Wed 15 February 2023 7 500 48.58 48.08 48.80 364 364.25 Thu 16 February 2023 6 000 49.45 48.92 49.54 296 692.20 Fri 17 February 2023 7 000 49.05 48.78 49.26 343 382.20 TOTAL (period concerned) 34 500 49.04 48.08 49.86 1 691 785.45 TOTAL (overall repurchase program) 1 164 215 37.75 31.68 49.86 43 954 774.82All transactions were carried out in the central order book of Euronext Brussels.Since the start of the share repurchase program on 10 June 2022  KBC Ancora has bought back 1 164 215 of its own shares  or 1.49% of the total number of shares issued (i.e. 78 301 314)  for an average price of 37.75 euros per share and for a total amount of 43 954 775 euros. KBC Ancora has currently implemented 87.91% of the repurchase program.The repurchase program runs within the limits of the share repurchase authorization granted by the Extraordinary General Meeting of Shareholders on 30 October 2020.---------------------------------KBC Ancora is a listed company that holds 18.6% of the shares in KBC Group. Together with Cera  MRBB and the Other Permanent Shareholders  it ensures shareholder stability and the ongoing development of the KBC Group. As core shareholders of KBC Group  they have concluded a shareholders’ agreement to this end.Financial calendar:01 September 2023 Annual press release for the financial year 2022/202326 September 2023 Annual Report for the financial year 2022/2023 available27 October 2023 General Meeting of ShareholdersThis press release is available in Dutch  French and English on the website www.kbcancora.be.KBC Ancora Investor Relations & Press contact: Jan BergmansTel. +32 (0)16 27 96 72email: jan.bergmans@kbcancora.be or mailbox@kbcancora.beAttachment,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,True,English,"['share repurchase program', 'KBC Ancora', 'Update', '17 February', 'EUR 50 million share repurchase program', 'KBC Ancora Investor Relations', 'central order book', 'share repurchase authorization', 'Extraordinary General Meeting', 'Other Permanent Shareholders', 'Annual press release', 'Annual Report', 'Press contact', 'KBC Group', 'Transaction date', 'Average price', 'Lowest price', 'Highest price', 'Euronext Brussels', 'listed company', 'shareholder stability', 'ongoing development', 'Financial calendar', 'financial year', 'core shareholders', 'shareholders’ agreement', 'Regulated information', 'following transactions', 'Total amount', 'Mon 13 February', 'Fri 17 February', 'total number', 'Jan Bergmans', '20 February', '14 February', 'Leuven', 'Update', 'part', '20 May', '34,500 shares', 'period', 'question', 'Tue', 'Wed', 'start', '10 June', '37.75 euros', '43,954,775 euros', 'limits', '30 October', 'Cera', 'MRBB', '01 September', '26 September', '27 October', 'Dutch', 'English', 'website', 'Tel.', 'email', 'kbcancora', 'Attachment']",2023-02-20,2023-02-20,marketscreener.com
18859,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/PIQUADRO-S-P-A-373104/news/Piquadro-S-p-A-322CS-Piquadro-buy-back-purchase-week-February-13-17-2023-43033889/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230220,Piquadro S p A : 322CS Piquadro buy back purchase week February 13 17 2023,(marketscreener.com)   Press release   REPORT ON THE TREASURY SHARES BUY-BACK PLAN OF   PIQUADRO S.P.A.   Silla di Gaggio Montano   February 20  2023. With reference to treasury shares buy-backplan  Piquadro S.p.A. hereby announces that  during the…,Press releaseREPORT ON THE TREASURY SHARES BUY-BACK PLAN OFPIQUADRO S.P.A.Silla di Gaggio Montano (BO)  February 20  2023. With reference to treasury shares buy-backplan  Piquadro S.p.A. hereby announces that  during the period from February 13th to February 17th  2023  it purchased no. 6 452 treasury shares for a total consideration of 12 407.95 Euro  as authorized by the shareholders' meeting on July 25th  2022  already disclosed pursuant to Art. 144- bis of Consob Regulation no. 11971/1999.Details of the daily transactions on the Euronext Milan are as follows:Number of ordinary Average price (Euro) Consideration Date shares purchased (Euro) 02/13/2023 756 1.9500 1 474.20 02/14/2023 1 166 1.9450 2 267.87 02/15/2023 2 370 1.9156 4 539.97 02/16/2023 1 910 1.9082 3 644.66 02/17/2023 250 1.9250 481.25 Total 6 452 1.9231 12 407.95Following the above purchases and considering the treasury shares already in portfolio  as of February 17th  2023 Piquadro S.p.A. holds no. 1 827 870 treasury shares  equal to 3.6557% of the share capital.Piquadro GroupThe Piquadro Group operates in the sector of leather accessories through the Piquadro  The Bridge and Lancel brands. Cornerstones for the three brands is attention to details and the quality of the workmanship as well as the leather but the Piquadro product stands out for its innovative design and technological content  while The Bridge emphasizes the vintage flavor of Tuscan craftsmanship and finally the Lancel collections embody the Parisian allure of a fashion house founded in 1876.The origins of the Group date back to 1987 when Marco Palmieri  now President and Chief Executive Officer  founded his company near Bologna  where it is still headquartered. The distribution network extends over 50 countries around the world and counts 176 mono-brand stores including 81 Piquadro boutiques (53 in Italy and 28 abroad including 48 DOS directly operated stores and 33 franchised stores)  13 The Bridge boutiques (13 in Italy including 11 DOS directly operated stores and 2 franchised) and 82 Lancel boutiques (61 in France and 21 abroad  of which 75 DOS directly operated stores and 7 franchised). The Group's consolidated turnover for the year 2021/2022 ended on March 31  2022  is € 149 4 million. Piquadro S.p.A. has been listed on the Italian Stock Exchange since October 2007.,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,neutral,0.01,0.98,0.01,True,English,"['Piquadro S', '322CS Piquadro', 'purchase', 'February', 'PIQUADRO S.P.A.', 'TREASURY SHARES BUY-BACK PLAN', 'ordinary Average price', 'Chief Executive Officer', 'Italian Stock Exchange', 'Consideration Date shares', 'The Piquadro Group', 'The Bridge boutiques', '81 Piquadro boutiques', '6,452 treasury shares', '1,827,870 treasury shares', 'Piquadro product', 'total consideration', '82 Lancel boutiques', 'The Group', 'Press release', 'Gaggio Montano', ""shareholders' meeting"", 'Consob Regulation', 'daily transactions', 'Euronext Milan', 'share capital', 'Lancel brands', 'three brands', 'innovative design', 'technological content', 'vintage flavor', 'Tuscan craftsmanship', 'Lancel collections', 'Parisian allure', 'fashion house', 'Marco Palmieri', 'distribution network', 'leather accessories', '176 mono-brand stores', '33 franchised stores', 'REPORT', 'Silla', 'February', 'reference', 'backplan', 'period', '407.95 Euro', 'July', 'Art.', 'Details', 'Number', 'purchases', 'portfolio', 'sector', 'Cornerstones', 'attention', 'quality', 'workmanship', 'origins', 'President', 'company', 'Bologna', '50 countries', 'world', 'Italy', '48 DOS', '11 DOS', 'France', '75 DOS', 'turnover', 'year', 'March', 'October', '12']",2023-02-20,2023-02-20,marketscreener.com
18860,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2023/02/20/2611534/0/en/Update-on-share-repurchase-program-KBC-Ancora-until-17-February-2023.html,Update on share repurchase program KBC Ancora until 17 February 2023,Regulated information  inside information  Leuven  20 February 2023 (17:40 CET)  Update on share repurchase program KBC Ancora until 17 February 2023 ...,English Dutch FrenchRegulated information  inside information  Leuven  20 February 2023 (17:40 CET)Update on share repurchase program KBC Ancora until 17 February 2023As part of the EUR 50 million share repurchase program  as confirmed on 20 May 2022  KBC Ancora has announced that it bought back a total of 34 500 shares in the period from 13 February 2023 to 17 February 2023.The following transactions were carried out during the period in question:Transaction date Number of shares Average price (EUR) Lowest price (EUR) Highest price (EUR) Total amount (EUR) Mon 13 February 2023 7 000 49.13 48.70 49.86 343 892.50 Tue 14 February 2023 7 000 49.06 48.94 49.42 343 454.30 Wed 15 February 2023 7 500 48.58 48.08 48.80 364 364.25 Thu 16 February 2023 6 000 49.45 48.92 49.54 296 692.20 Fri 17 February 2023 7 000 49.05 48.78 49.26 343 382.20 TOTAL (period concerned) 34 500 49.04 48.08 49.86 1 691 785.45 TOTAL (overall repurchase program) 1 164 215 37.75 31.68 49.86 43 954 774.82All transactions were carried out in the central order book of Euronext Brussels.Since the start of the share repurchase program on 10 June 2022  KBC Ancora has bought back 1 164 215 of its own shares  or 1.49% of the total number of shares issued (i.e. 78 301 314)  for an average price of 37.75 euros per share and for a total amount of 43 954 775 euros. KBC Ancora has currently implemented 87.91% of the repurchase program.The repurchase program runs within the limits of the share repurchase authorization granted by the Extraordinary General Meeting of Shareholders on 30 October 2020.---------------------------------KBC Ancora is a listed company that holds 18.6% of the shares in KBC Group. Together with Cera  MRBB and the Other Permanent Shareholders  it ensures shareholder stability and the ongoing development of the KBC Group. As core shareholders of KBC Group  they have concluded a shareholders’ agreement to this end.Financial calendar:01 September 2023 Annual press release for the financial year 2022/202326 September 2023 Annual Report for the financial year 2022/2023 available27 October 2023 General Meeting of ShareholdersThis press release is available in Dutch  French and English on the website www.kbcancora.be.KBC Ancora Investor Relations & Press contact: Jan BergmansTel. +32 (0)16 27 96 72email: jan.bergmans@kbcancora.be or mailbox@kbcancora.beAttachment,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,True,English,"['share repurchase program', 'KBC Ancora', 'Update', '17 February', 'EUR 50 million share repurchase program', 'KBC Ancora Investor Relations', 'central order book', 'share repurchase authorization', 'Extraordinary General Meeting', 'Other Permanent Shareholders', 'Annual press release', 'English Dutch French', 'Annual Report', 'Press contact', 'KBC Group', 'Transaction date', 'Average price', 'Lowest price', 'Highest price', 'Euronext Brussels', 'listed company', 'shareholder stability', 'ongoing development', 'Financial calendar', 'financial year', 'core shareholders', 'shareholders’ agreement', 'Regulated information', 'following transactions', 'Total amount', 'Fri 17 February', 'total number', 'Jan Bergmans', '20 February', '13 February', '14 February', '15 February', 'Leuven', 'Update', 'part', '20 May', '34,500 shares', 'period', 'question', 'Mon', 'Wed', 'start', '10 June', '37.75 euros', '43,954,775 euros', 'limits', '30 October', 'Cera', 'MRBB', '01 September', '26 September', '27 October', 'website', 'Tel.', 'email', 'kbcancora', 'Attachment']",2023-02-20,2023-02-20,globenewswire.com
18861,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2023/02/20/2611566/0/en/Tarkett-Marine-Charles-and-Tina-Mayn-appointed-to-the-Supervisory-Board.html,Tarkett: Marine Charles and Tina Mayn appointed to the Supervisory Board,Marine Charles and Tina Mayn appointed to the Supervisory Board   PARIS  FRANCE  February 20  2023 – Tarkett  a world leader in......,"English FrenchMarine Charles and Tina Mayn appointed to the Supervisory BoardPARIS  FRANCE  February 20  2023 – Tarkett  a world leader in innovative and sustainable flooring and sports surface solutions  announces the cooptation1 of Marine Charles and Tina Mayn as new members of the Supervisory Board. These two new members are replacing Agnès Touraine and Véronique Laury who have resigned for personal reasons. On this occasion  Tina Mayn has also been appointed member of the CSR (Corporate Social Responsibility) Committee within the Supervisory Board.“The Supervisory Board is delighted to welcome two new members who will bring extensive international experience  proven CSR expertise and an excellent understanding of the challenges of our ecosystem. As Tarkett continues its long-term plan to create sustainable value  I am confident that Ms. Mayn and Ms. Charles will actively contribute to Tarkett's ambition: to be the easiest  the most innovative and the most sustainable flooring and sport surfaces company to work for and with "" said Eric La Bonnardière  Chairman of the Supervisory Board.Tina Mayn  52  a Danish national  currently serves as Executive Vice President Products  Innovation and Sustainable R&D at Danish company Velux. From 2015 to 2018  she served as Executive Vice President of R&D  Product Portfolio and Global Marketing at Nilfisk  a leading global manufacturer of professional cleaning equipment. Previously  she worked at Electrolux  a Swedish appliance company  as Senior Vice President Global Product Line. She has extensive leadership experience in product management and development  innovation  purchasing and change management.Tina Mayn holds an MBA from the European Institute of Purchasing Management (EIPM) and an Executive Board Education degree from CBS Copenhagen Business School.Marine Charles  41  a French national  is CEO of Saint-Gobain Weber France  the leader in industrial mortars  and a member of the Saint Gobain France Management Committee since February 2022.She began her career in 2004 in strategy consulting at OC&C Strategy Consultants  where she worked in the Paris and London offices. In 2008  she joined the Casino Group where she held the positions of Deputy Director of Group Strategy and Planning and Director of Controlling and Projects for the Group's International Activities (Latin America  Asia  French overseas departments).In 2013  she became Head of Strategy and Development for Saint Gobain's Building Distribution Sector in charge of strategic projects and M&A. She then joined in 2016 Lapeyre  a Saint Gobain subsidiary  as Deputy CEO  before being appointed CEO in 2019.Marine Charles is a graduate of Sciences Po Paris and the business school HEC Entrepreneurs Master's degree.Tarkett's Supervisory Board is now composed of 13 members  including 3 independent members  2 members representing employees and 2 observers.Media ContactBrunswick - tarkett@brunswickgroup.com - +33 (0) 1 53 96 83 83Tarkett – communication@tarkett.comAbout TarkettWith a history of more than 140 years  Tarkett is a worldwide leader in innovative and sustainable flooring and sports surface solutions  generating net sales of € 3.4 billion in 2022. The Group employs 12 000 employees and has 25 R&D centers  8 recycling centers and 34 production sites. Tarkett creates and manufactures solutions for hospitals  schools  housing  hotels  offices  stores and sports fields  serving customers in over 100 countries. To build “The Way to Better Floors ” the Group is committed to circular economy and sustainability  in line with its Tarkett Human‐Conscious Design® approach. Tarkett is listed on the Euronext regulated market (compartment B  ISIN: FR0004188670  ticker: TKTT) www.tarkett‐group.com1 The co-optation is subject to ratification at the next Tarkett General Meeting to be held on April 21  2023.Attachment",neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,positive,0.98,0.01,0.0,True,English,"['Marine Charles', 'Tina Mayn', 'Supervisory Board', 'Tarkett', 'Senior Vice President Global Product Line', 'CSR (Corporate Social Responsibility) Committee', 'Tarkett Human‐Conscious Design® approach', 'Saint Gobain France Management Committee', 'Executive Vice President Products', 'Eric La Bonnardière', 'OC&C Strategy Consultants', 'CBS Copenhagen Business School', 'next Tarkett General Meeting', 'Executive Board Education degree', 'Saint Gobain subsidiary', 'leading global manufacturer', 'Agnès Touraine', 'Véronique Laury', 'professional cleaning equipment', 'extensive leadership experience', 'Saint-Gobain Weber France', 'Building Distribution Sector', 'HEC Entrepreneurs Master', 'Euronext regulated market', 'sport surfaces company', 'Swedish appliance company', 'extensive international experience', '25 R&D centers', 'French overseas departments', 'Sustainable R&D', 'sports surface solutions', 'Sciences Po Paris', 'two new members', 'The Supervisory Board', 'product management', 'Global Marketing', 'CSR expertise', 'change management', 'Danish company', 'sports fields', 'International Activities', '8 recycling centers', 'English French', 'French national', 'Purchasing Management', 'strategy consulting', 'sustainable flooring', 'sustainable value', 'The Group', 'Marine Charles', 'Tina Mayn', 'personal reasons', 'excellent understanding', 'long-term plan', 'Ms. Mayn', 'Ms. Charles', 'Danish national', 'European Institute', 'industrial mortars', 'Latin America', 'M&A', '3 independent members', 'Media Contact', 'net sales', '34 production sites', 'Better Floors', 'circular economy', 'compartment B', 'Group Strategy', 'world leader', 'worldwide leader', 'Casino Group', 'London offices', 'Deputy Director', 'strategic projects', 'Deputy CEO', '13 members', '2 members', 'February', 'innovative', 'cooptation1', 'occasion', 'proven', 'challenges', 'ecosystem', 'ambition', 'Chairman', 'Innovation', 'Velux', 'Portfolio', 'Nilfisk', 'Electrolux', 'development', 'MBA', 'EIPM', 'career', 'positions', 'Planning', 'Controlling', 'Asia', 'Head', 'charge', '2016 Lapeyre', 'graduate', 'employees', '2 observers', 'Brunswick', 'communication', 'history', '140 years', 'hospitals', 'schools', 'housing', 'hotels', 'stores', 'customers', '100 countries', 'Way', 'sustainability', 'ISIN', 'ticker', 'TKTT', 'co-optation', 'ratification', 'April', 'Attachment']",2023-02-20,2023-02-20,globenewswire.com
18862,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/STMICROELECTRONICS-N-V-4710/news/STMicroelectronics-Announces-Status-of-Common-Share-Repurchase-Program-43034338/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230220,STMicroelectronics Announces Status of Common Share Repurchase Program,(marketscreener.com) STMicroelectronics Announces Status ofCommon Share Repurchase Program Disclosure of Transactions in Own Shares – Period from Feb 13  2023 to Feb 17  2023 AMSTERDAM – February 20  2023 -- STMicroelectronics N.V.   a global semiconductor le…,STMicroelectronics Announces Status ofCommon Share Repurchase ProgramDisclosure of Transactions in Own Shares – Period from Feb 13  2023 to Feb 17  2023AMSTERDAM – February 20  2023 -- STMicroelectronics N.V. (the “Company” or “STMicroelectronics”)  a global semiconductor leader serving customers across the spectrum of electronics applications  announces full details of its common share repurchase program (the “Program”) disclosed via a press release dated July 1  2021. The Program was approved by a shareholder resolution dated May 27  2021 and by the supervisory board.STMicroelectronics N.V. (registered with the trade register under number 33194537) (LEI: 213800Z8NOHIKRI42W10) (Ticker: “STM”) announces the repurchase (by a broker acting for the Company) on the regulated market of Euronext Paris  in the period between Feb 13  2023 to Feb 17  2023 (the “Period”)  of 139 089 ordinary shares (equal to 0.02% of its issued share capital) at the weighted average purchase price per share of EUR 45.8388 and for an overall price of EUR 6 375 673.43.The purpose of these transactions under article 5(2) of Regulation (EU) 596/2014 (the Market Abuse Regulation) was to meet obligations arising from share option programmes  or other allocations of shares  to employees or to members of the administrative  management or supervisory bodies of the issuer or of an associate company.The shares may be held in treasury prior to being used for such purpose and  to the extent that they are not ultimately needed for such purpose  they may be used for any other lawful purpose under article 5(2) of the Market Abuse Regulation.Below is a summary of the repurchase transactions made in the course of the Period in relation to the ordinary shares of STM (ISIN: NL0000226223)  in detailed form.Transactions in PeriodDates of transaction Number of shares purchased Weighted average purchase price per share (EUR) Total amount paid (EUR) Market on which the shares were bought (MIC code) 2/13/2023 28 268 45.1631 1 276 670.51 XPAR 2/14/2023 27 836 45.6581 1 270 938.87 XPAR 2/15/2023 27 701 45.9712 1 273 448.21 XPAR 2/16/2023 27 346 46.5672 1 273 426.65 XPAR 2/17/2023 27 938 45.8583 1 281 189.19 XPAR Total for Period 139 089 45.8388 6 375 673.43Following the share buybacks detailed above  the Company holds in total 8 524 747 treasury shares  which represents approximately 0.9% of the Company’s issued share capital.In accordance with Article 5(1)(b) of the Market Abuse Regulation and Article 2(3) of Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) 2016/1052  a full breakdown of the individual trades in the Program are disclosed on the ST website (https://investors.st.com/stock-and-bond-information/share-buyback).About STMicroelectronicsAt ST  we are more than 50 000 creators and makers of semiconductor technologies mastering the semiconductor supply chain with state-of-the-art manufacturing facilities. An integrated device manufacturer  we work with more than 200 000 customers and thousands of partners to design and build products  solutions  and ecosystems that address their challenges and opportunities  and the need to support a more sustainable world. Our technologies enable smarter mobility  more efficient power and energy management  and the wide-scale deployment of the Internet of Things and connectivity. ST is committed to becoming carbon neutral by 2027. Further information can be found at www.st.com.For further information  please contact:INVESTOR RELATIONS:Céline BerthierGroup VP  Investor RelationsTel: +41.22.929.58.12celine.berthier@st.comMEDIA RELATIONS:Alexis BretonCorporate External CommunicationsTel: +33.6.59.16.79.08alexis.breton@st.comAttachment,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,negative,0.0,0.28,0.72,True,English,"['Common Share Repurchase Program', 'STMicroelectronics', 'Status', 'Céline Berthier Group VP', 'Common Share Repurchase Program', 'art manufacturing facilities', 'integrated device manufacturer', 'Corporate External Communications', 'global semiconductor leader', 'average purchase price', 'semiconductor supply chain', 'Commission Delegated Regulation', 'share option programmes', 'Market Abuse Regulation', 'STMicroelectronics N.V.', 'other lawful purpose', 'overall price', 'other allocations', 'regulated market', 'share capital', 'share buybacks', 'semiconductor technologies', 'electronics applications', 'full details', 'press release', 'shareholder resolution', 'supervisory board', 'trade register', 'Euronext Paris', 'administrative, management', 'supervisory bodies', 'repurchase transactions', 'detailed form', 'MIC code', 'full breakdown', 'individual trades', 'sustainable world', 'smarter mobility', 'efficient power', 'energy management', 'wide-scale deployment', 'INVESTOR RELATIONS', 'MEDIA RELATIONS', 'Total amount', 'Own Shares', '139,089 ordinary shares', 'ST website', 'investors.st', 'Alexis Breton', 'Further information', 'associate company', 'Period Dates', '8,524,747 treasury shares', 'XPAR Total', 'Status', 'Disclosure', 'Feb', 'AMSTERDAM', 'customers', 'spectrum', 'number', 'Ticker', 'broker', 'article', 'obligations', 'employees', 'members', 'issuer', 'extent', 'summary', 'course', 'ISIN', 'accordance', 'bond', '50,000 creators', 'makers', 'state', 'thousands', 'partners', 'products', 'solutions', 'ecosystems', 'challenges', 'opportunities', 'need', 'Internet', 'Things', 'connectivity', 'Attachment']",2023-02-20,2023-02-20,marketscreener.com
18863,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/BOUSSARD-GAVAUDAN-HOLDI-3840782/news/BGHL-GBP-NAV-s-43032241/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230220,BGHL (GBP): NAV(s),(marketscreener.com)                                       BOUSSARD & GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITED Ordinary Shares The Directors of Boussard & Gavaudan Holding Limited would like...https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/BOUSSARD-GAVAUDAN-HOLDI-3840782/news/BG…,"BOUSSARD & GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITEDOrdinary SharesThe Directors of Boussard & Gavaudan Holding Limited would like to announce the following information for the Company.Close of business 17 Feb 2023.Estimated NAVEuro Shares Sterling Shares Estimated NAV € 27.3150 £ 24.0699 Estimated MTD return 0.19 % 0.25 % Estimated YTD return -1.64 % -1.46 % Estimated ITD return 173.15 % 140.70 %NAV and returns are calculated net of management and performance feesMarket informationEuro Shares Amsterdam (AEX) London (LSE) Market Close € 22.20 N/A Premium/discount to estimated NAV -18.73 % N/A Sterling Shares Amsterdam (AEX) London (LSE) Market Close N/A GBX 1 900.00 Premium/discount to estimated NAV N/A -21.06 %Transactions in own securities purchased into treasuryOrdinary Shares Euro Shares Sterling Shares Number of shares N/A N/A Average Price N/A N/A Range of Price N/A N/ALiquidity Enhancement Agreement Euro Shares Sterling Shares Number of shares N/A N/A Average Price N/A N/ABGHL CapitalBGHL Ordinary Shares Euro Shares Sterling Shares Shares Outstanding 12 297 058 126 294 Held in treasury 800 N/A Shares Issued 12 297 858 126 294Estimated BG Fund NAVClass B Euro Shares (estimated) € 239.6158 Class GBP A Shares (estimated) £ 128.4687The Class B Euro Shares of BG Fund are not subject to investment manager fees  as the Investment Manager receives management fees and performance fees in respect of its role as Investment Manager of BGHL.For further information please contact:Boussard & Gavaudan Investment Management  LLP.Emmanuel Gavaudan +44 (0) 20 3751 5389 Email : info@bgam-uk.comThe Company is established as a closed-ended investment company domiciled in Guernsey. The Company has received the necessary approval of the Guernsey Financial Services Commission and the States of Guernsey Policy Council. The Company is registered with the Dutch Authority for the Financial Markets as a collective investment scheme pursuant to article 2:73 in conjunction with 2:66 of the Dutch Financial Supervision Act (Wet op het financieel toezicht). The shares of the Company (the ""Shares"") are listed on Euronext Amsterdam. The Shares are also listed on the Official List of the UK Listing Authority and admitted to trading on the London Stock Exchange plc's main market for listed securities.This is not an offer to sell or a solicitation of any offer to buy any securities in the United States or in any other jurisdiction. This announcement is not intended to and does not constitute  or form part of  any offer or invitation to purchase any securities or the solicitation of any vote or approval in any jurisdiction  nor shall there be any sale  issuance or transfer of the securities referred to in this announcement in any jurisdiction in contravention of applicable law.Neither the Company nor BG Fund ICAV has been  and neither will be  registered under the US Investment Company Act of 1940  as amended (the ""Investment Company Act""). In addition the securities referenced in this announcement have not been and will not be registered under the US Securities Act of 1933  as amended (the ""Securities Act""). Consequently any such securities may not be offered  sold or otherwise transferred within the United States or to  or for the account or benefit of  US persons except in accordance with the Securities Act or an exemption therefrom and under circumstances which will not require the issuer of such securities to register under the Investment Company Act. No public offering of any securities will be made in the United States.You should always bear in mind that:all investment is subject to risk;results in the past are no guarantee of future results;the investment performance of BGHL may go down as well as up. You may not get back all of your original investment; andif you are in any doubt about the contents of this communication or if you consider making an investment decision  you are advised to seek expert financial advice.This communication is for information purposes only and the information contained in this communication should not be relied upon as a substitute for financial or other professional advice.Attachment",neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,negative,0.0,0.23,0.77,True,English,"['BGHL', 'GBP', 'NAV', 'A Liquidity Enhancement Agreement Euro Shares Sterling Shares Number', 'The Class B Euro Shares', 'GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITED Ordinary Shares', 'BGHL Ordinary Shares Euro Shares', 'Class GBP A Shares', 'A N/A Average Price', 'N/A Sterling Shares Amsterdam', 'London Stock Exchange plc', 'Guernsey Financial Services Commission', 'Dutch Financial Supervision Act', 'Sterling Shares Shares', 'Euro Shares Amsterdam', 'A N/A Range', 'US Investment Company Act', 'expert financial advice', 'Guernsey Policy Council', 'collective investment scheme', 'other professional advice', 'BG Fund ICAV', 'Gavaudan Investment Management', 'closed-ended investment company', 'UK Listing Authority', 'US Securities Act', 'investment manager fees', '800 N/A Shares', 'BG Fund NAV', 'The Shares', 'Dutch Authority', 'Emmanuel Gavaudan', 'N/A GBX', 'Euronext Amsterdam', 'US persons', 'Financial Markets', 'The Directors', 'The Company', 'investment performance', 'original investment', 'investment decision', 'performance fees', 'BGHL Capital', 'management fees', 'MTD return', 'YTD return', 'ITD return', 'financieel toezicht', 'Official List', 'applicable law', 'public offering', 'other jurisdiction', 'main market', 'United States', 'following information', 'information purposes', 'necessary approval', 'future results', 'listed securities', 'Market information', 'LSE) Market', 'BOUSSARD', 'business', 'returns', 'AEX', 'Transactions', 'treasury', 'respect', 'role', 'LLP.', 'Email', 'article', 'conjunction', 'solicitation', 'announcement', 'part', 'invitation', 'vote', 'sale', 'issuance', 'transfer', 'contravention', 'addition', 'account', 'benefit', 'accordance', 'exemption', 'circumstances', 'issuer', 'mind', 'risk', 'past', 'guarantee', 'doubt', 'contents', 'communication', 'substitute', 'Attachment', '73']",2023-02-20,2023-02-20,marketscreener.com
18864,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2023/02/20/2611552/0/en/WINFARM-strengthens-its-teams-in-view-of-accelerating-its-development.html,WINFARM strengthens its teams in view of accelerating its development,PRESS RELEASE Loudéac  20 February 2023    WINFARM strengthens its teams in view of accelerating its development  Appointment of Fanny Adam as Head of......,"French EnglishPRESS RELEASELoudéac  20 February 2023WINFARM strengthens its teams in view of accelerating its developmentAppointment of Fanny Adam as Head of Institutional Communications and Public Relations and Christèle Dioré as Head of Quality and Sustainable DevelopmentWINFARM (ISIN: FR0014000P11 - ticker: ALWF) the leading French player offering a range of advisory  service  and remote sales products and solutions for farmers and breeders  announces the appointment of two new experts in view of extending WINFARM’s reach  solidifying its position in a changing agricultural ecosystem and further boosting the Group’s reputation.With a Ph.D. in Science from the Université Européenne de Bretagne and a marketing and digital communications strategy certificate from UCLA Extension  Fanny Adam has joined WINFARM as Head of Institutional Communications and Public Relations. Fanny has 17 years’ experience in the management of complex projects (including 7 years in Research and Development)  offering her a solid background in communications issues and strategies for organisations  both in France and abroad. Her expertise covers a range of areas including decision-making in development strategy  internal communications  media relations  and reputation management.An agrifood engineer trained at the Institut Agro Rennes (Agrocampus Ouest)  Christèle Dioré has joined WINFARM as Head of Quality & Sustainable Development. As such  Christèle is in charge of coordinating actions to promote quality and the safety of property  persons and the environment  drawing on her experience in several areas of the food and feed industry and in cosmetics packaging. She now uses these tools to integrate responsible and sustainable aspects of strategy and management into concrete actions by developing policy  communication  organisation  and methods to create an operational approach involving all of WINFARM’s teams.Patrice Etienne  CEO and founder of WINFARM  said: “I am delighted to welcome Fanny and Christèle to our teams. Their expertise and wide-ranging experience will be precious assets to support and promote our growth trajectory in the coming months. These new arrivals will strengthen the structure of our teams  allowing us to deploy our ambitious growth strategy and support the implementation of our strategic plan.”Fanny Adam  Head of Institutional Communications and Public Relations  added: “I was interested in the strong and very bold entrepreneurial aspect of WINFARM’s project in a challenging economic and societal context. Food sovereignty  nutrition and the revitalisation of the regions are already key priorities that should only become more important in the coming years. This is a strong driver of development of the Group's image among institutions and  more generally  all its stakeholders. I am thrilled to put both my skills and my motivation to work for the exciting project of extending WINFARM’s reach at the regional  national  and international levels.”Christèle Dioré  Head of Quality and Sustainable Development  concluded: “Since my arrival  I have supported WINFARM Group in its projects to carry out a sustainable transition integrating  in particular  regulatory requirements and actions for a development rooted in positive relationships with partners both inside and outside the company  and in the environment and the territories. Along with the entire managerial team  we are building the organisation  tools and projects for a development that combines growth objectives with good social  ethical  and environmental practices to contribute to the 2030 Sustainable Development Goals and thus to participate  through all of its businesses  in a sustainable transformation for the Planet and its inhabitants. This is also the driving force of my commitment and the actions I now enthusiastically carry out with WINFARM Group’s teams.”About WINFARMFounded in Loudéac  in the heart of Brittany  in the early 1990s  WINFARM is now the French player offering a range of advisory  service  and remote sales products and solutions for farmers and breeders. WINFARM offers farmers and breeders comprehensive  unique and integrated solutions to help them meet the new technological  economic  environmental and social challenges of the next generation of agriculture. With a vast catalogue of 15 000 product references (seeds  phytosanitary and harvesting products  etc.)  two-thirds of which are own brands  WINFARM has nearly 50 000 customers in France and Belgium.WINFARM generated revenue of €131m in 2022. By 2025  WINFARM aims to achieve revenue of around €200m and an EBITDA margin of about 6.5%.The company is listed on Euronext Growth Paris (ISIN: FR0014000P11 - ticker: ALWF) - Eligible for PEA PME equity savings plans - Certified as an ""Innovative Company"" by bpifrance.For more information about the company: www.winfarm-group.comContacts:WINFARMinvestisseurs@winfarm-group.com ACTIFIN  Financial CommunicationsBenjamin Lehari+33 (0)1 56 88 11 25winfarm@actifin.frACTIFIN  Financial Press RelationsLoris Daougabel+33 (0)1 56 88 11 16ldaougabel@actifin.frAttachment",neutral,0.37,0.63,0.0,positive,0.77,0.22,0.0,True,English,"['WINFARM', 'teams', 'view', 'development', 'PEA PME equity savings plans', 'new technological, economic, environmental', 'digital communications strategy certificate', 'two new experts', 'changing agricultural ecosystem', 'Européenne de', 'Institut Agro Rennes', 'bold entrepreneurial aspect', 'entire managerial team', 'remote sales products', 'Euronext Growth Paris', 'Christèle Dioré', 'ambitious growth strategy', 'leading French player', 'Financial Press Relations', '2030 Sustainable Development Goals', 'new arrivals', 'challenging economic', 'environmental practices', 'Financial Communications', 'harvesting products', 'PRESS RELEASE', 'growth trajectory', 'growth objectives', 'French English', 'Institutional Communications', 'communications issues', 'internal communications', 'Public Relations', 'media relations', 'sustainable aspects', 'sustainable transition', 'sustainable transformation', 'development strategy', 'Loudéac', 'Ph.D.', 'UCLA Extension', 'solid background', 'agrifood engineer', 'Agrocampus Ouest', 'feed industry', 'cosmetics packaging', 'operational approach', 'Patrice Etienne', 'precious assets', 'coming months', 'strategic plan', 'societal context', 'key priorities', 'regional, national', 'international levels', 'regulatory requirements', 'positive relationships', 'driving force', 'early 1990s', 'comprehensive, unique', 'social challenges', 'next generation', 'vast catalogue', '15,000 product references', 'EBITDA margin', 'Benjamin Lehari', 'Loris Daoug', 'wide-ranging experience', 'coming years', 'Fanny Adam', 'several areas', 'Food sovereignty', 'strong driver', 'exciting project', 'advisory, service', '17 years’ experience', 'complex projects', 'integrated solutions', 'concrete actions', 'Innovative Company', 'reputation management', 'WINFARM Group', '20 February', 'teams', 'view', 'Appointment', 'Head', 'Quality', 'ticker', 'ALWF', 'range', 'farmers', 'breeders', 'reach', 'position', 'Science', 'Bretagne', 'marketing', 'Research', 'strategies', 'organisations', 'France', 'expertise', 'decision-making', 'charge', 'safety', 'property', 'persons', 'tools', 'responsible', 'policy', 'methods', 'CEO', 'founder', 'structure', 'implementation', 'nutrition', 'revitalisation', 'regions', 'image', 'institutions', 'stakeholders', 'skills', 'motivation', 'partners', 'territories', 'businesses', 'Planet', 'inhabitants', 'commitment', 'heart', 'Brittany', 'agriculture', 'seeds', 'phytosanitary', 'two-thirds', 'brands', '50,000 customers', 'Belgium', 'revenue', 'information', 'Contacts', 'ACTIFIN', '2025']",2023-02-20,2023-02-20,globenewswire.com
18865,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/WINFARM-116202791/news/WINFARM-strengthens-its-teams-in-view-of-accelerating-its-development-43035698/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230220,WINFARM strengthens its teams in view of accelerating its development,"(marketscreener.com) Eligible for PEA PME equity savings plans - Certified as an ""Innovative Company"" by bpifrance. For more information about the company: www.winfarm-group.com Contacts: WINFARMinvestisseurs@winfarm-group.com ACTIFIN  Financial Communication…","PRESS RELEASELoudéac  20 February 2023WINFARM strengthens its teams in view of accelerating its developmentAppointment of Fanny Adam as Head of Institutional Communications and Public Relations and Christèle Dioré as Head of Quality and Sustainable DevelopmentWINFARM (ISIN: FR0014000P11 - ticker: ALWF) the leading French player offering a range of advisory  service  and remote sales products and solutions for farmers and breeders  announces the appointment of two new experts in view of extending WINFARM’s reach  solidifying its position in a changing agricultural ecosystem and further boosting the Group’s reputation.With a Ph.D. in Science from the Université Européenne de Bretagne and a marketing and digital communications strategy certificate from UCLA Extension  Fanny Adam has joined WINFARM as Head of Institutional Communications and Public Relations. Fanny has 17 years’ experience in the management of complex projects (including 7 years in Research and Development)  offering her a solid background in communications issues and strategies for organisations  both in France and abroad. Her expertise covers a range of areas including decision-making in development strategy  internal communications  media relations  and reputation management.An agrifood engineer trained at the Institut Agro Rennes (Agrocampus Ouest)  Christèle Dioré has joined WINFARM as Head of Quality & Sustainable Development. As such  Christèle is in charge of coordinating actions to promote quality and the safety of property  persons and the environment  drawing on her experience in several areas of the food and feed industry and in cosmetics packaging. She now uses these tools to integrate responsible and sustainable aspects of strategy and management into concrete actions by developing policy  communication  organisation  and methods to create an operational approach involving all of WINFARM’s teams.Patrice Etienne  CEO and founder of WINFARM  said: “I am delighted to welcome Fanny and Christèle to our teams. Their expertise and wide-ranging experience will be precious assets to support and promote our growth trajectory in the coming months. These new arrivals will strengthen the structure of our teams  allowing us to deploy our ambitious growth strategy and support the implementation of our strategic plan.”Fanny Adam  Head of Institutional Communications and Public Relations  added: “I was interested in the strong and very bold entrepreneurial aspect of WINFARM’s project in a challenging economic and societal context. Food sovereignty  nutrition and the revitalisation of the regions are already key priorities that should only become more important in the coming years. This is a strong driver of development of the Group's image among institutions and  more generally  all its stakeholders. I am thrilled to put both my skills and my motivation to work for the exciting project of extending WINFARM’s reach at the regional  national  and international levels.”Christèle Dioré  Head of Quality and Sustainable Development  concluded: “Since my arrival  I have supported WINFARM Group in its projects to carry out a sustainable transition integrating  in particular  regulatory requirements and actions for a development rooted in positive relationships with partners both inside and outside the company  and in the environment and the territories. Along with the entire managerial team  we are building the organisation  tools and projects for a development that combines growth objectives with good social  ethical  and environmental practices to contribute to the 2030 Sustainable Development Goals and thus to participate  through all of its businesses  in a sustainable transformation for the Planet and its inhabitants. This is also the driving force of my commitment and the actions I now enthusiastically carry out with WINFARM Group’s teams.”About WINFARMFounded in Loudéac  in the heart of Brittany  in the early 1990s  WINFARM is now the French player offering a range of advisory  service  and remote sales products and solutions for farmers and breeders. WINFARM offers farmers and breeders comprehensive  unique and integrated solutions to help them meet the new technological  economic  environmental and social challenges of the next generation of agriculture. With a vast catalogue of 15 000 product references (seeds  phytosanitary and harvesting products  etc.)  two-thirds of which are own brands  WINFARM has nearly 50 000 customers in France and Belgium.WINFARM generated revenue of €131m in 2022. By 2025  WINFARM aims to achieve revenue of around €200m and an EBITDA margin of about 6.5%.The company is listed on Euronext Growth Paris (ISIN: FR0014000P11 - ticker: ALWF) - Eligible for PEA PME equity savings plans - Certified as an ""Innovative Company"" by bpifrance.For more information about the company: www.winfarm-group.comContacts:WINFARMinvestisseurs@winfarm-group.com ACTIFIN  Financial CommunicationsBenjamin Lehari+33 (0)1 56 88 11 25winfarm@actifin.frACTIFIN  Financial Press RelationsLoris Daougabel+33 (0)1 56 88 11 16ldaougabel@actifin.frAttachment",neutral,0.37,0.63,0.0,positive,0.81,0.19,0.01,True,English,"['WINFARM', 'teams', 'view', 'development', 'PEA PME equity savings plans', 'new technological, economic, environmental', 'digital communications strategy certificate', 'two new experts', 'changing agricultural ecosystem', 'Européenne de', 'Institut Agro Rennes', 'bold entrepreneurial aspect', 'entire managerial team', 'remote sales products', 'Euronext Growth Paris', 'Christèle Dioré', 'leading French player', 'ambitious growth strategy', 'Financial Press Relations', '2030 Sustainable Development Goals', 'new arrivals', 'challenging economic', 'environmental practices', 'Financial Communications', 'harvesting products', 'PRESS RELEASE', 'growth trajectory', 'growth objectives', 'Institutional Communications', 'communications issues', 'internal communications', 'Public Relations', 'media relations', 'sustainable aspects', 'sustainable transition', 'sustainable transformation', 'development strategy', 'Loudéac', 'Ph.D.', 'UCLA Extension', 'solid background', 'agrifood engineer', 'Agrocampus Ouest', 'feed industry', 'cosmetics packaging', 'operational approach', 'Patrice Etienne', 'precious assets', 'coming months', 'strategic plan', 'societal context', 'key priorities', 'regional, national', 'international levels', 'regulatory requirements', 'positive relationships', 'driving force', 'early 1990s', 'comprehensive, unique', 'social challenges', 'next generation', 'vast catalogue', '15,000 product references', 'EBITDA margin', 'Benjamin Lehari', 'Loris Daougabel', 'wide-ranging experience', 'coming years', 'Fanny Adam', 'several areas', 'Food sovereignty', 'strong driver', 'exciting project', 'advisory, service', '17 years’ experience', 'complex projects', 'integrated solutions', 'concrete actions', 'Innovative Company', 'reputation management', 'WINFARM Group', '20 February', 'teams', 'view', 'Appointment', 'Head', 'Quality', 'ticker', 'ALWF', 'range', 'farmers', 'breeders', 'reach', 'position', 'Science', 'Bretagne', 'marketing', 'Research', 'strategies', 'organisations', 'France', 'expertise', 'decision-making', 'charge', 'safety', 'property', 'persons', 'tools', 'responsible', 'policy', 'methods', 'CEO', 'founder', 'structure', 'implementation', 'nutrition', 'revitalisation', 'regions', 'image', 'institutions', 'stakeholders', 'skills', 'motivation', 'partners', 'territories', 'businesses', 'Planet', 'inhabitants', 'commitment', 'heart', 'Brittany', 'agriculture', 'seeds', 'phytosanitary', 'two-thirds', 'brands', '50,000 customers', 'Belgium', 'revenue', 'information', 'Contacts', 'ACTIFIN']",2023-02-20,2023-02-20,marketscreener.com
18866,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/BOUSSARD-GAVAUDAN-HOLDI-36044/news/BGHL-EUR-NAV-s-43032238/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230220,BGHL (EUR): NAV(s),(marketscreener.com)                                       BOUSSARD & GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITED Ordinary Shares The Directors of Boussard & Gavaudan Holding Limited would...https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/BOUSSARD-GAVAUDAN-HOLDI-36044/news/BGHL-EUR-…,"BOUSSARD & GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITEDOrdinary SharesThe Directors of Boussard & Gavaudan Holding Limited would like to announce the following information for the Company.Close of business 17 Feb 2023.Estimated NAVEuro Shares Sterling Shares Estimated NAV € 27.3150 £ 24.0699 Estimated MTD return 0.19 % 0.25 % Estimated YTD return -1.64 % -1.46 % Estimated ITD return 173.15 % 140.70 %NAV and returns are calculated net of management and performance feesMarket informationEuro Shares Amsterdam (AEX) London (LSE) Market Close € 22.20 N/A Premium/discount to estimated NAV -18.73 % N/A Sterling Shares Amsterdam (AEX) London (LSE) Market Close N/A GBX 1 900.00 Premium/discount to estimated NAV N/A -21.06 %Transactions in own securities purchased into treasuryOrdinary Shares Euro Shares Sterling Shares Number of shares N/A N/A Average Price N/A N/A Range of Price N/A N/ALiquidity Enhancement Agreement Euro Shares Sterling Shares Number of shares N/A N/A Average Price N/A N/ABGHL CapitalBGHL Ordinary Shares Euro Shares Sterling Shares Shares Outstanding 12 297 058 126 294 Held in treasury 800 N/A Shares Issued 12 297 858 126 294Estimated BG Fund NAVClass B Euro Shares (estimated) € 239.6158 Class GBP A Shares (estimated) £ 128.4687The Class B Euro Shares of BG Fund are not subject to investment manager fees  as the Investment Manager receives management fees and performance fees in respect of its role as Investment Manager of BGHL.For further information please contact:Boussard & Gavaudan Investment Management  LLP.Emmanuel Gavaudan +44 (0) 20 3751 5389 Email : info@bgam-uk.comThe Company is established as a closed-ended investment company domiciled in Guernsey. The Company has received the necessary approval of the Guernsey Financial Services Commission and the States of Guernsey Policy Council. The Company is registered with the Dutch Authority for the Financial Markets as a collective investment scheme pursuant to article 2:73 in conjunction with 2:66 of the Dutch Financial Supervision Act (Wet op het financieel toezicht). The shares of the Company (the ""Shares"") are listed on Euronext Amsterdam. The Shares are also listed on the Official List of the UK Listing Authority and admitted to trading on the London Stock Exchange plc's main market for listed securities.This is not an offer to sell or a solicitation of any offer to buy any securities in the United States or in any other jurisdiction. This announcement is not intended to and does not constitute  or form part of  any offer or invitation to purchase any securities or the solicitation of any vote or approval in any jurisdiction  nor shall there be any sale  issuance or transfer of the securities referred to in this announcement in any jurisdiction in contravention of applicable law.Neither the Company nor BG Fund ICAV has been  and neither will be  registered under the US Investment Company Act of 1940  as amended (the ""Investment Company Act""). In addition the securities referenced in this announcement have not been and will not be registered under the US Securities Act of 1933  as amended (the ""Securities Act""). Consequently any such securities may not be offered  sold or otherwise transferred within the United States or to  or for the account or benefit of  US persons except in accordance with the Securities Act or an exemption therefrom and under circumstances which will not require the issuer of such securities to register under the Investment Company Act. No public offering of any securities will be made in the United States.You should always bear in mind that:all investment is subject to risk;results in the past are no guarantee of future results;the investment performance of BGHL may go down as well as up. You may not get back all of your original investment; andif you are in any doubt about the contents of this communication or if you consider making an investment decision  you are advised to seek expert financial advice.This communication is for information purposes only and the information contained in this communication should not be relied upon as a substitute for financial or other professional advice.Attachment",neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,negative,0.0,0.23,0.77,True,English,"['BGHL', 'EUR', 'NAV', 'A Liquidity Enhancement Agreement Euro Shares Sterling Shares Number', 'The Class B Euro Shares', 'GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITED Ordinary Shares', 'BGHL Ordinary Shares Euro Shares', 'Class GBP A Shares', 'A N/A Average Price', 'N/A Sterling Shares Amsterdam', 'London Stock Exchange plc', 'Guernsey Financial Services Commission', 'Dutch Financial Supervision Act', 'Sterling Shares Shares', 'Euro Shares Amsterdam', 'A N/A Range', 'US Investment Company Act', 'expert financial advice', 'Guernsey Policy Council', 'collective investment scheme', 'other professional advice', 'BG Fund ICAV', 'Gavaudan Investment Management', 'closed-ended investment company', 'UK Listing Authority', 'US Securities Act', 'investment manager fees', '800 N/A Shares', 'BG Fund NAV', 'The Shares', 'Dutch Authority', 'Emmanuel Gavaudan', 'N/A GBX', 'Euronext Amsterdam', 'US persons', 'Financial Markets', 'The Directors', 'The Company', 'investment performance', 'original investment', 'investment decision', 'performance fees', 'BGHL Capital', 'management fees', 'MTD return', 'YTD return', 'ITD return', 'financieel toezicht', 'Official List', 'applicable law', 'public offering', 'other jurisdiction', 'main market', 'United States', 'following information', 'information purposes', 'necessary approval', 'future results', 'listed securities', 'Market information', 'LSE) Market', 'BOUSSARD', 'business', 'returns', 'AEX', 'Transactions', 'treasury', 'respect', 'role', 'LLP.', 'Email', 'article', 'conjunction', 'solicitation', 'announcement', 'part', 'invitation', 'vote', 'sale', 'issuance', 'transfer', 'contravention', 'addition', 'account', 'benefit', 'accordance', 'exemption', 'circumstances', 'issuer', 'mind', 'risk', 'past', 'guarantee', 'doubt', 'contents', 'communication', 'substitute', 'Attachment', '73']",2023-02-20,2023-02-20,marketscreener.com
18867,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/BAVARIAN-NORDIC-A-S-1412846/news/Bavarian-Nordic-A-S-Launches-Offering-of-up-to-7-046-839-New-Shares-in-a-Directed-Issue-43035496/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230220,Bavarian Nordic A/S Launches Offering of up to 7 046 839 New Shares in a Directed Issue,(marketscreener.com) NOT FOR RELEASE  PUBLICATION OR DISTRIBUTION IN WHOLE OR IN PART IN OR INTO THE UNITED STATES  CANADA  JAPAN  SOUTH AFRICA  HONG KONG OR AUSTRALIA  EXCEPT AS PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW  OR IN ANY OTHER JURISDICTION IN WHICH SUCH RELEASE …,"NOT FOR RELEASE  PUBLICATION OR DISTRIBUTION IN WHOLE OR IN PART IN OR INTO THE UNITED STATES  CANADA  JAPAN  SOUTH AFRICA  HONG KONG OR AUSTRALIA  EXCEPT AS PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW  OR IN ANY OTHER JURISDICTION IN WHICH SUCH RELEASE  PUBLICATION OR DISTRIBUTION IS UNLAWFUL.COPENHAGEN  Denmark  February 20  2023 – Bavarian Nordic A/S (OMX: BAVA  OTC: BVNRY) (“Bavarian Nordic” or the “Company”) has resolved to launch an offering (the “Offering”) of new shares (the “New Shares”). The Offering will begin immediately and will be completed through an accelerated bookbuilding process consisting of up to 7 046 839 New Shares of DKK 10 each  representing up to 9.96% of Bavarian Nordic’s currently registered share capital in a private placement directed at qualified institutional and professional investors in Denmark and certain other jurisdictions.USE OF PROCEEDS AND BACKGROUND FOR THE OFFERINGBavarian Nordic remains committed to the vision of becoming a leading pure-play vaccine company through organic growth and launch of new products from its R&D pipeline  combined with a selective M&A approach focused on products which fit strategically into the Company’s infectious disease portfolio. The net proceeds from the Offering are intended to be used for payment of the purchase price in respect of the Company’s contemplated acquisition of a portfolio of travel vaccines from Emergent BioSolutions as announced in Company Announcement no. 03 / 2023.Through this acquisition  Bavarian Nordic:Adds two revenue-generating vaccines for the prevention of cholera and typhoid fever that will establish Bavarian Nordic as a global leader in travel vaccinesBroadens its development pipeline with a late-stage Chikungunya vaccine candidate with significant synergistic market opportunity in areas with a high unmet medical needExpands its manufacturing footprint and flexibility with facility in Switzerland and adds research competences with facility in San Diego  CATHE OFFERINGThe Offering will be made pursuant to applicable exemptions from the obligation to publish a prospectus to eligible qualified and professional institutional investors in Denmark and in certain other jurisdictions at market price and without pre-emption rights for the Company's existing shareholders. The Offering is not underwritten.Books will open immediately and can close at any time. The offer price will be determined after the close of the accelerated bookbuilding process. The final pricing and number of New Shares is expected to be announced as soon as practically possible thereafter.Bavarian Nordic has in connection with the Offering  agreed to undertake a lock-up commitment for 180 calendar days following settlement of the Offering (subject to certain exceptions). In addition  members elected at the general meeting of Bavarian Nordic's board of directors as well as members of the executive management have in connection with the Offering  agreed to undertake a lock-up commitment for 90 calendar days following settlement of the Offering (subject to certain exceptions).JOINT GLOBAL COORDINATORS AND JOINT BOOKRUNNERSDanske Bank A/S  Morgan Stanley & Co. International plc and Nordea Danmark  filial af Nordea Bank Abp  Finland are acting as Joint Global Coordinators and Joint Bookrunners in connection with the Offering (jointly the ""Joint Global Coordinators and Joint Bookrunners"").Kromann Reumert and Latham & Watkins LLP act as Danish and U.S. legal advisors respectively to the Company. Plesner acts as Danish legal advisors to the Joint Global Coordinators and Joint Bookrunners.NEW SHARESThe decision to launch an offering of up to 7 046 839 New Shares  of a nominal value of DKK 10 each  in a directed issue is made pursuant to Article 5a(2) in Bavarian Nordic’s Articles of Association according to which the Board of Directors is authorized to make share capital increases without pre-emption rights for the existing shareholders at market price.The New Shares will rank pari passu in all respects with existing shares in Bavarian Nordic. The New Shares will be negotiable instruments  and no restrictions will apply to their transferability. No shares  including the New Shares  carry or will carry any special rights. Rights conferred by the New Shares  including voting rights and dividend rights  will apply from the time when the capital increase is registered with the Danish Business Authority. The New Shares must be registered in the name of the holder in the Company’s register of shareholders.The Offering represents up to 9.96% of the current registered share capital before the Offering and up to 9.06% of the registered share capital post the Offering.The New Shares will be issued under the temporary ISIN code DK0062266201. No application for admission to trading and official listing has been  or will be  filed for the New Shares issued under the temporary ISIN code  and the temporary ISIN code will only be registered with VP Securities A/S (“Euronext Securities”) for subscription of the New Shares. The temporary ISIN code in Euronext Securities will be merged with the permanent ISIN code for the existing shares  DK0015998017  as soon as possible following registration of the share capital increase with the Danish Business Authority. The New Shares are expected to be admitted to trading and official listing on Nasdaq Copenhagen A/S in the permanent ISIN code for the existing shares  DK0015998017  on or around 24 February 2023.The admission to trading and official listing of the New Shares is subject to the Offering not being withdrawn prior to the settlement of the Offering and the Company making an announcement to that effect.SETTLEMENTThe Offering will be settled through Euronext Securities by way of book entry against cash payment.EXPECTED TIMETABLE FOR THE OFFERINGDate Event Expected Monday 20 February 2023 Launch  pricing and allocation Expected Monday 20 February 2023 Announcement of the results of the Offering Expected Thursday 23 February 2023 Settlement and payment for the New Shares Expected Thursday 23 February 2023 Registration of the capital increase with the Danish Business Authority Expected Friday 24 February 2023 Admission to trading and official listing of the New Shares on Nasdaq Copenhagen A/SAbout Bavarian NordicBavarian Nordic is a fully integrated vaccines company focused on the research and development  manufacturing and commercialization of life-saving vaccines. We are a global leader in smallpox and mpox vaccines  which have been developed through our long-standing partnership with the U.S. Government to enhance the public health preparedness. Our commercial product portfolio furthermore contains market-leading vaccines against rabies and tick-borne encephalitis. Using our live virus vaccine platform technology  MVA-BN® and in-licensed technologies  we have created a diverse portfolio of proprietary and partnered product candidates designed to save and improve lives by unlocking the power of the immune system  including late-stage development programs for an RSV vaccine for older adults and a next generation COVID-19 vaccine. For more information visit www.bavarian-nordic.com .Forward-looking statementsThis announcement includes forward-looking statements that involve risks  uncertainties and other factors  many of which are outside of our control  that could cause actual results to differ materially from the results discussed in the forward-looking statements. Forward-looking statements include statements concerning our plans  objectives  goals  future events  performance and/or other information that is not historical information. All such forward-looking statements are expressly qualified by these cautionary statements and any other cautionary statements which may accompany the forward-looking statements. We undertake no obligation to publicly update or revise forward-looking statements to reflect subsequent events or circumstances after the date made  except as required by law.ContactsEurope: Rolf Sass Sørensen  Vice President Investor Relations  Tel: +45 61 77 47 43US: Graham Morrell  Paddock Circle Advisors  graham@paddockcircle.com   Tel: +1 781 686 9600Company Announcement no. 05 / 2023DISCLAIMERThis company announcement contains forward-looking statements. These statements are not guarantees of future performance and involve certain risks and uncertainties  in particular this announcement should not be construed as a confirmation neither that the Offering will complete  nor of the deal size or the price. Therefore  actual future results and trends may differ materially from what is forecast in this report due to a variety of factors.This announcement is intended for the sole purpose of providing information. Persons needing advice should consult an independent financial adviser. This announcement does not constitute an investment recommendation.This announcement is not for release  publication or distribution  in whole or in part  directly or indirectly  in or into the United States (including its territories and possessions  any state of the United States and the District of Columbia  the “United States”)  Canada  Japan  South Africa  Hong Kong or Australia  except as permitted by applicable law  or any other jurisdiction in which such publication or distribution is unlawful.This announcement does not constitute or form a part of any offer or solicitation to purchase or subscribe for securities in the United States  Canada  Japan  South Africa  Hong Kong  Australia or any other jurisdiction in which such offers or sales are unlawful (the “Excluded Territories”). Any failure to comply with this may constitute a violation of US  Canadian  Japanese  South African  Hong Kong or Australian securities laws or the securities laws of other states as the case may be.The securities referred to in this announcement have not been  and will not be  registered under the U.S. Securities Act of 1933  as amended (the “U.S. Securities Act”)  or under the securities laws of any state of the United States  and may not be offered  sold  resold or delivered  directly or indirectly  in or into the United States absent registration except pursuant to an exemption from  or in a transaction not subject to  the registration requirements of the U.S. Securities Act. Subject to certain limited exceptions  the securities referred to in this announcement are being offered and sold only outside the United States. The securities offered in connection with the offering have not been and will not be registered under any applicable securities laws of any state  province  territory  county or jurisdiction of the Excluded Territories. Accordingly  such securities may not be offered  sold  resold  taken up  exercised  renounced  transferred  delivered or distributed  directly or indirectly  in or into the Excluded Territories or any other jurisdiction if to do so would constitute a violation of the relevant laws of  or require registration of such securities in  the relevant jurisdiction. There will be no public offer of securities in the United States or elsewhere.This announcement is not a prospectus and has been prepared on the basis that any offers of securities referred to herein in any member state of the European Economic Area will be made pursuant to an exemption under Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 on prospectuses (the “Prospectus Regulation”). The information set forth in this announcement is only being distributed to  and directed at  persons in member states of the European Economic Area who are qualified investors (“Qualified Investors”) within the meaning of the Prospectus Regulation.This announcement and any offer subsequently made is  and will be  addressed to and directed only at persons  in the United Kingdom  who are (a) both ""qualified investors"" within the meaning of the UK version of the EU Prospectus Regulation (2017/1129/ EU) which is part of UK law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 and either (i) persons who have professional experience in matters relating to investments falling within Article 19(5) of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 (Financial Promotion) Order 2005 (the ""Order"") or (ii) who are high net worth entities falling within Article 49 of the Order; or (b) other persons to whom it may otherwise lawfully be communicated (all such persons under (a) and (b) together being referred to as ""Relevant Persons""). Any investment or investment activity to which this document relates is available in the United Kingdom only to Relevant Persons.This information must not be acted or relied on by  and any investment activity to which this information relates is not available to and may not be engaged with  persons (i) in any member state of the European Economic Area or the United Kingdom who are not Qualified Investors  and (ii) in the United Kingdom who are not Relevant Persons.No representation or warranty  express or implied  is or will be made as to  or in relation to  and no responsibility or liability is or will be accepted by Bavarian Nordic or by any of its affiliates or agents  or the Joint Global Coordinators and Joint Bookrunners  as to or in relation to  the accuracy  completeness or sufficiency of this announcement or any other written or oral information made available to or publicly available to any interested party or its advisers in connection with the Company's New Shares and/or the private placement referred to herein  and any liability therefore is expressly disclaimed.The Joint Global Coordinators and Joint Bookrunners and each of their affiliates are acting exclusively for Bavarian Nordic A/S and no-one else in connection with the Offering. They will not regard any other person as their respective clients in relation to the Offering and will not be responsible to anyone other than Bavarian Nordic A/S for providing the protections afforded to their respective clients  nor for providing advice in relation to the Offering  the contents of this announcement or any transaction  arrangement or other matter referred to herein.Solely for the purposes of the product governance requirements contained within: (a) EU Directive 2014/65/EU on markets in financial instruments  as amended (“MiFID II”); (b) Articles 9 and 10 of Commission Delegated Directive (EU) 2017/593 supplementing MiFID II; and (c) local implementing measures (together  the “MiFID II Product Governance Requirements”)  and disclaiming all and any liability  whether arising in tort  contract or otherwise  which any “manufacturer” (for the purposes of the MiFID II Product Governance Requirements) may otherwise have with respect thereto  the shares in Bavarian Nordic A/S have been subject to a product approval process  which has determined that such shares are: (i) compatible with an end target market of retail investors and investors who meet the criteria of professional clients and eligible counterparties  each as defined in MiFID II; and (ii) eligible for distribution through all distribution channels as are permitted by MiFID II (the “Target Market Assessment”). Notwithstanding the Target Market Assessment  Distributors should note that: the price of the shares in Bavarian Nordic A/S may decline and investors could lose all or part of their investment; the shares in Bavarian Nordic A/S offer no guaranteed income and no capital protection; and an investment in the shares in Bavarian Nordic A/S is compatible only with investors who do not need a guaranteed income or capital protection  who (either alone or in conjunction with an appropriate financial or other adviser) are capable of evaluating the merits and risks of such an investment and who have sufficient resources to be able to bear any losses that may result therefrom. The Target Market Assessment is without prejudice to the requirements of any contractual  legal or regulatory selling restrictions in relation to the contemplated share issue. Furthermore  it is noted that  notwithstanding the Target Market Assessment  Danske Bank A/S  Morgan Stanley & Co. International plc and Nordea Danmark  filial af Nordea Bank Abp  Finland will only procure investors who meet the criteria of professional clients and eligible counterparties.For the avoidance of doubt  the Target Market Assessment does not constitute: (a) an assessment of suitability or appropriateness for the purposes of MiFID II; or (b) a recommendation to any investor or group of investors to invest in  or purchase  or take any other action whatsoever with respect to the shares in Bavarian Nordic A/S Each distributor is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the shares in Bavarian Nordic A/S and determining appropriate distribution channels.Attachment",neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,mixed,0.17,0.28,0.55,True,English,"['Bavarian Nordic A/S', '7,046,839 New Shares', 'Directed Issue', 'Offering', 'selective M&A approach', 'late-stage Chikungunya vaccine candidate', 'high unmet medical need', 'U.S. legal advisors', 'significant synergistic market opportunity', 'leading pure-play vaccine company', 'current registered share capital', 'Danish legal advisors', 'Danske Bank A/S', 'Co. International plc', 'temporary ISIN code', 'R&D pipeline', 'Nordea Bank Abp', 'VP Securities A/S', 'share capital increases', 'two revenue-generating vaccines', 'Danish Business Authority', 'JOINT GLOBAL COORDINATORS', 'infectious disease portfolio', 'professional institutional investors', 'Bavarian Nordic A/S', 'The New Shares', 'professional investors', 'global leader', 'market price', 'qualified institutional', 'development pipeline', 'JOINT BOOKRUNNERS', 'Nordea Danmark', 'Euronext Securities', '7,046,839 New Shares', 'travel vaccines', 'existing shares', 'UNITED STATES', 'SOUTH AFRICA', 'HONG KONG', 'APPLICABLE LAW', 'OTHER JURISDICTION', 'bookbuilding process', 'private placement', 'organic growth', 'purchase price', 'Emergent BioSolutions', 'typhoid fever', 'manufacturing footprint', 'research competences', 'San Diego', 'applicable exemptions', 'eligible qualified', 'offer price', 'final pricing', 'lock-up commitment', '180 calendar days', 'general meeting', 'executive management', '90 calendar days', 'Morgan Stanley', 'Kromann Reumert', 'Watkins LLP', 'nominal value', 'negotiable instruments', 'official listing', 'new products', 'pre-emption rights', 'existing shareholders', 'special rights', 'voting rights', 'The Offering', 'net proceeds', 'Company Announcement', 'FOR', 'RELEASE', 'DISTRIBUTION', 'WHOLE', 'PART', 'CANADA', 'JAPAN', 'AUSTRALIA', 'WHICH', 'COPENHAGEN', 'Denmark', 'OMX', 'OTC', 'BVNRY', 'accelerated', 'DKK', 'USE', 'BACKGROUND', 'vision', 'launch', 'payment', 'respect', 'acquisition', 'prevention', 'cholera', 'areas', 'flexibility', 'facility', 'Switzerland', 'obligation', 'prospectus', 'Books', 'time', 'close', 'number', 'connection', 'settlement', 'exceptions', 'addition', 'members', 'board', 'directors', 'filial', 'Finland', 'Latham', 'Plesner', 'decision', 'issue', 'Article', 'Association', 'passu', 'restrictions', 'transferability', 'name', 'application', 'trading', 'subscription']",2023-02-20,2023-02-20,marketscreener.com
18868,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/VALNEVA-SE-54466/news/FDA-Accepts-Valneva-s-Chikungunya-Vaccine-License-Application-for-Priority-Review-43032160/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230220,FDA Accepts Valneva's Chikungunya Vaccine License Application for Priority Review,(marketscreener.com) Saint-Herblain   February 20  2023 – Valneva SE   a specialty vaccine company  today announced that the U.S. Food and Drug Administration has completed a filing review of its Biologics License Application for Valneva’s single-shot chikung…,Saint-Herblain (France)  February 20  2023 – Valneva SE (Nasdaq: VALN; Euronext Paris: VLA)  a specialty vaccine company  today announced that the U.S. Food and Drug Administration (FDA) has completed a filing review of its Biologics License Application for Valneva’s single-shot chikungunya vaccine candidate VLA1553 and has determined that the application is sufficiently complete to permit a substantive review. The review classification is Priority.VLA1553 has been assigned a Prescription Drug User Fee Act (PDUFA) review goal date at the end of August 2023  which is the date by which the FDA intends to take action on the application. The FDA’s acknowledgement of filing does not mean that a license will be granted  nor does it represent any evaluation of the adequacy of the data submitted.About ChikungunyaChikungunya is a mosquito-borne viral disease caused by the chikungunya virus (CHIKV)  a Togaviridae virus  transmitted by Aedes mosquitoes. Chikungunya virus often causes sudden large outbreaks with high attack rates  affecting one-third to three-quarters of the population in areas where the virus is circulating. There are no preventive vaccines or effective treatments available and  as such  chikungunya is considered to be a major public health threat. As of July 2022  there were more than 3 million reported cases in the Americas1 and the economic impact is considered to be significant. The medical and economic burden is expected to grow as the CHIKV primary mosquito vectors continue to spread geographically. Infection leads to symptomatic disease in up to 97% of humans after three to seven days following the mosquito bite. While mortality with CHIKV is low  morbidity is high. Clinical symptoms include acute onset of fever  debilitating joint and muscle pain  headache  nausea  rash and chronic arthralgia. It is estimated that over three quarters of the world’s population live in areas at-risk of CHIKV transmission2. High risk areas of infection are places where chikungunya virus-carrying mosquitos are currently endemic  including the Americas  parts of Africa  and Southeast Asia.About VLA1553VLA1553 is a live-attenuated  single dose investigational vaccine candidate targeting the chikungunya virus  which has spread to over 100 countries. It has been designed by deleting a part of the chikungunya virus genome.To make VLA1553 more accessible to Low- and Middle-Income Countries (LMIC)  Valneva and Instituto Butantan in Brazil signed an agreement in January 2021 for the development  manufacturing and marketing of VLA15533. The collaboration falls within the framework of the agreement signed between CEPI and Valneva in July 20194  which provides funding of up to $24.6 million with support from the European Union’s Horizon 2020 program.Valneva reported final data from the pivotal Phase 3 trial of VLA1553 in March 20225  final lot-to-lot consistency results in May 20226 and positive twelve-month persistence data in December 20227.If approved  VLA1553 would expand Valneva’s existing commercial vaccines portfolio and as such  Valneva intends to commercialize this vaccine  leveraging its existing manufacturing and commercial operations.About Valneva SEValneva is a specialty vaccine company focused on the development  manufacturing and commercialization of prophylactic vaccines for infectious diseases with significant unmet medical need. The Company takes a highly specialized and targeted approach to vaccine development and then applies its deep understanding of vaccine science to develop prophylactic vaccines addressing these diseases. Valneva has leveraged its expertise and capabilities both to commercialize three vaccines and to rapidly advance a broad range of vaccine candidates into and through the clinic  including candidates against the chikungunya virus and Lyme disease.Valneva Investor and Media ContactsLaetitia Bachelot-FontaineVP Global Communications & European Investor RelationsM +33 (0)6 4516 7099laetitia.bachelot-fontaine@valneva.comJoshua Drumm  Ph.D.VP Global Investor RelationsM +001 917 815 4520joshua.drumm@valneva.comForward-Looking StatementsThis press release contains certain forward-looking statements relating to the business of Valneva  including with respect to the progress  timing  results and completion of research  development and clinical trials for product candidates  to regulatory approval of product candidates and review of existing products. In addition  even if the actual results or development of Valneva are consistent with the forward-looking statements contained in this press release  those results or developments of Valneva may not be sustained in the future. In some cases  you can identify forward-looking statements by words such as “could ” “should ” “may ” “expects ” “anticipates ” “believes ” “intends ” “estimates ” “aims ” “targets ” or similar words. These forward-looking statements are based largely on the current expectations of Valneva as of the date of this press release and are subject to a number of known and unknown risks and uncertainties and other factors that may cause actual results  performance or achievements to be materially different from any future results  performance or achievement expressed or implied by these forward-looking statements. In particular  the expectations of Valneva could be affected by  among other things  uncertainties and delays involved in the development and manufacture of vaccines  unexpected clinical trial results  unexpected regulatory actions or delays  competition in general  currency fluctuations  the impact of the global and European credit crisis  and the ability to obtain or maintain patent or other proprietary intellectual property protection. Success in preclinical studies or earlier clinical trials may not be indicative of results in future clinical trials. In light of these risks and uncertainties  there can be no assurance that the forward-looking statements made during this presentation will in fact be realized. Valneva is providing the information in these materials as of this press release and disclaim any intention or obligation to publicly update or revise any forward-looking statements  whether as a result of new information  future events  or otherwise.1 PAHO/WHO data: Number of reported cases of chikungunya fever in the Americas https://www.paho.org/data/index.php/en/mnu-topics/chikv-en/550-chikv-weekly-en.html. Last accessed 25 Jul 20222 CDC 2022  Puntasecca CJ 20213 Valneva and Instituto Butantan Sign Final Agreement on Single-Shot Chikungunya Vaccine for Low and Middle Income Countries4 CEPI awards up to $23.4 million to Valneva for late-stage development of a single-dose Chikungunya vaccine5 Valneva Successfully Completes Pivotal Phase 3 Trial of Single-Shot Chikungunya Vaccine Candidate6 Valneva Successfully Completes Lot-to-Lot Consistency Trial for its Single-Shot Chikungunya Vaccine Candidate7 Valneva Reports Positive 12-Month Antibody Persistence Data for Single-Shot Chikungunya Vaccine Candidate - ValnevaAttachment,neutral,0.0,0.99,0.0,negative,0.0,0.15,0.85,True,English,"['Chikungunya Vaccine License Application', 'Priority Review', 'FDA', 'Valneva', 'attenuated, single dose investigational vaccine candidate', 'Prescription Drug User Fee Act', 'major public health threat', 'significant unmet medical need', 'positive twelve-month persistence data', 'single-shot chikungunya vaccine candidate', 'three to seven days', 'VP Global Investor Relations', 'CHIKV primary mosquito vectors', 'PDUFA) review goal date', 'existing commercial vaccines portfolio', 'VP Global Communications', 'U.S. Food', 'sudden large outbreaks', 'high attack rates', 'one-third to three-quarters', 'pivotal Phase 3 trial', 'European Investor Relations', 'specialty vaccine company', 'mosquito-borne viral disease', 'chikungunya virus-carrying mosquitos', 'lot consistency results', 'chikungunya virus genome', 'Biologics License Application', 'High risk areas', 'Drug Administration', 'three vaccines', 'up to', 'mosquito bite', 'commercial operations', 'vaccine science', 'three quarters', 'The Company', 'existing products', 'vaccine candidates', 'European Union', 'final lot', 'preventive vaccines', 'prophylactic vaccines', 'symptomatic disease', 'final data', 'Lyme disease', 'substantive review', 'review classification', 'Valneva Investor', 'vaccine development', 'Euronext Paris', 'Togaviridae virus', 'Aedes mosquitoes', 'effective treatments', 'economic impact', 'economic burden', 'Clinical symptoms', 'acute onset', 'debilitating joint', 'muscle pain', 'chronic arthralgia', 'CHIKV transmission', 'Southeast Asia', 'Instituto Butantan', 'Horizon 2020 program', 'existing manufacturing', 'targeted approach', 'deep understanding', 'broad range', 'Media Contacts', 'Joshua Drumm', 'Ph.D.', 'Forward-Looking Statements', 'press release', 'clinical trials', 'regulatory approval', 'current expectations', 'unknown risks', 'product candidates', 'actual results', 'filing review', 'Middle-Income Countries', 'infectious diseases', 'Laetitia Bachelot-Fontaine', 'similar words', 'The FDA', 'Valneva SE', '100 countries', 'Saint-Herblain', 'France', 'February', 'Nasdaq', 'VLA', 'Priority', 'end', 'August', 'action', 'acknowledgement', 'evaluation', 'adequacy', 'population', 'July', '3 million', 'cases', 'Americas1', 'Infection', 'humans', 'mortality', 'morbidity', 'fever', 'headache', 'nausea', 'rash', 'world', 'places', 'parts', 'Africa', 'live', 'LMIC', 'Brazil', 'agreement', 'January', 'marketing', 'collaboration', 'framework', 'CEPI', 'funding', 'support', 'March', 'May', 'December', 'commercialization', 'specialized', 'expertise', 'capabilities', 'business', 'respect', 'progress', 'timing', 'completion', 'research', 'addition', 'developments', 'future', 'expects', 'aims', 'targets', 'number', 'uncertainties']",2023-02-20,2023-02-20,marketscreener.com
18869,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/ALTAMIR-5156/news/Altamir-Activity-held-up-well-in-2022-in-a-troubled-geopolitical-and-economic-environment-43032567/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230220,Altamir :  Activity held up well in 2022 in a troubled geopolitical and economic environment,(marketscreener.com)  Paris  17 February 2023 – The private equity market slowed significantly in 2022  buffeted by a sharp correction in equity markets  high inflation and rising interest rates. Multiples have declined after reaching very high levels   and…,"Paris  17 February 2023 – The private equity market slowed significantly in 2022  buffeted by a sharp correction in equity markets  high inflation and rising interest rates. Multiples have declined after reaching very high levels (in particular in the Tech sector)  and fund managers are waiting for valuations to return to more reasonable levels so they can seize investment opportunities.In this context  Altamir's activity held up well  after reaching a record high in 2021. By subscribing to the Altaroc Global funds  Altamir gained access  as anticipated in its diversification strategy  to two co-investment opportunities alongside a new fund manager and European leader specialised in the software sector: Hg Capital.After consultation with the Supervisory Board  Altamir Gérance set out its allocation strategy for the 2023-26 period. Specifically  it decided to invest €1 billion over the period  including €500 million in the European Union  €300 million outside the EU and €200 million as co-investments. In this regard  Altamir Gérance has already allocated €254m to the Apax XI LP fund  which is currently being raised.1. €184.5m invested and committed during the year (vs €368.8m in 2021)  including €129.4m in 9 new companies€129.4m invested in 9 new companies   including 2 as co-investments alongside fund manager Hg Capital  with which Altamir has also invested via Altaroc Global 2022.Via the Apax MidMarket X fund:Opteven  a European leader in vehicle services and insurance solutions covering mechanical breakdowns  roadside assistance and maintenance  present in five European markets: France  Spain  the United Kingdom  Germany and Italy (€41.7m invested);Vitaprotech  the French leader in premium solutions for securing sensitive sites. The company offers an integrated set of services built around complementary areas of expertise: access control  perimeter intrusion detection  intelligent monitoring and smart video (€28.7m invested);Via Apax X LP:Authority Brands  a leader in home service franchising in the United States  with a dozen brands ranging from senior care to pool maintenance to outdoor pest control (€12.4m invested);EcoOnline  a European leader in SaaS-based EHS solutions (Environment  Health and Safety). EcoOnline solutions enable companies to enhance the security and sustainability of their sites and to comply with the most restrictive environmental standards (€8.1m invested);Alcumus  a US-based technology solutions provider that manages risks and compliance within organisations (€6.8m invested);Pickles Auctions  Australia's leading marketplace for used vehicles  salvage  industrial  agricultural  and general goods (€4.6m invested);Ole Smoky  a leading distiller of premium whiskeys in the United States (€4.6m invested).As co-investments alongside Hg Capital:IFS  a leading global provider of ERP software that offers industrial companies a palette of complete solutions on a single  SaaS-based technology platform (€12.1m invested);Access  a company specialised in software for the healthcare  recruiting  hotel management  foodservice  education and legal services industries. Present in the United Kingdom  Ireland and the Asia-Pacific region  Access supports more than 75 000 clients (€10.3m co-invested).These 9 new investments operate principally in software and technology solutions (Vitaprotech  IFS  Access and EcoOnline) and in digital marketplaces (Pickles Auctions). 5 are European  3 are US-based and 1 is in Australia.In addition  the initial estimates on the new investments in Odin and T-Mobile were adjusted downwards by €5.4m.€20.3m was invested via funds:€14.0m in Altaroc Global 2021 €4.1m via Apax Development (fully invested as of 31 December 2022) (fully invested as of 31 December 2022)  €2.2m via Apax Digital (fully invested as of 31 December 2022) and Apax Digital II (10% invested as of 31 December 2022).€40.3m was invested in follow-ons in various portfolio companies (including €10.5m held as co-investments)  mainly:€11.1m in Snacks Développement to finance the acquisition of Burts Snacks  a UK company;€5.4m in Dstny to finance build-ups;€5.2m to repurchase a secondary position as an additional co-investment in Marlink;€3.9m in Mentaal Beter to finance the transformative acquisition of HSK;€3.1m in PIB Group to finance build-ups;€2.6m in Odigo to support accelerated migration towards a SaaS-based business model;€2.2m in Crystal to finance build-ups;€1.5m in Genius Group to finance acquisitions;€1.0m in AEB to strengthen the financial condition of the company.2. €123.9m in divestment proceeds were received during the year (vs €636.0m in 2021)  including €36.1m related to 5 full divestmentsIn the fourth quarter  Apax Partners announced the sale of Kepro to CNSI (sale proceeds: €8.0m). This divestment came in addition to the 4 full divestments announced at end-September:Authority Brands  which was held via the Apax IX LP fund (sale proceeds of €19.9m);Boasso Global (ex-Quality Distribution)  which was held via the Apax VIII LP fund (sale proceeds of €4.3m);Attenti  which was held via the Apax IX LP fund (sale proceeds of €3.9m);Huarong  which was also held via the Apax VIII LP fund (sold for nil).During the year  Altamir also received proceeds from partial divestments totalling €82.3m  including:€57.6m deriving from dividends and partial divestments  principally THOM Group (capital reduction of €40.6m)  MyCase (partial sale of €9.1m) and Fractal (partial sale of €4.3m); Paycor (sale of shares of €1.9m) and Alcumus (partial sale of €1.6m);€23.7m deriving from refinancing operations  principally on InfoGain (€6.3m)  Inmarsat (€4.0m)  ThoughtWorks (€2.6m)  Rodenstock (€2.2m)  Coalfire (€2.1m)  Nulo (€1.8m)  Idealista (€1.8m)  Baltic Classifieds Group (€1.5m)  and Eating Recovery Center (€1.4m);€1m in sundry revenue;Lastly  an adjustment of €5.5m was recognised to reflect the definitive amounts received from the sale of Unilabs and Marlink.3. Portfolio as of 31 December 2022As of 31 December 2022  Altamir's portfolio included 69 companies  with the following breakdown:28 in Tech & Telco (1 company sold and 5 acquired in 2022)20 in Services (2 companies sold and 2 acquired in 2022)14 in the Consumer sector (2 companies acquired in 2022) 7 in Healthcare (2 companies sold and 1 acquired in 2020).Forthcoming events:NAV as of 31/12/2022 8 March 2023  pre-trading* * * * * * * * * * * * * * *About AltamirAltamir is a listed private equity company (Euronext Paris-B  ticker: LTA) founded in 1995 and with a NAV of ca. €1.3bn. Its objective is to provide shareholders with long-term capital appreciation and regular dividends by investing in a diversified portfolio of private equity investments.Altamir's investment policy is to invest via and with the funds managed or advised by Apax Partners SAS and Apax Partners LLP  two leading private equity firms that take majority or lead positions in buyouts and growth capital transactions and seek ambitious value creation objectives.In this way  Altamir provides access to a diversified portfolio of fast-growing companies across Apax's sectors of specialisation (Tech & Telco  Consumer  Healthcare  Services) and in complementary market segments (mid-sized companies in continental Europe and large companies in Europe  North America and key emerging markets).Altamir derives certain tax benefits from its status as a SCR (""Société de Capital Risque""). As such  Altamir is exempt from corporate tax and the company's investors may benefit from tax exemptions  subject to specific holding-period and dividend-reinvestment conditions.For more information: www.altamir.frContactClaire Peyssard MosesTel.: +33 6 34 32 38 97 /E-mail: investors@altamir.frThis publication embed ""🔒 Actusnews SECURITY MASTER "".- SECURITY MASTER Key: mGuelpRqYZucyZ1xY5dmaWZmbJthmJKWa2WZxGSbmMmUapxiymaSbZrLZnBpm2lt- Check this key: https://www.security-master-key.com.Regulated information:Inside Information:- other releases Full and original press release in PDF: https://www.actusnews.com/news/78647-activity-2022_en.pdfReceive by email the next press releases of the company by registering on www.actusnews.com  it's free© 2023 ActusNews",negative,0.08,0.01,0.91,mixed,0.41,0.26,0.32,True,English,"['troubled geopolitical', 'economic environment', 'Altamir', 'Activity', 'Via Apax X LP', 'single, SaaS-based technology platform', 'Apax XI LP fund', 'Apax MidMarket X fund', 'Apax IX LP fund', 'Apax VIII LP fund', 'US-based technology solutions provider', 'SaaS-based business model', 'rising interest rates', 'perimeter intrusion detection', 'home service franchising', 'restrictive environmental standards', 'SaaS-based EHS solutions', 'Apax Digital II', 'private equity market', 'outdoor pest control', 'Snacks Développement', 'leading global provider', 'legal services industries', 'various portfolio companies', 'new fund manager', 'Altamir Gérance', 'five European markets', 'Altaroc Global funds', 'fund managers', 'Apax Development', 'Apax Partners', 'equity markets', 'Burts Snacks', 'insurance solutions', 'premium solutions', 'complete solutions', 'Boasso Global', 'leading marketplace', 'leading distiller', 'digital marketplaces', 'European Union', '9 new companies', 'sharp correction', 'high inflation', 'high levels', 'Tech sector', 'reasonable levels', 'diversification strategy', 'two co', 'European leader', 'Hg Capital', 'Supervisory Board', 'allocation strategy', 'vehicle services', 'mechanical breakdowns', 'roadside assistance', 'United Kingdom', 'integrated set', 'complementary areas', 'intelligent monitoring', 'smart video', 'Authority Brands', 'United States', 'dozen brands', 'senior care', 'Pickles Auctions', 'used vehicles', 'general goods', 'Ole Smoky', 'premium whiskeys', 'hotel management', 'Asia-Pacific region', 'initial estimates', 'secondary position', 'Mentaal Beter', 'PIB Group', 'Genius Group', 'financial condition', '5 full divestments', 'fourth quarter', '4 full divestments', 'Quality Distribution', 'French leader', 'EcoOnline solutions', 'sale proceeds', 'access control', 'investment opportunities', '9 new investments', 'software sector', '2023-26 period', 'sensitive sites', 'ERP software', 'industrial companies', 'transformative acquisition', 'divestment proceeds', 'UK company', 'Paris', 'Multiples', 'context', 'activity', 'record', 'consultation', 'regard', 'year', 'Opteven', 'maintenance', 'France', 'Spain', 'Germany', 'Italy', 'Vitaprotech', 'expertise', 'Health', 'Safety', 'security', 'sustainability', 'Alcumus', 'risks', 'compliance', 'organisations', 'Australia', 'salvage', 'agricultural', 'IFS', 'palette', 'recruiting', 'foodservice', 'education', 'Ireland', '75,000 clients', 'addition', 'Odin', 'T-Mobile', '31 December', 'follow-ons', 'Dstny', 'build-ups', 'Marlink', 'HSK', 'Odigo', 'migration', 'Crystal', 'acquisitions', 'AEB', 'Kepro', 'CNSI', 'end-September', '17']",2023-02-20,2023-02-20,marketscreener.com
18870,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/THERANEXUS-38226962/news/Theranexus-THERANEXUS-BBDF-AND-CARDIFF-UNIVERSITY-PRESENT-THEIR-NOVEL-RESEARCH-ON-BATTEN-1-AN-43035746/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230220,Theranexus :  THERANEXUS  BBDF AND CARDIFF UNIVERSITY PRESENT THEIR NOVEL RESEARCH ON BATTEN-1 AND BATTEN DISEASE AT WORLDSYMPOSIUM 2023,(marketscreener.com)  From 22 to 26 February 2023 in Orlando  FloridaPresentation of preclinical data demonstrating how Batten-1 drastically reduces the buildup of toxic glycosphingolipids in Batten disease and a poster describing for the first time the b…,"From 22 to 26 February 2023 in Orlando  FloridaPresentation of preclinical data demonstrating how Batten-1 drastically reduces the buildup of toxic glycosphingolipids in Batten disease and a poster describing for the first time the burden of Batten disease.Lyon  France – Austin  Texas  United States – Cardiff  UK – 20 February 2023 – 6pm CET – Theranexus  a biopharmaceutical company innovating in the treatment of neurological diseases and pioneer in the development of drug candidates modulating the interaction between neurons and glial cells  and its partners Beyond Batten Disease Foundation (BBDF) and Cardiff University  today announced several presentations at WORLDSymposium 2023  an international scientific event focused on lysosomal diseases (22 to 26 February in Orlando  Florida – United States).At the conference  the research conducted by Cardiff University  Theranexus and BBDF will be showcased in five presentations  including one oral presentation.An oral session entitled "" The Batten disease associated protein CLN3 is required for the efflux of lysosomal potassium ""  presented by Dr. Hannah Best of Cardiff University  will feature her research on the CLN3 protein in Batten disease on Wednesday 22 February at 9am. Dr. Best will receive the Young Investigator Award for her outstanding research.""  presented by Dr. Hannah Best of Cardiff University  will feature her research on the CLN3 protein in Batten disease on Wednesday 22 February at 9am. Dr. Best will receive the Young Investigator Award for her outstanding research. The session will be followed by a poster session presenting our novel therapeutic strategy that usesBatten-1 to treat Batten disease by reducing toxic glycosphingolipids in neurons (Poster 229  Glycosphingolipid reduction with miglustat as a therapeutic strategy for CLN3 and other neuronal ceroid lipofuscinoses   Dr. Emyr Lloyd-Evans  Cardiff University).Batten-1 to treat Batten disease by reducing toxic glycosphingolipids in neurons (Poster 229    Dr. Emyr Lloyd-Evans  Cardiff University). A broader presentation of the effects of Batten-1 active ingredient  miglustat  will also be given on the same day (Poster 230  Deciphering the various mechanisms of action of miglustat in the lysosomal disorders   Drs Emyr Lloyd-Evans and Charles Evans  Cardiff University).  Drs Emyr Lloyd-Evans and Charles Evans  Cardiff University). Lastly  a new series of studies will be presented  highlighting for the first time the burden of the disease as experienced by patients and their families (Poster 185  Understanding the functional burden of CLN3 through the eyes of patients and families  Skyler Jackson  Engage Health  BBDF  Theranexus).Theranexus CEO  Mathieu Charvériat explains: "" These different presentations by internationally recognized teams confirm the solid scientific and clinical rationale underpinning the development of our asset Batten-1 in juvenile Batten disease  for which there are significant unmet medical needs representing a considerable burden for families. To our knowledge  Batten-1 is the only candidate in active clinical development to tackle the major medical challenges of this disease. In this context  we are currently preparing the Phase III trial which should begin during 2023.""For Dr. Emyr Lloyd-Evans  an expert in lysosomal disease indications from Cardiff University  ""W e are delighted to present our innovative research on CLN3 and miglustat to our peers  underlining a solid rationale for the use of Batten-1 in juvenile Batten disease. In this disease  as in the other two similar indications for which miglustat is registered and efficacious in patients  the drug blocks the toxic buildup of glycosphingolipids. Our scientific data and in-depth knowledge of miglustat therefore converge towards a potential efficacy of this drug candidate in Batten disease and we are excited for it to be tested in the Phase III trial to be conducted by Theranexus and BBDF.""""We present initial research quantifying the significant burden suffered by patients  families and caregivers  which justifies the absolute need to develop novel therapeutic approaches. The research also highlights  as regularly observed in our discussions with patients' families and advocacy organizations  the wish of families to take part in clinical developments such as those led with Theranexus "" concludes Craig Benson  Chair of Beyond Batten Disease Foundation.About Batten-1Batten-1 is a novel and exclusive proprietary drug containing the active ingredient miglustat. The mechanism of action of this substance blocks the accumulation of glycosphingolipids and neuroinflammation. For patients over 17 years of age in the Phase I/II trial  the product is administered in solid form. In the Phase III trial  it will be administered in a liquid form better suited to pediatric patients.Phase I/II trial design: this is an open-label trial involving 6 patients over 17 years of age with CLN3 Batten disease  treated with miglustat up to 600 mg/day for a 2-year period. The primary endpoint is patient safety and tolerability  assessed using reports of adverse effects  biological tests and ECG  as well as the pharmacokinetics of miglustat. The secondary endpoints include efficacy monitoring: Unified Batten Disease Rating Scale  visual acuity  and brain MRI and optical coherence tomography scans. Administration of Batten-1 in escalating doses with a maximum of 600 mg/day was well tolerated  with no severe side effects observed causing treatment discontinuation. The most commonly reported adverse events are reversible gastrointestinal effects of often light to moderate severity  thus demonstrating the good tolerability profile of Batten-1 in this population. Batten-1 will continue to be assessed in these patients treated over a 24-month period. Further information about the trial is available on https://clinicaltrials.gov/ct2/showithNCT05174039.About Batten diseaseJuvenile Batten disease  also known as Spielmeyer-Vogt or CLN3 disease  is a rare  fatal  inherited disorder of the nervous system for which there is no treatment or cure. Juvenile Batten disease belongs to a group of disorders referred to as neuronal ceroid lipofuscinoses (NCLs). Over 400 different errors in 13 genes have been attributed to various forms of NCL  which differ from one another primarily by when symptoms first appear. The first symptom in the juvenile form  progressive vision loss  appears between the ages of 4 and 6 which is followed by personality changes  behavioral problems  and slowed learning. Seizures commonly appear within 2-4 years of the onset of disease. Over time  patients continue to decline mentally and physically. Eventually  those affected become wheelchair-bound  are bedridden  and die prematurely. Psychiatric symptoms or psychosis can appear at any time.Juvenile Batten disease is always fatal; usually by the late teens to early 20s. In the United States and Europe  the juvenile form is the most common of the NCLs  which together  affect nearly 3 000 patients[1]. In pathophysiological terms  interactions between neurons and glial cells play key roles in the emergence and progression of all the NCLs.About Beyond Batten Disease FoundationBeyond Batten Disease Foundation (BBDF) is the world's largest nonprofit organization dedicated to funding research for a treatment and cure for juvenile (CLN3) Batten disease. Since its inception in 2008  over $35 million has been invested in research by leveraging donations  co-funding and strategic partnerships. BBDF is spearheading a unique  cohesive strategy  incorporating independent scientific resources and collaboration with related organizations to drive research in juvenile Batten Disease[2]. Today there is a treatment in sight. BBDF funded research has discovered a drug – Batten-1 – that slows the progression of the disease in Batten models. More information can be found at www.beyondbatten.org.About TheranexusTheranexus is an innovative biopharmaceutical company that emerged from the French Alternative Energies and Atomic Energy Commission (CEA). It specializes in the treatment of central nervous system disorders and is a pioneer in the development of drug candidates targeting both neurons and glial cells.The company has a unique platform for the identification and characterization of advanced therapy drug candidates targeting rare neurological disorders and an initial drug candidate in clinical development for Batten disease.Theranexus is listed on the Euronext Growth market in Paris (FR0013286259- ALTHX).More information at http://www.theranexus.comClick and follow us on Twitter and LinkedlnContactsTHERANEXUSThierry LambertChief Financial Officercontact@theranexus.comNEWCAPThéo Martin/Pierre LaurentInvestor Relations+33 (0)1 44 71 94 97theranexus@newcap.euFP2COMFlorence PortejoieMedia Relations+ 33 (0)6 07 76 82 83fportejoie@fp2com.frDisclaimerThis press release contains certain forward-looking statements concerning Theranexus and its business  including its prospects and product candidate development. Such forward-looking statements are based on assumptions that Theranexus considers to be reasonable. However  there can be no assurance that the estimates contained in such forward-looking statements will be verified  which estimates are subject to numerous risks including the risks set forth in the universal registration document of Theranexus filed with the AMF on 29 April 2022 under number D. 22-0399  a copy of which is available on www.theranexus.com) and to the development of economic conditions  financial markets and the markets in which Theranexus operates. The forward-looking statements contained in this press release are also subject to risks not yet known to Theranexus or not currently considered material by Theranexus. The occurrence of all or part of such risks could cause actual results  financial conditions  performance or achievements of Theranexus to be materially different from such forward-looking statements. Theranexus expressly declines any obligation to update such forward-looking statements.[1] National Organization for Rare Disorders (NORD)/Orphanet[2] Settembre et al  TFEB links autophagy to lysosomal biogenesis  Science 2011This publication embed ""🔒 Actusnews SECURITY MASTER "".- SECURITY MASTER Key: yp2dZsdnk5eXlWydaMibmZZsl26Tw2PKaWKVl2VsZ53KZ56WxmxqbcrLZnBpm2pm- Check this key: https://www.security-master-key.com.Regulated information:Inside Information:- other releases Full and original press release in PDF: https://www.actusnews.com/news/78650-theranexus_pr_worldsymposium_vdef.pdfReceive by email the next press releases of the company by registering on www.actusnews.com  it's free© 2023 ActusNews",neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,mixed,0.4,0.18,0.42,True,English,"['THEIR NOVEL RESEARCH', 'CARDIFF UNIVERSITY', 'BATTEN DISEASE', 'Theranexus', 'BBDF', 'BATTEN-1', 'WORLDSYMPOSIUM', 'other neuronal ceroid lipofuscinoses', 'other two similar indications', 'significant unmet medical needs', 'Phase I/II trial design', 'Beyond Batten Disease Foundation', 'major medical challenges', 'Phase III trial', 'Young Investigator Award', 'Drs Emyr Lloyd-Evans', 'Mathieu Charvériat', 'Dr. Emyr Lloyd-Evans', 'international scientific event', 'Dr. Hannah Best', 'novel therapeutic approaches', 'exclusive proprietary drug', 'lysosomal disease indications', 'one oral presentation', 'novel therapeutic strategy', 'The Batten disease', 'juvenile Batten disease', 'active clinical development', 'Batten-1 active ingredient', 'CLN3 Batten disease', 'Dr. Best', 'open-label trial', 'significant burden', 'solid scientific', 'clinical rationale', 'scientific data', 'clinical developments', 'lysosomal diseases', 'lysosomal potassium', 'lysosomal disorders', 'oral session', 'preclinical data', 'toxic glycosphingolipids', 'first time', 'United States', 'biopharmaceutical company', 'neurological diseases', 'drug candidates', 'glial cells', 'several presentations', 'five presentations', 'Glycosphingolipid reduction', 'broader presentation', 'same day', 'various mechanisms', 'Charles Evans', 'new series', 'Skyler Jackson', 'Engage Health', 'different presentations', 'solid rationale', 'potential efficacy', 'absolute need', 'advocacy organizations', 'Craig Benson', 'solid form', 'liquid form', '2-year period', 'primary endpoint', 'patient safety', 'Cardiff University', 'functional burden', 'considerable burden', 'outstanding research', 'asset Batten-1', 'innovative research', 'toxic buildup', 'depth knowledge', 'initial research', 'Wednesday 22 February', 'pediatric patients', 'CLN3 protein', 'Theranexus CEO', 'poster session', ""patients' families"", '26 February', '20 February', '6 patients', 'Orlando', 'Florida', 'Lyon', 'France', 'Austin', 'Texas', 'UK', '6pm', 'treatment', 'pioneer', 'interaction', 'neurons', 'partners', 'BBDF', 'WORLDSymposium', 'conference', 'efflux', '9am', 'miglustat', 'effects', 'studies', 'eyes', 'internationally', 'teams', 'context', 'expert', 'peers', 'use', 'caregivers', 'discussions', 'wish', 'Chair', 'substance', 'neuroinflammation', '17 years', 'product', '600 mg', 'tolerability']",2023-02-20,2023-02-20,marketscreener.com
18871,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/SHURGARD-SELF-STORAGE-S-A-46600355/news/Shurgard-Self-Storage-S-A-Full-year-2022-results-January-1-2022-to-December-31-2022-43032181/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230220,Shurgard Self Storage S A : Full year 2022 results January 1  2022 to December 31  2022,"(marketscreener.com)   FULL YEAR 2022 RESULTS PRESS RELEASE   London  February 20  2023 at 6 a.m. GMT   ""Regulated Information""   Shurgard Self Storage Ltd      Full Year 2022 results   January 1  2022 to December 31  2022 ...https://www.…","FULL YEAR 2022 RESULTS PRESS RELEASE London  February 20  2023 at 6 a.m. GMT ""Regulated Information"" Shurgard Self Storage Ltd (""Shurgard"" or the ""Company"") Full Year 2022 results January 1  2022 to December 31  2022 Continued strong operational performance All stores revenue growth of 11.7% (at CER)(¹) Delivering consistent profitable growth & our strategy Leading in sustainability Strong Full Year results (at CER)(¹) 11.7% property operating revenue growth  supported by double digit growth in UK and Germany; o 13.6% income from property (NOI) growth;o 8.6% same store property operating revenue growth;o 90.5% same store average occupancy rate (0.2pp growth vs. same period last year);o 8.9% same store average in-place rent growth  continue to push prices vs. the prior year in all its markets while occupancy was maintained at a high level;o 67.2% same store NOI margin  a strong increase of 1.3pp compared to the prior year; o Delivered €143.6 million of adjusted EPRA earnings  representing growth of 15.0% (²) ;o EPRA net tangible assets (NTA) per share: €40.67  an increase of 17.6% vs. December 31  2021; Total dividend for the year of €1.17 per share (including €0.59 per share for H2); o Shurgard will become a UK REIT in March 2023; Cash position: €87.3 million (³) ; o LTV: 18.0% (³) ;o Net debt/ EBITDA: 4.1x (³) ;o ICR (interest coverage ratio): 9.7x (³) ; Consistent growth in our expansion plan delivering new capacity to 2025 representing 12% (149 308 sqm or c. €312.4 million of direct project cost) of our net rentable sqm either acquired  developed  under construction or signed; R. Havner will be replaced by I. Marcus as Chairman of the Board; Increased ratio of independent directors  both PS and NYSCRF will reduce their representation from two to one Board Member (4) . Constant Exchange Rate Excluding one-off insurance reimbursements received in H1 2021 for €5.6 million (net of taxes) As of December 31  2022 (4) Proposal at the AGM May 10  2023 1FULL YEAR 2022 RESULTS PRESS RELEASE Solid Q4 results (at CER) (¹) 10.9% property operating revenue growth; o 13.2% income from property (NOI) growth;o 8.1% same store property operating revenue growth;o 90.4% same store average occupancy rate (0.4pp decrease vs. same period last year); o 69.7% same store NOI margin  an increase of 1.3pp compared to prior year;o Delivered €39.7 million of adjusted EPRA earnings  representing a growth of 16.7%. 2023 Outlook Based on our strong 2022 results and on first trading numbers for 2023  we expect to deliver above 8% total revenue growth for the year 2023; Our target of c. 2pp growth for all store NOI margin vs. 2020 has been achieved in 2022  ahead of our medium term guidance of 2024. In 2023  we plan a 0.2pp NOI margin growth for all stores; We plan to add c. 70 000 sqm (or c. €150 million) via redevelopment  new developments and acquisitions; For all investment decisions taken as from 2023  we are increasing our expected property yield to c. 8% to 9% at maturity (from c. 7% to 8%); Our average effective income tax rate is expected to be at c. 18% in 2023 (based on Adjusted EPRA Earnings before tax); Shurgard intends to declare a dividend of EUR 1.17 per share for the fiscal year. Shurgard will continue to review its dividend policy to ensure remaining competitive. (¹) Constant Exchange Rate 2FULL YEAR 2022 RESULTS PRESS RELEASE Marc Oursin  Shurgard Chief Executive Officer  commented(¹): ""Shurgard has been preparing the foundations for growth for many years  and 2022 was the year we put our foot on the accelerator. As part of the ramp up to building and acquiring 90 000 sqm annually by 2024  we have delivered accelerated revenue  margin and pipeline growth  while also improving our leading ESG results. This exceptional performance is a consequence of a strategic focus on transformational change. We are doing things faster and smarter  executed by our dedicated and committed teams that have once again delivered  and exceeded  our stretch targets. The inflationary environment across Europe looks set to continue into 2023  and we expect to manage these effects through a combination of operational efficiencies  digitization  and cost optimization. Revenue Growth The acceleration of our three levers of growth - redevelopments  new developments  and acquisitions - and a great performance from our same-store pool has resulted in a substantial increase in top line growth. All-store property operating revenue  which includes same store and non-same store revenue rose 11.7% in 2022 to €333.0 million. The trajectory of top-line growth clearly demonstrates the validity of our long-term strategy. Between 2019 and 2020  all-store property operating revenue grew 5.5%  the following year we grew by 9.5% and last year by 11.7%. This trend is clear across both mature same-stores and newly opened or acquired stores. Same-store property operating revenue in 2022 increased 8.6% to €313.7 million. This compares to growth of 3.2% in 2020 and 7.0% in 2021. Margin expansion Against a backdrop of high inflation and a cost-of-living crisis  Shurgard managed to control costs and increase margins significantly again in 2022. Our margins have been rising consistently as we have grown revenues faster than costs  a particularly impressive achievement in the current economic climate. The margin improvement follows a similar trajectory to revenue growth. All-store margin rose to 65.8% in 2022  from 64.7% in 2021. This in itself was an improvement on the 63.7% margin in 2020 and means we have more than achieved our medium-term target of increasing margins by 2.0pp (from a 2020 baseline). Shurgard's transformation strategy has been a key component of cost management. We introduced a Transformation Department in 2022 that has allowed the company to explore a range of new solutions  quickly select those that will deliver improvements  and ensure they add value to customers  employees  or development property. Despite accelerating the rate at which we are adding sqm to our portfolio  we contained costs through efficiencies in the development process. This has enabled Shurgard to temper the substantial construction cost increases experienced in 2022. Digitalization has also helped to keep costs under control. Shurgard has long been a digital leader  transitioning our customer journey from store-led to hybrid digital solutions that cater to our increasingly online customers. They are pleased with their seamless customer journey  as evidenced by our Google review scores (4.8 out of 5 collated from over 300 reviews per property all-time) which have improved year-on-year. Where the pandemic speeded up our e- rental offer  we have continued to explore the best service options across our portfolio. This has meant changing the way we operate some properties  including remote  partial  or fully managed  depending on customer needs. Meanwhile  transformation improvements in the employee journey include new ways of operating that increase our speed  efficiency  and communication across departments. (¹) The data are presented at constant exchange rate (CER) 3FULL YEAR 2022 RESULTS PRESS RELEASE Pipeline acceleration The transformation of our property journey has been a vital part of Shurgard's acceleration program. We are filling the pipeline with redevelopments  new developments  and acquisition opportunities to achieve our target of increasing sqm by c. 90 000 annually by 2024. We can see the new strategy at work  when comparing the increase in percentage of non-same store revenue over the last three years. In 2020  revenue from acquisitions less than a year old  or developments less than three years old  accounted for just 4.3% of total revenue. This rose to more than 5.2% in 2021 and 5.8% in the year just ended  and the outlook for 2023 is another substantial increase. Shurgard set out a strategy of increased investment to accelerate property development and compared with 2021 we will double our annual investment by 2024. Included in these investments are projects to ensure our new development opportunities are cost-effective  efficient and adhere to high environmental standards. This means ensuring LED lighting in all our properties  including heat pumps and solar panels where feasible  and implementing a smart building management system  all of which are designed to both lower our energy footprint and maintain tight cost controls. We have been recognized for our concerted ESG efforts by the industry bodies whose principles we adhere to. We were rated by MSCI for the first time in 2022 and initiated with a AA rating  only one grade away from their highest level. We also retained our leading rating from Global Real Estate Sustainability Benchmark (GRESB)  where we were awarded an excellent 5-star rating (the top banding) and a score of 90 out of 100. Financial Strength - Becoming a UK REIT Shurgard's financial strength is based on a prudent finance strategy that aims to allow us to execute our operational and investment strategy no matter the market conditions. In 2022  we decided to support this strategy by taking the decision to become a UK REIT. As part of this  we migrated our corporate seat back to Guernsey  although we will continue to be listed and traded on Euronext Brussels. This structural change brings with it many benefits. Previously we forecasted that our effective tax rate would be around 22% in 2025 and we now believe that  based on the implementation of the REIT status in the UK  this rate will be around 18%. In addition  the move will allow us to be better positioned to take part of investments opportunities present in the UK market. We will also propose to our shareholders to vote in May 2023 on the strengthening of our already robust governance by increasing the ratio of independent directors on the Board (67%) and broadening our diversity profile by increasing the ratio of women in governance (33%). With our strong balance sheet and financing strategy  we have access to all types of capital markets to optimally address any financing needs. We also have an undrawn €250 million revolving facility and an uncommitted €250 million shelf USPP note available. Outlook So far  Shurgard has proved itself resilient amid all social  political  and economic challenges. In this climate we have proved that our services remain vital for customers going through life changes  and we have been able to increase rental prices to reflect our own increased costs while maintaining strong levels of occupancy. We are mindful of the external environment  nonetheless  we expect our all-store revenue to grow over 8% in 2023. We are on track to increase our portfolio by c. 90 000 sqm per year by 2024 and expect to add around 70 000 sqm in 2023. We are confident our accelerated development will add substantial value for shareholders now and in the future. I would like to take the opportunity to thank all our company members and Board of Directors for their support."" 4",neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,mixed,0.51,0.26,0.23,True,English,"['Shurgard Self Storage S A', 'Full year 2022 results', 'December', '8.6% same store property operating revenue growth', '8.1% same store property operating revenue growth', 'FULL YEAR 2022 RESULTS PRESS RELEASE', '90.5% same store average occupancy rate', '90.4% same store average occupancy rate', 'average effective income tax rate', 'Same-store property operating revenue', '11.7% property operating revenue growth', '10.9% property operating revenue growth', '67.2% same store NOI margin', '69.7% same store NOI margin', 'Shurgard Self Storage Ltd', 'Shurgard Chief Executive Officer', 'EPRA net tangible assets', 'Strong Full Year results', 'All stores revenue growth', '8.9% same store average', '0.2pp NOI margin growth', 'same store revenue', 'Constant Exchange Rate', 'Solid Q4 results', 'leading ESG results', 'Net debt/ EBITDA', 'one-off insurance reimbursements', 'first trading numbers', 'medium term guidance', '8% total revenue growth', 'double digit growth', 'place rent growth', 'top line growth', 'interest coverage ratio', 'direct project cost', 'consistent profitable growth', 'net rentable sqm', 'one Board Member', 'c. 2pp growth', 'strong operational performance', 'strong 2022 results', 'NOI) growth', 'same period', '0.2pp growth', 'property yield', 'Consistent growth', 'same-store pool', 'Margin expansion', 'prior year', 'fiscal year', 'pipeline growth', 'top-line growth', 'EPRA earnings', 'Total dividend', 'Increased ratio', 'operational efficiencies', 'cost optimization', 'exceptional performance', 'great performance', 'strong increase', 'Regulated Information', 'high level', 'o Shurgard', 'Cash position', 'expansion plan', 'new capacity', 'R. Havner', 'I. Marcus', 'independent directors', 'two to', 'new developments', 'investment decisions', 'Marc Oursin', 'many years', 'strategic focus', 'transformational change', 'committed teams', 'stretch targets', 'inflationary environment', 'three levers', 'mature same-stores', 'high inflation', 'living crisis', 'c. 70,000 sqm', 'UK REIT', 'substantial increase', 'long-term strategy', '13.6% income', '13.2% income', '49,308 sqm', '90,000 sqm', 'London', 'February', '6 a', 'GMT', 'Company', 'December', 'sustainability', 'Germany', 'prices', 'markets', '1.3pp', 'share', 'March', 'LTV', 'ICR', 'construction', 'Chairman', 'PS', 'NYSCRF', 'representation', 'H1', 'taxes', 'Proposal', 'AGM', '2023 Outlook', 'redevelopment', 'acquisitions', 'maturity', 'EUR', 'policy', 'foundations', 'foot', 'accelerator', 'part', 'ramp', 'consequence', 'things', 'dedicated', 'effects', 'combination', 'digitization', 'acceleration', 'trajectory', 'validity', 'trend', 'backdrop', '15.']",2023-02-20,2023-02-20,marketscreener.com
18872,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/FAURECIA-SE-4647/news/FORVIA-Faurecia-s-FY-2022-results-43032243/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230220,FORVIA Faurecia's FY 2022 results,(marketscreener.com)                                                          ...https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/FAURECIA-SE-4647/news/FORVIA-Faurecia-s-FY-2022-results-43032243/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230220,"FORVIA Faurecia's FY 2022 results 02/20/2023 | 01:31am EST Send by mail :Name : First name : From * : To * : (You can enter multiple email addresses separated by commas) Message : * Required fields Nanterre (France)  February 20  2023 OUR ACHIEVEMENTS: GROWTH  RESILIENCE  CASH GENERATION & DELEVERAGING GROWTH: SALES OF €25.5BN  +63% ON A REPORTED BASIS AND +17% ON AN ORGANIC BASISRESILIENCE: OPERATING MARGIN OF 5.0% IN H2 2022 AND 4.4% IN FY 2022CASH GENERATION: STRONG NET CASH FLOW OF €471MDELEVERAGING: NET DEBT/ADJ. EBITDA RATIO AT 2.6x AT YEAR-END VS. 3.1x AT JUNE 30 OUR PRIORITIES: DELEVERAGING  INTEGRATION & SUSTAINABLE GROWTH DELEVERAGING: €1BN DISPOSAL PROGRAM FULFILLED THROUGH CONTEMPLATED TRANASCTIONS ANNOUNCED TO DATEINTEGRATION OF HELLA: COST SYNERGIES UPGRADED TO > €300M AND SALES SYNERGIES UPGRADED TO > €400M  SUPPORTED BY 2022 STRONG JOINT ORDER INTAKE OF €1.8BNSUSTAINABLE PROFITABLE GROWTH: STRONG 2022 ORDER INTAKE OF €31BN AT AN AVERAGE MARGIN ABOVE 7%  SUPPORTING MEDIUM-TERM PROFITABLE GROWTH TARGETSin €m FY 2021(Faurecia “stand-alone”) FY 2022(incl. 11 months of HELLA) YoYchange Worldwide automotive production* 77 197 82 375 +6.7% SalesAt constant scope & currencies 15 618 25 458 +63.0%+17.0% Operating incomeAs % of sales 8625.5% 1 1154.4% +29.4% Adjusted EBITDAAs % of sales 2 10913.5% 3 01211.8% +42.8% Net cash flowAs % of sales 3052.0% 4711.9% +54.6% * in 000 units  source: S&P Global Mobility (ex-IHS Markit) dated February 2023 FY 2023 GUIDANCE Based on the following assumptions: Worldwide automotive production of 82 million vehicles in 2023  broadly flat vs. actual production in 2022 Average currency rates of USD/€ @ 1.10 and CNY/€ @ 7.50 FORVIA’s full-year 2023 guidance is as follows: Sales between €25.2bn and €26.2bn (incl. an estimated impact of €(1.3)bn from disposal transactions announced to date)(incl. an estimated impact of €(1.3)bn from disposal transactions announced to date) Operating margin between 5% and 6% of salesNet cash flow exceeding 1.5% of salesNet debt/Adj. EBITDA ratio between 2.0x and 2.4x at December 31  2023  including the effect of the disposal program of €1bn by end-2023 Patrick KOLLER  CEO of Faurecia  declared: “2022 has been a historic year for the Group as we closed the acquisition of a majority stake in HELLA to create FORVIA  the world’s 7th biggest automotive technology player  combining the complementary offers and strengths of the two companies. 2022  which was initially expected to be a year of recovery from the Covid crisis  turned out to be a year of continued semiconductor shortages and supply chain issues heightened by the outbreak of the war in Ukraine. The year was characterized by additional challenges  with high inflation  a surge in energy prices  rising interest rates and our disengagement from Russia. In this uncertain environment  FORVIA’s 2022 performance reflects the new size of the Group  with consolidated sales above 25 billion euros  a resilient operating margin that reached 5% of sales in the second half of the year and a strong generation of net cash flow at 471 million euros. We have fully refinanced the bridge-to-loan and bridge-to-equity to acquire HELLA. The disposals we have announced to date fulfill our 1 billion euro divestment program of non-strategic assets. The significant progress made in the integration of HELLA allows us to raise both the cost and sales synergy targets. With our assumption that 2023 volumes will be at a similar level to 2022  we target to improve our financial performance in 2023. I would like to thank all the Faurecia and HELLA teams for their commitment to the creation of FORVIA  succeeding in a tough environment to deliver resilient financial performance and to creating the conditions for future success and profitable growth  comforted by the solid order intake of 31 billion euros recorded last year.” The 2022 consolidated financial statements have been approved by the Board of Directors  under the chairmanship of Michel de ROSEN  at its meeting held on February 17  2023.These financial statements have been audited.There is no full comparability between figures reported for 2021 and figures reported for 2022 as: Figures reported for 2021 are figures related to Faurecia “stand-alone” as reported in February 2022 Figures reported for 2022 include a major scope effect  i.e. the consolidation of HELLA since February 1  2022 (i.e. 11 months in 2022  representing 26% of total Group sales).KEY ACHIEVEMENTS SINCE THE START OF 2022 2022: FROM FAURECIA TO FORVIA  COMBINING FAURECIA’S AND HELLA’S STRENGTHS AND CREATING FORVIA  THE WORLD’S 7th BIGGEST AUTOMOTIVE TECHNOLOGY SUPPLIER  WITH SALES OF C. €30BN IN 2025 On January 31  2022  Faurecia closed the acquisition of a majority stake of 82% in HELLA. HELLA has been consolidated in Faurecia’s accounts since February 1  2022. The newly combined FORVIA Group’s mission is: “WE PIONEER TECHNOLOGY FOR MOBILITY EXPERIENCES THAT MATTER TO PEOPLE”. On November 3  2022  Faurecia and HELLA held their first joint Capital Markets Day in Paris  during which FORVIA unveiled its Power25 medium-term plan to drive profitable growth  enhance cash generation and accelerate Group deleveraging (all details available on www.forvia.com). FORVIA’s Power25 plan is focused on three key strategic priorities: Drive sales growth through innovation and sustainability Enhance profitability and lower breakeven Generate strong cash conversion and actively manage portfolio to accelerate Group deleveraging. These ambitions are translated into the following 2025 financial objectives (based on an assumption of worldwide automotive production of 88 million units in 2025 and after the estimated effect of the €1bn disposal program by end-2023): 2025 sales of c. €30 billion 2025 operating margin > 7% of sales 2025 net cash flow at 4% of sales Net-debt-to-adjusted-EBITDA < 1.5x at December 31  2025 In January 2023  FORVIA presented at CES 2023 in Las Vegas its combined portfolio of Faurecia and HELLA technologies addressing megatrends in electrification  automated driving  and personalized cockpits. The world's first Solid State Lighting High-Definition headlamp (SSL | HD) presented by the Group received a CES 2023 Innovation Award. As from 2023  Faurecia and HELLA’s fiscal years are aligned on the calendar year.Significant progress achieved in the integration process of HELLA: cost synergies upgraded to more than €300 million 2025 EBITDA run-rate (vs. > €250 million previously) and sales synergies upgraded to more than €400 million in 2025 (vs. between €300 million and €400 million previously)  supported by strong 2022 joint order intake for €1.8 billion Since the effective entry of HELLA into the Group’s consolidation scope  the two companies  under the leadership of their respective management teams  have accelerated collaboration and achieved significant progress in generating synergies. As regards cost synergies  over 200 individual synergy measures have been validated by Faurecia’s and HELLA’s teams. They can be broken down into more than 1 000 detailed actions  with robust tracking and governance. As a result  cost synergies and optimization have been upgraded to more than €300 million 2025 EBITDA run-rate (vs. more than €250 million previously). Concerning sales synergies  Faurecia’s and HELLA’s joined forces succeeded in generating a strong order intake of €1.8 billion in 2022  demonstrating the potential for combined commercial offers and opportunities in the coming years  notably capitalizing on CES 2023 successes. The 2022 joint order intake of €1.8 billion already represents more than €300 million of 2025 sales synergies or more than €400 million 2026 run-rate. Sales synergies are now upgraded to more than €400 million by 2025 (vs. between €300 million and €400 million previously). SOLID ORDER INTAKE OF €31BN IN FY 2022 SUPPORTS MEDIUM-TERM PROFITABLE GROWTH DRIVERS In 2022  FORVIA (Faurecia + HELLA) recorded a solid order intake of €31 billion  with an average operating margin above 7%  already reaching the Power25 plan’s targeted profitability. New 2022 awards reflect FORVIA’s strategy to focus on key activities; they included: €8.4 billion for Electronics  representing 27% of the Group’s total order intake and demonstrating the strong potential of Electronics representing 27% of the Group’s total order intake and demonstrating the strong potential of Electronics  €13.3 billion for Electric Vehicles (BEVs and FCEVs)  representing 43% of the Group’s total order intake and demonstrating acceleration on the Zero Emissions strategy representing 43% of the Group’s total order intake and demonstrating acceleration on the Zero Emissions strategy  €6.2 billion for China  representing 20% of the Group’s total order intake and reflecting the continued strong growth of this highly profitable market representing 20% of the Group’s total order intake and reflecting the continued strong growth of this highly profitable market  €18.8 billion for Premium Vehicles and SUVs  representing 61% of the Group’s total order intake and reflecting the Group’s strong positioning on segments with the highest content per vehicle. REFINANCING OF THE ACQUISITION OF HELLA COMPLETED The acquisition of an 82% stake in HELLA represented a total investment of €5.4 billion. The financing was fully secured through a committed bridge facility of €5.5bn  signed in August 2021. This bridge facility included a bridge-to-equity component  whose deadline was mid-February 2023  and a bridge-to-loan  whose deadline was mid-August 2023. The refinancing has been entirely completed  although markets conditions have proven more difficult since the outbreak of the war in Ukraine and the start of a period of strong inflation. Out of the total investment of €5.4 billion: €0.5 billion was paid in shares through a Faurecia capital increase reserved to the Hueck/Roepke Family pool (now holding 9.22% of Faurecia’s share capital) €0.7 billion was financed through a capital increase with preferential subscription rights issued in June 2022 (45 482 154 new shares at a subscription price of €15.50). The rest was financed through debt issuances and use of cash for a total amount of €4.2 billion. Total HELLA-related average cost of financing for this amount of €4.2billion is estimated at c. 4.5% (estimation based on Euribor 1 month at 2.50%). €1BN DISPOSAL PROGRAM OF NON-STRATEGIC ASSETS BY END-2023 FULFILLED THROUGH CONTEMPLATED TRANSACTIONS ANNOUNCED TO DATE With yesterday’s announcement that the Motherson group has committed to acquire Faurecia’s SAS Cockpit Modules division  contemplated transactions announced to date fulfill FORVIA’s €1 billion disposal program of non-strategic assets by end-2023  designed to accelerate deleveraging after the HELLA acquisition. In July 2022: HELLA announced the sale of its 33.33% stake in HBPO to its co-shareholder  Plastic Omnium  for a price of c. €290 million and the transaction was closed  as expected  in December 2022. In December 2022: Faurecia announced the sale of its Interiors business in India to TAFE (Tractors and Farm Equipment Ltd) Faurecia  Michelin (its 50/50 partner in Symbio) and Stellantis announced they were in exclusive negotiations for Stellantis to acquire a substantial stake in Symbio  a leader in zero emission hydrogen mobility. The closing of the transaction is expected to occur in H1 2023 and is subject to customary closing conditions  including regulatory approvals. In February 2023: Faurecia and Cummins announced they are in exclusive negotiations for the potential sale to Cummins of Faurecia’s commercial vehicle exhaust aftertreatment business in Europe and the United States for an enterprise value of €150 million.Faurecia announced yesterday that the Motherson group has committed to acquire its SAS Cockpit Modules division (assembly and logistics services)  reported as part of its Interiors Segment  for an enterprise value of €540 million. DISENGAGEMENT FROM RUSSIA Faurecia has decided to disengage from Russia and completed depreciation of related assets at the end of 2022.H2 2022 & FY 2022 GROUP SALES & PROFITABILITY CONTINUED STRONG SALES OUTPERFORMANCE IN H2  INCLUDING POSITIVE EFFECT FROM INFLATION PASS-THROUGH IMPROVING OPERATING MARGIN OF 5.0% IN H2  UP 50BPS YEAR-ON-YEAR AND UP 130BPS SEQUENTIALLY VS. H1 2022 GROUP (in €m) H2 2021 Currency Organic growth Scope effect H2 2022 Reported (Faurecia effect (Faurecia (HELLA FORVIA change stand-alone) stand-alone) 6 months) Worldwide auto. production (m units) 37 786 43 395 14 8% Sales 7 835 319 1 957 3 724 13 835 76 6% % of last year's sales 4 1% 25 0% 47 5% outperformance (bps) 1 020 Operating income 352 689 95 7% % of sales 4 5% 5 0% +50bps In H2 2022: Sales amounted to €13 835 million  up 76.6% on a reported basis and up 25.0% on an organic basis Currency effect of +4.1%  almost equivalent to that registered in H1 2022 (mainly US dollar and Chinese yuan) Scope effect of +47.5% (or €3 724 million) related to the consolidation of HELLA over the entire period Organic growth of +25.0% to be compared with 14.8% growth in worldwide automotive production over the same period  i.e. an outperformance of 1 020bps . This outperformance included a very limited negative impact from geographic mix of c. 50bps and a positive impact of c. 620bps related to inflation pass-through to customers during the periodOperating margin stood at 5.0% of sales  up 50bps year-on-year and up 130bps sequentially vs. H1 2022 The sequential improvement of 130bps vs. H1 2022 mainly reflected fewer supply chain disruptions  no Covid restrictions in China in H2  reduced extra costs from the Seating program in Michigan and improved efficiency of inflation pass-through to customers Inflation pass-through to customers  which corresponds to sales at zero margin  had a cumulated dilutive impact on operating margin of c. 140bps in H2STRONG SALES OUTPERFORMANCE IN FY 2022  INCLUDING POSITIVE EFFECT FROM INFLATION PASS-THROUGH RESILIENT OPERATING MARGIN OF 4.4% IN FY 2022  OR 5.6% EXCLUDING A 120BPS DILUTIVE EFFECT FROM INFLATION PASS-THROUGH (SALES AT ZERO MARGIN) GROUP (in €m) FY 2021 Currency Organic growth Scope effect FY 2022 Reported (Faurecia effect (Faurecia (HELLA FORVIA change stand-alone) stand-alone) 11 months) Worldwide auto. production (m units) 77 197 82 375 6 7% Sales 15 618 674 2 654 6 512 25 458 63 0% % of last year's sales 4 3% 17 0% 41 7% outperformance (bps) 1 030 Operating income 862 1 115 29 4% % of sales 5 5% 4 4% -110bps In FY 2022: Sales amounted to €25 458 million  up 63.0% on a reported basis and up 17.0% on an organic basis Currency effect of +4.3%  mainly the US dollar and the Chinese yuan vs. the euro Scope effect of +41.7% (or €6 512million) related to the consolidation of HELLA over 11 months (since February 1  2022) Organic growth of +17.0% to be compared with a 6.7% growth in worldwide automotive production over the same period  i.e. an outperformance of 1 030bps . This outperformance included a negative impact from geographic mix of c. 200bps and a positive impact of c. 540bps related to inflation pass-through to customers during the periodOperating margin stood at 4.4% of sales  down 110bps year-on-year The full-year drop of 110bps in operating margin year-on-year reflected the low level of operating margin in H1 (3.7% vs. 6.6% in H1 2021) that was severely hit by the outbreak of the war in Ukraine and its multiple consequences (supply chain disruptions  raw materials and energy inflation…) and by Covid restrictions in China  in addition to continued shortage of semiconductors and still significant extra costs from the Seating program in Michigan Inflation pass-through to customers  which corresponds to sales at zero margin  had a cumulated dilutive impact on operating margin of c. 120bps in the full yearIn FY 2022  inflation generated more than €1 billion of additional costs vs. 2021 for FORVIA operations (Faurecia + HELLA) and pass-through to customers generated additional sales of close to €1 billion through contractual mechanisms in place and specific negotiations and claims to customers  i.e. a pass-through that exceeded 85%.FY 2022 SALES AND PROFITABILITY BY BUSINESS GROUP SEATING (30% of Group consolidated sales) SEATING (in €m) FY 2021 Currency Organic growth Scope effect FY 2022 Reported (Faurecia effect (Faurecia (HELLA FORVIA change stand-alone) stand-alone) 11 months) Worldwide auto. production (m units) 77 197 82 375 6 7% Sales 6 049 331 1 324 7 704 27 4% % of last year's sales 5 5% 21 9% outperformance (bps) 1 520 Operating income 285 197 -30 8% % of sales 4 7% 2 6% -210bps Sales Strong organic growth of +29.9% in H2  resulting in +21.9% in FY. All regions contributed to the full-year organic growth: China and North America grew in strong double-digits  while Europe grew in high single-digits. North America was driven by Stellantis (as the Michigan program only got underway in H2 2021) and China was driven by very strong growth from Chinese OEMs (mostly BYD) and a US EV carmaker present in China. Operating income Operating income in H2 recovered to 3.2% of sales from 1.8% of sales in H1  resulting in full-year operating margin of 2.6% of sales  down 210bps year-on-year. The sequential improvement in H2 reflected continued reduction in extra costs related to the Michigan plant (€35 million in H2 2022 after €45 million in H1 2022 and €100 million in H2 2021). Excluding these extra costs  operating margin in 2022 stood at 4.0% of sales in H2 and 3.6% of sales in FY. INTERIORS (22% of Group consolidated sales) INTERIORS (in €m) FY 2021 Currency Organic growth Scope effect FY 2022 Reported (Faurecia effect (Faurecia (HELLA FORVIA change stand-alone) stand-alone) 11 months) Worldwide auto. production (m units) 77 197 82 375 6 7% Sales 4 641 110 779 5 529 19 2% % of last year's sales 2 4% 16 8% outperformance (bps) 1 010 Operating income 190 246 29 4% % of sales 4 1% 4 4% +30bps Sales Strong organic growth of +29.1% in H2  resulting in +16.8% in FY. Organic growth was mainly driven by Europe and North America  which both grew in double-digits. North America reflected growth with GM  Ford  a US EV carmaker and new entrants  while Europe reflected strong growth with Ford and BMW. Operating income Operating income in H2 improved to 5.2% of sales from 3.6% of sales in H1. In the full-year  operating income was 4.4% of sales  up 30bps vs. FY 2021. This year-on-year improvement mainly reflected better fixed cost absorption through higher sales volume and positive effect from repricing in North America. CLEAN MOBILITY (19% of Group consolidated sales) CLEAN MOBILITY (in €m) FY 2021 Currency Organic growth Scope effect FY 2022 Reported (Faurecia effect (Faurecia (HELLA FORVIA change stand-alone) stand-alone) 11 months) Worldwide auto. production (m units) 77 197 82 375 6 7% Sales 4 091 199 446 4 736 15 8% % of last year's sales 4 9% 10 9% outperformance (bps) 420 Operating income 389 336 -13 5% % of sales 9 5% 7 1% -240bps Sales Organic growth of +15.1% in H2  resulting in +10.9% in FY. Organic growth was mainly driven by Europe and North America and  to a lesser extent  South America. In the three regions  sales grew organically in double-digits. In Europe  organic growth was driven by Ford and sales related to commercial vehicles  while in North America it was also Ford and commercial vehicles  as well as GM. In South America  increase in sales to GM was the main driver for sustained organic growth. Operating income Operating income in H2 improved to 7.5% of sales after 6.6% of sales in H1  resulting in 7.1% of sales in FY  down 240bps vs. FY 2021. This year-on-year deterioration mainly reflected dilutive impact from inflation pass-through for c. 100bps  some operational extra costs for c. 40bps and the development of zero-emissions sales  which are not yet profitable  for another 60bps.ELECTRONICS (14% of Group consolidated sales) ELECTRONICS (in €m) FY 2021 Currency Organic growth Scope effect FY 2022 Reported (Faurecia effect (Faurecia (HELLA FORVIA change stand-alone) stand-alone) 11 months) Worldwide auto. production (m units) 77 197 82 375 6 7% Sales 838 34 105 2 545 3 522 320 5% % of last year's sales 4 1% 12 5% 303 9% outperformance (bps) 580 Operating income -2 141 n/s % of sales -0 2% 4 0% n/s Sales Step change in size (sales multiplied by more than 4x between 2021 and 2022) as Electronics now aggregates the Electronics activity of Faurecia (€977 million vs. €838 million in 2021) and the Electronics activity of HELLA (€2 545 million of scope effect for 11 months in 2022). Organic growth (only related to Faurecia’s Electronics activity) stood at 12.5% with double-digit growth in all regions. Operating income Operating income stood at 4.0% of sales in FY  or €141 million. This included an operating loss of €10 million related to Faurecia’s Electronics activity and a negative accounting impact of €19 million linked to asset revaluations in the context of HELLA’s opening balance-sheet exercise. Restated for this last accounting item  operating income was €160 million  representing 4.5% of total Electronics sales  of which: A loss of 1.0% of sales from Faurecia’s Electronics activity (but at breakeven in H2 2022) A profit of 6.7% of sales from HELLA’s Electronics activity. LIGHTING (12% of Group consolidated sales) LIGHTING (in €m) FY 2021 Currency Organic growth Scope effect FY 2022 Reported (Faurecia effect (Faurecia (HELLA FORVIA change stand-alone) stand-alone) 11 months) Worldwide auto. production (m units) 77 197 82 375 6 7% Sales 3 074 3 074 % of last year's sales outperformance (bps) Operating income 107 % of sales 3 5% Sales This activity is consolidated for the first year in Faurecia’s consolidated accounts. Sales for 11 months amounted to €3 074 million. Operating income Operating income stood at 3.5% of sales in FY. Operating income of €107 million included a positive accounting impact of €40 million linked to asset revaluations in the context of HELLA’s opening balance-sheet exercise. Restated for this accounting item  operating income was €67 million  representing 2.2% of Lighting sales. LIFECYCLE SOLUTIONS (3% of Group consolidated sales) LIFECYCLE SOLUTIONS (in €m) FY 2021 Currency Organic growth Scope effect FY 2022 Reported (Faurecia effect (Faurecia (HELLA FORVIA change stand-alone) stand-alone) 11 months) Worldwide auto. production (m units) 77 197 82 375 6 7% Sales 893 893 % of last year's sales outperformance (bps) Operating income 89 % of sales 9 9% Sales This activity is consolidated for the first year in Faurecia’s consolidated accounts. Sales for 11 months amounted to €893 million. Operating income Operating income stood at 9.9% of sales in FY. The operating income of €89 million included a negative accounting impact of €2 million linked to asset revaluations in the context of HELLA’s opening balance-sheet exercise. Restated for this accounting item  operating income was €91 million  representing 10.2% of Lifecycle Solutions sales.FY 2022 SALES & PROFITABILITY BY REGION Europe North Am. South Am. Americas Asia % of 2022 consolidated sales 44% 25% 3% 28% 27% Regional auto. prod. YoY* -0 5% 9 7% 8 4% 9 4% 8 2% 2021 sales (€m) 6 996 3 725 543 4 268 4 167 Currency effect -2 4% 14 8% -1 9% 12 7% 7 2% YoY organic 10 1% 20 7% 34 3% 22 4% 21 6% Scope effect 52 0% 36 6% 4 1% 32 4% 34 3% 2022 sales (€m) 11 165 6 410 741 7 151 6 795 YoY reported 59 6% 72 1% 36 4% 67 6% 63 1% 2021 operating income (€m) 292 49 44 92 458 % of sales 4 2% 1 3% 7 9% 2 2% 11 0% 2022 operating income (€m) 180 142 51 193 723 % of sales 1 6% 2 2% 6 9% 2 7% 10 6% * Regional automotive production 2022 vs. 2021  source: S&P Global Mobility (ex-IHS Markit) dated February 2023 Sales All regions reported double-digit sales outperformance vs. regional automotive performance. Operating income In Europe (44% of Group sales)  operating margin dropped by 260bps  mainly due to the consequences of the war in Ukraine.operating margin dropped by 260bps  mainly due to the consequences of the war in Ukraine. In North America (25% of Group sales)  operating margin increased by 90bps to 2.2% (extra costs from the Michigan plant decreased every half from €100m in H2 2021 to €45m in H1 2022 and €35m in H2 2022).operating margin increased by 90bps to 2.2% (extra costs from the Michigan plant decreased every half from €100m in H2 2021 to €45m in H1 2022 and €35m in H2 2022). In Asia (27% of Group sales)  operating margin stood above 10%.2022 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF COMPREHENSIVE INCOME in €m 2021 2022 Sales 15 618 25 458 Reported growth +63.0% Organic growth +17.0% Operating income(before amort. of acquired intangible assets) 862 1 115 Amort. of int. assets acquired in business combinations (93) (219) Operating income(after amort. of acquired intangible assets) 769 896 Restructuring (196) (352) Other non-recurring operating income and expense (42) (97) Net interest expense & Other financial income and expense (254) (523) Income before tax of fully consolidated companies 276 (75) Income taxes (139) (186) Net income of fully consolidated companies 137 (262) Share of net income of associates (25) 11 Net income from continued operations 113 (250) Net income from discontinued operations (96) Consolidated net income before minority interest 16 (250) Minority interest (95) (131) Consolidated net income  Group share (79) (382) Reminder: 2021 figures are Faurecia “stand-alone” figures while 2022 figures include the impact of the consolidation of HELLA since February 1  2022 (11 months) as well as the cost of financing the acquisition. Group operating income stood at €1 115 million (4.4% of sales) vs. €862 million in 2021 (5.5% of sales). Amortization of intangible assets acquired in business combinations: net charge of €219 million  including a charge of €131 for the amortization of the goodwill related to the acquisition of HELLA since February 1  2022 (11 months)  vs. €93 million in 2021.net charge of €219 million  including a charge of €131 for the amortization of the goodwill related to the acquisition of HELLA since February 1  2022 (11 months)  vs. €93 million in 2021. Restructuring expenses of €352 million  vs. €196 million in 2021; 2022 restructuring expenses included €208 million of restructuring costs (vs. €138 million in 2021) and €144 million of asset write-downs (vs. €59 million in 2021)  of which the main part was related to Russia for €104 million.of €352 million  vs. €196 million in 2021; 2022 restructuring expenses included €208 million of restructuring costs (vs. €138 million in 2021) and €144 million of asset write-downs (vs. €59 million in 2021)  of which the main part was related to Russia for €104 million. Other non-recurring operating income and expense was a net charge of €97 million (vs. a net charge of €42 million in 2021); 2022 net charge included €43 million of non-recurring costs related to the acquisition of HELLA and €27 million of non-recurring costs related to operations in Russia.was a net charge of €97 million (vs. a net charge of €42 million in 2021); 2022 net charge included €43 million of non-recurring costs related to the acquisition of HELLA and €27 million of non-recurring costs related to operations in Russia. Net financial charge of €523 million (vs. a net charge of €254 million in 2021) included financial costs for €385 million (vs. €239 million in 2021) and other financial expenses for €189 million (vs. €47 million in 2021) that included a charge of €41 million for hyperinflation  a charge of €43 million related to currencies and a charge of €34 million for costs related to the acquisition of HELLA. Income before tax of fully consolidated companies was an operating loss of €75 million (vs. an operating profit of €276 million in 2021); it included €130 million from costs related to the ecision to disengage from Russia and €195 million from integration and integration and financial costs related to the acquisition of HELLA. Income tax was a charge of €186 million in 2022 (vs. a charge of €139 million in 2021) that mainly reflected an unfavorable geographic mix as most of the 2022 profit was recorded in Asia.that mainly reflected an unfavorable geographic mix as most of the 2022 profit was recorded in Asia. Share of net income from associates was a profit of €11 million (vs. a loss of €25 million in 2021).(vs. a loss of €25 million in 2021). Net income of discontinued operations in 2021 was a loss of €96 million in 2021  due to the divestment of AST.Minority interest (including the c. 18% minority interest in HELLA) amounted to €131 million (vs. €95 million in 2021). Net income  Group share was a loss of €382 million (vs. a loss of €79 million in 2021)  mainly impacted by: One-off charges (mainly asset impairment) of €143 million related to the decision to disengage from Russia Integration costs related to the acquisition of HELLA for €51 million One-off restructurings of €86 million Hyperinflation costs for €41 million.2022 CONSOLIDATED CASH FLOW STATEMENT in €m 2021 H1 2022 2022 Operating income 862 426 1 115 Depreciation and amortization  of which: 1 247 895 1 897 - Amortization of R&D intangible assets 487 320 687 - Other depreciation and amortization 760 575 1 210 Adj. EBITDA 2 109 1 321 3 012 % of sales 13 5% 11 4% 11 8% Capex -530 -523 -1 177 Capitalized R&D -670 -470 -966 Change in WCR -19 22 374 Change in factoring 72 234 183 Restructuring -175 -93 -184 Financial expenses -230 -182 -373 Taxes -243 -220 -384 Other (operational) -10 13 -14 Net cash flow 305 102 471 Dividends paid incl. mino. -201 -5 -55 Share purchase -26 Net financial investment & Other -126 -4 863 -4 539 Discontinued operations -49 IFRS16 impact -241 -162 -349 Change in net debt -339 -4 928 -4 472 Net debt at the beginning of the period -3 128 -3 467 -3 467 Net debt at the end of the period -3 467 -8 394 -7 939 Net-debt-to-Adj. EBITDA ratio 1.6x 3.1x 2.6x Reminder: 2021 figures are Faurecia “stand-alone” figures while 2022 figures include the impact of the consolidation of HELLA since February 1  2022 (11 months) as well as the cost of financing the acquisition. Net debt / Adjusted EBITDA ratio is Net financial debt at the end of each period vs. Adjusted EBITDA over the last 12 months; at December 31  2022  as HELLA has been consolidated only since February 1  2022 (11 months)  one additional month of contribution from HELLA has been taken into account for the calculation of the ratio.Adjusted EBIDTA amounted to €3 012 million representing 11.8% of sales (vs. €2 109 million and 13.5% of sales in 2021). Capex amounted to €1 177 million (vs. €530 million in 2021)  of which €608 million for Faurecia (3.2% of sales  down 20bps vs. 2021) and €569 million for HELLA (8.7% of sales)  whose capital intensity is higher than Faurecia’s.(vs. €530 million in 2021)  of which €608 million for Faurecia (3.2% of sales  down 20bps vs. 2021) and €569 million for HELLA (8.7% of sales)  whose capital intensity is higher than Faurecia’s. Capitalized R&D amounted to €966 million or 3.8% of sales (vs. €670 million or 2.4% of sales in 2021).(vs. €670 million or 2.4% of sales in 2021). Change in working capital was an inflow of €374 million (vs. an outflow of €19 million in 2021); it reflected first positive effects from the “Manage by Cash” program that was presented at the recent Capital Markets Day  mainly improved cash collection from receivables and reduction by 0.6 days in inventories  representing a positive effect of €85 million.(vs. an outflow of €19 million in 2021); it reflected first positive effects from the “Manage by Cash” program that was presented at the recent Capital Markets Day  mainly improved cash collection from receivables and reduction by 0.6 days in inventories  representing a positive effect of €85 million. Change in factoring was an inflow of €183 million (vs. an inflow of €72 million in 2021)  mainly reflecting the extension to HELLA of the existing program in place at Faurecia; factoring stood at €1.3 billion at the end of 2022 vs. €1.1 billion at the end of 2021.(vs. an inflow of €72 million in 2021)  mainly reflecting the extension to HELLA of the existing program in place at Faurecia; factoring stood at €1.3 billion at the end of 2022 vs. €1.1 billion at the end of 2021. Restructuring cash-out amounted to €184 million (vs. €175 million in 2021)  financial expenses cash-out amounted to €373 million (vs. €230 million in 2021)  mainly reflecting the increase in net debt related to the acquisition of HELLA  and cash-out from taxes amounted to €384 million (vs. €243 million in 2021). Net cash flow amounted to €471 million  representing 1.9% of sales (vs. €305 million  2.0% of sales in 2021). Net financial investment and other for a net outflow €4.6 billion represented mostly the investment in HELLA  reduced by inflows from (i) the capital increase with preferred subscription rights issued in June for €0.7 billion and (ii) the proceeds of €0.3 billion from the sale by HELLA of its 33% stake in HBPO. Net financial debt at the end of 2022 stood at €7.9 billion (including an IFRS16 impact of €349 million)  representing a Net debt / Adjusted EBITDA ratio of 2.6x  significantly reduced vs. 3.1x six months earlier. As announced on November 3 at the Capital Markets Day  the Board of Directors  at its meeting held on November 2  decided to propose at Faurecia’s next Shareholders’ meeting that no dividend be paid in 2023. AVAILABLE CASH OF €4.2 BILLION AT THE END OF 2022 As of December 31  2022  Group liquidity amounted to €6.2 billion  of which €4.2 billion of available cash  €1.5 billion from the fully undrawn Faurecia Senior Credit Facility (maturity: May 2026  with options up to 2028) and €0.5 billion from HELLA Senior Credit Facility.FY 2023 GUIDANCE Based on the following assumptions: Worldwide automotive production of 82 million vehicles in 2023  broadly flat vs. actual production in 2022 and more conservative than S&P’s latest forecast of 85 millionMain currency rates of USD/€ @ 1.10 and CNY/€ @ 7.50 FORVIA’s full-year 2023 guidance is as follows: Sales between €25.2bn and €26.2bn including an estimated impact on sales of €(1.3)bn from disposals announced to date (mainly SAS deconsolidation as from January 1  2023 to comply with IFRS 5 and business to be sold to Cummins as from July 1  2023)(mainly SAS deconsolidation as from January 1  2023 to comply with IFRS 5 and business to be sold to Cummins as from July 1  2023) Operating margin between 5% and 6% of salesNet cash flow exceeding 1.5% of salesNet debt/Adj. EBITDA ratio between 2x and 2.4x at December 31  2023  including the effect of the disposal program of €1bn by end-2023 This guidance assumes no major lockdown impacting production or retail sales in any major automotive region during the year. FY 2025 TARGETS CONFIRMED (after estimated impact of the disposal program of €1bn by year-end 2023) FORVIA’s full-year 2025 targets  as presented at the recent Capital Markets Day held on November 3  2022  are fully confirmed (based on an assumption of worldwide automotive production of 88 million vehicles in 2025  more conservative than S&P’s latest forecast of 90 million  and on 2025 currency rates of USD/€ @ 1.05 and CNY/€ @ 7.00): Sales of c. €30bnOperating margin > 7% of salesNet cash flow > 4% of salesNet debt/Adjusted EBITDA ratio < 1.5x at December 31  2025 FINANCIAL CALENDAR April 17  2023: Q1 2023 sales (before market hours)Q1 2023 sales (before market hours) May 30  2023: Annual Shareholders’ Meeting (Nanterre)Annual Shareholders’ Meeting (Nanterre) July 27  2023: H1 2023 results (before market hours)H1 2023 results (before market hours) October 20  2023: Q3 2023 sales (before market hours)“Operating income” presented as Faurecia’s main performance indicator is Operating income before amortization of intangible assets acquired in business combinations.“Adjusted EBITDA” is Operating income as defined above + depreciation and amortization of assets; to be fully compliant with the ESMA (European Securities and Markets Authority) regulation  this term of “Adjusted EBITDA” will be used by the Group as of January 1  2022 instead of the term “EBITDA” that was previously used (this means that “EBITDA” aggregates until 2021 are comparable with ‘Adjusted EBITDA” aggregates as from 2022).“Debt covenant” is the ratio “Net financial debt at the end of the period” vs. “Adjusted EBITDA over the last 12 months”; it is tested twice every year  at June 30 and at December 31 (except for June 30  2022 when covenant was not tested as agreed during April 2022 negotiations with banks).As mentioned above  in the calculation of Net debt / Adjusted EBITDA at December 31  2022  adjusted EBITDA was taken into account over the last 12 month-period; as HELLA has been consolidated only since February 1  2022 (11 months)  one additional month of contribution from HELLA has been taken into account for the calculation of the ratio.All other definitions are explained at the end of this Press Release  under the section “Definitions of terms used in this document”.All figures related to worldwide or regional automotive production refer to the S&P Global Mobility (ex-IHS Markit) forecast dated February 2023.Faurecia's financial report will be available at 9:30am today (Paris time) and the financial presentation at 10.15am (Paris time) on FORVIA’s website: www.forvia.com A webcasted meeting will be held today at 10:30am (Paris time) at Faurecia’s HQ in Nanterre. If you wish to follow the presentation using the webcast  please access the following link: https://www.sideup.fr/webcast-forvia-annual-results-2022 A replay will be available as soon as possible. You may also follow the presentation via conference call: France : +33 (0)1 70 95 01 03: +33 (0)1 70 95 01 03 United Kingdom : +44 (0)208 080 6592: +44 (0)208 080 6592 United States: +1 360-209-5623 Confirmation code: 85861392528# ContactsPressChristophe MALBRANQUEMedia Relations Directorchristophe.malbranque@forvia.comAnalysts/InvestorsMarc MAILLETHead of Investor RelationsTel: +33 (0)1 72 36 75 70marc.maillet@forvia.comAbout FORVIA  whose mission is: “We pioneer technology for mobility experiences that matter to people”.FORVIA comprises the complementary technology and industrial strengths of Faurecia and HELLA. With over 290 industrial sites and 76 R&D centers  157 000 people  including more than 15 000 R&D engineers across 40+ countries  FORVIA provides a unique and comprehensive approach to the automotive challenges of today and tomorrow. Composed of 6 business groups and a strong IP portfolio of over 14 000 patents  FORVIA is focused on becoming the preferred innovation and integration partner for OEMS worldwide. FORVIA aims to be a change maker committed to foreseeing and making the mobility transformation happen.www.forvia.com About FaureciaFaurecia  the parent company of the FORVIA Group  is a global automotive technology leader.In 2022  the Group reported consolidated sales of €25.5 billion.Faurecia is listed on the Euronext Paris market and is a component of the CAC Next 20  CAC 40 ESG and CAC SBT 1.5° indexes.www.faurecia.com About HELLAHELLA  a company of the FORVIA Group  is an internationally positioned automotive supplier.For its fiscal year starting June 1  2021 and ending May 31  2022  HELLA reported consolidated sales of €6.3 billion.HELLA is listed on the Frankfurt Stock Exchange and is a component of the SDAX index.www.hella.com DISCLAIMER This presentation contains certain forward-looking statements concerning Faurecia. Such forward-looking statements represent trends or objectives and cannot be construed as constituting forecasts regarding the future Faurecia’s results or any other performance indicator. In some cases  you can identify these forward-looking statements by forward-looking words  such as ""estimate "" ""expect "" ""anticipate "" ""project "" ""plan "" ""intend "" ""objective""  ""believe "" ""forecast "" ""foresee "" ""likely "" ""may "" ""should "" ""goal "" ""target "" ""might "" ""would ""  “will”  ""could ""  ""predict "" ""continue "" ""convinced "" and ""confident "" the negative or plural of these words and other comparable terminology. Forward looking statements in this document include  but are not limited to  financial projections and estimates and their underlying assumptions including  without limitation  assumptions regarding present and future business strategies (including the successful integration of HELLA within the Faurecia Group)  expectations and statements regarding Faurecia's operation of its business  and the future operation  direction and success of Faurecia's business. Although Faurecia believes its expectations are based on reasonable assumptions  investors are cautioned that these forward-looking statements are subject to numerous various risks  whether known or unknown  and uncertainties and other factors  all of which may be beyond the control of Faurecia and could cause actual results to differ materially from those anticipated in these forward-looking statements. For a detailed description of these risks and uncertainties and other factors  please refer to public filings made with the Autorité des Marchés Financiers (“AMF”)  press releases  presentations and  in particular  to those described in the section 2.""Risk factors & Risk management” of Faurecia's 2021 Universal Registration Document filed by Faurecia with the AMF on April 6th  2022 under number D. 22-0246 (a version of which is available on www.faurecia.com). Subject to regulatory requirements  Faurecia does not undertake to publicly update or revise any of these forward-looking statements whether as a result of new information  future events  or otherwise. Any information relating to past performance contained herein is not a guarantee of future performance. Nothing herein should be construed as an investment recommendation or as legal  tax  investment or accounting advice. The historical figures related to HELLA included in this presentation have been provided to Faurecia by HELLA within the context of the acquisition process. These historical figures have not been audited or subject to a limited review by the auditors of Faurecia. HELLA remains a listed company. For more information on HELLA  more information is available on www.hella.com. This presentation does not constitute and should not be construed as an offer to sell or a solicitation of an offer to buy Faurecia securities.APPENDICES DEFINITIONS OF TERMS USED IN THIS DOCUMENT Sales growth Faurecia’s year-on-year sales evolution is made of three components: A “ Currency effect”   calculated by applying average currency rates for the period to the sales of the prior year   calculated by applying average currency rates for the period to the sales of the prior year  A “Scope effect” (acquisition/divestment) (acquisition/divestment)  And “Growth at constant currencies”. As “Scope effect”  Faurecia presents all acquisitions/divestments  whose sales on an annual basis amount to more than €250 million. Other acquisitions below this threshold are considered as “bolt-on acquisitions” and are included in “Growth at constant currencies”. In 2021  there was no effect from “bolt-on acquisitions”; as a result  “Growth at constant currencies” is equivalent to sales growth at constant scope and currencies also presented as organic growth. Operating income Operating income is the Faurecia group’s principal performance indicator. It corresponds to net income of fully consolidated companies before: Amortization of intangible assets acquired in business combinations;Other non-recurring operating income and expense  corresponding to material  unusual and non-recurring items including reorganization expenses and early retirement costs  the impact of exceptional events such as the discontinuation of a business  the closure or sale of an industrial site  disposals of non-operating buildings  impairment losses recorded for property  plant and equipment or intangible assets  as well as other material and unusual losses;Income on loans  cash investments and marketable securities; Finance costs;Other financial income and expense  which include the impact of discounting the pension benefit obligation and the return on related plan assets  the ineffective portion of interest rate and currency hedges  changes in value of interest rate and currency instruments for which the hedging relationship does not satisfy the criteria set forth in relationship cannot be demonstrated under IFRS 9  and gains and losses on sales of shares in subsidiaries;Taxes. Adjusted EBITDA Adjusted EBITDA is Operating income as defined above + depreciation and amortization of assets; to be fully compliant with the ESMA (European Securities and Markets Authority) regulation  this term of “Adjusted EBITDA” will be used by the Group as of January 1  2022 instead of the term “EBITDA” that was previously used (this means that “EBITDA” aggregates until 2021 are comparable with ‘Adjusted EBITDA” aggregates as from 2022). Net cash-flow Net cash-flow is defined as follow: Net cash from (used in) operating and investing activities less (acquisitions)/disposal of equity interests and businesses (net of cash and cash equivalents)  other changes and proceeds from disposal of financial assets. Repayment of IFRS 16 debt is not included. Net financial debt Net financial debt is defined as follow: Gross financial debt less cash and cash equivalents and derivatives classified under non-current and current assets. It includes the lease liabilities (IFRS 16 debt). Attachment FORVIA Faurecia PRESS RELEASE FY 2022 RESULTS def GBAll news about FAURECIA SE 11:22a Global markets live: Airbus  Tesla  Meta  Commerzbank... 09:50a Faurecia : Document AMF CP. 2023E885541 PU 06:35a European Midday Briefing: Cautious Start to Week -2- DJ 05:33a European shares flat as Telecom Italia drags eurozone stocks RE 05:29a FAURECIA : UBS remains Neutral MD 04:39a FAURECIA : Gets a Sell rating from Jefferies MD 04:30a Transcript : Faurecia S.E.  2022 Earnings Call  Feb 20  2023 CI 03:01a European shares open higher on boost from miners RE 01:36a Car parts maker Forvia sees stable sales in 2023 RE 01:31a FORVIA Faurecia's FY 2022 results GL Analyst Recommendations on FAURECIA SE 05:29a FAURECIA : UBS remains Neutral MD 04:39a FAURECIA : Gets a Sell rating from Jefferies MD 01/23 FAURECIA : Gets a Neutral rating from UBS MD",neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,mixed,0.25,0.05,0.7,True,English,"['FORVIA Faurecia', 'FY 2022 results', 'first joint Capital Markets D', '7th biggest automotive technology player', '7th BIGGEST AUTOMOTIVE TECHNOLOGY SUPPLIER', 'S&P Global Mobility', 'STRONG JOINT ORDER INTAKE', '1 billion euro divestment program', 'MEDIUM-TERM PROFITABLE GROWTH TARGETS', 'Net debt/Adj. EBITDA ratio', 'STRONG NET CASH FLOW', 'STRONG 2022 ORDER INTAKE', 'solid order intake', 'Worldwide automotive production', 'multiple email addresses', 'continued semiconductor shortages', 'supply chain issues', 'rising interest rates', 'Michel de ROSEN', 'SUSTAINABLE PROFITABLE GROWTH', 'Average currency rates', '2022 consolidated financial statements', 'sales synergy targets', 'resilient operating margin', 'resilient financial performance', 'major scope effect', 'SUSTAINABLE GROWTH DELEVERAGING', 'total Group sales', 'strong generation', 'First name', 'MOBILITY EXPERIENCES', 'AVERAGE MARGIN', 'CASH GENERATION', 'DISPOSAL PROGRAM', 'actual production', '25 billion euros', '31 billion euros', 'constant scope', 'DELEVERAGING GROWTH', 'Operating income', 'REPORTED BASIS', 'ORGANIC BASIS', 'CONTEMPLATED TRANASCTIONS', 'IHS Markit', 'following assumptions', '82 million vehicles', 'full-year 2023 guidance', 'estimated impact', 'disposal transactions', 'Patrick KOLLER', 'majority stake', 'complementary offers', 'two companies', 'Covid crisis', 'additional challenges', 'high inflation', 'energy prices', 'uncertain environment', 'new size', 'second half', '471 million euros', 'non-strategic assets', 'significant progress', 'similar level', 'tough environment', 'future success', 'full comparability', 'FY 2022 results', 'COST SYNERGIES', 'FY 2023 GUIDANCE', 'SALES SYNERGIES', 'historic year', 'HELLA teams', 'FORVIA Group', 'FORVIA Faurecia', '2022 performance', 'HELLA.', 'commas', 'Message', 'fields', 'Nanterre', 'France', 'February', 'ACHIEVEMENTS', 'RESILIENCE', 'H2', 'YEAR-END', 'JUNE', 'PRIORITIES', 'INTEGRATION', '11 months', 'YoY', 'change', 'currencies', '000 units', 'source', 'CNY', 'December', 'CEO', 'acquisition', 'strengths', 'recovery', 'outbreak', 'war', 'Ukraine', 'surge', 'disengagement', 'Russia', 'bridge', 'loan', 'equity', 'disposals', '2023 volumes', 'commitment', 'creation', 'conditions', 'Board', 'Directors', 'chairmanship', 'meeting', 'figures', 'consolidation', 'START', 'January', 'accounts', 'mission', 'MATTER', 'PEOPLE', 'November']",2023-02-20,2023-02-20,marketscreener.com
18873,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/FAURECIA-SE-4647/news/FORVIA-Faurecia-s-FY-2022-results-43032242/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230220,FORVIA Faurecia's FY 2022 results,(marketscreener.com)                                                           ...https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/FAURECIA-SE-4647/news/FORVIA-Faurecia-s-FY-2022-results-43032242/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230220,"FORVIA Faurecia's FY 2022 results 02/20/2023 | 01:30am EST Send by mail :Name : First name : From * : To * : (You can enter multiple email addresses separated by commas) Message : * Required fields Nanterre (France)  February 20  2023 OUR ACHIEVEMENTS: GROWTH  RESILIENCE  CASH GENERATION & DELEVERAGING GROWTH: SALES OF €25.5BN  +63% ON A REPORTED BASIS AND +17% ON AN ORGANIC BASISRESILIENCE: OPERATING MARGIN OF 5.0% IN H2 2022 AND 4.4% IN FY 2022CASH GENERATION: STRONG NET CASH FLOW OF €471MDELEVERAGING: NET DEBT/ADJ. EBITDA RATIO AT 2.6x AT YEAR-END VS. 3.1x AT JUNE 30 OUR PRIORITIES: DELEVERAGING  INTEGRATION & SUSTAINABLE GROWTH DELEVERAGING: €1BN DISPOSAL PROGRAM FULFILLED THROUGH CONTEMPLATED TRANASCTIONS ANNOUNCED TO DATEINTEGRATION OF HELLA: COST SYNERGIES UPGRADED TO > €300M AND SALES SYNERGIES UPGRADED TO > €400M  SUPPORTED BY 2022 STRONG JOINT ORDER INTAKE OF €1.8BNSUSTAINABLE PROFITABLE GROWTH: STRONG 2022 ORDER INTAKE OF €31BN AT AN AVERAGE MARGIN ABOVE 7%  SUPPORTING MEDIUM-TERM PROFITABLE GROWTH TARGETSin €m FY 2021(Faurecia “stand-alone”) FY 2022(incl. 11 months of HELLA) YoYchange Worldwide automotive production* 77 197 82 375 +6.7% SalesAt constant scope & currencies 15 618 25 458 +63.0%+17.0% Operating incomeAs % of sales 8625.5% 1 1154.4% +29.4% Adjusted EBITDAAs % of sales 2 10913.5% 3 01211.8% +42.8% Net cash flowAs % of sales 3052.0% 4711.9% +54.6% * in 000 units  source: S&P Global Mobility (ex-IHS Markit) dated February 2023 FY 2023 GUIDANCE Based on the following assumptions: Worldwide automotive production of 82 million vehicles in 2023  broadly flat vs. actual production in 2022 Average currency rates of USD/€ @ 1.10 and CNY/€ @ 7.50 FORVIA’s full-year 2023 guidance is as follows: Sales between €25.2bn and €26.2bn (incl. an estimated impact of €(1.3)bn from disposal transactions announced to date)(incl. an estimated impact of €(1.3)bn from disposal transactions announced to date) Operating margin between 5% and 6% of salesNet cash flow exceeding 1.5% of salesNet debt/Adj. EBITDA ratio between 2.0x and 2.4x at December 31  2023  including the effect of the disposal program of €1bn by end-2023 Patrick KOLLER  CEO of Faurecia  declared: “2022 has been a historic year for the Group as we closed the acquisition of a majority stake in HELLA to create FORVIA  the world’s 7th biggest automotive technology player  combining the complementary offers and strengths of the two companies. 2022  which was initially expected to be a year of recovery from the Covid crisis  turned out to be a year of continued semiconductor shortages and supply chain issues heightened by the outbreak of the war in Ukraine. The year was characterized by additional challenges  with high inflation  a surge in energy prices  rising interest rates and our disengagement from Russia. In this uncertain environment  FORVIA’s 2022 performance reflects the new size of the Group  with consolidated sales above 25 billion euros  a resilient operating margin that reached 5% of sales in the second half of the year and a strong generation of net cash flow at 471 million euros. We have fully refinanced the bridge-to-loan and bridge-to-equity to acquire HELLA. The disposals we have announced to date fulfill our 1 billion euro divestment program of non-strategic assets. The significant progress made in the integration of HELLA allows us to raise both the cost and sales synergy targets. With our assumption that 2023 volumes will be at a similar level to 2022  we target to improve our financial performance in 2023. I would like to thank all the Faurecia and HELLA teams for their commitment to the creation of FORVIA  succeeding in a tough environment to deliver resilient financial performance and to creating the conditions for future success and profitable growth  comforted by the solid order intake of 31 billion euros recorded last year.” The 2022 consolidated financial statements have been approved by the Board of Directors  under the chairmanship of Michel de ROSEN  at its meeting held on February 17  2023.These financial statements have been audited.There is no full comparability between figures reported for 2021 and figures reported for 2022 as: Figures reported for 2021 are figures related to Faurecia “stand-alone” as reported in February 2022 Figures reported for 2022 include a major scope effect  i.e. the consolidation of HELLA since February 1  2022 (i.e. 11 months in 2022  representing 26% of total Group sales).KEY ACHIEVEMENTS SINCE THE START OF 2022 2022: FROM FAURECIA TO FORVIA  COMBINING FAURECIA’S AND HELLA’S STRENGTHS AND CREATING FORVIA  THE WORLD’S 7th BIGGEST AUTOMOTIVE TECHNOLOGY SUPPLIER  WITH SALES OF C. €30BN IN 2025 On January 31  2022  Faurecia closed the acquisition of a majority stake of 82% in HELLA. HELLA has been consolidated in Faurecia’s accounts since February 1  2022. The newly combined FORVIA Group’s mission is: “WE PIONEER TECHNOLOGY FOR MOBILITY EXPERIENCES THAT MATTER TO PEOPLE”. On November 3  2022  Faurecia and HELLA held their first joint Capital Markets Day in Paris  during which FORVIA unveiled its Power25 medium-term plan to drive profitable growth  enhance cash generation and accelerate Group deleveraging (all details available on www.forvia.com). FORVIA’s Power25 plan is focused on three key strategic priorities: Drive sales growth through innovation and sustainability Enhance profitability and lower breakeven Generate strong cash conversion and actively manage portfolio to accelerate Group deleveraging. These ambitions are translated into the following 2025 financial objectives (based on an assumption of worldwide automotive production of 88 million units in 2025 and after the estimated effect of the €1bn disposal program by end-2023): 2025 sales of c. €30 billion 2025 operating margin > 7% of sales 2025 net cash flow at 4% of sales Net-debt-to-adjusted-EBITDA < 1.5x at December 31  2025 In January 2023  FORVIA presented at CES 2023 in Las Vegas its combined portfolio of Faurecia and HELLA technologies addressing megatrends in electrification  automated driving  and personalized cockpits. The world's first Solid State Lighting High-Definition headlamp (SSL | HD) presented by the Group received a CES 2023 Innovation Award. As from 2023  Faurecia and HELLA’s fiscal years are aligned on the calendar year.Significant progress achieved in the integration process of HELLA: cost synergies upgraded to more than €300 million 2025 EBITDA run-rate (vs. > €250 million previously) and sales synergies upgraded to more than €400 million in 2025 (vs. between €300 million and €400 million previously)  supported by strong 2022 joint order intake for €1.8 billion Since the effective entry of HELLA into the Group’s consolidation scope  the two companies  under the leadership of their respective management teams  have accelerated collaboration and achieved significant progress in generating synergies. As regards cost synergies  over 200 individual synergy measures have been validated by Faurecia’s and HELLA’s teams. They can be broken down into more than 1 000 detailed actions  with robust tracking and governance. As a result  cost synergies and optimization have been upgraded to more than €300 million 2025 EBITDA run-rate (vs. more than €250 million previously). Concerning sales synergies  Faurecia’s and HELLA’s joined forces succeeded in generating a strong order intake of €1.8 billion in 2022  demonstrating the potential for combined commercial offers and opportunities in the coming years  notably capitalizing on CES 2023 successes. The 2022 joint order intake of €1.8 billion already represents more than €300 million of 2025 sales synergies or more than €400 million 2026 run-rate. Sales synergies are now upgraded to more than €400 million by 2025 (vs. between €300 million and €400 million previously). SOLID ORDER INTAKE OF €31BN IN FY 2022 SUPPORTS MEDIUM-TERM PROFITABLE GROWTH DRIVERS In 2022  FORVIA (Faurecia + HELLA) recorded a solid order intake of €31 billion  with an average operating margin above 7%  already reaching the Power25 plan’s targeted profitability. New 2022 awards reflect FORVIA’s strategy to focus on key activities; they included: €8.4 billion for Electronics  representing 27% of the Group’s total order intake and demonstrating the strong potential of Electronics representing 27% of the Group’s total order intake and demonstrating the strong potential of Electronics  €13.3 billion for Electric Vehicles (BEVs and FCEVs)  representing 43% of the Group’s total order intake and demonstrating acceleration on the Zero Emissions strategy representing 43% of the Group’s total order intake and demonstrating acceleration on the Zero Emissions strategy  €6.2 billion for China  representing 20% of the Group’s total order intake and reflecting the continued strong growth of this highly profitable market representing 20% of the Group’s total order intake and reflecting the continued strong growth of this highly profitable market  €18.8 billion for Premium Vehicles and SUVs  representing 61% of the Group’s total order intake and reflecting the Group’s strong positioning on segments with the highest content per vehicle. REFINANCING OF THE ACQUISITION OF HELLA COMPLETED The acquisition of an 82% stake in HELLA represented a total investment of €5.4 billion. The financing was fully secured through a committed bridge facility of €5.5bn  signed in August 2021. This bridge facility included a bridge-to-equity component  whose deadline was mid-February 2023  and a bridge-to-loan  whose deadline was mid-August 2023. The refinancing has been entirely completed  although markets conditions have proven more difficult since the outbreak of the war in Ukraine and the start of a period of strong inflation. Out of the total investment of €5.4 billion: €0.5 billion was paid in shares through a Faurecia capital increase reserved to the Hueck/Roepke Family pool (now holding 9.22% of Faurecia’s share capital) €0.7 billion was financed through a capital increase with preferential subscription rights issued in June 2022 (45 482 154 new shares at a subscription price of €15.50). The rest was financed through debt issuances and use of cash for a total amount of €4.2 billion. Total HELLA-related average cost of financing for this amount of €4.2billion is estimated at c. 4.5% (estimation based on Euribor 1 month at 2.50%). €1BN DISPOSAL PROGRAM OF NON-STRATEGIC ASSETS BY END-2023 FULFILLED THROUGH CONTEMPLATED TRANSACTIONS ANNOUNCED TO DATE With yesterday’s announcement that the Motherson group has committed to acquire Faurecia’s SAS Cockpit Modules division  contemplated transactions announced to date fulfill FORVIA’s €1 billion disposal program of non-strategic assets by end-2023  designed to accelerate deleveraging after the HELLA acquisition. In July 2022: HELLA announced the sale of its 33.33% stake in HBPO to its co-shareholder  Plastic Omnium  for a price of c. €290 million and the transaction was closed  as expected  in December 2022. In December 2022: Faurecia announced the sale of its Interiors business in India to TAFE (Tractors and Farm Equipment Ltd) Faurecia  Michelin (its 50/50 partner in Symbio) and Stellantis announced they were in exclusive negotiations for Stellantis to acquire a substantial stake in Symbio  a leader in zero emission hydrogen mobility. The closing of the transaction is expected to occur in H1 2023 and is subject to customary closing conditions  including regulatory approvals. In February 2023: Faurecia and Cummins announced they are in exclusive negotiations for the potential sale to Cummins of Faurecia’s commercial vehicle exhaust aftertreatment business in Europe and the United States for an enterprise value of €150 million.Faurecia announced yesterday that the Motherson group has committed to acquire its SAS Cockpit Modules division (assembly and logistics services)  reported as part of its Interiors Segment  for an enterprise value of €540 million. DISENGAGEMENT FROM RUSSIA Faurecia has decided to disengage from Russia and completed depreciation of related assets at the end of 2022.H2 2022 & FY 2022 GROUP SALES & PROFITABILITY CONTINUED STRONG SALES OUTPERFORMANCE IN H2  INCLUDING POSITIVE EFFECT FROM INFLATION PASS-THROUGH IMPROVING OPERATING MARGIN OF 5.0% IN H2  UP 50BPS YEAR-ON-YEAR AND UP 130BPS SEQUENTIALLY VS. H1 2022 GROUP (in €m) H2 2021 Currency Organic growth Scope effect H2 2022 Reported (Faurecia effect (Faurecia (HELLA FORVIA change stand-alone) stand-alone) 6 months) Worldwide auto. production (m units) 37 786 43 395 14 8% Sales 7 835 319 1 957 3 724 13 835 76 6% % of last year's sales 4 1% 25 0% 47 5% outperformance (bps) 1 020 Operating income 352 689 95 7% % of sales 4 5% 5 0% +50bps In H2 2022: Sales amounted to €13 835 million  up 76.6% on a reported basis and up 25.0% on an organic basis Currency effect of +4.1%  almost equivalent to that registered in H1 2022 (mainly US dollar and Chinese yuan) Scope effect of +47.5% (or €3 724 million) related to the consolidation of HELLA over the entire period Organic growth of +25.0% to be compared with 14.8% growth in worldwide automotive production over the same period  i.e. an outperformance of 1 020bps . This outperformance included a very limited negative impact from geographic mix of c. 50bps and a positive impact of c. 620bps related to inflation pass-through to customers during the periodOperating margin stood at 5.0% of sales  up 50bps year-on-year and up 130bps sequentially vs. H1 2022 The sequential improvement of 130bps vs. H1 2022 mainly reflected fewer supply chain disruptions  no Covid restrictions in China in H2  reduced extra costs from the Seating program in Michigan and improved efficiency of inflation pass-through to customers Inflation pass-through to customers  which corresponds to sales at zero margin  had a cumulated dilutive impact on operating margin of c. 140bps in H2STRONG SALES OUTPERFORMANCE IN FY 2022  INCLUDING POSITIVE EFFECT FROM INFLATION PASS-THROUGH RESILIENT OPERATING MARGIN OF 4.4% IN FY 2022  OR 5.6% EXCLUDING A 120BPS DILUTIVE EFFECT FROM INFLATION PASS-THROUGH (SALES AT ZERO MARGIN) GROUP (in €m) FY 2021 Currency Organic growth Scope effect FY 2022 Reported (Faurecia effect (Faurecia (HELLA FORVIA change stand-alone) stand-alone) 11 months) Worldwide auto. production (m units) 77 197 82 375 6 7% Sales 15 618 674 2 654 6 512 25 458 63 0% % of last year's sales 4 3% 17 0% 41 7% outperformance (bps) 1 030 Operating income 862 1 115 29 4% % of sales 5 5% 4 4% -110bps In FY 2022: Sales amounted to €25 458 million  up 63.0% on a reported basis and up 17.0% on an organic basis Currency effect of +4.3%  mainly the US dollar and the Chinese yuan vs. the euro Scope effect of +41.7% (or €6 512million) related to the consolidation of HELLA over 11 months (since February 1  2022) Organic growth of +17.0% to be compared with a 6.7% growth in worldwide automotive production over the same period  i.e. an outperformance of 1 030bps . This outperformance included a negative impact from geographic mix of c. 200bps and a positive impact of c. 540bps related to inflation pass-through to customers during the periodOperating margin stood at 4.4% of sales  down 110bps year-on-year The full-year drop of 110bps in operating margin year-on-year reflected the low level of operating margin in H1 (3.7% vs. 6.6% in H1 2021) that was severely hit by the outbreak of the war in Ukraine and its multiple consequences (supply chain disruptions  raw materials and energy inflation…) and by Covid restrictions in China  in addition to continued shortage of semiconductors and still significant extra costs from the Seating program in Michigan Inflation pass-through to customers  which corresponds to sales at zero margin  had a cumulated dilutive impact on operating margin of c. 120bps in the full yearIn FY 2022  inflation generated more than €1 billion of additional costs vs. 2021 for FORVIA operations (Faurecia + HELLA) and pass-through to customers generated additional sales of close to €1 billion through contractual mechanisms in place and specific negotiations and claims to customers  i.e. a pass-through that exceeded 85%.FY 2022 SALES AND PROFITABILITY BY BUSINESS GROUP SEATING (30% of Group consolidated sales) SEATING (in €m) FY 2021 Currency Organic growth Scope effect FY 2022 Reported (Faurecia effect (Faurecia (HELLA FORVIA change stand-alone) stand-alone) 11 months) Worldwide auto. production (m units) 77 197 82 375 6 7% Sales 6 049 331 1 324 7 704 27 4% % of last year's sales 5 5% 21 9% outperformance (bps) 1 520 Operating income 285 197 -30 8% % of sales 4 7% 2 6% -210bps Sales Strong organic growth of +29.9% in H2  resulting in +21.9% in FY. All regions contributed to the full-year organic growth: China and North America grew in strong double-digits  while Europe grew in high single-digits. North America was driven by Stellantis (as the Michigan program only got underway in H2 2021) and China was driven by very strong growth from Chinese OEMs (mostly BYD) and a US EV carmaker present in China. Operating income Operating income in H2 recovered to 3.2% of sales from 1.8% of sales in H1  resulting in full-year operating margin of 2.6% of sales  down 210bps year-on-year. The sequential improvement in H2 reflected continued reduction in extra costs related to the Michigan plant (€35 million in H2 2022 after €45 million in H1 2022 and €100 million in H2 2021). Excluding these extra costs  operating margin in 2022 stood at 4.0% of sales in H2 and 3.6% of sales in FY. INTERIORS (22% of Group consolidated sales) INTERIORS (in €m) FY 2021 Currency Organic growth Scope effect FY 2022 Reported (Faurecia effect (Faurecia (HELLA FORVIA change stand-alone) stand-alone) 11 months) Worldwide auto. production (m units) 77 197 82 375 6 7% Sales 4 641 110 779 5 529 19 2% % of last year's sales 2 4% 16 8% outperformance (bps) 1 010 Operating income 190 246 29 4% % of sales 4 1% 4 4% +30bps Sales Strong organic growth of +29.1% in H2  resulting in +16.8% in FY. Organic growth was mainly driven by Europe and North America  which both grew in double-digits. North America reflected growth with GM  Ford  a US EV carmaker and new entrants  while Europe reflected strong growth with Ford and BMW. Operating income Operating income in H2 improved to 5.2% of sales from 3.6% of sales in H1. In the full-year  operating income was 4.4% of sales  up 30bps vs. FY 2021. This year-on-year improvement mainly reflected better fixed cost absorption through higher sales volume and positive effect from repricing in North America. CLEAN MOBILITY (19% of Group consolidated sales) CLEAN MOBILITY (in €m) FY 2021 Currency Organic growth Scope effect FY 2022 Reported (Faurecia effect (Faurecia (HELLA FORVIA change stand-alone) stand-alone) 11 months) Worldwide auto. production (m units) 77 197 82 375 6 7% Sales 4 091 199 446 4 736 15 8% % of last year's sales 4 9% 10 9% outperformance (bps) 420 Operating income 389 336 -13 5% % of sales 9 5% 7 1% -240bps Sales Organic growth of +15.1% in H2  resulting in +10.9% in FY. Organic growth was mainly driven by Europe and North America and  to a lesser extent  South America. In the three regions  sales grew organically in double-digits. In Europe  organic growth was driven by Ford and sales related to commercial vehicles  while in North America it was also Ford and commercial vehicles  as well as GM. In South America  increase in sales to GM was the main driver for sustained organic growth. Operating income Operating income in H2 improved to 7.5% of sales after 6.6% of sales in H1  resulting in 7.1% of sales in FY  down 240bps vs. FY 2021. This year-on-year deterioration mainly reflected dilutive impact from inflation pass-through for c. 100bps  some operational extra costs for c. 40bps and the development of zero-emissions sales  which are not yet profitable  for another 60bps.ELECTRONICS (14% of Group consolidated sales) ELECTRONICS (in €m) FY 2021 Currency Organic growth Scope effect FY 2022 Reported (Faurecia effect (Faurecia (HELLA FORVIA change stand-alone) stand-alone) 11 months) Worldwide auto. production (m units) 77 197 82 375 6 7% Sales 838 34 105 2 545 3 522 320 5% % of last year's sales 4 1% 12 5% 303 9% outperformance (bps) 580 Operating income -2 141 n/s % of sales -0 2% 4 0% n/s Sales Step change in size (sales multiplied by more than 4x between 2021 and 2022) as Electronics now aggregates the Electronics activity of Faurecia (€977 million vs. €838 million in 2021) and the Electronics activity of HELLA (€2 545 million of scope effect for 11 months in 2022). Organic growth (only related to Faurecia’s Electronics activity) stood at 12.5% with double-digit growth in all regions. Operating income Operating income stood at 4.0% of sales in FY  or €141 million. This included an operating loss of €10 million related to Faurecia’s Electronics activity and a negative accounting impact of €19 million linked to asset revaluations in the context of HELLA’s opening balance-sheet exercise. Restated for this last accounting item  operating income was €160 million  representing 4.5% of total Electronics sales  of which: A loss of 1.0% of sales from Faurecia’s Electronics activity (but at breakeven in H2 2022) A profit of 6.7% of sales from HELLA’s Electronics activity. LIGHTING (12% of Group consolidated sales) LIGHTING (in €m) FY 2021 Currency Organic growth Scope effect FY 2022 Reported (Faurecia effect (Faurecia (HELLA FORVIA change stand-alone) stand-alone) 11 months) Worldwide auto. production (m units) 77 197 82 375 6 7% Sales 3 074 3 074 % of last year's sales outperformance (bps) Operating income 107 % of sales 3 5% Sales This activity is consolidated for the first year in Faurecia’s consolidated accounts. Sales for 11 months amounted to €3 074 million. Operating income Operating income stood at 3.5% of sales in FY. Operating income of €107 million included a positive accounting impact of €40 million linked to asset revaluations in the context of HELLA’s opening balance-sheet exercise. Restated for this accounting item  operating income was €67 million  representing 2.2% of Lighting sales. LIFECYCLE SOLUTIONS (3% of Group consolidated sales) LIFECYCLE SOLUTIONS (in €m) FY 2021 Currency Organic growth Scope effect FY 2022 Reported (Faurecia effect (Faurecia (HELLA FORVIA change stand-alone) stand-alone) 11 months) Worldwide auto. production (m units) 77 197 82 375 6 7% Sales 893 893 % of last year's sales outperformance (bps) Operating income 89 % of sales 9 9% Sales This activity is consolidated for the first year in Faurecia’s consolidated accounts. Sales for 11 months amounted to €893 million. Operating income Operating income stood at 9.9% of sales in FY. The operating income of €89 million included a negative accounting impact of €2 million linked to asset revaluations in the context of HELLA’s opening balance-sheet exercise. Restated for this accounting item  operating income was €91 million  representing 10.2% of Lifecycle Solutions sales.FY 2022 SALES & PROFITABILITY BY REGION Europe North Am. South Am. Americas Asia % of 2022 consolidated sales 44% 25% 3% 28% 27% Regional auto. prod. YoY* -0 5% 9 7% 8 4% 9 4% 8 2% 2021 sales (€m) 6 996 3 725 543 4 268 4 167 Currency effect -2 4% 14 8% -1 9% 12 7% 7 2% YoY organic 10 1% 20 7% 34 3% 22 4% 21 6% Scope effect 52 0% 36 6% 4 1% 32 4% 34 3% 2022 sales (€m) 11 165 6 410 741 7 151 6 795 YoY reported 59 6% 72 1% 36 4% 67 6% 63 1% 2021 operating income (€m) 292 49 44 92 458 % of sales 4 2% 1 3% 7 9% 2 2% 11 0% 2022 operating income (€m) 180 142 51 193 723 % of sales 1 6% 2 2% 6 9% 2 7% 10 6% * Regional automotive production 2022 vs. 2021  source: S&P Global Mobility (ex-IHS Markit) dated February 2023 Sales All regions reported double-digit sales outperformance vs. regional automotive performance. Operating income In Europe (44% of Group sales)  operating margin dropped by 260bps  mainly due to the consequences of the war in Ukraine.operating margin dropped by 260bps  mainly due to the consequences of the war in Ukraine. In North America (25% of Group sales)  operating margin increased by 90bps to 2.2% (extra costs from the Michigan plant decreased every half from €100m in H2 2021 to €45m in H1 2022 and €35m in H2 2022).operating margin increased by 90bps to 2.2% (extra costs from the Michigan plant decreased every half from €100m in H2 2021 to €45m in H1 2022 and €35m in H2 2022). In Asia (27% of Group sales)  operating margin stood above 10%.2022 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF COMPREHENSIVE INCOME in €m 2021 2022 Sales 15 618 25 458 Reported growth +63.0% Organic growth +17.0% Operating income(before amort. of acquired intangible assets) 862 1 115 Amort. of int. assets acquired in business combinations (93) (219) Operating income(after amort. of acquired intangible assets) 769 896 Restructuring (196) (352) Other non-recurring operating income and expense (42) (97) Net interest expense & Other financial income and expense (254) (523) Income before tax of fully consolidated companies 276 (75) Income taxes (139) (186) Net income of fully consolidated companies 137 (262) Share of net income of associates (25) 11 Net income from continued operations 113 (250) Net income from discontinued operations (96) Consolidated net income before minority interest 16 (250) Minority interest (95) (131) Consolidated net income  Group share (79) (382) Reminder: 2021 figures are Faurecia “stand-alone” figures while 2022 figures include the impact of the consolidation of HELLA since February 1  2022 (11 months) as well as the cost of financing the acquisition. Group operating income stood at €1 115 million (4.4% of sales) vs. €862 million in 2021 (5.5% of sales). Amortization of intangible assets acquired in business combinations: net charge of €219 million  including a charge of €131 for the amortization of the goodwill related to the acquisition of HELLA since February 1  2022 (11 months)  vs. €93 million in 2021.net charge of €219 million  including a charge of €131 for the amortization of the goodwill related to the acquisition of HELLA since February 1  2022 (11 months)  vs. €93 million in 2021. Restructuring expenses of €352 million  vs. €196 million in 2021; 2022 restructuring expenses included €208 million of restructuring costs (vs. €138 million in 2021) and €144 million of asset write-downs (vs. €59 million in 2021)  of which the main part was related to Russia for €104 million.of €352 million  vs. €196 million in 2021; 2022 restructuring expenses included €208 million of restructuring costs (vs. €138 million in 2021) and €144 million of asset write-downs (vs. €59 million in 2021)  of which the main part was related to Russia for €104 million. Other non-recurring operating income and expense was a net charge of €97 million (vs. a net charge of €42 million in 2021); 2022 net charge included €43 million of non-recurring costs related to the acquisition of HELLA and €27 million of non-recurring costs related to operations in Russia.was a net charge of €97 million (vs. a net charge of €42 million in 2021); 2022 net charge included €43 million of non-recurring costs related to the acquisition of HELLA and €27 million of non-recurring costs related to operations in Russia. Net financial charge of €523 million (vs. a net charge of €254 million in 2021) included financial costs for €385 million (vs. €239 million in 2021) and other financial expenses for €189 million (vs. €47 million in 2021) that included a charge of €41 million for hyperinflation  a charge of €43 million related to currencies and a charge of €34 million for costs related to the acquisition of HELLA. Income before tax of fully consolidated companies was an operating loss of €75 million (vs. an operating profit of €276 million in 2021); it included €130 million from costs related to the ecision to disengage from Russia and €195 million from integration and integration and financial costs related to the acquisition of HELLA. Income tax was a charge of €186 million in 2022 (vs. a charge of €139 million in 2021) that mainly reflected an unfavorable geographic mix as most of the 2022 profit was recorded in Asia.that mainly reflected an unfavorable geographic mix as most of the 2022 profit was recorded in Asia. Share of net income from associates was a profit of €11 million (vs. a loss of €25 million in 2021).(vs. a loss of €25 million in 2021). Net income of discontinued operations in 2021 was a loss of €96 million in 2021  due to the divestment of AST.Minority interest (including the c. 18% minority interest in HELLA) amounted to €131 million (vs. €95 million in 2021). Net income  Group share was a loss of €382 million (vs. a loss of €79 million in 2021)  mainly impacted by: One-off charges (mainly asset impairment) of €143 million related to the decision to disengage from Russia Integration costs related to the acquisition of HELLA for €51 million One-off restructurings of €86 million Hyperinflation costs for €41 million.2022 CONSOLIDATED CASH FLOW STATEMENT in €m 2021 H1 2022 2022 Operating income 862 426 1 115 Depreciation and amortization  of which: 1 247 895 1 897 - Amortization of R&D intangible assets 487 320 687 - Other depreciation and amortization 760 575 1 210 Adj. EBITDA 2 109 1 321 3 012 % of sales 13 5% 11 4% 11 8% Capex -530 -523 -1 177 Capitalized R&D -670 -470 -966 Change in WCR -19 22 374 Change in factoring 72 234 183 Restructuring -175 -93 -184 Financial expenses -230 -182 -373 Taxes -243 -220 -384 Other (operational) -10 13 -14 Net cash flow 305 102 471 Dividends paid incl. mino. -201 -5 -55 Share purchase -26 Net financial investment & Other -126 -4 863 -4 539 Discontinued operations -49 IFRS16 impact -241 -162 -349 Change in net debt -339 -4 928 -4 472 Net debt at the beginning of the period -3 128 -3 467 -3 467 Net debt at the end of the period -3 467 -8 394 -7 939 Net-debt-to-Adj. EBITDA ratio 1.6x 3.1x 2.6x Reminder: 2021 figures are Faurecia “stand-alone” figures while 2022 figures include the impact of the consolidation of HELLA since February 1  2022 (11 months) as well as the cost of financing the acquisition. Net debt / Adjusted EBITDA ratio is Net financial debt at the end of each period vs. Adjusted EBITDA over the last 12 months; at December 31  2022  as HELLA has been consolidated only since February 1  2022 (11 months)  one additional month of contribution from HELLA has been taken into account for the calculation of the ratio.Adjusted EBIDTA amounted to €3 012 million representing 11.8% of sales (vs. €2 109 million and 13.5% of sales in 2021). Capex amounted to €1 177 million (vs. €530 million in 2021)  of which €608 million for Faurecia (3.2% of sales  down 20bps vs. 2021) and €569 million for HELLA (8.7% of sales)  whose capital intensity is higher than Faurecia’s.(vs. €530 million in 2021)  of which €608 million for Faurecia (3.2% of sales  down 20bps vs. 2021) and €569 million for HELLA (8.7% of sales)  whose capital intensity is higher than Faurecia’s. Capitalized R&D amounted to €966 million or 3.8% of sales (vs. €670 million or 2.4% of sales in 2021).(vs. €670 million or 2.4% of sales in 2021). Change in working capital was an inflow of €374 million (vs. an outflow of €19 million in 2021); it reflected first positive effects from the “Manage by Cash” program that was presented at the recent Capital Markets Day  mainly improved cash collection from receivables and reduction by 0.6 days in inventories  representing a positive effect of €85 million.(vs. an outflow of €19 million in 2021); it reflected first positive effects from the “Manage by Cash” program that was presented at the recent Capital Markets Day  mainly improved cash collection from receivables and reduction by 0.6 days in inventories  representing a positive effect of €85 million. Change in factoring was an inflow of €183 million (vs. an inflow of €72 million in 2021)  mainly reflecting the extension to HELLA of the existing program in place at Faurecia; factoring stood at €1.3 billion at the end of 2022 vs. €1.1 billion at the end of 2021.(vs. an inflow of €72 million in 2021)  mainly reflecting the extension to HELLA of the existing program in place at Faurecia; factoring stood at €1.3 billion at the end of 2022 vs. €1.1 billion at the end of 2021. Restructuring cash-out amounted to €184 million (vs. €175 million in 2021)  financial expenses cash-out amounted to €373 million (vs. €230 million in 2021)  mainly reflecting the increase in net debt related to the acquisition of HELLA  and cash-out from taxes amounted to €384 million (vs. €243 million in 2021). Net cash flow amounted to €471 million  representing 1.9% of sales (vs. €305 million  2.0% of sales in 2021). Net financial investment and other for a net outflow €4.6 billion represented mostly the investment in HELLA  reduced by inflows from (i) the capital increase with preferred subscription rights issued in June for €0.7 billion and (ii) the proceeds of €0.3 billion from the sale by HELLA of its 33% stake in HBPO. Net financial debt at the end of 2022 stood at €7.9 billion (including an IFRS16 impact of €349 million)  representing a Net debt / Adjusted EBITDA ratio of 2.6x  significantly reduced vs. 3.1x six months earlier. As announced on November 3 at the Capital Markets Day  the Board of Directors  at its meeting held on November 2  decided to propose at Faurecia’s next Shareholders’ meeting that no dividend be paid in 2023. AVAILABLE CASH OF €4.2 BILLION AT THE END OF 2022 As of December 31  2022  Group liquidity amounted to €6.2 billion  of which €4.2 billion of available cash  €1.5 billion from the fully undrawn Faurecia Senior Credit Facility (maturity: May 2026  with options up to 2028) and €0.5 billion from HELLA Senior Credit Facility.FY 2023 GUIDANCE Based on the following assumptions: Worldwide automotive production of 82 million vehicles in 2023  broadly flat vs. actual production in 2022 and more conservative than S&P’s latest forecast of 85 millionMain currency rates of USD/€ @ 1.10 and CNY/€ @ 7.50 FORVIA’s full-year 2023 guidance is as follows: Sales between €25.2bn and €26.2bn including an estimated impact on sales of €(1.3)bn from disposals announced to date (mainly SAS deconsolidation as from January 1  2023 to comply with IFRS 5 and business to be sold to Cummins as from July 1  2023)(mainly SAS deconsolidation as from January 1  2023 to comply with IFRS 5 and business to be sold to Cummins as from July 1  2023) Operating margin between 5% and 6% of salesNet cash flow exceeding 1.5% of salesNet debt/Adj. EBITDA ratio between 2x and 2.4x at December 31  2023  including the effect of the disposal program of €1bn by end-2023 This guidance assumes no major lockdown impacting production or retail sales in any major automotive region during the year. FY 2025 TARGETS CONFIRMED (after estimated impact of the disposal program of €1bn by year-end 2023) FORVIA’s full-year 2025 targets  as presented at the recent Capital Markets Day held on November 3  2022  are fully confirmed (based on an assumption of worldwide automotive production of 88 million vehicles in 2025  more conservative than S&P’s latest forecast of 90 million  and on 2025 currency rates of USD/€ @ 1.05 and CNY/€ @ 7.00): Sales of c. €30bnOperating margin > 7% of salesNet cash flow > 4% of salesNet debt/Adjusted EBITDA ratio < 1.5x at December 31  2025 FINANCIAL CALENDAR April 17  2023: Q1 2023 sales (before market hours)Q1 2023 sales (before market hours) May 30  2023: Annual Shareholders’ Meeting (Nanterre)Annual Shareholders’ Meeting (Nanterre) July 27  2023: H1 2023 results (before market hours)H1 2023 results (before market hours) October 20  2023: Q3 2023 sales (before market hours)“Operating income” presented as Faurecia’s main performance indicator is Operating income before amortization of intangible assets acquired in business combinations.“Adjusted EBITDA” is Operating income as defined above + depreciation and amortization of assets; to be fully compliant with the ESMA (European Securities and Markets Authority) regulation  this term of “Adjusted EBITDA” will be used by the Group as of January 1  2022 instead of the term “EBITDA” that was previously used (this means that “EBITDA” aggregates until 2021 are comparable with ‘Adjusted EBITDA” aggregates as from 2022).“Debt covenant” is the ratio “Net financial debt at the end of the period” vs. “Adjusted EBITDA over the last 12 months”; it is tested twice every year  at June 30 and at December 31 (except for June 30  2022 when covenant was not tested as agreed during April 2022 negotiations with banks).As mentioned above  in the calculation of Net debt / Adjusted EBITDA at December 31  2022  adjusted EBITDA was taken into account over the last 12 month-period; as HELLA has been consolidated only since February 1  2022 (11 months)  one additional month of contribution from HELLA has been taken into account for the calculation of the ratio.All other definitions are explained at the end of this Press Release  under the section “Definitions of terms used in this document”.All figures related to worldwide or regional automotive production refer to the S&P Global Mobility (ex-IHS Markit) forecast dated February 2023.Faurecia's financial report will be available at 9:30am today (Paris time) and the financial presentation at 10.15am (Paris time) on FORVIA’s website: www.forvia.com A webcasted meeting will be held today at 10:30am (Paris time) at Faurecia’s HQ in Nanterre. If you wish to follow the presentation using the webcast  please access the following link: https://www.sideup.fr/webcast-forvia-annual-results-2022 A replay will be available as soon as possible. You may also follow the presentation via conference call: France : +33 (0)1 70 95 01 03: +33 (0)1 70 95 01 03 United Kingdom : +44 (0)208 080 6592: +44 (0)208 080 6592 United States: +1 360-209-5623 Confirmation code: 85861392528# ContactsPressChristophe MALBRANQUEMedia Relations Directorchristophe.malbranque@forvia.comAnalysts/InvestorsMarc MAILLETHead of Investor RelationsTel: +33 (0)1 72 36 75 70marc.maillet@forvia.comAbout FORVIA  whose mission is: “We pioneer technology for mobility experiences that matter to people”.FORVIA comprises the complementary technology and industrial strengths of Faurecia and HELLA. With over 290 industrial sites and 76 R&D centers  157 000 people  including more than 15 000 R&D engineers across 40+ countries  FORVIA provides a unique and comprehensive approach to the automotive challenges of today and tomorrow. Composed of 6 business groups and a strong IP portfolio of over 14 000 patents  FORVIA is focused on becoming the preferred innovation and integration partner for OEMS worldwide. FORVIA aims to be a change maker committed to foreseeing and making the mobility transformation happen.www.forvia.com About FaureciaFaurecia  the parent company of the FORVIA Group  is a global automotive technology leader.In 2022  the Group reported consolidated sales of €25.5 billion.Faurecia is listed on the Euronext Paris market and is a component of the CAC Next 20  CAC 40 ESG and CAC SBT 1.5° indexes.www.faurecia.com About HELLAHELLA  a company of the FORVIA Group  is an internationally positioned automotive supplier.For its fiscal year starting June 1  2021 and ending May 31  2022  HELLA reported consolidated sales of €6.3 billion.HELLA is listed on the Frankfurt Stock Exchange and is a component of the SDAX index.www.hella.com DISCLAIMER This presentation contains certain forward-looking statements concerning Faurecia. Such forward-looking statements represent trends or objectives and cannot be construed as constituting forecasts regarding the future Faurecia’s results or any other performance indicator. In some cases  you can identify these forward-looking statements by forward-looking words  such as ""estimate "" ""expect "" ""anticipate "" ""project "" ""plan "" ""intend "" ""objective""  ""believe "" ""forecast "" ""foresee "" ""likely "" ""may "" ""should "" ""goal "" ""target "" ""might "" ""would ""  “will”  ""could ""  ""predict "" ""continue "" ""convinced "" and ""confident "" the negative or plural of these words and other comparable terminology. Forward looking statements in this document include  but are not limited to  financial projections and estimates and their underlying assumptions including  without limitation  assumptions regarding present and future business strategies (including the successful integration of HELLA within the Faurecia Group)  expectations and statements regarding Faurecia's operation of its business  and the future operation  direction and success of Faurecia's business. Although Faurecia believes its expectations are based on reasonable assumptions  investors are cautioned that these forward-looking statements are subject to numerous various risks  whether known or unknown  and uncertainties and other factors  all of which may be beyond the control of Faurecia and could cause actual results to differ materially from those anticipated in these forward-looking statements. For a detailed description of these risks and uncertainties and other factors  please refer to public filings made with the Autorité des Marchés Financiers (“AMF”)  press releases  presentations and  in particular  to those described in the section 2.""Risk factors & Risk management” of Faurecia's 2021 Universal Registration Document filed by Faurecia with the AMF on April 6th  2022 under number D. 22-0246 (a version of which is available on www.faurecia.com). Subject to regulatory requirements  Faurecia does not undertake to publicly update or revise any of these forward-looking statements whether as a result of new information  future events  or otherwise. Any information relating to past performance contained herein is not a guarantee of future performance. Nothing herein should be construed as an investment recommendation or as legal  tax  investment or accounting advice. The historical figures related to HELLA included in this presentation have been provided to Faurecia by HELLA within the context of the acquisition process. These historical figures have not been audited or subject to a limited review by the auditors of Faurecia. HELLA remains a listed company. For more information on HELLA  more information is available on www.hella.com. This presentation does not constitute and should not be construed as an offer to sell or a solicitation of an offer to buy Faurecia securities.APPENDICES DEFINITIONS OF TERMS USED IN THIS DOCUMENT Sales growth Faurecia’s year-on-year sales evolution is made of three components: A “ Currency effect”   calculated by applying average currency rates for the period to the sales of the prior year   calculated by applying average currency rates for the period to the sales of the prior year  A “Scope effect” (acquisition/divestment) (acquisition/divestment)  And “Growth at constant currencies”. As “Scope effect”  Faurecia presents all acquisitions/divestments  whose sales on an annual basis amount to more than €250 million. Other acquisitions below this threshold are considered as “bolt-on acquisitions” and are included in “Growth at constant currencies”. In 2021  there was no effect from “bolt-on acquisitions”; as a result  “Growth at constant currencies” is equivalent to sales growth at constant scope and currencies also presented as organic growth. Operating income Operating income is the Faurecia group’s principal performance indicator. It corresponds to net income of fully consolidated companies before: Amortization of intangible assets acquired in business combinations;Other non-recurring operating income and expense  corresponding to material  unusual and non-recurring items including reorganization expenses and early retirement costs  the impact of exceptional events such as the discontinuation of a business  the closure or sale of an industrial site  disposals of non-operating buildings  impairment losses recorded for property  plant and equipment or intangible assets  as well as other material and unusual losses;Income on loans  cash investments and marketable securities; Finance costs;Other financial income and expense  which include the impact of discounting the pension benefit obligation and the return on related plan assets  the ineffective portion of interest rate and currency hedges  changes in value of interest rate and currency instruments for which the hedging relationship does not satisfy the criteria set forth in relationship cannot be demonstrated under IFRS 9  and gains and losses on sales of shares in subsidiaries;Taxes. Adjusted EBITDA Adjusted EBITDA is Operating income as defined above + depreciation and amortization of assets; to be fully compliant with the ESMA (European Securities and Markets Authority) regulation  this term of “Adjusted EBITDA” will be used by the Group as of January 1  2022 instead of the term “EBITDA” that was previously used (this means that “EBITDA” aggregates until 2021 are comparable with ‘Adjusted EBITDA” aggregates as from 2022). Net cash-flow Net cash-flow is defined as follow: Net cash from (used in) operating and investing activities less (acquisitions)/disposal of equity interests and businesses (net of cash and cash equivalents)  other changes and proceeds from disposal of financial assets. Repayment of IFRS 16 debt is not included. Net financial debt Net financial debt is defined as follow: Gross financial debt less cash and cash equivalents and derivatives classified under non-current and current assets. It includes the lease liabilities (IFRS 16 debt). Attachment FORVIA Faurecia PRESS RELEASE FY 2022 RESULTS def GB© GlobeNewswire 2023 All news about FAURECIA SE 11:22a Global markets live: Airbus  Tesla  Meta  Commerzbank... 09:50a Faurecia : Document AMF CP. 2023E885541 PU 06:35a European Midday Briefing: Cautious Start to Week -2- DJ 05:33a European shares flat as Telecom Italia drags eurozone stocks RE 05:29a FAURECIA : UBS remains Neutral MD 04:39a FAURECIA : Gets a Sell rating from Jefferies MD 04:30a Transcript : Faurecia S.E.  2022 Earnings Call  Feb 20  2023 CI 03:01a European shares open higher on boost from miners RE 01:36a Car parts maker Forvia sees stable sales in 2023 RE 01:31a FORVIA Faurecia's FY 2022 results GL Analyst Recommendations on FAURECIA SE 05:29a FAURECIA : UBS remains Neutral MD 04:39a FAURECIA : Gets a Sell rating from Jefferies MD 01/23 FAURECIA : Gets a Neutral rating from UBS MD",neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,mixed,0.25,0.05,0.7,True,English,"['FORVIA Faurecia', 'FY 2022 results', 'first joint Capital Markets D', '7th biggest automotive technology player', '7th BIGGEST AUTOMOTIVE TECHNOLOGY SUPPLIER', 'S&P Global Mobility', 'STRONG JOINT ORDER INTAKE', '1 billion euro divestment program', 'MEDIUM-TERM PROFITABLE GROWTH TARGETS', 'Net debt/Adj. EBITDA ratio', 'STRONG NET CASH FLOW', 'STRONG 2022 ORDER INTAKE', 'solid order intake', 'Worldwide automotive production', 'multiple email addresses', 'continued semiconductor shortages', 'supply chain issues', 'rising interest rates', 'Michel de ROSEN', 'SUSTAINABLE PROFITABLE GROWTH', 'Average currency rates', '2022 consolidated financial statements', 'sales synergy targets', 'resilient operating margin', 'resilient financial performance', 'major scope effect', 'SUSTAINABLE GROWTH DELEVERAGING', 'total Group sales', 'strong generation', 'First name', 'MOBILITY EXPERIENCES', 'AVERAGE MARGIN', 'CASH GENERATION', 'DISPOSAL PROGRAM', 'actual production', '25 billion euros', '31 billion euros', 'constant scope', 'DELEVERAGING GROWTH', 'Operating income', 'REPORTED BASIS', 'ORGANIC BASIS', 'CONTEMPLATED TRANASCTIONS', 'IHS Markit', 'following assumptions', '82 million vehicles', 'full-year 2023 guidance', 'estimated impact', 'disposal transactions', 'Patrick KOLLER', 'majority stake', 'complementary offers', 'two companies', 'Covid crisis', 'additional challenges', 'high inflation', 'energy prices', 'uncertain environment', 'new size', 'second half', '471 million euros', 'non-strategic assets', 'significant progress', 'similar level', 'tough environment', 'future success', 'full comparability', 'FY 2022 results', 'COST SYNERGIES', 'FY 2023 GUIDANCE', 'SALES SYNERGIES', 'historic year', 'HELLA teams', 'FORVIA Group', 'FORVIA Faurecia', '2022 performance', 'HELLA.', 'commas', 'Message', 'fields', 'Nanterre', 'France', 'February', 'ACHIEVEMENTS', 'RESILIENCE', 'H2', 'YEAR-END', 'JUNE', 'PRIORITIES', 'INTEGRATION', '11 months', 'YoY', 'change', 'currencies', '000 units', 'source', 'CNY', 'December', 'CEO', 'acquisition', 'strengths', 'recovery', 'outbreak', 'war', 'Ukraine', 'surge', 'disengagement', 'Russia', 'bridge', 'loan', 'equity', 'disposals', '2023 volumes', 'commitment', 'creation', 'conditions', 'Board', 'Directors', 'chairmanship', 'meeting', 'figures', 'consolidation', 'START', 'January', 'accounts', 'mission', 'MATTER', 'PEOPLE', 'November']",2023-02-20,2023-02-20,marketscreener.com
18874,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.reuters.com/business/italy-working-measures-boost-milan-bourses-allure-2023-02-20/,Italy working on measures to boost Milan bourse's allure,Italy is readying measures to address the issues holding back the country's capital markets and reinforce the role of the 200-year-old Borsa Italiana  according to government officials and a draft bill seen by Reuters on Monday.,"SummarySummary Companies Italian companies steer clear of stock marketTreasury wants to simplify listing process to boost IPOsAlso considering limits for damage claimsROME  Feb 20 (Reuters) - Italy is readying measures to address the issues holding back the country's capital markets and reinforce the role of the 200-year-old Borsa Italiana  according to government officials and a draft bill seen by Reuters on Monday.With an overall capitalisation of around 680 billion euros ($726.3 billion)  the value of companies listed on Milan's bourse lags far behind European Union peers.Last year 15 companies abandoned Euronext Milan  including the infrastructure group Atlantia and Agnelli family's holding company Exor (EXOR.AS)  with six newcomers to compensate for exits.Some of those which delisted were drawn to other bourses  notably Amsterdam  where regulations help leading shareholders to preserve a tight grip on companies.Adding to the challenge  Italy's family-run businesses are unwilling to relinquish control by listing unless they need cash for M&A or other expansion strategies.""We aim to present a bill in parliament by April to strengthen Milan's ability to encourage listing "" Treasury junior minister Federico Freni told Reuters.Prime Minister Giorgia Meloni's government plans to adopt some proposals studied under the previous administration led by Mario Draghi  Freni added without giving details.To boost initial public offerings (IPOs) in Milan  the draft bill includes measures to simplify the listing process  which current rules companies say make it costly and cumbersome to provide adequate risk disclosure for investors.EASING SELF-PLACEMENTRome could also allow a wide range of firms to benefit from the simplifications and incentives already provided for small and medium-sized enterprises (SMEs) which plan to list.""SME qualification is currently envisaged when capitalisation does not exceed 500 million euros: such a threshold would be increased to 1 billion euros "" the draft showed.A further measure would scrap a provision designed to protect savers that holds staff of regulators such as market watchdog Consob liable for damages. This would make only the institution liable while shielding its employees including top executives  a move the Treasury believes could speed up the listing process.The bill also proposes restricting the liability of listing companies to cases of serious misconduct that damage investor interests due to information included in the IPO documents.In addition  the scheme reinforces the possibility of bypassing the formal IPO process through a so-called self-placement  which sees a company sell shares directly  saving the money required to line up underwriters as middlemen.As part of a drive to boost funding sources other than bank credit  a measure being discussed would allow companies to issue bonds for an amount exceeding the current limit of twice the share capital  provided that these notes were bought by professional investors.($1 = 0.9362 euros)Reporting by Giuseppe Fonte in Rome  additional reporting by Elisa Anzolin in Milan; Editing by Emelia Sithole-MatariseOur Standards: The Thomson Reuters Trust Principles.",positive,0.71,0.29,0.0,mixed,0.32,0.16,0.52,True,English,"['Milan bourse', 'Italy', 'measures', 'allure', 'The Thomson Reuters Trust Principles', 'Treasury junior minister Federico Freni', 'Prime Minister Giorgia Meloni', '200-year-old Borsa Italiana', 'European Union peers', 'initial public offerings', 'adequate risk disclosure', 'stock market Treasury', 'other expansion strategies', 'formal IPO process', 'current rules companies', 'other bourses', 'market watchdog', 'IPO documents', 'current limit', 'listing process', 'damage claims', 'capital markets', 'infrastructure group', 'Agnelli family', 'six newcomers', 'tight grip', 'family-run businesses', 'M&A', 'previous administration', 'Mario Draghi', 'wide range', 'medium-sized enterprises', 'SME qualification', 'top executives', 'serious misconduct', 'investor interests', 'funding sources', 'bank credit', 'share capital', 'Giuseppe Fonte', 'additional reporting', 'Elisa Anzolin', 'Emelia Sithole-Matarise', '680 billion euros', '500 million euros', '1 billion euros', 'Italian companies', 'government officials', 'overall capitalisation', 'holding company', 'EXOR.AS', 'EASING SELF-PLACEMENT', 'professional investors', 'listing companies', 'Euronext Milan', 'draft bill', 'Summary Companies', '0.9362 euros', '15 companies', 'IPOs', 'limits', 'ROME', 'Italy', 'measures', 'issues', 'country', 'role', 'Monday', 'value', 'Atlantia', 'exits', 'Amsterdam', 'regulations', 'shareholders', 'challenge', 'control', 'cash', 'parliament', 'April', 'ability', 'proposals', 'details', 'firms', 'simplifications', 'incentives', 'small', 'SMEs', 'threshold', 'provision', 'savers', 'staff', 'regulators', 'Consob', 'damages', 'institution', 'employees', 'move', 'cases', 'information', 'scheme', 'possibility', 'shares', 'money', 'underwriters', 'middlemen', 'part', 'drive', 'bonds', 'amount', 'notes', 'Editing', 'Standards']",2023-02-20,2023-02-20,reuters.com
18875,EuroNext,Bing API,https://www.msn.com/en-gb/money/other/italy-working-on-measures-to-boost-milan-bourses-allure/ar-AA17HQTj,Italy working on measures to boost Milan bourse's allure,Italy is readying measures to address the issues holding back the country's capital markets and reinforce the role of the 200-year-old Borsa Italiana  according to government officials and a draft bill seen by Reuters on Monday.,"© Thomson Reuters FILE PHOTO: The Italian Stock Exchange in Milan  ItalyBy Giuseppe FonteROME (Reuters) - Italy is readying measures to address the issues holding back the country's capital markets and reinforce the role of the 200-year-old Borsa Italiana  according to government officials and a draft bill seen by Reuters on Monday.With an overall capitalisation of around 680 billion euros ($726.3 billion)  the value of companies listed on Milan's bourse lags far behind European Union peers.Last year 15 companies abandoned Euronext Milan  including the infrastructure group Atlantia and Agnelli family's holding company Exor  with six newcomers to compensate for exits.Some of those which delisted were drawn to other bourses  notably Amsterdam  where regulations help leading shareholders to preserve a tight grip on companies.Adding to the challenge  Italy's family-run businesses are unwilling to relinquish control by listing unless they need cash for M&A or other expansion strategies.""We aim to present a bill in parliament by April to strengthen Milan's ability to encourage listing "" Treasury junior minister Federico Freni told Reuters.Prime Minister Giorgia Meloni's government plans to adopt some proposals studied under the previous administration led by Mario Draghi  Freni added without giving details.To boost initial public offerings (IPOs) in Milan  the draft bill includes measures to simplify the listing process  which current rules companies say make it costly and cumbersome to provide adequate risk disclosure for investors.EASING SELF-PLACEMENTRome could also allow a wide range of firms to benefit from the simplifications and incentives already provided for small and medium-sized enterprises (SMEs) which plan to list.""SME qualification is currently envisaged when capitalisation does not exceed 500 million euros: such a threshold would be increased to 1 billion euros "" the draft showed.A further measure would scrap a provision designed to protect savers that holds staff of regulators such as market watchdog Consob liable for damages. This would make only the institution liable while shielding its employees including top executives  a move the Treasury believes could speed up the listing process.The bill also proposes restricting the liability of listing companies to cases of serious misconduct that damage investor interests due to information included in the IPO documents.In addition  the scheme reinforces the possibility of bypassing the formal IPO process through a so-called self-placement  which sees a company sell shares directly  saving the money required to line up underwriters as middlemen.As part of a drive to boost funding sources other than bank credit  a measure being discussed would allow companies to issue bonds for an amount exceeding the current limit of twice the share capital  provided that these notes were bought by professional investors.($1 = 0.9362 euros)(Reporting by Giuseppe Fonte in Rome  additional reporting by Elisa Anzolin in Milan; Editing by Emelia Sithole-Matarise)",positive,0.71,0.29,0.0,mixed,0.17,0.12,0.71,True,English,"['Milan bourse', 'Italy', 'measures', 'allure', 'Treasury junior minister Federico Freni', 'Prime Minister Giorgia Meloni', 'The Italian Stock Exchange', 'Thomson Reuters FILE PHOTO', '200-year-old Borsa Italiana', 'European Union peers', 'initial public offerings', 'adequate risk disclosure', 'other expansion strategies', 'formal IPO process', 'current rules companies', 'other bourses', 'IPO documents', 'current limit', 'listing process', 'Giuseppe Fonte', 'capital markets', 'infrastructure group', 'Agnelli family', 'six newcomers', 'tight grip', 'family-run businesses', 'M&A', 'previous administration', 'Mario Draghi', 'wide range', 'medium-sized enterprises', 'SME qualification', 'market watchdog', 'top executives', 'serious misconduct', 'investor interests', 'funding sources', 'bank credit', 'share capital', 'additional reporting', 'Elisa Anzolin', 'Emelia Sithole-Matarise', '680 billion euros', '500 million euros', '1 billion euros', 'government officials', 'overall capitalisation', 'holding company', 'EASING SELF-PLACEMENT', 'professional investors', 'listing companies', 'Euronext Milan', 'draft bill', '0.9362 euros', '15 companies', 'Italy', 'ROME', 'measures', 'issues', 'country', 'role', 'Monday', 'value', 'Atlantia', 'Exor', 'exits', 'Amsterdam', 'regulations', 'shareholders', 'challenge', 'control', 'cash', 'parliament', 'April', 'ability', 'proposals', 'details', 'IPOs', 'firms', 'simplifications', 'incentives', 'small', 'SMEs', 'threshold', 'provision', 'savers', 'staff', 'regulators', 'Consob', 'damages', 'institution', 'employees', 'move', 'cases', 'information', 'scheme', 'possibility', 'shares', 'money', 'underwriters', 'middlemen', 'part', 'drive', 'bonds', 'amount', 'notes', 'Editing']",2023-02-20,2023-02-20,msn.com
18876,EuroNext,Bing API,https://www.yahoo.com/now/exor-n-v-periodic-report-071000406.html,Exor N.V.: Periodic Report on the Buyback Program,EXOR N.V. (AMS: EXO) (“Exor” or the “Company”) announces that  under the second tranche of the share buyback program of up to €250 million announced on 29 July 2022 (the “second tranche”)  the Company has completed the following transactions on Euronext Amsterdam: Trading DateNumber of ordinary shares purchasedAverage price per share excluding fees (€)Total consideration excluding fees (€)14 February 202326 ,EXOR N.V. (AMS: EXO) (“Exor” or the “Company”) announces that  under the second tranche of the share buyback program of up to €250 million announced on 29 July 2022 (the “second tranche”)  the Company has completed the following transactions on Euronext Amsterdam:Trading Date Number of ordinary shares purchased Average price per share excluding fees (€) Total consideration excluding fees (€) 14 February 2023 26 757 76.2928 2 041 366.45 15 February 2023 13 106 76.3557 1 000 717.80 16 February 2023 5 673 76.4643 433 781.97 17 February 2023 32 873 76.3582 2 510 123.11 TOTAL 78 409 5 985 989.33After these purchases  the total invested amount under the second tranche is approximately €221.7 million for a total amount of 3 218 879 ordinary shares purchased.As of 17 February 2023  the Company held in total 14 006 977 ordinary shares in treasury (5.81% of total ordinary issued share capital).A comprehensive overview of the transactions carried out under the share buyback program  as well as the details of the above transactions  are available on Exor’s corporate website under the Share Buyback section.Attachment,neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,neutral,0.0,0.99,0.0,True,English,"['Exor N.V.', 'Periodic Report', 'Buyback Program', 'Trading Date Number', 'share buyback program', 'Share Buyback section', 'EXOR N.V.', 'share capital', 'second tranche', 'Euronext Amsterdam', 'ordinary shares', 'Average price', 'comprehensive overview', 'corporate website', 'Total consideration', 'total ordinary', 'following transactions', 'total amount', 'Company', '29 July', 'fees', '14 February', 'purchases', '17 February', 'treasury', 'details', 'Attachment']",2023-02-20,2023-02-20,yahoo.com
18877,EuroNext,Bing API,https://www.yahoo.com/now/fda-accepts-valneva-chikungunya-vaccine-060000272.html,FDA Accepts Valneva’s Chikungunya Vaccine License Application for Priority Review,Valneva SE (Nasdaq: VALN; Euronext Paris: VLA)  a specialty vaccine company  today announced that the U.S. Food and Drug Administration (FDA) has completed a filing review of its Biologics License Application for Valneva’s single-shot chikungunya vaccine candidate VLA1553 and has determined that the application is sufficiently complete to permit a substantive review.,VALNEVASaint-Herblain (France)  February 20  2023 – Valneva SE (Nasdaq: VALN; Euronext Paris: VLA)  a specialty vaccine company  today announced that the U.S. Food and Drug Administration (FDA) has completed a filing review of its Biologics License Application for Valneva’s single-shot chikungunya vaccine candidate VLA1553 and has determined that the application is sufficiently complete to permit a substantive review. The review classification is Priority.VLA1553 has been assigned a Prescription Drug User Fee Act (PDUFA) review goal date at the end of August 2023  which is the date by which the FDA intends to take action on the application. The FDA’s acknowledgement of filing does not mean that a license will be granted  nor does it represent any evaluation of the adequacy of the data submitted.About ChikungunyaChikungunya is a mosquito-borne viral disease caused by the chikungunya virus (CHIKV)  a Togaviridae virus  transmitted by Aedes mosquitoes. Chikungunya virus often causes sudden large outbreaks with high attack rates  affecting one-third to three-quarters of the population in areas where the virus is circulating. There are no preventive vaccines or effective treatments available and  as such  chikungunya is considered to be a major public health threat. As of July 2022  there were more than 3 million reported cases in the Americas1 and the economic impact is considered to be significant. The medical and economic burden is expected to grow as the CHIKV primary mosquito vectors continue to spread geographically. Infection leads to symptomatic disease in up to 97% of humans after three to seven days following the mosquito bite. While mortality with CHIKV is low  morbidity is high. Clinical symptoms include acute onset of fever  debilitating joint and muscle pain  headache  nausea  rash and chronic arthralgia. It is estimated that over three quarters of the world’s population live in areas at-risk of CHIKV transmission2. High risk areas of infection are places where chikungunya virus-carrying mosquitos are currently endemic  including the Americas  parts of Africa  and Southeast Asia.About VLA1553VLA1553 is a live-attenuated  single dose investigational vaccine candidate targeting the chikungunya virus  which has spread to over 100 countries. It has been designed by deleting a part of the chikungunya virus genome.To make VLA1553 more accessible to Low- and Middle-Income Countries (LMIC)  Valneva and Instituto Butantan in Brazil signed an agreement in January 2021 for the development  manufacturing and marketing of VLA15533. The collaboration falls within the framework of the agreement signed between CEPI and Valneva in July 20194  which provides funding of up to $24.6 million with support from the European Union’s Horizon 2020 program.Valneva reported final data from the pivotal Phase 3 trial of VLA1553 in March 20225  final lot-to-lot consistency results in May 20226 and positive twelve-month persistence data in December 20227.If approved  VLA1553 would expand Valneva’s existing commercial vaccines portfolio and as such  Valneva intends to commercialize this vaccine  leveraging its existing manufacturing and commercial operations.About Valneva SEValneva is a specialty vaccine company focused on the development  manufacturing and commercialization of prophylactic vaccines for infectious diseases with significant unmet medical need. The Company takes a highly specialized and targeted approach to vaccine development and then applies its deep understanding of vaccine science to develop prophylactic vaccines addressing these diseases. Valneva has leveraged its expertise and capabilities both to commercialize three vaccines and to rapidly advance a broad range of vaccine candidates into and through the clinic  including candidates against the chikungunya virus and Lyme disease.Valneva Investor and Media ContactsLaetitia Bachelot-FontaineVP Global Communications & European Investor RelationsM +33 (0)6 4516 7099laetitia.bachelot-fontaine@valneva.comJoshua Drumm  Ph.D.VP Global Investor RelationsM +001 917 815 4520joshua.drumm@valneva.comForward-Looking StatementsThis press release contains certain forward-looking statements relating to the business of Valneva  including with respect to the progress  timing  results and completion of research  development and clinical trials for product candidates  to regulatory approval of product candidates and review of existing products. In addition  even if the actual results or development of Valneva are consistent with the forward-looking statements contained in this press release  those results or developments of Valneva may not be sustained in the future. In some cases  you can identify forward-looking statements by words such as “could ” “should ” “may ” “expects ” “anticipates ” “believes ” “intends ” “estimates ” “aims ” “targets ” or similar words. These forward-looking statements are based largely on the current expectations of Valneva as of the date of this press release and are subject to a number of known and unknown risks and uncertainties and other factors that may cause actual results  performance or achievements to be materially different from any future results  performance or achievement expressed or implied by these forward-looking statements. In particular  the expectations of Valneva could be affected by  among other things  uncertainties and delays involved in the development and manufacture of vaccines  unexpected clinical trial results  unexpected regulatory actions or delays  competition in general  currency fluctuations  the impact of the global and European credit crisis  and the ability to obtain or maintain patent or other proprietary intellectual property protection. Success in preclinical studies or earlier clinical trials may not be indicative of results in future clinical trials. In light of these risks and uncertainties  there can be no assurance that the forward-looking statements made during this presentation will in fact be realized. Valneva is providing the information in these materials as of this press release and disclaim any intention or obligation to publicly update or revise any forward-looking statements  whether as a result of new information  future events  or otherwise.1 PAHO/WHO data: Number of reported cases of chikungunya fever in the Americas https://www.paho.org/data/index.php/en/mnu-topics/chikv-en/550-chikv-weekly-en.html. Last accessed 25 Jul 20222 CDC 2022  Puntasecca CJ 20213 Valneva and Instituto Butantan Sign Final Agreement on Single-Shot Chikungunya Vaccine for Low and Middle Income Countries4 CEPI awards up to $23.4 million to Valneva for late-stage development of a single-dose Chikungunya vaccine5 Valneva Successfully Completes Pivotal Phase 3 Trial of Single-Shot Chikungunya Vaccine Candidate6 Valneva Successfully Completes Lot-to-Lot Consistency Trial for its Single-Shot Chikungunya Vaccine Candidate7 Valneva Reports Positive 12-Month Antibody Persistence Data for Single-Shot Chikungunya Vaccine Candidate - ValnevaAttachment,neutral,0.0,0.99,0.01,negative,0.0,0.1,0.9,True,English,"['Chikungunya Vaccine License Application', 'Priority Review', 'FDA', 'Valneva', 'attenuated, single dose investigational vaccine candidate', 'Prescription Drug User Fee Act', 'major public health threat', 'significant unmet medical need', 'positive twelve-month persistence data', 'three to seven days', 'single-shot chikungunya vaccine candidate', 'VP Global Investor Relations', 'CHIKV primary mosquito vectors', 'PDUFA) review goal date', 'existing commercial vaccines portfolio', 'VP Global Communications', 'one-third to three-quarters', 'U.S. Food', 'sudden large outbreaks', 'high attack rates', 'pivotal Phase 3 trial', 'European Investor Relations', 'specialty vaccine company', 'mosquito-borne viral disease', 'chikungunya virus-carrying mosquitos', 'lot consistency results', 'chikungunya virus genome', 'Biologics License Application', 'High risk areas', 'Drug Administration', 'three vaccines', 'mosquito bite', 'commercial operations', 'vaccine science', 'three quarters', 'The Company', 'existing products', 'vaccine candidates', 'European Union', 'final lot', 'preventive vaccines', 'prophylactic vaccines', 'symptomatic disease', 'final data', 'Lyme disease', 'substantive review', 'review classification', 'Valneva Investor', 'vaccine development', 'Euronext Paris', 'Togaviridae virus', 'Aedes mosquitoes', 'effective treatments', 'economic impact', 'economic burden', 'Clinical symptoms', 'acute onset', 'debilitating joint', 'muscle pain', 'chronic arthralgia', 'CHIKV transmission', 'Southeast Asia', 'Instituto Butantan', 'Horizon 2020 program', 'existing manufacturing', 'targeted approach', 'deep understanding', 'broad range', 'Media Contacts', 'Ph.D.', 'Forward-Looking Statements', 'press release', 'clinical trials', 'regulatory approval', 'current expectations', 'unknown risks', 'product candidates', 'actual results', 'filing review', 'Middle-Income Countries', 'infectious diseases', 'Laetitia Bachelot-Fontaine', 'Joshua Drumm', 'similar words', 'The FDA', 'Valneva SE', '100 countries', 'Saint-Herblain', 'France', 'February', 'VLA', 'Priority', 'end', 'August', 'action', 'acknowledgement', 'evaluation', 'adequacy', 'population', 'July', '3 million', 'cases', 'Americas1', 'Infection', 'humans', 'mortality', 'morbidity', 'fever', 'headache', 'nausea', 'rash', 'world', 'places', 'parts', 'Africa', 'live', 'LMIC', 'Brazil', 'agreement', 'January', 'marketing', 'collaboration', 'framework', 'CEPI', 'funding', 'support', 'March', 'May', 'December', 'commercialization', 'specialized', 'expertise', 'capabilities', 'business', 'respect', 'progress', 'timing', 'completion', 'research', 'addition', 'developments', 'future', 'expects', 'aims', 'targets', 'number', 'uncert']",2023-02-20,2023-02-20,yahoo.com
18878,EuroNext,Twitter API,Twitter,Euronext wheat drifts in U.S. holiday lull https://t.co/7MCFTJcv63,nan,Euronext wheat drifts in U.S. holiday lull https://t.co/7MCFTJcv63,neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,True,English,"['U.S. holiday lull', 'Euronext wheat', 'U.S. holiday lull', 'Euronext wheat']",2023-02-20,2023-02-20,Unknown
18879,EuroNext,Twitter API,Twitter,@amberyork2012 Do Euronext  NYSE  etcFallow your standards 🤔 ?#Finance,nan,@amberyork2012 Do Euronext  NYSE  etcFallow your standards 🤔 ?#Finance,neutral,0.2,0.74,0.06,neutral,0.2,0.74,0.06,True,English,"['amberyork2012', 'Euronext', 'NYSE', 'standards', 'amberyork2012', 'Euronext', 'NYSE', 'standards']",2023-02-20,2023-02-20,Unknown
18880,EuroNext,Twitter API,Twitter,UPDATE 1-Euronext wheat drifts in U.S. holiday lull https://t.co/PNK33iLYRJ [RTRS],nan,UPDATE 1-Euronext wheat drifts in U.S. holiday lull https://t.co/PNK33iLYRJ [RTRS],neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,True,English,"['U.S. holiday lull', 'UPDATE 1-Euronext wheat', 'PNK33iLYRJ', 'RTRS', 'U.S. holiday lull', 'UPDATE 1-Euronext wheat', 'PNK33iLYRJ', 'RTRS']",2023-02-20,2023-02-20,Unknown
18881,EuroNext,Twitter API,Twitter,Euronext wheat drifts in U.S. holiday lull https://t.co/w2rgvEpN9y [RTRS],nan,Euronext wheat drifts in U.S. holiday lull https://t.co/w2rgvEpN9y [RTRS],neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,True,English,"['U.S. holiday lull', 'Euronext wheat', 'RTRS', 'U.S. holiday lull', 'Euronext wheat', 'RTRS']",2023-02-20,2023-02-20,Unknown
18882,EuroNext,Twitter API,Twitter,Fireside Friday with... Euronext’s Stephane Boujnah  - The TRADE https://t.co/qhgtJEKy4f https://t.co/W40AgEqCNf,nan,Fireside Friday with... Euronext’s Stephane Boujnah  - The TRADE https://t.co/qhgtJEKy4f https://t.co/W40AgEqCNf,neutral,0.02,0.98,0.0,neutral,0.02,0.98,0.0,True,English,"['Stephane Boujnah', 'The TRADE', 'Fireside', 'Euronext', 'qhgtJEKy4f', 'Stephane Boujnah', 'The TRADE', 'Fireside', 'Euronext', 'qhgtJEKy4f']",2023-02-20,2023-02-20,Unknown
18883,EuroNext,Twitter API,Twitter,#Cac40 CAC 40 7 349 56 | Euronext Live cours de bourse https://t.co/Iqh8wn15YL https://t.co/Gnd83p2DOD,nan,#Cac40 CAC 40 7 349 56 | Euronext Live cours de bourse https://t.co/Iqh8wn15YL https://t.co/Gnd83p2DOD,neutral,0.06,0.93,0.0,neutral,0.06,0.93,0.0,True,English,"['Euronext Live cours', 'Cac40', 'bourse', 'Euronext Live cours', 'Cac40', 'bourse']",2023-02-20,2023-02-20,Unknown
18884,EuroNext,Twitter API,Twitter,🇧🇪@Telenet has joined the new @euronext #sustainabilty index  #BELESG (Environmental  Social &amp; Governance). This in… https://t.co/qiHvzi3oza,nan,🇧🇪@Telenet has joined the new @euronext #sustainabilty index  #BELESG (Environmental  Social &amp; Governance). This in… https://t.co/qiHvzi3oza,neutral,0.05,0.94,0.01,neutral,0.05,0.94,0.01,True,English,"['new @euronext #sustainabilty index', 'Telenet', 'Social', 'Governance', 'qiHvzi3oza', 'new @euronext #sustainabilty index', 'Telenet', 'Social', 'Governance', 'qiHvzi3oza']",2023-02-20,2023-02-20,Unknown
