UID,Searchword,API,URL,Title,Summary,Article,Title_Sentiment,Title_Positive,Title_Neutral,Title_Negative,Article_Sentiment,Article_Positive,Article_Neutral,Article_Negative,Verified,Language,Topics,Date,Load_Date,Source
57380,Euroclear,NewsApi.org,https://cryptobriefing.com/hungary-loses-frozen-russian-assets-court-case/,Hungary loses court fight over profits from frozen Russian assets,The court's decision strengthens the EU's ability to leverage frozen Russian assets for Ukraine  potentially altering geopolitical dynamics.The post Hungary loses court fight over profits from frozen Russian assets appeared first on Crypto Briefing.,The EU General Court dismissed Budapest's challenge to using windfall revenues from immobilized Russian central bank assets to fund Ukraine's defenseThe European Union’s General Court has thrown out Hungary’s legal challenge against the bloc’s decision to channel profits from frozen Russian central bank assets toward Ukraine’s military support. The ruling  handed down on September 9  removes one of the legal obstacles to the EU’s strategy of turning Moscow’s own money against it.Hungary had argued that its voting rights were violated when a European Peace Facility committee allocated the first tranche of extraordinary revenues from immobilized Russian assets to support Ukraine. The court didn’t even get to the merits of that argument  ruling instead that it simply lacked jurisdiction over matters falling under the EU’s Common Foreign and Security Policy.Gloria Stocks in one app  crypto in another  wallets everywhere? Gloria Finance brings your whole portfolio into one view. See it all together →What the court actually decidedThe EU’s Common Foreign and Security Policy  known as CFSP  occupies a peculiar zone in European law. It’s one of the few areas where EU courts have traditionally declined to exercise judicial review  treating foreign policy and defense decisions as the domain of member states acting collectively rather than something judges should second-guess.AdvertisementHungary’s lawyers tried to argue around that limitation  framing the case as a procedural rights issue rather than a foreign policy dispute. By dismissing on jurisdictional grounds  the General Court effectively reaffirmed that CFSP decisions sit beyond the reach of judicial challenge.The case originated from a June 2024 decision by the EPF committee  back when Viktor Orbán was still running things in Budapest. Orbán’s government had been the most vocal critic of EU military aid to Ukraine  frequently wielding its veto power to delay or water down collective action.A Hungary that looks very different nowPéter Magyar  who replaced Orbán as Prime Minister  has systematically reversed his predecessor’s Russia-friendly posture. In June 2026  the new Hungarian government lifted its veto on EPF funding for Ukraine. Magyar’s administration also expelled Russian diplomats.The EPF has been a central pillar of Europe’s Ukraine support architecture. Between 2022 and 2024  the facility mobilized approximately €6.1 billion for Ukraine  with total support figures cited across various EU mechanisms reaching as high as €12.8 billion.The money pipeline from Moscow’s frozen billionsAfter Russia’s full-scale invasion of Ukraine in 2022  EU member states immobilized roughly €200 billion in Russian sovereign assets held at European financial institutions  primarily at Euroclear in Belgium. Rather than seizing the principal  the EU settled on capturing the windfall profits generated by those assets. Annual revenues from the immobilized funds are estimated at €3 to €5 billion  money that would otherwise flow back to Moscow.The court’s refusal to engage with the substance of Hungary’s claims means that the legal architecture supporting these transfers remains untested on its merits. With Hungary’s veto lifted and the legal challenge dismissed  EU member states can now discuss additional distributions from the EPF.,negative,0.0,0.1,0.9,negative,0.0,0.3,0.7,True,English,"['frozen Russian assets', 'court fight', 'Hungary', 'profits', 'Russian central bank assets', 'European Peace Facility committee', 'The EU General Court', 'European financial institutions', 'Russian sovereign assets', 'The European Union', 'total support figures', 'procedural rights issue', 'various EU mechanisms', 'Péter Magyar', 'new Hungarian government', 'EU military aid', 'Viktor Orbán', 'EU member states', 'foreign policy dispute', 'Ukraine support architecture', 'Russian assets', 'central pillar', 'military support', 'European law', 'Russian diplomats', 'EPF committee', 'voting rights', 'The EPF', 'legal architecture', 'EU courts', 'Common Foreign', 'Security Policy', 'windfall revenues', 'legal obstacles', 'first tranche', 'extraordinary revenues', 'Gloria Stocks', 'one app', 'Gloria Finance', 'one view', 'peculiar zone', 'judicial review', 'jurisdictional grounds', 'vocal critic', 'collective action', 'Prime Minister', 'Russia-friendly posture', 'full-scale invasion', 'Annual revenues', 'additional distributions', 'legal challenge', 'judicial challenge', 'EPF funding', 'defense decisions', 'CFSP decisions', 'windfall profits', 'veto power', 'money pipeline', 'June 2024 decision', 'Budapest', 'Hungary', 'bloc', 'ruling', 'September', 'strategy', 'Moscow', 'merits', 'argument', 'matters', 'crypto', 'wallets', 'portfolio', 'areas', 'domain', 'something', 'judges', 'Advertisement', 'lawyers', 'limitation', 'case', 'reach', 'things', 'predecessor', 'administration', 'billions', 'Euroclear', 'Belgium', 'principal', 'funds', 'refusal', 'substance', 'claims', 'transfers']",2026-09-09,2026-09-10,cryptobriefing.com
57381,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://zycrypto.com/11b-asset-manager-debunks-the-biggest-misconception-surrounding-ripple-linked-xrp/,$11B Asset Manager Debunks the Biggest Misconception Surrounding Ripple-Linked XRP,21Shares  which oversees roughly $11 billion in assets worldwide  has weighed in on some of the most persistent claims about Ripple-promoted XRP.,21Shares  which oversees roughly $11 billion in assets worldwide  has weighed in on some of the most persistent claims about Ripple-promoted XRP. Among the points addressed is the assumption that Ripple has direct control over the XRP Ledger (XRPL).The Truth About Ripple and Control of the XRP Ledger21Shares recently described XRP as “crypto’s most misunderstood 13-year-old ” highlighting how much misconception still surrounds the crypto asset and its broader ecosystem.One of the most persistent misconceptions about XRP is that Ripple controls both the token and the blockchain behind it. According to major asset manager 21Shares  that assumption is fundamentally wrong.The asset manager emphasizes that Ripple is a private technology company  while the XRP Ledger is an open  decentralized public blockchain. XRP  meanwhile  is the network’s native digital asset.The firm also points to the XRPL’s validator structure as evidence of its decentralized design. Ripple operates just one of the 35 validators included on the XRPL’s default Unique Node List (UNL)  according to 21Shares.Beyond that default list  the broader XRPL network includes more than 150 known validators  spanning universities  cryptocurrency exchanges  businesses  and independent individuals.21Shares captures the distinction with a powerful analogy: building the road does not mean controlling the traffic that moves across it.21Shares also highlighted another common source of confusion: XRP  the XRP Ledger  and Ripple are three distinct things— not interchangeable names for the same entity.Put simply  the XRPL is the blockchain  XRP is the native asset that runs on it  and Ripple is a separate private company that builds financial infrastructure and payment solutions leveraging the network.That distinction matters because Ripple’s involvement in the XRP ecosystem does not mean the company owns or controls the XRP Ledger itself.XRP’s Supply Is Capped at 100 Billion21Shares further drew attention to what makes XRP’s supply model different from many other cryptocurrencies.Unlike assets that continuously add new coins through mining or inflationary issuance  XRP’s entire 100 billion token supply was created at the launch of the XRP Ledger. The network therefore has no mechanism for minting additional XRP beyond that original maximum.Instead  the amount of XRP in circulation can gradually shrink over time. That’s because a tiny amount of XRP is permanently destroyed every time a transaction is processed on the XRPL.The burn mechanism wasn’t primarily designed to create scarcity. Its key purpose is to make network spam and transaction flooding economically impractical by attaching a small  irreversible cost to every transaction.But there is a secondary effect: every transaction permanently removes a small amount of XRP from the total supply  meaning the supply can only move downward — not upward.Can XRP Hit $2.69 This Year?At the start of 2026  21Shares mapped out three potential paths for XRP: $2.45 in its base case  $2.69 in a bullish scenario  and $1.60 if bears take control. With XRP presently trading around $1.44  the bullish target would represent a significant upside from current levels.21Shares isn’t just commenting on XRP from the sidelines — the asset manager already offers multiple XRP investment products.Its European 21Shares XRP ETP (AXRP) has been available since April 2019 and trades across major European exchanges  including SIX Swiss Exchange  Deutsche Börse Xetra  Euronext Amsterdam  and Euronext Paris.The firm later expanded its XRP footprint into the U.S. market with the 21Shares XRP ETF (TOXR)  which launched in December 2025.With billions of dollars in crypto products and direct XRP offerings  21Shares’ bullish outlook on the payments-focused token carries added significance.,neutral,0.0,0.98,0.02,negative,0.0,0.23,0.77,True,English,"['11B Asset Manager', 'Biggest Misconception Surrounding', 'Ripple-Linked XRP', 'Deutsche Börse Xetra', 'default Unique Node List', 'open, decentralized public blockchain', 'multiple XRP investment products', 'entire 100 billion token supply', 'European 21Shares XRP ETP', 'three distinct things', 'many other cryptocurrencies', 'three potential paths', 'major European exchanges', 'SIX Swiss Exchange', 'U.S. market', 'small, irreversible cost', 'private technology company', 'separate private company', 'native digital asset', 'major asset manager', 'direct XRP offerings', '21Shares’ bullish outlook', '21Shares XRP ETF', 'default list', 'broader XRPL network', 'decentralized design', 'native asset', 'crypto products', 'broader ecosystem', 'cryptocurrency exchanges', 'bullish scenario', 'bullish target', 'payments-focused token', 'Supply Is', 'supply model', 'total supply', 'small amount', 'persistent claims', 'The Truth', 'crypto asset', 'persistent misconceptions', 'validator structure', 'independent individuals', 'powerful analogy', 'common source', 'interchangeable names', 'same entity', 'financial infrastructure', 'payment solutions', 'new coins', 'inflationary issuance', 'original maximum', 'key purpose', 'secondary effect', 'base case', 'significant upside', 'current levels', 'Euronext Amsterdam', 'Euronext Paris', 'direct control', 'Ripple-promoted XRP', 'XRP Ledger', 'XRP ecosystem', 'additional XRP', 'XRP footprint', 'tiny amount', 'network spam', '150 known validators', 'burn mechanism', '35 validators', 'XRPL.', 'assets', 'points', 'assumption', 'misunderstood', 'firm', 'evidence', 'UNL', 'universities', 'businesses', 'distinction', 'traffic', 'confusion', 'involvement', 'attention', 'mining', 'launch', 'circulation', 'time', 'transaction', 'scarcity', 'start', 'bears', 'sidelines', 'AXRP', 'April', 'trades', 'TOXR', 'December', 'billions', 'dollars', 'significance']",2026-09-09,2026-09-10,zycrypto.com
57382,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/ekinops-and-packetfront-partner-to-empower-service-provider-networks-with-a-competitive-european-alternative-302874046.html,Ekinops and PacketFront Partner to Empower Service Provider Networks with a Competitive European Alternative,PARIS  Sept. 9  2026 /PRNewswire/ -- EKINOPS (Euronext Paris - FR0011466069 - EKI)  a leading European provider of optical networking  connectivity  and SASE cybersecurity solutions for telecommunications operators and enterprises  and PacketFront Software so…,"PARIS  Sept. 9  2026 /PRNewswire/ -- EKINOPS (Euronext Paris - FR0011466069 - EKI)  a leading European provider of optical networking  connectivity  and SASE cybersecurity solutions for telecommunications operators and enterprises  and PacketFront Software solutions AB today announced a partnership designed to help service providers modernize and automate their networks through a commercially competitive  European-based alternative to traditional incumbent networking stacks.As service providers  particularly in Europe  are increasingly reshaping vendor strategies in response to delivery constraints  cost pressure and heightened awareness of geopolitical vendor risk  Ekinops and PacketFront are aligning strengths to address the demand for greater dual-vendor resilience  lower operational risk  faster deployment and improved automation maturity.Objective of the partnership is for Ekinops to provide the physical network edge  while PacketFront BECS adds orchestration  automation and service management. Ekinops platforms are certified by Packetfront Software to work seamlessly with BECS.""The partnership is positioned around a low-disruption adoption model with clear Return on Investment. This combination can help service providers reduce engineering effort  improve provisioning times  and manage mixed estates more efficiently."" Says Frank Dedobbeleer  Chief Revenue Officer EMEA & APAC at Ekinops.""We are delighted to enter into this partnership. By combining Ekinops extensive product portfolio and deep expertise with PacketFront's cutting-edge BECS OSS platform  we will bring a powerful European offering to the market. Together  we look forward to helping operators and enterprises build more efficient  flexible and future-ready networks."" says Timo Kuusela  VP Sales at PacketFront.The partnership will initially focus on the UK and Northern Europe and was highlighted at the PacketFront Connected Conference in Stockholm  Sweden  this June. It is also showcased at the Connected Britain trade show in London  UK  on 9–10 September.All press releases are published after Euronext Paris market close.Ekinops contactLionel Chmilewsky  CEO[email protected]Investors contactMathieu Omnes  Investor relationTel.: +33 (0)1 53 67 36 92[email protected]Media contactAmaury Dugast  Press relationTel.: +33 (0)1 53 67 36 74[email protected]For more information  visit https://www.ekinops.com/SOURCE Ekinops France SA",neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,positive,0.83,0.17,0.0,True,English,"['Service Provider Networks', 'Competitive European Alternative', 'PacketFront Partner', 'Ekinops', 'Connected Britain trade show', 'traditional incumbent networking stacks', 'cutting-edge BECS OSS platform', 'Ekinops extensive product portfolio', 'SOURCE Ekinops France SA', 'PacketFront Software solutions AB', 'SASE cybersecurity solutions', 'leading European provider', 'competitive, European-based alternative', 'greater dual-vendor resilience', 'lower operational risk', 'physical network edge', 'low-disruption adoption model', 'Chief Revenue Officer', 'powerful European offering', 'geopolitical vendor risk', 'PacketFront Connected Conference', 'Euronext Paris market', 'optical networking', 'vendor strategies', 'PacketFront BECS', 'service providers', 'delivery constraints', 'cost pressure', 'faster deployment', 'service management', 'clear Return', 'engineering effort', 'provisioning times', 'mixed estates', 'Frank Dedobbeleer', 'deep expertise', 'efficient, flexible', 'Timo Kuusela', 'VP Sales', 'press releases', 'Lionel Chmilewsky', 'Mathieu Omnes', 'Investor relation', 'Media contact', 'Amaury Dugast', 'Press relation', 'Ekinops platforms', 'Ekinops contact', 'telecommunications operators', 'automation maturity', 'future-ready networks', 'Northern Europe', 'BECS.', 'Sept.', 'PRNewswire', 'connectivity', 'enterprises', 'partnership', 'response', 'awareness', 'strengths', 'demand', 'improved', 'Objective', 'orchestration', 'Investment', 'combination', 'EMEA', 'APAC', 'UK', 'Stockholm', 'Sweden', 'London', '9–10 September', 'CEO', 'Investors', 'Tel.', 'information', '33', '1 53']",2026-09-09,2026-09-10,prnewswire.com
57383,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://economictimes.indiatimes.com/opinion/et-commentary/nse-ipo-is-selling-a-monopoly-investors-should-watch-the-referee/articleshow/133979403.cms,NSE IPO is selling a monopoly. Investors should watch the referee,NSE's upcoming listing presents investors with a dual business model.  The exchange operates as a profit-generating toll booth and a regulatory referee.  Global evidence suggests demutualisation creates conflicts  especially in weaker regulatory environments.…,NSE handles about 93% of India's cash equity turnover and 99.79% of equity futures. It's the world's largest derivatives exchange by contract volume. When it lists later this month  it will list on BSE   as India forbids an exchange from being the venue for its own shares.An exchange is not an ordinary company. But investors are about to be sold an 'ordinary company' story: monopoly margins  structural growth  India's rise  etc. So  before taking the plunge  it's worth knowing what 30 yrs of global evidence reveals.An exchange is 2 businesses welded together:Trades happen  NSE clips a fee  and marginal cost of the millionth trade is roughly zero. NSE's FY26 numbers show the shape of it: ₹16 601 cr in operating revenue  ₹10 302 cr in net profit  and a reported operating Ebitda margin of 66.85% - 76.23% on the normalised basis the prospectus prefers. Either way  a superb business.NSE writes listing rules  runs surveillance  disciplines members. It's a front-line regulator wearing a company's clothes  a cost centre inside a profit machine. Once shareholders arrive demanding quarterly growth  it becomes the cost easiest to trim. Nobody notices a surveillance budget until something breaks.You are buying both. The prospectus prices the first. Demutualisation began with Stockholm Stock Exchange (SSE) in 1993. In 1998  Australian Securities Exchange (ASX) became the first exchange to demutualise and list on its own market  a manoeuvre nobody has been comfortable with since. In the mid-1990s  roughly 90% of World Federation of Exchanges members were mutuals. By 2002  63% had converted.Why the stampede? Because of e-trading. Oliver Hart and John Moore mapped it in their 1998 paper  'Cooperatives vs Outside Ownership': member-owned bodies underinvest  favouring cheap current fees over infrastructure whose future benefits must be shared with new entrants. Exchanges facing a tech arms race fit the model.Demutualisation unlocked capital and gave exchanges listed paper to buy things with. ICE and NYSE-Euronext roll-ups were paid for in shares that did not exist under mutual ownership. That half of the story worked. The refereeing half has a bleaker record.John Carson's 2003 World Bank study across Asian  North American and European jurisdictions  found that going for-profit creates new and larger conflicts than the mutual model. IMF and International Organisation of Securities Commissions (IOSCO) would reiterate this.In 2025  a Review of Accounting Studies study found that monitoring of listed firms measurably declines after demutualisation. Then comes the bit Indian investors should read twice - that the above finding holds only among weak regulatory regimes. Where the country-level regulator is strong and independent  demutualisation does not degrade oversight. Where it isn't  it does.The correct question is not whether NSE can police itself after listing - it cannot - but whether Sebi is strong enough to pick up what NSE puts down. That is the single variable the academic literature says decides the outcome.Rest of the evidence is mixed enough to puncture the sales pitch. Serifsoy's 2008 panel of 28 exchanges found demutualised  outsider-owned exchanges show no clear efficiency or productivity edge. Liquidity improves post-demutualisation  but the gain concentrates in developed markets and diversified exchanges.Here are 3 things specific to this offer:This is 100% offer for sale (OFS). NSE receives nothing. Note also the tempo. Sellers are pushing for this month  and the exchange has waited a decade to get here.A motivated seller concedes price to institutions who can credibly walk  retail applicants are price-takers on whatever the anchor book settles. With a fixed rupee target and 20 banks carrying placement obligations  a deal in a hurry can just as easily be resolved by manufacturing demand as by cutting the price. Watch the anchor book  not the grey market premium.NSE settled the co-location and dark-fibre matters for ₹1 491.21 cr  the largest settlement in Sebi's history. Whatever your view of the merits  it's the literature's warning: a dominant exchange whose access-control function came under suspicion of bending commercially  before any shareholder was in the room.Equity options alone were 60.22% of NSE's operating revenue in FY26  transaction charges were 78.65%. Meanwhile  a Sebi August 2026 study found roughly 91% of individual traders in equity derivatives lost money during FY26.Sebi has capped weekly expiries and raised lot sizes precisely to cool this. FY26 revenue fell 3%  and profit 15%. That's a regulator actively working against 60% of your revenue line  and it partly explains why NSE is selling now.None of this says avoid it. Monopoly exchanges with data and clearing franchises - ICE  HKEX  CME - have made shareholders rich  and NSE's dominance exceeds what most of them had at listing.But the key story here isn't the listing-day pop. It's whether Sebi keeps the regulatory function funded and independent once NSE's board starts answering to public shareholders with a growth mandate. 30 yrs of global evidence says that's the part that slips  not the part anyone announces. Which makes the price band the only question that matters. And the one nobody in that syndicate of 20 is being paid to answer conservatively.,neutral,0.04,0.92,0.04,mixed,0.16,0.17,0.67,True,English,"['NSE IPO', 'monopoly', 'Investors', 'referee', 'cheap current fees', 'tech arms race', 'Asian, North American', 'Accounting Studies study', 'fixed rupee target', 'weak regulatory regimes', 'operating Ebitda margin', 'cash equity turnover', '2003 World Bank study', 'grey market premium', 'Stockholm Stock Exchange', 'Sebi August 2026 study', 'Australian Securities Exchange', 'largest derivatives exchange', ""ordinary company' story"", 'equity derivatives', 'Securities Commissions', 'largest settlement', 'regulatory function', 'operating revenue', 'equity futures', 'Equity options', 'contract volume', 'monopoly margins', 'structural growth', 'millionth trade', 'normalised basis', 'superb business', 'quarterly growth', 'World Federation', 'Oliver Hart', 'John Moore', 'Outside Ownership', 'member-owned bodies', 'future benefits', 'NYSE-Euronext roll-ups', 'mutual ownership', 'bleaker record', 'John Carson', 'European jurisdictions', 'larger conflicts', 'International Organisation', 'correct question', 'single variable', 'sales pitch', 'clear efficiency', 'productivity edge', 'developed markets', 'motivated seller', 'retail applicants', 'anchor book', 'placement obligations', 'dark-fibre matters', 'access-control function', 'transaction charges', 'individual traders', 'weekly expiries', 'lot sizes', 'revenue line', 'clearing franchises', 'key story', 'listing-day pop', 'growth mandate', 'first exchange', 'dominant exchange', 'global evidence', 'marginal cost', 'front-line regulator', 'cost centre', 'country-level regulator', 'outsider-owned exchanges', 'diversified exchanges', 'Monopoly exchanges', 'FY26 numbers', 'net profit', 'profit machine', 'surveillance budget', 'new entrants', 'refereeing half', 'mutual model', 'Indian investors', 'academic literature', 'FY26 revenue', 'listing rules', 'public shareholders', 'independent, demutualisation', 'Exchanges members', '28 exchanges', 'NSE', 'BSE', 'shares', 'rise', 'plunge', '30 yrs', '2 businesses', 'Trades', 'shape', '601 cr', 'prospectus', 'clothes', 'Nobody', 'something', 'ASX', 'manoeuvre', 'mid-1990s', 'mutuals', 'stampede', 'trading', '1998 paper', 'Cooperatives', 'infrastructure', 'capital', 'things', 'ICE', 'IMF', 'IOSCO', 'Review', 'monitoring', 'firms', 'finding', 'oversight', 'outcome', 'Rest', 'Serifsoy', '2008 panel', 'Liquidity', 'post', 'gain', 'offer', 'OFS', 'tempo', 'Sellers', 'month', 'institutions', '20 banks', 'deal', 'hurry', 'demand', 'location', '₹1,491.21 cr', 'history', 'merits', 'warning', 'suspicion', 'room', 'money', 'None', 'data', 'HKEX', 'CME', 'dominance', 'board', 'tha', '302']",2026-09-09,2026-09-10,economictimes.indiatimes.com
57384,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.naftemporiki.gr/english/2159190/star-bulk-sets-e23-e25-50-price-range-for-public-offering/,Star Bulk sets €23-€25.50 price range for public offering,Star Bulk Carriers Corp. has announced the offering price range for its new shares in Greece  paving the way for its parallel listing on Euronext Athens.The shipping company said…Star Bulk sets €23-€25.50 price range for public offering - Η ΝΑΥΤΕΜΠΟΡΙΚΗ,Star Bulk Carriers Corp. has announced the offering price range for its new shares in Greece  paving the way for its parallel listing on Euronext Athens.The shipping company said…Star Bulk sets €23-€25.50 price range for public offering - Η ΝΑΥΤΕΜΠΟΡΙΚΗ,neutral,0.0,0.99,0.0,neutral,0.0,0.99,0.0,True,English,"['Star Bulk', '50 price range', 'public offering', 'Star Bulk Carriers Corp.', 'offering price range', '50 price range', 'public offering', 'new shares', 'parallel listing', 'Euronext Athens', 'shipping company', 'Greece', 'way', 'Η']",2026-09-09,2026-09-10,naftemporiki.gr
57385,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/jameson-opens-5-million-bar-tab-for-football-fans-nationwide-launching-americas-biggest-round-for-the-2026-nfl-season-302873819.html,JAMESON® OPENS $5 MILLION BAR TAB* FOR FOOTBALL FANS NATIONWIDE  LAUNCHING 'AMERICA'S BIGGEST ROUND' FOR THE 2026 NFL SEASON,As the Official Spirits Sponsor of the NFL  Jameson Partners with NFL Legend Eli Manning to Celebrate Bar Patrons  Spotlight Football Traditions & Raise a Sláinte Cheers NEW YORK  Sept. 9  2026 /PRNewswire/ -- Today  Jameson® Irish Whiskey  the Official Spiri…,"As the Official Spirits Sponsor of the NFL  Jameson Partners with NFL Legend Eli Manning to Celebrate Bar Patrons  Spotlight Football Traditions & Raise a Sláinte CheersNEW YORK  Sept. 9  2026 /PRNewswire/ -- Today  Jameson® Irish Whiskey  the Official Spirits Sponsor of the National Football League (NFL)  is picking up fans' first round of drinks with America's Biggest Round - an up to $5 million nationwide bar tab. Kicking off tonight in select markets  the program celebrates the tradition of coming together for football and reinforces Jameson's commitment to supporting the local bars that bring fans together.Jameson® Irish Whiskey  the Official Spirits Sponsor of the National Football League (NFL)  is picking up fans' first round of drinks with America’s Biggest Round - an up to $5 million nationwide bar tab.In the Jameson spirit of bringing people together this football season  the brand is raising a glass to the neighborhood bars  bartenders  regulars  and first-timers who turn every kickoff into a shared experience. Inspired by Jameson's belief that a stranger is just a friend you haven't met yet  America's Biggest Round celebrates the moments that happen when fans come together  whether it's cheering a game-winning touchdown or simply sharing a drink with the person next to them. And for those who keep showing up throughout the season  Jameson will reward fans with opportunities to earn exclusive prizes  giveaways  and unforgettable gameday experiences.To help kick things off  Jameson is teaming up with two-time Super Bowl Champion Eli Manning  a guy who knows a thing or two about unforgettable gameday moments. Eli won't just be cheering from the sidelines; he'll be rallying fans  sharing his ultimate gameday rituals  and reminding everyone that nothing beats the energy of watching football surrounded by fellow fans with a smooth drink in hand.""The spirit of fandom and community at a local bar on gameday is really unique "" said Eli Manning. ""I'm excited to partner with Jameson as they buy America's Biggest Round  celebrating the die-hard fans who bring the passion every single week  make the trip to their local spot  and keep the gameday tradition alive.""America's Biggest Round is powered by Jameson's new creative campaign debuting later this month  Sláinte to Showing Up  a toast to the regulars  the fans who may not know all the rules but know a good time when they see one  and the neighborhood bartenders who know your order before you sit down. Inspired by Jameson's founding belief to ""Make a New Friend Every Day "" the campaign celebrates the people and places that make gameday what it is.""The moments fans remember most aren't the ones they watched alone  they're the ones they shared with the people around them "" said Colin Kavanagh  Chief Marketing Officer at Pernod Ricard North America. ""For generations  neighborhood bars have brought people together  turning strangers into friends and gamedays into lasting memories. As the Official Spirits Sponsor of the NFL  Jameson is pouring America's Biggest Round with a $5 million bar tab to celebrate the fans who show up  raise a glass  and make gameday happen at their local spot.""In select markets  fans across the country can head to their favorite local bar to claim their share of the $5 million tab:Scan & Claim: Click here or scan dedicated in-bar QR codes on coasters and table tents to unlock local offers.Click here or scan dedicated in-bar QR codes on coasters and table tents to unlock local offers. Up to $20 Cash Back: In participating rebate states  consumers who order a Jameson drink can upload their receipt to receive up to $20 cash back via Paypal or Venmo.In participating rebate states  consumers who order a Jameson drink can upload their receipt to receive up to $20 cash back via Paypal or Venmo. Sweepstakes: In eligible sweepstakes states  fans can enter for a chance to win $20 via PayPal or Venmo for their next round.In eligible sweepstakes states  fans can enter for a chance to win $20 via PayPal or Venmo for their next round. Find Your Bar: Fans can use the interactive Jameson Sports Bar Locator to discover local spots hosting watch parties  signature menu offerings  and gameday rituals—whether it's Green Tea Shots  Jameson Ginger & Lime  or their go-to Jameson favorite.To learn more about America's Biggest Round  find local gameday bars  or view signature matchday cocktail recipes  visit JamesonWhiskey.com and follow @JamesonUS.*About America's Biggest Round / Jameson 1st Round on Us Rebate. Offer EXCLUDES residents of AZ  HI  IN  KY  LA  MD  MA  MS  NH  NC  OR  PA  TN  TX  UT and VA. You must be 21+ and a resident of a state NOT listed above. Eligible receipts must show a qualifying purchase made at an on-premise retailer between 9/9/26 – 11/30/26  and must be submitted by 12/4/26. To receive up to $20 via Paypal or Venmo  you must purchase a minimum of one (1) Jameson cocktail  drink or shot from an on-premise retailer (i.e. bar or restaurant). Amount of rebate shall NOT exceed cost of one (1) Jameson cocktail  drink or shot. Maximum one rebate per person or household. To redeem  and for offer terms and conditions  visit www.jamesonwhiskey.com/en-us/first-round-on-jameson. Void where prohibited. SPONSOR: Pernod Ricard USA.For states not eligible for the rebate  Jameson is conducting the America's Biggest Round / Jameson 1st Round on Us Sweepstakes. No purchase necessary to enter or win. Purchasing a product will not improve your chances of winning. Must be legal U.S. resident of AZ  HI  IN  KY  LA  MD  MA  MS  NH  NC  OR  PA  TN  TX  UT or VA  age 21 or older as of date of entry. Registration begins at 12:00a ET on 9/9/2026 and ends at 11:59p ET on 11/30/2026. To enter  and for complete official rules including eligibility  prize details  ARV and questions/comments  visit www.jamesonwhiskey.com/en-us/first-round-on-jameson-sweeps. Follow the on-screen entry instructions to participate in the instant win promotion. Odds of winning based upon total number of eligible entries received. Limit one prize award per person or household. No alcoholic beverage is part of any prize award. Void wherever prohibited or restricted by law. Sponsor: Pernod Ricard USA  250 Park Avenue  New York  NY 10177.Participant irrevocably waives all claims against the National Football League  its member professional football clubs  NFL Ventures  Inc.  NFL Ventures  L.P.  NFL Properties LLC  NFL Enterprises LLC and each of their respective subsidiaries  affiliates  shareholders  officers  directors  agents  representatives and employees (collectively  the ""NFL Entities"") and agrees that the NFL Entities will have no liability or responsibility for any claim arising in connection with participation in this Sweepstakes or the prizes awarded. The NFL Entities have not offered or sponsored this Sweepstakes in any way. All inquiries regarding the Sweepstakes should be directed to Sponsor or Sweepstakes Administrator.TASTE RESPONSIBLY. JAMESON® Irish Whiskey. 40% Alc./Vol. (80 Proof). Product of Ireland. ©2026 Imported by John Jameson Import Company  New York  NY.ABOUT JAMESON® IRISH WHISKEYJameson is the world's bestselling Irish whiskey  a top 3 international whiskey brand and a top 10 international spirits brand*. Anchored by the spirit of togetherness and community  Jameson celebrates the attributes that have propelled the brand from its inception – always welcoming and forever smooth. Sound like you? You Must be a Jameson  too. Every bottle of Jameson is triple distilled and crafted for smoothness at the Midleton Distillery in County Cork  Ireland - the Most Awarded International Distillery at the 2025 San Francisco World Spirits Competition.ABOUT PERNOD RICARD USA®Pernod Ricard USA is the premium spirits and wine company in the U.S.  and the largest subsidiary of Paris  France-based Pernod Ricard SA.  the world's second largest spirits and wine company. Pernod Ricard employs approximately 18 000 people worldwide  is listed on Euronext (Ticker: RI) and is part of the CAC 40 index. The company's leading spirits include such prestigious brands as Absolut Vodka  Avión Tequila  Chivas Regal Scotch Whisky  The Glenlivet Single Malt Scotch Whisky  Jameson Irish Whiskey  Kahlúa Liqueur  Malibu  Martell Cognac  Olmeca Altos Tequila  Beefeater Gin  Del Maguey Single Village Mezcal  Código Tequila  Monkey 47 Gin  Seagram's Extra Dry Gin  Malfy Gin  Hiram Walker Liqueurs  Midleton Irish Whiskey  Redbreast Irish Whiskey  Aberlour Single Malt Scotch Whisky  Lillet  Jefferson's Bourbon  TX Whiskey  Skrewball Whiskey  Smooth Ambler Whiskey  Rabbit Hole Whiskey  Pernod and Ricard; Château Sainte Marguerite rosé and exquisite champagne Perrier-Jouët.Pernod Ricard USA is headquartered in New York  New York  and is responsible for more than 1 000 jobs across the country. As 'Creators of Conviviality'  we are committed to sustainable and responsible business practices in service of our customers  consumers  employees  and suppliers. Pernod Ricard USA urges all adults to consume its products responsibly and has an active program to promote responsible drinking. For more information  visit: www.pernod-ricard-usa.com.PRESS CONTACTSPernod Ricard USA: [email protected]Praytell Agency: [email protected]SOURCE Jameson",neutral,0.04,0.91,0.05,mixed,0.63,0.26,0.1,True,English,"['$5 MILLION BAR TAB', 'FOOTBALL FANS NATIONWIDE', 'BIGGEST ROUND', '2026 NFL SEASON', 'JAMESON®', 'AMERICA', 'THE', 'interactive Jameson Sports Bar Locator', 'two-time Super Bowl Champion', 'signature matchday cocktail recipes', 'Pernod Ricard North America', '$5 million nationwide bar tab', 'NFL Legend Eli Manning', 'signature menu offerings', '$5 million bar tab', 'Official Spirits Sponsor', 'Chief Marketing Officer', 'Green Tea Shots', 'unforgettable gameday experiences', 'one (1) Jameson cocktail', 'Spotlight Football Traditions', 'National Football League', 'Sláinte Cheers', 'participating rebate states', 'eligible sweepstakes states', 'Jameson® Irish Whiskey', 'favorite local bar', 'ultimate gameday rituals', 'bar QR codes', 'new creative campaign', 'Jameson 1st Round', 'unforgettable gameday moments', 'local gameday bars', ""fans' first round"", '$5 million tab', 'Eligible receipts', 'Bar Patrons', 'local bars', 'NEW YORK', 'neighborhood bars', 'Biggest Round', 'next round', 'local spot', 'local offers', 'select markets', 'game-winning touchdown', 'exclusive prizes', 'good time', 'Colin Kavanagh', 'lasting memories', 'table tents', 'watch parties', 'qualifying purchase', 'premise retailer', 'Jameson Ginger', 'New Friend', 'gameday tradition', 'football season', 'smooth drink', 'neighborhood bartenders', 'founding belief', 'Jameson drink', 'Jameson spirit', 'fellow fans', 'die-hard fans', 'PRNewswire', 'drinks', 'program', 'commitment', 'people', 'brand', 'glass', 'regulars', 'first-timers', 'kickoff', 'stranger', 'person', 'opportunities', 'giveaways', 'things', 'guy', 'sidelines', 'everyone', 'energy', 'hand', 'fandom', 'community', 'passion', 'trip', 'toast', 'rules', 'order', 'places', 'generations', 'friends', 'gamedays', 'country', 'share', 'Scan', 'Claim', 'coasters', 'consumers', '$20 cash', 'Paypal', 'Venmo', 'chance', 'Lime', 'JamesonWhiskey', 'JamesonUS', 'residents', 'AZ', 'KY', 'MD', 'MS', 'NH', 'TN', 'TX', 'UT', 'minimum', 'restaurant', 'Amount', 'cost']",2026-09-09,2026-09-10,prnewswire.com
57386,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.naftemporiki.gr/english/2159136/star-bulk-carriers-eyes-ftse-25-listing-on-euronext-athens/,Star Bulk Carriers eyes FTSE 25 listing on Euronext Athens,A Greek shipping company that is the largest listed dry bulk operator on the New York Stock Exchange and the world’s third-largest has decided to enter the Euronext Athens.Star…Star Bulk Carriers eyes FTSE 25 listing on Euronext Athens - Η ΝΑΥΤΕΜΠΟΡΙΚΗ,A Greek shipping company that is the largest listed dry bulk operator on the New York Stock Exchange and the world’s third-largest has decided to enter the Euronext Athens.Star…Star Bulk Carriers eyes FTSE 25 listing on Euronext Athens - Η ΝΑΥΤΕΜΠΟΡΙΚΗ,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,neutral,0.08,0.84,0.08,True,English,"['Star Bulk Carriers', 'FTSE 25 listing', 'Euronext Athens', 'largest listed dry bulk operator', 'New York Stock Exchange', 'Greek shipping company', 'Star Bulk Carriers', 'Euronext Athens', 'FTSE 25 listing', 'world', 'Η']",2026-09-09,2026-09-10,naftemporiki.gr
57387,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://en.protothema.gr/2026/09/09/vasiliki-lazarakou-companies-have-raised-more-than-e25-billion-on-the-athens-stock-exchange-since-2019/,Vasiliki Lazarakou: Companies have raised more than €25 billion on the Athens Stock Exchange since 2019,The Chair of the Hellenic Capital Market Commission spoke at the Commission’s anniversary Investment SymposiumThe post Vasiliki Lazarakou: Companies have raised more than €25 billion on the Athens Stock Exchange since 2019 appeared first on ProtoThema Englis…,Newsroom September 9 07:20Δείτε περισσότερα άρθρα μας στα αποτελέσματα αναζήτησης Add Protothema.gr on Google“Since 2019  94 prospectuses have been approved  through which approximately €25.3 billion was raised  including €7 billion during the first seven months of 2026 alone. At the same time  mutual fund assets increased by 308%  reaching €25.6 billion  while 144 new mutual funds were established ” Chair of the Hellenic Capital Market Commission Vassiliki Lazarakou said  among other remarks  speaking today at the Commission’s anniversary Investment Symposium at the Gennadius Library. The event marked 35 years since the Commission was established as an independent legal entity under public law.Ms. Lazarakou emphasized the Hellenic Capital Market Commission’s transformation  the significant results achieved over the past seven years  and the challenges ahead.As she noted  since 2019 the Hellenic Capital Market Commission has focused on five main areas: contributing to market development  strengthening preventive supervision  institutional reform  digital transformation  and international cooperation. This period was particularly demanding due to the pandemic and international economic and geopolitical turmoil. Nevertheless  the Commission strengthened its supervisory effectiveness and modernized its procedures and tools.During this period  the Board of Directors adopted 2 188 decisions  while the Executive Committee adopted more than 4 000 decisions  reflecting the volume and complexity of its work. At the same time  288 inspections were carried out  615 letters were sent  more than 1 200 complaints were processed  and 249 warnings were issued concerning unauthorized providers.Where violations were identified  sanctions were imposed. Fines totaling €42.6 million were imposed in 668 cases  71 of which involved market-manipulation cases that were referred to the Public Prosecutor’s Office. At the same time  the number of pending cases that had been outstanding for more than five years—150 cases—was reduced to zero in 2023 and has remained at zero  while outstanding complaints fell from 268 to 135.The strengthening of supervision was accompanied by significant market growth. Since 2019  94 prospectuses have been approved  through which approximately €25.3 billion was raised  including €7 billion during the first seven months of 2026 alone. Meanwhile  mutual fund assets increased by 308%  reaching €25.6 billion  while 144 new mutual funds were created.Another key development is the Commission’s digital transformation  a €15 million project funded through the Recovery and Resilience Fund. The project includes upgrading cybersecurity  integrating systems and leveraging data  and enhancing market surveillance.At the same time  the Commission’s workforce is being strengthened  with 25 new staff members hired in 2025 and 46 specialized new positions in the pipeline. The Commission is also investing in artificial intelligence and SupTech tools  including tools to identify unauthorized providers operating online and on social media.The next phase will focus on upgrading the Greek market  integrating it into the broader Euronext ecosystem  and creating a Savings and Investment Union. In an environment where technology  data and artificial intelligence are transforming financial markets  the challenge for regulators is not merely to keep pace with change  but to anticipate it.The goal is a Greek capital market that is more competitive  innovative and resilient  where growth and strong supervision operate in tandem and investor confidence serves as the foundation for further development.,neutral,0.01,0.98,0.01,negative,0.0,0.09,0.91,True,English,"['Athens Stock Exchange', 'Vasiliki Lazarakou', 'Companies', 'Hellenic Capital Market Commission Vassiliki Lazarakou', 'Greek capital market', 'first seven months', '144 new mutual funds', 'independent legal entity', '25 new staff members', '46 specialized new positions', 'broader Euronext ecosystem', 'mutual fund assets', 'anniversary Investment Symposium', 'past seven years', 'five main areas', 'significant market growth', 'Ms. Lazarakou', 'Greek market', 'market surveillance', 'five years', 'market development', 'Resilience Fund', 'significant results', 'Investment Union', 'The Commission', 'same time', 'other remarks', 'Gennadius Library', 'public law', 'institutional reform', 'international cooperation', 'international economic', 'geopolitical turmoil', 'supervisory effectiveness', 'Executive Committee', 'unauthorized providers', 'Public Prosecutor', 'artificial intelligence', 'social media', 'next phase', 'financial markets', 'investor confidence', 'preventive supervision', 'digital transformation', 'key development', 'strong supervision', 'market-manipulation cases', 'pending cases', 'outstanding complaints', 'SupTech tools', '1,200 complaints', '668 cases', '150 cases', 'Newsroom', 'Protothema', 'Google', '94 prospectuses', 'Chair', 'challenges', 'period', 'pandemic', 'procedures', 'Board', 'Directors', '2,188 decisions', '4,000 decisions', 'volume', 'complexity', 'work', '288 inspections', '615 letters', '249 warnings', 'violations', 'sanctions', 'Fines', 'Office', 'number', 'strengthening', 'Recovery', 'project', 'cybersecurity', 'systems', 'data', 'pipeline', 'Savings', 'environment', 'technology', 'regulators', 'pace', 'change', 'goal', 'tandem', 'foundation', 'Δείτε', 'ερισσότε', 'ρθρα μας', 'ποτελ', 'σμα', 'ζήτησης', '€15']",2026-09-09,2026-09-10,en.protothema.gr
57388,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://en.protothema.gr/2026/09/09/the-far-right-samaras-and-the-flexible-alexis-the-hunt-for-the-ungrateful-blue-k-m-from-paris-to-kastellorizo-the-army-camp-and-the-suitors/,The far right  Samaras and the flexible Alexis  the hunt for the “ungrateful Blue”  K.M. from Paris to Kastellorizo  the army camp and the suitors ///,Merz's party pays the price for AfD's surge as Le Pen's National Rally now leads French polls; Samaras flirts with the far right while Tsipras inflates his own bloc's numbers  and Mitsotakis heads to Kastellorizo as Star Bulk  Aegean and National Bank make wa…,Newsroom September 9 09:29Δείτε περισσότερα άρθρα μας στα αποτελέσματα αναζήτησης Add Protothema.gr on GoogleGood morning. Let me start with a development that didn’t surprise anyone familiar with the European political scene  but which certainly caused concern: the rapid rise of the far right AfD  which has effectively brought Merz’s party to its knees. The AfD’s French equivalent  the National Rally  is on the march  and it remains to be seen whether Le Pen’s rise to the French presidency can be prevented  given that polls now put her party first  for the first time  even in second-round scenarios for the 2027 elections. Don’t look too far afield  though  because in Greece the right and far right parties beyond New Democracy are already polling at a combined 20 per cent  and we’re waiting to see what Samaras’s party will do. That party  of course  sits within this right wing space and further along still  in the far right. Admittedly  you might point out that Greece’s Left and far left parties poll seven to eight points higher  but those figures are clearly on a downward trend. In fact  in that 28 to 29 per cent combined figure for the Left and far left  I’ve included our much loved leader Alexis to get the number that high. Take him out  though  and the Left’s numbers would fall by half or more. Since we’re on the subject of Alexis  he’s due in Thessaloniki to smooth over the row about safe deposit boxes and taxes  via the “interplanetary database” that’s supposed to capture the global wealth of Greeks. Our leader Alexis is nothing if not flexible on these things. He swaps shirts from leftist to politically correct with ease.Mitsotakis in KastellorizoAfter the Thessaloniki International Fair  K.M. has thrown himself into travel: yesterday it was El Alamein  today it’s Paris  where he’ll take part in Macron’s Space Summit at the Grand Palais. But the trip that will genuinely stir things up is the one he plans to make on Friday  when he heads to Kastellorizo together with the party’s secretary  Konstantinos Kyranakis. This weekend also marks the celebrations for the island’s liberation  exactly 83 years since the destroyer “Admiral Kountouriotis” sailed into the harbour and Kastellorizo became the first part of Greek territory freed from German occupation. This is clearly Mitsotakis’s practical answer both to Turkey and to those here who claim he receives ultimatums from Kalin inside Maximos Mansion and leaves them unanswered.BratakosI’m told that yesterday Bratakos was trying to find out how it “leaked” that Mitsotakis was furious about his comment on the small reduction in advance tax payments. “Live long enough  my friend  and you’ll see clover ” he’d said after the Thessaloniki fair. Everyone in the party knew that Mitsotakis himself had called him and given him a dressing down over the phone. I’m puzzled as to why he was so put out by that  though. What did he expect  applause? As if he’d be sitting in that chair at all without the party’s backing.The President  “Off the Line” and the Marxists at Pedion tou AreosAfter opening the Book Fair at Pedion tou Areos  Konstantinos Tasoulas took a long walk among the publishers’ stands  from the equestrian statue of King Constantine I to the fountain. “Good business to you ” he wished everyone  but he also found time for longer conversations with publishers such as Giorgos Chronas of Odos Panos  with whom he discussed Cavafy  and Rachel Kapon of Kapon Editions  on the subject of history books. He was given so many gifts from various publishing houses that the bags almost didn’t fit in the car  and his exchanges at the more left leaning stands were particularly memorable. When the President stopped at the Marxist Bookshop stand  a polite  bearded man welcomed him and said  “Mr President  we’re on the other side here.” The President replied  “But that’s what makes it interesting. There’d be no interest if we were all on the same side.” They then had a brief chat about the election result in Saxony. A little earlier  at the “Within the Line” publishing stand  the President told the young salesman  “I’m within the line myself  but I do like those who are off the line  too.” “We know ” the young man replied with a smile. At another stand  the President struck up a conversation about the Odyssey. “You know  Odysseus was ‘Nobody’  while Polyphemus was  let’s say  the ‘much famed one’. And yet Nobody  the unknown man  defeated the famous one. That’s a lesson about the fragility and limits of fame.”Deutsche Telekom’s CEO meets Nebis at Maximos todayTurning to market news: Deutsche Telekom’s CEO  Tim Höttges  and the DT board member responsible for Europe  Dominique Leroy  will call at Maximos Mansion today together with OTE’s chairman and CEO  Kostas Nebis  to meet Mitsotakis straight after his morning coffee meeting. Deutsche Telekom’s leadership will brief the Prime Minister on OTE’s move to the Telekom brand. The change  which officially took effect yesterday  isn’t limited to rebranding  since folding OTE into Telekom’s international ecosystem is expected to strengthen synergies in technology  products and commercial partnerships.Interim dividend from Motor OilThe interim dividend payout to Motor Oil shareholders is falling into place. Yesterday the company’s six month financial statements (1 January to 30 June 2026) were filed with the General Commercial Registry “with a view to distributing an interim dividend to shareholders from profits for the 2026 financial year.” In the recent earnings call  management was asked about dividend policy given the strong profitability  and indicated a slightly higher interim dividend along with a higher final dividend.Gonou army camp: investors unimpressedPencils in hand and no shortage of reservations  prospective investors are poring over the draft concession agreement for developing the former Gonou army camp in Thessaloniki. The document reached them late on Thursday evening  just before the Thessaloniki fair  and the initial reaction is positive but far from enthusiastic. Interest in the project remains strong  both from the Thessaloniki Port Authority  controlled by Ivan Savvidis  and from the Goldair  AKTOR and Trade Estates consortium backed by businessmen Kallinikos  Exarchos and Fourlis. Even so  both investment camps have already begun a detailed cost analysis  since the initial impression is that a good many of the concession’s risks are being passed on to the private partner. The main sticking point doesn’t appear to be the upfront price  which is due to be paid in two instalments  five million euros at the outset and another five million later  but rather everything else attached to the contract. After all  the lump sum represents only part of the total financial consideration  since rent and an annual percentage of revenue tied to each bidder’s business plan will be added on top. What causes the greatest concern is the sheer scope of outstanding matters being passed on to the future concession holder. Expropriations  archaeological issues  licensing  unauthorised occupation and the possible removal of squatters together make up a package of liabilities that bidders consider very difficult to price accurately. As they see it  the private party is being asked not only to finance  develop and run the project  but also to resolve problems that largely depend on public services and administrative procedures.What worries the developersWhat’s worrying prospective investors is the prospect of finding themselves chasing permits  expropriations and agency decisions without any real control over how quickly outstanding issues get resolved. These aren’t merely theoretical risks  either  since they can lead to major delays  affect financing and completely change an investment’s economics. When such risks can’t be costed from the outset  they usually translate into either more conservative bids or a higher required rate of return. Those interested acknowledge that some of the financial terms look more favourable compared with previous tenders  such as the one for Fyli  but reckon that isn’t enough to offset the uncertainty around the remaining terms. The initial impression is that the plan could serve as a basis for discussion  but needs substantial revisions to become genuinely financeable and attractive. The message to the contracting authority  then  is that investment appetite exists  but it isn’t a blank cheque. Bidders are asking for a more balanced distribution of risk between the state and the private sector  along with clearer commitments on tackling the administrative and ownership related outstanding issues. The deadline for submitting comments and observations has been set for 23 September  though an extension is thought likely given the tight timeframe. The state will then have to decide which objections make it into the final text.Athens airport: a flight every minute and 20 seconds in AugustOver August’s 31 days  Athens International Airport recorded 32 799 flights (arrivals and departures combined)  meaning there was movement on one of its runways every minute and 20 seconds. The 4.03 million passengers mark a new monthly record for the airport  which will see its food and retail revenues soar. And as is well known  there’s no 15 per cent return cap on non aeronautical revenue.Aegean’s recordsSince we’re on the subject of the airport  Aegean posted a new all time record last July  surpassing two million passengers in a single month for the first time  and analysts are starting to see brighter prospects for the airline’s share price. Eurobank Equities notes that 2026 is shaping up as a tough year for Aegean because of higher energy costs  but views this as more of a temporary state of affairs. Behind this year’s pressure on earnings lie some strong underlying strengths: Aegean’s dominant position in the Greek market and at the Athens hub  its expanding international network  the lengthening tourist season and  above all  its newer  more efficient fleet. The bigger picture  in essence  is that things improve from 2027  as the gradual lifting of maintenance restrictions on GTF engines will allow greater capacity to return  while rising passenger traffic  better absorption of fixed costs and a larger share of more efficient neo aircraft are expected to boost margins. With strong liquidity  healthy cash flows and a dividend yield of 5 to 6 per cent  the brokerage maintains its “buy” rating and a target price of €15.90  seeing overall potential returns of around 32 per cent from yesterday’s close  which  it should be noted  wasn’t a good one: the share fell 2 per cent to €12.05.MEVGAL’s €234 millionKostis Hatzidakis’s recent visit to MEVGAL’s plant in Koufalia brought fresh detail on the company’s trajectory. Management has set this year’s turnover target at €234 million  up from €206.7 million in 2025  with exports exceeding 50 per cent of sales for the first time. Meanwhile  the major investment in the new factory  which we reported on around a month ago  has now risen from €150 million to €160 million  with the project under way and the new plant set to more than double the company’s production capacity once complete. The visit had a personal dimension for the deputy prime minister  too. His wife  Popi Kalaitzi  grew up in Koufalia and was a MEVGAL scholarship recipient at Anatolia College  a story she recounted with visible emotion at the dairy firm’s 75th anniversary event. Hatzidakis made a point of recalling it during his visit to Koufalia  speaking of his “emotional bond” with the company.National Bank hits a new record against the tideBucking the broader correction sweeping the banking sector  which has pulled back from its multi year highs  National Bank’s share showed resilience in yesterday’s session. It closed higher  at €17.60  marking an 11 year record  its highest level since 25 November 2015  when it closed at €19.42. The move pushed the bank’s market capitalisation above the €16 billion mark. The main driver behind this standalone rally was positive analyst coverage. Morgan Stanley set a target price of €19.30  while Euroxx went further still  at €22  providing plenty of “fuel”. Meanwhile  growing clarity around the bank’s corporate developments is boosting investor confidence. NBG also announced yesterday that it will publish its nine month results on 5 November  to be followed by the interim dividend distribution  with the ex dividend date on 16 November and payment on 20 November.Qualco’s share on a strong upward runQualco’s share remains firmly on an upward trajectory  notching a third consecutive session of gains on the Athens Stock Exchange. After Monday’s 4.46 per cent rise (on turnover of €1.9 million and almost 320 000 shares traded) and yesterday’s 4.43 per cent gain (turnover of €2.27 million and 362 000 shares)  the stock closed at €6.36. With the three day rally now totalling 9.65 per cent  the share has returned to levels last seen back in January  though it remains a short distance from its yearly high of €6.675. The pickup in trading activity and sustained buying momentum reflect investor optimism ahead of the first half results  due on Tuesday  15 September  after the market closes.A 5 per cent tax on Star Bulk’s dividendsStar Bulk’s order book opens today and closes on Friday for the placement of up to 4.4 million new shares  as part of the parallel listing of its entire share capital on Euronext Athens. The new shares represent around 3.8 per cent of existing capital  priced in a range of €23 to €25.50  aiming to raise up to €112.2 million  with trading in the new shares starting on 16 September alongside Nasdaq. Petros Pappas is offering the company at roughly a 20 per cent discount to net asset value  the family is participating for up to €6 million at the same price as the public offering  and half year profits jumped to $203.5 million. Among Athens brokers  retail investors have been raising a reasonable question that has led to an interesting side story: will Star Bulk’s dividends be taxed at 30 per cent  like those of Viohalco and Cenergy? The confusion is understandable  but the answer is no. The 30 per cent levied on those two groups’ dividends isn’t a Greek tax at all  it’s Belgian withholding tax at source  a consequence of their registered seat in Brussels. On paper  the Greek Belgian double taxation treaty caps withholding at 15 per cent for individuals. In practice  though  recovering the difference requires applications and certificates to the Belgian authorities  procedures that most private investors never bother with  which is why they end up paying the full 30 per cent  with no offset available in Greece. Star Bulk  however  plays by different rules entirely. As a shipping company  its dividends fall under the special regime of Law 27/1975 and are taxed in Greece at a flat 5 per cent  which fully discharges the tax liability. There’s no withholding at source from the Marshall Islands  and certainly no Belgian red tape to deal with. For a company that pays quarterly dividends and channels almost all of its free cash flow to shareholders  this gap between a 5 per cent and a 30 per cent dividend tax rate is a fairly compelling savings argument.The 40 days troubling PappasStaying with Petros Pappas’s company  one comment he made recently at a press conference is worth remembering  because behind it lies a bigger concern circulating in Piraeus shipping offices: where have the young Greek seafarers gone  and what happens if the trend doesn’t reverse? Star Bulk’s chief executive made no attempt to sugarcoat the situation. He gave the example of a ship sailing from China to Brazil  roughly 40 days at sea  with essentially no other human contact beyond the roughly 20 crewmates on board. What came next  though  was the most striking part. Pappas linked young people turning away from the maritime profession to a far bigger risk: the gradual loss of Greek maritime expertise built up over generations. And that’s where the real warning bell lies. Greece may have one of the world’s strongest merchant fleets  and Greek shipowners may be investing billions in new vessels  but seamanship isn’t something shipyards can sell. It’s passed down from generation to generation  from ship to office  from the old hands to the newer ones. So the question isn’t simply who will crew Greek owned ships. It’s who will pass on tomorrow the knowledge that got Greek shipping to where it stands today. Those 40 days at sea  then  may be masking a much bigger problem back on land.Who’s next in line?Two moves within a few months  first Polys Hajioannou with Safe Bulkers  now Petros Pappas with Star Bulk  and the market is already talking about who’ll be third. That’s where the interesting backdrop lies. Brokerage offices are now looking towards the large pool of Greek owned shipping companies still listed exclusively in New York. Diana Shipping  Danaos  Seanergy  Euroseas and others of Greek ownership have exactly the profile Euronext Athens would want to attract: international presence  a recognisable shipowning name and an investment track record on Wall Street. That doesn’t mean any of them is packing for Athens. What is being said  though  is that the subject has firmly entered the conversation. The real test is Star Bulk. Safe Bulkers carried out a parallel listing without raising capital. Pappas is going a step further  asking the Greek market to put real money on the table. If the offering is met with strong demand  people on Akti Miaouli will start doing different sums. Because it’s one thing to hear that Athens wants to become a shipping finance hub  and quite another to watch two of your competitors already tie up alongside the Greek board.Greek owners set to take delivery of a ship a day for the next three yearsGreek shipowners are on the verge of a historic milestone. Nearly 1 000 ships are currently under construction for Greek interests  a striking figure. The billions behind this unprecedented investment boom are flowing almost entirely to the major shipyards of China  South Korea and Japan  and alongside the ships come engines  electronic systems  energy saving equipment and new fuel technologies. That’s where the Greek stake in all this lies  not  obviously  in starting to build VLCCs and container ships in Greece tomorrow  but in the domestic ship repair and construction industry claiming a bigger slice of the huge aftermarket these ships create: repairs  conversions  spare parts  digital applications and green technologies. Because if Greek owners are taking delivery of almost one new ship a day for the next three years  worth $200 billion in total  the real question isn’t just how much bigger the Greek owned fleet becomes. It’s how much of that value ever finds its way back into the Greek economy.Shorting RenaultShort positions in Renault have climbed to unprecedented levels  despite early signs of improving results at the carmaker. According to La Lettre  François Provost’s management is quietly lobbying France’s markets regulator for tighter oversight of short selling. Disclosed net short positions stood at 8.16 per cent of shares as of 7 September  placing Renault among the top targets for hedge funds in France. Official AMF filings confirm the heightened activity  fuelling further debate over the need for greater transparency and stricter controls.French courts refer Fiat Chrysler for trialStaying in France and the car industry  French prosecutors have referred Fiat Chrysler  now part of Stellantis  for criminal trial in Paris on charges of “aggravated fraud” as part of the Dieselgate investigation. The case concerns allegations of manipulating emissions data on diesel vehicles  with hearing dates being considered for November 2028. FCA becomes the third carmaker referred to trial in France over the scandal  after Volkswagen and Renault  further widening the legal exposure facing the Stellantis group.Copper earns its PhD in the marketsThe price of copper on the London Metal Exchange hit $14 533 a tonne the day before yesterday  another fresh record high for three month contracts  above the previous peak set in January and up 68 per cent from April’s low of $8 613  when “Liberation Day” tariffs were dragging commodities down. Copper is known as the metal “with a PhD in economics” because of its knack for predicting global economic cycles. Today it’s making history again  only this time the diagnosis isn’t simply “growth”. Markets have spent weeks pricing in the likelihood that President Trump will extend tariffs to imports of processed metal. The relevant recommendation from the US Commerce Department has already been pending for two months. Traders have shipped hundreds of thousands of tonnes to the US this year. By the end of July  58 per cent of visible global exchange stockpiles  the portion captured in official data  sat in COMEX warehouses in the US (part of the CME group)  even as LME stocks continue to drain away. In simple terms  the LME in London  the global benchmark  is emptying out  while COMEX warehouses in New York  effectively America’s national stockpile  are filling up. The price curve has flipped into backwardation  with immediate delivery now costing more than future delivery. “The damage is already done  the threat of tariffs alone was enough to shift all the surplus metal to the US ” notes Goldman Sachs  while a Cesco analyst speaks of “regional tightness” rather than a global shortage. For Greece’s cable and copper processing industry  this rally cuts both ways: a boon for order books  but extra weight on raw material costs.,neutral,0.03,0.92,0.05,mixed,0.31,0.3,0.39,True,English,"['flexible Alexis', 'ungrateful Blue', 'K.M.', 'army camp', 'Samaras', 'hunt', 'Paris', 'Kastellorizo', 'suitors', 'European political scene', 'combined 20 per cent', '28 to 29 per cent', 'safe deposit boxes', 'advance tax payments', 'King Constantine I', 'Tim Höttges', 'DT board member', 'morning coffee meeting', 'various publishing houses', 'polite, bearded man', 'Marxist Bookshop stand', 'right wing space', 'Pedion tou Areos', 'left leaning stands', 'Thessaloniki International Fair', 'far right AfD', 'The AfD', 'Space Summit', 'publishing stand', 'international ecosystem', 'Thessaloniki fair', 'Book Fair', 'young man', 'unknown man', 'Protothema.gr', 'French equivalent', 'National Rally', 'Le Pen', 'French presidency', 'second-round scenarios', 'New Democracy', 'downward trend', 'interplanetary database', 'global wealth', 'K.M.', 'El Alamein', 'Grand Palais', 'Konstantinos Kyranakis', 'Admiral Kountouriotis', 'Greek territory', 'German occupation', 'practical answer', 'small reduction', 'Konstantinos Tasoulas', 'long walk', 'publishers’ stands', 'equestrian statue', 'Good business', 'longer conversations', 'Giorgos Chronas', 'Odos Panos', 'Rachel Kapon', 'Kapon Editions', 'history books', 'many gifts', 'other side', 'same side', 'brief chat', 'election result', 'young salesman', 'famous one', 'market news', 'Dominique Leroy', 'Prime Minister', 'Deutsche Telekom', 'Telekom brand', 'right parties', 'Maximos Mansion', 'rapid rise', 'first time', 'first part', 'Kostas Nebis', 'Mr President', 'The President', 'Newsroom', 'Google', 'development', 'concern', 'Merz', 'party', 'knees', 'march', 'polls', '2027 elections', 'Greece', 'Samaras', 'figures', 'fact', 'leader', 'Alexis', 'number', 'half', 'subject', 'row', 'taxes', 'Greeks', 'things', 'shirts', 'leftist', 'ease', 'Mitsotakis', 'Kastellorizo', 'travel', 'Paris', 'Macron', 'trip', 'Friday', 'secretary', 'celebrations', 'island', 'liberation', 'destroyer', 'harbour', 'Turkey', 'ultimatums', 'Kalin', 'Bratakos', 'comment', 'friend', 'clover', 'Everyone', 'dressing', 'phone', 'chair', 'backing', 'Line', 'Marxists', 'fountain', 'Cavafy', 'bags', 'car', 'exchanges', 'interest', 'Saxony', 'smile', 'Odyssey', 'Odysseus', 'Nobody', 'Polyphemus', 'lesson', 'fragility', 'limits', 'fame', 'CEO', 'OTE', 'move', 'effect', 'rebranding', 'Δείτε', 'ερισσότε', 'ρθρ', 'ας', 'τα', 'ποτελ', 'σμα', 'ζήτησης']",2026-09-09,2026-09-10,en.protothema.gr
