UID,Searchword,API,URL,Title,Summary,Article,Title_Sentiment,Title_Positive,Title_Neutral,Title_Negative,Article_Sentiment,Article_Positive,Article_Neutral,Article_Negative,Verified,Language,Topics,Date,Load_Date,Source
50131,Euroclear,NewsApi.org,http://opiniojuris.org/2025/04/16/the-road-not-yet-taken-a-special-tribunal-for-the-crime-of-aggression-against-ukraine/,The Road Not (Yet) Taken: A Special Tribunal for the Crime of Aggression against Ukraine,[Andrew Forde is an Adjunct Lecturer at the Irish Centre for Human Rights.] In his famous poem  The Road Not Taken  Robert Frost laments the fact that travelling one road precludes travelling another but acknowledges that taking the road less travelled can ma…,16.04.25 |[Andrew Forde is an Adjunct Lecturer at the Irish Centre for Human Rights.]In his famous poem  The Road Not Taken  Robert Frost laments the fact that travelling one road precludes travelling another but acknowledges that taking the road less travelled can make all the difference. The journey towards accountability for the crime of aggression has begun but we have reached a fork in the road.Between 19 and 21 March  the 14th meeting of the Core Group on the creation of a Special Tribunal for the Crime of Aggression against Ukraine concluded more than two years of work with agreement on the technical legal basis for such a tribunal within the framework of the Council of Europe. This is a decisive step towards setting up an accountability mechanism for a crime that has not been prosecuted since the Tribunals at Nuremberg and Tokyo at the end of the Second World War. The proposal is for an internationalised court of limited jurisdiction derived from Ukrainian law but based outside Ukraine and focussing on senior political and military leadership who bear most responsibility for the catastrophic aggression against Ukraine (see here). Overall  this would be a tiny number of powerful and extremely well-protected people including the so-called “Troika” of the President  Prime Minister and Minister for Foreign Affairs of the Russian Federation. Such a mechanism wouldn’t substitute domestic prosecutions of war crimes in Ukraine  rather it would augment those efforts.However  now comes the real challenge  as the discussion moves from the technical to the political and at a moment of such international upheaval  the prospect of securing sufficient political backing for the establishment of a credible and effective tribunal is far from certain. Yet  failure to secure meaningful accountability for Russia’s egregious crimes in Ukraine will embolden the perpetrator  inspire other authoritarian states and will inevitably make us all less safe. In this piece  I consider where we stand in terms of the establishment of a Special Tribunal.Background to the Special Tribunal for the Crime of AggressionRussia’s war on Ukraine began in 2014  but it took a full-scale invasion in February 2022 for the world to focus the minds on the openly genocidal persuasion of the Russian government. It triggered an unprecedented international response including at the level of UN  Council of Europe and the EU. In parallel with supporting Ukraine in its existential battle  from an international law perspective early attention focussed on the collection and preservation of evidence of war crimes and other serious violations of international law. This included reinforcing Eurojust’s mandate through the commencement of the work of the International Centre for the Prosecution of the Crime of Aggression against Ukraine (ICPA) as part of the Joint Investigation Team. An Independent International Commission of Inquiry on Ukraine was also established by the Human Rights Council in 2022 to investigate all alleged violations and abuses of human rights  violations of international humanitarian law and related crimes.Already then  an enhanced role for the Council of Europe was being considered as a possible framework for a future tribunal (e.g. as discussed by Heller here and later by Stendel here). What makes the CoE a credible option is its institutional architecture (i.e. an established structure with expert secretariat)  legal tools (i.e. treaty-making powers and depository functions) and the practical judicial experience of the European Court of Human Rights. It also offers a well-established inter-governmental platform for dialogue and cooperation.The Fourth Summit of Heads of State and Government in May 2023 and the signature of the Reykjavik Declaration copper fastened accountability as a key part of the new raison d’etre of the organisation (see here). In particular  it established the Register of Damage Caused by the Aggression by means of a treaty known as an “Enlarged Partial Agreement.” This flexible cooperation mechanism is also open to non-member states  international organisations and any other State that has voted in favour of the UNGA Resolution on the “Furtherance of remedy and reparation for aggression against Ukraine” or any state that requests to join subject to “taking into particular account the position of the Government of Ukraine.”The Register of Damages records claims of compensation for damages  loss  or injury drawing on the experience of the United Nations Compensation Commission (“UNCC”). Ukrainian citizens and residents can submit claims for damage or destruction of residential immovable property as well as claims for the death of an immediate family member. The Enlarged Partial Agreement establishing the Register must be seen in the context of para 7 of Ukraine’s Peace Formula which emphasises the importance of a three tier approach to justice – investigations  prosecutions and reparations. To those ends  the preamble underscores that the Register is a first step to be followed by an international compensation mechanism which would serve as a means to manage reparations.What has been Agreed?In January 2023  a so-called Core Group comprising senior legal experts from approximately 40 states along with the Council of Europe and the European Union convened to consider accountability options. Over two years and fourteen meetings the group brought legal shape to a mechanism to hold Russian leadership to account for what the Nuremberg described as the ‘supreme international crime.’The necessity for such an initiative stems from the fact that the International Criminal Court’s (ICC) jurisdiction over the crime of aggression is limited to States party to the Rome Statute. As Russia is not a party  those who are most responsible for the invasion of Ukraine  including senior political and military leadership  are effectively untouchable from an ICC perspective. This situation is intolerable to Ukraine  but it also represents an affront to international law and the rules based international order.Ultimately  38 states (including Ukraine)  the Council of Europe  the European Commission and the European External Action Service signed off three draft documents:1. a so-called “Schuman draft Statute”  the core legal text that will govern the functioning of the Special Tribunal  establishing a definition of the crime of aggression  the court’s jurisdiction and applicable law  key parameters related to investigation  prosecution and trials  including the establishment of a prosecutor as well as questions related to immunities;2. an Enlarged Partial Agreement on a Special Tribunal  which will be an international treaty for the purposes of the Vienna Convention on the Law of Treaties covering the management and resourcing of the Special Tribunal;3. And finally  a draft bilateral agreement between the Government of Ukraine and the Council of Europe  extending Ukraine’s domestic jurisdiction to that of the Special Tribunal.None of these documents have been made public for the time being  however  it is likely the Enlarged Partial Agreement follows the precedent established by the Register of Damages  especially as regards budget which foresees contributions of its Participants and Associate Members and allows for voluntary contributions. It would be surprising if the Statute hasn’t taken cues from the Rome Statute of the ICC. Its content is especially important as it will clarify controversial issues related to immunities (see here and here) and the conduct of trials (i.e. in absentia or in person only).It is expected such a court would be established outside Ukraine  possibly the Hague or Strasbourg  and it would allow Ukraine to refer the dossiers of domestic investigations related to the crime of aggression to the Prosecutor of the Special Tribunal who could then draw on evidence accumulated within the framework of the International Centre for the Punishment of the Crime of Aggression (ICPA) to pursue prosecutions.The Pursuit of ReparationsThe establishment of a Register of Damages does little to advance justice for victims without the establishment of a corresponding Claims Commission underpinned by a Compensation Fund to provide for reparations. What is envisaged – though also not yet agreed – is that an International Claims Commission could be established to supersede the Register of Damages (see here)  inheriting and augmenting its work including facilities and resources. The EU noted the immediate priority is to take the ‘zero draft’ of the instrument setting up the Claims Commission to formal negotiations by the end of March. But how to fund reparations?Enter stage right: Frozen Russian assets!It is estimated some €274bn in Russian assets are being held in European member states  the US and elsewhere. The lion’s share of these assets  €183bn  is being held at Euroclear  a Belgian clearinghouse for financial transactions. As of last year  the interest from Russian assets is already being seized. Euroclear announced that €1.55 billion in interest accrued from Russian assets was transferred to the European Fund for Ukraine in July 2024 with a further €2 billion expected to be transferred imminently. The question of whether these assets can be seized or leveraged as a countermeasure – for instance to allow for low interest  high capital borrowing – to help rebuild Ukraine  let alone to compensate individuals directly or to fund securitisation  is a matter of significant contention  though it seems like the wind is starting to blow in this direction. Nevertheless  given that it took 26 months to reach agreement on technical aspects of a Special Tribunal  it seems unlikely the Internationals Claims Commission and Compensation Fund will be established this year (as expected by Kyiv). One question is whether any action will be taken on the establishment of a Special Tribunal for the Crime of Aggression unless and until an International Claims Commission is established.Some Words of Caution…Despite the unity amongst most European states about the need to pursue accountability  there are significant challenges ahead. Agreement on the technical process of developing a Special Tribunal for the Crime of Aggression may not translate into concrete political support to establish it. States have a multitude of potentially competing interests including stopping the war  reinforcing European defences  reducing scope for conflict with key international allies  managing political capital vis-à-vis other tragic conflicts such as Israel’s genocide in Gaza  and no less importantly  minimising consequences on their economies and costs on their taxpayers. This is the realpolitik context that must be acknowledged. All the more so as Europe braces for a broader trade war with the USA. There are risks too in terms of legitimacy and effectiveness.If a Special Tribunal only focusses on a small group of elite prosecutions  at a tremendous cost and with no guarantee of ever apprehending let alone convicting these suspects  what does this do for individual justice in Ukraine and the broader system of international criminal justice? Indeed  some may argue that the pursuit of this initiative serves only to further undermine the International Criminal Court which is under enormous duress at present. Some suggest the focus should be on massively reinforcing Ukrainian domestic criminal proceedings  and reinforcing the ICC rather than pursuing further fragmentation of the international criminal justice system.Such questions are all the more prominent now that the US Administration is pursuing an irrational  deeply protectionist and dangerous approach to international relations. Initially  the US had played an active and important role in these discussions about the Special Tribunal  but since President Trump won the election that support progressively waned. Now the US has precisely zero interest in prosecuting President Putin. This will be seen as further increasing the political and financial burden on European states to compensate for the lack of US support. But is a Europe-only  or Europe-mainly  Special Tribunal credible?Though there are no easy answers  we must maintain perspective. The integrity and long-term future of the international legal framework is of paramount importance. Short-termism will not only fail our collective duty towards Ukraine  it will ultimately come home to roost.ConclusionThe pursuit of accountability is a matter of first principles. Russia has flagrantly violated the UN Charter as well as international humanitarian law and international human rights law by invading Ukraine  targeting civilians  destroying infrastructure  displacing millions and traumatising an entire generation. These are indisputable and observable facts. Russia must bear the legal consequences for its internationally wrongful acts  including making reparation for the injury  including any damage caused by such acts. To sustain a rules-based order and the integrity of international law  the international community must pursue meaningful accountability for the crime of aggression. Indeed  if it does not  can we even speak of the existence of such a crime?When faced with a revanchist Russia and recalcitrant United States  Europe must show new leadership for age-old values. The blueprints for the Special Tribunal and International Claims Commission now exist. Sometimes taking road less travelled is what makes all the difference…,negative,0.0,0.46,0.54,mixed,0.08,0.16,0.76,True,English,"['The Road', 'Special Tribunal', 'Crime', 'Aggression', 'Ukraine', 'An Independent International Commission', 'United Nations Compensation Commission', 'The Enlarged Partial Agreement', 'Joint Investigation Team', 'residential immovable property', 'three tier approach', 'unprecedented international response', 'immediate family member', 'international compensation mechan', 'other authoritarian states', 'international law perspective', 'international humanitarian law', 'sufficient political backing', 'practical judicial experience', 'other serious violations', 'technical legal basis', 'Second World War', 'flexible cooperation mechanism', 'Human Rights Council', 'member states', 'international upheaval', 'International Centre', 'international organisations', 'Ukrainian law', 'legal tools', 'Andrew Forde', 'Adjunct Lecturer', 'Irish Centre', 'famous poem', 'Robert Frost', '14th meeting', 'Core Group', 'two years', 'decisive step', 'internationalised court', 'limited jurisdiction', 'senior political', 'military leadership', 'most responsibility', 'tiny number', 'protected people', 'Foreign Affairs', 'Russian Federation', 'war crimes', 'real challenge', 'egregious crimes', 'full-scale invasion', 'genocidal persuasion', 'existential battle', 'early attention', 'alleged violations', 'related crimes', 'enhanced role', 'institutional architecture', 'expert secretariat', 'treaty-making powers', 'depository functions', 'European Court', 'inter-governmental platform', 'Fourth Summit', 'Reykjavik Declaration', 'new raison', 'other State', 'UNGA Resolution', 'particular account', 'Ukrainian citizens', 'Peace Formula', 'first step', 'Special Tribunal', 'effective tribunal', 'future tribunal', 'The Road', 'one road', 'accountability mechanism', 'Prime Minister', 'domestic prosecutions', 'meaningful accountability', 'possible framework', 'credible option', 'key part', 'The Register', 'Russian government', 'catastrophic aggression', 'fact', 'difference', 'journey', 'fork', '21 March', 'creation', 'Ukraine', 'Tribunals', 'Nuremberg', 'Tokyo', 'proposal', 'powerful', 'Troika', 'President', 'efforts', 'discussion', 'moment', 'prospect', 'establishment', 'failure', 'perpetrator', 'piece', 'terms', 'Background', 'February', 'minds', 'level', 'parallel', 'collection', 'preservation', 'evidence', 'Eurojust', 'mandate', 'commencement', 'ICPA', 'Inquiry', 'abuses', 'Heller', 'Stendel', 'CoE', 'structure', 'dialogue', 'Heads', 'May', 'signature', 'etre', 'Damage', 'means', 'favour', 'Furtherance', 'remedy', 'reparation', 'position', 'claims', 'loss', 'injury', 'UNCC', 'residents', 'destruction', 'death', 'context', 'importance', 'justice', 'investigations', 'ends', 'preamble', '19']",2025-04-16,2025-04-17,opiniojuris.org
50132,Euroclear,Bing API,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/conditions-riksbank-auctions-government-bonds-100500824.html,CONDITIONS FOR RIKSBANK AUCTIONS GOVERNMENT BONDS,SWEDISH GOVERNMENT: 1062  SE0013935319  2031-05-12Bid date2025-04-25Bid times09.00-10.00 (CET/CEST) on the Bid dateOffered volume (corresponding nominal amount)1060: 1500 million SEK +/-1500 million S,Sveriges RiksbankBid procedure  2025-04-25 Bonds SWEDISH GOVERNMENT: 1060  SE0009496367  2028-05-12SWEDISH GOVERNMENT: 1062  SE0013935319  2031-05-12Bid date 2025-04-25 Bid times 09.00-10.00 (CET/CEST) on the Bid date Offered volume (corresponding nominal amount) 1060: 1500 million SEK +/-1500 million SEK1062: 1200 million SEK +/-1200 million SEKHighest permitted bid volume (corresponding nominal amount) 1060: 1500 million SEK per bid1062: 1200 million SEK per bidLowest permitted bid volume (corresponding nominal amount) SEK 10 million per bid Expected allocation time Not later than 10.15 (CET/CEST) on the Bid date Delivery and payment date 2025-04-29 Settlement amount To be paid to the Riksbank's account in Euroclear Sweden AB's securities settlement system SWIFT: VPCSSESSXXX Account: 1 4948 6383 CTM BIC: RIKSSESS ALERT acronym: RIKSBANKStockholm  2025-04-17This is a translation of the special terms and conditions published on www.riksbank.se. In the case of any inconsistency between the English translation and the Swedish language version  the Swedish language version shall prevail. Complete terms and conditions can be retrieved at www.riksbank.se.,neutral,0.01,0.83,0.16,neutral,0.01,0.99,0.01,True,English,"['RIKSBANK AUCTIONS GOVERNMENT BONDS', 'CONDITIONS', 'Highest permitted bid volume', 'Lowest permitted bid volume', 'Euroclear Sweden AB', 'RIKSSESS ALERT acronym', 'corresponding nominal amount', 'securities settlement system', 'Swedish language version', 'Bid date Delivery', 'Settlement amount', 'SWEDISH GOVERNMENT', 'payment date', 'Bid procedure', 'Bid times', '1500 million SEK', '1200 million SEK', 'CTM BIC', 'special terms', 'Complete terms', 'VPCSSESSXXX Account', 'English translation', 'Sveriges Riksbank', 'CEST', 'allocation', 'Stockholm', 'conditions', 'case', 'inconsistency']",2025-04-17,2025-04-17,finance.yahoo.com
50133,Deutsche Boerse,Bing API,https://markets.businessinsider.com/news/stocks/eqs-adhoc-secunet-security-networks-starts-the-2025-financial-year-significantly-better-than-in-the-previous-year-1034595333,EQS-Adhoc: secunet Security Networks starts the 2025 financial year significantly better than in the previous year,secunet Security Networks starts the 2025 financial year significantly better than in the previous year,EQS-Ad-hoc: secunet Security Networks AG / Key word(s): Quarterly / Interim Statement/Quarter Resultssecunet Security Networks starts the 2025 financial year significantly better than in the previous year17-Apr-2025 / 16:35 CET/CESTDisclosure of an inside information acc. to Article 17 MAR of the Regulation (EU) No 596/2014  transmitted by EQS News - a service of EQS Group.The issuer is solely responsible for the content of this announcement.Publication of inside information pursuant to Article 17 MARsecunet Security Networks starts the 2025 financial year significantly better than in the previous year[Essen  17 April 2025] According to preliminary calculations  secunet Security Networks AG (ISIN DE0007276503  WKN 727650)started the financial year significantly better than in the previous year. In the first quarter of 2025  preliminary Group revenue of around EUR 78.3 million were achieved. This corresponds to a significant increase of 35.9 per cent compared to prior period (EUR 57.6 million). Preliminary consolidated earnings before interest and taxes (EBIT) totaled around EUR 1.8 million  also representing a significant improvement comparedto the negative EBIT of EUR -5.6 million in Q1 2024. This corresponds to a positive EBIT margin of 2.3 per cent compared to -9.7 per cent in Q1 2024. The preliminary EBITDA margin also increased year-on-year from -2.6 per cent to 8.4 per cent. The high level of sales revenue is due to orders already placed at the end of the previous year and delivered in the first quarter of 2025 in the segment Public Sector.Based on the positive start to the year  the Management Board confirms the forecast for 2025 with expected Group revenue of around EUR 425 million  an EBIT margin between 9.5 and 11.5 per cent and an EBITDA margin between 14.5 and 16.5 per cent.The full results for the first quarter of 2025 will be published as planned on 13 May 2025 and then be available for download at https://www.secunet.com/en/about-us/investors/financial-newssecunet will also hold an online analyst conference.ContaktStephanie KniepDirector Investor RelationsTel: +49 201 5454-3426E-Mail: investor.relations@secunet.comsecunet Security Networks AGKurfürstenstraße 5845138 Essenhttps://www.secunet.comISIN: DE0007276503WKN: 727650Listed: SDAX in Frankfurt (Prime Standard); Regulated Unofficial Market in Berlin  Bremen  Düsseldorf  Hamburg  Hanover  Munich and Stuttgartsecunet - Protection for digital infrastructuressecunet is Germany's leading cybersecurity company. In an increasingly networked world  the company uses a combination of products and consulting to ensure resilient digital infrastructures and the highest possible level of protection for data  applications and digital identities. secunet specialises in areas where there are particular security requirements - such as cloud  IIoT  eGovernment and eHealth. With secunet's security solutions  companies can comply with the highest security standards in digitalisation projects and thus drive their digital transformation forward.Over 1 000 experts strengthen the digital sovereignty of governments  companies and society. Its clients include federal ministries  more than 20 DAX-listed companies and other national and international organisations. The company was founded in 1997. It is listed in the SDAXof Deutsche Börse and generated revenue of around 406 million euros in 2024.secunet is an IT security partner of the Federal Republic of Germany and a partner of the Alliance for Cyber Security.Further information can be found at www.secunet.comDisclaimerThis release contains forward-looking statements. Forward-looking statements are statements that are not historical facts; they include statements about our beliefs and expectations. Any statement in this release that expresses our intentions  beliefs  expectations or projections (and the assumptions underlying them) is a forward-looking statement. These statements are based on plans  estimates and forecasts that are currently available to the management of secunet Security Networks AG. Forward-looking statements therefore relate only to the date on which they are made. We assume no obligation to update such statements in the light of new information about future events.,positive,0.86,0.14,0.0,mixed,0.61,0.12,0.27,True,English,"['secunet Security Networks', '2025 financial year', 'previous year', 'EQS-Adhoc', 'Stephanie Kniep Director Investor Relations', 'secunet Security Networks AG', 'particular security requirements', 'highest security standards', 'Key word(s', 'online analyst conference', 'Kurfürstenstraße', 'Regulated Unofficial Market', 'Deutsche Börse', 'Preliminary consolidated earnings', 'highest possible level', 'IT security partner', 'preliminary EBITDA margin', 'resilient digital infrastructures', 'leading cybersecurity company', 'preliminary Group revenue', 'positive EBIT margin', 'security solutions', 'Cyber Security', 'preliminary calculations', 'high level', 'positive start', 'EQS Group', 'digital identities', 'digital transformation', 'digital sovereignty', 'Quarter Results', 'inside information', 'EU) No', 'EQS News', 'first quarter', 'significant increase', '35.9 per cent', 'prior period', 'significant improvement', 'negative EBIT', '2.3 per cent', '9.7 per cent', '2.6 per cent', '8.4 per cent', 'sales revenue', 'Public Sector', '11.5 per cent', '16.5 per cent', 'full results', 'Prime Standard', 'Düsseldorf', 'digitalisation projects', 'federal ministries', 'other national', 'international organisations', '406 million euros', 'Federal Republic', 'Further information', 'historical facts', 'new information', 'future events', '2025 financial year', 'previous year', 'Interim Statement', 'looking statement', 'Management Board', '20 DAX-listed companies', 'Article 17 MAR', 'statements', 'EQS-Ad', 'hoc', 'Quarterly', 'CEST', 'Disclosure', 'Regulation', 'service', 'issuer', 'content', 'announcement', 'Publication', 'Essen', '17 April', 'ISIN', 'WKN', 'interest', 'taxes', 'Q1', 'orders', 'end', 'segment', 'forecast', '13 May', 'download', 'investors', 'financial-news', 'Contakt', 'SDAX', 'Frankfurt', 'Berlin', 'Bremen', 'Hamburg', 'Hanover', 'Munich', 'Stuttgart', 'Protection', 'Germany', 'world', 'combination', 'products', 'consulting', 'data', 'applications', 'areas', 'cloud', 'IIoT', 'eGovernment', 'eHealth', '1,000 experts', 'governments', 'society', 'clients', 'Alliance', 'Disclaimer', 'release', 'forward', 'beliefs', 'expectations', 'intentions', 'projections', 'assumptions', 'plans', 'estimates', 'obligation', 'light', '9.5', '14.5']",2025-04-17,2025-04-17,markets.businessinsider.com
50134,Deutsche Boerse,Bing API,https://markets.businessinsider.com/news/stocks/eqs-news-hypoport-se-business-volume-in-private-real-estate-financing-continues-to-rise-in-q1-2025-1034593148,EQS-News: Hypoport SE: Business volume in private real estate financing continues to rise in Q1 2025,Hypoport SE: Business volume in private real estate financing continues to rise in Q1 2025 Europace transaction volume for mortgages increased by over 30% year-on-year in Q1 2025. Cooperative banks experienced a significant increase of 46% year-on-year  while savings banks recorded a rise of 33% year-on-year.,EQS-News: Hypoport SE / Key word(s): Market ReportHypoport SE: Business volume in private real estate financing continues to rise in Q1 202517.04.2025 / 07:10 CET/CESTThe issuer is solely responsible for the content of this announcement.Operational key figures for Q1 2025Hypoport SE: Business volume in private real estate financing continues to rise in Q1 2025Europace transaction volume for mortgages increased by over 30% year-on-year in Q1 2025.Cooperative banks experienced a significant increase of 46% year-on-year  while savings banks recorded a rise of 33% year-on-year.Sales volume for Dr. Klein Private Clients grew by 31% year-on-year.The brokerage volume on the Dr. Klein Wowi financing platform started with a very weak market environment in 2025.The dynamics of customer acquisition on the property management platform continued at a high level.Berlin  April 17  2025: The operational figures for the business models of the Hypoport Group in mortgage (Real Estate & Mortgage Platforms segment) showed very positive development in the first quarter of 2025. However  the figures of the Financing Platforms segment presented a mixed picture.Due to an improved market environment and market share gains  the volume of the platforms Europace  Finmas  and Genopace rose significantly by approximately 34% year-on-year. The volume of Dr. Klein Private Clients also developed strongly  increasing by 31%. In particular  the loan volume for the purchase of existing properties grew disproportionately. This is also a consequence of a steadily deteriorating rental market  which has become increasingly unattractive or inaccessible for a growing portion of the population. The abrupt rise in interest rates by around 30 basis points in early March –triggered by the announcement of the German debt package – led previously hesitant consumers to make more transactions  further boosting the volume. Due to the U.S. foreign economic policy  interest rates for mortgages have nearly returned to the level of late February. The credit volume for new construction is slightly increasing from a very low base  despite ongoing strong regulation and resulting high construction costs. Loan uptake for refinancing (maturing interest locks) and for energy-efficient renovations by existing owners remains low.The relevant credit demand for Dr. Klein Wowi in the residential sector for new rental housing construction and energy-efficient renovations declined significantly again  despite already weak volume in 2024  while market share gains on the residential management platform Dr. Klein Wowi Digital accelerated even further compared to 2024.You can find the detailed development of the key figures for all three segments in the table below.(€ billion) Q1/25 Q1/24 change Real Estate & Mortgage Platforms segment Mortgage transaction volume* on Europace 20.26 15.13 +34% of which mortgage transaction volume on Finmas 3.03 2.28 +33% of which mortgage transaction volume on Genopace 5.23 3.58 +46% Average fixed-interest period for mortgages (in years) 10.87 11.16 -3% Building finance transaction volume* on Europace 1.77 1.62 +9% Volume of mortgages brokered* by Dr. Klein Privatkunden 2.15 1.65 +31% Value of the residential properties inspected and appraised by VALUE AG 9.11 7.91 +15% Financing Platforms segment Volume of new loans brokered on the property financing platform by Dr. Klein Wowi 0.25 0.33 -29% Number of flats managed through WoWi Digital (‘000) 532.9 313.1 +70% Volume of personal loan transactions* on Europace 1.85 1.81 +2% Volume of corporate finance projects at REM Capital (‘Bill’) 0.39 0.25 +59% Insurance Platforms segment 31.03.2025 31.03.2024 change Volume of policies migrated to SMART INSUR (annual net premiums) 4.81 4.28 +12% Volume of policies migrated to SMART INSUR and validated (annual net premiums) 1.91 1.54 +24% Volume of policies managed on ePension (annual net premiums) 0.28 0.24 +18%* All figures on the volume of financial products processed (mortgage finance  building finance (‘Bausparen’) and personal loans) are stated before cancellations and  consequently  cannot be compared directly with the revenue figures shown  which exclude subsequent cancellations. Neither the revenue nor the earnings generated by Hypoport can be directly extrapolated from the transaction figures given above.About Hypoport SEHypoport SE is headquartered in Lübeck (Germany) and is the parent company of the Hypoport Group. The Group is a network of technology companies for the credit  housing and insurance industries with a workforce of more than 2 000 employees. It is structured in three operating segments: Real Estate & Mortgage Platforms  Insurance Platforms and Financing Platforms.The Real Estate & Mortgage Platforms segment operates Europace  which is an online B2B lending marketplace and the largest German platform offering mortgage finance. A fully integrated system links approximately 800 partners – banks  building finance associations  insurers and financial product distributors. Besides Europace  the joint ventures Finmas (Savings Banks Finance Group)  Genopace (Cooperative Financial Network)  Starpool (Deutsche Bank) and Baufinex (Bausparkasse Schwäbisch Hall) support the growth of the credit marketplace in various target groups. Dr. Klein  the largest franchise system for non-captive mortgage finance advice for consumers  is also assigned to this segment. Moreover  the Qualitypool brokerage pool  the FIO property sales platform for bank-affiliated estate agents and the Value AG property valuation platform are a key part of the value chain for homebuyers.The Financing Platforms segment comprises all technology and advisory companies in the Hypoport Group that cover finance products other than mortgage finance. It has a particular focus on finance for the housing industry (Dr. Klein WoWi and FIO Finance)  corporate finance (REM Capital) and personal loans (Europace).In the Insurance Platforms segment  Smart Insur provides a web-based B2B platform for insurance products with variable pricing for private individuals and small businesses  supported by the Qualitypool brokerage pool and the underwriter Sia. The segment also includes ePension  a platform for occupational insurance products  and Corify  a platform for the tendering and management of industrial insurance policies.The shares of Hypoport SE are listed in the Prime Standard segment of the Frankfurt Stock Exchange (Deutsche Börse) and have been included in the SDAX or MDAX indices since 2015.Contact:Jan H. PahlHead of Investor Relations // IROTel: +49 (0)30 42086 1942Mobile: +49 (0)176 9651 2519Email: ir@hypoport.deHypoport SEHeidestrasse 810557 Berlin  Germanywww.hypoport.com2025 financial calendar:10 March 2025: preliminary results FY 202424 March 2025: Anual report 202412 May 2025: Q1 results 202511 August 2025: Q2 results 202510 November 2025: Q3 results 2025,neutral,0.01,0.98,0.0,mixed,0.12,0.13,0.75,True,English,"['private real estate financing', 'Hypoport SE', 'Business volume', 'EQS-News', 'Q1', 'U.S. foreign economic policy', 'Dr. Klein Wowi financing platform', 'online B2B lending marketplace', 'Dr. Klein Private Clients', 'Dr. Klein Wowi Digital', 'private real estate financing', 'new rental housing construction', 'Dr. Klein Privatkunden', 'Building finance transaction volume', 'property financing platform', 'property management platform', 'largest German platform', 'German debt package', 'ongoing strong regulation', 'Average fixed-interest period', 'annual net premiums', 'Financing Platforms segment', 'residential management platform', 'market share gains', 'high construction costs', 'corporate finance projects', 'financial product distributors', 'maturing interest locks', 'relevant credit demand', 'The Real Estate', 'Q1/25 Q1/24 change', 'three operating segments', 'Mortgage Platforms segment', 'Insurance Platforms segment', 'weak market environment', 'Mortgage transaction volume', 'Operational key figures', 'personal loan transactions', 'Europace transaction volume', 'new construction', 'rental market', 'credit, housing', 'three segments', 'mortgage finance', 'transaction figures', 'new loans', 'Market Report', 'financial products', 'personal loans', 'The Group', 'finance associations', 'operational figures', 'interest rates', 'Loan uptake', 'residential sector', 'residential properties', 'insurance industries', 'weak volume', 'loan volume', 'credit volume', 'significant increase', 'customer acquisition', 'high level', 'business models', 'positive development', 'first quarter', 'mixed picture', 'existing properties', 'growing portion', '30 basis points', 'early March', 'hesitant consumers', 'late February', 'low base', 'energy-efficient renovations', 'existing owners', 'detailed development', 'REM Capital', 'SMART INSUR', 'Lübeck', 'parent company', 'technology companies', 'integrated system', 'joint ventures', 'Hypoport SE', 'Hypoport Group', 'Business volume', 'Sales volume', 'brokerage volume', 'Cooperative banks', 'savings banks', 'abrupt rise', 'VALUE AG', 'subsequent cancellations', 'revenue figures', 'EQS-News', 'CEST', 'issuer', 'content', 'announcement', 'mortgages', 'year', 'dynamics', 'Berlin', 'Finmas', 'Genopace', 'purchase', 'consequence', 'population', 'refinancing', 'table', 'Number', 'flats', 'Bill', 'policies', 'ePension', 'Bausparen', 'earnings', 'Germany', 'network', 'workforce', '2,000 employees', '800 partners', 'insurers', '07', '33']",2025-04-17,2025-04-17,markets.businessinsider.com
50135,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2025/04/16/3062256/0/en/Ipsen-delivers-strong-sales-in-the-first-quarter-2025-and-confirms-its-full-year-guidance.html,Ipsen delivers strong sales in the first quarter 2025 and confirms its full-year guidance,PARIS  FRANCE  16 April 2025 - Ipsen (Euronext: IPN; ADR: IPSEY)  a global specialty-care biopharmaceutical company  today presents sales for the first quarter of 2025.,Total sales growth of 11.6% at CER 1   or 11.7% as reported  driven by all three therapeutic areas and including an increasing contribution from Iqirvo and Bylvay.  or 11.7% as reported  driven by all three therapeutic areas and including an increasing contribution from Iqirvo and Bylvay. Tovorafenib regulatory submission to EMA 2 for pediatric low-grade glioma.for pediatric low-grade glioma. Confirmation of full-year 2025 financial guidance.PARIS  FRANCE  16 April 2025 - Ipsen (Euronext: IPN; ADR: IPSEY)  a global specialty-care biopharmaceutical company  today presents sales for the first quarter of 2025.Q1 2025 % change % change €m Actual CER1 Oncology 655.0 8.5% 8.0% Neuroscience 193.5 8.0% 9.6% Rare Disease 70.3 78.4% 74.6% Total Sales 918.8 11.7% 11.6%“Ipsen has delivered a strong start to 2025  building further momentum in the transformation of our company ” commented David Loew  Chief Executive Officer  Ipsen. “We continued to execute on our strategy with strong top-line growth and pipeline progression. I am pleased to see the rapid build-up of our Rare Cholestatic Liver disease franchise with two innovate medicines for five indications. 2025 is set to be an important year for Ipsen  with multiple launches underway and several milestones expected across our portfolio.”Full-year guidanceIpsen is confirming financial guidance for full-year 2025:Total sales growth greater than 5.0%  at constant currency. Based on the average level of exchange rates in March 2025  a limited effect on total sales from currencies is expected.Core operating margin greater than 30.0% of total sales  which includes additional R&D expenses from anticipated early and mid-stage external-innovation opportunities.Guidance includes expected negative impact on Somatuline sales due to increased generic competition in the U.S. and Europe. It excludes any impact from potential late-stage (Phase III clinical development or later) business development transactions.Upcoming MilestonesIpsen anticipates several key milestones across its portfolio in 2025  including:Cabometyx (CABINET trial) – Regulatory decision in the European Union for advanced pancreatic (pNETs) and extra-pancreatic (epNETs) neuroendocrine tumors (NETs).fidrisertib (FALKON trial) – Readout of the pivotal Phase IIb trial in fibrodysplasia ossificans progressiva (FOP).LANT3 (LANTIC trial) – Proof-of-concept data readout  evaluating its potential in aesthetics.Q1 pipeline progressThe regulatory filing for tovorafenib was accepted by EMA for review in the European Union  marking an important step forward in the development of this potential treatment for pediatric low-grade glioma and reinforcing Ipsen’s commitment to innovation in rare and difficult-to-treat cancers.Ipsen also initiated the entry in Phase I of IPN01195  a RAF inhibitor  complementing IPN01194  an ERK inhibitor  and tovorafenib  two other assets targeting the MAPK pathway.Group refinancingIpsen announced on March 19th the successful completion of its inaugural Rated Public Bond of €500 million with a coupon of 3.875%  maturing in March 2032. Following the disclosure of the Investment Grade ratings from S&P and Moody’s  this transaction was very well received and largely oversubscribed by a diversified and solid institutional investor base. This transaction is an important component of Ipsen’s refinancing plan which included the successful renewal of €1 5 billion syndicated Revolving Credit Facility  extending Ipsen’s debt maturity profile.Conference callA conference call and webcast for investors and analysts will begin today at 2pm CET. Participants can access the call and its details by registering here ; webcast details can be found here .CalendarIpsen intends to publish its half-year results on July 31st  2025.NotesAll financial figures are in € millions (€m). The performance shown covers the three-month period to 31 March 2025 (Q1 2025  the quarter)  compared to the three-month period to 31 March 2024 (Q1 2024)  unless stated otherwise.About IpsenWe are a global biopharmaceutical company with a focus on bringing transformative medicines to patients in three therapeutic areas: Oncology  Rare Disease and Neuroscience.Our pipeline is fueled by internal and external innovation and supported by nearly 100 years of development experience and global hubs in the U.S.  France and the U.K. Our teams in more than 40 countries and our partnerships around the world enable us to bring medicines to patients in more than 100 countries.Ipsen is listed in Paris (Euronext: IPN) and in the U.S. through a Sponsored Level I American Depositary Receipt program (ADR: IPSEY). For more information  visit ipsen.com .Ipsen contactsInvestorsKhalid Deojee +33 6 69 09 12 96MediaSally Bain +1 857 320 0517Anne Liontas +33 7 67 34 72 96Disclaimers and/or forward-looking statementsThe forward-looking statements  objectives and targets contained herein are based on Ipsen’s management strategy  current views and assumptions. Such statements involve known and unknown risks and uncertainties that may cause actual results  performance or events to differ materially from those anticipated herein. All of the above risks could affect Ipsen’s future ability to achieve its financial targets  which were set assuming reasonable macroeconomic conditions based on the information available today. Use of the words ‘believes’  ‘anticipates’ and ‘expects’ and similar expressions are intended to identify forward-looking statements  including Ipsen’s expectations regarding future events  including regulatory filings and determinations. Moreover  the targets described in this document were prepared without taking into account external-growth assumptions and potential future acquisitions  which may alter these parameters. These objectives are based on data and assumptions regarded as reasonable by Ipsen. These targets depend on conditions or facts likely to happen in the future  and not exclusively on historical data. Actual results may depart significantly from these targets given the occurrence of certain risks and uncertainties  notably the fact that a promising medicine in early development phase or clinical trial may end up never being launched on the market or reaching its commercial targets  notably for regulatory or competition reasons. Ipsen must face or might face competition from generic medicine that might translate into a loss of market share. Furthermore  the research and development process involves several stages each of which involves the substantial risk that Ipsen may fail to achieve its objectives and be forced to abandon its efforts with regards to a medicine in which it has invested significant sums. Therefore  Ipsen cannot be certain that favorable results obtained during preclinical trials will be confirmed subsequently during clinical trials  or that the results of clinical trials will be sufficient to demonstrate the safe and effective nature of the medicine concerned. There can be no guarantees a medicine will receive the necessary regulatory approvals or that the medicine will prove to be commercially successful. If underlying assumptions prove inaccurate or risks or uncertainties materialize  actual results may differ materially from those set forth in the forward-looking statements. Other risks and uncertainties include but are not limited to  general industry conditions and competition; general economic factors  including interest rate and currency exchange rate fluctuations; the impact of pharmaceutical industry regulation and healthcare legislation; global trends toward healthcare cost containment; technological advances  new medicine and patents attained by competitors; challenges inherent in new-medicine development  including obtaining regulatory approval; Ipsen’s ability to accurately predict future market conditions; manufacturing difficulties or delays; financial instability of international economies and sovereign risk; dependence on the effectiveness of Ipsen’s patents and other protections for innovative medicines; and the exposure to litigation  including patent litigation  and/or regulatory actions. Ipsen also depends on third parties to develop and market some of its medicines which could potentially generate substantial royalties; these partners could behave in such ways which could cause damage to Ipsen’s activities and financial results. Ipsen cannot be certain that its partners will fulfil their obligations. It might be unable to obtain any benefit from those agreements. A default by any of Ipsen’s partners could generate lower revenues than expected. Such situations could have a negative impact on Ipsen’s business  financial position or performance. Ipsen expressly disclaims any obligation or undertaking to update or revise any forward-looking statements  targets or estimates contained in this press release to reflect any change in events  conditions  assumptions or circumstances on which any such statements are based  unless so required by applicable law. Ipsen’s business is subject to the risk factors outlined in its registration documents filed with the French Autorité des Marchés Financiers. The risks and uncertainties set out are not exhaustive and the reader is advised to refer to Ipsen’s latest Universal Registration Document  available on ipsen.com .1 At constant exchange rates (CER)  which exclude any foreign-exchange impact by recalculating the performance for the relevant period by applying the exchange rates used for the prior period.2 EMA: European Medicines Agency3 Long-acting neurotoxinAttachment,neutral,0.19,0.81,0.0,mixed,0.64,0.09,0.27,True,English,"['strong sales', 'first quarter', 'full-year guidance', 'Ipsen', 'Sponsored Level I American Depositary Receipt program', 'Rare Cholestatic Liver disease franchise', 'additional R&D expenses', 'extra-pancreatic (epNETs) neuroendocrine tumors', 'inaugural Rated Public Bond', 'solid institutional investor base', 'later) business development transactions', 'Phase III clinical development', 'pivotal Phase IIb trial', 'global specialty-care biopharmaceutical company', 'global biopharmaceutical company', 'three therapeutic areas', 'pediatric low-grade glioma', 'Chief Executive Officer', 'Core operating margin', 'mid-stage external-innovation opportunities', 'fibrodysplasia ossificans progressiva', 'two other assets', 'Investment Grade ratings', 'Revolving Credit Facility', 'debt maturity profile', 'strong top-line growth', 'Actual CER1 Oncology', 'two innovate medicines', 'concept data readout', 'several key milestones', 'Total sales growth', 'Tovorafenib regulatory submission', 'Q1 pipeline progress', 'average level', 'full-year 2025 financial guidance', 'Rare Disease', 'global hubs', 'several milestones', 'development experience', 'strong start', 'CABINET trial', 'FALKON trial', 'LANTIC trial', 'Upcoming Milestones', 'Regulatory decision', 'regulatory filing', 'financial figures', 'Somatuline sales', 'increasing contribution', 'David Loew', 'pipeline progression', 'rapid build-up', 'five indications', 'important year', 'multiple launches', 'Full-year guidance', 'constant currency', 'exchange rates', 'limited effect', 'generic competition', 'U.S.', 'European Union', 'advanced pancreatic', 'important step', 'RAF inhibitor', 'ERK inhibitor', 'MAPK pathway', 'Group refinancing', 'successful completion', 'S&P', 'important component', 'refinancing plan', 'successful renewal', '€1,5 billion syndicated', 'half-year results', 'July 31st', 'three-month period', 'transformative medicines', 'U.K.', 'Khalid Deojee', 'Sally Bain', 'Anne Liontas', 'forward-looking statements', 'current views', 'Such statements', 'potential late-stage', 'potential treatment', 'Conference call', 'first quarter', 'negative impact', 'external innovation', 'management strategy', 'Ipsen contacts', 'webcast details', 'Iqirvo', 'Bylvay', 'EMA', 'Confirmation', 'PARIS', 'FRANCE', '16 April', 'Euronext', 'IPN', 'ADR', 'IPSEY', 'Neuroscience', 'momentum', 'transformation', 'portfolio', 'March', 'currencies', 'early', 'Cabometyx', 'fidrisertib', 'FOP', 'LANT3', 'aesthetics', 'review', 'commitment', 'difficult', 'cancers', 'entry', 'coupon', 'disclosure', 'Moody', 'diversified', 'investors', 'analysts', '2pm', 'Participants', 'Calendar', 'Notes', 'performance', 'focus', 'patients', 'internal', '100 years', 'teams', '40 countries', 'partnerships', 'world', '100 countries', 'information', 'Media', 'Disclaimers', 'objectives', 'targets', 'assumptions', '3.']",2025-04-16,2025-04-17,globenewswire.com
50136,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2025/04/16/3062278/0/en/Heineken-N-V-reports-on-2025-first-quarter-trading.html,Heineken N.V. reports on 2025 first quarter trading,Heineken N.V. reports on 2025 first quarter trading   Amsterdam  16 April 2025 – Heineken N.V. (EURONEXT: HEIA; OTCQX: HEINY) announces   First quarter......,"Heineken N.V. reports on 2025 first quarter tradingAmsterdam  16 April 2025 – Heineken N.V. (EURONEXT: HEIA; OTCQX: HEINY) announcesFirst quarter performance as anticipated  full year outlook unchangedKey HighlightsRevenue €7 784 million  decreasing 4.9%Net revenue (beia) organic growth up 0.9%; per hectolitre increasing 3.3%Beer volume organic decrease of 2.1%Premium beer volume organic growth of 1.8%; Heineken ® volume growth of 4.6%volume growth of 4.6% Outlook for the full year unchanged; operating profit (beia) expected to grow organically 4% to 8%CEO StatementDolf van den Brink  Chairman of the Executive Board / CEO  commented:""In the first quarter  we delivered a 0.9% organic increase in net revenue. As anticipated  primarily due to calendar-related factors  organic beer volume declined by 2.1%. Despite volatile consumer and geopolitical trends  we are performing within the range of expectations.Our EverGreen strategy continues to shape the business. We maintained the delivery of high quality growth  with premium beer volume growing by 1.8% and Heineken® volume up by 4.6%  outpacing overall volume growth. Vietnam  India  and Ethiopia delivered promising volume growth  benefitting from the strategic actions taken. The strength of our brand portfolio keeps improving  as shown across markets like Brazil and China. We are increasing our marketing and selling investments to further unlock the biggest opportunities. Furthermore  we are firmly on track to achieve our €0.4 billion gross savings target for 2025.As the year progresses  we will be navigating a macroeconomic environment increasingly in flux  requiring us to stay agile and proactively adapt to changing circumstances. Considering the current conditions  we confirm our full year outlook to organically grow operating profit (beia) by 4% to 8%. This reflects our adaptability  whilst standing by our commitment to invest in growth and future-proofing our business.""EnquiriesMedia Investors Christiaan Prins Tristan van Strien Director of Global Communication Global Director of Investor Relations Marlie Paauw Lennart Scholtus / Chris Steyn Corporate Communications Lead Investor Relations Manager / Senior Analyst E-mail: pressoffice@heineken.com E-mail: investors@heineken.com Tel: +31-612200009 Tel: +31-20-5239590Conference Call DetailsHEINEKEN will host an analyst and investor conference call with Harold van den Broek  Chief Financial Officer  in relation to its First Quarter 2025 Trading Update on 16 April at 14:00 CET/13:00 GMT. The call will be audio cast live via the company’s website: www.theheinekencompany.com . An audio replay service will also be made available after the conference call at the above web address. Analysts and investors can dial-in using the following telephone numbers:United Kingdom: +44 203 936 2999Netherlands: +31 85 888 7233United States: +1 646 664 1960All other locations: +44 203 936 2999For the full list of dial in numbers  please refer to the following link: Global Dial-In NumbersParticipation password for all countries: 522422Attachment",neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,mixed,0.65,0.2,0.16,True,English,"['Heineken N.V.', '2025 first quarter trading', 'Chris Steyn Corporate Communications Lead Investor Relations Manager', 'Media Investors Christiaan Prins Tristan van Strien Director', 'Dolf van den Brink', 'Global Communication Global Director', 'Harold van den Broek', 'Premium beer volume organic growth', '€0.4 billion gross savings target', 'Marlie Paauw Lennart Scholtus', 'Beer volume organic decrease', 'First Quarter 2025 Trading Update', 'organic beer volume', '2025 first quarter trading', 'investor conference call', 'First quarter performance', 'Chief Financial Officer', 'audio replay service', 'Global Dial-In Numbers', 'overall volume growth', 'promising volume growth', 'high quality growth', 'Heineken N.V.', 'Senior Analyst E', 'Conference Call Details', 'Heineken ® volume growth', 'following telephone numbers', 'full year outlook', '0.9% organic increase', 'Heineken® volume', 'full list', 'following link', 'Key Highlights', 'operating profit', 'Executive Board', 'calendar-related factors', 'volatile consumer', 'geopolitical trends', 'EverGreen strategy', 'strategic actions', 'brand portfolio', 'selling investments', 'biggest opportunities', 'macroeconomic environment', 'changing circumstances', 'current conditions', 'web address', 'United Kingdom', 'United States', 'other locations', 'Participation password', 'Net revenue', 'CEO Statement', '4.6% Outlook', 'Amsterdam', '16 April', 'EURONEXT', 'HEIA', 'OTCQX', 'HEINY', 'beia', 'hectolitre', 'Chairman', 'range', 'expectations', 'business', 'delivery', 'Vietnam', 'India', 'Ethiopia', 'strength', 'markets', 'Brazil', 'China', 'marketing', 'track', 'flux', 'adaptability', 'commitment', 'future', 'Enquiries', '14:00 CET', '00 GMT', 'company', 'website', 'Analysts', 'Netherlands', 'countries', 'Attachment']",2025-04-16,2025-04-17,globenewswire.com
50137,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2025/04/16/3062284/0/en/Heineken-Holding-N-V-reports-on-2025-first-quarter-trading.html,Heineken Holding N.V. reports on 2025 first quarter trading,Heineken Holding N.V. reports on 2025 first quarter trading  Amsterdam  16 April 2025 – Heineken Holding N.V. (EURONEXT: HEIO; OTCQX: HKHHY) announces ......,Heineken Holding N.V. reports on 2025 first quarter tradingAmsterdam  16 April 2025 – Heineken Holding N.V. (EURONEXT: HEIO; OTCQX: HKHHY) announcesFirst quarter performance as anticipated  full year outlook unchangedKey HighlightsRevenue €7 784 million  decreasing 4.9%Net revenue (beia) organic growth up 0.9%; per hectolitre increasing 3.3%Beer volume organic decrease of 2.1%Premium beer volume organic growth of 1.8%; Heineken ® volume growth of 4.6%volume growth of 4.6% Outlook for the full year unchanged; operating profit (beia) expected to grow organically 4% to 8%Heineken Holding N.V. engages in no activities other than its participating interest in Heineken N.V. and the management or supervision of and provision of services to that company.Financial SummaryThroughout this report figures refer to quarterly performance unless otherwise indicated.Revenue in the first quarter was €7.8 billion. Net revenue (beia) increased organically by 0.9%  with net revenue (beia) per hectolitre up by 3.3%. Total consolidated volume decreased by 2.4%. Price-mix on a constant geographic basis increased 4.1%  led by pricing to mitigate inflationary pressures and portfolio premiumisation.Currency translation negatively impacted net revenue (beia) by €345 million  mainly caused by the strengthening of the Euro. The main impacts were related to the Mexican Peso  Brazilian Real  and the Ethiopian Birr. Consolidation changes reduced net revenue (beia) by €16 million.In HEINEKEN's business-to-business digital (eB2B) platforms  HEINEKEN captured €3.1 billion in gross merchandise value  an organic increase of 16% versus last year. HEINEKEN is now connecting 686 thousand active customers in fragmented  traditional channels.IFRS Measures € million Total growthBEIA Measures1 € million Organic growth Revenue 7 784 -4.9%Revenue (beia) 7 788 -0.3% Net revenue 6 542 -4.5%Net revenue (beia) 6 544 0.9%1. Consolidated figures are used throughout this report  unless otherwise stated. Please refer to the Glossary for an explanation of non-GAAP measures and other terms. Page 3 includes a reconciliation versus IFRS metrics. These non-GAAP measures are included in internal management reports that are reviewed by the Executive Board of Heineken N.V.  as management believes that this measurement is the most relevant in evaluating the results and in performance management.Beer volume decreased organically by 2.1%  primarily due to the calendar timing impact of a later Easter  the loss of an extra selling day compared to the leap year 2024  and the earlier timing of Tết. The later Easter had a greater impact in the Americas and Europe regions. This was partially offset by the growth in the Asia Pacific and Africa & Middle East regions. Overall  HEINEKEN is gaining or holding volume market share in more than half of its markets year to date.Beer volume(in mhl or %)1Q241Q25Organic growth Heineken N.V.55.454.1-2.1%Premium beer volume increased organically by 1.8% outperforming the total beer portfolio  led by Vietnam  India  Nigeria  Romania  and Brazil. Premiumisation was led by Heineken®  along with double-digit growth of Kingfisher Ultra in India and HEINEKEN's stout portfolio of Legend in Nigeria and Murphy's in the UK.Heineken® continued its favourable momentum and grew volume by 4.6%  with double-digit growth in 25 markets including Vietnam  China  and Nigeria. Heineken® 0.0 declined by a low-single-digit  as solid growth in the USA was more than offset by a slight decline in markets impacted by the timing of Easter and the phasing of orders to some key export markets. Heineken® Silver grew in the thirties  with continued strong growth in Vietnam and China.Heineken® volume(in mhl or %)1Q241Q25Organic growth Heineken N.V.13.814.44.6%Mainstream beer volume remained stable in the quarter  with key brands in major markets delivering strong growth. Larue led HEINEKEN's rapid mainstream category expansion in Vietnam  while Kingfisher solidified its position as India's leading brand. In the UK  Cruzcampo continued its strong growth despite a high comparison base. Amstel experienced solid growth  led by continued success in Brazil. In China  where Amstel is positioned as an affordable premium brand  it has achieved significant market presence  more than doubling its volume in the quarter.OutlookHEINEKEN anticipates ongoing macroeconomic volatility that may impact HEINEKEN's consumers  including weak sentiment  global inflationary pressures  and currency devaluations in relation to a stronger Euro. Additionally  there are broader uncertainties  including recent tariff adjustments and potential increases  as we go forward.To navigate this fluctuating environment  HEINEKEN remains agile in its allocation of capital and resources. With over 95% of HEINEKEN's volume locally produced  HEINEKEN's brewery footprint is advantageous. HEINEKEN is also advancing on its productivity initiatives  supporting HEINEKEN's ability to deliver solid operational and financial results in these volatile times. HEINEKEN does this while enabling continued investment to unlock further growth focused on HEINEKEN's biggest brands in the markets with the greatest opportunities.Based on HEINEKEN's current assessment of risks and its ability to adapt  HEINEKEN confirms the key financial indicators of its 2025 guidance  including HEINEKEN's full-year expectations of 4% to 8% organic growth in operating profit (beia).Translational Currency Calculated ImpactBased on the impact to date  and applying spot rates of 14 April 2025 to the 2024 financial results as a baseline for the remainder of the year  the calculated negative translational impact for the full year would be approximately €1 720 million in net revenue (beia)  €320 million at operating profit (beia)  and €180 million at net profit (beia).Share Buyback Programme Heineken Holding N.V.As per our full year 2024 announcement on 12 February and subsequent press release on 13 February  we have commenced the implementation of the two-year programme to repurchase own shares for an aggregate amount of €750 million. The first tranche of €375 million is expected to be completed no later than 30 January 2026.Up to and including 11 April 2025  a total of 556 151 shares were repurchased under the share buyback programme for a total consideration of €37 678 728.Reconciliation of non-GAAP measuresIn internal managerial reports  HEINEKEN uses the metrics net revenue (beia) and net revenue (beia) organic growth.These tables contain a reconciliation between IFRS reported and certain Non-GAAP measures1 1Q23 Reported Total growth % Eia2 Beia Currency translation Consolidation impact Organic Growth Organic Growth % Revenue 7 632 9.2% -1 7 631 89 12 540 7.7% Excise tax expense -1 253 -1.3% — -1 253 14 -3 -28 -2.3% Net revenue 6 379 10.9% -1 6 378 103 10 512 8.9%1Q24 Reported Total growth % Eia2 Beia Currency translation Consolidation impact Organic Growth Organic Growth % Revenue 8 184 7.2% — 8 184 -328 209 672 8.8% Excise tax expense -1 337 -6.7% — -1 337 34 -45 -73 -5.8% Net revenue 6 847 7.3% — 6 847 -294 164 599 9.4%1Q25 Reported Total growth % Eia2 Beia Currency translation Consolidation impact Organic Growth Organic Growth % Revenue 7 784 -4.9% 3 7 788 -353 -16 -27 -0.3% Excise tax expense -1 242 7.1% -1 -1 243 8 — 85 6.4% Net revenue 6 542 -4.5% 2 6 544 -345 -16 59 0.9%Due to rounding  this table will not always cast. HEINEKEN applies hyperinflation accounting in Ethiopia and Haiti. All metrics in the income statement are restated to reflect the inflation level as per the reporting date. These impacts are recorded as exceptional items.EnquiriesMedia Heineken Holding N.V.Kees Jongsmatel. +31 6 54 79 82 53E-mail: cjongsma@spj.nlMedia Heineken N.V. Investors Christiaan Prins Tristan van Strien Director of Global Communication Global Director of Investor Relations Marlie Paauw Lennart Scholtus / Chris Steyn Corporate Communications Lead Investor Relations Manager / Senior Analyst E-mail: pressoffice@heineken.com E-mail: investors@heineken.com Tel: +31-612200009 Tel: +31-20-5239590Conference Call DetailsHEINEKEN will host an analyst and investor conference call with Harold van den Broek  Chief Financial Officer of Heineken N.V.  in relation to its First Quarter 2025 Trading Update on 16 April at 14:00 CET/13:00 GMT. This call will also be accessible for Heineken Holding N.V. shareholders. The call will be audio cast live via the website: www.theheinekencompany.com . An audio replay service will also be made available after the conference call at the above web address. Analysts and investors can dial-in using the following telephone numbers:United Kingdom: +44 203 936 2999Netherlands: +31 85 888 7233United States: +1 646 664 1960All other locations: +44 203 936 2999For the full list of dial in numbers  please refer to the following link: Global Dial-In NumbersParticipation password for all countries: 522422Attachment,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,mixed,0.33,0.2,0.47,True,English,"['Heineken Holding N.V.', '2025 first quarter trading', 'rapid mainstream category expansion', 'Premium beer volume organic growth', 'Heineken Holding N.V.', 'Beer volume organic decrease', 'affordable premium brand', 'Mainstream beer volume', 'constant geographic basis', 'digital (eB2B) platforms', 'gross merchandise value', '686 thousand active customers', 'fragmented, traditional channels', 'extra selling day', 'high comparison base', 'significant market presence', 'ongoing macroeconomic volatility', 'recent tariff adjustments', 'Heineken N.V.', 'Middle East regions', 'volume market share', 'total beer portfolio', 'global inflationary pressures', 'internal management reports', '2025 first quarter trading', 'Total consolidated volume', 'calendar timing impact', 'First quarter performance', 'key export markets', 'Organic growth Revenue', 'Heineken ® volume growth', 'full year outlook', 'Total growth', 'organic increase', 'Consolidated figures', 'greater impact', 'Europe regions', 'leading brand', 'Key Highlights', 'quarterly performance', 'stout portfolio', 'key brands', 'Heineken® volume', 'last year', 'leap year', 'double-digit growth', 'solid growth', 'strong growth', 'performance management', 'operating profit', 'participating interest', 'Financial Summary', 'Currency translation', 'main impacts', 'Mexican Peso', 'Brazilian Real', 'Ethiopian Birr', 'Consolidation changes', 'IFRS Measures', 'GAAP measures', 'other terms', 'IFRS metrics', 'Executive Board', 'earlier timing', 'Tết', 'Asia Pacific', 'favourable momentum', 'slight decline', 'continued success', 'weak sentiment', 'currency devaluations', 'broader uncertainties', 'potential increases', 'fluctuating environment', 'brewery footprint', 'productivity initiatives', 'solid operational', 'portfolio premiumisation', 'Net revenue', 'Heineken® Silver', 'later Easter', 'major markets', 'report figures', 'Kingfisher Ultra', 'stronger Euro', 'financial results', 'BEIA Measures1', '4.6% Outlook', '25 markets', 'Amsterdam', '16 April', 'EURONEXT', 'HEIO', 'OTCQX', 'HKHHY', 'hectolitre', 'activities', 'supervision', 'provision', 'services', 'company', 'Price-mix', 'pricing', 'strengthening', 'business', 'Glossary', 'explanation', 'Page', 'reconciliation', 'measurement', 'Americas', 'Africa', 'half', 'mhl', '1Q24', '1Q25', 'Vietnam', 'India', 'Nigeria', 'Romania', 'Legend', 'Murphy', 'UK', 'China', 'low-single-digit', 'phasing', 'orders', 'thirties', 'Larue', 'position', 'Cruzcampo', 'Amstel', 'consumers', 'relation', 'allocation', 'capital', 'resources', 'ability', '1.']",2025-04-16,2025-04-17,globenewswire.com
50138,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2025/04/16/3062432/0/en/Awilco-Drilling-PLC-De-listing-Application-sent-to-Oslo-B%C3%B8rs.html,Awilco Drilling PLC: De-listing Application sent to Oslo Børs,Reference is made to Awilco Drilling PLC’s (‘Awilco Drilling’ or the ‘Company’) stock exchange releases dated 28 March and 16 April regarding the plan for and power of authority given to the Board to apply for de-listing of the Company from Euronext Growth Os…,Reference is made to Awilco Drilling PLC’s (‘Awilco Drilling’ or the ‘Company’) stock exchange releases dated 28 March and 16 April regarding the plan for and power of authority given to the Board to apply for de-listing of the Company from Euronext Growth Oslo.Awilco Drilling has today sent an application for de-listing to Oslo Børs. Once the Company is de-listed  the plan is to call for another extraordinary General Meeting to vote on a proposed Company liquidation. A liquidation process is expected to be completed by year-end 2025 and any remaining funds after all costs are covered will be returned to the shareholders.Aberdeen  16 April 2025For further information please contact:Eric Jacobs  CEO of Awilco Drilling PLCPhone: +47 9529 2271Cathrine Haavind  Investor Relations of Awilco Drilling PLCPhone: +47 9342 8464Email: ch@awilcodrilling.comThis information is subject to the disclosure requirements pursuant to Section 5-12 the Norwegian Securities Trading Act.,neutral,0.0,0.99,0.01,neutral,0.0,0.99,0.0,True,English,"['Awilco Drilling PLC', 'Oslo Børs', 'De-listing Application', 'Norwegian Securities Trading Act', 'stock exchange releases', 'Euronext Growth Oslo', 'Oslo Børs', 'extraordinary General Meeting', 'Awilco Drilling PLC', 'liquidation process', 'remaining funds', 'Eric Jacobs', 'Cathrine Haavind', 'Investor Relations', 'disclosure requirements', 'Company liquidation', 'Reference', '16 April', 'plan', 'power', 'authority', 'Board', 'de', 'listing', 'application', 'year-end', 'costs', 'information', 'CEO', 'Phone', 'Email', 'awilcodrilling', 'Section']",2025-04-16,2025-04-17,globenewswire.com
50139,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2025/04/16/3062293/0/en/Signify-completes-share-repurchases-to-cover-share-based-remuneration-and-continues-with-the-share-repurchases-for-capital-reduction.html,Signify completes share repurchases to cover share-based remuneration and continues with the share repurchases for capital reduction,Press Release16 April 2025Signify completes share repurchases to cover share-based remuneration and continues with the share repurchases for capital reductionEindhoven  the Netherlands – Signify (Euronext: LIGHT)  the world leader in lighting  today announced…,Press Release16 April 2025Signify completes share repurchases to cover share-based remuneration and continues with the share repurchases for capital reductionEindhoven  the Netherlands – Signify (Euronext: LIGHT)  the world leader in lighting  today announced that it completed the share repurchases to cover obligations arising from Signify’s long-term incentive performance share plan and other employee share plans. The repurchases were made as part of the company’s share repurchase program  which was announced on February 4  2025.In the period April 14 to April 15  Signify repurchased 28 138 shares. The shares were repurchased at an average price of EUR 18.40 per share and an aggregate amount of EUR 0.5 million. The total number of shares repurchased under the program to date is 1 345 537 shares for a total consideration of EUR 27.5 million.As from April 16  the share repurchases under the share repurchase program will be allocated to the cancellation of shares.Details on the share buyback transactions can be found here.--- END ---For further information  please contact:Signify Investor RelationsThelke GerdesTel: +31 6 1801 7131E-mail: thelke.gerdes@signify.comSignify Corporate CommunicationsTom LodgeTel: +31 6 5252 5416E-mail: tom.lodge@signify.comAbout SignifySignify (Euronext: LIGHT) is the world leader in lighting for professionals  consumers and the Internet of Things. Our Philips products  Interact systems and data-enabled services deliver business value and transform life in homes  buildings and public spaces. In 2024  we had sales of EUR 6.1 billion  approximately 29 000 employees and a presence in over 70 countries. We unlock the extraordinary potential of light for brighter lives and a better world. We have been in the Dow Jones Sustainability World Index since our IPO for eight consecutive years and have achieved the EcoVadis Platinum rating for five consecutive years  placing Signify in the top one percent of companies assessed. News from Signify can be found in the Newsroom  on X  LinkedIn and Instagram. Information for investors is located on the Investor Relations page.Attachment,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,neutral,0.02,0.98,0.0,True,English,"['share repurchases', 'share-based remuneration', 'capital reduction', 'Signify', 'long-term incentive performance share plan', 'Dow Jones Sustainability World Index', 'other employee share plans', 'Corporate Communications Tom Lodge', 'eight consecutive years', 'EcoVadis Platinum rating', 'five consecutive years', 'top one percent', 'share buyback transactions', 'share repurchase program', 'Investor Relations page', 'share repurchases', 'world leader', 'Press Release', 'share-based remuneration', 'capital reduction', 'average price', 'aggregate amount', 'total number', 'total consideration', 'Philips products', 'Interact systems', 'data-enabled services', 'business value', 'public spaces', 'extraordinary potential', 'brighter lives', 'Thelke Gerdes', 'April', 'Signify', 'Eindhoven', 'Netherlands', 'LIGHT', 'obligations', 'part', 'company', 'February', 'period', '28,138 shares', 'date', '1,345,537 shares', 'cancellation', 'Details', 'END', 'information', 'Tel', 'mail', 'Euronext', 'professionals', 'consumers', 'Internet', 'Things', 'life', 'homes', 'buildings', 'sales', '29,000 employees', 'presence', '70 countries', 'IPO', 'companies', 'News', 'LinkedIn', 'Instagram', 'investors', 'Attachment', '31']",2025-04-16,2025-04-17,globenewswire.com
50140,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2025/04/16/3062796/0/en/Quadient-Recognized-in-Analyst-Report-on-Top-AI-Use-Cases-for-Finance-Automation.html,Quadient Recognized in Analyst Report on Top AI Use Cases for Finance Automation,Quadient (Euronext Paris: QDT)  a global automation platform powering secure and sustainable business connections  announces it has been recognized in a recent Forrester report on ways artificial intelligence (AI) is transforming accounts receivable (AR) proc…,Quadient (Euronext Paris: QDT)  a global automation platform powering secure and sustainable business connections  announces it has been recognized in a recent Forrester report on ways artificial intelligence (AI) is transforming accounts receivable (AR) processes. The report  “Top AI Use Cases for Accounts Receivable Automation In 2025 ” includes mentions of Quadient AR for cash application and payment notice. Quadient considers its inclusion in the report as proof of the impact its AI- and machine learning-powered financial process automation offer  enhancing efficiency  accuracy  and decision-making capabilities.Manual AR  AP and invoice processes lead to inefficiencies  compliance risks  payment delays and increased vulnerability to fraud. Quadient’s Finance Automation cloud platform  including Quadient AR and Quadient AP  addresses these challenges  using advanced AI and machine learning to predict cash flow with high accuracy  analyze payor behavior  and automate cash applications  even when remittance data is missing. The platform also centralizes invoices and streamlines multi-channel distribution  ensuring full compliance with regulations such as e-invoicing.“AI is transforming accounts receivable  and we believe Quadient’s inclusion in Forrester’s report attests to how advanced solutions such as Quadient AR are changing the way financial professionals work through intelligent automation ” said Chris Hartigan  Chief Solution Officer  Digital Automation at Quadient. “AI and machine learning are forever changing the way AR and AP are managed and increasing the value these functions bring to organizations. Quadient is helping to advance AI usage by finance teams in responsible and meaningful ways to streamline workflows  deliver actionable insights  enhance efficiency and increase focus on strategic financial planning.”Real-time data is provided through customizable dashboards  enhancing efficiency and decision-making capabilities. In addition to mentioning Quadient in several use cases for AR  Forrester interviewed Quadient for insights for its companion report  “Top AI Use Cases for Accounts Payable Automation in 2025.”Quadient’s leading cloud-based financial automation cloud platform  including AR  AP  e-invoicing and customer communications  helps businesses reduce manual work  improve cash flow and make more informed financial decisions.About Quadient®Quadient is a global automation platform powering secure and sustainable business connections through digital and physical channels. Quadient supports businesses of all sizes in their digital transformation and growth journey  unlocking operational efficiency and creating meaningful customer experiences. Listed in compartment B of Euronext Paris (QDT) and part of the CAC® Mid & Small and EnterNext® Tech 40 indices  Quadient shares are eligible for PEA-PME investing. For more information about Quadient  visit http://www.quadient.com/en/.ContactsSandy Armstrong  Sterling Kilgore Joe Scolaro  Quadient VP of Media & Communications Global Press Relations Manager +1-630-699-8979 +1 203-301-3673 sarmstrong@sterlingkilgore.com j.scolaro@quadient.comAttachment,neutral,0.01,0.98,0.0,negative,0.0,0.18,0.82,True,English,"['Top AI Use Cases', 'Analyst Report', 'Finance Automation', 'Quadient', 'machine learning-powered financial process automation offer', 'leading cloud-based financial automation cloud platform', 'Global Press Relations Manager', 'Finance Automation cloud platform', 'Sterling Kilgore Joe Scolaro', 'Top AI Use Cases', 'several use cases', 'global automation platform', 'strategic financial planning', 'informed financial decisions', 'sustainable business connections', 'Chief Solution Officer', 'EnterNext® Tech 40 indices', 'Accounts Payable Automation', 'meaningful customer experiences', 'Accounts Receivable Automation', 'receivable (AR) processes', 'recent Forrester report', 'financial professionals', 'intelligent automation', 'Digital Automation', 'finance teams', 'invoice processes', 'advanced AI', 'AI usage', 'Euronext Paris', 'artificial intelligence', 'cash application', 'payment notice', 'decision-making capabilities', 'compliance risks', 'payment delays', 'cash flow', 'payor behavior', 'remittance data', 'multi-channel distribution', 'full compliance', 'advanced solutions', 'Chris Hartigan', 'meaningful ways', 'Real-time data', 'customizable dashboards', 'customer communications', 'manual work', 'physical channels', 'growth journey', 'compartment B', 'CAC® Mid', 'PEA-PME investing', 'Sandy Armstrong', 'Manual AR', 'digital transformation', 'companion report', 'high accuracy', 'actionable insights', 'Quadient shares', 'Quadient VP', 'operational efficiency', 'Quadient AR', 'Quadient AP', 'Quadient®', 'QDT', 'secure', 'mentions', 'inclusion', 'proof', 'impact', 'inefficiencies', 'vulnerability', 'fraud', 'challenges', 'invoices', 'regulations', 'invoicing', 'value', 'functions', 'organizations', 'responsible', 'workflows', 'focus', 'addition', 'businesses', 'sizes', 'Small', 'information', 'Contacts', 'Media', 'sterlingkilgore', 'Attachment']",2025-04-16,2025-04-17,globenewswire.com
50141,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2025/04/16/3062762/0/en/Valneva-to-Participate-in-Multiple-Events-at-the-25th-World-Vaccine-Congress-including-a-Presentation-on-its-Chikungunya-Vaccine-IXCHIQ.html,Valneva to Participate in Multiple Events at the 25th World Vaccine Congress  including a Presentation on its Chikungunya Vaccine IXCHIQ®,Saint-Herblain (France)  April 16  2025 – Valneva SE (Nasdaq: VALN; Euronext Paris: VLA)  a specialty vaccine company  today announced its presence at the forthcoming 25th World Vaccine Congress  which will take place from April 21-24  2025 at the Walter E.…,"Saint-Herblain (France)  April 16  2025 – Valneva SE (Nasdaq: VALN; Euronext Paris: VLA)  a specialty vaccine company  today announced its presence at the forthcoming 25th World Vaccine Congress  which will take place from April 21-24  2025 at the Walter E. convention center in Washington  D.C. Under the leadership of the Company´s Chief Executive Officer  Thomas Lingelbach  a team of Valneva´s senior managers will participate in multiple events  including an important presentation on the Company´s vaccine IXCHIQ®  the world’s first licensed chikungunya vaccine.The Company will have a display in the exhibit area of the congress at booth #424.On April 22  from 11:40am to 12:20pm EST  Valneva’s Chief Science Officer  Dr. Hanneke Schuitemaker will host an interactive work group session focused on “Prophylactic Enteric Disease Vaccines and Antimicrobial Resistance”.In the evening of April 22  Valneva will attend the Vaccine Industry Excellence Awards ceremony  where it is a finalist for the Best Biotech Award and Best Prophylactic Vaccine Award for VLA15  the most advanced Lyme disease vaccine candidate worldwide  currently in Phase 3  partnered with Pfizer.The following day on April 23 at 9:40am EST  Susanne Eder-Lingelbach  Vice President Clinical Development at Valneva  will present “Valneva’s chikungunya vaccine: key data in support of licensure and plans to confirm effectiveness"".On April 24  at 9:00am EST  Valneva’s Chief Medical Officer  Dr. Juan Carlos Jaramillo  will take part in the “The Urgent Need for Vaccines Against Mosquito-Borne Diseases” panel discussion alongside Gabrielle Breugelmans  Director of Epidemiology and Data Science  at the Coalition for Epidemic Preparedness Innovations  Trevor Wellington  Director  Clinical Trials Center  Walter Reed Army Institute of Research  and moderated by Sushant Sahastrabuddhe  Deputy Director General  International Vaccine Institute.About ChikungunyaChikungunya virus (CHIKV) is a mosquito-borne viral disease spread by the bites of infected Aedes mosquitoes which causes fever  severe joint and muscle pain  headache  nausea  fatigue and rash. Joint pain is often debilitating and can persist for weeks to years1.In 2004  the disease began to spread quickly  causing large-scale outbreaks around the world. Since the re-emergence of the virus  CHIKV has now been identified in over 110 countries in Asia  Africa  Europe and the Americas2. Between 2013 and 2023  more than 3.7 million cases were reported in the Americas3 and the economic impact is considered to be significant. The medical and economic burden is expected to grow with climate change as the mosquito vectors that transmit the disease continue to spread geographically. As such  the World Health Organization (WHO) has highlighted chikungunya as a major public health problem.4About IXCHIQ®IXCHIQ® is the world’s first licensed chikungunya vaccine available to address this significant unmet medical need. The single-shot vaccine is approved for the prevention of disease caused by the chikungunya virus in people aged 12 years and older in the European Union  and in people aged 18 years and older in the United States (U.S.)5  Canada6  United Kingdom (U.K.)7 and Brazil8. Label extension applications to adolescents were submitted in the U.S.  Canada and the U.K.Please refer to the full prescribing information approved by the relevant governmental authority  as applicable.About Valneva SEWe are a specialty vaccine company that develops  manufactures  and commercializes prophylactic vaccines for infectious diseases addressing unmet medical needs. We take a highly specialized and targeted approach  applying our deep expertise across multiple vaccine modalities  focused on providing either first-  best- or only-in-class vaccine solutions.We have a strong track record  having advanced multiple vaccines from early R&D to approvals  and currently market three proprietary travel vaccines  including the world’s first chikungunya vaccine  as well as certain third-party vaccines.Revenues from our growing commercial business help fuel the continued advancement of our vaccine pipeline. This includes the only Lyme disease vaccine candidate in advanced clinical development  which is partnered with Pfizer  the world’s most clinically advanced Shigella vaccine candidate  as well as vaccine candidates against the Zika virus and other global public health threats. More information is available at www.valneva.com.About CEPICEPI was launched in 2017 as an innovative partnership between public  private  philanthropic and civil organizations. Its mission is to accelerate the development of vaccines and other biologic countermeasures against epidemic and pandemic threats so they can be accessible to all people in need. CEPI has supported the development of more than 50 vaccine candidates or platform technologies against multiple known high-risk pathogens or a future Disease X. Central to CEPI’s pandemic-beating five-year plan for 2022-2026 is the ‘100 Days Mission’ to compress the time taken to develop safe  effective  globally accessible vaccines against new threats to just 100 days.Learn more at CEPI.net. Follow us on X (@CEPIvaccines)  LinkedIn and Facebook.About Horizon EuropeHorizon Europe — #HorizonEU — is the European Union's flagship Research and Innovation programme  part of the EU-long-term Multiannual Financial Framework (MFF) with a budget of €95 5 billion to spend over a seven-year period (2021-2027). Under Horizon Europe  health research will be supported with the aim to find new ways to keep people healthy  prevent diseases  develop better diagnostics and more effective therapies  use personalised medicine approaches to improve healthcare and wellbeing  and take up innovative health technologies  such as digital ones.Media and Investor Relations ContactsValnevaLaetitia Bachelot-FontaineVP Global Communications & European Investor RelationsM +33 (0)6 4516 7099laetitia.bachelot-fontaine@valneva.comJoshua Drumm  Ph.D.VP Global Investor RelationsM +001 917 815 4520joshua.drumm@valneva.comCEPIpress@cepi.net+44 7387 055214Forward-Looking StatementsThis press release contains certain forward-looking statements relating to the business of Valneva  including with respect to business partnerships and the progress  timing  results and completion of technology transfer and regulatory approvals in additional markets. In addition  even if the actual results or development of Valneva are consistent with the forward-looking statements contained in this press release  those results or developments of Valneva may not be sustained in the future. In some cases  you can identify forward-looking statements by words such as “could ” “should ” “may ” “expects ” “anticipates ” “believes ” “intends ” “estimates ” “aims ” “targets ” or similar words. These forward-looking statements are based largely on the current expectations of Valneva as of the date of this press release and are subject to a number of known and unknown risks and uncertainties and other factors that may cause actual results  performance or achievements to be materially different from any future results  performance or achievement expressed or implied by these forward-looking statements. In particular  the expectations of Valneva could be affected by  among other things  uncertainties and delays involved in the development and manufacture of vaccines  unexpected clinical trial results  unexpected regulatory actions or delays  competition in general  currency fluctuations  the impact of the global and European credit crisis  and the ability to obtain or maintain patent or other proprietary intellectual property protection. Success in preclinical studies or earlier clinical trials may not be indicative of results in future clinical trials. In light of these risks and uncertainties  there can be no assurance that the forward-looking statements made in this press release will in fact be realized. Valneva is providing this information as of the date of this press release and disclaims any intention or obligation to publicly update or revise any forward-looking statements  whether as a result of new information  future events  or otherwise.1 https://jvi.asm.org/content/jvi/88/20/11644.full.pdf2 https://cmr.asm.org/content/31/1/e00104-163 PAHO/WHO data: Number of reported cases of chikungunya fever in the Americas (Cumulative Cases 2018-2023 and Cases per year 2013-2017). https://www.paho.org/data/index.php/en/mnu-topics/chikv-en/550-chikv-weekly-en.html. Last accessed 01 Aug 2023.4 Geographical expansion of cases of dengue and chikungunya beyond the historical areas of transmission in the Region of the Americas (who.int)5 Valneva Announces U.S. FDA Approval of World’s First Chikungunya Vaccine  IXCHIQ ® - Valneva6 Valneva Announces Health Canada Approval of the World’s First Chikungunya Vaccine  IXCHIQ ® - Valneva7 Valneva Receives Marketing Authorization in the UK for the World’s First Chikungunya Vaccine  IXCHIQ® - Valneva8 Valneva Receives First Marketing Authorization for IXCHIQ® in a Chikungunya Endemic Country - ValnevaAttachment",neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,negative,0.0,0.21,0.79,True,English,"['25th World Vaccine Congress', 'Chikungunya Vaccine IXCHIQ®', 'Multiple Events', 'Valneva', 'Presentation', 'Vaccine Industry Excellence Awards ceremony', 'other global public health threats', 'advanced Lyme disease vaccine candidate', 'forthcoming 25th World Vaccine Congress', 'interactive work group session', 'major public health problem', 'Walter E. convention center', 'Dr. Juan Carlos Jaramillo', 'Walter Reed Army Institute', 'multiple known high-risk pathogens', 'three proprietary travel vaccines', 'Vice President Clinical Development', 'Best Prophylactic Vaccine Award', 'significant unmet medical need', 'Prophylactic Enteric Disease Vaccines', 'first licensed chikungunya vaccine', 'Shigella vaccine candidate', 'Best Biotech Award', 'public, private, philanthropic', 'other biologic countermeasures', 'Clinical Trials Center', 'International Vaccine Institute', 'advanced clinical development', 'Dr. Hanneke Schuitemaker', 'unmet medical needs', 'class vaccine solutions', 'Chief Executive Officer', 'Label extension applications', 'relevant governmental authority', 'strong track record', 'growing commercial business', 'pandemic-beating five-year plan', 'safe, effective, gl', 'World Health Organization', 'multiple vaccine modalities', 'Chief Medical Officer', 'Chief Science Officer', 'full prescribing information', 'early R&D', 'The Urgent Need', 'mosquito-borne viral disease', 'specialty vaccine company', 'first chikungunya vaccine', 'Epidemic Preparedness Innovations', 'Deputy Director General', 'prophylactic vaccines', 'pandemic threats', 'single-shot vaccine', 'vaccine pipeline', 'vaccine candidates', 'multiple vaccines', 'multiple events', 'future Disease', 'D.C.', 'The Company', 'Mosquito-Borne Diseases', 'Data Science', 'More information', 'third-party vaccines', 'Euronext Paris', 'Thomas Lingelbach', 'senior managers', 'important presentation', 'exhibit area', 'Antimicrobial Resistance', 'Susanne Eder-Lingelbach', 'key data', 'panel discussion', 'Gabrielle Breugelmans', 'Trevor Wellington', 'Sushant Sahastrabuddhe', 'Chikungunya virus', 'Aedes mosquitoes', 'severe joint', 'muscle pain', 'Joint pain', 'large-scale outbreaks', '3.7 million cases', 'economic impact', 'economic burden', 'climate change', 'mosquito vectors', 'European Union', 'United States', 'U.S.', 'United Kingdom', 'U.K.', 'infectious diseases', 'targeted approach', 'deep expertise', 'continued advancement', 'innovative partnership', 'civil organizations', 'Zika virus', '100 Days Mission', 'Valneva SE', 'Saint-Herblain', 'France', 'April', 'Nasdaq', 'VLA', 'presence', 'place', 'Washington', 'leadership', 'team', 'IXCHIQ', 'display', 'booth', '11:40am', '12:20pm', 'evening', 'finalist', 'Phase', 'Pfizer', '9:40am', 'support', 'licensure', 'plans', 'effectiveness', '9:00am', 'Epidemiology', 'Coalition', 'Research', 'CHIKV', 'bites', 'fever', 'headache', 'nausea', 'fatigue', 'rash', 'weeks', 'years', 'emergence', '110 countries', 'Asia', 'Africa', 'Americas', 'WHO', 'prevention', 'people', 'Canada', 'Brazil', 'adolescents', 'specialized', 'approvals', 'Revenues', 'CEPI', 'platform', 'technologies', 'time', '2022']",2025-04-16,2025-04-17,globenewswire.com
50142,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2025/04/16/3062274/0/en/Completion-of-compulsory-acquisition-of-remaining-issued-and-outstanding-shares-of-Avenir-LNG-Limited.html,Completion of compulsory acquisition of remaining issued and outstanding shares of Avenir LNG Limited,London  April 16  2025 – Reference is made to the stock exchange announcement of March 5  2025  stating that Stolt-Nielsen Limited (Oslo Børs: SNI)  through its subsidiary Stolt-Nielsen Gas Ltd. had resolved to proceed with a compulsory acquisition of the sha…,London  April 16  2025 – Reference is made to the stock exchange announcement of March 5  2025  stating that Stolt-Nielsen Limited (Oslo Børs: SNI)  through its subsidiary Stolt-Nielsen Gas Ltd. had resolved to proceed with a compulsory acquisition of the shares of Avenir LNG Limited (‘Avenir LNG’) not already owned by Stolt-Nielsen Gas Ltd.Stolt-Nielsen Limited is pleased to announce that the compulsory acquisition process has been successfully completed  and Avenir LNG is now fully owned by Stolt-Nielsen Gas Ltd.A request to have Avenir LNG delisted from Euronext N-OTC will be submitted  and it is expected that such delisting will occur shortly.AdvisorsDNB Markets  a part of DNB Bank ASA  acted as financial advisor to Stolt-Nielsen Limited  and Advokatfirmaet Thommessen AS acted as legal advisor to Stolt-Nielsen Limited  in connection with the compulsory acquisition process.This information is subject to the disclosure requirements pursuant to section 5-12 of the Norwegian Securities Trading Act.For additional information please contact:Jens F. Grüner-HeggeChief Financial OfficerUK +44 (0) 20 7611 8985j.gruner-hegge@stolt.comEllie DavisonHead of Corporate CommunicationsUK +44 (0) 20 7611 8926e.davison@stolt.comAbout Stolt-Nielsen LimitedStolt-Nielsen (SNL or the ‘Company’) is a long-term investor and manager of businesses focused on opportunities in logistics  distribution and aquaculture. The Stolt-Nielsen portfolio consists of its three global bulk-liquid and chemicals logistics businesses - Stolt Tankers  Stolthaven Terminals and Stolt Tank Containers - Stolt Sea Farm and various investments. Stolt-Nielsen Limited is listed on the Oslo Stock Exchange (Oslo Børs: SNI).,positive,0.52,0.47,0.01,positive,0.88,0.12,0.0,True,English,"['Avenir LNG Limited', 'compulsory acquisition', 'remaining issued', 'outstanding shares', 'Completion', 'Norwegian Securities Trading Act', 'Jens F. Grüner-Hegge', 'stock exchange announcement', 'Oslo Børs', 'Advokatfirmaet Thommessen AS', 'three global bulk-liquid', 'Oslo Stock Exchange', 'DNB Bank ASA', 'Chief Financial Officer', 'compulsory acquisition process', 'Stolt-Nielsen Gas Ltd.', 'The Stolt-Nielsen portfolio', 'Stolt Tank Containers', 'Stolt Sea Farm', 'Corporate Communications UK', 'chemicals logistics businesses', 'Avenir LNG Limited', 'DNB Markets', 'financial advisor', 'Stolt-Nielsen Limited', 'Stolt Tankers', 'Euronext N-OTC', 'legal advisor', 'disclosure requirements', 'long-term investor', 'Stolthaven Terminals', 'various investments', 'additional information', 'Ellie Davison', 'London', 'April', 'Reference', 'March', 'SNI', 'subsidiary', 'shares', 'request', 'delisting', 'Advisors', 'part', 'connection', 'section', 'Head', 'SNL', 'Company', 'manager', 'opportunities', 'distribution', 'aquaculture']",2025-04-16,2025-04-17,globenewswire.com
50143,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2025/04/16/3062273/0/en/Completion-of-compulsory-acquisition-of-remaining-issued-and-outstanding-shares-of-Avenir-LNG-Limited.html,Completion of compulsory acquisition of remaining issued and outstanding shares of Avenir LNG Limited,London  April 16  2025 – Reference is made to the stock exchange announcement of March 5  2025  stating that Stolt-Nielsen Limited (Oslo Børs: SNI)  through its subsidiary Stolt-Nielsen Gas Ltd. had resolved to proceed with a compulsory acquisition of the sha…,London  April 16  2025 – Reference is made to the stock exchange announcement of March 5  2025  stating that Stolt-Nielsen Limited (Oslo Børs: SNI)  through its subsidiary Stolt-Nielsen Gas Ltd. had resolved to proceed with a compulsory acquisition of the shares of Avenir LNG Limited (‘Avenir LNG’) not already owned by Stolt-Nielsen Gas Ltd.Stolt-Nielsen Limited is pleased to announce that the compulsory acquisition process has been successfully completed  and Avenir LNG is now fully owned by Stolt-Nielsen Gas Ltd.A request to have Avenir LNG delisted from Euronext N-OTC will be submitted  and it is expected that such delisting will occur shortly.AdvisorsDNB Markets  a part of DNB Bank ASA  acted as financial advisor to Stolt-Nielsen Limited  and Advokatfirmaet Thommessen AS acted as legal advisor to Stolt-Nielsen Limited  in connection with the compulsory acquisition process.This information is subject to the disclosure requirements pursuant to section 5-12 of the Norwegian Securities Trading Act.For additional information please contact:Jens F. Grüner-HeggeChief Financial OfficerUK +44 (0) 20 7611 8985j.gruner-hegge@stolt.comEllie DavisonHead of Corporate CommunicationsUK +44 (0) 20 7611 8926e.davison@stolt.comAbout Stolt-Nielsen LimitedStolt-Nielsen (SNL or the ‘Company’) is a long-term investor and manager of businesses focused on opportunities in logistics  distribution and aquaculture. The Stolt-Nielsen portfolio consists of its three global bulk-liquid and chemicals logistics businesses - Stolt Tankers  Stolthaven Terminals and Stolt Tank Containers - Stolt Sea Farm and various investments. Stolt-Nielsen Limited is listed on the Oslo Stock Exchange (Oslo Børs: SNI).,positive,0.52,0.47,0.01,positive,0.88,0.12,0.0,True,English,"['Avenir LNG Limited', 'compulsory acquisition', 'remaining issued', 'outstanding shares', 'Completion', 'Norwegian Securities Trading Act', 'Jens F. Grüner-Hegge', 'stock exchange announcement', 'Oslo Børs', 'Advokatfirmaet Thommessen AS', 'three global bulk-liquid', 'Oslo Stock Exchange', 'DNB Bank ASA', 'Chief Financial Officer', 'compulsory acquisition process', 'Stolt-Nielsen Gas Ltd.', 'The Stolt-Nielsen portfolio', 'Stolt Tank Containers', 'Stolt Sea Farm', 'Corporate Communications UK', 'chemicals logistics businesses', 'Avenir LNG Limited', 'DNB Markets', 'financial advisor', 'Stolt-Nielsen Limited', 'Stolt Tankers', 'Euronext N-OTC', 'legal advisor', 'disclosure requirements', 'long-term investor', 'Stolthaven Terminals', 'various investments', 'additional information', 'Ellie Davison', 'London', 'April', 'Reference', 'March', 'SNI', 'subsidiary', 'shares', 'request', 'delisting', 'Advisors', 'part', 'connection', 'section', 'Head', 'SNL', 'Company', 'manager', 'opportunities', 'distribution', 'aquaculture']",2025-04-16,2025-04-17,globenewswire.com
50144,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2025/04/16/3062260/0/en/Technip-Energies-awarded-a-FEED-contract-for-Jet-Zero-s-Sustainable-Aviation-Fuel-project-in-Australia.html,Technip Energies awarded a FEED contract for Jet Zero’s Sustainable Aviation Fuel project in Australia,Technip Energies (PARIS:TE) has been awarded a Front-End Engineering Design (FEED) contract by Jet Zero Australia Pty Ltd (Jet Zero) for Project Ulysses  a bioethanol to sustainable aviation fuel (SAF) project located in Townsville  Australia.,Technip Energies (PARIS:TE) has been awarded a Front-End Engineering Design (FEED) contract by Jet Zero Australia Pty Ltd (Jet Zero) for Project Ulysses  a bioethanol to sustainable aviation fuel (SAF) project located in Townsville  Australia.The FEED covers an extensive package of engineering activities  documentation and planning to refine the cost estimate for the project and develop detailed timelines.The project aims to produce 102 million liters of SAF and 11 million litres of renewable diesel annually by 2028 using Australian bioethanol and technologies from Technip Energies and LanzaJet. Technip Energies’ Hummingbird® technology converts the bioethanol to sustainable ethylene and LanzaJet’s alcohol-to-jet technology transforms the ethylene to SAF.Sylvain Cabalery  SVP Sustainable Fuels  Chemicals & Circularity at Technip Energies  stated “We are very pleased to see Project Ulysses moving forward to provide the first alcohol-to-jet SAF plant in Australia. With the global aviation industry looking for ways to further secure their supply and lower emissions  Technip Energies and LanzaJet integrated technology is a smart solution  bringing energy security while at the same time eliminating up to 70% of greenhouse gas emissions.”About Technip EnergiesTechnip Energies is a global technology and engineering powerhouse. With leadership positions in LNG  hydrogen  ethylene  sustainable chemistry  and CO 2 management  we are contributing to the development of critical markets such as energy  energy derivatives  decarbonization  and circularity. Our complementary business segments  Technology  Products and Services (TPS) and Project Delivery  turn innovation into scalable and industrial reality.Through collaboration and excellence in execution  our 17 000+ employees across 34 countries are fully committed to bridging prosperity with sustainability for a world designed to last.Technip Energies generated revenues of €6.9 billion in 2024 and is listed on Euronext Paris. The Company also has American Depositary Receipts trading over the counter.For further information: www.ten.comContactsInvestor RelationsPhillip LindsayVice-President Investor RelationsTel: +44 207 585 5051Email: Phillip LindsayMedia RelationsJason HyonnePress Relations & Social Media ManagerTel: +33 1 47 78 22 89Email: Jason HyonneImportant Information for Investors and SecurityholdersForward-Looking StatementsThis press release contains forward-looking statements that reflect Technip Energies’ (the “Company”) intentions  beliefs or current expectations and projections about the Company’s future results of operations  anticipated revenues  earnings  cashflows  financial condition  liquidity  performance  prospects  anticipated growth  strategies and opportunities and the markets in which the Company operates. Forward-looking statements are often identified by the words “believe”  “expect”  “anticipate”  “plan”  “intend”  “foresee”  “should”  “would”  “could”  “may”  “estimate”  “outlook”  and similar expressions  including the negative thereof. The absence of these words  however  does not mean that the statements are not forward-looking. These forward-looking statements are based on the Company’s current expectations  beliefs and assumptions concerning future developments and business conditions and their potential effect on the Company. While the Company believes that these forward-looking statements are reasonable as and when made  there can be no assurance that future developments affecting the Company will be those that the Company anticipates.All of the Company’s forward-looking statements involve risks and uncertainties  some of which are significant or beyond the Company’s control  and assumptions that could cause actual results to differ materially from the Company’s historical experience and the Company’s present expectations or projections. Should one or more of these risks or uncertainties materialize  or should underlying assumptions prove incorrect  actual results may vary materially from those set forth in the forward-looking statements.For information regarding known material factors that could cause actual results to differ from projected results  please see the Company’s risk factors set forth in the Company’s 2024 Annual Financial Report filed on March 10  2025  with the Dutch Autoriteit Financiële Markten (AFM) and the French Autorité des Marchés Financiers (AMF)  which includes a discussion of factors that could affect the Company’s future performance and the markets in which the Company operates.Forward-looking statements involve inherent risks and uncertainties and speak only as of the date they are made. The Company undertakes no duty to and will not necessarily update any of the forward-looking statements in light of new information or future events  except to the extent required by applicable law.Attachment,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,mixed,0.24,0.17,0.59,True,English,"['Sustainable Aviation Fuel project', 'Technip Energies', 'FEED contract', 'Jet Zero', 'Australia', 'French Autorité des Marchés Financiers', 'Dutch Autoriteit Financiële Markten', 'Jet Zero Australia Pty Ltd', 'Phillip Lindsay Media Relations', 'Technip Energies’ Hummingbird® technology', 'Social Media Manager', 'American Depositary Receipts', 'sustainable aviation fuel', 'SVP Sustainable Fuels', 'global aviation industry', 'greenhouse gas emissions', 'complementary business segments', '2024 Annual Financial Report', 'Front-End Engineering Design', 'Vice-President Investor Relations', 'LanzaJet integrated technology', 'jet technology', 'global technology', 'Press Relations', 'lower emissions', 'sustainable chemistry', 'financial condition', 'business conditions', 'engineering activities', 'engineering powerhouse', 'FEED) contract', 'The FEED', 'extensive package', 'cost estimate', 'detailed timelines', '102 million liters', '11 million litres', 'renewable diesel', 'Sylvain Cabalery', 'first alcohol', 'smart solution', 'same time', 'leadership positions', 'CO 2 management', 'industrial reality', '17,000+ employees', 'Jason Hyonne', 'press release', 'current expectations', 'similar expressions', 'future developments', 'potential effect', 'historical experience', 'present expectations', 'future events', 'applicable law', 'Forward-Looking Statements', 'sustainable ethylene', 'future results', 'actual results', 'energy security', 'energy derivatives', 'material factors', 'risk factors', 'Project Ulysses', 'Project Delivery', 'Euronext Paris', 'Important Information', 'future performance', 'new information', 'Australian bioethanol', 'critical markets', 'underlying assumptions', 'inherent risks', 'SAF plant', 'The Company', 'Townsville', 'documentation', 'planning', 'technologies', 'Chemicals', 'Circularity', 'ways', 'supply', 'LNG', 'hydrogen', 'decarbonization', 'Products', 'Services', 'TPS', 'innovation', 'scalable', 'collaboration', 'excellence', 'execution', '34 countries', 'prosperity', 'sustainability', 'world', 'revenues', 'counter', 'Contacts', 'Tel', 'Email', 'Investors', 'Securityholders', 'intentions', 'beliefs', 'projections', 'operations', 'earnings', 'cashflows', 'liquidity', 'prospects', 'growth', 'strategies', 'opportunities', 'words', 'outlook', 'absence', 'assurance', 'uncertainties', 'control', 'AFM', 'AMF', 'discussion', 'date', 'duty', 'light', 'extent', 'Attachment', '44']",2025-04-16,2025-04-17,globenewswire.com
50145,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2025/04/16/3062262/0/en/Believe-s-majority-shareholder-Upbeat-BidCo-announces-its-intention-to-file-a-public-buy-out-offer-followed-by-a-squeeze-out-on-the-shares-it-does-not-hold.html,Believe’s majority shareholder  Upbeat BidCo  announces its intention to file a public buy-out offer  followed by a squeeze-out  on the shares it does not hold.,Believe’s majority shareholder  Upbeat BidCo  announces its intention to file a public buy-out offer  followed by a squeeze-out  on the shares it does not hold.,Believe’s majority shareholder  Upbeat BidCo  announces its intention to file a public buy-out offer  followed by a squeeze-out  on the shares it does not hold.Offer at a price of 15.30 euros per share  reflecting premiums of +2.9%  +4.4%  +7.5% and +6.0%  respectively  over the 30-day  60-day  120-day and 180-day volume-weighted average prices as of April 14  2025.The Board of Believe has set up an ad hoc Committee made up of the three independent directors and appointed Finexsi as independent expert.Paris  April 16  2025 – Upbeat BidCo announces its intention to file today a public buy-out offer (offre publique de retrait) (the “Offer”)  followed by a squeeze-out (retrait obligatoire) (the “Squeeze-Out”)  on the Believe shares it does not hold directly or by assimilation pursuant to article L. 233‑9 of the French Commercial Code.The Offer would be launched by Upbeat BidCo  an entity held directly and indirectly by Denis Ladegaillerie  Founder and CEO of Believe  and directly by Upbeat MidCo S.à r.l.  a company controlled by the EQT X fund (“EQT”) and funds advised by TCV (“TCV”). Upbeat BidCo currently holds  effectively and by assimilation pursuant to article L. 233-9 of the French Commercial Code  96.65% of the share capital  representing 95.42% of the voting rights of Believe1.The Offer will be made at a price of 15.30 euros per share  reflecting premiums of +2.9%  +4.4%  +7.5% and +6.0%  respectively  over the 30-day  60-day  120-day and 180-day volume-weighted average prices as of April 14  2025.The Board of directors of Believe (the “Board”) has established an ad hoc Committee in the context of the Offer composed of the Board’s three independent directors: Orla Noonan  Anne-France Laclide-Drouin and Cécile Frot-Coutaz. The purpose of the ad hoc Committee is to monitor and facilitate the work of the independent expert  and to prepare a draft reasoned opinion on the merits of the Offer and its consequences for Believe  its shareholders and its employees.On April 15  2025  based on a preliminary recommendation of its ad hoc Committee  the Board unanimously favorably welcomed Upbeat BidCo’s intention to file the Offer  subject to its review of the Offer’s financial terms  based notably on the report of an independent expert.To this end  upon the recommendation of the ad hoc Committee  the Board has appointed Finexsi - Expert & Conseil Financier  represented by Mr. Olivier Péronnet  as the independent expert to draw up a report including a fairness opinion on the financial terms of the Offer and the absence of ancillary arrangements which would affect the equal treatment of shareholders.The Offer will be filed with the AMF today and  subject to the AMF’s clearance decision  is expected to be open during the second quarter of 2025.After the closing of the Offer  Upbeat BidCo will implement the Squeeze-Out  as the minority shareholders hold less than 10% of the capital and voting rights of Believe. The minority shareholders shall receive a compensation equal to the Offer price in the context of the Squeeze-Out.DisclaimerThe Offer is made to Believe shareholders located in France and outside of France  provided that local law to which they are subject allows them to participate in the Offer without requiring Upbeat BidCo to complete any additional formalities.This press release has been prepared for information purposes only. It does not constitute an offer to purchase or a solicitation to sell Believe shares in any country  including France. There is no certainty that the public buy-out offer mentioned above will be opened. The dissemination  publication or distribution of this press release may be subject to specific regulations or restrictions in certain countries. Accordingly  persons in possession of this press release are required to inform themselves about and to comply with any local restrictions that may applyAbout EQTEQT is a purpose-driven global investment organization with EUR 269 billion in total assets under management (EUR 136 billion in fee-generating assets under management)  within two business segments – Private Capital and Real Assets. EQT owns portfolio companies and assets in Europe  Asia-Pacific and the Americas and supports them in achieving sustainable growth  operational excellence and market leadership.About TCVTCV is a leading investment firm focused on investing in global  category-defining  technology companies. Leveraging its deep industry expertise and strategic resources  TCV’s mission is to provide long-term capital and support to high-quality management teams across their growth journey. Since its founding in 1995  TCV has invested over $18 billion in more than 350 technology companies worldwide and has supported over 150 IPOs and strategic acquisitions  making it one of the most active technology investors. TCV has a global presence in Menlo Park  New York  and London. For more information on TCV and its investments  visit www.tcv.comAbout BelieveBelieve is one of the world’s leading digital music companies. Believe’s mission is to develop independent artists and labels in the digital world by providing them with the solutions they need to grow their audience at each stage of their career and development. Believe’s passionate team of digital music experts around the world leverages the Group’s global technology platform to advise artists and labels. distribute and promote their music. Its 2 037 employees in more than 50 countries aim to support independent artists and labels with a unique digital expertise  respect  fairness and transparency. Believe offers its various solutions through a portfolio of brands including Believe. TuneCore. Nuclear Blast. Naïve. Groove Attack. AllPoints. Ishtar and Byond. Believe is listed on compartment A of the regulated market of Euronext Paris (Ticker: BLV. ISIN: FR0014003FE9).Investor Relations contact:emilie.megel@believe.comEmilie MEGEL| +33 6 07 09 98 60Press contacts:marion.lanvin-ext@believe.comMarion LANVIN| +33 6 26 67 73 001 Based on a share capital composed of 100 618 496 shares representing 101 925 468 voting rights as of March 31  2025.Attachment,neutral,0.0,0.94,0.05,neutral,0.04,0.93,0.02,True,English,"['public buy-out offer', 'majority shareholder', 'Upbeat BidCo', 'Believe', 'intention', 'shares', 'Upbeat MidCo S.à r.l.', '180-day volume-weighted average prices', 'Mr. Olivier Péronnet', 'purpose-driven global investment organization', 'leading digital music companies', 'global, category-defining, technology companies', 'leading investment firm', 'ad hoc Committee', 'offre publique de', 'French Commercial Code', 'Cécile Frot-Coutaz', 'two business segments', 'deep industry expertise', 'active technology investors', 'high-quality management teams', 'three independent directors', 'EQT X fund', 'public buy-out offer', '350 technology companies', 'global presence', 'article L.', 'portfolio companies', 'Upbeat BidCo', 'majority shareholder', 'Denis Ladegaillerie', 'voting rights', 'Orla Noonan', 'Anne-France Laclide-Drouin', 'reasoned opinion', 'financial terms', 'Conseil Financier', 'fairness opinion', 'ancillary arrangements', 'equal treatment', 'clearance decision', 'second quarter', 'local law', 'additional formalities', 'press release', 'specific regulations', 'sustainable growth', 'operational excellence', 'market leadership', 'strategic resources', 'growth journey', 'strategic acquisitions', 'Menlo Park', 'New York', 'independent expert', 'total assets', 'fee-generating assets', 'Private Capital', 'Real Assets', 'long-term capital', 'preliminary recommendation', 'information purposes', 'local restrictions', 'minority shareholders', 'The Board', 'share capital', 'Believe shares', 'Offer price', 'intention', '15.30 euros', 'premiums', '120-day', 'April', 'Finexsi', 'Paris', 'retrait', 'Squeeze', 'assimilation', 'entity', 'Founder', 'CEO', 'company', 'funds', 'TCV', 'context', 'work', 'draft', 'merits', 'consequences', 'employees', 'review', 'report', 'absence', 'AMF', 'closing', 'less', 'compensation', 'Disclaimer', 'solicitation', 'country', 'certainty', 'dissemination', 'publication', 'distribution', 'countries', 'persons', 'possession', 'Europe', 'Asia-Pacific', 'Americas', 'investing', 'mission', 'support', 'founding', '150 IPOs', 'London', 'investments', 'world']",2025-04-16,2025-04-17,globenewswire.com
50146,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2025/04/16/3062817/0/en/Weekly-share-repurchase-program-transaction-details.html,Weekly share repurchase program transaction details,Amsterdam  April 16  2025  SBM Offshore reports the transaction details related to its EUR130 million (c. US$140 million) share repurchase program for...,"Amsterdam  April 16  2025SBM Offshore reports the transaction details related to its EUR130 million (c. US$140 million) share repurchase program for the period April 10  2025 through April 16  2025.The repurchases were made under the EUR65 million share repurchase program announced on February 29  2024  effective from March 1  2024 and increased by EUR65 million as announced on August 8  2024. The objective of the program is to reduce share capital and  in addition  to provide shares for regular management and employee share programs. Information regarding the progress of the share repurchase program and the aggregate of the transactions (calculated on a daily basis) for the period March 1  2024 through April 16  2025 can be found in the top half of the table below. Further detailed information regarding both the progress of the share repurchase program and all individual transactions can be accessed via the Investors section of the Company’s website.Share Repurchase Program Overall progress Share Repurchase Program: Total Repurchase Amount EUR 130 000 000 Cumulative Repurchase Amount EUR 127 650 637 Cumulative Quantity Repurchased 7 841 957 Cumulative Average Repurchase Price EUR 16.28 Start Date March 1  2024 Percentage of program completed as of April 16  2025 98.19% Overview of details of last 5 trading days: Trade DateQuantity Repurchased Average Purchase Price Settlement Amount April 10  2025 45 815 EUR 17.15 EUR 785 796 April 11  2025 49 947 EUR 15.97 EUR 797 793 April 14  2025 48 655 EUR 16.40 EUR 797 888 April 15  2025 47 680 EUR 16.73 EUR 797 796 April 16  2025 47 425 EUR 16.75 EUR 794 293 Total 239 522 EUR 16.59 EUR 3 973 5671All shares purchased via Euronext Amsterdam  CBOE DXE and or TurquoiseThis press release contains information which is to be made publicly available under the Market Abuse Regulation (nr. 596/2014). The information concerns a regular update of the transactions conducted under SBM Offshore’s current share repurchase program  as announced by the Company on February 29  2024 and August 8  2024  details of which are available on its website.Corporate ProfileSBM Offshore is the world’s deepwater ocean-infrastructure expert. Through the design  construction  installation  and operation of offshore floating facilities  we play a pivotal role in a just transition. By advancing our core  we deliver cleaner  more efficient energy production. By pioneering more  we unlock new markets within the blue economy.More than 7 800 SBMers collaborate worldwide to deliver innovative solutions as a responsible partner towards a sustainable future  balancing ocean protection with progress.For further information  please visit our website at www.sbmoffshore.com.Financial Calendar Date Year First Quarter 2025 Trading Update May 15 2025 Half Year 2025 Earnings August 7 2025 Third Quarter 2025 Trading Update November 13 2025 Full Year 2025 Earnings February 26 2026 Annual General Meeting April 15 2026For further information  please contact:Investor RelationsWouter HoltiesCorporate Finance & Investor Relations ManagerMobile: +31 (0) 2 02 36 32 36 E-mail: wouter.holties@sbmoffshore.com Website: www.sbmoffshore.comMedia RelationsGiampaolo ArghittuHead of External RelationsPhone: +31 (0) 6 212 62 333 / +39 33 494 79 584 E-mail: giampaolo.arghittu@sbmoffshore.com Website: www.sbmoffshore.comMarket Abuse RegulationThis press release may contain inside information within the meaning of Article 7(1) of the EU Market Abuse Regulation.DisclaimerSome of the statements contained in this release that are not historical facts are statements of future expectations and other forward-looking statements based on management’s current views and assumptions and involve known and unknown risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results  performance  or events to differ materially from those in such statements. These statements may be identified by words such as ‘expect’  ‘should’  ‘could’  ‘shall’ and similar expressions. Such forward-looking statements are subject to various risks and uncertainties. The principal risks which could affect the future operations of SBM Offshore N.V. are described in the ‘Impact  Risk and Opportunity Management’ section of the 2023 Annual Report.Should one or more of these risks or uncertainties materialize  or should underlying assumptions prove incorrect  actual results and performance of the Company’s business may vary materially and adversely from the forward-looking statements described in this release. SBM Offshore does not intend and does not assume any obligation to update any industry information or forward-looking statements set forth in this release to reflect new information  subsequent events or otherwise.This release contains certain alternative performance measures (APMs) as defined by the ESMA guidelines which are not defined under IFRS. Further information on these APMs is included in the Half-Year Management Report accompanying the Half Year Earnings 2024 report  available on our website https://www.sbmoffshore.com/investors/financial-disclosures.Nothing in this release shall be deemed an offer to sell  or a solicitation of an offer to buy  any securities. The companies in which SBM Offshore N.V. directly and indirectly owns investments are separate legal entities. In this release “SBM Offshore” and “SBM” are sometimes used for convenience where references are made to SBM Offshore N.V. and its subsidiaries in general. These expressions are also used where no useful purpose is served by identifying the particular company or companies.""SBM Offshore®""  the SBM logomark  “Fast4Ward®”  “emissionZERO®” and “F4W®” are proprietary marks owned by SBM Offshore.Attachment",neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,negative,0.0,0.03,0.97,True,English,"['repurchase program transaction details', 'Weekly share', 'Average Purchase Price Settlement Amount', 'EUR65 million share repurchase program', 'Overall progress Share Repurchase Program', 'Cumulative Average Repurchase Price', 'EU Market Abuse Regulation', 'Financial Calendar Date Year', 'Investor Relations Manager Mobile', 'current share repurchase program', 'SBM Offshore N.V.', 'Half Year Earnings 2024 report', 'Total Repurchase Amount', 'Cumulative Repurchase Amount', 'employee share programs', 'deepwater ocean-infrastructure expert', 'efficient energy production', 'offshore floating facilities', '2026 Annual General Meeting', 'last 5 trading days', 'Half-Year Management Report', 'incorrect, actual results', 'Opportunity Management’ section', 'alternative performance measures', 'other forward-looking statements', 'Such forward-looking statements', 'EUR130 million', '2023 Annual Report', 'share capital', 'Cumulative Quantity', 'Full Year', 'current views', 'top half', 'Start Date', 'Trade Date', 'Media Relations', 'External Relations', 'Trading Update', 'regular management', 'daily basis', 'Investors section', 'Quantity Repurchased', 'CBOE DXE', 'regular update', 'Corporate Profile', 'pivotal role', 'new markets', 'blue economy', 'innovative solutions', 'responsible partner', 'sustainable future', 'ocean protection', 'First Quarter', 'Third Quarter', 'Corporate Finance', 'historical facts', 'future expectations', 'similar expressions', 'future operations', 'ESMA guidelines', 'unknown risks', 'various risks', 'principal risks', 'Euronext Amsterdam', 'underlying assumptions', 'subsequent events', 'detailed information', 'industry information', 'new information', 'transaction details', 'individual transactions', 'press release', 'Wouter Holties', 'Giampaolo Arghittu', 'Further information', '2025 Earnings', 'April', 'period', 'repurchases', 'February', 'March', 'August', 'objective', 'addition', 'shares', 'aggregate', 'table', 'Company', 'website', '2024 Percentage', 'Overview', 'Turquoise', 'nr', 'world', 'design', 'construction', 'installation', 'transition', 'core', 'More', '7,800 SBMers', 'sbmoffshore', 'mail', 'Head', 'Phone', 'inside', 'meaning', 'Article', 'Disclaimer', 'uncertainties', 'words', 'business', 'obligation', 'APMs', 'IFRS']",2025-04-16,2025-04-17,globenewswire.com
50147,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.independent.ie/business/ucd-headquartered-assiduous-gets-1m-in-funding-and-launches-ai-to-support-smes/a217646426.html,UCD-headquartered Assiduous gets €1m in funding and launches AI to support SMEs,Assiduous  a company that uses AI to help SMEs raise capital  has secured €1m in funding.,Assiduous  a company that uses AI to help SMEs raise capital  has secured €1m in funding.The company  headquartered at NovaUCD  University College Dublin’s research hub  also announced that it will launch a corporate finance autopilot – a virtual service-as-a-software (SAAS) platform – which will use AI to bridge the gap between business owners and capital markets.Fergal Meegan  CEO of Assiduous  said the company hopes AI can help small and medium-sized businesses catch up with bigger organisations.“Businesses are at a pivotal moment in the application of technology to the provision of professional services. We are only scratching the surface with the value that can be created for business owners from leveraging AI to do more with less ” he said.“By democratising access to digitisation and AI  SMEs will be prepared for raising capital and other transactions. This expertise is aimed at more small and medium-sized business owners seeking to contemplate  plan and execute high-value corporate actions.”The company said the private investment round where it secured the funding was oversubscribed. It was backed by a number of business owners and executives  with the support of Enterprise Ireland’s high-potential start-up (HPSU) funding.It will use the funding to bring its AI to the market and to develop its product over the next two years.Set up in 2023  Assiduous recently completed the EU co-funded EIT Digital’s Open Innovation Factory  where it received a €500k funding package to commercialise its AI engine.The company has also collaborated with European stock exchange platform Euronext Group to allow small and medium-sized companies access into Euronext markets earlier in their lifecycle.Conor O’Donovan  head of start-ups at Enterprise Ireland  said  “Assiduous is an excellent example of a forward-thinking Irish start-up that is using technology to address a massive unmet market need.“The company’s growth plan aligns with the strategy to support and enable SMEs to engage with the start-up ecosystem  to execute financing and strategic transactions and to grow the next generation of Irish multinational corporations.”The company will also use the funding to expand its technical team. It said it plans to take advantage of “the latest advances in agentic AI and recruit product and engineering talent with a passion for applying AI to their work”.,neutral,0.08,0.92,0.0,positive,0.6,0.4,0.0,True,English,"['UCD-headquartered Assiduous', 'funding', 'AI', 'SMEs', 'European stock exchange platform', 'massive unmet market need', 'University College Dublin', 'corporate finance autopilot', 'high-value corporate actions', 'private investment round', 'Open Innovation Factory', 'Conor O’Donovan', 'Irish multinational corporations', 'next two years', 'thinking Irish start-up', '€500k funding package', 'medium-sized business owners', 'SAAS) platform', 'next generation', 'high-potential start-up', 'medium-sized companies', 'start-up ecosystem', 'research hub', 'virtual service', 'Fergal Meegan', 'bigger organisations', 'pivotal moment', 'professional services', 'other transactions', 'Enterprise Ireland', 'EIT Digital', 'Euronext Group', 'Euronext markets', 'excellent example', 'growth plan', 'strategic transactions', 'technical team', 'latest advances', 'engineering talent', 'medium-sized businesses', 'HPSU) funding', 'capital markets', 'AI engine', 'agentic AI', 'Assiduous', 'company', 'SMEs', 'NovaUCD', 'software', 'gap', 'CEO', 'small', 'application', 'technology', 'provision', 'surface', 'less', 'access', 'digitisation', 'expertise', 'number', 'executives', 'support', 'product', 'lifecycle', 'head', 'start-ups', 'forward', 'strategy', 'financing', 'advantage', 'passion', 'work']",2025-04-16,2025-04-17,independent.ie
50148,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2025/04/16/3062264/0/en/ASML-reports-7-7-billion-total-net-sales-and-2-4-billion-net-income-in-Q1-2025.html,ASML reports €7.7 billion total net sales and €2.4 billion net income in Q1 2025,ASML reports €7.7 billion total net sales and €2.4 billion net income in Q1 2025 2025 total net sales expected to be between €30 billion and €35 billion...,"ASML reports €7.7 billion total net sales and €2.4 billion net income in Q1 20252025 total net sales expected to be between €30 billion and €35 billionVELDHOVEN  the Netherlands  April 16  2025 – Today  ASML Holding NV (ASML) has published its 2025 first-quarter results.Q1 total net sales of €7.7 billion  gross margin of 54.0%  net income of €2.4 billionQuarterly net bookings in Q1 of €3.9 billion 2 of which €1.2 billion is EUVof which €1.2 billion is EUV ASML expects Q2 2025 total net sales between €7.2 billion and €7.7 billion  and a gross margin between 50% and 53% 3ASML continues to expect 2025 total net sales to be between €30 billion and €35 billion  with a gross margin between 51% and 53%(Figures in millions of euros unless otherwise indicated) Q4 2024Q1 2025 Total net sales 9 2637 742 ...of which Installed Base Management sales1 2 1472 001 New lithography systems sold (units) 11973 Used lithography systems sold (units) 134 Net bookings2 7 0883 936 Gross profit 4 7904 180 Gross margin (%) 51.754.0 Net income 2 6932 355 EPS (basic; in euros) 6.856.00 End-quarter cash and cash equivalents and short-term investments 12 7419 104(1) Installed Base Management sales equals our net service and field option sales.(2) Net bookings include all system sales orders and inflation-related adjustments  for which written authorizations have been accepted.(3) The bandwidth for Q2 2025 gross margin guidance is larger than usual  given the uncertainty around the impact of tariffs.Numbers have been rounded for readers' convenience. A complete summary of US GAAP Consolidated Statements of Operations is published on www.asml.com.CEO statement and outlook""Our first-quarter total net sales came in at €7.7 billion  in line with our guidance. The gross margin was 54.0%  above guidance  driven by a favorable EUV product mix and the achievement of performance milestones. In the first quarter  we shipped our fifth High NA system  and we now have these systems at three customers.""Our conversations so far with customers support our expectation that 2025 and 2026 will be growth years. However  the recent tariff announcements have increased uncertainty in the macro environment and the situation will remain dynamic for a while. As previously shared  artificial intelligence continues to be the primary growth driver in our industry. It has created a shift in the market dynamics that benefits some customers more than others  contributing to both upside potential and downside risks as reflected in our 2025 revenue range.""We expect second-quarter total net sales between €7.2 billion and €7.7 billion  with a gross margin between 50% and 53%3. We expect R&D costs of around €1.2 billion and SG&A costs of around €300 million. As we previously communicated  we expect total net sales for the year between €30 billion and €35 billion  with a gross margin between 51% and 53%  subject to the uncertainties mentioned earlier "" said ASML President and Chief Executive Officer Christophe Fouquet.Update dividend and share buyback programASML intends to declare a total dividend for the year 2024 of €6.40 per ordinary share  which is a 4.9% increase compared to 2023.Recognizing the three interim dividends of €1.52 per ordinary share paid in 2024 and 2025  this leads to a final dividend proposal to the Annual General Meeting of €1.84 per ordinary share.In the first quarter  we purchased around €2.7 billion worth of shares under the current 2022-2025 share buyback program.Details of the share buyback program as well as transactions pursuant thereto  and details of the dividend are published on ASML's website (www.asml.com/investors).Media Relations contacts Investor Relations contacts Monique Mols +31 6 5284 4418 Jim Kavanagh +31 40 268 3938 Willem van Ewijk +31 6 2744 1187 Pete Convertito +1 203 919 1714 Karen Lo +886 9 397 88635 Peter Cheang +886 3 659 6771Quarterly video interview and investor callWith this press release  ASML is publishing a video interview in which CEO Christophe Fouquet and CFO Roger Dassen discuss the 2025 first-quarter and outlook for 2025. This video and the video transcript can be viewed on www.asml.com shortly after the publication of this press release.An investor call for both investors and the media will be hosted by CEO Christophe Fouquet and CFO Roger Dassen on April 16  2025 at 15:00 Central European Time / 09:00 US Eastern Time. Details can be found on our website.About ASMLASML is a leading supplier to the semiconductor industry. The company provides chipmakers with hardware  software and services to mass produce the patterns of integrated circuits (microchips). Together with its partners  ASML drives the advancement of more affordable  more powerful  more energy-efficient microchips. ASML enables groundbreaking technology to solve some of humanity's toughest challenges  such as in healthcare  energy use and conservation  mobility and agriculture. ASML is a multinational company headquartered in Veldhoven  the Netherlands  with offices across EMEA  the US and Asia. Every day  ASML’s more than 44 100 employees (FTE) challenge the status quo and push technology to new limits. ASML is traded on Euronext Amsterdam and NASDAQ under the symbol ASML. Discover ASML – our products  technology and career opportunities – at www.asml.com.US GAAP ReportingASML's primary accounting standard for quarterly earnings releases and annual reports is US GAAP  the accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. Quarterly summary US GAAP consolidated statements of operations  consolidated statements of cash flows and consolidated balance sheets are available on www.asml.com.The consolidated balance sheets of ASML Holding N.V. as of March 30  2025  the related consolidated statements of operations and consolidated statements of cash flows for the quarter and three months ended March 30  2025 as presented in this press release are unaudited.Regulated informationThis press release contains inside information within the meaning of Article 7(1) of the EU Market Abuse Regulation.Forward Looking StatementsThis document and related discussions contain statements that are forward-looking within the meaning of the U.S. Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995  including statements with respect to plans  strategies  expected trends  including trends in the semiconductor industry and end markets and business environment trends  expected growth in the semiconductor industry by 2030  our expectation that AI will be the key driver for the industry and the expected impact of AI demand on our business and results  our expectation that lithography will remain at the heart of customer innovation  expected demand  bookings  outlook of market segments  outlook and expected financial results including expected results for Q2 2025  including net sales  Installed Base Management sales  gross margin  R&D costs  SG&A costs  outlook for full year 2025  including expected full year 2025 total net sales  gross margin  estimated annualized effective tax rate and expected growth in IBM sales  the expectation that 2025 and 2026 will be growth years  statements made at our 2024 Investor Day  including revenue and gross margin opportunity for 2030  statements with respect to the recent US tariff announcements and the expected impact of such tariffs on our business and results  our expectation to continue to return significant amounts of cash to shareholders through growing dividends and share buybacks  statements with respect to our share buyback program  and statements with respect to dividends  statements with respect to expected performance and capabilities of our systems and customer plans  statements with respect to our ESG strategy and other non- historical statements. You can generally identify these statements by the use of words like “may”  “expect”  “will”  “could”  “should”  “project”  “believe”  “anticipate”  “expect”  “plan”  “estimate”  “forecast”  “potential”  “intend”  “continue”  “target”  “future”  “progress”  “goal”  “model”  “opportunity” and variations of these words or comparable words. These statements are not historical facts  but rather are based on current expectations  estimates  assumptions  plans and projections about our business and our future financial results and readers should not place undue reliance on them. Forward- looking statements do not guarantee future performance and involve a number of substantial known and unknown risks and uncertainties. These risks and uncertainties include  without limitation  risks relating to customer demand  semiconductor equipment industry capacity  worldwide demand for semiconductors and semiconductor manufacturing capacity  lithography tool utilization and semiconductor inventory levels  general trends and consumer confidence in the semiconductor industry  the impact of general economic conditions  including the impact of the current macroeconomic environment on the semiconductor industry  uncertainty around a market recovery including the timing thereof  the ultimate impact of AI on our industry and business  the impact of inflation  interest rates  wars and geopolitical developments  the impact of pandemics  the performance of our systems  the success of technology advances and the pace of new product development and customer acceptance of and demand for new products  our production capacity and ability to adjust capacity to meet demand  supply chain capacity  timely availability of parts and components  raw materials  critical manufacturing equipment and qualified employees  our ability to produce systems to meet demand  the number and timing of systems ordered  shipped and recognized in revenue  risks relating to fluctuations in net bookings and our ability to convert bookings into sales  the risk of order cancellation or push outs and restrictions on shipments of ordered systems under export controls  risks relating to the trade environment  import/export and national security regulations and orders and their impact on us  including the impact of changes in export regulations and the impact of such regulations on our ability to obtain necessary licenses and to sell our systems and provide services to certain customers  the impact of the recent tariff announcements  exchange rate fluctuations  changes in tax rates  available liquidity and free cash flow and liquidity requirements  our ability to refinance our indebtedness  available cash and distributable reserves for  and other factors impacting  dividend payments and share repurchases  the number of shares that we repurchase under our share repurchase program  our ability to enforce patents and protect intellectual property rights and the outcome of intellectual property disputes and litigation  our ability to meet ESG goals and execute our ESG strategy  other factors that may impact ASML’s business or financial results  and other risks indicated in the risk factors included in ASML’s Annual Report on Form 20-F for the year ended December 31  2024 and other filings with and submissions to the US Securities and Exchange Commission. These forward-looking statements are made only as of the date of this document. We undertake no obligation to update any forward-looking statements after the date of this report or to conform such statements to actual results or revised expectations  except as required by law.Attachments",neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,negative,0.0,0.18,0.82,True,English,"['€7.7\xa0billion total net sales', 'net income', 'ASML', 'Q1', 'current 2022-2025 share buyback program', 'fifth High NA system', 'US GAAP Consolidated Statements', 'powerful, more energy-efficient microchips', 'favorable EUV product mix', 'Q2 2025 total net sales', 'second-quarter total net sales', '€7.7 billion total net sales', 'first-quarter total net sales', 'Q1 total net sales', 'Q2 2025 gross margin guidance', 'system sales orders', 'Base Management sales', 'field option sales', 'recent tariff announcements', 'R&D costs', 'SG&A costs', 'Chief Executive Officer', 'Annual General Meeting', 'Willem van Ewijk', 'CFO Roger Dassen', '15:00 Central European Time', '09:00 US Eastern Time', 'primary growth driver', 'three interim dividends', 'Quarterly net bookings', '2,001 New lithography systems', 'Used lithography systems', 'Investor Relations contacts', 'final dividend proposal', 'Media Relations contacts', 'CEO Christophe Fouquet', 'Quarterly video interview', 'ASML Holding NV', 'total dividend', '€2.7 billion worth', 'net income', '4 Net bookings2', 'net service', 'ordinary share', 'CEO statement', 'growth years', '4,180 Gross margin', '2025 first-quarter results', 'investor call', '3,936 Gross profit', 'End-quarter cash', 'cash equivalents', 'short-term investments', 'inflation-related adjustments', 'written authorizations', ""readers' convenience"", 'complete summary', 'performance milestones', 'first quarter', 'macro environment', 'artificial intelligence', 'market dynamics', 'upside potential', 'downside risks', '2025 revenue range', 'Update dividend', 'Monique Mols', 'Jim Kavanagh', 'Pete Convertito', 'Karen Lo', 'Peter Cheang', 'press release', 'video transcript', 'leading supplier', 'integrated circuits', 'groundbreaking technology', 'toughest challenges', 'energy use', 'three customers', 'EUV ASML', 'semiconductor industry', 'multinational company', 'ASML President', 'VELDHOVEN', 'Netherlands', 'April', 'Figures', 'millions', 'euros', 'Q4', '55 EPS', 'bandwidth', 'uncertainty', 'impact', 'tariffs', 'Numbers', 'Operations', 'outlook', 'line', 'achievement', 'conversations', 'expectation', 'situation', 'shift', 'others', 'uncertainties', '4.9% increase', 'shares', 'Details', 'transactions', 'website', 'investors', 'publication', 'chipmakers', 'hardware', 'software', 'services', 'patterns', 'partners', 'advancement', 'humanity', 'healthcare', 'conservation', 'mobility', 'agriculture', 'offices', 'EMEA', 'Asia', '€2.4', '2026']",2025-04-16,2025-04-17,globenewswire.com
