UID,Searchword,API,URL,Title,Summary,Article,Title_Sentiment,Title_Positive,Title_Neutral,Title_Negative,Article_Sentiment,Article_Positive,Article_Neutral,Article_Negative,Verified,Language,Topics,Date,Load_Date,Source
12927,Deutsche Boerse,Twitter API,Twitter,CoinShares launches staked Algorand ETP on Deutsche Boerse Xetra #BinanceTTC $TTC #TechTrees,nan,CoinShares launches staked Algorand ETP on Deutsche Boerse Xetra #BinanceTTC $TTC #TechTrees,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,True,English,"['Deutsche Boerse Xetra', 'Algorand ETP', 'BinanceTTC $TTC', 'CoinShares', 'TechTrees', 'Deutsche Boerse Xetra', 'Algorand ETP', 'BinanceTTC $TTC', 'CoinShares', 'TechTrees']",2023-03-26,2023-03-30,Unknown
21386,Deutsche Boerse,Twitter API,Twitter,Reminder before going to bed tonight to change my clocks to Deutsche Börse time.,nan,Reminder before going to bed tonight to change my clocks to Deutsche Börse time.,neutral,0.04,0.96,0.01,neutral,0.04,0.96,0.01,True,English,"['Deutsche Börse time', 'Reminder', 'bed', 'clocks', 'Deutsche Börse time', 'Reminder', 'bed', 'clocks']",2023-03-26,2023-03-30,Unknown
21433,Deutsche Boerse,Twitter API,Twitter,wikifolio whispers a.m. Facebook  Deutsche Post  Berkshire Hathaway  Apple  Airbus Group  Amazon  BB  https://t.co/1MprvIrKAP,nan,wikifolio whispers a.m. Facebook  Deutsche Post  Berkshire Hathaway  Apple  Airbus Group  Amazon  BB  https://t.co/1MprvIrKAP,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,True,English,"['Deutsche Post', 'Berkshire Hathaway', 'Airbus Group', 'whispers', 'Facebook', 'Apple', 'Amazon', 'BB', 'Deutsche Post', 'Berkshire Hathaway', 'Airbus Group', 'whispers', 'Facebook', 'Apple', 'Amazon', 'BB']",2023-03-28,2023-03-30,Unknown
21525,Deutsche Boerse,Twitter API,Twitter,A great visit to @TPGallery today to see the Deutsche Börse Photography Foundation Prize 2023 – Exhibition and the… https://t.co/YwatSL5JUA,nan,A great visit to @TPGallery today to see the Deutsche Börse Photography Foundation Prize 2023 – Exhibition and the… https://t.co/YwatSL5JUA,positive,0.99,0.01,0.0,positive,0.99,0.01,0.0,True,English,"['Deutsche Börse Photography Foundation Prize', 'great visit', 'Exhibition', 'YwatSL5JUA', 'Deutsche Börse Photography Foundation Prize', 'great visit', 'Exhibition', 'YwatSL5JUA']",2023-03-29,2023-03-30,Unknown
21597,Euroclear,NewsApi.org,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/international-petroleum-corp-annual-general-163000971.html,International Petroleum Corp. Annual General Meeting to be held on May 3  2023,TORONTO  March 29  2023 (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) -- International Petroleum Corporation (“IPC” or the “Corporation”) (TSX  Nasdaq Stockholm: IPCO) is pleased to...,"International Petroleum CorporationTORONTO  March 29  2023 (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) -- International Petroleum Corporation (“IPC” or the “Corporation”) (TSX  Nasdaq Stockholm: IPCO) is pleased to announce that its Annual General Meeting of shareholders will be held at the offices of Blake  Cassels and Graydon LLP  Suite 3500  855 - 2nd Street S.W.  Calgary  Alberta  Canada T2P 4J8 on Wednesday  May 3  2023 at 8:00 a.m. (Mountain time)  for the following purposes:To receive the audited consolidated financial statements of the Corporation for the financial year ended December 31  2022 and accompanying report of the auditor  and the management’s discussion and analysis of the Corporation for the year ended December 31  2022; To set the number of directors of the Corporation at six; To elect the six nominees of the Corporation standing for election as directors of the Corporation to hold office until the next annual meeting of Shareholders or until his or her successor is duly elected or appointed; To appoint PricewaterhouseCoopers SA  as the auditor of the Corporation  to hold office until the next annual general meeting of Shareholders and to authorize the directors to fix the auditor’s remuneration; and To transact such other business as may properly come before the Meeting or any adjournment(s) or postponement(s) of the Meeting.The record date for the Annual General Meeting is March 16  2023. The Notice of Meeting  the Management Information Circular dated March 24  2023 (the “Information Circular”) and related Meeting materials  and the Corporation’s Annual Information Form for the year ended December 31  2022  are available under the Corporation’s profile on SEDAR at www.sedar.com and on the Corporation’s website at www.international-petroleum.com.The Corporation is not aware of any items of business to be brought before the Meeting other than those described in the Information Circular and there will be no management presentation on the business and operations of the Corporation at the Meeting.Story continuesAdvice to Holders of Euroclear Sweden Registered Common SharesShareholders who hold their common shares (“Euroclear Registered Common Shares”) through Euroclear Sweden AB  which common shares trade on the NASDAQ Stockholm  are not registered holders of common shares for the purposes of voting at the Meeting. Instead  Euroclear Registered Common Shares are registered under CDS & Co.  the registration name of the Canadian Depositary for Securities. Holders of Euroclear Registered Common Shares will receive a voting instruction form (the “VIF”) by mail directly from Computershare AB (“Computershare Sweden”). Additional copies of the VIF  together with the Information Circular  can also be obtained from Computershare Sweden and are available on the Corporation’s website at www.international-petroleum.com. The VIF cannot be used to vote common shares directly at the Meeting. Instead  the VIF must be completed and returned to Computershare Sweden  strictly in accordance with the instructions and deadlines as further described in the instructions provided with the VIF.International Petroleum Corp. (IPC) is an international oil and gas exploration and production company with a high quality portfolio of assets located in Canada  Malaysia and France  providing a solid foundation for organic and inorganic growth. IPC is a member of the Lundin Group of Companies. IPC is incorporated in Canada and IPC’s shares are listed on the Toronto Stock Exchange (TSX) and the Nasdaq Stockholm under the symbol ""IPCO"".For further information  please contact:Rebecca GordonVP Corporate Planning and Investor Relationsrebecca.gordon@international-petroleum.comTel: +41 22 595 10 50 Or Robert ErikssonMedia Managerreriksson@rive6.chTel: +46 701 11 26 15Forward-Looking StatementsThis press release contains statements and information which constitute ""forward-looking statements"" or ""forward-looking information"" (within the meaning of applicable securities legislation). Such statements and information (together  ""forward-looking statements"") relate to future events  including the Corporation's future performance  business prospects or opportunities. Actual results may differ materially from those expressed or implied by forward-looking statements. The forward-looking statements contained in this press release are expressly qualified by this cautionary statement. Forward-looking statements speak only as of the date of this press release  unless otherwise indicated. IPC does not intend  and does not assume any obligation  to update these forward-looking statements  except as required by applicable laws.All statements other than statements of historical fact may be forward-looking statements. Any statements that express or involve discussions with respect to predictions  expectations  beliefs  plans  projections  forecasts  guidance  budgets  objectives  assumptions or future events or performance (often  but not always  using words or phrases such as ""seek""  ""anticipate""  ""plan""  ""continue""  ""estimate""  ""expect""  ""may""  ""will""  ""project""  “forecast”  ""predict""  ""potential""  ""targeting""  ""intend""  ""could""  ""might""  ""should""  ""believe""  ""budget"" and similar expressions) are not statements of historical fact and may be ""forward-looking statements"".",neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,positive,0.39,0.35,0.26,True,English,"['International Petroleum Corp. Annual General Meeting', 'May', '2nd Street S.W.', 'Robert Eriksson Media Manager', 'Euroclear Registered Common Shares', 'next annual general meeting', 'high quality portfolio', 'VP Corporate Planning', 'next annual meeting', 'International Petroleum Corp.', 'Euroclear Sweden AB', 'Annual Information Form', 'voting instruction form', 'Toronto Stock Exchange', 'applicable securities legislation', 'consolidated financial statements', 'International Petroleum Corporation', 'Management Information Circular', 'international oil', 'Computershare AB', 'applicable laws', 'Computershare Sweden', 'GLOBE NEWSWIRE', 'Nasdaq Stockholm', 'Graydon LLP', 'Mountain time', 'accompanying report', 'six nominees', 'PricewaterhouseCoopers SA', 'management presentation', 'registration name', 'Canadian Depositary', 'Additional copies', 'gas exploration', 'production company', 'solid foundation', 'inorganic growth', 'Lundin Group', 'Investor Relations', 'press release', 'future events', 'Actual results', 'cautionary statement', 'historical fact', 'looking information', 'financial year', 'Meeting materials', 'Forward-Looking Statements', 'Such statements', 'following purposes', 'other business', 'record date', 'Rebecca Gordon', 'future performance', 'business prospects', 'The Corporation', 'The VIF', 'IPC', 'TSX', 'shareholders', 'offices', 'Blake', 'Cassels', 'Suite', 'Calgary', 'Alberta', 'Canada', 'Wednesday', 'May', '8:00 a', 'auditor', 'discussion', 'analysis', 'December', 'number', 'directors', 'election', 'successor', 'remuneration', 'adjournment', 'postponement', 'March', 'Notice', 'related', 'profile', 'SEDAR', 'website', 'items', 'operations', 'Story', 'Advice', 'CDS', 'Co.', 'mail', 'accordance', 'instructions', 'deadlines', 'assets', 'Malaysia', 'France', 'member', 'Companies', 'symbol', 'Tel', 'meaning', 'opportunities', 'obligation', 'respect', 'predictions', 'expectations', 'beliefs', 'plans', 'projections', 'forecasts', 'guidance', 'budgets', 'objectives', 'assumptions', 'words', 'phrases', '855', '46']",2023-03-29,2023-03-30,finance.yahoo.com
21598,Euroclear,NewsApi.org,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/notice-annual-general-meeting-hexagon-063300013.html,Notice to the Annual General Meeting in Hexagon AB (publ),The Board of Directors has  pursuant to Chapter 7  Section 4 a of the Swedish Companies Act (Sw. aktiebolagslagen) and the company's Articles of Association ...,"The shareholders of Hexagon AB are invited to attend the Annual General Meeting (AGM) to be held at 16:00 CET on Tuesday 2 May 2023  at IVA Conference Center  Grev Turegatan 16  Stockholm.STOCKHOLM  March 29  2023 /PRNewswire/ -- The Board of Directors has  pursuant to Chapter 7  Section 4 a of the Swedish Companies Act (Sw. aktiebolagslagen) and the company's Articles of Association  decided that shareholders shall be able to exercise their voting rights by postal voting before the General Meeting. Consequently  shareholders may choose to exercise their voting rights at the AGM by attending in person  through a proxy or by postal voting.A. PARTICIPATION IN PERSON OR BY PROXYShareholders who wish to attend the AGM must:firstly   be recorded as shareholders in the share register maintained by Euroclear Sweden AB on Friday 21 April 2023  andsecondly   notify the company of their attendance no later than Tuesday 25 April 2023  according to the instructions below.Notice of attendance to the Annual General Meeting can be given on Hexagon's website  www.hexagon.com  or by post to: Hexagon AB  ""Annual General Meeting""  c/o Euroclear Sweden AB  P.O. Box 191  SE-101 23 Stockholm  Sweden or by phone +46 8-402 92 21  on 25 April 2023 at the latest.When giving notice of attendance  the shareholder must state their name  personal identity number/corporate identity number  address  telephone number (daytime) and shareholding.For shareholders who wish to be represented by a proxy  an original proxy to act on behalf of the shareholder should be attached to the notice of attendance. A proxy form will be available on the company's website www.hexagon.com and will be sent by post to shareholders that contact the company and state their address. Representatives of a legal entity should also send a copy of the registration certificate or similar documentation of authorisation.B. PARTICIPATION BY POSTAL VOTINGShareholders may exercise their voting rights through postal voting. Shareholders who wish to participate in the Annual General Meeting by postal voting must:Story continuesfirstly   be recorded as shareholder in the share register maintained by Euroclear Sweden AB on Friday 21 April 2023  andsecondly   notify the company by submitting a postal vote in accordance with the instructions below  so that the postal vote is received by Euroclear Sweden AB no later than Tuesday 25 April 2023.A special form must be used for the postal vote. The postal voting form is available on the company's website www.hexagon.com. A separate notification to the Annual General Meeting is not required as the postal voting form willbe considered as a notification. Completed and signed postal voting forms can be sent by mail to Hexagon AB  ""Annual General Meeting""  c/o Euroclear Sweden AB  P.O. Box 191  SE-101 23 Stockholm  Sweden  or by e-mail to GeneralMeetingService@euroclear.com. Completed and signed forms must be received by Euroclear Sweden AB no later than 25 April 2023. Shareholders may also cast their votes electronically through verification with BankID via Euroclear Sweden AB's website https://anmalan.vpc.se/EuroclearProxy  by 25 April 2023 at the latest.Shareholders may not submit special instructions or conditions with the postal vote. In such cases  the entire postal vote will be invalid. Further instructions and conditions can be found in the postal voting form and at https://anmalan.vpc.se/EuroclearProxy.If the shareholder submits the postal vote by proxy  a written and dated power of attorney signed by the shareholder must be attached to the postal voting form. Proxy forms are available on the company's website www.hexagon.com and will be sent on request to shareholders who state their postal address. If the shareholder is a legal person  a registration certificate or other authorization document must be attached to the form.Please note that shareholders who wish to attend the Annual General Meeting in person or by proxy must notify the company in accordance with the instructions under the heading ""Participation in person or by proxy"" above. A notification of participation by postal voting is not sufficient for shareholders who wish to attend the Annual General Meeting in person or by proxy.C. NOMINEE-REGISTERED SHARESTo participate in the AGM  shareholders with nominee-registered shares must – in addition to notification to the company of their attendance or submission of a postal vote – request their bank or broker to have the shares owner-registered with Euroclear Sweden AB  in order for the shareholder to be recorded in the share register. Such re-registration must be made by 21 April 2023 and the nominee should be notified in due time before this date. Re-registration requested by the shareholder in such time that the registration has been completed by the nominee no later than 25 April 2023 will be taken into account in the preparation of the share register.D. AGENDA OF THE ANNUAL GENERAL MEETINGProposal for agenda1. Opening of the Meeting.2. Election of Chairman of the Meeting.3. Preparation and approval of the voting list.4. Approval of the agenda.5. Election of two persons to check the minutes.6. Determination of compliance with the rules of convocation.7. Address by the President.8. Presentation of(a) the annual report and the auditors' report  as well as the consolidated financial report and auditors' report on the consolidated financial report for the financial year 2022 (b) a statement from the company's auditor confirming compliance with the guidelines for the remuneration of senior executives that have applied since the preceding Annual General Meeting  and(c) the proposal of the Board of Directors for the dividend and statement thereon.9. Resolutions concerning(a) adoption of the income statement and balance sheet  and of the consolidated income statement and consolidated balance sheet  all as per 31 December 2022 (b) disposition of the Company's profit as set forth in the balance sheet adopted by the Meeting and the record date for dividend distribution  and(c) discharge of the Board of Directors and the Managing Director from personal liability.10. Determination of the number of members and deputy members of the Board of Directors.11. Determination of the fees to be paid to the board members and auditors.12. Election of board members and auditors.13. Election of members of the Nomination Committee.14. Resolution on approval of remuneration report.15. Resolution on a performance based long term incentive programme(Share Programme 2023/2026)16. Authorization for the Board of Directors on acquisition and transfer of own shares.17. Authorization for the Board of Directors to issue shares  convertibles and/or warrants.18. Closing of the Meeting.Proposals for resolutionsElection of Chairman of the Meeting (item 2)The Nomination Committee elected in anticipation of the 2023 Annual General Meeting  comprising Mikael Ekdahl (Melker Schörling AB)  Jan Dworsky (Swedbank Robur fonder)  Liselott Ledin (Alecta) and Anders Oscarsson (AMF and AMF Fonder) has proposed that Gun Nilsson be elected Chairman of the 2023 Annual General Meeting.Proposal for resolution on dividend (item 9 b)For the financial year 2022  the Board of Directors proposes that a dividend of EUR 0.12 per share be declared. Thursday 4 May 2023 is proposed as the record date for the right to receive dividend. If the Annual General Meeting so resolves  the dividend is expected to be distributed by Euroclear Sweden AB starting on Thursday 11 May 2023. Payment is made in EUR  provided that EUR can be received by the shareholder's yield account; if not  payment will be distributed in SEK  whereby currency exchange is made in accordance with Euroclear Sweden AB's applicable procedures.Proposals regarding election of board members and auditor and fees (items 10-12)The Nomination Committee proposes the following:The number of Board Members shall be seven  without deputies.Directors' fees shall be paid as follows: SEK 2 200 000 to the Chairman of the Board and SEK 690 000 to each of the other Board Members elected by the Annual General Meeting who are not employed by the company. As remuneration for committee work  the chairman of the Remuneration Committee shall receive SEK 85 000 and each member of the Remuneration Committee SEK 60 000 and the chairman of the Audit Committee shall receive SEK 325 000 and member of the Audit Committee SEK 250 000.Re-election of Board Members Ola Rollén  Gun Nilsson  John Brandon  Sofia Schörling Högberg  Märta Schörling Andreen  Brett Watson and Erik Huggers as ordinary Board Members. Ulrika Francke  Henrik Henriksson and Patrick Söderlund have declined re-election.New election of Ola Rollén as the Chairman of the Board.Re-election of auditing firm PricewaterhouseCoopers AB as the company's auditor for a period of one year  i.e.  until the end of the Annual General Meeting 2024  in accordance with the recommendation from the Audit Committee  whereby it is noted that the auditing firm has notified that the authorised public accountant Bo Karlsson will be appointed principally responsible auditor.Fees to auditor shall be payable according to contract.Proposal for election of members of the Nomination Committee (item 13)Shareholders representing in total approximately 52 per cent of the number of votes in the company recommend that the AGM resolves as follows regarding the Nomination Committee in respect of the AGM 2024:The Nomination Committee shall have four members.Re-election of Mikael Ekdahl (Melker Schörling AB)  Jan Dworsky (Swedbank Robur fonder) and Liselott Ledin (Alecta)  and new election of Brett Watson (Infor) as members of the Nomination Committee in respect of the Annual General Meeting 2024. The Chairman of the Board shall be co-opted to the Nomination Committee.Re-election of Mikael Ekdahl as Chairman of the Nomination Committee.In case a shareholder  whom a member of the Nomination Committee represents  is no longer one of the major shareholders of Hexagon  or if a member of the Nomination Committee is no longer employed by such shareholder  or for any other reason leaves the Committee before the Annual General Meeting 2024  the Committee shall be entitled to appoint another representative among the major shareholders to replace such member.Resolution on approval of remuneration report (item 14)The Board of Directors proposes that the Annual General Meeting resolves to approve the Board of Director's report regarding compensation pursuant to Chapter 8 Section 53 a of the Swedish Companies Act.Proposal for resolution on a performance based long term incentive programme (Share Programme 2023/2026) (item 15)The Board of Directors proposes that the General Meeting resolves on implementation of a performance based long-term share programme for 2023 (""Share Programme 2023/2026"") for the group management  division managers  senior executives and key employees within the Hexagon Group as follows.The rationale for the proposalThe purpose of Share Programme 2023/2026 is to strengthen the Hexagon Group's ability to retain and recruit competent employees  provide competitive remuneration and to align the interests of the shareholders with the interests of the employees concerned. Through a share-based incentive programme  the employees' remuneration is tied to the company's earnings and value growth and creates long-term incentives for the programme participants. In light of the above  the Board of Directors believes that the implementation of Share Programme 2023/2026 may have a positive effect on the long-term value growth of the Group and  consequently  that Share Programme 2023/2026 is beneficial to both the shareholders and the company.Participants in Share Programme 2023/2026 and allocationShare Programme 2023/2026 is proposed to include a maximum of approximately2 000 senior executives and key employees within the Hexagon Group  who are divided into five groups: the President and CEO (""Group 1"")  group management (""Group 2"")  division managers (""Group 3"") and other senior executives and key employees (""Group 4"" and ""Group 5""). Invitation to participate in the programme shall be provided by Hexagon no later than 30 June 2023. Participation in Share Programme 2023/2026 requires that the participant has been employed by the Hexagon Group for at least twelve (12) months prior to the date of the offer.Participants are offered to be allocated performance awards that may entitle to Series B shares according to the conditions set out below. The performance awards shall be based on a maximum value for each participant category. The maximum value for the participants in Group 1 will be 100 per cent of the participant's annual base salary for 2022  for participants in Group 2 50 per cent of the participant's annual base salary for 2022  for participants in Group 3 and Group 4  100 per cent of the participant's annual base salary for 2022  and for participants in Group 5  35 per cent of the participant's annual base salary for 2022. The total sum of the maximum values of the performance awards thus defined for all participants will not exceed EUR 60 million  including social costs.The share price used to calculate the number of shares to which the performance awards entitles will be the volume-weighted average of the market price of Hexagon Series B shares on Nasdaq Stockholm during a period of five (5) trading days before the day the participants are offered to participate in the programme.Performance conditionAllocated performance awards entitle to the receipt of Series B shares in the company provided that the performance condition related to the development of Hexagon's earnings per share[1] compared to the target level set by the Board of Directors during the measurement period 1 January 2023 until 31 December 2026 are fulfilled  where the last financial year during the measurement period is compared with the financial year preceding the measurement period  with reservation for any reduction in the number of shares in accordance with the terms of Share Programme 2023/2026. The Board of Directors intends to present the fulfillment of the performance-based condition in the annual report for the financial year 2026.Other conditionsIn addition to the above conditions  the following shall apply for the performance awards.Performance awards shall be granted free of charge after the Annual General Meeting.Each performance award entitles the holder to receive one Series B share in the company free of charge approximately four (4) years after allotment of the award (vesting period)  provided that the above performance condition has been met and that the holder  at the time of the release of the interim report for the first quarter 2027 still is employed by the Hexagon Group. Exemptions to the requirement of employment may be granted in specific cases  including a participant's disability or retirement.The Board of Directors shall have the opportunity to make adjustments as a result of extraordinary events such as bonus issue  share split  rights issue and/or other similar events.The performance awards are non-transferable and may not be pledged.The performance awards can be granted by the company or any other company within the Group.Preparation and administrationThe Board of Directors shall be responsible for preparing the detailed terms and conditions and administration of Share Programme 2023/2026  in accordance with the above mentioned terms and guidelines. To this end  the Board of Directors shall be entitled to make adjustments to meet foreign regulations or market conditions. The Board of Directors may also make other adjustments  including for example a right to resolve on a reduced allotment of shares  if significant changes in the Hexagon Group  or its operational environment  would  as assessed by the Board of Directors  result in a situation where the established terms and conditions for Share Programme 2023/2026 no longer are appropriate or reasonable.In the event that the Board of Directors considers that the delivery of shares under Share Programme 2023/2026 cannot be achieved at a reasonable cost  with reasonable administrative efforts or due to specific market conditions  the Board of Directors shall have the right to make appropriate local adjustments to the programme or instead offer participants a cash settlement.Scope and costs of the programmeProvided that the share price for the company's Series B share at the time of allotment of performance awards under Share Programme 2023/2026 is SEK 111.80[2]  Share Programme 2023/2026 will  in accordance with the principles and assumptions set out above  comprise maximum 5 468 000 Series B shares in total  which corresponds to approximately 0.2 per cent of the total outstanding shares in the company.Provided that the performance condition is fully met  the total costs for Share Programme 2023/2026 in accordance with the principles and assumptions set out above  is estimated to a maximum of approximately EUR 60 million  allocated over the vesting period. Estimated social costs and administration costs for the programme are included in the amount.In the event that the total costs of Share Programme 2023/2026 would exceed EUR 60 million  the total number of allocated Series B shares in Hexagon will be reduced so that the total costs of Share Programme 2023/2026 will not exceed this amount. Such reduction will be made pro rata in relation to the highest value for each participant category in accordance with the above.Delivery of shares under Share Programme 2023/2026To ensure the delivery of Series B shares under Share Programme 2023/2026  the company intends to enter into an agreement with a third party on terms in accordance with market practice  under which the third party shall  in its own name  acquire and transfer Series B shares in the company to the participants in accordance with Share Programme 2023/2026.Preparation of the proposalShare Programme 2023/2026 has been initiated by the Board of Directors of Hexagon and has been structured in consultation with external advisers. Share Programme 2023/2026 has been prepared by the Remuneration Committee and reviewed at meetings with the Board of Directors.Previous incentive programmes in HexagonFor a description of Hexagon's other incentive programmes  Share Programme 2020/2023  Share Programme 2021/2024 and Share Programme 2022/2025  please see the company's Annual Report 2022  note 30  and the company's website www.hexagon.com. In addition to the programmes described therein  there are no other long term incentive programmes in Hexagon.Resolution on authorization for the Board of Directors on acquisition and transfer of own shares (item 16)Hexagon has previously  on the basis of authorization by the General Meeting  acquired own Series B shares for the purpose of using repurchased shares to give the Board of Directors the opportunity to adjust the company's capital structure  to finance potential company acquisitions  and as a hedge for the company's share-based incentive programmes. As of 1 January 2023  the company held 15 800 000 own Series B shares  corresponding to approximately 0.6 per cent of the total number of shares in the company. The Board of Directors makes the assessment that it remains advantageous for the company to continue to be able to use repurchased shares in order to adjust the company's capital structure  on account of potential company acquisitions and for the company's share-based incentive programmes.In view of the above  the Board of Directors proposes that the Annual General Meeting authorizes the Board of Directors to pass a resolution  on one or more occasions for the period up until the next Annual General Meeting  on acquisition and transfer of Series B shares in the company. Acquisition of shares may be made at a maximum of Series B shares so that the company's holding does not exceed ten (10) per cent of all shares in the company at that time. Acquisitions of shares on Nasdaq Stockholm may only occur at a price within the share price interval registered at that time  where share price interval means the difference between the highest buying price and the lowest selling price. Transfer of Series B shares may be made at a maximum of ten (10) per cent of the total number of shares in the company. A transfer may be made with deviation from the shareholders' preferential rights on Nasdaq Stockholm as well as to third parties in connection with acquisition of a company or a business. Compensation for transferred shares can be paid in cash  through an issue in kind or a set-off. Transfers of shares on Nasdaq Stockholm may only occur at a price per share within the share price interval registered at that time  where share price interval means the difference between the highest buying price and the lowest selling price. Transfer in connection with acquisitions may be made at a market value assessed by the Board of Directors.The purpose of the authorizations is (i) to give the Board of Directors the opportunity to adjust the company's capital structure and thereby contribute to increased shareholder value  (ii) to enable acquisition opportunities by financing acquisitions with the company's own shares  and (iii) to ensure the company's undertakings  due to share-related or share-based incentive programs (other than delivery of shares to participants in incentive programs)  including social security costs.The resolution according to this item requires approval from shareholders representing at least two-thirds of both the number of votes cast as well as the shares represented at the general meeting in order to be valid.Resolution on authorization for the Board of Directors to issue shares  convertibles and/or warrants (item 17)The Board of Directors proposes that the Annual General Meeting authorizes the Board of Directors during the period up until the next AGM to  on one or more occasions  with or without deviation from the shareholders' preferential rights  and with or without provisions for contribution in kind  set-off or other conditions  resolve to issue Series B shares  convertibles and/or warrants (with rights to subscribe for or convert into Series B shares). By resolutions in accordance with the authorization  the number of shares may be increased by a number corresponding to a maximum of ten (10) percent of the number of outstanding shares in the company at the time when the Board of Directors first uses the authorization.The purpose of the authorization and the reasons for a potential deviation from the shareholders' preferential rights as set out above  is to ensure financing of acquisitions of companies  part of companies or businesses or to strengthen the company's capital base and equity/assets ratio. Such issues may not require amendment of the Articles of Association applicable from time to time. In case of deviation from the shareholders' preferential rights  issues by virtue of the authorisation shall be made on market conditions. In accordance with the conditions set out above  the Board of Directors shall also be authorized to resolve on other terms as considered necessary by the Board of Directors to carry out the issues.The Board of Directors further proposes that the Managing Director  or anyone appointed by the Managing Director  shall have the right to make any adjustments that may be necessary in connection with the registration of the resolution with the Swedish Companies Registration Office (Sw: Bolagsverket).The resolution according to this item requires approval from shareholders representing at least two-thirds of both the number of votes cast as well as the shares represented at the general meeting in order to be valid.E. AVAILABLE DOCUMENTSThe Annual Report and the auditor's statement as well as the auditors'statement regarding whether the guidelines for the remuneration of senior executives have been complied with  the Board of Director's remuneration report  the Board of Director's complete proposal concerning items 15-17 together with related documents  as well as the Board of Director's statement pursuant to Chapter 18  Section 4 and Chapter 19  Section 22 of the Swedish Companies Act will be kept available for the shareholders at the company's headquarters in Stockholm no later than Tuesday 11 April 2023. Copies of the documents will be sent to those shareholders who request to receive such information and who have provided their address and will be available at the company's website www.hexagon.com and at the Annual General Meeting.F. SHAREHOLDERS' RIGHT TO RECEIVE INFORMATION AT THE ANNUAL GENERAL MEETINGThe Board of Directors and the Managing Director shall  if requested by a shareholder and the Board of Directors considers that it can be done without material damage to the company  provide information regarding issues that (i) may affect the assessment of an item on the agenda (ii) circumstances that may affect the assessment of the company's or its subsidiaries' financial position or information concerning (iii) the company's relation with other companies within the group. Shareholders may send questions in advance by mail to Hexagon AB (publ)  Box 3692  SE-103 59 Stockholm  Sweden or by e-mail to bolagsstamma@hexagon.com .G. NUMBER OF SHARES AND VOTES IN THE COMPANYThe total number of shares in the company amounts to 2 705 477 888 of which 110 250 000 are shares of Series A (with 10 votes per share)  and 2 595 227 888 are shares of Series B (with 1 vote per share). The total number of votes in the company amounts to 3 697 727 888. Hexagon AB (publ) holds 15 800 000 of its own Series B shares  corresponding to an equal number of votes  for which the company cannot exercise voting rights.H. PROCESSING OF PERSONAL DATAFor information about the processing of your personal data  see https://www.euroclear.com/dam/ESwithLegal/Privacy-notice-bolagsstammor-engelska.pdfStockholm in March 2023The Board of DirectorsHexagon AB (publ)[1] Earnings per share is defined as the company's earnings per share after tax and dilution  excluding non-recurring items.[2] Corresponding to the closing price on 24 March 2023 for Hexagon's Series B share on Nasdaq Stockholm.For further information  please contact:Tom Hull  Head of Investor Relations  +44 7442 678 437  ir@hexagon.comAnton Heikenström  Investor Relations Manager  Hexagon AB  +46 8 601 26 26  ir@hexagon.comThe following files are available for download:https://mb.cision.com/Main/387/3742480/1948915.pdf Notice to Annual General Meeting 2023CisionView original content:https://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/notice-to-the-annual-general-meeting-in-hexagon-ab-publ-301784277.htmlSOURCE Hexagon",neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,mixed,0.21,0.2,0.6,True,English,"['Annual General Meeting', 'Hexagon AB', 'Notice', 'IVA Conference Center', 'Swedish Companies Act', 'P.O. Box', 'other authorization document', 'personal identity number', 'corporate identity number', 'Annual General Meeting', 'Euroclear Sweden AB', 'entire postal vote', 'postal voting form', 'telephone number', 'Hexagon AB', 'special form', 'voting rights', 'Tuesday 2 May', 'Grev Turegatan', 'Sw. aktiebolagslagen', 'share register', 'legal entity', 'similar documentation', 'dated power', 'Such re-registration', 'proxy form', 'NOMINEE-REGISTERED SHARES', 'postal address', 'registration certificate', 'anmalan.vpc', 'due time', 'D. AGENDA', 'Friday 21 April', 'Tuesday 25 April', 'special instructions', 'Further instructions', 'original proxy', 'A. PARTICIPATION', 'separate notification', 'legal person', 'forms', 'shareholders', 'AGM', '16:00 CET', 'Stockholm', 'PRNewswire', 'Board', 'Directors', 'Chapter', 'Section', 'company', 'Articles', 'Association', 'attendance', 'Notice', 'website', 'name', 'daytime', 'shareholding', 'behalf', 'Representatives', 'copy', 'authorisation', 'B.', 'Story', 'accordance', 'mail', 'GeneralMeetingService', 'Completed', 'votes', 'verification', 'BankID', 'EuroclearProxy', 'conditions', 'cases', 'written', 'attorney', 'request', 'heading', 'C.', 'addition', 'submission', 'broker', 'order', 'account', 'preparation', 'Proposal', 'Opening', 'Election', 'Chairman', '101']",2023-03-29,2023-03-30,finance.yahoo.com
21599,Euroclear,NewsApi.org,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/huhtam-ki-oyj-notice-annual-060000377.html,Huhtamäki Oyj: Notice to the Annual General Meeting,HUHTAMÄKI OYJ STOCK EXCHANGE RELEASE 29.3.2023 AT 9:00 EEST Huhtamäki Oyj: Notice to the Annual General Meeting Notice is given to the shareholders of...,"Huhtamäki OyjHUHTAMÄKI OYJ STOCK EXCHANGE RELEASE 29.3.2023 AT 9:00 EESTHuhtamäki Oyj: Notice to the Annual General MeetingNotice is given to the shareholders of Huhtamäki Oyj (the “Company”) to participate in the Annual General Meeting to be held on Thursday  April 27  2023  at 11:00 a.m. (EEST) at Marina Congress Center  Katajanokanlaituri 6  00160 Helsinki  Finland. Reception of shareholders who have registered for the meeting and distribution of voting tickets will commence at 10:00 a.m. (EEST).Shareholders may follow the Annual General Meeting via a webcast. The webcast is available for those shareholders who have registered for the webcast and are also registered in the Company's shareholders’ register maintained by Euroclear Finland Ltd on the record date of the Annual General Meeting  April 17  2023. Instructions on how to register as a follower for the webcast and how to follow the webcast are available on the Company’s website (www.huhtamaki.com). It is not possible to present questions  make proposals  speak or vote via the webcast  and following the meeting via the webcast is not considered participation in the Annual General Meeting or exercise of shareholder rights.A. MATTERS ON THE AGENDA OF THE ANNUAL GENERAL MEETINGThe following matters will be considered at the Annual General Meeting:1. Opening of the meeting2. Calling the meeting to order3. Election of the persons to scrutinize the minutes and to verify the counting of votes4. Recording the legality of the meeting5. Recording the attendance at the meeting and adoption of the list of votes6. Presentation of the Annual Accounts including the Consolidated Annual Accounts  the Directors' Report and the Auditor's Report for the year 2022- Review by the President and CEO7. Adoption of the Annual Accounts including the Consolidated Annual Accounts8. Resolution on the use of the profit shown on the balance sheet and the distribution of dividendThe Board of Directors proposes to the Annual General Meeting that an aggregate dividend of EUR 1.00 per share be paid based on the balance sheet adopted for the financial period ended on December 31  2022. The Board of Directors proposes that the dividend would be paid in two instalments.Story continuesThe first dividend instalment  EUR 0.50 per share  is proposed to be paid to shareholders registered in the Company’s shareholders' register maintained by Euroclear Finland Ltd on the record date for the first dividend instalment May 2  2023. The Board of Directors proposes that the payment date for the first dividend instalment would be May 9  2023.The second dividend instalment  EUR 0.50 per share  is proposed to be paid to shareholders registered in the Company’s shareholders' register maintained by Euroclear Finland Ltd on the record date for the second dividend instalment October 2  2023. The Board of Directors proposes that the payment date for the second dividend instalment would be October 9  2023.The Board of Directors proposes that the Annual General Meeting would authorize the Board of Directors to decide  if necessary  on a new record date and a new payment date for the second dividend instalment if regulations applicable to the Finnish book-entry system change or otherwise so require.No significant changes have taken place in the Company’s financial position since the end of the financial year. The Company’s liquidity position is good  and the proposed distribution does not  in the view of the Board of Directors  risk the Company’s ability to fulfill its obligations.9. Resolution on the discharge of the members of the Board of Directors  the President and CEO and the interim Deputy CEO from liability10. Presentation and adoption of the Remuneration Report for the Governing BodiesThe Company’s Remuneration Report 2022 will be presented to the Annual General Meeting for advisory approval. The Remuneration Report 2022 is available on the Company's website (www.huhtamaki.com).11. Amendment to the Remuneration Policy for the Governing BodiesThe Board of Directors presents to the Annual General Meeting for advisory approval the Company’s amended Remuneration Policy for the Governing Bodies  which was last presented to the Annual General Meeting on April 29  2020. The material changes in the Remuneration Policy are increases in the President and CEO’s maximum earning opportunity in short-term incentives (up to 150% of the non-variable annual base salary  previously 100%) and long-term incentives (up to 400% of the non-variable annual base salary  previously 300%). The changes are made to secure that the President and CEO’s earning opportunities can be set at a market competitive level.The updated Remuneration Policy is available on the Company’s website (www.huhtamaki.com) and attached to this notice.12. Resolution on the remuneration and expense compensation of the members of the Board of DirectorsThe Shareholders’ Nomination Board proposes to the Annual General Meeting that the annual remuneration to the members of the Board of Directors would be paid as follows: to the Chair EUR 170 000  to the Vice-Chair EUR 80 000 and to the other members EUR 65 000 each. In addition  the Shareholders’ Nomination Board proposes that the annual remuneration to the Chair and members of the Board Committees would be paid as follows: to the Chair of the Audit Committee EUR 16 000 and to the other members of the Audit Committee EUR 5 500 as well as to the Chair of the Human Resources Committee EUR 5 500 and to the other members of the Human Resources Committee EUR 2 750. In addition  the Shareholders’ Nomination Board proposes that EUR 1 500 would be paid for each Board and Committee meeting attended. Travel expenses of the Board members would be compensated in accordance with the Company policy.The Shareholders’ Nomination Board recommends all members of the Board of Directors to own shares of Huhtamäki Oyj.13. Resolution on the number of members of the Board of DirectorsThe Shareholders’ Nomination Board proposes to the Annual General Meeting that the number of members of the Board of Directors would be nine (9).14. Election of members of the Board of DirectorsThe Shareholders’ Nomination Board proposes to the Annual General Meeting that Mr. Pekka Ala-Pietilä  Ms. Mercedes Alonso  Mr. Doug Baillie  Mr. William R. Barker  Ms. Anja Korhonen  Ms. Kerttu Tuomas and Mr. Ralf K. Wunderlich would be re-elected and  as new members  Ms. Pauline Lindwall and Mr. Pekka Vauramo would be elected as members of the Board of Directors for a term ending at the end of the next Annual General Meeting. In addition  the Shareholders’ Nomination Board proposes that Mr. Pekka Ala-Pietilä would be re-elected as Chair of the Board  and that Ms. Kerttu Tuomas would be re-elected as Vice-Chair of the Board. Two of the current members of the Board of Directors  Mr. Heikki Takala and Ms. Sandra Turner  have announced that they are not available for re-election to the Board of Directors.Ms. Pauline Lindwall (born 1961) has acted as Category Director Coffee  France and Southern Europe at Mondelez International (2012–2015). Before that she has worked at Nestlé in several management positions (1984–2012) based in Asia and Europe  latest position being Country Business Manager  Nestlé Nutrition  Germany and Austria. Ms. Lindwall’s current key positions of trust include acting as a Board member of Duni AB (publ.) and a Supervisory Board member of EIT Food of The European Institute of Innovation and Technology. Ms. Lindwall holds a B.Sc. (Business Administration and Economics). She is independent of the Company and significant shareholders.Mr. Pekka Vauramo (born 1957) acts as President and CEO at Metso Outotec Corporation (2020–). Before that he has worked as President and CEO at Metso Corporation (2018–2020)  President and CEO at Finnair Plc (2013–2018) as well as in several management positions at Cargotec Corporation (2007–2013)  Sandvik AB (1995–2007) and Tamrock Corporation (1985–1995). Mr. Vauramo’s current key positions of trust include acting as a Board member of Nokian Tyres plc  National Defence University and New Children’s Hospital Foundation  as well as a Board of Trustees member of Turku University Foundation. Mr. Vauramo holds a M. Sc. (Technology). He is independent of the Company and significant shareholders.The biographical details of all candidates are presented on the Company’s website (www.huhtamaki.com).All of the candidates have given their consent to the election.15. Resolution on the remuneration of the AuditorThe Board of Directors proposes to the Annual General Meeting that the Auditor’s remuneration would be paid against an invoice approved by the Audit Committee of the Board of Directors.16. Election of the AuditorThe Board of Directors proposes to the Annual General Meeting  in accordance with the recommendation of the Audit Committee of the Board of Directors  that KPMG Oy Ab  a firm of authorized public accountants  would be re-elected as Auditor for the financial year January 1 – December 31  2023. KPMG Oy Ab has announced that Mr. Henrik Holmbom  APA  would be the Auditor with principal responsibility.The recommendation of the Audit Committee is included in the proposal of the Board of Directors  which is available on the Company’s website (www.huhtamaki.com).17. Authorizing the Board of Directors to resolve on the repurchase of the Company's own sharesThe Board of Directors proposes that the Annual General Meeting would authorize the Board of Directors to resolve on the repurchase of an aggregate maximum of 10 776 038 of the Company’s own shares  subject to the number of shares held by the Company at any given moment not exceeding 10 percent of all the shares of the Company. Own shares may be repurchased on the basis of the authorization only by using non-restricted equity.Own shares may be repurchased at a price formed in public trading on the date of the repurchase or otherwise at a price formed on the market. The Board of Directors resolves on how shares are repurchased. Own shares may be repurchased otherwise than in proportion to the shares held by the shareholders (directed repurchase). The authorization remains in force until the end of the next Annual General Meeting  however  no longer than until June 30  2024.18. Authorizing the Board of Directors to resolve on the issuance of shares and the issuance of special rights entitling to sharesThe Board of Directors proposes that the Annual General Meeting would authorize the Board of Directors to resolve on the issuance of shares and the issuance of options and other special rights entitling to shares referred to in chapter 10 section 1 of the Companies Act as follows: the aggregate number of new shares to be issued may not exceed 10 000 000 shares which corresponds to approximately 9.3 percent of the current shares of the Company  and the aggregate number of own treasury shares to be transferred may not exceed 4 000 000 shares which corresponds to approximately 3.7 percent of the current shares of the Company.The Board of Directors resolves on all the terms and conditions of the issuance of shares and special rights entitling to shares and may deviate from the shareholders’ pre-emptive subscription rights (directed issue). The authorization remains in force until the end of the next Annual General Meeting  however  no longer than until June 30  2024.19. Amendment to the Articles of AssociationThe Board of Directors proposes to the Annual General Meeting that the Articles of Association would be amended to enable arranging a General Meeting as a virtual meeting without a meeting venue as an alternative to a physical meeting or a hybrid meeting. The amendment is intended to enable the holding of General Meetings virtually to facilitate attendance and participation for the Company's shareholders  especially in unforeseen or exceptional circumstances. The Finnish Companies Act requires that shareholders can exercise their full rights in virtual meetings  with equal rights to those in in-person General Meetings. The amendment does not preclude arranging General Meetings as physical or hybrid meetings.Pursuant to the proposal of the Board of Directors  the first paragraph of Section 8 § of the Articles of Association would read as follows:""The General Meeting of Shareholders shall be held in Espoo or in Helsinki  as decided by the Board of Directors. The Board of Directors may also decide that the General Meeting of Shareholders is arranged without a meeting venue in a manner whereby shareholders exercise their full decision-making powers in real time during the General Meeting of Shareholders using telecommunications and technical means (virtual meeting).”The Articles of Association in the proposed amended form are available on the Company's website (www.huhtamaki.com).20. Amendment to the Charter of the Shareholders' Nomination BoardThe Shareholders’ Nomination Board proposes to the Annual General Meeting that Section 2 of the Charter of the Shareholders' Nomination Board would be amended so that the shareholders entitled to appoint a member are determined annually on the basis of the shareholders’ register of the Company maintained by Euroclear Finland Ltd on May 31 (previously August 31).The Charter in the proposed amended form is available on the Company's website (www.huhtamaki.com).21. Closing of the meetingB. DOCUMENTS OF THE ANNUAL GENERAL MEETINGThe above-mentioned proposals for the resolutions on the matters on the agenda of the Annual General Meeting  this notice  the Company's Remuneration Report  the amended Remuneration Policy for the Governing Bodies  the Articles of Association in the proposed amended form and the Charter of the Shareholders' Nomination Board in the proposed amended form are available on Huhtamäki Oyj's website (www.huhtamaki.com). The Annual Report  which includes the Company's Annual Accounts  the Consolidated Annual Accounts  the Directors' Report and the Auditor's Report  is also available on the above-mentioned website. The proposals for the resolutions and the other above-mentioned documents are also available at the venue of the Annual General Meeting. The minutes of the Annual General Meeting will be available on the above-mentioned website as from May 11  2023  at the latest.C. INSTRUCTIONS FOR THE PARTICIPANTS IN THE ANNUAL GENERAL MEETING1. Shareholders registered in the shareholders' registerEach shareholder who is registered on the record date of the Annual General Meeting  April 17  2023 in the shareholders' register of the Company maintained by Euroclear Finland Ltd is entitled to participate in the Annual General Meeting. Shareholders whose shares are registered on their personal Finnish book-entry account or equity savings account are registered in the shareholders' register of the Company.The registration period for the Annual General Meeting commences on March 29  2023. A shareholder who is registered in the shareholders' register of the Company and who wants to participate in the Annual General Meeting shall register for the Annual General Meeting by giving a prior notice of participation which must be received no later than on April 21  2023 at 4:00 p.m. (EEST).Such notice can be given:a. on Huhtamäki Oyj’s the website at www.huhtamaki.comElectronic registration requires a strong electronic identification of the shareholder or the shareholder's proxy representative or legal representative with a Finnish or Swedish bank ID or mobile certificate.b. by email to agm@innovatics.fic. by phone to +358 10 281 8909 from Monday to Friday 9:00 a.m. to 12:00 noon and 1:00 p.m. to 4:00 p.m. (EEST)In connection with the registration  requested information must be provided  such as the name  date of birth or business ID  address  telephone number and email address of the shareholder  and the name of a possible assistant or proxy representative or legal representative as well as the date of birth of the proxy representative or legal representative. The personal data is used only in connection with the Annual General Meeting and with the processing of related necessary registrations.Shareholders or their authorized representatives or proxy representatives shall  if required  be able to prove their identity and/or right of representation at the meeting venue.2. Holders of nominee-registered sharesHolders of nominee-registered shares have the right to participate in the Annual General Meeting by virtue of such shares based on which they  on the record date of the Annual General Meeting  April 17  2023  would be entitled to be registered in the shareholders' register of the Company maintained by Euroclear Finland Ltd. The right to participate in the Annual General Meeting requires  in addition  that the shareholder on the basis of such shares has been temporarily registered in the shareholders' register of the Company maintained by Euroclear Finland Ltd by April 24  2023 at 10:00 a.m. (EEST) at the latest. As regards nominee-registered shares  this constitutes due registration for the Annual General Meeting.Holders of nominee-registered shares are advised to request without delay the necessary instructions from their custodian regarding the temporary registration in the shareholders' register of the Company  the issuing of proxy authorization documents and voting instructions  as well as registration for the Annual General Meeting. The account manager of the custodian shall temporarily register a holder of nominee-registered shares who wants to participate in the Annual General Meeting into the shareholders' register of the Company at the latest by the time stated above.For the sake of clarity  it is noted that holders of nominee-registered shares cannot register for the Annual General Meeting on the Company’s website  but they must be registered by their custodians instead.Further information on these matters can also be found on the Company’s website (www.huhtamaki.com).3. Proxy representatives and powers of attorneyShareholders may participate in the Annual General Meeting and exercise their rights at the Annual General Meeting by way of proxy representation. Proxy representatives registering electronically for the Annual General Meeting must identify themselves personally through strong electronic authentication  after which they can register on behalf of the shareholder they represent.Proxy representatives shall produce a dated proxy document or otherwise in a reliable manner demonstrate their right to represent the shareholder at the Annual General Meeting. Proxy document template is available on the Company’s website (www.huhtamaki.com).If a shareholder participates in the Annual General Meeting by means of several proxy representatives representing the shareholder with shares at different securities accounts  the shares in respect of which each proxy representative represents the shareholder shall be identified in connection with the registration for the Annual General Meeting.Possible proxy documents are requested to be delivered primarily in connection with the electronic registration as attachments or alternatively by email to agm@innovatics.fi or as originals by regular mail to Innovatics Oy  AGM / Huhtamäki Oyj  Ratamestarinkatu 13 A  FI-00520 Helsinki  Finland before the expiry of the registration period  by which time the proxy documents must be received. In addition to delivering proxy documents  shareholders or their proxy representatives must also register for the Annual General Meeting as instructed in this notice.Shareholders that are legal persons may also  as an alternative to traditional proxy documents  use the electronic Suomi.fi authorization service for authorizing their proxy representatives. The representative is mandated in the Suomi.fi service at www.suomi.fi/e-authorizations (authorization topic “Representation at the General Meeting”). When registering for the Annual General Meeting on the Company’s website  the authorized representatives shall identify themselves with strong electronic authentication  after which the electronic mandate is verified. The strong electronic authentication takes place with personal online banking credentials or a mobile certificate. For more information  see www.suomi.fi/e-authorizations.4. Other instructions and informationThe meeting language is Finnish. Simultaneous translation will be available in the meeting room into the English and  when relevant  Finnish languages.No free parking has been arranged at the meeting venue.The information concerning the Annual General Meeting required under the Finnish Companies Act and the Finnish Securities Market Act is available on the Company’s website (www.huhtamaki.com). Pursuant to Chapter 5  Section 25 of the Finnish Companies Act  a shareholder who is present at the Annual General Meeting has the right to request information with respect to the matters to be considered at the meeting.At the time of the announcement of this notice  on March 29  2023  the total number of shares and votes in Huhtamäki Oyj is 107 760 385  which includes 3 222 204 own shares held by the Company or its subsidiaries. Such own shares do not carry voting rights.Changes in shareholding occurring after the record date of the Annual General Meeting  April 17  2023  will not affect the right to participate in the Annual General Meeting or the number of votes of such shareholder at the Annual General Meeting.In Espoo  March 29  2023For further information  please contact:Sami Pauni  Executive Vice President  Corporate Affairs and Legal  Group General Counsel  tel. +358 (0)10 686 7872HUHTAMÄKI OYJBoard of DirectorsAbout HuhtamakiHuhtamaki is a leading global provider of sustainable packaging solutions for consumers around the world. Our innovative products protect on-the-go and on-the-shelf food and beverages  and personal care products  ensuring hygiene and safety  driving accessibility and affordability  and helping prevent food waste. We embed sustainability in everything we do. We are committed to achieving carbon neutral production and designing all our products to be recyclable  compostable or reusable by 2030. Our blueloopTM sustainable packaging solutions are world-leading and designed for circularity.We are a participant in the UN Global Compact  Huhtamaki is rated ‘A’ on the MSCI ESG Ratings assessment and EcoVadis has awarded Huhtamaki with the Gold medal for performance in sustainability. To play our part in managing climate change  we have set science-based targets that have been approved and validated by the Science-Based Targets initiative.With 100 years of history and a strong Nordic heritage we operate in 37 countries and 116 operating locations around the world. Our values Care Dare Deliver guide our decisions and help our team of around 19 000 employees make a difference where it matters. Our 2022 net sales totalled EUR 4.5 billion. Huhtamaki Group is headquartered in Espoo  Finland and our parent company  Huhtamäki Oyj  is listed on Nasdaq Helsinki Ltd. Find out more about how we are protecting food  people and the planet at www.huhtamaki.com.Attachment",neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,positive,0.52,0.08,0.4,True,English,"['Huhtamäki Oyj', 'Annual General Meeting', 'Notice', 'HUHTAMÄKI OYJ STOCK EXCHANGE RELEASE', 'Finnish book-entry system change', 'non-variable annual base salary', 'The Shareholders’ Nomination Board', 'Marina Congress Center', 'first dividend instalment', 'second dividend instalment', 'Euroclear Finland Ltd', 'maximum earning opportunity', 'Consolidated Annual Accounts', 'Annual General Meeting', 'new payment date', 'new record date', 'interim Deputy CEO', 'The Remuneration Report', 'annual remuneration', 'aggregate dividend', 'earning opportunities', 'voting tickets', 'shareholder rights', 'following matters', 'balance sheet', 'financial period', 'two instalments', 'financial position', 'liquidity position', 'Governing Bodies', 'advisory approval', 'Remuneration Policy', 'short-term incentives', 'long-term incentives', 'competitive level', 'The Board', 'significant changes', 'material changes', 'shareholders’ register', ""shareholders' register"", 'financial year', 'A. MATTERS', 'The Company', ""Directors' Report"", '11:00 a', '10:00 a', '9:00 EEST', 'Notice', 'Thursday', 'April', 'Katajanokanlaituri', '00160 Helsinki', 'Reception', 'distribution', 'webcast', 'Instructions', 'follower', 'website', 'questions', 'proposals', 'participation', 'exercise', 'AGENDA', 'Opening', 'Election', 'persons', 'minutes', 'counting', 'votes', 'legality', 'attendance', 'adoption', 'list', 'Presentation', 'Auditor', 'Review', 'President', 'Resolution', 'use', 'profit', 'December', 'Story', 'May', 'October', 'regulations', 'place', 'ability', 'obligations', 'discharge', 'members', '11. Amendment', 'increases', 'market', 'expense', 'compensation']",2023-03-29,2023-03-30,finance.yahoo.com
21600,Euroclear,NewsApi.org,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/essitys-2023-annual-general-meeting-142200736.html,Essity's 2023 Annual General Meeting,Essity today held the Annual General Meeting at Stockholm Waterfront Congress Centre  Sweden.,STOCKHOLM  March 29  2023 /PRNewswire/ -- Essity today held the Annual General Meeting at Stockholm Waterfront Congress Centre  Sweden.The Meeting approved the Parent Company income statement and balance sheet and the consolidated income statement and consolidated balance sheet for 2022.The Meeting resolved in accordance with the Board of Director's proposal and decided on a dividend of SEK 7.25 per share for the 2022 fiscal year. Record date for the dividend is set to Friday  March 31  2023. The dividend is scheduled to be distributed by Euroclear Sweden AB on Wednesday  April 5  2023.The Meeting resolved that the remuneration to each director elected by the Annual General Meeting and who is not employed by the company shall amount to SEK 875 000 and the Chairman of the Board of Directors is to receive SEK 2 625 000. Members of the Remuneration Committee are each to receive an additional remuneration of SEK 130 000  while the Chairman of the Remuneration Committee is to receive an additional remuneration of SEK 155 000. Members of the Audit Committee are each to receive an additional remuneration of SEK 300 000  while the Chairman of the Audit Committee is to receive an additional remuneration of SEK 425 000. Members of the Portfolio Development Committee are each to receive an additional remuneration of SEK 300 000  while the Chairman of the Portfolio Development Committee is to receive an additional remuneration of SEK 425 000. Remuneration to the auditor is to be paid according to approved invoice.The Annual General Meeting resolved in accordance with the Board of Director's proposal on a cash-based incentive program. The meeting also approved the Board of Director's remuneration report. The Board of Directors and the CEO were granted discharge from liability for the 2022 fiscal year.Board members Ewa Björling  Pär Boman  Annemarie Gardshol  Magnus Groth  Torbjörn Lööf  Bert Nordberg and Barbara Milian Thoralfsson were re-elected. Maria Carell and Jan Gurander were elected as a new directors. Pär Boman was re-elected Chairman of the Board. Ernst & Young AB was appointed the company's auditor for a mandate period until the end of the 2024 Annual General Meeting.Story continuesThe Annual General Meeting authorized the Board of Directors to decide on buy-back of Essity B shares and to transfer shares bought back by the company in connection with acquisitions. These authorizations are valid until the next Annual General Meeting.Minutes from the Annual General Meeting will be available on the company website  www.essity.com  within two weeks.CONTACT:For further information  please contact:Per Lorentz  Vice President Corporate Communications  +46 733 13 30 55  per.lorentz@essity.comJohan Karlsson  Vice President Investor Relations  +46 705 11 15 81  johan.ir.karlsson@essity.comThe following files are available for download:https://mb.cision.com/Main/15798/3742333/1952248.pdf Essityâ€™s 2023 Annual General MeetingCisionView original content:https://www.prnewswire.co.uk/news-releases/essitys-2023-annual-general-meeting-301784748.html,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,positive,0.6,0.31,0.09,True,English,"['2023 Annual General Meeting', 'Essity', 'Stockholm Waterfront Congress Centre', 'Torbjörn Lööf', 'Vice President Corporate Communications', 'Vice President Investor Relations', 'The Annual General Meeting', 'next Annual General Meeting', 'Parent Company income statement', '2024 Annual General Meeting', '2023 Annual General Meeting', 'cash-based incentive program', 'Ewa Björling', 'Pär Boman', 'Barbara Milian Thoralfsson', 'Portfolio Development Committee', 'consolidated balance sheet', 'Euroclear Sweden AB', 'Essity B shares', 'Young AB', 'Audit Committee', 'Remuneration Committee', '2022 fiscal year', 'Record date', 'Annemarie Gardshol', 'Magnus Groth', 'Bert Nordberg', 'Maria Carell', 'Jan Gurander', 'mandate period', 'two weeks', 'ir.karlsson', 'following files', 'original content', 'additional remuneration', 'remuneration report', 'company website', 'Per Lorentz', 'Johan Karlsson', 'new directors', 'Board members', 'Essityâ', 'March', 'PRNewswire', 'accordance', 'proposal', 'SEK', 'Friday', 'Wednesday', 'April', 'Chairman', 'auditor', 'invoice', 'CEO', 'discharge', 'liability', 'Ernst', 'end', 'Story', 'buy', 'back', 'connection', 'acquisitions', 'authorizations', 'Minutes', 'CONTACT', 'information', 'download', 'cision', 'Main', 'news-releases', 'essitys']",2023-03-29,2023-03-30,finance.yahoo.com
21601,Euroclear,NewsApi.org,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/notice-annual-general-meeting-shareholders-074900293.html,Notice to Annual General Meeting of shareholders in Loomis AB,"The shareholders of Loomis AB  Reg. No 556620-8095 (""Loomis"" or the ""company"")  are hereby invited to participate in the annual general meeting (the ""AGM...","N.B. The below is an unofficial translation of the Swedish original  in case of any discrepancies between the Swedish original and the English translation the Swedish text shall prevail.STOCKHOLM  March 29  2023 /PRNewswire/ --The shareholders of Loomis AB  Reg. No 556620-8095 (""Loomis"" or the ""company"")  are hereby invited to participate in the annual general meeting (the ""AGM"") to be held on Thursday May 4  2023 at 5 p.m. CEST  in Grünewaldsalen at Stockholm Concert Hall  entrance Kungsgatan 43  Stockholm. Registration for the AGM begins at 4.30 p.m. CEST.A. NOTICE OF ATTENDANCEA person who wishes to attend the AGM must:be listed as a shareholder in the presentation of the share register prepared by Euroclear Sweden AB  concerning the circumstances on Tuesday April 25  2023; andnotify the company of their intention to participate in the AGM by post to Loomis AB  ""AGM""  c/o Euroclear Sweden AB  P.O. Box 191  SE-101 23 Stockholm  by telephone + 46 8 402 90 72 or via the company website www.loomis.com  by Thursday April 27  2023  at the latest  preferably before 4 p.m. When registering to attend  the shareholder must provide name  personal identity number (corporate identity number)  address  telephone number and the number of any representative (no more than two).If a shareholder is represented by proxy  a written and dated power of attorney signed by the shareholder must be issued to the proxy. A proxy form is available on the company website  www.loomis.com. If the shareholder is a legal entity  a certificate of registration or a corresponding document for the legal entity shall be attached. In order to facilitate registration at the AGM  the power of attorney as well as the certificate of registration and other authorization documents should be received by the company prior to the AGM.Nominee registered sharesA shareholder whose shares are nominee registered through a bank or other nominee must  in addition to giving notice of participation at the AGM  request that their shares be temporarily registered in their own name in the share register kept by Euroclear Sweden AB (so called voting right registration) in order to be entitled to participate at the AGM. The shareholders' register for the AGM  as of the record date Tuesday April 25  2023  will take into account voting right registrations completed no later than Thursday April 27  2023. Shareholders concerned must  in accordance with each nominee's routines  request that the nominee makes such voting right registration well in advance of that date.Story continuesB. AGENDAProposal for agenda1. Opening of the Meeting.2. Election of Chairman of the Meeting.3. Preparation and approval of the voting list.4. Approval of the agenda.5. Election of one or two person(s) to approve the minutes.6. Determination of compliance with the rules of convocation.7. The President and CEO's report.8. Presentation of(a) the annual report and the auditor's report and the consolidated financial statements and the group auditor's report  and(b) the statement by the auditor on the compliance with the guidelines for remuneration to group management applicable since the last annual general meeting.9. Resolutions on(a) adoption of the statement of income and the balance sheet and the consolidated statement of income and the consolidated balance sheet  in each case as per December 31  2022 (b) appropriation of the company's profit according to the adopted balance sheet (c) record date for dividend  and(d) discharge of the Board members and the President and CEO from liability for the financial year 2022.10. Determination of the number of Board members.11. Determination of fees to Board members and auditor.12. Election of Board members and Chairman of the Board of Directors.13. Election of auditor.14. Resolution on approval of the remuneration report.15. Resolution on implementation of a long-term share-based incentive program  including hedging measures through conclusion of a share swap agreement.16. Resolution on authorization of the Board of Directors to resolve on repurchase and transfer of own shares.17. Closing of the Meeting.Nomination CommitteeAt the annual general meeting 2022  principles for the appointment of the Nomination Committee were adopted  entailing that the Nomination Committee shall be composed of representatives of the four largest shareholders in terms of voting rights registered in the shareholders' register maintained by Euroclear Sweden AB as of August 31 the year before the annual general meeting. In certain cases  the composition of the Nomination Committee shall be changed upon ownership changes that takes place after that date.The Nomination Committee for the AGM consists of the Chairman Elisabet Jamal Bergström (SEB Fonder)  Bernard Horn (Polaris Capital Management)  Jacob Lundgren (Second Swedish National Pension Fund) and Tobias Shute (Paradice Investment Management LLC). The Chairman of the Board of Directors  Alf Göransson  has been co-opted to the Nomination Committee.Election of Chairman of the meeting (item 2 on the agenda)The Nomination Committee has proposed that the Chairman of the Board of Directors  Alf Göransson  is elected as Chairman of the AGM.Resolutions on dividend and record date (items 9(b) and (c) on the agenda)The Board of Directors proposes a dividend of SEK 12 per share.As record date for the dividend  the Board of Directors proposes Monday May 8  2023. Should the AGM resolve in accordance with the proposal  the dividend is expected to be distributed by Euroclear Sweden AB on Thursday May 11  2023.Proposals for election of Board members  Chairman of the Board of Directors and auditor and resolution regarding fees (items 10–13 on the agenda)The Nomination Committee has proposed that the AGM resolves on the following:The number of Board members elected by the AGM shall be seven  with no deputy members. The Nomination Committee proposes re-election of the Board members Alf Göransson  Jeanette Almberg  Lars Blecko  Cecilia Daun Wennborg  Liv Forhaug  Johan Lundberg and Santiago Galaz  all for the period up to and including the annual general meeting 2024  with Alf Göransson as Chairman of the Board of Directors.The reasoned statement of the Nomination Committee is available on the company website  www.loomis.com.Fees to the Board members for the period up to and including the annual general meeting 2024 shall amount to SEK 5 300 000 in total (based on an unchanged number of committee members) to be distributed among the Board members as follows: the Chairman of the Board of Directors shall according to the proposal receive SEK 1 300 000 (1 100 000) and each of the other Board members shall receive SEK 550 000 (470 000). The remuneration for committee work shall amount to SEK 300 000 (250 000) for the Chairman of the Audit Committee  be unchanged and amount to SEK 100 000 for the Chairman of the Remuneration Committee  be unchanged and amount to SEK 125 000 for the members of the Audit Committee and be unchanged and amount to SEK 50 000 for the members of the Remuneration Committee.The accounting firm Deloitte AB is proposed for re-election for a term of one year  in accordance with the recommendation of the Audit Committee. In the event that Deloitte AB is elected  the accounting firm has informed that the authorized public accountant Peter Ekberg will continue as auditor in charge.The auditor's fee is proposed to be paid according to approved invoice.Resolution on implementation of a long-term share-based incentive program  including hedging measures through conclusion of a share swap agreement (item 15 on the agenda)The Board of Directors proposes that the AGM resolves on implementing a new long-term incentive program on the following terms:1. Background and reasonsThe proposal to implement a new long-term incentive program (""LTIP 2023"") for the group management and other key employees  in total approximately 80 persons  is made in light of the Board of Directors' conviction that the proposed program is beneficial to the company's shareholders as it will strengthen the group's ability to retain and recruit top executives and is expected to further increase alignment between the interests of the participants with those of the shareholders and thereby ensure maximum long-term value creation.As with the previously resolved long-term incentive programs LTIP 2018 and LTIP 2021  the Board of Directors proposes that also LTIP 2023 shall be based on the principles that the participants must invest in Loomis shares  or allocate shares already held to the program  and remain in their respective employment in the group during the term of the program. Further  it is proposed that LTIP 2023  as previous programs  shall consist of a performance share plan  however the proposal is also proposed to include a share matching plan. For the performance share plan  it is proposed that a second performance target relating to CO2 emissions reduction is introduced in addition to the target relating to earnings per share. The latter is proposed to be determined yearly during the term of the program.To hedge any delivery of shares to the participants under LTIP 2023  the Board of Directors proposes that Loomis enters into a share swap agreement with a third party.The Board of Directors' intention is to come back with proposals on corresponding incentive programs at future AGMs.2. Terms and conditions for participation and acquisition of Saving SharesParticipation in LTIP 2023 is conditional upon the respective participant undertaking  not later than May 22  2023  to (i) make an own investment in Loomis shares on the stock market and allocate such shares to LTIP 2023  or (ii) allocate shares already held by the participant to LTIP 2023 (provided that such shares have not already been allocated to LTIP 2021) (""Saving Shares"").The value of a participant's Saving Shares  which is to be based on the market price of the Loomis share at the time of the participants' investment  shall correspond to (i) a minimum of 2.5 per cent of the respective participants' gross salary  and (ii) a maximum of 15 per cent for group management and for the other participants 10 per cent of the respective participant's gross salary.The Board of Directors may extend or postpone the period for undertaking to acquire Saving Shares if the participant is in possession of inside information and thus prohibited from making such undertaking within the prescribed time  however not later than to December 31  2023.1. Terms and conditions for Matching Shares and Performance SharesProvided that (i) the participant  with certain exceptions  has remained in his or her employment in the group without intermission until the expiration of the vesting period  which expires on February 28  2026 (the ""Vesting Period"") and (ii) the participant has not sold or otherwise transferred any Saving Shares before the expiration of the Vesting Period  the participant shall  after the expiration of the Vesting Period and free of charge (except for tax liabilities)  be entitled to allotment of (i) one Loomis share for each Saving Share held (""Matching Share"") and (ii) provided that the Performance Targets (as defined below) have been met additional Loomis shares (""Performance Shares"").The Performance Targets that have to be met for allotment of Performance Shares are connected to (i) annual development of earnings per share (the ""EPS Target"")  where one third of the maximum right to allotment of Performance Shares is measured against the outcome for 2023  one third is measured against the outcome for 2024 and one third is measured against the outcome for 2025  and (ii) accumulated CO2 emissions reduction (scope 1 and 2 CO2 emissions combined  with 2019 as the baseline year) (the ""CO2 Target"") (each a ""Performance Target"" and together the ""Performance Targets"")  in both cases during the period January 1  2023–December 31  2025 (the ""Performance Period"").The relative weight between the EPS Target and the CO2 Target being 90 per cent and 10 per cent  respectively  of the maximum right to allotment of Performance Shares.The Performance Targets  as determined by the Board of Directors  will stipulate minimum and maximum levels with respect to each Performance Target. The achievement of the EPS Target shall be determined yearly during the Performance Period  where each year during the Performance Period is compared to the previous year. The achievement of the CO2 Target is determined at one time after the end of the Performance Period for the full Performance Period.If the minimum target level is not met  no allotment of Performance Shares shall be made.If the maximum target level is met or exceeded  full allotment of Performance Shares shall be made  corresponding to: (i) five Performance Shares for each Saving Share held to the CEO  the Regional President Europe  the Regional President USA and the Group CFO  (ii) four Performance Shares for each Saving Share held to the other members of the group management and (iii) three Performance Shares for each Saving Share held for the other participants.If the minimum target level is exceeded but the maximum target level is not met  a linear proportioned allotment of Performance Shares shall be made.Allotment of any Matching Shares and Performance Shares  respectively  will take place after the expiration of the Vesting Period. The final total number of Matching Shares and Performance Shares to be allotted to each participant shall be rounded to the nearest whole number. The Board of Directors intends to present the established Performance Targets in the annual report for the financial year 2025.LTIP 2023 has a maximum limit in terms of profit for the participants  entailing that if the volume-weighted average price paid for the Loomis share on Nasdaq Stockholm during a period of five trading days immediately preceding the day of allotment of any Matching Shares and Performance Shares  respectively  exceeds SEK 800 per share  the number of Matching Shares and Performance Shares  respectively  that each participant is entitled to will be reduced taking the maximum limit into account.The participant is not entitled to transfer  pledge or sell the right to obtain Matching Shares and Performance Shares  respectively  or to exercise any shareholders' rights in respect of such shares during the Vesting Period.2. Form and operationThe Board of Directors shall be responsible for the design and administration of LTIP 2023 and for the detailed terms to be applied between Loomis and the participants in the program in accordance with the terms set out in this proposal.The Board of Directors shall be entitled to make such minor adjustments of these terms that may be necessary due to legal or administrative conditions. In some cases  the Board of Directors shall furthermore be entitled to reduce the maximum number of Matching Shares and Performance Shares  respectively  to be allotted or  fully or partly  prematurely terminate LTIP 2023 as well as make local adaptations of the program that may be required in order to implement the program in countries concerned at reasonable administrative costs and contributions  including  among other things  to offer cash settlement.The Board of Directors shall be entitled to resolve on adjusted or changed allotment of Matching Shares and Performance Shares  respectively  (i) for individual participants based on individual circumstances  (ii) if it is otherwise deemed to be suitable or appropriate due to significant changes in Loomis  on the stock market or in the legislation (for example regarding tax) or (iii) if the outcome otherwise is considered unreasonable.The Board of Directors shall be entitled to resolve on adjusted or changed allotment of Matching Shares and Performance Shares  respectively  or to terminate LTIP 2023 should anyone  alone or together with related persons  acquire such number of shares in Loomis  which  pursuant to applicable regulations  would result in an obligation to make a public offer to acquire the remaining shares in Loomis.3. ScopeA total of approximately 80 persons will be offered to participate in LTIP 2023. The maximum number of Saving Shares that each participant is entitled to acquire depends on the market price of the Loomis share at the time of the participants' investments. Assuming that the market price of the Loomis share is SEK 340  LTIP 2023 is  in accordance with the above principles and assumptions  expected to comprise a maximum of 350 000 shares in total  which corresponds to approximately 0.47 per cent of the total number of outstanding shares and votes in Loomis. The number of shares that may be transferred under LTIP 2023 shall be subject to customary recalculation due to any split or reverse share split  bonus issue  preferential issue and/or other similar corporate actions.4. Entering into a share swap agreementIn order to hedge any delivery of Matching Shares and Performance Shares  respectively  the Board of Directors proposes that Loomis enters into a share swap agreement with a third party. The share swap agreement entails that the third party in its own name shall acquire and transfer Loomis shares to participants in the program.5. Costs of LTIP 2023LTIP 2023 will give rise to personnel costs during the Vesting Period  partly in terms of wages and salaries in the accounts  partly in terms of social security contributions. Based on the current market price of the Loomis' share of approximately SEK 340  and assuming an annual increase of the share price of 10 per cent as well as maximum allotment of Matching Shares and Performance Shares  respectively  these costs are estimated to approximately SEK 91m before tax.The cost for the share swap agreement in accordance with section 6 above is estimated to approximately SEK 2m.The costs of LTIP 2023 are expected to have a marginal effect on the Loomis group's key performance indicators.The Board of Directors deems that the positive effects on the result that are expected as a result of the participants' increased share ownership through acquisitions of Saving Shares  which may be further increased through LTIP 2023  outweighs the costs related to the program.6. Preparation of the proposalLTIP 2023 has been initiated by the Board of Directors of Loomis and has been prepared in consultation with external advisors. LTIP 2023 has been processed in the Remuneration Committee and discussed at Board meetings. The Board of Directors has prepared the parameters of the program.The Board of Directors has strived to achieve a distinct connection between the Vesting Period and the three year long Performance Period  which entails that the Vesting Period will be slightly shorter than three years since allocation to LTIP 2023 cannot be made before the AGM.7. Other incentive programs in LoomisAt the time of this proposal  Loomis has one outstanding share related incentive program: LTIP 2021.LTIP 2021 is aimed towards the group management and a number of key employees within Loomis and entails  in the same way as the proposed LTIP 2023  that the respective participant has invested in Loomis shares (saving shares). The participants are thereby entitled to receive performance shares provided  among other things  that the performance target is met. The performance target that needs to be met relates to the accumulated earnings per share during the period January 1  2021–December 31  2023. The Board of Directors has established a minimum target level and a maximum target level relating to the accumulated development of the earnings per share. The achievement of the performance target is to be determined in connection with the release of the full-year report for the financial year 2023.For additional information on LTIP 2021  please refer to the annual report for the financial year 2022  note 7.Proposal for resolution on authorization for the Board of Directors to resolve on repurchase and transfer of own shares (item 16 on the agenda)The Board of Directors proposes that the AGM resolves to authorize the Board of Directors to resolve on acquisition of own shares  on the following terms and conditions:i. acquisition may take place on Nasdaq Stockholm  on one or more occasions prior to the next annual general meeting;ii. acquisition may be made of such number of shares that Loomis' holding of own shares does not at any time exceed one tenth of the total number of shares in the company;iii. acquisition may be made at a price which falls within the prevailing price interval registered at each point in time (i.e. in the interval between the highest purchase price and the lowest selling price); andiv. payment of acquired shares shall be made in cash.Furthermore  the Board of Directors proposes that the AGM resolves to authorize the Board of Directors to resolve on transfer of own shares  with or without deviation from the shareholders' preferential rights  on the following terms and conditions:i. transfer may take place on Nasdaq Stockholm and/or outside of Nasdaq Stockholm in connection with acquisition of companies or businesses  on one or more occasions prior to the next annual general meeting;ii. transfer may be made up to such number of shares that are held by Loomis at the time of the Board of Directors' resolution on the transfer; andiii. transfer of shares on Nasdaq Stockholm shall be made at a price which falls within the prevailing price interval registered at each point in time. For transfers outside of Nasdaq Stockholm  payment may be made in cash  non-cash consideration or through set-off and the price is to be determined so that the transfer takes place on market terms.The purpose of the proposed authorization  and the reason for the deviation from the shareholders' preferential rights as regards the transfer of own shares  is to enable the Board of Directors to continuously adapt Loomis' capital structure to the company's capital requirements and to enable financing of acquisitions by using own shares.The Board of Directors has presented a reasoned statement in accordance with Chapter 19  Section 22 of the Swedish Companies Act.The Board of Directors shall be entitled to resolve on the other terms and conditions for repurchase and transfer of own shares. The Chairman of the Board of Directors  or the person appointed by the Chairman of the Board of Directors  is authorized to make such minor adjustments in the above proposal that may prove to be necessary in connection with execution of the Board of Directors' resolution on repurchase and transfer of own shares.C. AVAILABLE DOCUMENTATION ETC.The Nomination Committee's reasoned statement ahead of the AGM is available on the company's website  www.loomis.com. The statement is also sent to shareholders who request it and state their postal address. Otherwise  complete proposals are set out under the respective items in the notice.The annual report and the auditor's report  the remuneration report  the Board of Directors' statement according to Chapter 18  Section 4 and Chapter 19  Section 22  respectively  of the Swedish Companies Act and the statement by the auditor on the compliance of the guidelines for remuneration to group management applicable since the last annual general meeting will be available at the company (Drottninggatan 82  4th floor  SE-111 36 Stockholm  Sweden) and on the company's website  www.loomis.com  no later than as from Thursday April 13  2023  and copies of the documentation will also be sent to the shareholders who so request and state their postal address.D. NUMBER OF SHARES AND VOTES IN THE COMPANYAt the time of issue of this notice  the total number of shares and votes in the company amounts to 75 279 829. The company holds 4 197 782 treasury shares.E. SPECIAL MAJORITY REQUIREMENTSResolutions in accordance with the Board of Directors' proposal under item 16 above require the support of shareholders representing at least two thirds of both the votes cast and the shares represented at the AGM.F. SHAREHOLDERS' RIGHT TO REQUEST INFORMATIONThe Board of Directors and the President and CEO shall  if any shareholder so requests and if the Board of Directors considers that it can be done without significant harm for the company  give information on circumstances that can affect the judgement of an item on the agenda  circumstances that can affect the assessment of the company's or its subsidiaries' financial situation and the consolidated financial statements  as well as the company's relation to other companies within the group.G. PROCESSING OF PERSONAL DATAFor information about the processing of your personal data  see the privacy policy available on the company's website  www.loomis.com.* * *Stockholm in March 2023The Board of DirectorsLoomis AB (publ)This press release is also available on the company's website  www.loomis.comMarch 29  2023CONTACT:Jenny BoströmHead of Investor RelationsMobile: +46 79 006 45 92Email: jenny.bostrom@loomis.comThe following files are available for download:https://mb.cision.com/Main/51/3742585/1949888.pdf Notice to Annual General Meeting of shareholders in Loomis ABCisionView original content:https://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/notice-to-annual-general-meeting-of-shareholders-in-loomis-ab-301784325.htmlSOURCE Loomis AB",neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,positive,0.4,0.23,0.37,True,English,"['Annual General Meeting', 'Loomis AB', 'Notice', 'shareholders', 'Second Swedish National Pension Fund', 'Chairman Elisabet Jamal Bergström', 'long-term share-based incentive program', 'Paradice Investment Management LLC', 'last annual general meeting', 'P.O. Box', 'Alf Göransson', 'Euroclear Sweden AB', 'Polaris Capital Management', 'voting right registrations', 'share swap agreement', 'consolidated financial statements', 'personal identity number', 'corporate identity number', 'two person(s', 'four largest shareholders', 'Stockholm Concert Hall', 'other authorization documents', 'consolidated balance sheet', 'The Nomination Committee', 'Nominee registered shares', 'Swedish original', 'Swedish text', 'voting list', 'financial year', 'voting rights', 'annual report', 'share register', 'Loomis AB', 'other nominee', 'N.B.', 'unofficial translation', 'English translation', 'Thursday May', 'Grünewaldsalen', 'entrance Kungsgatan', 'Tuesday April', 'Thursday April', 'legal entity', 'corresponding document', 'The President', 'consolidated statement', 'ownership changes', 'SEB Fonder', 'Bernard Horn', 'Jacob Lundgren', 'Tobias Shute', ""shareholders' register"", 'Board members', 'A. NOTICE', 'telephone number', 'dated power', 'record date', 'company website', 'proxy form', 'B. AGENDA', 'group auditor', 'remuneration report', 'case', 'discrepancies', 'March', 'PRNewswire', 'Reg.', 'AGM', 'CEST', 'ATTENDANCE', 'presentation', 'circumstances', 'intention', 'post', 'SE-101', 'name', 'address', 'representative', 'written', 'attorney', 'certificate', 'order', 'bank', 'addition', 'participation', 'account', 'accordance', 'routines', 'advance', 'Story', 'Proposal', 'Opening', 'Election', 'Preparation', 'approval', 'minutes', 'Determination', 'compliance', 'rules', 'convocation', 'CEO', 'guidelines', 'Resolutions', 'adoption', 'income', 'December', 'appropriation', 'profit', 'discharge', 'liability', 'fees', 'Directors', 'implementation', 'measures', 'conclusion', 'repurchase', 'transfer', 'Closing', 'principles', 'appointment', 'terms', 'August', 'composition', 'place', '5', '4.30', '8.']",2023-03-29,2023-03-30,finance.yahoo.com
21602,Euroclear,NewsApi.org,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/decisions-rapala-vmc-corporation-annual-140000991.html,DECISIONS OF RAPALA VMC CORPORATION’S ANNUAL GENERAL MEETING AND ORGANISING MEETING OF THE BOARD OF DIRECTORS,RAPALA VMC CORPORATION  Decisions of general meeting  March 29  2023 at 5:00 p.m. EET The Annual General Meeting (AGM) of Rapala VMC Corporation has on 29...,Rapala VMC OyjRAPALA VMC CORPORATION  Decisions of general meeting  March 29  2023 at 5:00 p.m. EETThe Annual General Meeting (AGM) of Rapala VMC Corporation has on 29 March 2023 adopted the financial statement of the financial year 2022 and discharged the members of the Board of Directors and the CEO from liability for the financial year that ended on 31 December 2022. The AGM approved the remuneration report for governing bodies for the financial year 2022.The AGM approved the Board of Director’s proposal that a dividend of EUR 0.04 per share is paid based on the adopted balance sheet for the financial year 2022. The dividend shall be paid to shareholders who on the dividend record date 31 March 2023 are registered in the Company’s shareholders’ register held by Euroclear Finland Ltd. The dividend shall be paid on 7 July 2023.The AGM approved that the Board of Directors consists of six members. Jorma Kasslin  Emmanuel Viellard  Julia Aubertin  Louis d’Alançon and Vesa Luhtanen were re-elected as members of the Board of Directors and Alexander Rosenlew was elected as new member. The AGM resolved that the annual fee paid to each Board member is EUR 30 000 and EUR 80 000 to the Chairman of the Board. Board members are paid EUR 1 000 per meeting for attendance at meetings of the Board and its committee.In its organising meeting  the Board elected Louis d’Alançon as Chairman of the Board.Authorised Public Accountants Firm Ernst & Young Oy was re-elected as the Company’s auditor.The AGM authorised the Board of Directors to resolve in accordance with the proposal of the Board of Directors on the issuance of a maximum of 3 900 000 shares through a share issue or by issuing options and other special rights entitling to shares pursuant to chapter 10  section 1 of the Finnish Limited Liability Companies Act in one or several tranches. The proposed maximum number of shares corresponds to 10% of all shares in the Company. The authorisation can also be used for incentive arrangements for the Company’s management and key persons  however  no more than 900 000 shares in total may be granted for this purpose. The authorisation covers both the issuance of new shares and the transfer of treasury shares held by the Company  and the issuance may be carried out with or without payment. Under the authorisation  the Board of Directors may issue shares or options and other special rights entitling to shares also otherwise than in proportion to the shareholdings of the shareholders (directed share issue). The Board of Directors is entitled to resolve on all terms and conditions of share issues and the issue of option rights and other special rights entitling to shares. The authorisation is valid until 29 September 2024.Story continuesThe AGM authorised the Board of Directors to resolve in accordance with the proposal of the Board of Directors to repurchase a maximum of 2 000 000 the Company’s own shares by using the Company’s unrestricted equity in one or several tranches. The proposed maximum number of shares corresponds to approximately 5.13% of the Company’s total number of shares. The shares may be repurchased for developing the Company’s capital structure  for financing or carrying out potential corporate acquisitions or other business arrangements  to be used as a part of the Company’s remuneration or incentive plan or to be otherwise transferred further or cancelled  for example. The shares may be repurchased otherwise than in proportion to the existing shareholdings of the Company as directed repurchases at the market price of the shares quoted on the trading venues where the Company’s shares are traded or at the price otherwise established on the market at the time of the repurchase. The authorisation is valid until 29 September 2024.The AGM also decided to amend the Company’s Articles of Association in accordance with the proposal of the Board of Directors by amending Article 9 concerning the notice and place of general meetings so that the provision on publishing the notice of general meetings in a national newspaper is removed and so that the Article allows for the general meetings to be held completely without a meeting venue as a remote meeting. In addition  the AGM decided to add a provision on advance registration for the shareholders’ meeting to Article 9 of the Articles of Association.Helsinki  29 March 2023RAPALA VMC CORPORATIONLouis d’AlançonChairman of the Board and Chief Executive OfficerFor further information  please contact:Tuomo Leino  Investor Relations  tel. +358 9 7562 540Distribution: Nasdaq Helsinki and main mediaAbout Rapala VMC CorporationRapala VMC group is the world’s leading fishing tackle company and the global market leader in fishing lures  treble hooks and fishing related knives and tools. Group has a strong global position also in other fishing categories and Rapala VMC’s distribution network is largest in the fishing industry. The main manufacturing facilities are in Finland  France  Estonia  and the UK. Rapala VMC group’s brand portfolio includes the leading brand in the industry  Rapala  and other global brands like VMC  Sufix  Storm  Blue Fox  Luhr Jensen  Williamson  Dynamite Baits  Mora Ice  StrikeMaster  Marttiini  Peltonen and 13 Fishing outside of the USA as well as Okuma in Europe. Group  with net sales of EUR 274 million in 2022  employs some 1 500 people in approximately 40 countries. Rapala VMC Corporation’s share is listed and traded on the Nasdaq Helsinki stock exchange since 1998.,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,neutral,0.01,0.97,0.01,True,English,"['RAPALA VMC CORPORATION', 'ANNUAL GENERAL MEETING', 'ORGANISING MEETING', 'DECISIONS', 'THE', 'BOARD', 'DIRECTORS', 'Finnish Limited Liability Companies Act', 'Authorised Public Accountants Firm', 'Louis d’Alançon', 'leading fishing tackle company', 'The Annual General Meeting', 'potential corporate acquisitions', 'Chief Executive Officer', 'strong global position', 'fishing related knives', 'other fishing categories', 'Rapala VMC Oyj', 'RAPALA VMC CORPORATION', 'other special rights', 'other business arrangements', 'main manufacturing facilities', 'Rapala VMC group', 'Euroclear Finland Ltd', 'global market leader', 'annual fee', 'leading brand', 'fishing lures', 'fishing industry', 'option rights', 'incentive arrangements', 'main media', 'general meetings', 'organising meeting', 'meeting venue', 'remote meeting', 'financial statement', 'financial year', 'governing bodies', 'balance sheet', 'record date', 'Jorma Kasslin', 'Emmanuel Viellard', 'Julia Aubertin', 'Vesa Luhtanen', 'Alexander Rosenlew', 'new member', 'Young Oy', 'several tranches', 'key persons', 'unrestricted equity', 'capital structure', 'incentive plan', 'trading venues', 'national newspaper', 'advance registration', 'Tuomo Leino', 'Investor Relations', 'treble hooks', 'brand portfolio', 'The AGM', 'share issues', 'shareholders’ meeting', 'remuneration report', 'shareholders’ register', 'six members', 'maximum number', 'total number', 'existing shareholdings', 'market price', 'Nasdaq Helsinki', 'distribution network', 'new shares', 'treasury shares', 'Board member', '3,900,000 shares', 'Decisions', 'March', 'Directors', 'CEO', '31 December', 'proposal', '7 July', 'Chairman', 'attendance', 'committee', 'Ernst', 'auditor', 'accordance', 'issuance', 'options', 'chapter', 'section', 'one', 'authorisation', 'management', 'purpose', 'transfer', 'payment', 'proportion', 'terms', 'conditions', '29 September', 'Story', 'financing', 'part', 'example', 'repurchases', 'time', 'Articles', 'Association', 'notice', 'place', 'provision', 'addition', 'information', 'tel', 'world', 'tools', 'France', 'Estonia', 'UK', '5:00']",2023-03-29,2023-03-30,finance.yahoo.com
21603,Euroclear,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2023/03/29/2637014/0/en/International-Petroleum-Corp-Annual-General-Meeting-to-be-held-on-May-3-2023.html,International Petroleum Corp. Annual General Meeting to be held on May 3  2023,TORONTO  March 29  2023 (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) -- International Petroleum Corporation (“IPC” or the “Corporation”) (TSX  Nasdaq Stockholm: IPCO) is pleased to announce that its Annual General Meeting of shareholders will be held at the offices of Blake  Cassels and…,"TORONTO  March 29  2023 (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) -- International Petroleum Corporation (“IPC” or the “Corporation”) (TSX  Nasdaq Stockholm: IPCO) is pleased to announce that its Annual General Meeting of shareholders will be held at the offices of Blake  Cassels and Graydon LLP  Suite 3500  855 - 2nd Street S.W.  Calgary  Alberta  Canada T2P 4J8 on Wednesday  May 3  2023 at 8:00 a.m. (Mountain time)  for the following purposes:To receive the audited consolidated financial statements of the Corporation for the financial year ended December 31  2022 and accompanying report of the auditor  and the management’s discussion and analysis of the Corporation for the year ended December 31  2022; To set the number of directors of the Corporation at six; To elect the six nominees of the Corporation standing for election as directors of the Corporation to hold office until the next annual meeting of Shareholders or until his or her successor is duly elected or appointed; To appoint PricewaterhouseCoopers SA  as the auditor of the Corporation  to hold office until the next annual general meeting of Shareholders and to authorize the directors to fix the auditor’s remuneration; and To transact such other business as may properly come before the Meeting or any adjournment(s) or postponement(s) of the Meeting.The record date for the Annual General Meeting is March 16  2023. The Notice of Meeting  the Management Information Circular dated March 24  2023 (the “Information Circular”) and related Meeting materials  and the Corporation’s Annual Information Form for the year ended December 31  2022  are available under the Corporation’s profile on SEDAR at www.sedar.com and on the Corporation’s website at www.international-petroleum.com.The Corporation is not aware of any items of business to be brought before the Meeting other than those described in the Information Circular and there will be no management presentation on the business and operations of the Corporation at the Meeting.Advice to Holders of Euroclear Sweden Registered Common SharesShareholders who hold their common shares (“Euroclear Registered Common Shares”) through Euroclear Sweden AB  which common shares trade on the NASDAQ Stockholm  are not registered holders of common shares for the purposes of voting at the Meeting. Instead  Euroclear Registered Common Shares are registered under CDS & Co.  the registration name of the Canadian Depositary for Securities. Holders of Euroclear Registered Common Shares will receive a voting instruction form (the “VIF”) by mail directly from Computershare AB (“Computershare Sweden”). Additional copies of the VIF  together with the Information Circular  can also be obtained from Computershare Sweden and are available on the Corporation’s website at www.international-petroleum.com. The VIF cannot be used to vote common shares directly at the Meeting. Instead  the VIF must be completed and returned to Computershare Sweden  strictly in accordance with the instructions and deadlines as further described in the instructions provided with the VIF.International Petroleum Corp. (IPC) is an international oil and gas exploration and production company with a high quality portfolio of assets located in Canada  Malaysia and France  providing a solid foundation for organic and inorganic growth. IPC is a member of the Lundin Group of Companies. IPC is incorporated in Canada and IPC’s shares are listed on the Toronto Stock Exchange (TSX) and the Nasdaq Stockholm under the symbol ""IPCO"".For further information  please contact:Rebecca GordonVP Corporate Planning and Investor Relationsrebecca.gordon@international-petroleum.comTel: +41 22 595 10 50 Or Robert ErikssonMedia Managerreriksson@rive6.chTel: +46 701 11 26 15Forward-Looking StatementsThis press release contains statements and information which constitute ""forward-looking statements"" or ""forward-looking information"" (within the meaning of applicable securities legislation). Such statements and information (together  ""forward-looking statements"") relate to future events  including the Corporation's future performance  business prospects or opportunities. Actual results may differ materially from those expressed or implied by forward-looking statements. The forward-looking statements contained in this press release are expressly qualified by this cautionary statement. Forward-looking statements speak only as of the date of this press release  unless otherwise indicated. IPC does not intend  and does not assume any obligation  to update these forward-looking statements  except as required by applicable laws.All statements other than statements of historical fact may be forward-looking statements. Any statements that express or involve discussions with respect to predictions  expectations  beliefs  plans  projections  forecasts  guidance  budgets  objectives  assumptions or future events or performance (often  but not always  using words or phrases such as ""seek""  ""anticipate""  ""plan""  ""continue""  ""estimate""  ""expect""  ""may""  ""will""  ""project""  “forecast”  ""predict""  ""potential""  ""targeting""  ""intend""  ""could""  ""might""  ""should""  ""believe""  ""budget"" and similar expressions) are not statements of historical fact and may be ""forward-looking statements"".",neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,neutral,0.01,0.94,0.05,True,English,"['International Petroleum Corp. Annual General Meeting', 'May', '2nd Street S.W.', 'Robert Eriksson Media Manager', 'Euroclear Registered Common Shares', 'next annual general meeting', 'high quality portfolio', 'VP Corporate Planning', 'next annual meeting', 'Euroclear Sweden AB', 'Annual Information Form', 'voting instruction form', 'International Petroleum Corp.', 'Toronto Stock Exchange', 'applicable securities legislation', 'consolidated financial statements', 'International Petroleum Corporation', 'Management Information Circular', 'international oil', 'Computershare AB', 'applicable laws', 'Computershare Sweden', 'GLOBE NEWSWIRE', 'Nasdaq Stockholm', 'Graydon LLP', 'Mountain time', 'accompanying report', 'six nominees', 'PricewaterhouseCoopers SA', 'management presentation', 'registration name', 'Canadian Depositary', 'Additional copies', 'gas exploration', 'production company', 'solid foundation', 'inorganic growth', 'Lundin Group', 'Investor Relations', 'press release', 'future events', 'Actual results', 'cautionary statement', 'historical fact', 'looking information', 'financial year', 'Meeting materials', 'Forward-Looking Statements', 'Such statements', 'following purposes', 'other business', 'record date', 'Rebecca Gordon', 'future performance', 'business prospects', 'The Corporation', 'The VIF', 'IPC', 'TSX', 'shareholders', 'offices', 'Blake', 'Cassels', 'Suite', 'Calgary', 'Alberta', 'Canada', 'Wednesday', 'May', '8:00 a', 'December', 'auditor', 'discussion', 'analysis', 'number', 'directors', 'election', 'successor', 'remuneration', 'adjournment', 'postponement', 'March', 'Notice', 'related', 'profile', 'SEDAR', 'website', 'items', 'operations', 'Advice', 'CDS', 'Co.', 'mail', 'accordance', 'instructions', 'deadlines', 'assets', 'Malaysia', 'France', 'member', 'Companies', 'symbol', 'Tel', 'meaning', 'opportunities', 'obligation', 'respect', 'predictions', 'expectations', 'beliefs', 'plans', 'projections', 'forecasts', 'guidance', 'budgets', 'objectives', 'assumptions', 'words', 'phrases', '46']",2023-03-29,2023-03-30,globenewswire.com
21604,Euroclear,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2023/03/29/2637013/0/en/International-Petroleum-Corp-Annual-General-Meeting-to-be-held-on-May-3-2023.html,International Petroleum Corp. Annual General Meeting to be held on May 3  2023,International Petroleum Corporation (“IPC” or the “Corporation”) (TSX  Nasdaq Stockholm: IPCO) is pleased to announce that its Annual General Meeting of shareholders will be held at the offices of Blake  Cassels and Graydon LLP  Suite 3500  855 - 2nd Street S…,"International Petroleum Corporation (“IPC” or the “Corporation”) (TSX  Nasdaq Stockholm: IPCO) is pleased to announce that its Annual General Meeting of shareholders will be held at the offices of Blake  Cassels and Graydon LLP  Suite 3500  855 - 2nd Street S.W.  Calgary  Alberta  Canada T2P 4J8 on Wednesday  May 3  2023 at 8:00 a.m. (Mountain time)  for the following purposes:To receive the audited consolidated financial statements of the Corporation for the financial year ended December 31  2022 and accompanying report of the auditor  and the management’s discussion and analysis of the Corporation for the year ended December 31  2022; To set the number of directors of the Corporation at six; To elect the six nominees of the Corporation standing for election as directors of the Corporation to hold office until the next annual meeting of Shareholders or until his or her successor is duly elected or appointed; To appoint PricewaterhouseCoopers SA  as the auditor of the Corporation  to hold office until the next annual general meeting of Shareholders and to authorize the directors to fix the auditor’s remuneration; and To transact such other business as may properly come before the Meeting or any adjournment(s) or postponement(s) of the Meeting.The record date for the Annual General Meeting is March 16  2023. The Notice of Meeting  the Management Information Circular dated March 24  2023 (the “Information Circular”) and related Meeting materials  and the Corporation’s Annual Information Form for the year ended December 31  2022  are available under the Corporation’s profile on SEDAR at www.sedar.com and on the Corporation’s website at www.international-petroleum.com.The Corporation is not aware of any items of business to be brought before the Meeting other than those described in the Information Circular and there will be no management presentation on the business and operations of the Corporation at the Meeting.Advice to Holders of Euroclear Sweden Registered Common SharesShareholders who hold their common shares (“Euroclear Registered Common Shares”) through Euroclear Sweden AB  which common shares trade on the NASDAQ Stockholm  are not registered holders of common shares for the purposes of voting at the Meeting. Instead  Euroclear Registered Common Shares are registered under CDS & Co.  the registration name of the Canadian Depositary for Securities. Holders of Euroclear Registered Common Shares will receive a voting instruction form (the “VIF”) by mail directly from Computershare AB (“Computershare Sweden”). Additional copies of the VIF  together with the Information Circular  can also be obtained from Computershare Sweden and are available on the Corporation’s website at www.international-petroleum.com. The VIF cannot be used to vote common shares directly at the Meeting. Instead  the VIF must be completed and returned to Computershare Sweden  strictly in accordance with the instructions and deadlines as further described in the instructions provided with the VIF.International Petroleum Corp. (IPC) is an international oil and gas exploration and production company with a high quality portfolio of assets located in Canada  Malaysia and France  providing a solid foundation for organic and inorganic growth. IPC is a member of the Lundin Group of Companies. IPC is incorporated in Canada and IPC’s shares are listed on the Toronto Stock Exchange (TSX) and the Nasdaq Stockholm under the symbol ""IPCO"".For further information  please contact:Rebecca GordonVP Corporate Planning and Investor Relationsrebecca.gordon@international-petroleum.comTel: +41 22 595 10 50Robert ErikssonMedia Managerreriksson@rive6.chTel: +46 701 11 26 15Forward-Looking StatementsThis press release contains statements and information which constitute ""forward-looking statements"" or ""forward-looking information"" (within the meaning of applicable securities legislation). Such statements and information (together  ""forward-looking statements"") relate to future events  including the Corporation's future performance  business prospects or opportunities. Actual results may differ materially from those expressed or implied by forward-looking statements. The forward-looking statements contained in this press release are expressly qualified by this cautionary statement. Forward-looking statements speak only as of the date of this press release  unless otherwise indicated. IPC does not intend  and does not assume any obligation  to update these forward-looking statements  except as required by applicable laws.All statements other than statements of historical fact may be forward-looking statements. Any statements that express or involve discussions with respect to predictions  expectations  beliefs  plans  projections  forecasts  guidance  budgets  objectives  assumptions or future events or performance (often  but not always  using words or phrases such as ""seek""  ""anticipate""  ""plan""  ""continue""  ""estimate""  ""expect""  ""may""  ""will""  ""project""  “forecast”  ""predict""  ""potential""  ""targeting""  ""intend""  ""could""  ""might""  ""should""  ""believe""  ""budget"" and similar expressions) are not statements of historical fact and may be ""forward-looking statements"".Attachment",neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,neutral,0.02,0.95,0.03,True,English,"['International Petroleum Corp. Annual General Meeting', 'May', '2nd Street S.W.', 'Robert Eriksson Media Manager', 'Euroclear Registered Common Shares', 'next annual general meeting', 'high quality portfolio', 'Toronto Stock Exchange', 'VP Corporate Planning', 'next annual meeting', 'Euroclear Sweden AB', 'Annual Information Form', 'voting instruction form', 'International Petroleum Corp.', 'related Meeting materials', 'applicable securities legislation', 'consolidated financial statements', 'International Petroleum Corporation', 'Management Information Circular', 'international oil', 'Computershare AB', 'applicable laws', 'Computershare Sweden', 'Nasdaq Stockholm', 'Graydon LLP', 'Mountain time', 'accompanying report', 'six nominees', 'PricewaterhouseCoopers SA', 'management presentation', 'registration name', 'Canadian Depositary', 'Additional copies', 'gas exploration', 'production company', 'solid foundation', 'inorganic growth', 'Lundin Group', 'Investor Relations', 'press release', 'future events', 'Actual results', 'cautionary statement', 'historical fact', 'looking information', 'financial year', 'Forward-Looking Statements', 'Such statements', 'following purposes', 'other business', 'record date', 'Rebecca Gordon', 'future performance', 'business prospects', 'The Corporation', 'The VIF', 'IPC', 'TSX', 'shareholders', 'offices', 'Blake', 'Cassels', 'Suite', 'Calgary', 'Alberta', 'Canada', 'Wednesday', 'May', '8:00 a', 'auditor', 'discussion', 'analysis', 'December', 'number', 'directors', 'election', 'successor', 'remuneration', 'adjournment', 'postponement', 'March', 'Notice', 'profile', 'SEDAR', 'website', 'items', 'operations', 'Advice', 'CDS', 'Co.', 'mail', 'accordance', 'instructions', 'deadlines', 'assets', 'Malaysia', 'France', 'member', 'Companies', 'symbol', 'Tel', 'meaning', 'opportunities', 'obligation', 'respect', 'predictions', 'expectations', 'beliefs', 'plans', 'projections', 'forecasts', 'guidance', 'budgets', 'objectives', 'assumptions', 'words', 'phrases', '855', '41', '46']",2023-03-29,2023-03-30,globenewswire.com
21605,Euroclear,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/GREENCOAT-RENEWABLES-PLC-54842039/news/Greencoat-Renewables-Notice-of-Annual-General-Meeting-43363221/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230329,Greencoat Renewables : Notice of Annual General Meeting,(marketscreener.com)   THIS DOCUMENT AND THE ACCOMPANYING FORM OF PROXY ARE IMPORTANT AND REQUIRE YOUR IMMEDIATE ATTENTION. If you are in any doubt as to the action you should take  you are recommended to consult your independent professional adviser  who i…,"THIS DOCUMENT AND THE ACCOMPANYING FORM OF PROXY ARE IMPORTANT AND REQUIRE YOUR IMMEDIATE ATTENTION. If you are in any doubt as to the action you should take  you are recommended to consult your independent professional adviser  who is authorised or exempted under the European Union (Markets in Financial Instruments) Regulations 2017 or the Investment Intermediaries Act 1995  if you are resident in Ireland or who is authorised under the Financial Services and Markets Act  2000 if you are resident in the United Kingdom  or from another appropriately authorised independent financial adviser if you are in a territory outside Ireland or the United Kingdom.If you sell or have sold or otherwise transferred all of your ordinary shares of €0.01 each in Greencoat Renewables PLC (""Ordinary Shares"")  please forward this document and the accompanying Form of Proxy to the purchaser or transferee or the stockbroker  or other agent through whom the sale or transfer is/was effected for onward transmission to the purchaser or transferee. However  these documents should not be forwarded or transmitted in or into any jurisdiction in which such act would constitute a violation of the relevant laws in such jurisdiction. If you sell or have sold or otherwise transferred or disposed of only part of your holding of ordinary shares  you should retain these documents and consult the person through which the sale  transfer or disposal was effected.ANNUAL GENERAL MEETINGFriday  28 April 2023 at 9.30 a.m.at Davy House  49 Dawson Street  Dublin  D02 PY05  IrelandThe Company's 2022 Annual Report is available to view online at: www.greencoat-renewables.comNotice of the Annual General Meeting of Greencoat Renewables PLC to be held at Davy House  49 Dawson Street  Dublin  D02 PY05 on Friday  28 April 2023 at 9 . 3 0 a . m . is set out in this document  accompanied by a Form of Proxy for use in connection with the resolutions at the meeting. To be valid  the Form of Proxy must be returned so as to be received by the Company's Registrar  Computershare Investor Services (Ireland) Limited  3100 Lake Drive  Citywest Business Campus  Dublin 24  D24 AK82  Ireland not later than 9 . 3 0 a . m . on 26 April 2023  in the manner set out in the Notes attached to this Notice. Alternatively you may appoint a proxy electronically  by visiting the website of the Company's Registrar; Computershare Investor Services (Ireland) Limited: www.eproxyappointment.com. Persons holding through the Euroclear System or (via a holding of CDIs) CREST system will also need to comply with any additional voting deadlines imposed by the respective service offerings. All persons affected are recommended to consult with their stockbroker or other intermediary at the earliest opportunity.GREENCOAT RENEWABLES PLC.(Incorporated in Ireland under the Companies Acts 2014 - registered number 598470)Directors:Rónán Murphy - Independent Non-Executive Chairman Emer Gilvarry - Independent Non-Executive Director Kevin McNamara - Independent Non-Executive Director Marco Graziano - Independent Non-Executive Director Eva Lindqvist - Independent Non-Executive DirectorOcorian Administration (UK) Limited - Company SecretaryRiverside OneSir John Rogerson's QuayDublin 2IrelandChairman's letter to Shareholders29 March 2023Dear Shareholder The Annual General Meeting (""AGM"") of Greencoat Renewables PLC (the ""Company"") will be held at 9.30 a.m. on Friday  28 April 2023 at Davy House  49 Dawson Street  Dublin  D02 PY05.I believe that the AGM provides a worthwhile and meaningful opportunity for holders of Ordinary Shares (""Shareholders"") to raise questions  engage with the directors of the Company (the ""Directors"" or the ""Board"") and to vote on the business of the meeting.The Annual Report and Financial Statements for the period ended 31 December 2022 (the ""2022 Annual Report"") are available to view and download from the Company's website  www.greencoat-renewables.com.The formal Notice of AGM appears on pages 7 to 10 of this document  and this letter explains the 10 items to be transacted at the AGM. In addition to the ordinary business to be transacted at the meeting  which is referred to in Resolutions 1 to 4 in the Notice  the Directors propose that special business  as set out in Resolutions 5 to 10 in the Notice  be transacted at the meeting for the purposes explained below.Resolution 1: Receipt of Financial StatementsResolution 1 is an ordinary resolution asking Shareholders to receive and consider the financial statements and the reports of the Directors and Auditors thereon for the period ended 31 December 2022 following a review of the affairs of the Company.Resolution 2: Re-appointment of DirectorsResolution 2 deals with the appointment and re-appointment of Directors. In accordance with the provisions of the AIC Corporate Governance Code and the Articles of Association of the Company  each of the current Directors will retire from office at the end of the AGM and  being eligible  offer themselves for re-appointment.Eva Lindqvist  who was appointed to the Board on 7 July 2022  offers herself for appointment in accordance with the Articlesof Association of the Company.The names of the Directors together with a detailed description of the skills  expertise and experience that each of the Directors brings to the Board are set out on pages 25 and 26 of the 2022 Annual Report. The appointment and re-appointment of each Director will be considered separately as ordinary resolutions.The Board regularly reviews the performance of Directors and is satisfied that all the Directors proposed for re-appointment or appointment continue to perform effectively and to demonstrate commitment to their respective roles. Details of the process used to evaluate the effectiveness of the Board and of individual Directors are set out on page 44 of the 2022 Annual Report.Resolution 3 & 4: Re-appointment and Remuneration of the AuditorsIn accordance with the provisions of the AIC Corporate Governance Code  the Company is required at each general meeting at which accounts are presented to appoint the auditor to hold office until the next such meeting. BDO has indicated their willingness to continue in office. Accordingly  Resolution 3 is an ordinary resolution that reappoints BDO as auditors of the Company and Resolution 4 is an ordinary resolution that authorises the Directors to fix the remuneration of the Auditors for the year ending 31 December 2023.Resolution 5- Board authority to allot relevant securities (up to a maximum of one-third of the Company's issued ordinary share capital)Resolution 5 would give the Directors' authority to allot relevant securities (as defined in the Companies Act 2014  but essentially Ordinary Shares or rights to subscribe for  or convert into  Ordinary Shares) up to an amount equal to an aggregate nominal value of €3 804 129 (representing approximately one third of the issued ordinary share capital of the Company as at 20 March 2023 (the latest practicable date prior to the publication of this Notice)). The Directors have no current intention of exercising this authority. If adopted  this authority will expire on close of business on the date of the next AGM of the Company or on the date 15 months after the passing of the resolution (whichever is earlier) unless previously varied  revoked or renewed. This resolution will be proposed as an ordinary resolution.The authority proposed to be granted by this resolution is calculated on the same basis as the Board share allotment authority that was granted at the annual general meeting of the Company held on 29 April 2022 (which authority will expire at the conclusion of the 2023 AGM).Resolutions 6 and 7 - Disapplication of statutory pre-emption rights in certain circumstancesIf the Directors wish to exercise the authority under Resolution 5 and offer Ordinary Shares or rights over Ordinary Shares for cash  the Companies Act 2014 requires that unless Shareholders have given specific authority for the waiver of their statutory pre-emption rights  the Ordinary Shares must be offered first to existing Shareholders in proportion to their existing shareholdings. In certain circumstances  it may be in the best interests of the Company to allot new Ordinary Shares (or to grant rights over new Ordinary Shares) for cash without first offering them to existing Shareholders in proportion to their holdings in order to make investments in line with the Company's investment policies. This cannot be done unless Shareholders have first waived their pre-emption rights.Resolution 6 is a special resolution that would authorise the Directors to allot equity securities (as defined in the Companies Act 2014) for cash (i) by way of a rights issue or other pro rata offer in favour of existing Shareholders (subject to certain exclusions)  or (ii) otherwise up to an aggregate nominal value of €1 141 238  which is equivalent to approximately 10 per cent. of the issued ordinary share capital of the Company on 20 March 2023  being the latest practicable date prior to the publication of this Notice. The authority proposed to be granted by Resolution 6 is calculated on the same basis as the authority given to Directors at the annual general meeting of the Company held on 29 April 2022 and which will expire at the conclusion of the 2023 AGM.Resolution 7  which is also a special resolution  is new and would authorise the Directors to allot equity securities for cash otherwise than in accordance with statutory pre-emption in an amount up to an additional 10 per cent. of the issued ordinary share capital of the Company on 20 March 2023.Accordingly  Resolutions 6 and 7 would together allow the Company to carry out one or more tap issues  in aggregate  up to 20% of the number of Ordinary Shares in issue on 20 March 2023 and thus to pursue specific investment opportunities in atimely manner in the future and without the requirement to convene an extraordinary general meeting or publish a prospectus and incur the associated costs. The Directors are aware that the combined authority to disapply pre-emption rights in respect of up to 20% of the Company's issued ordinary share capital sought under Resolutions 6 and 7 is higher than the 10% previously sought by the Company. However  the Directors believe that a higher authority is justified to provide the Company with the flexibility to fund future acquisitions in line with the Company's anticipated acquisition pipeline. In addition  the higher authority will allow for the broadening of the Company's asset base  which will increase the diversity of the portfolio. It will also allow the Company to broaden its investor base and enhance the size and liquidity of the Company's share capital  and spread the fixed operating costs over a larger capital base  thereby reducing the Company's ongoing charges ratio.If approved  the above authorities will expire at the conclusion of the next AGM in 2024 or on the date 15 months after the passing of the resolutions  whichever is earlier.The Directors do not currently intend to allot Ordinary Shares other than to take advantage of opportunities in the market as they arise and only if they believe it would be advantageous to Shareholders to do so. As was stated in the admission document issued by the Company on 25 July 2017 (the ""Admission Document"")  any non-pre-emptive issue of Ordinary Shares will be priced at or above the then prevailing net asset value per Ordinary Share unless prior Shareholder approval is obtained.Resolution 8 - Authority to make market purchasesResolution 8 is a special resolution asking Shareholders to give the Company (and its subsidiaries) the authority to make market purchases or overseas market purchases provided that the maximum number of Ordinary Shares authorised to be acquired shall not exceed 14.99 per cent. of the issued ordinary share capital of the Company as at close of business on the date on which the resolution is passed. If adopted  this authority will expire on close of business on the date of the next AGM of the Company or on the date 15 months after the passing of the resolution (whichever is earlier) unless previously varied  revoked or renewed.The Directors do not have any current intention to exercise this power. Furthermore  such purchases would be made only at price levels which the Directors considered to be in the best interests of the Shareholders generally  after taking into account the Company's overall financial position.In addition  the authority being sought from Shareholders will provide that the minimum price (excluding expenses) which may be paid for such Ordinary Shares shall be an amount not less than the nominal value of the Ordinary Shares and the maximum price will be not more than the higher of:(a) 5 per cent. above the average market value of the Ordinary Shares for the five business days prior to the day the purchase is made; and(b) the amount stipulated by Article 5(6) of the EU Market Abuse Regulation (No. 596/2014).The authority conferred by this resolution  if passed  will be on identical terms to the existing authority given to Directors at the annual general meeting of the Company held on 29 April 2022 and which will expire at the conclusion of the 2023 AGM.Resolution 9 - Reissue price range of treasury sharesPursuant to Resolution 8  Shareholders are being asked to approve (by way of special resolution) the price range at which any treasury share (that is  an Ordinary Share purchased and held by the Company rather than being cancelled) may be reissued off-market. The maximum and minimum prices at which such an Ordinary Shares may be reissued are 120 per cent. and 95 per cent.  respectively  of the average market price of an Ordinary Share calculated over the five business days immediately preceding the date of such reissue. As at the date of this Notice  no issued Ordinary Shares are held as treasury shares.As at 20 March 2023  being the latest practicable date before the publication of this Notice  the Company held no equity securities in treasury.The authority conferred by this resolution  if passed  will be on identical terms to the existing authority given to Directors atthe annual general meeting of the Company held on 29 April 2022 and which will expire at the conclusion of the 2023 AGM.Resolution 10 - Reduction of Share CapitalUnder Irish company law  any dividends  share redemptions or repurchases made by the Company must be funded from distributable reserves or  for share repurchases or redemptions  from the proceeds of a fresh issue of shares for that purpose. Sections 84 and 85 of the Companies Act 2014 enables a company  subject to shareholder approval and the confirmation of the Irish High Court  to create distributable reserves through a reduction of company capital.The Company's existing distributable reserves have been reduced over time by the regular dividends that it declares and accordingly the Company wishes to ensure that it is not constrained from paying dividends or repurchasing shares by a lack of distributable reserves in circumstances where it is otherwise in a position to pay dividends and/or repurchase shares.As at 31 December 2022  the Company had approximately €140 048 064 of distributable reserves. However  it also has accumulated significant share premium of approximately €942 953 513 as at 31 December 2022. Share premium is not considered part of distributable reserves under Irish law.In Resolution 10  Shareholders are being asked to approve  (i) a reduction of the Company's capital by the cancellation of the entire amount of undenominated capital credited to the Company's share premium account as at 31 December 2022 or such lesser amount as may be determined by the Board or the Irish High Court; and (ii) the reserve resulting from such cancellation being treated as distributable reserves.Even if Shareholders approve Resolution 10  any proposed capital reduction is subject to the Irish High Court's confirmation. The approval by the Irish High Court of the creation of distributable reserves is within its discretion and there is no certainty of such confirmation  although the Directors are not aware of any reason why the Irish High Court would not approve the creation of distributable reserves in this manner. If approved  the utilisation of such additional distributable reserves (for dividends  share repurchases or otherwise) will depend on the Company's dividend policy  prevailing market conditions  investment requirements and other factors.Action to be takenThose Shareholders unable to attend the AGM may appoint a proxy. The process for appointing a proxy will depend on the manner in which you hold your ordinary shares in the Company.For Shareholders whose name appears on the register of members of the Company (being those who hold their shares in certificated form and who do not hold their interests in ordinary shares as Belgian law rights through the Euroclear system or as CDIs through the CREST system)  your proxy may be submitted:• by post  by completing the enclosed Form of Proxy and returning it to the Company's Registrar  Computershare Investor Services (Ireland) Limited  3100 Lake Drive  Citywest Business Campus  Dublin 24  D24 AK82  Ireland; or• through the internet; instructions on how to do this are set out on the Form of Proxy.Electronic proxy voting by Euroclear Nominees Limited in respect of the ordinary shares registered in the name of Euroclear Nominees Limited as nominee for Euroclear Bank SA/NV (""Euroclear Bank"") may also occur through the use of a secured mechanism to exchange electronic messages as agreed by the Company with Euroclear Bank.Persons who hold their interests in ordinary shares as Belgian law rights through the Euroclear system or as CDIs through the CREST system  should consult with their stockbroker or other intermediary at the earliest opportunity for further information on the processes and timelines for submitting proxy votes for the AGM through the respective systems.For voting services offered by custodians holding Irish corporate securities directly with Euroclear Bank  please contact your custodian.Deadlines for receipt by the Company of proxy voting instructionsAll proxy voting instructions (whether submitted directly or through the Euroclear or (via a holding of CDIs) CREST",neutral,0.0,0.99,0.0,mixed,0.35,0.14,0.51,True,English,"['Annual General Meeting', 'Greencoat Renewables', 'Notice', 'Independent Non-Executive Director Kevin McNamara', 'Independent Non-Executive Director Marco Graziano', 'Independent Non-Executive Director Ocorian Administration', 'Independent Non-Executive Director Eva Lindqvist', 'Rónán Murphy', 'AIC Corporate Governance Code', 'Company Secretary Riverside One', 'Independent Non-Executive Chairman', 'The Annual General Meeting', 'independent professional adviser', 'independent financial adviser', 'additional voting deadlines', 'respective service offerings', 'Sir John Rogerson', 'Computershare Investor Services', 'Investment Intermediaries Act', 'Citywest Business Campus', 'The Annual Report', 'Greencoat Renewables PLC', '2022 Annual Report', 'Financial Services', 'Financial Instruments', 'Financial Statements', 'IMMEDIATE ATTENTION', 'European Union', 'United Kingdom', 'ordinary shares', 'other agent', 'relevant laws', 'Davy House', '49 Dawson Street', '3100 Lake Drive', 'D24 AK82', 'Euroclear System', 'CREST system', 'other intermediary', 'earliest opportunity', 'Companies Acts', 'registered number', 'Emer Gilvarry', 'Dear Shareholder', 'meaningful opportunity', 'ordinary business', 'special business', 'The Company', 'ACCOMPANYING FORM', 'Markets Act', 'formal Notice', 'ordinary resolution', 'current Directors', 'Ireland) Limited', 'DOCUMENT', 'PROXY', 'doubt', 'action', 'Regulations', 'territory', 'purchaser', 'transferee', 'stockbroker', 'sale', 'transmission', 'jurisdiction', 'violation', 'part', 'holding', 'person', 'disposal', 'Friday', 'April', '9.30 a', 'Dublin', 'D02', 'connection', 'resolutions', 'Registrar', 'manner', 'Notes', 'website', 'CDIs', 'UK', 'Quay', 'letter', 'Shareholders', 'March', 'AGM', 'worthwhile', 'questions', 'Board', 'period', 'pages', '10 items', 'purposes', 'Receipt', 'reports', 'Auditors', 'December', 'review', 'affairs', 'Re-appointment', 'accordance', 'provisions', 'Articles', 'Association', 'office']",2023-03-29,2023-03-30,marketscreener.com
21606,Euroclear,NewsApi.org,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/ericssons-annual-general-meeting-2023-174400577.html,Ericsson's Annual General Meeting 2023,Telefonaktiebolaget LM Ericsson's (NASDAQ:ERIC) Annual General Meeting (AGM) was held today on March 29  2023 in Kista  Stockholm. Shareholders were also...,"STOCKHOLM  March 29  2023 /PRNewswire/ -- Telefonaktiebolaget LM Ericsson's (NASDAQ:ERIC) Annual General Meeting (AGM) was held today on March 29  2023 in Kista  Stockholm. Shareholders were also able to exercise their voting rights by post before the meeting.Adoption of the Profit and Loss Statements and the Balance SheetsThe AGM resolved to adopt the Profit and Loss Statement and the Balance Sheet for the Parent company as well as the Consolidated Profit and Loss Statement and the Consolidated Balance Sheet for the Group for 2022.DividendThe proposed dividend of SEK 2.70 per share was approved by the AGM. The dividend will be paid in two equal installments: SEK 1.35 per share with the record date Friday  March 31  2023  and SEK 1.35 per share with the record date Friday  September 29  2023. Euroclear Sweden AB is expected to disburse SEK 1.35 per share on Wednesday  April 5  2023  and SEK 1.35 per share on Wednesday  October 4  2023.Remuneration reportThe AGM resolved to adopt the Board of Directors' remuneration report for 2022.Discharge from liabilityThe AGM resolved to discharge Carolina Dybeck Happe and Annika Salomonsson from liability for the financial year 2022. It was recorded that shareholders representing at least one tenth of all of the shares in the company voted against discharge from liability for the other members of the Board and the President for the financial year 2022.Board of DirectorsThe AGM elected Board members in accordance with the proposal of the Nomination Committee. Jan Carlson was elected as new Chair of the Board and Jon Fredrik Baksaas  Börje Ekholm  Eric A. Elzvik  Carolina Dybeck Happe  Kristin S. Rinne  Helena Stjernholm and Jacob Wallenberg were re-elected as Board members. Jonas Synnergren and Christy Wyatt were elected new Board members. Ronnie Leten  Kurt Jofs and Nora Denzel  who did not stand for re-election  left the Board of Directors in connection with the AGM. It was also noted that the unions have appointed Torbjörn Nyman  Anders Ripa and Kjell-Åke Soting employee representatives in the Board of Directors with Ulf Rosberg  Loredana Roslund and Annika Salomonsson as deputies.Story continuesBoard of Directors' FeesThe AGM resolved on fees to the Board of Directors  in accordance with the Nomination Committee's proposal. Yearly fee to the Chair of the Board of SEK 4 500 000  and fees to other non-employee members of the Board  elected by the AGM  of SEK 1 140 000 each. Fees for Committee work to non-employee members of the Committees  elected by the AGM  were approved as follows: SEK 495 000 to the Chair of the Audit and Compliance Committee and SEK 285 000 to each of the other members of the Audit and Compliance Committee  SEK 210 000 to each of the Chairs of the Finance Committee  the Remuneration Committee and the Technology and Science Committee  and SEK 185 000 to each of the other members of the Finance Committee  the Remuneration Committee and the Technology and Science Committee.The AGM approved the Nomination Committee's proposal to enable payment of part of the fees to the members of the Board for the Board assignment (excluding fees for Committee work)  in the form of synthetic shares.AuditorThe AGM re-elected Deloitte AB as auditor for the period up until the end of the AGM 2024 and approved the Nomination Committee´s proposal for auditor fee.Long-Term Variable Compensation ProgramsLong-Term Variable Compensation Program I 2023 (LTV I 2023)In accordance with the Board of Directors' proposals  the AGM resolved on implementation of LTV I 2023 for the members of the Executive Team  including the President and CEO  (currently 17 individuals)  comprising a maximum of 4.1 million B-shares in Ericsson. ""Performance Share Awards"" will be granted free of charge entitling the participant to receive a number of shares  free of charge  following the expiration of a three-year vesting period  provided that certain performance conditions are met and that the participant retains his or her employment. The 4.1 million B-shares covered by LTV I 2023 correspond to approximately 0.12 percent of the total number of registered shares of the company.Furthermore  the AGM resolved to approve the Board of Directors' proposal to hedge the company's undertakings under LTV I 2023 through an equity swap agreement with a third party.Long-Term Variable Compensation Program II 2023 (LTV II 2023)In accordance with the Board of Directors' proposals  the AGM resolved as follows:Implementation of LTV II 2023 for employees classified as Executives  excluding the President and CEO and Executive Team  (currently approximately 180 employees)  comprising a maximum of 5.9 million B-shares in Ericsson. ""Performance Share Awards"" will be granted free of charge entitling the participant to receive a number of shares  free of charge  following the expiration of a three-year vesting period  provided that certain performance conditions are met and that the participant retains his or her employment. The 5.9 million B-shares covered by LTV II 2023 correspond to approximately 0.18 percent of the total number of registered shares of the company.A directed issue of 5.9 million C-shares to Investor AB  or subsidiaries of Investor AB  at a subscription price corresponding to the quota value of the share (approximately SEK 5).Authorization for the Board of Directors to  prior to the AGM 2024  resolve on an acquisition offer regarding the 5.9 million C-shares at a price per share corresponding to the quota value of the share (approximately SEK 5). Following the acquisition  the C-shares will  in accordance with the articles of association  be converted into B-shares  which thereafter can be transferred to employees and on an exchange.Transfer of no more than 4.9 million B-shares  free of consideration  to employees covered by the terms of the LTV II 2023. The AGM further resolved to authorize the Board of Directors to decide to  in conjunction with the delivery of vested shares under LTV II 2023  prior to the AGM 2024  retain and sell no more than 60% of the vested B-shares on Nasdaq Stockholm at a price within the  at each time  prevailing price interval for the share  in order to cover for the costs for withholding and paying tax and social security liabilities on behalf of the participants of LTV II 2023 in relation to the Performance Share Awards for remittance to revenue authorities.Transfer of no more than 1.0 million B-shares on Nasdaq Stockholm  prior to the AGM 2024  at a price within the  at each time  prevailing price interval for the share  to cover certain expenses  mainly social security payments.Transfer of treasury stock to employees and on an exchange  directed share issues and acquisition offer for the previously resolved LTV programs 2021 and 2022 (LTV 2021 and LTV 2022)The AGM resolved to approve the Board of Directors' proposals on:directed issues of in total 4.1 million C-shares to Investor AB  or subsidiaries of Investor AB  at a subscription price corresponding to the quota value of the share (approximately SEK 5);authorization for the Board of Directors to  prior to the AGM 2024  resolve on an acquisition offer regarding the 4.1 million C-shares at a price per share corresponding to the quota value of the share (approximately SEK 5); following the acquisition  the C-shares will  in accordance with the articles of association  be converted into B-shares  which thereafter can be transferred to employees and on an exchange;transfer of no more than 3.1 million B-shares  free of consideration  to employees covered by the terms of LTV 2021 and LTV 2022  with an authorization for the Board of Directors to decide to  in conjunction with the delivery of vested shares under LTV 2021 and LTV 2022  prior to the AGM in 2024  retain and sell no more than 60% of the vested B-shares on Nasdaq Stockholm  at a price within the  at each time  prevailing price interval for the share  in order to cover for the costs for withholding and paying tax and social security liabilities on behalf of the participants in relation to the Performance Share Awards for remittance to revenue authorities; andtransfer of no more than 1 million B-shares on Nasdaq Stockholm  prior to the AGM 2024  at a price within the  at each time  prevailing price interval for the share  to cover certain expenses  mainly social security payments.Transfer of treasury stock on an exchange for previously resolved LTV programs 2019 and 2020The AGM resolved to approve the Board of Directors' proposals on:transfer of no more than 1.4 million B-shares on Nasdaq Stockholm  prior to the AGM 2024  at a price within the  at each time  prevailing price interval for the share  to cover certain expenses  mainly social security charges  which may occur in relation to the previously resolved and ongoing LTV programs LTV 2019 and LTV 2020; andauthorization for the Board of Directors to decide to  in conjunction with the delivery of vested shares under LTV 2019 and LTV 2020  prior to the AGM 2024  retain and sell no more than 60% of the vested B-shares on Nasdaq Stockholm  at a price within the  at each time  prevailing price interval for the share  in order to cover for the costs for withholding and paying tax and social security liabilities on behalf of the participants in relation to the Performance Share Awards for remittance to revenue authorities.New Guidelines for remuneration to Group managementThe AGM resolved to approve the new guidelines for remuneration to Group Management  in accordance with the Board of Directors' proposal.Shares and votesThere are in total 3 334 151 735 shares in the company; 261 755 983 A-shares and 3 072 395 752 B-shares  corresponding to in total 568 995 558.2 votes. The company's holding of treasury stock as of March 29  2023  amounts to 4 009 306 B-shares  corresponding to 400 930.6 votes.NOTES TO EDITORS:FOLLOW US:Subscribe to Ericsson press releases hereSubscribe to Ericsson blog posts herehttps://twitter.com/ericssonhttps://www.facebook.com/ericssonhttps://www.linkedin.com/company/ericssonFOR FURTHER INFORMATION  PLEASE CONTACT:Contact personsPeter Nyquist  Head of Investor RelationsPhone: +46 705 75 29 06E-mail: peter.nyquist@ericsson.comMediaPeter Borsos  Head of External RelationsPhone: +46703176800E-mail: peter.borsos@ericsson.comKristoffer Edshage  Head of Regulatory and Financial CommunicationPhone: +46 722 20 44 46E-mail: kristoffer.edshage@ericsson.comMedia relationsPhone: +46 10 719 69 92E-mail: media.relations@ericsson.comABOUT ERICSSON:Ericsson enables communications service providers and enterprises to capture the full value of connectivity. The company's portfolio spans the following business areas: Networks  Cloud Software and Services  Enterprise Wireless Solutions  Global Communications Platform  and Technologies and New Businesses. It is designed to help our customers go digital  increase efficiency and find new revenue streams. Ericsson's innovation investments have delivered the benefits of mobility and mobile broadband to billions of people globally. Ericsson stock is listed on Nasdaq Stockholm and on Nasdaq New York. www.ericsson.comThe following files are available for download:https://mb.cision.com/Main/15448/3743367/1953005.pdf Ericssons Annual General Meeting 2023CisionView original content:https://www.prnewswire.co.uk/news-releases/ericssons-annual-general-meeting-2023-301784989.html",neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,mixed,0.15,0.32,0.53,True,English,"['Annual General Meeting', 'Ericsson', 'Kjell-Åke Soting employee representatives', 'Long-Term Variable Compensation Programs', 'two equal installments', 'Carolina Dybeck Happe', 'Jon Fredrik Baksaas', 'Börje Ekholm', 'Eric A. Elzvik', 'Kristin S. Rinne', 'Torbjörn Nyman', 'equity swap agreement', 'Euroclear Sweden AB', 'three-year vesting period', 'Annual General Meeting', 'Consolidated Balance Sheet', 'other non-employee members', 'Performance Share Awards', 'new Board members', 'Deloitte AB', 'performance conditions', 'Balance Sheets', 'other members', 'voting rights', 'Loss Statements', 'record date', 'Remuneration report', 'Annika Salomonsson', 'financial year', 'one tenth', 'Nomination Committee', 'Jan Carlson', 'Helena Stjernholm', 'Jacob Wallenberg', 'Jonas Synnergren', 'Christy Wyatt', 'Ronnie Leten', 'Kurt Jofs', 'Nora Denzel', 'Anders Ripa', 'Ulf Rosberg', 'Loredana Roslund', 'Yearly fee', 'Committee work', 'Compliance Committee', 'Finance Committee', 'Remuneration Committee', 'Science Committee', 'Executive Team', '4.1 million B-shares', 'third party', '5.9 million B-shares', 'Consolidated Profit', 'new Chair', 'LTV I', ""Directors' proposals"", 'synthetic shares', 'registered shares', 'LM Ericsson', 'auditor fee', 'total number', 'The AGM', 'Board assignment', 'Parent company', ""Directors' Fees"", 'March', 'PRNewswire', 'Telefonaktiebolaget', 'Kista', 'Stockholm', 'Shareholders', 'post', 'Adoption', 'Group', 'Dividend', 'SEK 2.70', 'September', 'Wednesday', 'April', 'October', 'Discharge', 'liability', 'President', 'accordance', 'election', 'connection', 'unions', 'deputies', 'Story', 'Committees', 'Chairs', 'Technology', 'payment', 'implementation', 'CEO', '17 individuals', 'maximum', 'participant', 'expiration', 'employment', '0.12 percent', 'undertakings', 'employees', 'Executives']",2023-03-29,2023-03-30,finance.yahoo.com
21607,Euroclear,NewsApi.org,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/ericssons-annual-general-meeting-2023-175700644.html,Ericsson's Annual General Meeting 2023,Telefonaktiebolaget LM Ericsson's (NASDAQ:ERIC) Annual General Meeting (AGM) was held today on March 29  2023 in Kista  Stockholm. Shareholders were also...,"STOCKHOLM  March 30  2023 /PRNewswire/ -- Telefonaktiebolaget LM Ericsson's (NASDAQ:ERIC) Annual General Meeting (AGM) was held today on March 29  2023 in Kista  Stockholm. Shareholders were also able to exercise their voting rights by post before the meeting.Adoption of the Profit and Loss Statements and the Balance SheetsThe AGM resolved to adopt the Profit and Loss Statement and the Balance Sheet for the Parent company as well as the Consolidated Profit and Loss Statement and the Consolidated Balance Sheet for the Group for 2022.DividendThe proposed dividend of SEK 2.70 per share was approved by the AGM. The dividend will be paid in two equal installments: SEK 1.35 per share with the record date Friday  March 31  2023  and SEK 1.35 per share with the record date Friday  September 29  2023. Euroclear Sweden AB is expected to disburse SEK 1.35 per share on Wednesday  April 5  2023  and SEK 1.35 per share on Wednesday  October 4  2023.Remuneration reportThe AGM resolved to adopt the Board of Directors' remuneration report for 2022.Discharge from liabilityThe AGM resolved to discharge Carolina Dybeck Happe and Annika Salomonsson from liability for the financial year 2022. It was recorded that shareholders representing at least one tenth of all of the shares in the company voted against discharge from liability for the other members of the Board and the President for the financial year 2022.Board of DirectorsThe AGM elected Board members in accordance with the proposal of the Nomination Committee. Jan Carlson was elected as new Chair of the Board and Jon Fredrik Baksaas  Börje Ekholm  Eric A. Elzvik  Carolina Dybeck Happe  Kristin S. Rinne  Helena Stjernholm and Jacob Wallenberg were re-elected as Board members. Jonas Synnergren and Christy Wyatt were elected new Board members. Ronnie Leten  Kurt Jofs and Nora Denzel  who did not stand for re-election  left the Board of Directors in connection with the AGM. It was also noted that the unions have appointed Torbjörn Nyman  Anders Ripa and Kjell-Åke Soting employee representatives in the Board of Directors with Ulf Rosberg  Loredana Roslund and Annika Salomonsson as deputies.Story continuesBoard of Directors' FeesThe AGM resolved on fees to the Board of Directors  in accordance with the Nomination Committee's proposal. Yearly fee to the Chair of the Board of SEK 4 500 000  and fees to other non-employee members of the Board  elected by the AGM  of SEK 1 140 000 each. Fees for Committee work to non-employee members of the Committees  elected by the AGM  were approved as follows: SEK 495 000 to the Chair of the Audit and Compliance Committee and SEK 285 000 to each of the other members of the Audit and Compliance Committee  SEK 210 000 to each of the Chairs of the Finance Committee  the Remuneration Committee and the Technology and Science Committee  and SEK 185 000 to each of the other members of the Finance Committee  the Remuneration Committee and the Technology and Science Committee.The AGM approved the Nomination Committee's proposal to enable payment of part of the fees to the members of the Board for the Board assignment (excluding fees for Committee work)  in the form of synthetic shares.AuditorThe AGM re-elected Deloitte AB as auditor for the period up until the end of the AGM 2024 and approved the Nomination Committee´s proposal for auditor fee.Long-Term Variable Compensation ProgramsLong-Term Variable Compensation Program I 2023 (LTV I 2023)In accordance with the Board of Directors' proposals  the AGM resolved on implementation of LTV I 2023 for the members of the Executive Team  including the President and CEO  (currently 17 individuals)  comprising a maximum of 4.1 million B-shares in Ericsson. ""Performance Share Awards"" will be granted free of charge entitling the participant to receive a number of shares  free of charge  following the expiration of a three-year vesting period  provided that certain performance conditions are met and that the participant retains his or her employment. The 4.1 million B-shares covered by LTV I 2023 correspond to approximately 0.12 percent of the total number of registered shares of the company.Furthermore  the AGM resolved to approve the Board of Directors' proposal to hedge the company's undertakings under LTV I 2023 through an equity swap agreement with a third party.Long-Term Variable Compensation Program II 2023 (LTV II 2023)In accordance with the Board of Directors' proposals  the AGM resolved as follows:Implementation of LTV II 2023 for employees classified as Executives  excluding the President and CEO and Executive Team  (currently approximately 180 employees)  comprising a maximum of 5.9 million B-shares in Ericsson. ""Performance Share Awards"" will be granted free of charge entitling the participant to receive a number of shares  free of charge  following the expiration of a three-year vesting period  provided that certain performance conditions are met and that the participant retains his or her employment. The 5.9 million B-shares covered by LTV II 2023 correspond to approximately 0.18 percent of the total number of registered shares of the company.A directed issue of 5.9 million C-shares to Investor AB  or subsidiaries of Investor AB  at a subscription price corresponding to the quota value of the share (approximately SEK 5).Authorization for the Board of Directors to  prior to the AGM 2024  resolve on an acquisition offer regarding the 5.9 million C-shares at a price per share corresponding to the quota value of the share (approximately SEK 5). Following the acquisition  the C-shares will  in accordance with the articles of association  be converted into B-shares  which thereafter can be transferred to employees and on an exchange.Transfer of no more than 4.9 million B-shares  free of consideration  to employees covered by the terms of the LTV II 2023. The AGM further resolved to authorize the Board of Directors to decide to  in conjunction with the delivery of vested shares under LTV II 2023  prior to the AGM 2024  retain and sell no more than 60% of the vested B-shares on Nasdaq Stockholm at a price within the  at each time  prevailing price interval for the share  in order to cover for the costs for withholding and paying tax and social security liabilities on behalf of the participants of LTV II 2023 in relation to the Performance Share Awards for remittance to revenue authorities.Transfer of no more than 1.0 million B-shares on Nasdaq Stockholm  prior to the AGM 2024  at a price within the  at each time  prevailing price interval for the share  to cover certain expenses  mainly social security payments.Transfer of treasury stock to employees and on an exchange  directed share issues and acquisition offer for the previously resolved LTV programs 2021 and 2022 (LTV 2021 and LTV 2022)The AGM resolved to approve the Board of Directors' proposals on:directed issues of in total 4.1 million C-shares to Investor AB  or subsidiaries of Investor AB  at a subscription price corresponding to the quota value of the share (approximately SEK 5);authorization for the Board of Directors to  prior to the AGM 2024  resolve on an acquisition offer regarding the 4.1 million C-shares at a price per share corresponding to the quota value of the share (approximately SEK 5); following the acquisition  the C-shares will  in accordance with the articles of association  be converted into B-shares  which thereafter can be transferred to employees and on an exchange;transfer of no more than 3.1 million B-shares  free of consideration  to employees covered by the terms of LTV 2021 and LTV 2022  with an authorization for the Board of Directors to decide to  in conjunction with the delivery of vested shares under LTV 2021 and LTV 2022  prior to the AGM in 2024  retain and sell no more than 60% of the vested B-shares on Nasdaq Stockholm  at a price within the  at each time  prevailing price interval for the share  in order to cover for the costs for withholding and paying tax and social security liabilities on behalf of the participants in relation to the Performance Share Awards for remittance to revenue authorities; andtransfer of no more than 1 million B-shares on Nasdaq Stockholm  prior to the AGM 2024  at a price within the  at each time  prevailing price interval for the share  to cover certain expenses  mainly social security payments.Transfer of treasury stock on an exchange for previously resolved LTV programs 2019 and 2020The AGM resolved to approve the Board of Directors' proposals on:transfer of no more than 1.4 million B-shares on Nasdaq Stockholm  prior to the AGM 2024  at a price within the  at each time  prevailing price interval for the share  to cover certain expenses  mainly social security charges  which may occur in relation to the previously resolved and ongoing LTV programs LTV 2019 and LTV 2020; andauthorization for the Board of Directors to decide to  in conjunction with the delivery of vested shares under LTV 2019 and LTV 2020  prior to the AGM 2024  retain and sell no more than 60% of the vested B-shares on Nasdaq Stockholm  at a price within the  at each time  prevailing price interval for the share  in order to cover for the costs for withholding and paying tax and social security liabilities on behalf of the participants in relation to the Performance Share Awards for remittance to revenue authorities.New Guidelines for remuneration to Group managementThe AGM resolved to approve the new guidelines for remuneration to Group Management  in accordance with the Board of Directors' proposal.Shares and votesThere are in total 3 334 151 735 shares in the company; 261 755 983 A-shares and 3 072 395 752 B-shares  corresponding to in total 568 995 558.2 votes. The company's holding of treasury stock as of March 29  2023  amounts to 4 009 306 B-shares  corresponding to 400 930.6 votes.NOTES TO EDITORS:FOLLOW US:Subscribe to Ericsson press releases hereSubscribe to Ericsson blog posts herehttps://twitter.com/ericssonhttps://www.facebook.com/ericssonhttps://www.linkedin.com/company/ericssonFOR FURTHER INFORMATION  PLEASE CONTACT:Contact personsPeter Nyquist  Head of Investor RelationsPhone: +46 705 75 29 06E-mail: peter.nyquist@ericsson.comMediaPeter Borsos  Head of External RelationsPhone: +46703176800E-mail: peter.borsos@ericsson.comKristoffer Edshage  Head of Regulatory and Financial CommunicationPhone: +46 722 20 44 46E-mail: kristoffer.edshage@ericsson.comMedia relationsPhone: +46 10 719 69 92E-mail: media.relations@ericsson.comABOUT ERICSSON:Ericsson enables communications service providers and enterprises to capture the full value of connectivity. The company's portfolio spans the following business areas: Networks  Cloud Software and Services  Enterprise Wireless Solutions  Global Communications Platform  and Technologies and New Businesses. It is designed to help our customers go digital  increase efficiency and find new revenue streams. Ericsson's innovation investments have delivered the benefits of mobility and mobile broadband to billions of people globally. Ericsson stock is listed on Nasdaq Stockholm and on Nasdaq New York. www.ericsson.comThe following files are available for download:https://mb.cision.com/Main/15448/3743367/1953005.pdf Ericssons Annual General Meeting 2023CisionView original content:https://www.prnewswire.com/apac/news-releases/ericssons-annual-general-meeting-2023-301785005.htmlSOURCE Ericsson",neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,mixed,0.12,0.25,0.63,True,English,"['Annual General Meeting', 'Ericsson', 'Kjell-Åke Soting employee representatives', 'Long-Term Variable Compensation Programs', 'two equal installments', 'Carolina Dybeck Happe', 'Jon Fredrik Baksaas', 'Börje Ekholm', 'Eric A. Elzvik', 'Kristin S. Rinne', 'Torbjörn Nyman', 'equity swap agreement', 'Euroclear Sweden AB', 'three-year vesting period', 'Annual General Meeting', 'Consolidated Balance Sheet', 'other non-employee members', 'Performance Share Awards', 'new Board members', 'Deloitte AB', 'performance conditions', 'Balance Sheets', 'other members', 'voting rights', 'Loss Statements', 'record date', 'Remuneration report', 'Annika Salomonsson', 'financial year', 'one tenth', 'Nomination Committee', 'Jan Carlson', 'Helena Stjernholm', 'Jacob Wallenberg', 'Jonas Synnergren', 'Christy Wyatt', 'Ronnie Leten', 'Kurt Jofs', 'Nora Denzel', 'Anders Ripa', 'Ulf Rosberg', 'Loredana Roslund', 'Yearly fee', 'Committee work', 'Compliance Committee', 'Finance Committee', 'Remuneration Committee', 'Science Committee', 'Executive Team', '4.1 million B-shares', 'third party', '5.9 million B-shares', 'Consolidated Profit', 'new Chair', 'LTV I', ""Directors' proposals"", 'synthetic shares', 'registered shares', 'LM Ericsson', 'auditor fee', 'total number', 'The AGM', 'Board assignment', 'Parent company', ""Directors' Fees"", 'PRNewswire', 'Telefonaktiebolaget', 'March', 'Kista', 'Stockholm', 'Shareholders', 'post', 'Adoption', 'Group', 'Dividend', 'SEK 2.70', 'September', 'Wednesday', 'April', 'October', 'Discharge', 'liability', 'President', 'accordance', 'election', 'connection', 'unions', 'deputies', 'Story', 'Committees', 'Chairs', 'Technology', 'payment', 'implementation', 'CEO', '17 individuals', 'maximum', 'participant', 'expiration', 'employment', '0.12 percent', 'undertakings', 'employees', 'Executives', '2022']",2023-03-29,2023-03-30,finance.yahoo.com
21608,Euroclear,NewsApi.org,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/ericssons-annual-general-meeting-2023-174000831.html,Ericsson's Annual General Meeting 2023,Telefonaktiebolaget LM Ericsson's (NASDAQ:ERIC) Annual General Meeting (AGM) was held today on March 29  2023 in Kista  Stockholm. Shareholders were also...,"STOCKHOLM  March 29  2023 /PRNewswire/ -- Telefonaktiebolaget LM Ericsson's (NASDAQ:ERIC) Annual General Meeting (AGM) was held today on March 29  2023 in Kista  Stockholm. Shareholders were also able to exercise their voting rights by post before the meeting.Adoption of the Profit and Loss Statements and the Balance SheetsThe AGM resolved to adopt the Profit and Loss Statement and the Balance Sheet for the Parent company as well as the Consolidated Profit and Loss Statement and the Consolidated Balance Sheet for the Group for 2022.DividendThe proposed dividend of SEK 2.70 per share was approved by the AGM. The dividend will be paid in two equal installments: SEK 1.35 per share with the record date Friday  March 31  2023  and SEK 1.35 per share with the record date Friday  September 29  2023. Euroclear Sweden AB is expected to disburse SEK 1.35 per share on Wednesday  April 5  2023  and SEK 1.35 per share on Wednesday  October 4  2023.Remuneration reportThe AGM resolved to adopt the Board of Directors' remuneration report for 2022.Discharge from liabilityThe AGM resolved to discharge Carolina Dybeck Happe and Annika Salomonsson from liability for the financial year 2022. It was recorded that shareholders representing at least one tenth of all of the shares in the company voted against discharge from liability for the other members of the Board and the President for the financial year 2022.Board of DirectorsThe AGM elected Board members in accordance with the proposal of the Nomination Committee. Jan Carlson was elected as new Chair of the Board and Jon Fredrik Baksaas  Börje Ekholm  Eric A. Elzvik  Carolina Dybeck Happe  Kristin S. Rinne  Helena Stjernholm and Jacob Wallenberg were re-elected as Board members. Jonas Synnergren and Christy Wyatt were elected new Board members. Ronnie Leten  Kurt Jofs and Nora Denzel  who did not stand for re-election  left the Board of Directors in connection with the AGM. It was also noted that the unions have appointed Torbjörn Nyman  Anders Ripa and Kjell-Åke Soting employee representatives in the Board of Directors with Ulf Rosberg  Loredana Roslund and Annika Salomonsson as deputies.Story continuesBoard of Directors' FeesThe AGM resolved on fees to the Board of Directors  in accordance with the Nomination Committee's proposal. Yearly fee to the Chair of the Board of SEK 4 500 000  and fees to other non-employee members of the Board  elected by the AGM  of SEK 1 140 000 each. Fees for Committee work to non-employee members of the Committees  elected by the AGM  were approved as follows: SEK 495 000 to the Chair of the Audit and Compliance Committee and SEK 285 000 to each of the other members of the Audit and Compliance Committee  SEK 210 000 to each of the Chairs of the Finance Committee  the Remuneration Committee and the Technology and Science Committee  and SEK 185 000 to each of the other members of the Finance Committee  the Remuneration Committee and the Technology and Science Committee.The AGM approved the Nomination Committee's proposal to enable payment of part of the fees to the members of the Board for the Board assignment (excluding fees for Committee work)  in the form of synthetic shares.AuditorThe AGM re-elected Deloitte AB as auditor for the period up until the end of the AGM 2024 and approved the Nomination Committee´s proposal for auditor fee.Long-Term Variable Compensation ProgramsLong-Term Variable Compensation Program I 2023 (LTV I 2023)In accordance with the Board of Directors' proposals  the AGM resolved on implementation of LTV I 2023 for the members of the Executive Team  including the President and CEO  (currently 17 individuals)  comprising a maximum of 4.1 million B-shares in Ericsson. ""Performance Share Awards"" will be granted free of charge entitling the participant to receive a number of shares  free of charge  following the expiration of a three-year vesting period  provided that certain performance conditions are met and that the participant retains his or her employment. The 4.1 million B-shares covered by LTV I 2023 correspond to approximately 0.12 percent of the total number of registered shares of the company.Furthermore  the AGM resolved to approve the Board of Directors' proposal to hedge the company's undertakings under LTV I 2023 through an equity swap agreement with a third party.Long-Term Variable Compensation Program II 2023 (LTV II 2023)In accordance with the Board of Directors' proposals  the AGM resolved as follows:Implementation of LTV II 2023 for employees classified as Executives  excluding the President and CEO and Executive Team  (currently approximately 180 employees)  comprising a maximum of 5.9 million B-shares in Ericsson. ""Performance Share Awards"" will be granted free of charge entitling the participant to receive a number of shares  free of charge  following the expiration of a three-year vesting period  provided that certain performance conditions are met and that the participant retains his or her employment. The 5.9 million B-shares covered by LTV II 2023 correspond to approximately 0.18 percent of the total number of registered shares of the company.A directed issue of 5.9 million C-shares to Investor AB  or subsidiaries of Investor AB  at a subscription price corresponding to the quota value of the share (approximately SEK 5).Authorization for the Board of Directors to  prior to the AGM 2024  resolve on an acquisition offer regarding the 5.9 million C-shares at a price per share corresponding to the quota value of the share (approximately SEK 5). Following the acquisition  the C-shares will  in accordance with the articles of association  be converted into B-shares  which thereafter can be transferred to employees and on an exchange.Transfer of no more than 4.9 million B-shares  free of consideration  to employees covered by the terms of the LTV II 2023. The AGM further resolved to authorize the Board of Directors to decide to  in conjunction with the delivery of vested shares under LTV II 2023  prior to the AGM 2024  retain and sell no more than 60% of the vested B-shares on Nasdaq Stockholm at a price within the  at each time  prevailing price interval for the share  in order to cover for the costs for withholding and paying tax and social security liabilities on behalf of the participants of LTV II 2023 in relation to the Performance Share Awards for remittance to revenue authorities.Transfer of no more than 1.0 million B-shares on Nasdaq Stockholm  prior to the AGM 2024  at a price within the  at each time  prevailing price interval for the share  to cover certain expenses  mainly social security payments.Transfer of treasury stock to employees and on an exchange  directed share issues and acquisition offer for the previously resolved LTV programs 2021 and 2022 (LTV 2021 and LTV 2022)The AGM resolved to approve the Board of Directors' proposals on:directed issues of in total 4.1 million C-shares to Investor AB  or subsidiaries of Investor AB  at a subscription price corresponding to the quota value of the share (approximately SEK 5);authorization for the Board of Directors to  prior to the AGM 2024  resolve on an acquisition offer regarding the 4.1 million C-shares at a price per share corresponding to the quota value of the share (approximately SEK 5); following the acquisition  the C-shares will  in accordance with the articles of association  be converted into B-shares  which thereafter can be transferred to employees and on an exchange;transfer of no more than 3.1 million B-shares  free of consideration  to employees covered by the terms of LTV 2021 and LTV 2022  with an authorization for the Board of Directors to decide to  in conjunction with the delivery of vested shares under LTV 2021 and LTV 2022  prior to the AGM in 2024  retain and sell no more than 60% of the vested B-shares on Nasdaq Stockholm  at a price within the  at each time  prevailing price interval for the share  in order to cover for the costs for withholding and paying tax and social security liabilities on behalf of the participants in relation to the Performance Share Awards for remittance to revenue authorities; andtransfer of no more than 1 million B-shares on Nasdaq Stockholm  prior to the AGM 2024  at a price within the  at each time  prevailing price interval for the share  to cover certain expenses  mainly social security payments.Transfer of treasury stock on an exchange for previously resolved LTV programs 2019 and 2020The AGM resolved to approve the Board of Directors' proposals on:transfer of no more than 1.4 million B-shares on Nasdaq Stockholm  prior to the AGM 2024  at a price within the  at each time  prevailing price interval for the share  to cover certain expenses  mainly social security charges  which may occur in relation to the previously resolved and ongoing LTV programs LTV 2019 and LTV 2020; andauthorization for the Board of Directors to decide to  in conjunction with the delivery of vested shares under LTV 2019 and LTV 2020  prior to the AGM 2024  retain and sell no more than 60% of the vested B-shares on Nasdaq Stockholm  at a price within the  at each time  prevailing price interval for the share  in order to cover for the costs for withholding and paying tax and social security liabilities on behalf of the participants in relation to the Performance Share Awards for remittance to revenue authorities.New Guidelines for remuneration to Group managementThe AGM resolved to approve the new guidelines for remuneration to Group Management  in accordance with the Board of Directors' proposal.Shares and votesThere are in total 3 334 151 735 shares in the company; 261 755 983 A-shares and 3 072 395 752 B-shares  corresponding to in total 568 995 558.2 votes. The company's holding of treasury stock as of March 29  2023  amounts to 4 009 306 B-shares  corresponding to 400 930.6 votes.NOTES TO EDITORS:FOLLOW US:Subscribe to Ericsson press releases hereSubscribe to Ericsson blog posts herehttps://twitter.com/ericssonhttps://www.facebook.com/ericssonhttps://www.linkedin.com/company/ericssonFOR FURTHER INFORMATION  PLEASE CONTACT:Contact personsPeter Nyquist  Head of Investor RelationsPhone: +46 705 75 29 06E-mail: peter.nyquist@ericsson.comMediaPeter Borsos  Head of External RelationsPhone: +46703176800E-mail: peter.borsos@ericsson.comKristoffer Edshage  Head of Regulatory and Financial CommunicationPhone: +46 722 20 44 46E-mail: kristoffer.edshage@ericsson.comMedia relationsPhone: +46 10 719 69 92E-mail: media.relations@ericsson.comABOUT ERICSSON:Ericsson enables communications service providers and enterprises to capture the full value of connectivity. The company's portfolio spans the following business areas: Networks  Cloud Software and Services  Enterprise Wireless Solutions  Global Communications Platform  and Technologies and New Businesses. It is designed to help our customers go digital  increase efficiency and find new revenue streams. Ericsson's innovation investments have delivered the benefits of mobility and mobile broadband to billions of people globally. Ericsson stock is listed on Nasdaq Stockholm and on Nasdaq New York. www.ericsson.comThe following files are available for download:https://mb.cision.com/Main/15448/3743367/1953005.pdf Ericssons Annual General Meeting 2023CisionView original content:https://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/ericssons-annual-general-meeting-2023-301784984.htmlSOURCE Ericsson",neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,mixed,0.15,0.32,0.53,True,English,"['Annual General Meeting', 'Ericsson', 'Kjell-Åke Soting employee representatives', 'Long-Term Variable Compensation Programs', 'two equal installments', 'Carolina Dybeck Happe', 'Jon Fredrik Baksaas', 'Börje Ekholm', 'Eric A. Elzvik', 'Kristin S. Rinne', 'Torbjörn Nyman', 'equity swap agreement', 'Euroclear Sweden AB', 'three-year vesting period', 'Annual General Meeting', 'Consolidated Balance Sheet', 'other non-employee members', 'Performance Share Awards', 'new Board members', 'Deloitte AB', 'performance conditions', 'Balance Sheets', 'other members', 'voting rights', 'Loss Statements', 'record date', 'Remuneration report', 'Annika Salomonsson', 'financial year', 'one tenth', 'Nomination Committee', 'Jan Carlson', 'Helena Stjernholm', 'Jacob Wallenberg', 'Jonas Synnergren', 'Christy Wyatt', 'Ronnie Leten', 'Kurt Jofs', 'Nora Denzel', 'Anders Ripa', 'Ulf Rosberg', 'Loredana Roslund', 'Yearly fee', 'Committee work', 'Compliance Committee', 'Finance Committee', 'Remuneration Committee', 'Science Committee', 'Executive Team', '4.1 million B-shares', 'third party', '5.9 million B-shares', 'Consolidated Profit', 'new Chair', 'LTV I', ""Directors' proposals"", 'synthetic shares', 'registered shares', 'LM Ericsson', 'auditor fee', 'total number', 'The AGM', 'Board assignment', 'Parent company', ""Directors' Fees"", 'March', 'PRNewswire', 'Telefonaktiebolaget', 'Kista', 'Stockholm', 'Shareholders', 'post', 'Adoption', 'Group', 'Dividend', 'SEK 2.70', 'September', 'Wednesday', 'April', 'October', 'Discharge', 'liability', 'President', 'accordance', 'election', 'connection', 'unions', 'deputies', 'Story', 'Committees', 'Chairs', 'Technology', 'payment', 'implementation', 'CEO', '17 individuals', 'maximum', 'participant', 'expiration', 'employment', '0.12 percent', 'undertakings', 'employees', 'Executives']",2023-03-29,2023-03-30,finance.yahoo.com
21609,Euroclear,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/HEXAGON-AB-445395/news/Notice-to-the-Annual-General-Meeting-in-Hexagon-AB-publ-43363333/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230329,Notice to the Annual General Meeting in Hexagon AB (publ),(marketscreener.com) The shareholders of Hexagon AB are invited to attend the Annual General Meeting to be held at 16:00 CET on Tuesday 2 May 2023  at IVA Conference Center  Grev Turegatan 16  Stockholm.  STOCKHOLM  March 29  2023 /PRNewswire/ -- The Board…,"The shareholders of Hexagon AB are invited to attend the Annual General Meeting (AGM) to be held at 16:00 CET on Tuesday 2 May 2023  at IVA Conference Center  Grev Turegatan 16  Stockholm.STOCKHOLM  March 29  2023 /PRNewswire/ -- The Board of Directors has  pursuant to Chapter 7  Section 4 a of the Swedish Companies Act (Sw. aktiebolagslagen) and the company's Articles of Association  decided that shareholders shall be able to exercise their voting rights by postal voting before the General Meeting. Consequently  shareholders may choose to exercise their voting rights at the AGM by attending in person  through a proxy or by postal voting.A. PARTICIPATION IN PERSON OR BY PROXYShareholders who wish to attend the AGM must:firstly   be recorded as shareholders in the share register maintained by Euroclear Sweden AB on Friday 21 April 2023  andsecondly   notify the company of their attendance no later than Tuesday 25 April 2023  according to the instructions below.Notice of attendance to the Annual General Meeting can be given on Hexagon's website  www.hexagon.com  or by post to: Hexagon AB  ""Annual General Meeting""  c/o Euroclear Sweden AB  P.O. Box 191  SE-101 23 Stockholm  Sweden or by phone +46 8-402 92 21  on 25 April 2023 at the latest.When giving notice of attendance  the shareholder must state their name  personal identity number/corporate identity number  address  telephone number (daytime) and shareholding.For shareholders who wish to be represented by a proxy  an original proxy to act on behalf of the shareholder should be attached to the notice of attendance. A proxy form will be available on the company's website www.hexagon.com and will be sent by post to shareholders that contact the company and state their address. Representatives of a legal entity should also send a copy of the registration certificate or similar documentation of authorisation.B. PARTICIPATION BY POSTAL VOTINGShareholders may exercise their voting rights through postal voting. Shareholders who wish to participate in the Annual General Meeting by postal voting must:firstly   be recorded as shareholder in the share register maintained by Euroclear Sweden AB on Friday 21 April 2023  andsecondly   notify the company by submitting a postal vote in accordance with the instructions below  so that the postal vote is received by Euroclear Sweden AB no later than Tuesday 25 April 2023.A special form must be used for the postal vote. The postal voting form is available on the company's website www.hexagon.com. A separate notification to the Annual General Meeting is not required as the postal voting form willbe considered as a notification. Completed and signed postal voting forms can be sent by mail to Hexagon AB  ""Annual General Meeting""  c/o Euroclear Sweden AB  P.O. Box 191  SE-101 23 Stockholm  Sweden  or by e-mail to GeneralMeetingService@euroclear.com. Completed and signed forms must be received by Euroclear Sweden AB no later than 25 April 2023. Shareholders may also cast their votes electronically through verification with BankID via Euroclear Sweden AB's website https://anmalan.vpc.se/EuroclearProxy  by 25 April 2023 at the latest.Shareholders may not submit special instructions or conditions with the postal vote. In such cases  the entire postal vote will be invalid. Further instructions and conditions can be found in the postal voting form and at https://anmalan.vpc.se/EuroclearProxy.If the shareholder submits the postal vote by proxy  a written and dated power of attorney signed by the shareholder must be attached to the postal voting form. Proxy forms are available on the company's website www.hexagon.com and will be sent on request to shareholders who state their postal address. If the shareholder is a legal person  a registration certificate or other authorization document must be attached to the form.Please note that shareholders who wish to attend the Annual General Meeting in person or by proxy must notify the company in accordance with the instructions under the heading ""Participation in person or by proxy"" above. A notification of participation by postal voting is not sufficient for shareholders who wish to attend the Annual General Meeting in person or by proxy.C. NOMINEE-REGISTERED SHARESTo participate in the AGM  shareholders with nominee-registered shares must – in addition to notification to the company of their attendance or submission of a postal vote – request their bank or broker to have the shares owner-registered with Euroclear Sweden AB  in order for the shareholder to be recorded in the share register. Such re-registration must be made by 21 April 2023 and the nominee should be notified in due time before this date. Re-registration requested by the shareholder in such time that the registration has been completed by the nominee no later than 25 April 2023 will be taken into account in the preparation of the share register.D. AGENDA OF THE ANNUAL GENERAL MEETINGProposal for agenda1. Opening of the Meeting.2. Election of Chairman of the Meeting.3. Preparation and approval of the voting list.4. Approval of the agenda.5. Election of two persons to check the minutes.6. Determination of compliance with the rules of convocation.7. Address by the President.8. Presentation of(a) the annual report and the auditors' report  as well as the consolidated financial report and auditors' report on the consolidated financial report for the financial year 2022 (b) a statement from the company's auditor confirming compliance with the guidelines for the remuneration of senior executives that have applied since the preceding Annual General Meeting  and(c) the proposal of the Board of Directors for the dividend and statement thereon.9. Resolutions concerning(a) adoption of the income statement and balance sheet  and of the consolidated income statement and consolidated balance sheet  all as per 31 December 2022 (b) disposition of the Company's profit as set forth in the balance sheet adopted by the Meeting and the record date for dividend distribution  and(c) discharge of the Board of Directors and the Managing Director from personal liability.10. Determination of the number of members and deputy members of the Board of Directors.11. Determination of the fees to be paid to the board members and auditors.12. Election of board members and auditors.13. Election of members of the Nomination Committee.14. Resolution on approval of remuneration report.15. Resolution on a performance based long term incentive programme(Share Programme 2023/2026)16. Authorization for the Board of Directors on acquisition and transfer of own shares.17. Authorization for the Board of Directors to issue shares  convertibles and/or warrants.18. Closing of the Meeting.Proposals for resolutionsElection of Chairman of the Meeting (item 2)The Nomination Committee elected in anticipation of the 2023 Annual General Meeting  comprising Mikael Ekdahl (Melker Schörling AB)  Jan Dworsky (Swedbank Robur fonder)  Liselott Ledin (Alecta) and Anders Oscarsson (AMF and AMF Fonder) has proposed that Gun Nilsson be elected Chairman of the 2023 Annual General Meeting.Proposal for resolution on dividend (item 9 b)For the financial year 2022  the Board of Directors proposes that a dividend of EUR 0.12 per share be declared. Thursday 4 May 2023 is proposed as the record date for the right to receive dividend. If the Annual General Meeting so resolves  the dividend is expected to be distributed by Euroclear Sweden AB starting on Thursday 11 May 2023. Payment is made in EUR  provided that EUR can be received by the shareholder's yield account; if not  payment will be distributed in SEK  whereby currency exchange is made in accordance with Euroclear Sweden AB's applicable procedures.Proposals regarding election of board members and auditor and fees (items 10-12)The Nomination Committee proposes the following:The number of Board Members shall be seven  without deputies.Directors' fees shall be paid as follows: SEK 2 200 000 to the Chairman of the Board and SEK 690 000 to each of the other Board Members elected by the Annual General Meeting who are not employed by the company. As remuneration for committee work  the chairman of the Remuneration Committee shall receive SEK 85 000 and each member of the Remuneration Committee SEK 60 000 and the chairman of the Audit Committee shall receive SEK 325 000 and member of the Audit Committee SEK 250 000 .to the Chairman of the Board and to each of the other Board Members elected by the Annual General Meeting who are not employed by the company. As remuneration for committee work  the chairman of the Remuneration Committee shall receive and each member of the Remuneration Committee and the chairman of the Audit Committee shall receive and member of the Audit Committee . Re-election of Board Members Ola Rollén  Gun Nilsson  John Brandon   Sofia Schörling Högberg  Märta Schörling Andreen  Brett Watson and Erik Huggers as ordinary Board Members. Ulrika Francke   Henrik Henriksson and Patrick Söderlund have declined re-election.  Sofia Schörling Högberg  Märta Schörling Andreen  and Erik Huggers as ordinary Board Members.   and Patrick Söderlund have declined re-election. New election of Ola Rollén as the Chairman of the Board.Re-election of auditing firm PricewaterhouseCoopers AB as the company's auditor for a period of one year  i.e.  until the end of the Annual General Meeting 2024  in accordance with the recommendation from the Audit Committee  whereby it is noted that the auditing firm has notified that the authorised public accountant Bo Karlsson will be appointed principally responsible auditor.will be appointed principally responsible auditor. Fees to auditor shall be payable according to contract.Proposal for election of members of the Nomination Committee (item 13)Shareholders representing in total approximately 52 per cent of the number of votes in the company recommend that the AGM resolves as follows regarding the Nomination Committee in respect of the AGM 2024:The Nomination Committee shall have four members.Re-election of Mikael Ekdahl (Melker Schörling AB)  Jan Dworsky (Swedbank Robur fonder) and Liselott Ledin (Alecta)  and new election of Brett Watson (Infor) as members of the Nomination Committee in respect of the Annual General Meeting 2024. The Chairman of the Board shall be co-opted to the Nomination Committee.(Melker Schörling AB)  (Swedbank Robur fonder) and (Alecta)  and new election of (Infor) as members of the Nomination Committee in respect of the Annual General Meeting 2024. The Chairman of the Board shall be co-opted to the Nomination Committee. Re-election of Mikael Ekdahl as Chairman of the Nomination Committee.as Chairman of the Nomination Committee. In case a shareholder  whom a member of the Nomination Committee represents  is no longer one of the major shareholders of Hexagon  or if a member of the Nomination Committee is no longer employed by such shareholder  or for any other reason leaves the Committee before the Annual General Meeting 2024  the Committee shall be entitled to appoint another representative among the major shareholders to replace such member.Resolution on approval of remuneration report (item 14)The Board of Directors proposes that the Annual General Meeting resolves to approve the Board of Director's report regarding compensation pursuant to Chapter 8 Section 53 a of the Swedish Companies Act.Proposal for resolution on a performance based long term incentive programme (Share Programme 2023/2026) (item 15)The Board of Directors proposes that the General Meeting resolves on implementation of a performance based long-term share programme for 2023 (""Share Programme 2023/2026"") for the group management  division managers  senior executives and key employees within the Hexagon Group as follows.The rationale for the proposalThe purpose of Share Programme 2023/2026 is to strengthen the Hexagon Group's ability to retain and recruit competent employees  provide competitive remuneration and to align the interests of the shareholders with the interests of the employees concerned. Through a share-based incentive programme  the employees' remuneration is tied to the company's earnings and value growth and creates long-term incentives for the programme participants. In light of the above  the Board of Directors believes that the implementation of Share Programme 2023/2026 may have a positive effect on the long-term value growth of the Group and  consequently  that Share Programme 2023/2026 is beneficial to both the shareholders and the company.Participants in Share Programme 2023/2026 and allocationShare Programme 2023/2026 is proposed to include a maximum of approximately2 000 senior executives and key employees within the Hexagon Group  who are divided into five groups: the President and CEO (""Group 1"")  group management (""Group 2"")  division managers (""Group 3"") and other senior executives and key employees (""Group 4"" and ""Group 5""). Invitation to participate in the programme shall be provided by Hexagon no later than 30 June 2023. Participation in Share Programme 2023/2026 requires that the participant has been employed by the Hexagon Group for at least twelve (12) months prior to the date of the offer.Participants are offered to be allocated performance awards that may entitle to Series B shares according to the conditions set out below. The performance awards shall be based on a maximum value for each participant category. The maximum value for the participants in Group 1 will be 100 per cent of the participant's annual base salary for 2022  for participants in Group 2 50 per cent of the participant's annual base salary for 2022  for participants in Group 3 and Group 4  100 per cent of the participant's annual base salary for 2022  and for participants in Group 5  35 per cent of the participant's annual base salary for 2022. The total sum of the maximum values of the performance awards thus defined for all participants will not exceed EUR 60 million  including social costs.The share price used to calculate the number of shares to which the performance awards entitles will be the volume-weighted average of the market price of Hexagon Series B shares on Nasdaq Stockholm during a period of five (5) trading days before the day the participants are offered to participate in the programme.Performance conditionAllocated performance awards entitle to the receipt of Series B shares in the company provided that the performance condition related to the development of Hexagon's earnings per share[1] compared to the target level set by the Board of Directors during the measurement period 1 January 2023 until 31 December 2026 are fulfilled  where the last financial year during the measurement period is compared with the financial year preceding the measurement period  with reservation for any reduction in the number of shares in accordance with the terms of Share Programme 2023/2026. The Board of Directors intends to present the fulfillment of the performance-based condition in the annual report for the financial year 2026.Other conditionsIn addition to the above conditions  the following shall apply for the performance awards.Performance awards shall be granted free of charge after the Annual General Meeting.Each performance award entitles the holder to receive one Series B share in the company free of charge approximately four (4) years after allotment of the award (vesting period)  provided that the above performance condition has been met and that the holder  at the time of the release of the interim report for the first quarter 2027 still is employed by the Hexagon Group. Exemptions to the requirement of employment may be granted in specific cases  including a participant's disability or retirement.The Board of Directors shall have the opportunity to make adjustments as a result of extraordinary events such as bonus issue  share split  rights issue and/or other similar events.The performance awards are non-transferable and may not be pledged.The performance awards can be granted by the company or any other company within the Group.Preparation and administrationThe Board of Directors shall be responsible for preparing the detailed terms and conditions and administration of Share Programme 2023/2026  in accordance with the above mentioned terms and guidelines. To this end  the Board of Directors shall be entitled to make adjustments to meet foreign regulations or market conditions. The Board of Directors may also make other adjustments  including for example a right to resolve on a reduced allotment of shares  if significant changes in the Hexagon Group  or its operational environment  would  as assessed by the Board of Directors  result in a situation where the established terms and conditions for Share Programme 2023/2026 no longer are appropriate or reasonable.In the event that the Board of Directors considers that the delivery of shares under Share Programme 2023/2026 cannot be achieved at a reasonable cost  with reasonable administrative efforts or due to specific market conditions  the Board of Directors shall have the right to make appropriate local adjustments to the programme or instead offer participants a cash settlement.Scope and costs of the programmeProvided that the share price for the company's Series B share at the time of allotment of performance awards under Share Programme 2023/2026 is SEK 111.80[2]  Share Programme 2023/2026 will  in accordance with the principles and assumptions set out above  comprise maximum 5 468 000 Series B shares in total  which corresponds to approximately 0.2 per cent of the total outstanding shares in the company.Provided that the performance condition is fully met  the total costs for Share Programme 2023/2026 in accordance with the principles and assumptions set out above  is estimated to a maximum of approximately EUR 60 million  allocated over the vesting period. Estimated social costs and administration costs for the programme are included in the amount.In the event that the total costs of Share Programme 2023/2026 would exceed EUR 60 million  the total number of allocated Series B shares in Hexagon will be reduced so that the total costs of Share Programme 2023/2026 will not exceed this amount. Such reduction will be made pro rata in relation to the highest value for each participant category in accordance with the above.Delivery of shares under Share Programme 2023/2026To ensure the delivery of Series B shares under Share Programme 2023/2026  the company intends to enter into an agreement with a third party on terms in accordance with market practice  under which the third party shall  in its own name  acquire and transfer Series B shares in the company to the participants in accordance with Share Programme 2023/2026.Preparation of the proposalShare Programme 2023/2026 has been initiated by the Board of Directors of Hexagon and has been structured in consultation with external advisers. Share Programme 2023/2026 has been prepared by the Remuneration Committee and reviewed at meetings with the Board of Directors.Previous incentive programmes in HexagonFor a description of Hexagon's other incentive programmes  Share Programme 2020/2023  Share Programme 2021/2024 and Share Programme 2022/2025  please see the company's Annual Report 2022  note 30  and the company's website www.hexagon.com. In addition to the programmes described therein  there are no other long term incentive programmes in Hexagon.Resolution on authorization for the Board of Directors on acquisition and transfer of own shares (item 16)Hexagon has previously  on the basis of authorization by the General Meeting  acquired own Series B shares for the purpose of using repurchased shares to give the Board of Directors the opportunity to adjust the company's capital structure  to finance potential company acquisitions  and as a hedge for the company's share-based incentive programmes. As of 1 January 2023  the company held 15 800 000 own Series B shares  corresponding to approximately 0.6 per cent of the total number of shares in the company. The Board of Directors makes the assessment that it remains advantageous for the company to continue to be able to use repurchased shares in order to adjust the company's capital structure  on account of potential company acquisitions and for the company's share-based incentive programmes.In view of the above  the Board of Directors proposes that the Annual General Meeting authorizes the Board of Directors to pass a resolution  on one or more occasions for the period up until the next Annual General Meeting  on acquisition and transfer of Series B shares in the company. Acquisition of shares may be made at a maximum of Series B shares so that the company's holding does not exceed ten (10) per cent of all shares in the company at that time. Acquisitions of shares on Nasdaq Stockholm may only occur at a price within the share price interval registered at that time  where share price interval means the difference between the highest buying price and the lowest selling price. Transfer of Series B shares may be made at a maximum of ten (10) per cent of the total number of shares in the company. A transfer may be made with deviation from the shareholders' preferential rights on Nasdaq Stockholm as well as to third parties in connection with acquisition of a company or a business. Compensation for transferred shares can be paid in cash  through an issue in kind or a set-off. Transfers of shares on Nasdaq Stockholm may only occur at a price per share within the share price interval registered at that time  where share price interval means the difference between the highest buying price and the lowest selling price. Transfer in connection with acquisitions may be made at a market value assessed by the Board of Directors.The purpose of the authorizations is (i) to give the Board of Directors the opportunity to adjust the company's capital structure and thereby contribute to increased shareholder value  (ii) to enable acquisition opportunities by financing acquisitions with the company's own shares  and (iii) to ensure the company's undertakings  due to share-related or share-based incentive programs (other than delivery of shares to participants in incentive programs)  including social security costs.The resolution according to this item requires approval from shareholders representing at least two-thirds of both the number of votes cast as well as the shares represented at the general meeting in order to be valid.Resolution on authorization for the Board of Directors to issue shares  convertibles and/or warrants (item 17)The Board of Directors proposes that the Annual General Meeting authorizes the Board of Directors during the period up until the next AGM to  on one or more occasions  with or without deviation from the shareholders' preferential rights  and with or without provisions for contribution in kind  set-off or other conditions  resolve to issue Series B shares  convertibles and/or warrants (with rights to subscribe for or convert into Series B shares). By resolutions in accordance with the authorization  the number of shares may be increased by a number corresponding to a maximum of ten (10) percent of the number of outstanding shares in the company at the time when the Board of Directors first uses the authorization.The purpose of the authorization and the reasons for a potential deviation from the shareholders' preferential rights as set out above  is to ensure financing of acquisitions of companies  part of companies or businesses or to strengthen the company's capital base and equity/assets ratio. Such issues may not require amendment of the Articles of Association applicable from time to time. In case of deviation from the shareholders' preferential rights  issues by virtue of the authorisation shall be made on market conditions. In accordance with the conditions set out above  the Board of Directors shall also be authorized to resolve on other terms as considered necessary by the Board of Directors to carry out the issues.The Board of Directors further proposes that the Managing Director  or anyone appointed by the Managing Director  shall have the right to make any adjustments that may be necessary in connection with the registration of the resolution with the Swedish Companies Registration Office (Sw: Bolagsverket).The resolution according to this item requires approval from shareholders representing at least two-thirds of both the number of votes cast as well as the shares represented at the general meeting in order to be valid.E. AVAILABLE DOCUMENTSThe Annual Report and the auditor's statement as well as the auditors'statement regarding whether the guidelines for the remuneration of senior executives have been complied with  the Board of Director's remuneration report  the Board of Director's complete proposal concerning items 15-17 together with related documents  as well as the Board of Director's statement pursuant to Chapter 18  Section 4 and Chapter 19  Section 22 of the Swedish Companies Act will be kept available for the shareholders at the company's headquarters in Stockholm no later than Tuesday 11 April 2023. Copies of the documents will be sent to those shareholders who request to receive such information and who have provided their address and will be available at the company's website www.hexagon.com and at the Annual General Meeting.F. SHAREHOLDERS' RIGHT TO RECEIVE INFORMATION AT THE ANNUAL GENERAL MEETINGThe Board of Directors and the Managing Director shall  if requested by a shareholder and the Board of Directors considers that it can be done without material damage to the company  provide information regarding issues that (i) may affect the assessment of an item on the agenda (ii) circumstances that may affect the assessment of the company's or its subsidiaries' financial position or information concerning (iii) the company's relation with other companies within the group. Shareholders may send questions in advance by mail to Hexagon AB (publ)  Box 3692  SE-103 59 Stockholm  Sweden or by e-mail to bolagsstamma@hexagon.com .G. NUMBER OF SHARES AND VOTES IN THE COMPANYThe total number of shares in the company amounts to 2 705 477 888 of which 110 250 000 are shares of Series A (with 10 votes per share)  and 2 595 227 888 are shares of Series B (with 1 vote per share). The total number of votes in the company amounts to 3 697 727 888. Hexagon AB (publ) holds 15 800 000 of its own Series B shares  corresponding to an equal number of votes  for which the company cannot exercise voting rights.H. PROCESSING OF PERSONAL DATAFor information about the processing of your personal data  see https://www.euroclear.com/dam/ESwithLegal/Privacy-notice-bolagsstammor-engelska.pdfStockholm in March 2023The Board of DirectorsHexagon AB (publ)[1] Earnings per share is defined as the company's earnings per share after tax and dilution  excluding non-recurring items.[2] Corresponding to the closing price on 24 March 2023 for Hexagon's Series B share on Nasdaq Stockholm.For further information  please contact:Tom Hull  Head of Investor Relations  +44 7442 678 437  ir@hexagon.comAnton Heikenström  Investor Relations Manager  Hexagon AB  +46 8 601 26 26  ir@hexagon.comThe following files are available for download:https://mb.cision.com/Main/387/3742480/1948915.pdf Notice to Annual General Meeting 2023View original content: https://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/notice-to-the-annual-general-meeting-in-hexagon-ab-publ-301784277.htmlSOURCE Hexagon",neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,negative,0.0,0.1,0.9,True,English,"['Annual General Meeting', 'Hexagon AB', 'Notice', 'IVA Conference Center', 'Swedish Companies Act', 'P.O. Box', 'other authorization document', 'personal identity number', 'corporate identity number', 'Annual General Meeting', 'Euroclear Sweden AB', 'entire postal vote', 'postal voting form', 'telephone number', 'Hexagon AB', 'special form', 'voting rights', 'Tuesday 2 May', 'Grev Turegatan', 'Sw. aktiebolagslagen', 'share register', 'legal entity', 'similar documentation', 'dated power', 'proxy form', 'registration certificate', 'NOMINEE-REGISTERED SHARES', 'postal address', 'Such re-registration', 'due time', 'D. AGENDA', 'Friday 21 April', 'Tuesday 25 April', 'special instructions', 'Further instructions', 'original proxy', 'A. PARTICIPATION', 'separate notification', 'legal person', 'forms', 'shareholders', 'AGM', '16:00 CET', 'Stockholm', 'PRNewswire', 'Board', 'Directors', 'Chapter', 'Section', 'company', 'Articles', 'Association', 'attendance', 'Notice', 'website', 'name', 'daytime', 'shareholding', 'behalf', 'Representatives', 'copy', 'authorisation', 'B.', 'accordance', 'mail', 'GeneralMeetingService', 'Completed', 'votes', 'verification', 'BankID', 'vpc', 'EuroclearProxy', 'conditions', 'cases', 'written', 'attorney', 'request', 'heading', 'C.', 'addition', 'submission', 'broker', 'order', 'account', 'preparation', 'Proposal', 'Opening', 'Election', 'Chairman', 'approval', '101']",2023-03-29,2023-03-30,marketscreener.com
21610,Euroclear,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/OLVI-OYJ-1412505/news/Olvi-Oyj-Resolutions-of-Olvi-plc-s-AGM-29-March-2023-43370352/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230329,Olvi Oyj : Resolutions of Olvi plc's AGM 29 March 2023,(marketscreener.com)   Olvi Plc   Resolutions of the Annual General Meeting 29 March 2023 at 3.00 pm   RESOLUTIONS OF OLVI PLC'S ANNUAL GENERAL MEETING   Olvi plc's Annual General Meeting of 29 March 2023 adopted the financial statements and grante…,"Olvi PlcResolutions of the Annual General Meeting 29 March 2023 at 3.00 pmRESOLUTIONS OF OLVI PLC'S ANNUAL GENERAL MEETINGOlvi plc's Annual General Meeting of 29 March 2023 adopted the financial statements and granted discharge from liability to the members of the Board of Directors and Managing Director for the accounting period that ended on 31 December 2022.PAYMENT OF DIVIDENDSIn accordance with the Board's proposal  the General Meeting decided that a dividend of 1.20 (1.20) euro be paid on each A and K share for the accounting period 2022  totalling 24.8 (24.9) million euro. The dividend represents 311.4 (51.9) percent of Olvi Group's earnings per share.The dividend will be paid in two instalments. The first instalment of 0.60 euro per share will be paid on 20 April 2023 to shareholders registered in the register of shareholders held by Euroclear Finland Ltd on the record date 31 March 2023. The second instalment of 0.60 euro per share will be paid on 5 September 2023 to shareholders registered in the register of shareholders held by Euroclear Finland Ltd on the record date 269 August 2023.No dividend shall be paid on treasury shares.ELECTIONS AND REMUNERATIONThe General Meeting accepted the proposal and decided that the Board of Directors shall have five (5) members. The following members were elected to the Board of Directors: Heinonen Lasse  Hortling Nora  Nummela Juho  Paltola Päivi and Ståhlberg Christian.It was decided that the Board of Directors shall receive remuneration as follows: the Chairman of the Board 6 500 euro per month  the Vice Chairman 3 750 euro per month and the other members 3 000 euro per month. Furthermore  the General Meeting decided that the Chairman of the Board shall receive an attendance allowance of 950 euro per meeting  and other members shall receive 650 euro per meeting.The authorised public accounting firm Ernst & Young Oy was elected the company's auditor  with Elina Laitinen  Authorised Public Accountant  as auditor in charge. It was decided that the auditor's fee shall be paid in accordance with a conventional invoice presented to the company.AUTHORISING THE BOARD OF DIRECTORS TO DECIDE ON THE ACQUISITION OF TREASURY SHARESIn line with the Board's proposal  the General Meeting decided to authorise the Board to decide on the acquisition of treasury shares.Based on this authorisation  the Board is entitled to repurchase a maximum of 500 000 Series A shares of the company in one or more lots using the company's unrestricted equity.The shares shall be acquired in public trading arranged by NASDAQ OMX Helsinki Ltd  due to which the acquisition shall constitute a deviation from the pro rata principle among shareholders  and the compensation payable for the shares shall be the market price of the Olvi A share at the time of acquisition.The shares shall be acquired for the purpose of financing or executing any upcoming corporate acquisitions or other arrangements  implementing the company's incentive schemes or for other purposes decided upon by the Board of Directors. The maximum number of shares to be acquired represents approximately 2.4 percent of all shares in the company and approximately 0.5 percent of all votes  which means that the acquisition would not have any significant effect on the distribution of shareholdings and voting rights in the company.The Board of Directors shall decide upon other matters related to the acquisition of treasury shares.It is proposed that the authorisation to acquire treasury shares shall be valid until the closing of the Annual General Meeting 2024  however no longer than 18 months from the General Meeting's decision of authorisation.AUTHORISING THE BOARD OF DIRECTORS TO DECIDE ON A SHARE ISSUEThe Annual General Meeting decided to authorise the Board of Directors to decide on the issue of a maximum of 1 000 000 new Series A shares and the transfer of a maximum of 500 000 Series A shares held as treasury shares (""Issue authorisation"") in accordance with the Board's proposal.The new shares can be issued  and the treasury shares transferred in one or more lots either against payment or free of charge. The new shares can be issued and the treasury shares transferred to the company's shareholders on a pro rata basis in relation to their existing holdings  or a private placing can be executed in deviation from shareholders' pre-emptive rights if a weighty economic reason for this exists from the company's viewpoint  such as financing or execution of corporate acquisitions or arrangements  development of the company's equity structure  improvement of share liquidity or implementation of the company's incentive schemes. A private placing can be free of charge only if a particularly weighty economic reason for this exists from the company's viewpoint  taking into consideration the interests of all shareholders.The Board of Directors shall decide upon other matters related to share issues.It is proposed that the issue authorisation shall be valid until the closing of the Annual General Meeting 2024  however no longer than 18 months from the General Meeting's decision of issue authorisation.MINUTES OF THE GENERAL MEETINGThe minutes of the General Meeting will be available onwww.olvigroup.fiunder the AGM 2023 section starting on 12 April 2023 at the latest.ORGANISATION OF THE BOARD OF DIRECTORSAt its organising meeting held on 29 March 2023  the Board elected Nora Hortling as the Chairman of the Board and Lasse Heinonen as the Vice Chairperson of the Board. Members of Audit Committee - Lasse Heinonen  Nora Hortling and Juho Nummela. Members of Personnel and Responsibility Committee - Nora Hortling  Päivi Paltola and Christian Ståhlberg.Further information:Patrik Lundell CEOPhone +358 290 00 1050DISTRIBUTION: NASDAQ OMX Helsinki Ltd Key media www.olvi.fi",neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,neutral,0.03,0.97,0.01,True,English,"['Olvi Oyj', 'Olvi plc', 'Resolutions', 'AGM', 'NASDAQ OMX Helsinki Ltd', '1,000,000 new Series A shares', 'The Annual General Meeting', 'Euroclear Finland Ltd', 'Paltola Päivi', 'Ståhlberg Christian', 'pro rata principle', 'pro rata basis', 'weighty economic reason', 'Authorised Public Accountant', '500,000 Series A shares', 'public accounting firm', 'upcoming corporate acquisitions', 'The General Meeting', 'Olvi A share', ""shareholders' pre-emptive rights"", 'public trading', 'new shares', 'voting rights', 'accounting period', 'Olvi Plc', 'Olvi Group', 'financial statements', 'Managing Director', 'two instalments', 'first instalment', 'record date', 'second instalment', 'Heinonen Lasse', 'Hortling Nora', 'Nummela Juho', 'attendance allowance', 'Young Oy', 'Elina Laitinen', 'conventional invoice', 'unrestricted equity', 'market price', 'incentive schemes', 'other purposes', 'significant effect', 'other matters', 'existing holdings', 'private placing', 'equity structure', 'treasury shares', 'five (5) members', 'following members', 'other members', 'K share', 'share liquidity', 'The Board', 'other arrangements', 'SHARE ISSUE', 'Vice Chairman', 'maximum number', 'Issue authorisation', 'Resolutions', '29 March', 'discharge', 'liability', 'Directors', '31 December', 'PAYMENT', 'DIVIDENDS', 'accordance', 'proposal', '1.20 (1.20) euro', '24.8 (24.9) million', '311.4 (51.9) percent', 'earnings', '0.60 euro', '20 April', 'register', '5 September', 'ELECTIONS', 'REMUNERATION', 'month', '950 euro', '650 euro', 'Ernst', 'company', 'auditor', 'fee', 'line', 'lots', 'deviation', 'compensation', 'time', 'financing', '2.4 percent', '0.5 percent', 'votes', 'distribution', 'shareholdings', 'closing', 'decision', 'transfer', 'relation', 'viewpoint', 'execution', 'development', 'improvement', 'implementation', 'consideration', 'interests', 'issues', '3.00']",2023-03-29,2023-03-30,marketscreener.com
21611,Euroclear,NewsApi.org,https://www.prnewswire.co.uk/news-releases/essitys-2023-annual-general-meeting-301784748.html,Essity's 2023 Annual General Meeting,STOCKHOLM  March 29  2023 /PRNewswire/ -- Essity today held the Annual General Meeting at Stockholm Waterfront Congress Centre  Sweden. The Meeting approved the Parent Company income statement and balance sheet and the consolidated income statement and consol…,STOCKHOLM  March 29  2023 /PRNewswire/ -- Essity today held the Annual General Meeting at Stockholm Waterfront Congress Centre  Sweden.The Meeting approved the Parent Company income statement and balance sheet and the consolidated income statement and consolidated balance sheet for 2022.The Meeting resolved in accordance with the Board of Director's proposal and decided on a dividend of SEK 7.25 per share for the 2022 fiscal year. Record date for the dividend is set to Friday  March 31  2023. The dividend is scheduled to be distributed by Euroclear Sweden AB on Wednesday  April 5  2023.The Meeting resolved that the remuneration to each director elected by the Annual General Meeting and who is not employed by the company shall amount to SEK 875 000 and the Chairman of the Board of Directors is to receive SEK 2 625 000. Members of the Remuneration Committee are each to receive an additional remuneration of SEK 130 000  while the Chairman of the Remuneration Committee is to receive an additional remuneration of SEK 155 000. Members of the Audit Committee are each to receive an additional remuneration of SEK 300 000  while the Chairman of the Audit Committee is to receive an additional remuneration of SEK 425 000. Members of the Portfolio Development Committee are each to receive an additional remuneration of SEK 300 000  while the Chairman of the Portfolio Development Committee is to receive an additional remuneration of SEK 425 000. Remuneration to the auditor is to be paid according to approved invoice.The Annual General Meeting resolved in accordance with the Board of Director's proposal on a cash-based incentive program. The meeting also approved the Board of Director's remuneration report. The Board of Directors and the CEO were granted discharge from liability for the 2022 fiscal year.Board members Ewa Björling  Pär Boman  Annemarie Gardshol  Magnus Groth  Torbjörn Lööf  Bert Nordberg and Barbara Milian Thoralfsson were re-elected. Maria Carell and Jan Gurander were elected as a new directors. Pär Boman was re-elected Chairman of the Board. Ernst & Young AB was appointed the company's auditor for a mandate period until the end of the 2024 Annual General Meeting.The Annual General Meeting authorized the Board of Directors to decide on buy-back of Essity B shares and to transfer shares bought back by the company in connection with acquisitions. These authorizations are valid until the next Annual General Meeting.Minutes from the Annual General Meeting will be available on the company website  www.essity.com  within two weeks.CONTACT:For further information  please contact:Per Lorentz  Vice President Corporate Communications  +46 733 13 30 55  per.lorentz@essity.comJohan Karlsson  Vice President Investor Relations  +46 705 11 15 81  johan.ir.karlsson@essity.comThe following files are available for download:https://mb.cision.com/Main/15798/3742333/1952248.pdf Essityâ€™s 2023 Annual General MeetingSOURCE Essity,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,neutral,0.01,0.99,0.01,True,English,"['2023 Annual General Meeting', 'Essity', 'Stockholm Waterfront Congress Centre', 'Torbjörn Lööf', 'Vice President Corporate Communications', 'Vice President Investor Relations', 'The Annual General Meeting', 'next Annual General Meeting', 'Parent Company income statement', '2024 Annual General Meeting', '2023 Annual General Meeting', 'cash-based incentive program', 'Ewa Björling', 'Pär Boman', 'Barbara Milian Thoralfsson', 'Portfolio Development Committee', 'consolidated balance sheet', 'Euroclear Sweden AB', 'Essity B shares', 'Young AB', 'Audit Committee', 'Remuneration Committee', '2022 fiscal year', 'Record date', 'Annemarie Gardshol', 'Magnus Groth', 'Bert Nordberg', 'Maria Carell', 'Jan Gurander', 'mandate period', 'two weeks', 'Per Lorentz', 'ir.karlsson', 'following files', 'additional remuneration', 'remuneration report', 'company website', 'SOURCE Essity', 'Johan Karlsson', 'new directors', 'Board members', 'Essityâ', 'March', 'PRNewswire', 'accordance', 'proposal', 'SEK', 'Friday', 'Wednesday', 'April', 'Chairman', 'auditor', 'invoice', 'CEO', 'discharge', 'liability', 'Ernst', 'end', 'buy', 'back', 'connection', 'acquisitions', 'authorizations', 'Minutes', 'CONTACT', 'information', 'download', 'cision', 'Main']",2023-03-29,2023-03-30,prnewswire.co.uk
21612,Euroclear,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2023/03/29/2636353/0/en/Huhtam%C3%A4ki-Oyj-Notice-to-the-Annual-General-Meeting.html,Huhtamäki Oyj: Notice to the Annual General Meeting,HUHTAMÄKI OYJ STOCK EXCHANGE RELEASE 29.3.2023 AT 9:00 EEST  Huhtamäki Oyj: Notice to the Annual General Meeting     Notice is given to the shareholders...,"English FinnishHUHTAMÄKI OYJ STOCK EXCHANGE RELEASE 29.3.2023 AT 9:00 EESTHuhtamäki Oyj: Notice to the Annual General MeetingNotice is given to the shareholders of Huhtamäki Oyj (the “Company”) to participate in the Annual General Meeting to be held on Thursday  April 27  2023  at 11:00 a.m. (EEST) at Marina Congress Center  Katajanokanlaituri 6  00160 Helsinki  Finland. Reception of shareholders who have registered for the meeting and distribution of voting tickets will commence at 10:00 a.m. (EEST).Shareholders may follow the Annual General Meeting via a webcast. The webcast is available for those shareholders who have registered for the webcast and are also registered in the Company's shareholders’ register maintained by Euroclear Finland Ltd on the record date of the Annual General Meeting  April 17  2023. Instructions on how to register as a follower for the webcast and how to follow the webcast are available on the Company’s website (www.huhtamaki.com). It is not possible to present questions  make proposals  speak or vote via the webcast  and following the meeting via the webcast is not considered participation in the Annual General Meeting or exercise of shareholder rights.A. MATTERS ON THE AGENDA OF THE ANNUAL GENERAL MEETINGThe following matters will be considered at the Annual General Meeting:1. Opening of the meeting2. Calling the meeting to order3. Election of the persons to scrutinize the minutes and to verify the counting of votes4. Recording the legality of the meeting5. Recording the attendance at the meeting and adoption of the list of votes6. Presentation of the Annual Accounts including the Consolidated Annual Accounts  the Directors' Report and the Auditor's Report for the year 2022- Review by the President and CEO7. Adoption of the Annual Accounts including the Consolidated Annual Accounts8. Resolution on the use of the profit shown on the balance sheet and the distribution of dividendThe Board of Directors proposes to the Annual General Meeting that an aggregate dividend of EUR 1.00 per share be paid based on the balance sheet adopted for the financial period ended on December 31  2022. The Board of Directors proposes that the dividend would be paid in two instalments.The first dividend instalment  EUR 0.50 per share  is proposed to be paid to shareholders registered in the Company’s shareholders' register maintained by Euroclear Finland Ltd on the record date for the first dividend instalment May 2  2023. The Board of Directors proposes that the payment date for the first dividend instalment would be May 9  2023.The second dividend instalment  EUR 0.50 per share  is proposed to be paid to shareholders registered in the Company’s shareholders' register maintained by Euroclear Finland Ltd on the record date for the second dividend instalment October 2  2023. The Board of Directors proposes that the payment date for the second dividend instalment would be October 9  2023.The Board of Directors proposes that the Annual General Meeting would authorize the Board of Directors to decide  if necessary  on a new record date and a new payment date for the second dividend instalment if regulations applicable to the Finnish book-entry system change or otherwise so require.No significant changes have taken place in the Company’s financial position since the end of the financial year. The Company’s liquidity position is good  and the proposed distribution does not  in the view of the Board of Directors  risk the Company’s ability to fulfill its obligations.9. Resolution on the discharge of the members of the Board of Directors  the President and CEO and the interim Deputy CEO from liability10. Presentation and adoption of the Remuneration Report for the Governing BodiesThe Company’s Remuneration Report 2022 will be presented to the Annual General Meeting for advisory approval. The Remuneration Report 2022 is available on the Company's website (www.huhtamaki.com).11. Amendment to the Remuneration Policy for the Governing BodiesThe Board of Directors presents to the Annual General Meeting for advisory approval the Company’s amended Remuneration Policy for the Governing Bodies  which was last presented to the Annual General Meeting on April 29  2020. The material changes in the Remuneration Policy are increases in the President and CEO’s maximum earning opportunity in short-term incentives (up to 150% of the non-variable annual base salary  previously 100%) and long-term incentives (up to 400% of the non-variable annual base salary  previously 300%). The changes are made to secure that the President and CEO’s earning opportunities can be set at a market competitive level.The updated Remuneration Policy is available on the Company’s website (www.huhtamaki.com) and attached to this notice.12. Resolution on the remuneration and expense compensation of the members of the Board of DirectorsThe Shareholders’ Nomination Board proposes to the Annual General Meeting that the annual remuneration to the members of the Board of Directors would be paid as follows: to the Chair EUR 170 000  to the Vice-Chair EUR 80 000 and to the other members EUR 65 000 each. In addition  the Shareholders’ Nomination Board proposes that the annual remuneration to the Chair and members of the Board Committees would be paid as follows: to the Chair of the Audit Committee EUR 16 000 and to the other members of the Audit Committee EUR 5 500 as well as to the Chair of the Human Resources Committee EUR 5 500 and to the other members of the Human Resources Committee EUR 2 750. In addition  the Shareholders’ Nomination Board proposes that EUR 1 500 would be paid for each Board and Committee meeting attended. Travel expenses of the Board members would be compensated in accordance with the Company policy.The Shareholders’ Nomination Board recommends all members of the Board of Directors to own shares of Huhtamäki Oyj.13. Resolution on the number of members of the Board of DirectorsThe Shareholders’ Nomination Board proposes to the Annual General Meeting that the number of members of the Board of Directors would be nine (9).14. Election of members of the Board of DirectorsThe Shareholders’ Nomination Board proposes to the Annual General Meeting that Mr. Pekka Ala-Pietilä  Ms. Mercedes Alonso  Mr. Doug Baillie  Mr. William R. Barker  Ms. Anja Korhonen  Ms. Kerttu Tuomas and Mr. Ralf K. Wunderlich would be re-elected and  as new members  Ms. Pauline Lindwall and Mr. Pekka Vauramo would be elected as members of the Board of Directors for a term ending at the end of the next Annual General Meeting. In addition  the Shareholders’ Nomination Board proposes that Mr. Pekka Ala-Pietilä would be re-elected as Chair of the Board  and that Ms. Kerttu Tuomas would be re-elected as Vice-Chair of the Board. Two of the current members of the Board of Directors  Mr. Heikki Takala and Ms. Sandra Turner  have announced that they are not available for re-election to the Board of Directors.Ms. Pauline Lindwall (born 1961) has acted as Category Director Coffee  France and Southern Europe at Mondelez International (2012–2015). Before that she has worked at Nestlé in several management positions (1984–2012) based in Asia and Europe  latest position being Country Business Manager  Nestlé Nutrition  Germany and Austria. Ms. Lindwall’s current key positions of trust include acting as a Board member of Duni AB (publ.) and a Supervisory Board member of EIT Food of The European Institute of Innovation and Technology. Ms. Lindwall holds a B.Sc. (Business Administration and Economics). She is independent of the Company and significant shareholders.Mr. Pekka Vauramo (born 1957) acts as President and CEO at Metso Outotec Corporation (2020–). Before that he has worked as President and CEO at Metso Corporation (2018–2020)  President and CEO at Finnair Plc (2013–2018) as well as in several management positions at Cargotec Corporation (2007–2013)  Sandvik AB (1995–2007) and Tamrock Corporation (1985–1995). Mr. Vauramo’s current key positions of trust include acting as a Board member of Nokian Tyres plc  National Defence University and New Children’s Hospital Foundation  as well as a Board of Trustees member of Turku University Foundation. Mr. Vauramo holds a M. Sc. (Technology). He is independent of the Company and significant shareholders.The biographical details of all candidates are presented on the Company’s website (www.huhtamaki.com).All of the candidates have given their consent to the election.15. Resolution on the remuneration of the AuditorThe Board of Directors proposes to the Annual General Meeting that the Auditor’s remuneration would be paid against an invoice approved by the Audit Committee of the Board of Directors.16. Election of the AuditorThe Board of Directors proposes to the Annual General Meeting  in accordance with the recommendation of the Audit Committee of the Board of Directors  that KPMG Oy Ab  a firm of authorized public accountants  would be re-elected as Auditor for the financial year January 1 – December 31  2023. KPMG Oy Ab has announced that Mr. Henrik Holmbom  APA  would be the Auditor with principal responsibility.The recommendation of the Audit Committee is included in the proposal of the Board of Directors  which is available on the Company’s website (www.huhtamaki.com).17. Authorizing the Board of Directors to resolve on the repurchase of the Company's own sharesThe Board of Directors proposes that the Annual General Meeting would authorize the Board of Directors to resolve on the repurchase of an aggregate maximum of 10 776 038 of the Company’s own shares  subject to the number of shares held by the Company at any given moment not exceeding 10 percent of all the shares of the Company. Own shares may be repurchased on the basis of the authorization only by using non-restricted equity.Own shares may be repurchased at a price formed in public trading on the date of the repurchase or otherwise at a price formed on the market. The Board of Directors resolves on how shares are repurchased. Own shares may be repurchased otherwise than in proportion to the shares held by the shareholders (directed repurchase). The authorization remains in force until the end of the next Annual General Meeting  however  no longer than until June 30  2024.18. Authorizing the Board of Directors to resolve on the issuance of shares and the issuance of special rights entitling to sharesThe Board of Directors proposes that the Annual General Meeting would authorize the Board of Directors to resolve on the issuance of shares and the issuance of options and other special rights entitling to shares referred to in chapter 10 section 1 of the Companies Act as follows: the aggregate number of new shares to be issued may not exceed 10 000 000 shares which corresponds to approximately 9.3 percent of the current shares of the Company  and the aggregate number of own treasury shares to be transferred may not exceed 4 000 000 shares which corresponds to approximately 3.7 percent of the current shares of the Company.The Board of Directors resolves on all the terms and conditions of the issuance of shares and special rights entitling to shares and may deviate from the shareholders’ pre-emptive subscription rights (directed issue). The authorization remains in force until the end of the next Annual General Meeting  however  no longer than until June 30  2024.19. Amendment to the Articles of AssociationThe Board of Directors proposes to the Annual General Meeting that the Articles of Association would be amended to enable arranging a General Meeting as a virtual meeting without a meeting venue as an alternative to a physical meeting or a hybrid meeting. The amendment is intended to enable the holding of General Meetings virtually to facilitate attendance and participation for the Company's shareholders  especially in unforeseen or exceptional circumstances. The Finnish Companies Act requires that shareholders can exercise their full rights in virtual meetings  with equal rights to those in in-person General Meetings. The amendment does not preclude arranging General Meetings as physical or hybrid meetings.Pursuant to the proposal of the Board of Directors  the first paragraph of Section 8 § of the Articles of Association would read as follows:""The General Meeting of Shareholders shall be held in Espoo or in Helsinki  as decided by the Board of Directors. The Board of Directors may also decide that the General Meeting of Shareholders is arranged without a meeting venue in a manner whereby shareholders exercise their full decision-making powers in real time during the General Meeting of Shareholders using telecommunications and technical means (virtual meeting).”The Articles of Association in the proposed amended form are available on the Company's website (www.huhtamaki.com).20. Amendment to the Charter of the Shareholders' Nomination BoardThe Shareholders’ Nomination Board proposes to the Annual General Meeting that Section 2 of the Charter of the Shareholders' Nomination Board would be amended so that the shareholders entitled to appoint a member are determined annually on the basis of the shareholders’ register of the Company maintained by Euroclear Finland Ltd on May 31 (previously August 31).The Charter in the proposed amended form is available on the Company's website (www.huhtamaki.com).21. Closing of the meetingB. DOCUMENTS OF THE ANNUAL GENERAL MEETINGThe above-mentioned proposals for the resolutions on the matters on the agenda of the Annual General Meeting  this notice  the Company's Remuneration Report  the amended Remuneration Policy for the Governing Bodies  the Articles of Association in the proposed amended form and the Charter of the Shareholders' Nomination Board in the proposed amended form are available on Huhtamäki Oyj's website (www.huhtamaki.com). The Annual Report  which includes the Company's Annual Accounts  the Consolidated Annual Accounts  the Directors' Report and the Auditor's Report  is also available on the above-mentioned website. The proposals for the resolutions and the other above-mentioned documents are also available at the venue of the Annual General Meeting. The minutes of the Annual General Meeting will be available on the above-mentioned website as from May 11  2023  at the latest.C. INSTRUCTIONS FOR THE PARTICIPANTS IN THE ANNUAL GENERAL MEETING1. Shareholders registered in the shareholders' registerEach shareholder who is registered on the record date of the Annual General Meeting  April 17  2023 in the shareholders' register of the Company maintained by Euroclear Finland Ltd is entitled to participate in the Annual General Meeting. Shareholders whose shares are registered on their personal Finnish book-entry account or equity savings account are registered in the shareholders' register of the Company.The registration period for the Annual General Meeting commences on March 29  2023. A shareholder who is registered in the shareholders' register of the Company and who wants to participate in the Annual General Meeting shall register for the Annual General Meeting by giving a prior notice of participation which must be received no later than on April 21  2023 at 4:00 p.m. (EEST).Such notice can be given:a. on Huhtamäki Oyj’s the website at www.huhtamaki.comElectronic registration requires a strong electronic identification of the shareholder or the shareholder's proxy representative or legal representative with a Finnish or Swedish bank ID or mobile certificate.b. by email to agm@innovatics.fic. by phone to +358 10 281 8909 from Monday to Friday 9:00 a.m. to 12:00 noon and 1:00 p.m. to 4:00 p.m. (EEST)In connection with the registration  requested information must be provided  such as the name  date of birth or business ID  address  telephone number and email address of the shareholder  and the name of a possible assistant or proxy representative or legal representative as well as the date of birth of the proxy representative or legal representative. The personal data is used only in connection with the Annual General Meeting and with the processing of related necessary registrations.Shareholders or their authorized representatives or proxy representatives shall  if required  be able to prove their identity and/or right of representation at the meeting venue.2. Holders of nominee-registered sharesHolders of nominee-registered shares have the right to participate in the Annual General Meeting by virtue of such shares based on which they  on the record date of the Annual General Meeting  April 17  2023  would be entitled to be registered in the shareholders' register of the Company maintained by Euroclear Finland Ltd. The right to participate in the Annual General Meeting requires  in addition  that the shareholder on the basis of such shares has been temporarily registered in the shareholders' register of the Company maintained by Euroclear Finland Ltd by April 24  2023 at 10:00 a.m. (EEST) at the latest. As regards nominee-registered shares  this constitutes due registration for the Annual General Meeting.Holders of nominee-registered shares are advised to request without delay the necessary instructions from their custodian regarding the temporary registration in the shareholders' register of the Company  the issuing of proxy authorization documents and voting instructions  as well as registration for the Annual General Meeting. The account manager of the custodian shall temporarily register a holder of nominee-registered shares who wants to participate in the Annual General Meeting into the shareholders' register of the Company at the latest by the time stated above.For the sake of clarity  it is noted that holders of nominee-registered shares cannot register for the Annual General Meeting on the Company’s website  but they must be registered by their custodians instead.Further information on these matters can also be found on the Company’s website (www.huhtamaki.com).3. Proxy representatives and powers of attorneyShareholders may participate in the Annual General Meeting and exercise their rights at the Annual General Meeting by way of proxy representation. Proxy representatives registering electronically for the Annual General Meeting must identify themselves personally through strong electronic authentication  after which they can register on behalf of the shareholder they represent.Proxy representatives shall produce a dated proxy document or otherwise in a reliable manner demonstrate their right to represent the shareholder at the Annual General Meeting. Proxy document template is available on the Company’s website (www.huhtamaki.com).If a shareholder participates in the Annual General Meeting by means of several proxy representatives representing the shareholder with shares at different securities accounts  the shares in respect of which each proxy representative represents the shareholder shall be identified in connection with the registration for the Annual General Meeting.Possible proxy documents are requested to be delivered primarily in connection with the electronic registration as attachments or alternatively by email to agm@innovatics.fi or as originals by regular mail to Innovatics Oy  AGM / Huhtamäki Oyj  Ratamestarinkatu 13 A  FI-00520 Helsinki  Finland before the expiry of the registration period  by which time the proxy documents must be received. In addition to delivering proxy documents  shareholders or their proxy representatives must also register for the Annual General Meeting as instructed in this notice.Shareholders that are legal persons may also  as an alternative to traditional proxy documents  use the electronic Suomi.fi authorization service for authorizing their proxy representatives. The representative is mandated in the Suomi.fi service at www.suomi.fi/e-authorizations (authorization topic “Representation at the General Meeting”). When registering for the Annual General Meeting on the Company’s website  the authorized representatives shall identify themselves with strong electronic authentication  after which the electronic mandate is verified. The strong electronic authentication takes place with personal online banking credentials or a mobile certificate. For more information  see www.suomi.fi/e-authorizations.4. Other instructions and informationThe meeting language is Finnish. Simultaneous translation will be available in the meeting room into the English and  when relevant  Finnish languages.No free parking has been arranged at the meeting venue.The information concerning the Annual General Meeting required under the Finnish Companies Act and the Finnish Securities Market Act is available on the Company’s website (www.huhtamaki.com). Pursuant to Chapter 5  Section 25 of the Finnish Companies Act  a shareholder who is present at the Annual General Meeting has the right to request information with respect to the matters to be considered at the meeting.At the time of the announcement of this notice  on March 29  2023  the total number of shares and votes in Huhtamäki Oyj is 107 760 385  which includes 3 222 204 own shares held by the Company or its subsidiaries. Such own shares do not carry voting rights.Changes in shareholding occurring after the record date of the Annual General Meeting  April 17  2023  will not affect the right to participate in the Annual General Meeting or the number of votes of such shareholder at the Annual General Meeting.In Espoo  March 29  2023For further information  please contact:Sami Pauni  Executive Vice President  Corporate Affairs and Legal  Group General Counsel  tel. +358 (0)10 686 7872HUHTAMÄKI OYJBoard of DirectorsAbout HuhtamakiHuhtamaki is a leading global provider of sustainable packaging solutions for consumers around the world. Our innovative products protect on-the-go and on-the-shelf food and beverages  and personal care products  ensuring hygiene and safety  driving accessibility and affordability  and helping prevent food waste. We embed sustainability in everything we do. We are committed to achieving carbon neutral production and designing all our products to be recyclable  compostable or reusable by 2030. Our blueloopTM sustainable packaging solutions are world-leading and designed for circularity.We are a participant in the UN Global Compact  Huhtamaki is rated ‘A’ on the MSCI ESG Ratings assessment and EcoVadis has awarded Huhtamaki with the Gold medal for performance in sustainability. To play our part in managing climate change  we have set science-based targets that have been approved and validated by the Science-Based Targets initiative.With 100 years of history and a strong Nordic heritage we operate in 37 countries and 116 operating locations around the world. Our values Care Dare Deliver guide our decisions and help our team of around 19 000 employees make a difference where it matters. Our 2022 net sales totalled EUR 4.5 billion. Huhtamaki Group is headquartered in Espoo  Finland and our parent company  Huhtamäki Oyj  is listed on Nasdaq Helsinki Ltd. Find out more about how we are protecting food  people and the planet at www.huhtamaki.com.Attachment",neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,negative,0.42,0.02,0.57,True,English,"['Huhtamäki Oyj', 'Annual General Meeting', 'Notice', 'HUHTAMÄKI OYJ STOCK EXCHANGE RELEASE', 'Finnish book-entry system change', 'non-variable annual base salary', 'The Shareholders’ Nomination Board', 'Marina Congress Center', 'first dividend instalment', 'second dividend instalment', 'Euroclear Finland Ltd', 'maximum earning opportunity', 'Consolidated Annual Accounts', 'Annual General Meeting', 'new payment date', 'new record date', 'interim Deputy CEO', 'updated Remuneration Policy', 'The Remuneration Report', 'annual remuneration', 'English Finnish', 'aggregate dividend', 'earning opportunities', 'voting tickets', 'shareholder rights', 'following matters', 'balance sheet', 'financial period', 'two instalments', 'financial position', 'liquidity position', 'Governing Bodies', 'advisory approval', 'short-term incentives', 'long-term incentives', 'competitive level', 'The Board', 'significant changes', 'material changes', 'shareholders’ register', ""shareholders' register"", 'financial year', 'A. MATTERS', 'The Company', ""Directors' Report"", '11:00 a', '10:00 a', '9:00 EEST', 'Notice', 'Thursday', 'April', 'Katajanokanlaituri', '00160 Helsinki', 'Reception', 'distribution', 'webcast', 'Instructions', 'follower', 'website', 'questions', 'proposals', 'participation', 'exercise', 'AGENDA', 'Opening', 'Election', 'persons', 'minutes', 'counting', 'votes', 'legality', 'attendance', 'adoption', 'list', 'Presentation', 'Auditor', 'Review', 'President', 'Resolution', 'use', 'profit', 'December', 'May', 'regulations', 'place', 'ability', 'obligations', 'discharge', 'members', '11. Amendment', 'increases', 'market', 'expense', 'compensation', 'Chair']",2023-03-29,2023-03-30,globenewswire.com
21613,Euroclear,NewsApi.org,https://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/essitys-2023-annual-general-meeting-301784748.html,Essity's 2023 Annual General Meeting,STOCKHOLM  March 29  2023 /PRNewswire/ -- Essity today held the Annual General Meeting at Stockholm Waterfront Congress Centre  Sweden. The Meeting approved the Parent Company income statement and balance sheet and the consolidated income statement and consol…,STOCKHOLM  March 29  2023 /PRNewswire/ -- Essity today held the Annual General Meeting at Stockholm Waterfront Congress Centre  Sweden.The Meeting approved the Parent Company income statement and balance sheet and the consolidated income statement and consolidated balance sheet for 2022.The Meeting resolved in accordance with the Board of Director's proposal and decided on a dividend of SEK 7.25 per share for the 2022 fiscal year. Record date for the dividend is set to Friday  March 31  2023. The dividend is scheduled to be distributed by Euroclear Sweden AB on Wednesday  April 5  2023.The Meeting resolved that the remuneration to each director elected by the Annual General Meeting and who is not employed by the company shall amount to SEK 875 000 and the Chairman of the Board of Directors is to receive SEK 2 625 000. Members of the Remuneration Committee are each to receive an additional remuneration of SEK 130 000  while the Chairman of the Remuneration Committee is to receive an additional remuneration of SEK 155 000. Members of the Audit Committee are each to receive an additional remuneration of SEK 300 000  while the Chairman of the Audit Committee is to receive an additional remuneration of SEK 425 000. Members of the Portfolio Development Committee are each to receive an additional remuneration of SEK 300 000  while the Chairman of the Portfolio Development Committee is to receive an additional remuneration of SEK 425 000. Remuneration to the auditor is to be paid according to approved invoice.The Annual General Meeting resolved in accordance with the Board of Director's proposal on a cash-based incentive program. The meeting also approved the Board of Director's remuneration report. The Board of Directors and the CEO were granted discharge from liability for the 2022 fiscal year.Board members Ewa Björling  Pär Boman  Annemarie Gardshol  Magnus Groth  Torbjörn Lööf  Bert Nordberg and Barbara Milian Thoralfsson were re-elected. Maria Carell and Jan Gurander were elected as a new directors. Pär Boman was re-elected Chairman of the Board. Ernst & Young AB was appointed the company's auditor for a mandate period until the end of the 2024 Annual General Meeting.The Annual General Meeting authorized the Board of Directors to decide on buy-back of Essity B shares and to transfer shares bought back by the company in connection with acquisitions. These authorizations are valid until the next Annual General Meeting.Minutes from the Annual General Meeting will be available on the company website  www.essity.com  within two weeks.CONTACT:For further information  please contact:Per Lorentz  Vice President Corporate Communications  +46 733 13 30 55  [email protected]Johan Karlsson  Vice President Investor Relations  +46 705 11 15 81  [email protected]The following files are available for download:https://mb.cision.com/Main/15798/3742333/1952248.pdf Essityâ€™s 2023 Annual General MeetingSOURCE Essity,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,neutral,0.01,0.99,0.01,True,English,"['2023 Annual General Meeting', 'Essity', 'Stockholm Waterfront Congress Centre', 'Torbjörn Lööf', 'Vice President Corporate Communications', 'Vice President Investor Relations', 'The Annual General Meeting', 'next Annual General Meeting', 'Parent Company income statement', '2024 Annual General Meeting', '2023 Annual General Meeting', 'cash-based incentive program', 'Ewa Björling', 'Pär Boman', 'Barbara Milian Thoralfsson', 'Portfolio Development Committee', 'consolidated balance sheet', 'Euroclear Sweden AB', 'Essity B shares', 'Young AB', 'Audit Committee', 'Remuneration Committee', '2022 fiscal year', 'Record date', 'Annemarie Gardshol', 'Magnus Groth', 'Bert Nordberg', 'Maria Carell', 'Jan Gurander', 'mandate period', 'two weeks', 'Per Lorentz', 'Johan Karlsson', 'following files', 'additional remuneration', 'remuneration report', 'company website', 'SOURCE Essity', 'new directors', 'Board members', 'Essityâ', 'March', 'PRNewswire', 'accordance', 'proposal', 'SEK', 'Friday', 'Wednesday', 'April', 'Chairman', 'auditor', 'invoice', 'CEO', 'discharge', 'liability', 'Ernst', 'end', 'buy', 'back', 'connection', 'acquisitions', 'authorizations', 'Minutes', 'CONTACT', 'information', 'download', 'cision', 'Main']",2023-03-29,2023-03-30,prnewswire.com
21614,Euroclear,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/HUHTAMAKI-OYJ-1412465/news/Huhtamaki-Oyj-Notice-to-the-Annual-General-Meeting-43363019/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230329,Huhtamäki Oyj: Notice to the Annual General Meeting,(marketscreener.com) HUHTAMÄKI OYJ STOCK EXCHANGE RELEASE 29.3.2023 AT 9:00 EEST Huhtamäki Oyj: Notice to the Annual General Meeting Notice is given to the shareholders of Huhtamäki Oyj to participate in the Annual General Meeting to be held on Thursday  Apri…,"HUHTAMÄKI OYJ STOCK EXCHANGE RELEASE 29.3.2023 AT 9:00 EESTHuhtamäki Oyj: Notice to the Annual General MeetingNotice is given to the shareholders of Huhtamäki Oyj (the “Company”) to participate in the Annual General Meeting to be held on Thursday  April 27  2023  at 11:00 a.m. (EEST) at Marina Congress Center  Katajanokanlaituri 6  00160 Helsinki  Finland. Reception of shareholders who have registered for the meeting and distribution of voting tickets will commence at 10:00 a.m. (EEST).Shareholders may follow the Annual General Meeting via a webcast. The webcast is available for those shareholders who have registered for the webcast and are also registered in the Company's shareholders’ register maintained by Euroclear Finland Ltd on the record date of the Annual General Meeting  April 17  2023. Instructions on how to register as a follower for the webcast and how to follow the webcast are available on the Company’s website (www.huhtamaki.com). It is not possible to present questions  make proposals  speak or vote via the webcast  and following the meeting via the webcast is not considered participation in the Annual General Meeting or exercise of shareholder rights.A. MATTERS ON THE AGENDA OF THE ANNUAL GENERAL MEETINGThe following matters will be considered at the Annual General Meeting:1. Opening of the meeting2. Calling the meeting to order3. Election of the persons to scrutinize the minutes and to verify the counting of votes4. Recording the legality of the meeting5. Recording the attendance at the meeting and adoption of the list of votes6. Presentation of the Annual Accounts including the Consolidated Annual Accounts  the Directors' Report and the Auditor's Report for the year 2022- Review by the President and CEO7. Adoption of the Annual Accounts including the Consolidated Annual Accounts8. Resolution on the use of the profit shown on the balance sheet and the distribution of dividendThe Board of Directors proposes to the Annual General Meeting that an aggregate dividend of EUR 1.00 per share be paid based on the balance sheet adopted for the financial period ended on December 31  2022. The Board of Directors proposes that the dividend would be paid in two instalments.The first dividend instalment  EUR 0.50 per share  is proposed to be paid to shareholders registered in the Company’s shareholders' register maintained by Euroclear Finland Ltd on the record date for the first dividend instalment May 2  2023. The Board of Directors proposes that the payment date for the first dividend instalment would be May 9  2023.The second dividend instalment  EUR 0.50 per share  is proposed to be paid to shareholders registered in the Company’s shareholders' register maintained by Euroclear Finland Ltd on the record date for the second dividend instalment October 2  2023. The Board of Directors proposes that the payment date for the second dividend instalment would be October 9  2023.The Board of Directors proposes that the Annual General Meeting would authorize the Board of Directors to decide  if necessary  on a new record date and a new payment date for the second dividend instalment if regulations applicable to the Finnish book-entry system change or otherwise so require.No significant changes have taken place in the Company’s financial position since the end of the financial year. The Company’s liquidity position is good  and the proposed distribution does not  in the view of the Board of Directors  risk the Company’s ability to fulfill its obligations.9. Resolution on the discharge of the members of the Board of Directors  the President and CEO and the interim Deputy CEO from liability10. Presentation and adoption of the Remuneration Report for the Governing BodiesThe Company’s Remuneration Report 2022 will be presented to the Annual General Meeting for advisory approval. The Remuneration Report 2022 is available on the Company's website (www.huhtamaki.com).11. Amendment to the Remuneration Policy for the Governing BodiesThe Board of Directors presents to the Annual General Meeting for advisory approval the Company’s amended Remuneration Policy for the Governing Bodies  which was last presented to the Annual General Meeting on April 29  2020. The material changes in the Remuneration Policy are increases in the President and CEO’s maximum earning opportunity in short-term incentives (up to 150% of the non-variable annual base salary  previously 100%) and long-term incentives (up to 400% of the non-variable annual base salary  previously 300%). The changes are made to secure that the President and CEO’s earning opportunities can be set at a market competitive level.The updated Remuneration Policy is available on the Company’s website (www.huhtamaki.com) and attached to this notice.12. Resolution on the remuneration and expense compensation of the members of the Board of DirectorsThe Shareholders’ Nomination Board proposes to the Annual General Meeting that the annual remuneration to the members of the Board of Directors would be paid as follows: to the Chair EUR 170 000  to the Vice-Chair EUR 80 000 and to the other members EUR 65 000 each. In addition  the Shareholders’ Nomination Board proposes that the annual remuneration to the Chair and members of the Board Committees would be paid as follows: to the Chair of the Audit Committee EUR 16 000 and to the other members of the Audit Committee EUR 5 500 as well as to the Chair of the Human Resources Committee EUR 5 500 and to the other members of the Human Resources Committee EUR 2 750. In addition  the Shareholders’ Nomination Board proposes that EUR 1 500 would be paid for each Board and Committee meeting attended. Travel expenses of the Board members would be compensated in accordance with the Company policy.The Shareholders’ Nomination Board recommends all members of the Board of Directors to own shares of Huhtamäki Oyj.13. Resolution on the number of members of the Board of DirectorsThe Shareholders’ Nomination Board proposes to the Annual General Meeting that the number of members of the Board of Directors would be nine (9).14. Election of members of the Board of DirectorsThe Shareholders’ Nomination Board proposes to the Annual General Meeting that Mr. Pekka Ala-Pietilä  Ms. Mercedes Alonso  Mr. Doug Baillie  Mr. William R. Barker  Ms. Anja Korhonen  Ms. Kerttu Tuomas and Mr. Ralf K. Wunderlich would be re-elected and  as new members  Ms. Pauline Lindwall and Mr. Pekka Vauramo would be elected as members of the Board of Directors for a term ending at the end of the next Annual General Meeting. In addition  the Shareholders’ Nomination Board proposes that Mr. Pekka Ala-Pietilä would be re-elected as Chair of the Board  and that Ms. Kerttu Tuomas would be re-elected as Vice-Chair of the Board. Two of the current members of the Board of Directors  Mr. Heikki Takala and Ms. Sandra Turner  have announced that they are not available for re-election to the Board of Directors.Ms. Pauline Lindwall (born 1961) has acted as Category Director Coffee  France and Southern Europe at Mondelez International (2012–2015). Before that she has worked at Nestlé in several management positions (1984–2012) based in Asia and Europe  latest position being Country Business Manager  Nestlé Nutrition  Germany and Austria. Ms. Lindwall’s current key positions of trust include acting as a Board member of Duni AB (publ.) and a Supervisory Board member of EIT Food of The European Institute of Innovation and Technology. Ms. Lindwall holds a B.Sc. (Business Administration and Economics). She is independent of the Company and significant shareholders.Mr. Pekka Vauramo (born 1957) acts as President and CEO at Metso Outotec Corporation (2020–). Before that he has worked as President and CEO at Metso Corporation (2018–2020)  President and CEO at Finnair Plc (2013–2018) as well as in several management positions at Cargotec Corporation (2007–2013)  Sandvik AB (1995–2007) and Tamrock Corporation (1985–1995). Mr. Vauramo’s current key positions of trust include acting as a Board member of Nokian Tyres plc  National Defence University and New Children’s Hospital Foundation  as well as a Board of Trustees member of Turku University Foundation. Mr. Vauramo holds a M. Sc. (Technology). He is independent of the Company and significant shareholders.The biographical details of all candidates are presented on the Company’s website (www.huhtamaki.com).All of the candidates have given their consent to the election.15. Resolution on the remuneration of the AuditorThe Board of Directors proposes to the Annual General Meeting that the Auditor’s remuneration would be paid against an invoice approved by the Audit Committee of the Board of Directors.16. Election of the AuditorThe Board of Directors proposes to the Annual General Meeting  in accordance with the recommendation of the Audit Committee of the Board of Directors  that KPMG Oy Ab  a firm of authorized public accountants  would be re-elected as Auditor for the financial year January 1 – December 31  2023. KPMG Oy Ab has announced that Mr. Henrik Holmbom  APA  would be the Auditor with principal responsibility.The recommendation of the Audit Committee is included in the proposal of the Board of Directors  which is available on the Company’s website (www.huhtamaki.com).17. Authorizing the Board of Directors to resolve on the repurchase of the Company's own sharesThe Board of Directors proposes that the Annual General Meeting would authorize the Board of Directors to resolve on the repurchase of an aggregate maximum of 10 776 038 of the Company’s own shares  subject to the number of shares held by the Company at any given moment not exceeding 10 percent of all the shares of the Company. Own shares may be repurchased on the basis of the authorization only by using non-restricted equity.Own shares may be repurchased at a price formed in public trading on the date of the repurchase or otherwise at a price formed on the market. The Board of Directors resolves on how shares are repurchased. Own shares may be repurchased otherwise than in proportion to the shares held by the shareholders (directed repurchase). The authorization remains in force until the end of the next Annual General Meeting  however  no longer than until June 30  2024.18. Authorizing the Board of Directors to resolve on the issuance of shares and the issuance of special rights entitling to sharesThe Board of Directors proposes that the Annual General Meeting would authorize the Board of Directors to resolve on the issuance of shares and the issuance of options and other special rights entitling to shares referred to in chapter 10 section 1 of the Companies Act as follows: the aggregate number of new shares to be issued may not exceed 10 000 000 shares which corresponds to approximately 9.3 percent of the current shares of the Company  and the aggregate number of own treasury shares to be transferred may not exceed 4 000 000 shares which corresponds to approximately 3.7 percent of the current shares of the Company.The Board of Directors resolves on all the terms and conditions of the issuance of shares and special rights entitling to shares and may deviate from the shareholders’ pre-emptive subscription rights (directed issue). The authorization remains in force until the end of the next Annual General Meeting  however  no longer than until June 30  2024.19. Amendment to the Articles of AssociationThe Board of Directors proposes to the Annual General Meeting that the Articles of Association would be amended to enable arranging a General Meeting as a virtual meeting without a meeting venue as an alternative to a physical meeting or a hybrid meeting. The amendment is intended to enable the holding of General Meetings virtually to facilitate attendance and participation for the Company's shareholders  especially in unforeseen or exceptional circumstances. The Finnish Companies Act requires that shareholders can exercise their full rights in virtual meetings  with equal rights to those in in-person General Meetings. The amendment does not preclude arranging General Meetings as physical or hybrid meetings.Pursuant to the proposal of the Board of Directors  the first paragraph of Section 8 § of the Articles of Association would read as follows:""The General Meeting of Shareholders shall be held in Espoo or in Helsinki  as decided by the Board of Directors. The Board of Directors may also decide that the General Meeting of Shareholders is arranged without a meeting venue in a manner whereby shareholders exercise their full decision-making powers in real time during the General Meeting of Shareholders using telecommunications and technical means (virtual meeting).”The Articles of Association in the proposed amended form are available on the Company's website (www.huhtamaki.com).20. Amendment to the Charter of the Shareholders' Nomination BoardThe Shareholders’ Nomination Board proposes to the Annual General Meeting that Section 2 of the Charter of the Shareholders' Nomination Board would be amended so that the shareholders entitled to appoint a member are determined annually on the basis of the shareholders’ register of the Company maintained by Euroclear Finland Ltd on May 31 (previously August 31).The Charter in the proposed amended form is available on the Company's website (www.huhtamaki.com).21. Closing of the meetingB. DOCUMENTS OF THE ANNUAL GENERAL MEETINGThe above-mentioned proposals for the resolutions on the matters on the agenda of the Annual General Meeting  this notice  the Company's Remuneration Report  the amended Remuneration Policy for the Governing Bodies  the Articles of Association in the proposed amended form and the Charter of the Shareholders' Nomination Board in the proposed amended form are available on Huhtamäki Oyj's website (www.huhtamaki.com). The Annual Report  which includes the Company's Annual Accounts  the Consolidated Annual Accounts  the Directors' Report and the Auditor's Report  is also available on the above-mentioned website. The proposals for the resolutions and the other above-mentioned documents are also available at the venue of the Annual General Meeting. The minutes of the Annual General Meeting will be available on the above-mentioned website as from May 11  2023  at the latest.C. INSTRUCTIONS FOR THE PARTICIPANTS IN THE ANNUAL GENERAL MEETING1. Shareholders registered in the shareholders' registerEach shareholder who is registered on the record date of the Annual General Meeting  April 17  2023 in the shareholders' register of the Company maintained by Euroclear Finland Ltd is entitled to participate in the Annual General Meeting. Shareholders whose shares are registered on their personal Finnish book-entry account or equity savings account are registered in the shareholders' register of the Company.The registration period for the Annual General Meeting commences on March 29  2023. A shareholder who is registered in the shareholders' register of the Company and who wants to participate in the Annual General Meeting shall register for the Annual General Meeting by giving a prior notice of participation which must be received no later than on April 21  2023 at 4:00 p.m. (EEST).Such notice can be given:a. on Huhtamäki Oyj’s the website at www.huhtamaki.comElectronic registration requires a strong electronic identification of the shareholder or the shareholder's proxy representative or legal representative with a Finnish or Swedish bank ID or mobile certificate.b. by email to agm@innovatics.fic. by phone to +358 10 281 8909 from Monday to Friday 9:00 a.m. to 12:00 noon and 1:00 p.m. to 4:00 p.m. (EEST)In connection with the registration  requested information must be provided  such as the name  date of birth or business ID  address  telephone number and email address of the shareholder  and the name of a possible assistant or proxy representative or legal representative as well as the date of birth of the proxy representative or legal representative. The personal data is used only in connection with the Annual General Meeting and with the processing of related necessary registrations.Shareholders or their authorized representatives or proxy representatives shall  if required  be able to prove their identity and/or right of representation at the meeting venue.2. Holders of nominee-registered sharesHolders of nominee-registered shares have the right to participate in the Annual General Meeting by virtue of such shares based on which they  on the record date of the Annual General Meeting  April 17  2023  would be entitled to be registered in the shareholders' register of the Company maintained by Euroclear Finland Ltd. The right to participate in the Annual General Meeting requires  in addition  that the shareholder on the basis of such shares has been temporarily registered in the shareholders' register of the Company maintained by Euroclear Finland Ltd by April 24  2023 at 10:00 a.m. (EEST) at the latest. As regards nominee-registered shares  this constitutes due registration for the Annual General Meeting.Holders of nominee-registered shares are advised to request without delay the necessary instructions from their custodian regarding the temporary registration in the shareholders' register of the Company  the issuing of proxy authorization documents and voting instructions  as well as registration for the Annual General Meeting. The account manager of the custodian shall temporarily register a holder of nominee-registered shares who wants to participate in the Annual General Meeting into the shareholders' register of the Company at the latest by the time stated above.For the sake of clarity  it is noted that holders of nominee-registered shares cannot register for the Annual General Meeting on the Company’s website  but they must be registered by their custodians instead.Further information on these matters can also be found on the Company’s website (www.huhtamaki.com).3. Proxy representatives and powers of attorneyShareholders may participate in the Annual General Meeting and exercise their rights at the Annual General Meeting by way of proxy representation. Proxy representatives registering electronically for the Annual General Meeting must identify themselves personally through strong electronic authentication  after which they can register on behalf of the shareholder they represent.Proxy representatives shall produce a dated proxy document or otherwise in a reliable manner demonstrate their right to represent the shareholder at the Annual General Meeting. Proxy document template is available on the Company’s website (www.huhtamaki.com).If a shareholder participates in the Annual General Meeting by means of several proxy representatives representing the shareholder with shares at different securities accounts  the shares in respect of which each proxy representative represents the shareholder shall be identified in connection with the registration for the Annual General Meeting.Possible proxy documents are requested to be delivered primarily in connection with the electronic registration as attachments or alternatively by email to agm@innovatics.fi or as originals by regular mail to Innovatics Oy  AGM / Huhtamäki Oyj  Ratamestarinkatu 13 A  FI-00520 Helsinki  Finland before the expiry of the registration period  by which time the proxy documents must be received. In addition to delivering proxy documents  shareholders or their proxy representatives must also register for the Annual General Meeting as instructed in this notice.Shareholders that are legal persons may also  as an alternative to traditional proxy documents  use the electronic Suomi.fi authorization service for authorizing their proxy representatives. The representative is mandated in the Suomi.fi service at www.suomi.fi/e-authorizations (authorization topic “Representation at the General Meeting”). When registering for the Annual General Meeting on the Company’s website  the authorized representatives shall identify themselves with strong electronic authentication  after which the electronic mandate is verified. The strong electronic authentication takes place with personal online banking credentials or a mobile certificate. For more information  see www.suomi.fi/e-authorizations.4. Other instructions and informationThe meeting language is Finnish. Simultaneous translation will be available in the meeting room into the English and  when relevant  Finnish languages.No free parking has been arranged at the meeting venue.The information concerning the Annual General Meeting required under the Finnish Companies Act and the Finnish Securities Market Act is available on the Company’s website (www.huhtamaki.com). Pursuant to Chapter 5  Section 25 of the Finnish Companies Act  a shareholder who is present at the Annual General Meeting has the right to request information with respect to the matters to be considered at the meeting.At the time of the announcement of this notice  on March 29  2023  the total number of shares and votes in Huhtamäki Oyj is 107 760 385  which includes 3 222 204 own shares held by the Company or its subsidiaries. Such own shares do not carry voting rights.Changes in shareholding occurring after the record date of the Annual General Meeting  April 17  2023  will not affect the right to participate in the Annual General Meeting or the number of votes of such shareholder at the Annual General Meeting.In Espoo  March 29  2023For further information  please contact:Sami Pauni  Executive Vice President  Corporate Affairs and Legal  Group General Counsel  tel. +358 (0)10 686 7872HUHTAMÄKI OYJBoard of DirectorsAbout HuhtamakiHuhtamaki is a leading global provider of sustainable packaging solutions for consumers around the world. Our innovative products protect on-the-go and on-the-shelf food and beverages  and personal care products  ensuring hygiene and safety  driving accessibility and affordability  and helping prevent food waste. We embed sustainability in everything we do. We are committed to achieving carbon neutral production and designing all our products to be recyclable  compostable or reusable by 2030. Our blueloopTM sustainable packaging solutions are world-leading and designed for circularity.We are a participant in the UN Global Compact  Huhtamaki is rated ‘A’ on the MSCI ESG Ratings assessment and EcoVadis has awarded Huhtamaki with the Gold medal for performance in sustainability. To play our part in managing climate change  we have set science-based targets that have been approved and validated by the Science-Based Targets initiative.With 100 years of history and a strong Nordic heritage we operate in 37 countries and 116 operating locations around the world. Our values Care Dare Deliver guide our decisions and help our team of around 19 000 employees make a difference where it matters. Our 2022 net sales totalled EUR 4.5 billion. Huhtamaki Group is headquartered in Espoo  Finland and our parent company  Huhtamäki Oyj  is listed on Nasdaq Helsinki Ltd. Find out more about how we are protecting food  people and the planet at www.huhtamaki.com.Attachment",neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,negative,0.02,0.0,0.98,True,English,"['Huhtamäki Oyj', 'Annual General Meeting', 'Notice', 'HUHTAMÄKI OYJ STOCK EXCHANGE RELEASE', 'Finnish book-entry system change', 'non-variable annual base salary', 'The Shareholders’ Nomination Board', 'Marina Congress Center', 'first dividend instalment', 'second dividend instalment', 'Euroclear Finland Ltd', 'maximum earning opportunity', 'Consolidated Annual Accounts', 'Annual General Meeting', 'new payment date', 'new record date', 'interim Deputy CEO', 'updated Remuneration Policy', 'The Remuneration Report', 'annual remuneration', 'aggregate dividend', 'earning opportunities', 'voting tickets', 'shareholder rights', 'following matters', 'balance sheet', 'financial period', 'two instalments', 'financial position', 'liquidity position', 'Governing Bodies', 'advisory approval', 'short-term incentives', 'long-term incentives', 'competitive level', 'The Board', 'significant changes', 'material changes', 'shareholders’ register', ""shareholders' register"", 'financial year', 'A. MATTERS', 'The Company', ""Directors' Report"", '11:00 a', '10:00 a', '9:00 EEST', 'Notice', 'Thursday', 'April', 'Katajanokanlaituri', '00160 Helsinki', 'Reception', 'distribution', 'webcast', 'Instructions', 'follower', 'website', 'questions', 'proposals', 'participation', 'exercise', 'AGENDA', 'Opening', 'Election', 'persons', 'minutes', 'counting', 'votes', 'legality', 'attendance', 'adoption', 'list', 'Presentation', 'Auditor', 'Review', 'President', 'Resolution', 'use', 'profit', 'December', 'May', 'October', 'regulations', 'place', 'ability', 'obligations', 'discharge', 'members', '11. Amendment', 'increases', 'market', 'expense', 'compensation', 'Chair']",2023-03-29,2023-03-30,marketscreener.com
21615,Euroclear,NewsApi.org,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/proposals-sampo-plcs-board-directors-102000830.html,Proposals of Sampo plc's Board of Directors and its committees to the Annual General Meeting,Antti Mäkinen Antti Mäkinen SAMPO PLC STOCK EXCHANGE RELEASE 29 March 2023 at 1:20 pm EEST Proposals of Sampo plc's Board of Directors and its committees to ...,Sampo plcAntti MäkinenAntti MäkinenSAMPO PLC STOCK EXCHANGE RELEASE 29 March 2023 at 1:20 pm EESTProposals of Sampo plc's Board of Directors and its committees to the Annual General MeetingSampo plc's Board of Directors and its committees have made the following proposals to the Annual General Meeting to be held on 17 May 2023:• Proposal for distribution of profit• Proposal for the remuneration of the members of the Board of Directors• Proposal for the number of members and the members of the Board of Directors• Proposal for the remuneration of the Auditor• Proposal for the election of the Auditor• Proposal for authorisation on the repurchase of the company’s own shares• Proposal on the amendment of articles 3 §  4 § and 14 § of the company’s Articles of Association• Proposal on the amendment of article 11 § of the company’s Articles of Association• Proposal for the authorisation to resolve upon a share issue without payment (share split)• Proposal for the partial demerger of Sampo plcThe Board proposes to the Annual General Meeting a dividend of EUR 2.60 per share. In addition  the Board proposes to the AGM for authorisation to resolve upon a share issue without payment (share split). Based on the proposed authorisation  the Board of Directors could resolve to issue new shares to all shareholders without payment in proportion to their holdings so that a maximum of five (5) new A shares would be issued for each current A share and a maximum of five (5) new B shares would be issued for each current B share. Based on the number of shares  a maximum of 2 581 897 560 new A shares and a maximum of 1 000 000 new B shares would be issued. The share issue without payment would not require any action from the shareholders. Further information is available in the appendix 9.Story continuesThe Board of Directors proposes to the Annual General Meeting that the Annual General Meeting authorise the Board to resolve to repurchase  on one or several occasions  a maximum of 50 000 000 Sampo plc's A shares representing approximately 9.7 per cent of all outstanding A shares of the company. If the Annual General Meeting approves the Board's proposal to authorise the Board to decide on a share issue without consideration (share split) and the Board decides on a share issue without consideration in accordance with the authorisation  a maximum of 300 000 000 Sampo plc's A shares may be repurchased  representing approximately 9.7 per cent of all outstanding A shares of the company after the new shares to be issued in the share issue without consideration have been registered. The repurchased shares will be cancelled. Further information is available in appendix 6.As disclosed earlier this morning  the Board has resolved to propose to the AGM a partial demerger of Sampo plc to separate Mandatum from the Group. Further information on the partial demerger proposal is available in appendix 10 and at the company’s website at www.sampo.com/demerger .Proposals for the remuneration  number  and members of the Board of DirectorsThe Nomination and Remuneration Committee of the Board of Directors proposes to the Annual General Meeting that the number of Board members that be increased by one and that ten members be elected to the Board.The Nomination and Remuneration Committee proposes that the current members of the Board Christian Clausen  Fiona Clutterbuck  Georg Ehrnrooth  Jannica Fagerholm  Johanna Lamminen  Steve Langan  Risto Murto and Markus Rauramo be re-elected for a term continuing until the close of the next Annual General Meeting. The Committee proposes that Antti Mäkinen and Annica Witschard be elected as new members to the Board. The Nomination and Remuneration Committee proposes that the Board members elect Antti Mäkinen from among its number as the Chair of the Board and Jannica Fagerholm as the Vice Chair.Sampo plc’s long-standing Chair of the Board Björn Wahlroos has notified the Nomination and Remuneration Committee of the Board of Directors that he is no longer available for re-election. Further  Johanna Lamminen has notified the Committee that she will no longer continue on the Board of Directors of Sampo plc if and when the demerger of Sampo plc is completed in accordance with the demerger plan approved and signed by the Board of Directors on 29 March 2023  so that she may devote sufficient time to her duties. In such event the number of Board members of Sampo plc will decrease to nine.The Nomination and Remuneration Committee of the Board of Directors proposes to the Annual General Meeting that each member of the Board of Directors be paid an annual fee of EUR 101 000 until the close of the next Annual General Meeting and the Chair of the Board be paid EUR 228 000. Furthermore  the Nomination and Remuneration Committee proposes that the members of the Board of Directors and its Committees be paid the following annual fees:• the Vice Chair of the Board be paid EUR 30 000 • the Chair of the Audit Committee be paid EUR 28 000  and• each member of the Audit Committee be paid EUR 6 400.Other proposalsIn light of the Company’s recent strategic developments and the separate proposal made to the Annual General Meeting regarding a share issue without payment  the Board of Directors has considered that the Articles of Association should be updated. The Board of Directors proposes that article 3 § of the Company’s Articles of Association is amended in accordance with the Sampo Group strategy announced on 24 February 2021 to reflect the Company’s current strategy and main business area. In addition  the Board proposes that article 4 § of the Company’s Articles of Association is amended pursuant to the proposed authorisation for the Board of Directors to resolve upon a share issue without payment (share split)  which necessitates a deletion of the minimum and maximum amounts set for the Company’s A and B shares. Further  it is proposed that certain other technical amendments are made to the Articles of Association  which streamline the Articles of Association and ensure that it is in line with the current wordings of the Finnish Companies Act.The Board of Directors proposes to the Annual General Meeting that the Annual General Meeting resolves to amend article 11 § of the Company’s Articles of Association such that  should the Board of Directors so decide  General Meetings may be convened as a so-called hybrid or remote meeting.The Board of Directors proposes that the firm of authorised public accountants Deloitte Ltd be re-elected as the Company’s auditor for the financial year 2023.The Board’s proposals in their entirety are attached in full to this release.SAMPO PLCBoard of DirectorsFor further information  please contact:Sami TaipalusHead of Investor Relationstel. +358 10 516 0030Maria SilanderCommunications Manager  Media Relationstel. +358 10 516 0031Mirko HurmerintaInvestor Relations Managertel. +358 10 516 0032Distribution:Nasdaq HelsinkiNasdaq StockholmLondon Stock ExchangeThe principal mediaFIN-FSAwww.sampo.comAPPENDIX 1Proposal of the Board of Directors for distribution of profitDividendUnder Sampo Group’s capital management framework  Sampo will return ongoing surplus capital generation from its insurance operations through a regular dividend. Other forms of surplus capital generation  including possible proceeds from disposals of financial investments  are returned through additional dividends and/or buybacks  to the extent that the funds are not utilised to support business development. Sampo targets a Solvency II ratio of 170–190 per cent and financial leverage below 30 per cent.According to Sampo plc’s Dividend Policy applied for distribution of 2022 earnings  total annual dividends paid shall represent at least 70 per cent of Sampo Group’s net profit for the year (excluding extraordinary items). In 2022  accounting items related to the sale of Nordea shares  the sale of Topdanmark life insurance operations and the reclassification of Nordax from an associated company to fair value investment have been defined as extraordinary in accordance with Sampo’s dividend policy.The parent company’s distributable capital and reserves totalled EUR 6 715 706 916.29 of which profit for the financial year 2022 was EUR 1 780 426 719.09. Based on the policies outlined above  the Board proposes to the Annual General Meeting that a total dividend of EUR 2.60 per share be paid to all shares except for the shares held by Sampo plc on the dividend record date of 22 May 2023. The total dividend includes a regular dividend of EUR 1.80 per share as well as an extra dividend of EUR 0.80 per share.As earnings per share excluding extraordinary items amounted to EUR 2.41 per share  the payout ratio for the total dividend equates to 108 per cent. The remainder of the distributable funds are left in the company’s equity capital. After adjusting for the proposed dividend  Sampo Group’s 2022 year-end distributable funds amounted to EUR 5 378 million  Group Solvency II ratio to 210 per cent and financial leverage to 28.6 per cent.Dividend paymentThe dividend is proposed to be paid to the shareholders registered in the register of shareholders held by Euroclear Finland Oy as at the record date of 22 May 2023. The Board proposes that the dividends be paid on 31 May 2023.The issuer of the Swedish depository receipts shall ensure that the dividend is paid to the depository receipt holders registered in the securities depository and settlement register maintained by Euroclear Sweden AB as at the record date of 22 May 2023  which payment shall be made in Swedish kronor.Financial positionNo significant changes have taken place in the company's financial position since the end of the financial year. The company's liquidity position is good and in the view of the Board  the proposed distributions do not jeopardise the company's ability to fulfil its obligations.10 February 2023SAMPO PLCBoard of DirectorsAPPENDIX 2Proposal of the Nomination and Remuneration Committee for the remuneration of the members of the Board of DirectorsThe Nomination and Remuneration Committee of the Board of Directors proposes to the Annual General Meeting that each member of the Board of Directors be paid an annual fee of EUR 101 000 until the close of the next Annual General Meeting and the Chair of the Board be paid EUR 228 000. Furthermore  the Nomination and Remuneration Committee proposes that the members of the Board of Directors and its Committees be paid the following annual fees:the Vice Chair of the Board be paid EUR 30 000 the Chair of the Audit Committee be paid EUR 28 000  andeach member of the Audit Committee be paid EUR 6 400.In determining the proposed fees  the Nomination and Remuneration Committee’s primary objective is to ensure Sampo’s continued ability to compete for domestic and international top-of-the-class Board competence. The objective is especially relevant at times when the Board is undergoing significant changes  such as when nominating a successor to the long-standing Chair of the Board  and new Board members are being sought.In the fourteen years preceding Sampo’s Annual General Meeting to be held on 17 May 2023  the annual fees of Sampo plc’s Board members  including Committee members’ fees but excluding the fees of the Vice Chair of the Board and Chair of the Audit Committee  have been increased by 1.7 per cent per annum on average. The annual fees of the Chair of the Board during the same period have been increased by 1.2 per cent per annum on average. The annual fees of the Board remained entirely static during 2008–2015.The proposed increase in the annual fees of the Board members is approximately 3 per cent. In determining the proposed fees  the Committee has benchmarked the current annual fees against the fees paid to Boards of companies similar to Sampo Group. Based on this comparison  the Committee concluded that the annual fee of the Board members is on a level comparable to the average annual fees paid to Board members of international peers. The Committee has also considered the effect of regulations applicable to Sampo Group on the demands of the Board’s work.In searching for a suitable candidate to be nominated as Chair of the Board  the Committee concluded that in order to attract top-of-the-class Board competence  the annual fee of the Chair of the Board is to be notably increased. The significance of the annual fee’s competitiveness is amplified by the fact that the newly nominated Chair of the Board is not a significant shareholder of the company  unlike the current Chair of the Board.With reference to the above  the Committee considers the proposed increase in the annual fee of the Chair of the Board of 20 per cent as justified. In determining the proposed fee  the Committee has benchmarked the current annual fee against the fees paid to the Chairs of the Boards of companies similar to Sampo Group and operating in the same geographical market. Based on this comparison  the Committee concluded that the annual fee of the Chair of the Board is considerably below the average annual fees paid to Chairs of the Boards of international peers in the financial sector  especially when considering the ratio of the annual fee of the Chair of the Board as compared to the annual fee of the Board members.Potential statutory social and pension costs incurring to Board members having permanent residence outside Finland will  according to applicable national legislation  be borne by Sampo plc. In addition  actual travel and accommodation costs incurring to a Board member will be reimbursed.A Board member shall  in accordance with the resolution of the Annual General Meeting  acquire Sampo plc A shares at the price paid in public trading for 50 per cent of his/her annual fee after the deduction of taxes  payments and potential statutory social and pension costs. The company will pay any possible transfer tax related to the acquisition of the company shares.A Board member shall make the purchase of shares during 2023 after the publication of the Interim Statement for January-September 2023 or  if this is not feasible because of insider regulations  on the first possible date thereafter.A Board member shall be obliged to retain the Sampo plc A shares under his/her ownership for two years from the purchasing date. The disposal restriction on the Sampo shares shall  however  be removed earlier in case the director’s Board membership ends prior to release of the restricted shares i.e. the shares will be released simultaneously when the term of the Board membership ends. If the director’s Board membership ends prior to the close of the next Annual General Meeting  the annual fees paid to such Board member may be recovered in proportion to the term of the Board membership left unserved.29 March 2023SAMPO PLCNomination and Remuneration CommitteeAPPENDIX 3Proposal of the Nomination and Remuneration Committee for the number of members of the Board of Directors and the members of the Board of DirectorsNumber of members and composition of the Board of DirectorsThe Nomination and Remuneration Committee of the Board of Directors proposes to the Annual General Meeting that the number of Board members be increased by one and that ten members be elected to the Board.Sampo plc’s long-standing Chair of the Board Björn Wahlroos has notified the Nomination and Remuneration Committee of the Board of Directors that he is no longer available for re-election. Further  Johanna Lamminen has notified the Committee that she will no longer continue on the Board of Directors of Sampo plc if and when the demerger of Sampo plc is completed in accordance with the demerger plan approved and signed by the Board of Directors on 29 March 2023  so that she may devote sufficient time to her duties. In such event the number of Board members of Sampo plc will decrease to nine.The Nomination and Remuneration Committee of the Board of Directors proposes that the current members of the Board Christian Clausen  Fiona Clutterbuck  Georg Ehrnrooth  Jannica Fagerholm  Johanna Lamminen  Steve Langan  Risto Murto and Markus Rauramo be re-elected for a term continuing until the close of the next Annual General Meeting. The Committee proposes that Antti Mäkinen and Annica Witschard be elected as new members to the Board.The Nomination and Remuneration Committee proposes that the Board members elect Antti Mäkinen from among its number as the Chair of the Board and Jannica Fagerholm as the Vice Chair. It is proposed that Christian Clausen  Risto Murto  Antti Mäkinen (Chair) and Markus Rauramo be elected to the Nomination and Remuneration Committee  and that Fiona Clutterbuck  Georg Ehrnrooth  Jannica Fagerholm (Chair)  Johanna Lamminen  Steve Langan and Annica Witschard be elected to the Audit Committee. The compositions of the Committees fulfil the Finnish Corporate Governance Code 2020’s requirements for independence.It is the opinion of the Nomination and Remuneration Committee that the proposed Board of Directors and its members are suitable for the assignment both collectively and individually and that Antti Mäkinen is suitable for the position of Chair of the Board. Further  the Committee is of the opinion that the proposed Board of Directors enables it to work effectively and reflects Sampo plc’s short- and long-term needs.New Board membersAntti Mäkinen has over 20 years of experience working at the highest levels of the financial industry  including having worked as CEO of Solidium and eQ as well as in key management positions in SEB Enskilda Securities and Nordea. Mäkinen has also served as Chair of the Board of Directors of Stora Enso  as well as on the Boards of Directors of Sampo and Metso Outotec. Mäkinen was born in 1961 and holds a Master of Laws degree from the University of Helsinki.Annica Witschard has over 10 years of managerial experience in the financial industry  including PPF/Home Credit and GE Money Bank. She was born in 1973 and holds a Master of Science in Business and Economics from Linköping University.Diversity and independenceWhen proposing the composition of the Board of Directors  the aim of the Nomination and Remuneration Committee is to ensure that the Board of Directors is composed of first-rate professionals and that the Board of Directors as a whole for the purpose of its work possesses the requisite knowledge of and experience in the social  business and cultural conditions of the regions and markets in which the main activities of the Group are carried out. When proposing the composition of the Board of Directors  it is recognised that diversity  including age  gender  geographical provenance and educational and professional background  is an important factor in accordance with the Sampo plc Board Diversity Policy. According to the target set by the Board  each gender shall be represented by at least 37.5 per cent of the members of the Board. The proposed composition of the Board results in each gender being represented by at least 40 per cent of the members of the Board.The Committee’s proposal also takes into consideration the proposed partial demerger of Sampo plc. The Committee’s proposal ensures that the Boards of Directors of both Sampo plc and Mandatum plc can be formed such that they comprise of first-rate Board members who are knowledgeable and experienced in the relevant business  ensuring continuity in each Board’s work. Jannica Fagerholm and Johanna Lamminen are both proposed to be members of Mandatum plc’s Board of Directors  in accordance with the demerger plan approved and signed by the Board of Directors of Sampo plc on 29 March 2023.In the event that Johanna Lamminen resigns as a Board member as a consequence of the proposed partial demerger of Sampo plc  the composition of the Board will temporarily deviate from the target of each gender being represented by at least 37.5 per cent of the members of the Board. In such event  the Board of Directors remains committed to reaching its target of having both genders represented in the Board and will endeavour to reach the target when proposing candidates for Board membership next time.The Committee has assessed that in light of the strategic development of Sampo Group  and taking into consideration the dual listing of Sampo plc on Nasdaq Stockholm  the composition of Sampo plc’s Board of Directors shall in addition to the current knowledge emphasise expertise and knowledge of Sweden’s geographical market.All the proposed Board members have been determined to be independent of the company and its major shareholders under the rules of the Finnish Corporate Governance Code 2020. In so determining  the Committee has taken into account that Jannica Fagerholm will have served on Sampo plc’s Board of Directors in excess of 10 consecutive years. Based on an overall assessment  the Committee has determined that Jannica Fagerholm’s independence is not compromised due to her long service history on its own  and no other factors or circumstances have been identified that would impair her independence.The CVs of all persons proposed as Board members are available at www.sampo.com/agm.29 March 2023SAMPO PLCNomination and Remuneration CommitteeAnnex 1:CV of Antti MäkinenCurriculum Vitae:Antti MäkinenBorn 1961Education:University of Helsinki- Master of Laws 1986Career:Solidium- CEO 2017–2022Nordea Bank AB (publ)- Several director positions 2010–2017eQ Corporation- CEO 2005–2009SEB Enskilda Securities- Finnish branch  Director 1996–2005Hannes Snellman Attorneys Ltd- Partner 1985-1996Positions of trust:Stora Enso  Chair of the Board of Directors 2021–23  member 2018–2021  2023-Metso Outotec Corporation  member of the Board of Directors 2020–2023 (Metso Corporation 2018–2019)Sampo plc  member of the Board of Directors 2018–2021Annex 2:CV of Annica WitschardCurriculum Vitae:Annica WitschardBorn 1973Current Position:PPF/Home Credit Vietnam• CEO 2020–Education:University of Linköping• Master of Science (Business & Economics) 1999Career:PPF/Home Credit• President & CEO for Home Credit Philippines 2016–2019General Electric (GE Money)• CEO  GE Capital Nordics & GE Money Bank AB 2012–2015• Country Leader  GE Money Bank Sweden 2009–2012• Operations Leader  GE Money Bank Sweden 2006–2009• Operations Development Leader  GE Money Bank Sweden 2003–2005• Quality Project Leader  GE Capital Bank 2001–2003• European Management Development Program  GE Capital 1999–2001APPENDIX 4Proposal of the Audit Committee for the remuneration of the AuditorThe Audit Committee of the Board of Directors proposes to the Annual General Meeting that compensation be paid to the Company’s Auditor against an invoice approved by the Company.As background to the proposal  the Audit Committee states that Deloitte Ltd has acted as Sampo plc’s Auditor in 2022.The fees paid by Sampo plc to Deloitte Ltd for statutory audit services invoiced in 2022 totaled approximately EUR 975 000. In addition  Sampo plc paid Deloitte Ltd a total of approximately EUR 112 100 in fees for non-audit services.The fees paid by Sampo Group to audit firm Deloitte for statutory audit services in 2022 totaled approximately EUR 4 266 700. In addition  Sampo Group paid audit firm Deloitte a total of approximately EUR 743 900 in fees for non-audit services  which is at most approximately 18 per cent of the fees paid by Sampo Group to audit firm Deloitte for statutory audit services.The Auditor’s fees for services provided to Sampo Group have been presented in note 31 of the annex to the consolidated financial statements.29 March 2023SAMPO PLCAudit CommitteeAPPENDIX 5Proposal of the Audit Committee for the election of the AuditorThe Audit Committee of the Board of Directors proposes to the Annual General Meeting that the firm of authorised public accountants Deloitte Ltd be re-elected as the Company’s auditor for the financial year 2023. If Deloitte Ltd is elected as Sampo plc’s auditor  the firm has announced that APA Jukka Vattulainen will continue as the auditor with principal responsibility. APA Jukka Vattulainen has acted as the company’s principally responsible auditor since 2021.The Audit Committee notes that its proposal is free from influence by a third party  and the Audit Committee is not subject to compliance with any such clauses referred to in Article 16(6) of the Audit Regulation (Regulation (EU) No 537/2014 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 16 April 2014 on specific requirements regarding statutory audit of public-interest entities and repealing Commission Decision 2005/909/EC) that restrict the choice as regards the election of a statutory auditor or audit firm.29 March 2023SAMPO PLCAudit CommitteeAPPENDIX 6Proposal of the Board of Directors for authorisation to decide on the repurchase of the company’s own sharesThe Board of Directors proposes to the Annual General Meeting that the Annual General Meeting authorise the Board to resolve to repurchase  on one or several occasions  a maximum of 50 000 000 Sampo plc's A shares representing approximately 9.7 per cent of all outstanding A shares of the company. If the Annual General Meeting approves the Board's proposal to authorise the Board to decide on a share issue without consideration (share split) in accordance with Section 20 of the Notice of the Annual General Meeting  and the Board decides on a share issue without consideration in accordance with the authorisation  a maximum of 300 000 000 Sampo plc's A shares may be repurchased  representing approximately 9.7 per cent of all outstanding A shares of the company after the new shares to be issued in the share issue without consideration pursuant to Section 20 of the Notice of the Annual General Meeting have been registered. The repurchased shares will be cancelled.The shares may be repurchased either through an offer to all shareholders on equal terms or through other means and otherwise than in proportion to the existing shareholdings of the company’s shareholders (directed repurchase) if the Board of Directors deems that there are weighty financial reasons for such directed repurchase. Directed repurchases may be carried out  among others  through open market purchases  participation in accelerated book-building processes or through arranging reversed accelerated book-building processes.The purchase price per share shall be no more than(i) the highest price paid for the company's shares in public trading on the day of the repurchase or the offer to repurchase the company's own shares  or alternatively (ii) the average of the share prices (volume weighted average price on the regulated markets where the company's share is admitted to trading) during the five trading days preceding the repurchase or the offer to repurchase the company's own shares giving retrospective effect to a potential share split increasing the total number of shares.The lowest purchase price per share shall be the price that is 20 per cent lower than the lowest price paid for the company's shares in public trading during the validity of this authorisation until the repurchase or the offer to repurchase the company's own shares giving retrospective effect to a potential share split increasing the total number of shares.The repurchases under the authorisation are proposed to be carried out by using funds in the unrestricted shareholders' equity  which means that the repurchases will reduce funds available for distribution of profit.The Board of Directors shall be authorised to decide on all other terms relating to the repurchase of the company's own shares.The holder of all of Sampo plc's B shares has given its consent to a buy-back of A shares.It is proposed that the authorisation be valid until the close of the next Annual General Meeting  however no longer than 18 months from the Annual General Meeting's decision.29 March 2023SAMPO PLCBoard of DirectorsAPPENDIX 7Proposal of the Board of Directors on the amendment of articles 3 §  4 § and 14 § of the company’s articles of associationThe Board of Directors proposes to the Annual General Meeting that the Annual General Meeting resolves to amend the Company’s Articles of Association in accordance with the following and such that articles 3–4 § and 14 § are amended as set out below. A comparison against the current wording may be found in the attached table.Sampo plc’s Articles of Association were last amended by the Annual General Meeting held on 19 April 2018. In light of the Company’s recent strategic developments and the separate proposal made to the Annual General Meeting regarding a share issue without payment  the Company’s Board of Directors has considered that the Articles of Association as they pertain to the Company’s business area and the number of shares of both share classes should be updated. Further  it is proposed that certain other technical amendments are made to the Articles of Association  which streamline the Articles of Association and ensure that it is in line with the current wordings of the Finnish Companies Act.The most significant proposed changes to the Articles of Association are:3 § Business area of the CompanyThe Board of Directors proposes that article 3 § of the Company’s Articles of Association is amended in accordance with the Sampo Group strategy announced on 24 February 2021 to reflect the Company’s current strategy and main business area.In its amended form  said article would read as follows:“The Company operates as the parent company of Sampo Group  which has its focus on P&C insurance. The Company sets the Group’s strategy and capital management framework and carries out centrally-managed Group tasks. The Company may also own and manage shares  other securities and properties  and to engage in securities trading and other investment activities.”4 § Classes of sharesThe Board of Directors proposes that article 4 § of the Company’s Articles of Association is amended pursuant to the proposed authorisation for the Board of Directors to resolve upon a share issue without payment (share split)  which necessitates a deletion of the minimum and maximum amounts set for the Company’s A and B shares.In its amended form  said article would read as follows:“The shares are divided into A and B classes  with each A share entitling its holder to one vote and each B share entitling its holder to five votes at a General Meeting of Shareholders.Each B share can be converted into an A share at the request of the holder of the B share or  with respect to nominee-registered shares  at the request of the nominee under whose name the shares are registered in the Shareholders’ Register. The conversion request shall be made in writing to the Company. The request shall specify the number of shares to be converted and the book-entry securities account where the shares are to be entered. The Company may request that an entry be made in the shareholders’ book-entry securities account during the conversion procedure restricting the owner’s right of disposal. Any decisions on conversion and related details shall be made by the Board of Directors or the Board’s authorised representative.”14 §The Board of Directors proposes that article 14 § of the Company’s Articles of Association is amended such that the matters to be addressed in the Annual General Meeting are supplemented in accordance with the Finnish Companies Act such that the Annual General Meeting shall decide on the remuneration policy  when necessary  and decide on the acceptance of the remuneration report. Further  the numbering of current subsections 6—10 shall be changed accordingly due to the above-mentioned amendments. Additionally  the Board of Directors proposes that subsection 1 is supplemented with a reference to the reception of the Report of the Board of Directors and subsection 4 is amended to correspond to the wording of the Finnish Companies Act.In its amended form  said article would read as follows:“The Annual General Meeting shallreceive1. the Financial Statements and the Report of the Board of Directors 2. the Auditors' Reportdecide on3. the acceptance of the Financial Statements4. the use of the profit shown on the balance sheet5. the release from liability of the members of the Board of Directors and the Managing Director6. the Remuneration Policy  when necessary7. the acceptance of the Remuneration Report8. the number of members of the Board of Directors and their fees9. the fees of the Auditorelect10. the members of the Board of Directors11. the Auditordiscuss12. any other business on the meeting agenda.”29 March 2023SAMPO PLCBoard of DirectorsAppendix:Current wording Proposed new wording 3 § Business area of the CompanyThe Company’s business area is to own and manage shares  other securities and properties  and to engage in securities trading and other investment activities. The Company carries out centrally-managed Group administration tasks for the credit institutions  insurance companies and other companies that are part of the Group. Business area of the CompanyThe Company operates as the parent company of Sampo Group  which has its focus on P&C insurance. The Company sets the Group’s strategy and capital management framework and carries out centrally-managed Group tasks. The Company may also own and manage shares  other securities and properties  and to engage in securities trading and other investment activities.4 § Classes of sharesThe shares are divided into A and B classes  with the number of A shares being 179 000 000 at minimum and 711 200 000 at maximum  and the number of B shares being 0 at minimum and 4 800 000 at maximum. Each A share entitles its holder to one vote and each B share entitles its holder to five votes at a General Meeting of Shareholders.Each B share can be converted into an A share at the request of the holder of the B share or  with respect to nominee-registered shares  at the request of the nominee under whose name the shares are registered in the Shareholders’ Register. The conversion request shall be made in writing to the Company. The request shall specify the number of shares to be converted and the book-entry securities account where the shares are to be entered. The Company may request that an entry be made in the shareholders’ book-entry securities account during the conversion procedure restricting the owner’s right of disposal. Any decisions on conversion and related details shall be made by the Board of Directors or theBoard’s authorised representative. Classes of sharesThe shares are divided into A and B classes  with each A share entitling its holder to one vote and each B share entitling its holder to five votes at a General Meeting of Shareholders.Each B share can be converted into an A share at the request of the holder of the B share or  with respect to nominee-registered shares  at the request of the nominee under whose name the shares are registered in the Shareholders’ Register. The conversion request shall be made in writing to the Company. The request shall specify the number of shares to be converted and the book-entry securities account where the shares are to be entered. The Company may request that an entry be made in the shareholders’ book-entry securities account during the conversion procedure restricting the owner’s right of disposal. Any decisions on conversion and related details shall be made by the Board of Directors or the Board’s authorised representative. 14 § The Annual General Meeting shallreceive1. the Financial Statements2. the Auditors' Reportdecide on3. the acceptance of the Financial Statements4. the measures occasioned by the profit shown in the accepted Financial Statements5. the release from liability of the members of the Board of Directors and the Managing Director6. the number of members of the Board of Directors and their fees7. the fees of the Auditorelect8. the members of the Board of Directors9. the Auditordiscuss10. any other business on the meeting agenda. The Annual General Meeting shallreceive1. the Financial Statements and the Report of the Board of Directors 2. the Auditors' Reportdecide on3. the acceptance of the Financial Statements4. the use of the profit shown on the balance sheet5. the release from liability of the members of the Board of Directors and the Managing Director6. the Remuneration Policy  when necessary7. the acceptance of the Remuneration Report8. the number of members of the Board of Directors and their fees9. the fees of the Auditorelect10. the members of the Board of Directors11. the Auditordiscuss12. any other business on the meeting agenda.APPENDIX 8Proposal of the Board of Directors on the amendment of article 11 § of the Company’s articles of associationThe Board of Directors proposes to the Annual General Meeting that the Annual General Meeting resolves to amend article 11 § of the Company’s Articles of Association such that  should the Board of Directors so decide  General Meetings may be convened as a so-called hybrid or remote meeting. As a prerequisite for convening a hybrid or remote meeting  shareholders must be able to exercise their full decision-making power during such General Meeting as if they were attending the meeting physically  including the right to present questions and to vote  using a remote connection and technical means  in accordance with the Finnish Companies Act.The proposed amendment is intended to prepare the Company for changes in its operating environment and society  so that shareholders maintain the possibility to exercise their full decision-making power on any matters presented to a General Meeting under any circumstances.In its amended form  said article would read as follows:“The Company’s shareholders exercise their decision-making power with respect to the Company’s affairs at a General Meeting of Shareholders. General Meetings are held in Helsinki.The Board of Directors may decide that participation in the General Meeting is also permitted such that a shareholder exercises their full decision-making power during the General Meeting using a remote connection and technical means.The Board of Directors may also decide to convene a General Meeting without a physical venue such that the shareholders exercise their full decision-making power in real time using a remote connection and technical means during the General Meeting.To be entitled to attend a General Meeting  a shareholder must give notification of his/her intention to attend to the Company no later than on the date mentioned in the meeting notice  which may be no earlier than ten days prior to the meeting.”29 March 2023SAMPO PLCBoard of DirectorsAppendix:Current wording Proposed new wording 11 § General meeting of shareholdersThe Company’s shareholders exercise their decision-making power with respect to the Company’s affairs at a General Meeting of Shareholders. General Meetings areheld in Helsinki.To be entitled to attend a General Meeting  a shareholder must give notification of his/her intention to attend to the Company on the date mentioned in the meetingnotice  which may be no earlier than ten days prior to the meeting. General meeting of shareholdersThe Company’s shareholders exercise their decision-making power with respect to the Company’s affairs at a General Meeting of Shareholders. General Meetings areheld in Helsinki.The Board of Directors may decide that participation in the General Meeting is also permitted such that a shareholder exercises their full decision-making power during the General Meeting using a remote connection and technical means.The Board of Directors may also decide to convene a General Meeting without a physical venue such that the shareholders exercise their full decision-making power in real time using a remote connection and technical means during the General Meeting.To be entitled to attend a General Meeting  a shareholder must give notification of his/her intention to attend to the Company no later than on the date mentioned in the meeting notice  which may be no earlier than ten days prior to the meeting.APPENDIX 9Proposal of the Board of Directors for authorisation to resolve upon a share issue without payment (share split)The Board of Directors proposes to the Annual General Meeting that the Annual General Meeting resolves to authorise the Board of Directors to resolve upon a share issue without payment in proportion to shares owned by shareholders (share split) based on the following terms in order to enhance share liquidity. The Board of Directors could then resolve upon the timing and execution of the share issue without payment at its discretion and based on the then prevailing market conditions  for example also considering the potential completion of the partial demerger of Sampo plc  as proposed by the Board of Directors to the Annual General Meeting.Based on the proposed authorisation  the Board of Directors could resolve to issue new shares to all shareholders without payment in proportion to their holdings so that a maximum of five (5) new A shares would be issued for each current A share and a maximum of five (5) new B shares would be issued for each current B share. The Board of Directors would be authorised to decide the exact amount of new shares issued for each A share and each B share within the limits of the proposed maximum number of new shares such that the ratio of current shares to new shares would be the same for both classes of shares. Based on the number of shares on the date of publication of the Board’s proposal  a maximum of 2 581 897 560 new A shares and a maximum of 1 000 000 new B shares would be issued. The shares would be issued to shareholders who would be registered in the Company’s register of shareholders maintained by Euroclear Finland Oy on the record date of the share issue. The share issue without payment would be executed in the book-entry system and would not require any action from the shareholders. The new A shares would be converted into Swedish Depositary Receipts (“SDR”) in accordance with sections 7.1 and 7.2 of the General Terms and Conditions for the SDRs and would not require any action from SDR holders. The new shares would generate shareholders rights as of when they have been registered in the trade register.The Board of Directors would be authorised to decide on the record date of the share issue in accordance with applicable and valid legislation. The authorisation is proposed to remain valid until the next Annual General Meeting of Sampo plc  however at the latest until 30 June 2024.A resolution on the share issue requires amendment of 4 § of the Company’s Articles of Association as proposed to the Annual General Meeting.29 March 2023SAMPO PLCBoard of DirectorsAPPENDIX 10Proposal of the Board of Directors for the partial demerger of Sampo plcThe Board of Directors proposes that the Annual General Meeting resolve to approve the partial demerger of Sampo plc in accordance with the demerger plan approved and signed by the Board of Directors of Sampo plc on 29 March 2023 and approves the demerger plan so that  as part of the demerger resolution  the Annual General Meeting would also resolve  conditionally upon the registration of the completion of the demerger on the matters presented below.The Annual General Meeting may only approve or reject this proposal regarding the partial demerger. This proposal regarding the partial demerger forms an entirety  which requires its adoption as a single resolution without alteration.However  despite the resolution of the Annual General Meeting  the Board of Directors may resolve to not complete the demerger if at any time prior to the completion of the demerger there exists in the view of the Board of Directors grounds due to which such non-completion would be appropriate.BackgroundOn 29 March 2023 Sampo plc issued a stock exchange release regarding the company’s partial demerger and the divestment of the life insurance and wealth management business. Sampo plc’s Board of Directors signed the demerger plan on 29 March 2023.The purpose of the demerger is to implement the divestment of the life insurance  wealth management business and related operations carried out by Mandatum Holding Ltd through its direct and indirect subsidiaries in order to form a new independent group of companies. The planned date of registration of the completion of the partial demerger is 1 October 2023 (the “Effective Date”). The actual Effective Date may change from said planned date in accordance with the demerger plan.The purpose of the demerger is to advance Sampo's strategy  which emphasises a preeminent focus on property and casualty (P&C) insurance operations  and to provide Mandatum Group with greater strategic and financial flexibility on a standalone basis  allowing it to continue to implement its current growth strategy focusing on fee-generative products and run-off of its with-profit book.Partial demergerTo implement the partial demerger  the Board of Directors of Sampo plc proposes that the Annual General Meeting resolves to approve the partial demerger of Sampo plc as set forth in the demerger plan approved and signed by the Board of Directors of Sampo plc on 29 March 2023. As part of the partial demerger  all of the shares in Mandatum Holding Ltd (a wholly-owned direct subsidiary of Sampo plc) and related assets and liabilities will transfer without a liquidation procedure to Mandatum plc  a company to be incorporated in the demerger on the Effective Date as set forth in the demerger plan.The shareholders of Sampo plc shall receive as demerger consideration one (1) new share in Mandatum plc for each share (regardless of share class) owned in Sampo plc  i.e. the demerger consideration shall be issued to the shareholders of Sampo plc in proportion to their shareholdings with a ratio of 1:1. For the sake of clarity  the demerger consideration shall be delivered through the book-entry system without any separate action being required from the shareholders of Sampo plc in relation thereto.The shares in Mandatum plc are intended to be admitted to trading on the official list of Nasdaq Helsinki Ltd. Trading is intended to begin on the Effective Date  or in case the Effective Date does not fall on a trading day  the first potential trading day following the Effective Date.As part of the demerger resolution the Annual General Meeting resolves on  conditional upon the registration of the completion of the demerger:a) The establishment of Mandatum plc and the approval of its articles of associationThe receiving company in the demerger is established in connection with the registration of the completion of the demerger. It has been proposed that the trade name of the company be Mandatum Oyj (in English: Mandatum plc)  and the company’s proposed articles of association are included in full as an appendix to the demerger plan.The proposed articles of association of Mandatum plc are  to the extent applicable  based on Sampo plc’s currently valid Articles of Association  taking into consideration the amendments proposed to the Articles of Association in Sections 17 and 18 of the Notice of the Annual General Meeting.b) The composition of Mandatum plc’s Board of Directors and the selection of its auditor as well as their remunerationAccording to the proposed articles of association of Mandatum plc  the Board of Directors of Mandatum plc shall consist of three (3) to ten (10) members. It is proposed that Mandatum plc’s Board of Directors is elected in accordance with the demerger plan approved and signed by Sampo plc’s Board of Directors on 29 March 2023  wherein the composition of the Board of Directors of Mandatum plc is described in detail.The term of such members of the Board of Directors shall commence on the Effective Date and shall expire at the end of the first Annual General Meeting of Mandatum plc following the Effective Date. The Board of Directors of Mandatum plc may however take certain decisions on behalf of Mandatum plc already prior to the Effective Date  as set forth in the demerger plan.All the proposed Board members of Mandatum plc  excluding Patrick Lapveteläinen  have been determined to be independent of Mandatum plc and its major shareholders under the rules of the Finnish Corporate Governance Code 2020. Patrick Lapveteläinen has been determined to be independent of Mandatum plc’s major shareholders  but not independent of Mandatum plc due to the company intending to engage Lapveteläinen as a full-time Chair of the Board. Prior to assuming the duties of a Board member of Mandatum plc  each such person must fulfil the Fitness & Propriety requirements set by the Finnish Financial Supervisory Authority.It is proposed that each member of the Board of Directors of Mandatum plc be remunerated in accordance with the demerger plan approved and signed by Sampo plc’s Board of Directors on 29 March 2023.According to the proposed articles of association of Mandatum plc  Mandatum plc shall have one (1) auditor which must be an auditing firm authorised by the Finnish Patent and Registration Office. In accordance with the demerger plan approved and signed by Sampo plc's Board of Directors on 29 March 2023  it is therefore proposed that the firm of authorised public accountants Deloitte Ltd be elected as the Mandatum plc’s auditor for the financial year 2023. If Deloitte Ltd is elected as Mandatum plc’s auditor  the firm has announced that APA Reeta Virolainen will act as the auditor with principal responsibility. APA Reeta Virolainen has acted as Mandatum Group’s principally responsible auditor since 2021. Sampo plc’s Board of Directors also proposes that compensation be paid to Mandatum plc’s auditor against an invoice approved by Mandatum plc.c) The establishment of a shareholders’ nomination board for Mandatum plcIt is proposed to establish a shareholders’ nomination board for Mandatum plc in accordance with the demerger plan approved and signed by Sampo plc’s Board of Directors on 29 March 2023.Resolutions that are conditional on the completion of the demerger will enter into force in connection with the registration of the completion of the demerger.The holder of all of Sampo plc’s B shares has given its consent to the partial demerger of Sampo plc in accordance with the demerger plan dated 29 March 2023 and has committed to voting in favour of the proposal regarding the partial demerger at the Annual General Meeting.29 March 2023SAMPO PLCBoard of DirectorsAttachment,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,negative,0.0,0.36,0.64,True,English,"['Annual General Meeting', 'Sampo plc', 'Proposals', 'Board', 'Directors', 'committees', 'SAMPO PLC STOCK EXCHANGE RELEASE', 'next Annual General Meeting', 'five (5) new B shares', 'five (5) new A shares', 'following annual fees', 'Antti Mäkinen', 'Björn Wahlroos', '1,000,000 new B shares', 'outstanding A shares', '2,581,897,560 new A shares', 'current B share', 'current A share', 'partial demerger proposal', 'new shares', '50,000,000 Sampo plc', '300,000,000 Sampo plc', 'new members', 'current members', 'share issue', 'share split', 'Further information', 'several occasions', '9.7 per cent', 'Christian Clausen', 'Fiona Clutterbuck', 'Georg Ehrnrooth', 'Jannica Fagerholm', 'Johanna Lamminen', 'Steve Langan', 'Risto Murto', 'Markus Rauramo', 'Annica Witschard', 'sufficient time', 'demerger plan', 'Audit Committee', 'ten members', 'Vice Chair', 'standing Chair', 'Remuneration Committee', 'The Nomination', 'Board members', 'March', 'Proposals', 'Directors', 'committees', '17 May', 'distribution', 'profit', 'number', 'Auditor', 'election', 'authorisation', 'repurchase', 'company', 'amendment', 'articles', 'Association', 'payment', 'addition', 'AGM', 'shareholders', 'proportion', 'holdings', 'maximum', 'action', 'appendix', 'Story', 'one', 'consideration', 'accordance', 'Mandatum', 'Group', 'website', 'term', 'close', 'duties', 'event', '1:20']",2023-03-29,2023-03-30,finance.yahoo.com
21616,Euroclear,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/IRISITY-AB-PUBL-39435363/news/Irisity-AGM-2023-The-board-of-directors-proposals-43364911/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230329,Irisity : AGM 2023 The board of directors proposals,(marketscreener.com)   N.B. This is an unofficial translation of the Swedish original wording. In case of differences between the English translation and the Swedish original  the Swedish text shall prevail.   THE BOARD OF DIRECTORS' PROPOSALS FOR THE AN…,N.B. This is an unofficial translation of the Swedish original wording. In case of differences between the English translation and the Swedish original  the Swedish text shall prevail.THE BOARD OF DIRECTORS' PROPOSALS FOR THE ANNUAL GENERAL MEETING2023 IN IRISITY AB (PUBL)Item 8B - Resolution regarding allocation of the company's profits or losses in accordance with the adopted balance sheetThe board of directors proposes that the funds at the annual general meetings' disposal of SEK 667 123 628 shall be carried forward. No dividend shall be paid.Item 14 - Resolution regarding approval of the board of directors' resolution on directed issue of new sharesThe board of directors proposes that the annual general meeting approves the board of directors' resolution of 27 March 2023  on directed issue of new shares  as set out below.Subject to the approval of the general meeting  the board of directors has resolved to carry out a private placement in respect of not more than 3 127 608 shares  entailing an increase in the share capital of not more than SEK 281 484.72. The resolution is governed by the following terms and conditions.1. The right to subscribe for the new shares shall  with deviation from the shareholders pre-emption rights  only be granted to the company's CEO  Keven Marier.2.The reason for not applying the shareholders' pre-emption rights is that the board of directors of the company is of the opinion that Keven Marier's motivation and commitment as CEO increase if he is offered the opportunity to become a shareholder in the company. Furthermore  the private placement will increase the company's working capital in an expedient and a cost-efficient manner. Overall  it is the board of directors' assessment that the proposed directed share issue will benefit the company's shareholders through an increased share value.3. The subscription for shares shall be made through subscription list not later than 26 June 2023. However  the board of directors shall be entitled to extend the subscription period.4. A subscription price of SEK 5.60 shall be paid for each share. The basis for the subscription price is the market value of the share which has been established following an agreement between the company and Keven Marier taking into consideration that the subscription price is equivalent to the share's average closing price during the 5 trading days preceding the board of directors' resolution. The part of the subscription price which exceeds the quota value  shall be transferred to the unrestricted premium reserve.5. Payment for the subscribed shares shall be made at subscription. However  the board of directors shall be entitled to prolong the payment period.6. The new shares shall entitle to dividends from and including the first record day for dividends following the registration of the new shares by the Swedish Companies Registration Office and registration in the shareholders' ledger maintained by Euroclear Sweden AB.7. The board of directors or a person appointed by the board of directors shall be authorised to make such minor adjustments to this resolution that may be necessary in connection with the registration of the new issue.The board of directors further propose that the annual general meeting assigns the board of directors  or whomever the board of directors appoints  to make such minor adjustments of the issue resolution that may prove necessary in connection with registration with the Swedish Companies Registration Office.A resolution shall only be valid where supported by not less than nine-tenths (9/10) of both the votes cast and the shares represented at the annual general meeting._______________________Gothenburg in March 2023Irisity AB (publ)The board of directors2,neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,positive,0.65,0.26,0.09,True,English,"['directors proposals', 'Irisity', 'AGM', 'board', ""annual general meetings' disposal"", 'Swedish Companies Registration Office', 'unrestricted premium reserve', 'first record day', 'Swedish original wording', 'Euroclear Sweden AB', 'average closing price', ""shareholders' pre-emption rights"", 'Swedish text', 'IRISITY AB', 'N.B.', 'unofficial translation', 'English translation', 'balance sheet', 'private placement', 'Keven Marier', 'working capital', 'cost-efficient manner', 'market value', '5 trading days', 'quota value', 'minor adjustments', 'subscription price', 'subscription list', 'subscription period', ""shareholders' ledger"", 'new issue', 'new shares', 'share capital', 'share value', 'payment period', ""DIRECTORS' PROPOSALS"", ""directors' assessment"", 'share issue', 'issue resolution', ""directors' resolution"", '3,127,608 shares', 'case', 'differences', 'THE', 'BOARD', 'PUBL', 'Item', 'allocation', 'company', 'profits', 'losses', 'accordance', 'funds', 'SEK', 'approval', '27 March', 'respect', 'increase', 'following', 'terms', 'conditions', 'deviation', 'CEO', 'reason', 'opinion', 'motivation', 'commitment', 'opportunity', 'expedient', '26 June', 'basis', 'agreement', 'consideration', 'part', 'dividends', 'person', 'connection', 'less', 'nine-tenths', 'votes']",2023-03-29,2023-03-30,marketscreener.com
21617,Euroclear,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/LOOS-AB-ADR-5176760/news/Notice-to-Annual-General-Meeting-of-shareholders-in-Loomis-AB-43363904/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230329,Notice to Annual General Meeting of shareholders in Loomis AB,(marketscreener.com) N.B. The below is an unofficial translation of the Swedish original  in case of any discrepancies between the Swedish original and the English translation the Swedish text shall prevail.STOCKHOLM  March 29  2023 /PRNewswire/ --The shar…,"N.B. The below is an unofficial translation of the Swedish original  in case of any discrepancies between the Swedish original and the English translation the Swedish text shall prevail.STOCKHOLM  March 29  2023 /PRNewswire/ --The shareholders of Loomis AB  Reg. No 556620-8095 (""Loomis"" or the ""company"")  are hereby invited to participate in the annual general meeting (the ""AGM"") to be held on Thursday May 4  2023 at 5 p.m. CEST  in Grünewaldsalen at Stockholm Concert Hall  entrance Kungsgatan 43  Stockholm. Registration for the AGM begins at 4.30 p.m. CEST.A. NOTICE OF ATTENDANCEA person who wishes to attend the AGM must:be listed as a shareholder in the presentation of the share register prepared by Euroclear Sweden AB  concerning the circumstances on Tuesday April 25  2023 ; and; and notify the company of their intention to participate in the AGM by post to Loomis AB  ""AGM""  c/o Euroclear Sweden AB  P.O. Box 191  SE-101 23 Stockholm  by telephone + 46 8 402 90 72 or via the company website www.loomis.com  by Thursday April 27  2023   at the latest  preferably before 4 p.m. When registering to attend  the shareholder must provide name  personal identity number (corporate identity number)  address  telephone number and the number of any representative (no more than two).If a shareholder is represented by proxy  a written and dated power of attorney signed by the shareholder must be issued to the proxy. A proxy form is available on the company website  www.loomis.com. If the shareholder is a legal entity  a certificate of registration or a corresponding document for the legal entity shall be attached. In order to facilitate registration at the AGM  the power of attorney as well as the certificate of registration and other authorization documents should be received by the company prior to the AGM.Nominee registered sharesA shareholder whose shares are nominee registered through a bank or other nominee must  in addition to giving notice of participation at the AGM  request that their shares be temporarily registered in their own name in the share register kept by Euroclear Sweden AB (so called voting right registration) in order to be entitled to participate at the AGM. The shareholders' register for the AGM  as of the record date Tuesday April 25  2023  will take into account voting right registrations completed no later than Thursday April 27  2023. Shareholders concerned must  in accordance with each nominee's routines  request that the nominee makes such voting right registration well in advance of that date.B. AGENDAProposal for agenda1. Opening of the Meeting.2. Election of Chairman of the Meeting.3. Preparation and approval of the voting list.4. Approval of the agenda.5. Election of one or two person(s) to approve the minutes.6. Determination of compliance with the rules of convocation.7. The President and CEO's report.8. Presentation of(a) the annual report and the auditor's report and the consolidated financial statements and the group auditor's report  and(b) the statement by the auditor on the compliance with the guidelines for remuneration to group management applicable since the last annual general meeting.9. Resolutions on(a) adoption of the statement of income and the balance sheet and the consolidated statement of income and the consolidated balance sheet  in each case as per December 31  2022 (b) appropriation of the company's profit according to the adopted balance sheet (c) record date for dividend  and(d) discharge of the Board members and the President and CEO from liability for the financial year 2022.10. Determination of the number of Board members.11. Determination of fees to Board members and auditor.12. Election of Board members and Chairman of the Board of Directors.13. Election of auditor.14. Resolution on approval of the remuneration report.15. Resolution on implementation of a long-term share-based incentive program  including hedging measures through conclusion of a share swap agreement.16. Resolution on authorization of the Board of Directors to resolve on repurchase and transfer of own shares.17. Closing of the Meeting.Nomination CommitteeAt the annual general meeting 2022  principles for the appointment of the Nomination Committee were adopted  entailing that the Nomination Committee shall be composed of representatives of the four largest shareholders in terms of voting rights registered in the shareholders' register maintained by Euroclear Sweden AB as of August 31 the year before the annual general meeting. In certain cases  the composition of the Nomination Committee shall be changed upon ownership changes that takes place after that date.The Nomination Committee for the AGM consists of the Chairman Elisabet Jamal Bergström (SEB Fonder)  Bernard Horn (Polaris Capital Management)  Jacob Lundgren (Second Swedish National Pension Fund) and Tobias Shute (Paradice Investment Management LLC). The Chairman of the Board of Directors  Alf Göransson  has been co-opted to the Nomination Committee.Election of Chairman of the meeting (item 2 on the agenda)The Nomination Committee has proposed that the Chairman of the Board of Directors  Alf Göransson  is elected as Chairman of the AGM.Resolutions on dividend and record date (items 9(b) and (c) on the agenda)The Board of Directors proposes a dividend of SEK 12 per share.As record date for the dividend  the Board of Directors proposes Monday May 8  2023. Should the AGM resolve in accordance with the proposal  the dividend is expected to be distributed by Euroclear Sweden AB on Thursday May 11  2023.Proposals for election of Board members  Chairman of the Board of Directors and auditor and resolution regarding fees (items 10–13 on the agenda)The Nomination Committee has proposed that the AGM resolves on the following:The number of Board members elected by the AGM shall be seven  with no deputy members. The Nomination Committee proposes re-election of the Board members Alf Göransson  Jeanette Almberg  Lars Blecko  Cecilia Daun Wennborg  Liv Forhaug  Johan Lundberg and Santiago Galaz  all for the period up to and including the annual general meeting 2024  with Alf Göransson as Chairman of the Board of Directors.The reasoned statement of the Nomination Committee is available on the company website  www.loomis.com.Fees to the Board members for the period up to and including the annual general meeting 2024 shall amount to SEK 5 300 000 in total (based on an unchanged number of committee members) to be distributed among the Board members as follows: the Chairman of the Board of Directors shall according to the proposal receive SEK 1 300 000 (1 100 000) and each of the other Board members shall receive SEK 550 000 (470 000). The remuneration for committee work shall amount to SEK 300 000 (250 000) for the Chairman of the Audit Committee  be unchanged and amount to SEK 100 000 for the Chairman of the Remuneration Committee  be unchanged and amount to SEK 125 000 for the members of the Audit Committee and be unchanged and amount to SEK 50 000 for the members of the Remuneration Committee.The accounting firm Deloitte AB is proposed for re-election for a term of one year  in accordance with the recommendation of the Audit Committee. In the event that Deloitte AB is elected  the accounting firm has informed that the authorized public accountant Peter Ekberg will continue as auditor in charge.The auditor's fee is proposed to be paid according to approved invoice.Resolution on implementation of a long-term share-based incentive program  including hedging measures through conclusion of a share swap agreement (item 15 on the agenda)The Board of Directors proposes that the AGM resolves on implementing a new long-term incentive program on the following terms:1. Background and reasonsThe proposal to implement a new long-term incentive program (""LTIP 2023"") for the group management and other key employees  in total approximately 80 persons  is made in light of the Board of Directors' conviction that the proposed program is beneficial to the company's shareholders as it will strengthen the group's ability to retain and recruit top executives and is expected to further increase alignment between the interests of the participants with those of the shareholders and thereby ensure maximum long-term value creation.As with the previously resolved long-term incentive programs LTIP 2018 and LTIP 2021  the Board of Directors proposes that also LTIP 2023 shall be based on the principles that the participants must invest in Loomis shares  or allocate shares already held to the program  and remain in their respective employment in the group during the term of the program. Further  it is proposed that LTIP 2023  as previous programs  shall consist of a performance share plan  however the proposal is also proposed to include a share matching plan. For the performance share plan  it is proposed that a second performance target relating to CO2 emissions reduction is introduced in addition to the target relating to earnings per share. The latter is proposed to be determined yearly during the term of the program.To hedge any delivery of shares to the participants under LTIP 2023  the Board of Directors proposes that Loomis enters into a share swap agreement with a third party.The Board of Directors' intention is to come back with proposals on corresponding incentive programs at future AGMs.2. Terms and conditions for participation and acquisition of Saving SharesParticipation in LTIP 2023 is conditional upon the respective participant undertaking  not later than May 22  2023  to (i) make an own investment in Loomis shares on the stock market and allocate such shares to LTIP 2023  or (ii) allocate shares already held by the participant to LTIP 2023 (provided that such shares have not already been allocated to LTIP 2021) (""Saving Shares"").The value of a participant's Saving Shares  which is to be based on the market price of the Loomis share at the time of the participants' investment  shall correspond to (i) a minimum of 2.5 per cent of the respective participants' gross salary  and (ii) a maximum of 15 per cent for group management and for the other participants 10 per cent of the respective participant's gross salary.The Board of Directors may extend or postpone the period for undertaking to acquire Saving Shares if the participant is in possession of inside information and thus prohibited from making such undertaking within the prescribed time  however not later than to December 31  2023.1. Terms and conditions for Matching Shares and Performance SharesProvided that (i) the participant  with certain exceptions  has remained in his or her employment in the group without intermission until the expiration of the vesting period  which expires on February 28  2026 (the ""Vesting Period"") and (ii) the participant has not sold or otherwise transferred any Saving Shares before the expiration of the Vesting Period  the participant shall  after the expiration of the Vesting Period and free of charge (except for tax liabilities)  be entitled to allotment of (i) one Loomis share for each Saving Share held (""Matching Share"") and (ii) provided that the Performance Targets (as defined below) have been met additional Loomis shares (""Performance Shares"").The Performance Targets that have to be met for allotment of Performance Shares are connected to (i) annual development of earnings per share (the ""EPS Target"")  where one third of the maximum right to allotment of Performance Shares is measured against the outcome for 2023  one third is measured against the outcome for 2024 and one third is measured against the outcome for 2025  and (ii) accumulated CO2 emissions reduction (scope 1 and 2 CO2 emissions combined  with 2019 as the baseline year) (the ""CO2 Target"") (each a ""Performance Target"" and together the ""Performance Targets"")  in both cases during the period January 1  2023–December 31  2025 (the ""Performance Period"").The relative weight between the EPS Target and the CO2 Target being 90 per cent and 10 per cent  respectively  of the maximum right to allotment of Performance Shares.The Performance Targets  as determined by the Board of Directors  will stipulate minimum and maximum levels with respect to each Performance Target. The achievement of the EPS Target shall be determined yearly during the Performance Period  where each year during the Performance Period is compared to the previous year. The achievement of the CO2 Target is determined at one time after the end of the Performance Period for the full Performance Period.If the minimum target level is not met  no allotment of Performance Shares shall be made.If the maximum target level is met or exceeded  full allotment of Performance Shares shall be made  corresponding to: (i) five Performance Shares for each Saving Share held to the CEO  the Regional President Europe  the Regional President USA and the Group CFO  (ii) four Performance Shares for each Saving Share held to the other members of the group management and (iii) three Performance Shares for each Saving Share held for the other participants.If the minimum target level is exceeded but the maximum target level is not met  a linear proportioned allotment of Performance Shares shall be made.Allotment of any Matching Shares and Performance Shares  respectively  will take place after the expiration of the Vesting Period. The final total number of Matching Shares and Performance Shares to be allotted to each participant shall be rounded to the nearest whole number. The Board of Directors intends to present the established Performance Targets in the annual report for the financial year 2025.LTIP 2023 has a maximum limit in terms of profit for the participants  entailing that if the volume-weighted average price paid for the Loomis share on Nasdaq Stockholm during a period of five trading days immediately preceding the day of allotment of any Matching Shares and Performance Shares  respectively  exceeds SEK 800 per share  the number of Matching Shares and Performance Shares  respectively  that each participant is entitled to will be reduced taking the maximum limit into account.The participant is not entitled to transfer  pledge or sell the right to obtain Matching Shares and Performance Shares  respectively  or to exercise any shareholders' rights in respect of such shares during the Vesting Period.2. Form and operationThe Board of Directors shall be responsible for the design and administration of LTIP 2023 and for the detailed terms to be applied between Loomis and the participants in the program in accordance with the terms set out in this proposal.The Board of Directors shall be entitled to make such minor adjustments of these terms that may be necessary due to legal or administrative conditions. In some cases  the Board of Directors shall furthermore be entitled to reduce the maximum number of Matching Shares and Performance Shares  respectively  to be allotted or  fully or partly  prematurely terminate LTIP 2023 as well as make local adaptations of the program that may be required in order to implement the program in countries concerned at reasonable administrative costs and contributions  including  among other things  to offer cash settlement.The Board of Directors shall be entitled to resolve on adjusted or changed allotment of Matching Shares and Performance Shares  respectively  (i) for individual participants based on individual circumstances  (ii) if it is otherwise deemed to be suitable or appropriate due to significant changes in Loomis  on the stock market or in the legislation (for example regarding tax) or (iii) if the outcome otherwise is considered unreasonable.The Board of Directors shall be entitled to resolve on adjusted or changed allotment of Matching Shares and Performance Shares  respectively  or to terminate LTIP 2023 should anyone  alone or together with related persons  acquire such number of shares in Loomis  which  pursuant to applicable regulations  would result in an obligation to make a public offer to acquire the remaining shares in Loomis.3. ScopeA total of approximately 80 persons will be offered to participate in LTIP 2023. The maximum number of Saving Shares that each participant is entitled to acquire depends on the market price of the Loomis share at the time of the participants' investments. Assuming that the market price of the Loomis share is SEK 340  LTIP 2023 is  in accordance with the above principles and assumptions  expected to comprise a maximum of 350 000 shares in total  which corresponds to approximately 0.47 per cent of the total number of outstanding shares and votes in Loomis. The number of shares that may be transferred under LTIP 2023 shall be subject to customary recalculation due to any split or reverse share split  bonus issue  preferential issue and/or other similar corporate actions.4. Entering into a share swap agreementIn order to hedge any delivery of Matching Shares and Performance Shares  respectively  the Board of Directors proposes that Loomis enters into a share swap agreement with a third party. The share swap agreement entails that the third party in its own name shall acquire and transfer Loomis shares to participants in the program.5. Costs of LTIP 2023LTIP 2023 will give rise to personnel costs during the Vesting Period  partly in terms of wages and salaries in the accounts  partly in terms of social security contributions. Based on the current market price of the Loomis' share of approximately SEK 340  and assuming an annual increase of the share price of 10 per cent as well as maximum allotment of Matching Shares and Performance Shares  respectively  these costs are estimated to approximately SEK 91m before tax.The cost for the share swap agreement in accordance with section 6 above is estimated to approximately SEK 2m.The costs of LTIP 2023 are expected to have a marginal effect on the Loomis group's key performance indicators.The Board of Directors deems that the positive effects on the result that are expected as a result of the participants' increased share ownership through acquisitions of Saving Shares  which may be further increased through LTIP 2023  outweighs the costs related to the program.6. Preparation of the proposalLTIP 2023 has been initiated by the Board of Directors of Loomis and has been prepared in consultation with external advisors. LTIP 2023 has been processed in the Remuneration Committee and discussed at Board meetings. The Board of Directors has prepared the parameters of the program.The Board of Directors has strived to achieve a distinct connection between the Vesting Period and the three year long Performance Period  which entails that the Vesting Period will be slightly shorter than three years since allocation to LTIP 2023 cannot be made before the AGM.7. Other incentive programs in LoomisAt the time of this proposal  Loomis has one outstanding share related incentive program: LTIP 2021.LTIP 2021 is aimed towards the group management and a number of key employees within Loomis and entails  in the same way as the proposed LTIP 2023  that the respective participant has invested in Loomis shares (saving shares). The participants are thereby entitled to receive performance shares provided  among other things  that the performance target is met. The performance target that needs to be met relates to the accumulated earnings per share during the period January 1  2021–December 31  2023. The Board of Directors has established a minimum target level and a maximum target level relating to the accumulated development of the earnings per share. The achievement of the performance target is to be determined in connection with the release of the full-year report for the financial year 2023.For additional information on LTIP 2021  please refer to the annual report for the financial year 2022  note 7.Proposal for resolution on authorization for the Board of Directors to resolve on repurchase and transfer of own shares (item 16 on the agenda)The Board of Directors proposes that the AGM resolves to authorize the Board of Directors to resolve on acquisition of own shares  on the following terms and conditions:i. acquisition may take place on Nasdaq Stockholm  on one or more occasions prior to the next annual general meeting;ii. acquisition may be made of such number of shares that Loomis' holding of own shares does not at any time exceed one tenth of the total number of shares in the company;iii. acquisition may be made at a price which falls within the prevailing price interval registered at each point in time (i.e. in the interval between the highest purchase price and the lowest selling price); andiv. payment of acquired shares shall be made in cash.Furthermore  the Board of Directors proposes that the AGM resolves to authorize the Board of Directors to resolve on transfer of own shares  with or without deviation from the shareholders' preferential rights  on the following terms and conditions:i. transfer may take place on Nasdaq Stockholm and/or outside of Nasdaq Stockholm in connection with acquisition of companies or businesses  on one or more occasions prior to the next annual general meeting;ii. transfer may be made up to such number of shares that are held by Loomis at the time of the Board of Directors' resolution on the transfer; andiii. transfer of shares on Nasdaq Stockholm shall be made at a price which falls within the prevailing price interval registered at each point in time. For transfers outside of Nasdaq Stockholm  payment may be made in cash  non-cash consideration or through set-off and the price is to be determined so that the transfer takes place on market terms.The purpose of the proposed authorization  and the reason for the deviation from the shareholders' preferential rights as regards the transfer of own shares  is to enable the Board of Directors to continuously adapt Loomis' capital structure to the company's capital requirements and to enable financing of acquisitions by using own shares.The Board of Directors has presented a reasoned statement in accordance with Chapter 19  Section 22 of the Swedish Companies Act.The Board of Directors shall be entitled to resolve on the other terms and conditions for repurchase and transfer of own shares. The Chairman of the Board of Directors  or the person appointed by the Chairman of the Board of Directors  is authorized to make such minor adjustments in the above proposal that may prove to be necessary in connection with execution of the Board of Directors' resolution on repurchase and transfer of own shares.C. AVAILABLE DOCUMENTATION ETC.The Nomination Committee's reasoned statement ahead of the AGM is available on the company's website  www.loomis.com. The statement is also sent to shareholders who request it and state their postal address. Otherwise  complete proposals are set out under the respective items in the notice.The annual report and the auditor's report  the remuneration report  the Board of Directors' statement according to Chapter 18  Section 4 and Chapter 19  Section 22  respectively  of the Swedish Companies Act and the statement by the auditor on the compliance of the guidelines for remuneration to group management applicable since the last annual general meeting will be available at the company (Drottninggatan 82  4th floor  SE-111 36 Stockholm  Sweden) and on the company's website  www.loomis.com  no later than as from Thursday April 13  2023  and copies of the documentation will also be sent to the shareholders who so request and state their postal address.D. NUMBER OF SHARES AND VOTES IN THE COMPANYAt the time of issue of this notice  the total number of shares and votes in the company amounts to 75 279 829. The company holds 4 197 782 treasury shares.E. SPECIAL MAJORITY REQUIREMENTSResolutions in accordance with the Board of Directors' proposal under item 16 above require the support of shareholders representing at least two thirds of both the votes cast and the shares represented at the AGM.F. SHAREHOLDERS' RIGHT TO REQUEST INFORMATIONThe Board of Directors and the President and CEO shall  if any shareholder so requests and if the Board of Directors considers that it can be done without significant harm for the company  give information on circumstances that can affect the judgement of an item on the agenda  circumstances that can affect the assessment of the company's or its subsidiaries' financial situation and the consolidated financial statements  as well as the company's relation to other companies within the group.G. PROCESSING OF PERSONAL DATAFor information about the processing of your personal data  see the privacy policy available on the company's website  www.loomis.com.* * *Stockholm in March 2023The Board of DirectorsLoomis AB (publ)This press release is also available on the company's website  www.loomis.comMarch 29  2023CONTACT:Jenny BoströmHead of Investor RelationsMobile: +46 79 006 45 92Email: jenny.bostrom@loomis.comThe following files are available for download:https://mb.cision.com/Main/51/3742585/1949888.pdf Notice to Annual General Meeting of shareholders in Loomis ABView original content: https://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/notice-to-annual-general-meeting-of-shareholders-in-loomis-ab-301784325.htmlSOURCE Loomis AB",neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,neutral,0.04,0.96,0.01,True,English,"['Annual General Meeting', 'Loomis AB', 'Notice', 'shareholders', 'Second Swedish National Pension Fund', 'Chairman Elisabet Jamal Bergström', 'long-term share-based incentive program', 'Paradice Investment Management LLC', 'last annual general meeting', 'P.O. Box', 'Alf Göransson', 'Euroclear Sweden AB', 'Polaris Capital Management', 'voting right registrations', 'share swap agreement', 'consolidated financial statements', 'personal identity number', 'corporate identity number', 'two person(s', 'four largest shareholders', 'Stockholm Concert Hall', 'other authorization documents', 'consolidated balance sheet', 'Nominee registered shares', 'Swedish original', 'Swedish text', 'voting list', 'financial year', 'voting rights', 'annual report', 'share register', 'Loomis AB', 'other nominee', 'N.B.', 'unofficial translation', 'English translation', 'Thursday May', 'Grünewaldsalen', 'entrance Kungsgatan', 'Tuesday April', 'Thursday April', 'legal entity', 'corresponding document', 'consolidated statement', 'Nomination Committee', 'ownership changes', 'SEB Fonder', 'Bernard Horn', 'Jacob Lundgren', 'Tobias Shute', ""shareholders' register"", 'Board members', 'A. NOTICE', 'telephone number', 'dated power', 'record date', 'The President', 'company website', 'proxy form', 'B. AGENDA', 'group auditor', 'remuneration report', 'case', 'discrepancies', 'March', 'PRNewswire', 'Reg.', 'AGM', 'CEST', 'ATTENDANCE', 'presentation', 'circumstances', 'intention', 'post', 'name', 'address', 'representative', 'written', 'attorney', 'certificate', 'order', 'bank', 'addition', 'participation', 'account', 'accordance', 'routines', 'advance', 'Proposal', 'Opening', 'Election', 'Preparation', 'approval', 'minutes', 'Determination', 'compliance', 'rules', 'convocation', 'CEO', 'guidelines', 'Resolutions', 'adoption', 'income', 'December', 'appropriation', 'profit', 'discharge', 'liability', 'fees', 'Directors', 'implementation', 'measures', 'conclusion', 'repurchase', 'transfer', 'Closing', 'principles', 'appointment', 'terms', 'August', 'composition', 'place', '5', '4.30', '8.']",2023-03-29,2023-03-30,marketscreener.com
21618,Euroclear,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2023/03/29/2636840/0/en/DECISIONS-OF-RAPALA-VMC-CORPORATION-S-ANNUAL-GENERAL-MEETING-AND-ORGANISING-MEETING-OF-THE-BOARD-OF-DIRECTORS.html,DECISIONS OF RAPALA VMC CORPORATION’S ANNUAL GENERAL MEETING AND ORGANISING MEETING OF THE BOARD OF DIRECTORS,RAPALA VMC CORPORATION  Decisions of general meeting  March 29  2023 at 5:00 p.m. EET                  The Annual General Meeting (AGM) of Rapala VMC......,English FinnishRAPALA VMC CORPORATION  Decisions of general meeting  March 29  2023 at 5:00 p.m. EETThe Annual General Meeting (AGM) of Rapala VMC Corporation has on 29 March 2023 adopted the financial statement of the financial year 2022 and discharged the members of the Board of Directors and the CEO from liability for the financial year that ended on 31 December 2022. The AGM approved the remuneration report for governing bodies for the financial year 2022.The AGM approved the Board of Director’s proposal that a dividend of EUR 0.04 per share is paid based on the adopted balance sheet for the financial year 2022. The dividend shall be paid to shareholders who on the dividend record date 31 March 2023 are registered in the Company’s shareholders’ register held by Euroclear Finland Ltd. The dividend shall be paid on 7 July 2023.The AGM approved that the Board of Directors consists of six members. Jorma Kasslin  Emmanuel Viellard  Julia Aubertin  Louis d’Alançon and Vesa Luhtanen were re-elected as members of the Board of Directors and Alexander Rosenlew was elected as new member. The AGM resolved that the annual fee paid to each Board member is EUR 30 000 and EUR 80 000 to the Chairman of the Board. Board members are paid EUR 1 000 per meeting for attendance at meetings of the Board and its committee.In its organising meeting  the Board elected Louis d’Alançon as Chairman of the Board.Authorised Public Accountants Firm Ernst & Young Oy was re-elected as the Company’s auditor.The AGM authorised the Board of Directors to resolve in accordance with the proposal of the Board of Directors on the issuance of a maximum of 3 900 000 shares through a share issue or by issuing options and other special rights entitling to shares pursuant to chapter 10  section 1 of the Finnish Limited Liability Companies Act in one or several tranches. The proposed maximum number of shares corresponds to 10% of all shares in the Company. The authorisation can also be used for incentive arrangements for the Company’s management and key persons  however  no more than 900 000 shares in total may be granted for this purpose. The authorisation covers both the issuance of new shares and the transfer of treasury shares held by the Company  and the issuance may be carried out with or without payment. Under the authorisation  the Board of Directors may issue shares or options and other special rights entitling to shares also otherwise than in proportion to the shareholdings of the shareholders (directed share issue). The Board of Directors is entitled to resolve on all terms and conditions of share issues and the issue of option rights and other special rights entitling to shares. The authorisation is valid until 29 September 2024.The AGM authorised the Board of Directors to resolve in accordance with the proposal of the Board of Directors to repurchase a maximum of 2 000 000 the Company’s own shares by using the Company’s unrestricted equity in one or several tranches. The proposed maximum number of shares corresponds to approximately 5.13% of the Company’s total number of shares. The shares may be repurchased for developing the Company’s capital structure  for financing or carrying out potential corporate acquisitions or other business arrangements  to be used as a part of the Company’s remuneration or incentive plan or to be otherwise transferred further or cancelled  for example. The shares may be repurchased otherwise than in proportion to the existing shareholdings of the Company as directed repurchases at the market price of the shares quoted on the trading venues where the Company’s shares are traded or at the price otherwise established on the market at the time of the repurchase. The authorisation is valid until 29 September 2024.The AGM also decided to amend the Company’s Articles of Association in accordance with the proposal of the Board of Directors by amending Article 9 concerning the notice and place of general meetings so that the provision on publishing the notice of general meetings in a national newspaper is removed and so that the Article allows for the general meetings to be held completely without a meeting venue as a remote meeting. In addition  the AGM decided to add a provision on advance registration for the shareholders’ meeting to Article 9 of the Articles of Association.Helsinki  29 March 2023RAPALA VMC CORPORATIONLouis d’AlançonChairman of the Board and Chief Executive OfficerFor further information  please contact:Tuomo Leino  Investor Relations  tel. +358 9 7562 540Distribution: Nasdaq Helsinki and main mediaAbout Rapala VMC CorporationRapala VMC group is the world’s leading fishing tackle company and the global market leader in fishing lures  treble hooks and fishing related knives and tools. Group has a strong global position also in other fishing categories and Rapala VMC’s distribution network is largest in the fishing industry. The main manufacturing facilities are in Finland  France  Estonia  and the UK. Rapala VMC group’s brand portfolio includes the leading brand in the industry  Rapala  and other global brands like VMC  Sufix  Storm  Blue Fox  Luhr Jensen  Williamson  Dynamite Baits  Mora Ice  StrikeMaster  Marttiini  Peltonen and 13 Fishing outside of the USA as well as Okuma in Europe. Group  with net sales of EUR 274 million in 2022  employs some 1 500 people in approximately 40 countries. Rapala VMC Corporation’s share is listed and traded on the Nasdaq Helsinki stock exchange since 1998.,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,neutral,0.01,0.98,0.0,True,English,"['RAPALA VMC CORPORATION', 'ANNUAL GENERAL MEETING', 'ORGANISING MEETING', 'DECISIONS', 'THE', 'BOARD', 'DIRECTORS', 'Finnish Limited Liability Companies Act', 'Authorised Public Accountants Firm', 'Louis d’Alançon', 'leading fishing tackle company', 'The Annual General Meeting', 'potential corporate acquisitions', 'Chief Executive Officer', 'strong global position', 'fishing related knives', 'other fishing categories', 'other special rights', 'RAPALA VMC CORPORATION', 'other business arrangements', 'main manufacturing facilities', 'Rapala VMC group', 'Euroclear Finland Ltd', 'global market leader', 'English Finnish', 'annual fee', 'leading brand', 'fishing lures', 'option rights', 'incentive arrangements', 'main media', 'fishing industry', 'general meetings', 'organising meeting', 'meeting venue', 'remote meeting', 'financial statement', 'financial year', 'governing bodies', 'balance sheet', 'record date', 'Jorma Kasslin', 'Emmanuel Viellard', 'Julia Aubertin', 'Vesa Luhtanen', 'Alexander Rosenlew', 'new member', 'Young Oy', 'several tranches', 'key persons', 'unrestricted equity', 'capital structure', 'incentive plan', 'trading venues', 'national newspaper', 'advance registration', 'Tuomo Leino', 'Investor Relations', 'treble hooks', 'brand portfolio', 'The AGM', 'share issues', 'shareholders’ meeting', 'remuneration report', 'shareholders’ register', 'six members', 'maximum number', 'total number', 'existing shareholdings', 'market price', 'Nasdaq Helsinki', 'distribution network', 'new shares', 'treasury shares', 'Board member', '3,900,000 shares', 'Decisions', 'March', 'Directors', 'CEO', '31 December', 'proposal', '7 July', 'Chairman', 'attendance', 'committee', 'Ernst', 'auditor', 'accordance', 'issuance', 'options', 'chapter', 'section', 'one', 'authorisation', 'management', 'purpose', 'transfer', 'payment', 'proportion', 'terms', 'conditions', '29 September', 'financing', 'part', 'example', 'repurchases', 'time', 'Articles', 'Association', 'notice', 'place', 'provision', 'addition', 'information', 'tel', 'world', 'tools', 'France', 'Estonia', 'UK', '5:00']",2023-03-29,2023-03-30,globenewswire.com
21619,Euroclear,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/RAPALA-VMC-CORPORATION-1412525/news/DECISIONS-OF-RAPALA-VMC-CORPORATION-S-ANNUAL-GENERAL-MEETING-AND-ORGANISING-MEETING-OF-THE-BOARD-OF-43370098/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230329,DECISIONS OF RAPALA VMC CORPORATION'S ANNUAL GENERAL MEETING AND ORGANISING MEETING OF THE BOARD OF DIRECTORS,(marketscreener.com)  RAPALA VMC CORPORATION  Decisions of general meeting  March 29  2023 at 5:00 p.m. EET The Annual General Meeting of Rapala VMC Corporation has on 29 March 2023 adopted the financial statement of the financial year 2022 and discharged th…,RAPALA VMC CORPORATION  Decisions of general meeting  March 29  2023 at 5:00 p.m. EETThe Annual General Meeting (AGM) of Rapala VMC Corporation has on 29 March 2023 adopted the financial statement of the financial year 2022 and discharged the members of the Board of Directors and the CEO from liability for the financial year that ended on 31 December 2022. The AGM approved the remuneration report for governing bodies for the financial year 2022.The AGM approved the Board of Director’s proposal that a dividend of EUR 0.04 per share is paid based on the adopted balance sheet for the financial year 2022. The dividend shall be paid to shareholders who on the dividend record date 31 March 2023 are registered in the Company’s shareholders’ register held by Euroclear Finland Ltd. The dividend shall be paid on 7 July 2023.The AGM approved that the Board of Directors consists of six members. Jorma Kasslin  Emmanuel Viellard  Julia Aubertin  Louis d’Alançon and Vesa Luhtanen were re-elected as members of the Board of Directors and Alexander Rosenlew was elected as new member. The AGM resolved that the annual fee paid to each Board member is EUR 30 000 and EUR 80 000 to the Chairman of the Board. Board members are paid EUR 1 000 per meeting for attendance at meetings of the Board and its committee.In its organising meeting  the Board elected Louis d’Alançon as Chairman of the Board.Authorised Public Accountants Firm Ernst & Young Oy was re-elected as the Company’s auditor.The AGM authorised the Board of Directors to resolve in accordance with the proposal of the Board of Directors on the issuance of a maximum of 3 900 000 shares through a share issue or by issuing options and other special rights entitling to shares pursuant to chapter 10  section 1 of the Finnish Limited Liability Companies Act in one or several tranches. The proposed maximum number of shares corresponds to 10% of all shares in the Company. The authorisation can also be used for incentive arrangements for the Company’s management and key persons  however  no more than 900 000 shares in total may be granted for this purpose. The authorisation covers both the issuance of new shares and the transfer of treasury shares held by the Company  and the issuance may be carried out with or without payment. Under the authorisation  the Board of Directors may issue shares or options and other special rights entitling to shares also otherwise than in proportion to the shareholdings of the shareholders (directed share issue). The Board of Directors is entitled to resolve on all terms and conditions of share issues and the issue of option rights and other special rights entitling to shares. The authorisation is valid until 29 September 2024.The AGM authorised the Board of Directors to resolve in accordance with the proposal of the Board of Directors to repurchase a maximum of 2 000 000 the Company’s own shares by using the Company’s unrestricted equity in one or several tranches. The proposed maximum number of shares corresponds to approximately 5.13% of the Company’s total number of shares. The shares may be repurchased for developing the Company’s capital structure  for financing or carrying out potential corporate acquisitions or other business arrangements  to be used as a part of the Company’s remuneration or incentive plan or to be otherwise transferred further or cancelled  for example. The shares may be repurchased otherwise than in proportion to the existing shareholdings of the Company as directed repurchases at the market price of the shares quoted on the trading venues where the Company’s shares are traded or at the price otherwise established on the market at the time of the repurchase. The authorisation is valid until 29 September 2024.The AGM also decided to amend the Company’s Articles of Association in accordance with the proposal of the Board of Directors by amending Article 9 concerning the notice and place of general meetings so that the provision on publishing the notice of general meetings in a national newspaper is removed and so that the Article allows for the general meetings to be held completely without a meeting venue as a remote meeting. In addition  the AGM decided to add a provision on advance registration for the shareholders’ meeting to Article 9 of the Articles of Association.Helsinki  29 March 2023RAPALA VMC CORPORATIONLouis d’AlançonChairman of the Board and Chief Executive OfficerFor further information  please contact:Tuomo Leino  Investor Relations  tel. +358 9 7562 540Distribution: Nasdaq Helsinki and main mediaAbout Rapala VMC CorporationRapala VMC group is the world’s leading fishing tackle company and the global market leader in fishing lures  treble hooks and fishing related knives and tools. Group has a strong global position also in other fishing categories and Rapala VMC’s distribution network is largest in the fishing industry. The main manufacturing facilities are in Finland  France  Estonia  and the UK. Rapala VMC group’s brand portfolio includes the leading brand in the industry  Rapala  and other global brands like VMC  Sufix  Storm  Blue Fox  Luhr Jensen  Williamson  Dynamite Baits  Mora Ice  StrikeMaster  Marttiini  Peltonen and 13 Fishing outside of the USA as well as Okuma in Europe. Group  with net sales of EUR 274 million in 2022  employs some 1 500 people in approximately 40 countries. Rapala VMC Corporation’s share is listed and traded on the Nasdaq Helsinki stock exchange since 1998.,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,True,English,"['RAPALA VMC CORPORATION', 'ANNUAL GENERAL MEETING', 'ORGANISING MEETING', 'DECISIONS', 'THE', 'BOARD', 'DIRECTORS', 'Finnish Limited Liability Companies Act', 'Authorised Public Accountants Firm', 'Louis d’Alançon', 'leading fishing tackle company', 'The Annual General Meeting', 'potential corporate acquisitions', 'Chief Executive Officer', 'strong global position', 'fishing related knives', 'main manufacturing facilities', 'RAPALA VMC CORPORATION', 'other fishing categories', 'other special rights', 'other business arrangements', 'Euroclear Finland Ltd', 'global market leader', 'Rapala VMC group', 'annual fee', 'leading brand', 'fishing lures', 'option rights', 'incentive arrangements', 'main media', 'fishing industry', 'general meetings', 'organising meeting', 'meeting venue', 'remote meeting', 'financial statement', 'financial year', 'governing bodies', 'balance sheet', 'record date', 'Jorma Kasslin', 'Emmanuel Viellard', 'Julia Aubertin', 'Vesa Luhtanen', 'Alexander Rosenlew', 'new member', 'Young Oy', 'several tranches', 'key persons', 'unrestricted equity', 'capital structure', 'incentive plan', 'trading venues', 'national newspaper', 'advance registration', 'Tuomo Leino', 'Investor Relations', 'treble hooks', 'brand portfolio', 'The AGM', 'share issues', 'shareholders’ meeting', 'remuneration report', 'shareholders’ register', 'six members', 'maximum number', 'total number', 'existing shareholdings', 'market price', 'Nasdaq Helsinki', 'distribution network', 'new shares', 'treasury shares', 'Board member', '3,900,000 shares', 'Decisions', 'March', 'Directors', 'CEO', '31 December', 'proposal', '7 July', 'Chairman', 'attendance', 'committee', 'Ernst', 'auditor', 'accordance', 'issuance', 'options', 'chapter', 'section', 'one', 'authorisation', 'management', 'purpose', 'transfer', 'payment', 'proportion', 'terms', 'conditions', '29 September', 'financing', 'part', 'example', 'repurchases', 'time', 'Articles', 'Association', 'notice', 'place', 'provision', 'addition', 'information', 'tel', 'world', 'tools', 'France', 'Estonia', 'UK', '5:00']",2023-03-29,2023-03-30,marketscreener.com
21620,Euroclear,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/IRISITY-AB-PUBL-39435363/news/Irisity-AGM-2023-Notice-43364907/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230329,Irisity : AGM 2023 Notice,(marketscreener.com)   N.B. This is an unofficial translation of the Swedish original wording. In case of differences between the English translation and the Swedish original  the Swedish text shall prevail.   NOTICE TO ATTEND THE ANNUAL GENERAL MEETING …,"N.B. This is an unofficial translation of the Swedish original wording. In case of differences between the English translation and the Swedish original  the Swedish text shall prevail.NOTICE TO ATTEND THE ANNUAL GENERAL MEETING INIRISITY AB (PUBL)Irisity AB (publ)  Reg. No. 556705-4571  with its registered office in Gothenburg  gives notice of the annual general meeting to be held on 27 April 2023 at 3:00 p.m. at Radisson Blu Lindholmen  Lindholmspiren 4  Gothenburg. Registration starts at 2:30 p.m.RIGHT TO PARTICIPATE IN THE ANNUAL GENERAL MEETING AND NOTICE OF PARTICIPATIONParticipation in the annual general meeting at the venueA shareholder who wishes to participate in the annual general meeting at the venue in person or represented by a proxy must (i) be recorded as a shareholder in the share register maintained by Euroclear Sweden AB relating to the circumstances on 19 April 2023  and (ii) no later than 21 April 2023 give notice by post to Irisity AB (publ)  ""AGM 2023""  c/o Advokatfirman Vinge KB  Box 11025  SE-404 21 Gothenburg  Sweden or via e-mail toirisity@vinge.se.When providing such notice  the shareholder shall state name  personal or corporate registration number  address  telephone number and the number of any accompanying assistant(s) (maximum two assistants) as well as information about any proxy.If a shareholder is represented by proxy  a written  dated proxy for the representative must be issued. A proxy form is available on the company's website www.irisity.com.If the proxy is issued by a legal entity  a certificate of registration or equivalent certificate of authority should be enclosed. To facilitate the registration at the general meeting  the proxy and the certificate of registration or equivalent certificate of authority should be sent to the company as set out above so that it is received no later than 26 April 2023.Participation by advance votingA shareholder who wishes to participate in the annual general meeting by advance voting must (i) be recorded as a shareholder in the share register maintained by Euroclear Sweden AB relating to the circumstances on 19 April 2023  and (ii) give notice no later than 21 April 2023  by casting its advance vote in accordance with the instructions below so that the advance vote is received by the company no later than on that day.Irisity AB (publ)Lindholmspiren 7  SE- 417 56 Gothenburg  Swedenwww.irisity.comSecurity Beyond Human IntelligenceA shareholder who wishes to participate in the annual general meeting at the venue in person or represented by a proxy must give notice thereof in accordance with what is set out under Participation in the annual general meeting at the venue above. This means that a notification by advance vote is not sufficient for a person who wishes to participate at the venue.A special form shall be used when advance voting. The advance voting form is available on the company's websitewww.irisity.com.A completed and signed form may be submitted by post to Irisity AB (publ)  ""AGM 2023""  c/o Advokatfirman Vinge KB  Box 11025  SE-404 21 Gothenburg  Sweden  or via e-mail toirisity@vinge.se.The completed form shall be received by the company no later than 21 April 2023. The shareholder may not provide special instructions or conditions in the voting form. If so  the vote (i.e. the advance vote in its entirety) is invalid. Further instructions and conditions are included in the form for advance voting.If a shareholder votes by proxy  a written and dated proxy shall be enclosed to the advance voting form. A proxy form is available on the company's websitewww.irisity.com.If the shareholder is a legal entity  a certificate of registration or equivalent certificate of authority should be enclosed. If a shareholder has voted in advance and then attends the annual general meeting in person or through a proxy  the advance vote is still valid except to the extent the shareholder participates in a voting procedure at the general meeting or otherwise withdraws its casted advance vote. If the shareholder chooses to participate in a voting at the general meeting  the vote cast will replace the advance vote with regard to the relevant item on the agenda.NOMINEE-REGISTERED SHARESTo be entitled to participate in the annual general meeting  a shareholder whose shares are held in the name of a nominee must  in addition to providing notification of participation  register its shares in its own name so that the shareholder is recorded in the share register relating to the circumstances on 19 April 2023. Such registration may be temporary (so-called voting right registration) and is requested from the nominee in accordance with the nominee's procedures and in such time in advance as the nominee determines. Voting right registrations completed by the nominee not later than 21 April 2023 are taken into account when preparing the share register.PROPOSED AGENDA1. Opening of the annual general meeting.2. Election of chairman at the annual general meeting.3. Preparation and approval of the voting list.4. Approval of the agenda.5. Election of one or two persons to approve the minutes.6. Determination as to whether the annual general meeting has been duly convened.7. Submission of the annual report and the auditors' report and the consolidated financial statements and the auditors' report for the group. In connection thereto  a presentation by the CEO.8. Resolution regardingIrisity AB (publ)Lindholmspiren 7  SE- 417 56 Gothenburg  Swedenwww.irisity.comSecurity Beyond Human IntelligencePress release 2023-03-27 a. adoption of the income statement and the balance sheet and the consolidated income statement and the consolidated balance sheet b. allocation of the company's profits or losses in accordance with the adopted balance sheet c. discharge of the members of the board of directors and the CEO from liability. 1. Lennart Svantesson (board member) 2. Anna Ahlberg (board member) 3. Nils Malmros (board member) 4. Anders Långsved (board member) 5. Dorian Barak (board member) 6. Rom Mendel (board member) 7. Johan Zetterström (board member  resigned 2022-05-25) 8. Marcus Bäcklund (CEO)9. Determination of the number of members of the board of directors  deputies  auditors  and deputy auditors.10. Election of members of the board of directors. The Nomination Committee's proposal: a. Lennart Svantesson (re-election) b. Anna Ahlberg (re-election) c. Nils Malmros (re-election) d. Anders Långsved (re-election) e. Dorian Barak (re-election) f. Rom Mendel (re-election) g. Ulf Runmarker (new election)11. Election of the chairman of the board of directors. The Nomination Committee's proposal: a. Lennart Svantesson (re-election)12. Election of auditor.13. Determination of fees for the board of directors and auditor.14. Resolution regarding approval of the board of directors' resolution on directed issue of new shares.15. Closing of the annual general meeting.THE NOMINATION COMMITTEE'S PROPOSALS UNDER ITEMS 2  9  10  11  12 AND 13The Nomination Committee  consisting of Ulf Runmarker (appointed by Aktiebolaget Westergyllen)  Håkan Krook (appointed by Chalmers Innovation Seed Fund AB) and Christian Andersson (appointed by Hans Andersson Holding AB) has submitted the following proposals.Item 2 - Election of chairman of the annual general meetingThe Nomination Committee proposes that Lennart Svantesson is appointed chairman at the annual general meeting.Item 9 - Determination of the number of members of the board of directors  deputies  auditors  and deputy auditorsThe Nomination Committee proposes that the board of directors shall consist of seven (7) ordinary members without deputies.Irisity AB (publ)Lindholmspiren 7  SE- 417 56 Gothenburg  Swedenwww.irisity.comSecurity Beyond Human IntelligenceThe Nomination Committee proposes that a registered accounting firm is to be appointed as auditor.Item 10 - Election of members of the board of directorsThe Nomination Committee proposes that Lennart Svantesson  Anna Ahlberg  Nils Malmros  Anders Långsved  Dorian Barak and Rom Mendel are re-elected  and new election of Ulf Runmarker  as members of the board of directors. All elections for the period until the end of the next annual general meeting.Information regarding the proposed new board member Ulf Runmarker  born 1958Background: Ulf has a background in the real estate business where he has been operating the family's real estate company. He has  in-house  carried out a number of larger construction projects. Further  he has invested in a number of smaller growth companies where he has regularly been active on the board of directors. Ulf is dedicated to his investments and his various board assignments.Shareholding in Irisity AB: 5 100 000 shares through Aktiebolaget Westergyllen  Förvaltningsaktiebolaget Brunnen  and through private holding of shares.Ulf Runmarker is independent in relation to the company and its management but not in relation to major shareholders.Further information about the proposed new board member may be found on the company's website www.irisity.com.Item 11 - Election of the chairman of the board of directorsThe nomination committee proposes that Lennart Svantesson be re-elected as chairman of the board of directors.Item 12 - Election of auditorThe Nomination Committee proposes that  for the period until the end of the next annual general meeting  the registered accounting firm Ernst & Young AB be re-elected as auditor. In the event that Ernst & Young AB is re-elected  the Nomination Committee notes that Ernst & Young AB has informed that public accountant Linda Sallander will be appointed as auditor in charge.Item 13 - Determination of fees for the board of directors and auditorAmount from previous year in () for comparisonThe Nomination Committee proposes that remuneration to the board of directors shall be paid with SEK 360 000 (360 000) to the chairman of the board of directors  and SEK 180 000 (180 000) to each of the other members of the board of directors.The Nomination Committee proposes that the fee to the auditor shall be paid in accordance with approved statement of costs.Irisity AB (publ)Lindholmspiren 7  SE- 417 56 Gothenburg  Swedenwww.irisity.comSecurity Beyond Human IntelligenceTHE BOARD OF DIRECTORS' PROPOSALS UNDER ITEMS 8B AND 14Item 8B - Resolution regarding allocation of the company's profits or losses in accordance with the adopted balance sheetThe board of directors proposes that the funds at the annual general meetings' disposal of SEK 667 123 628 shall be carried forward. No dividend shall be paid.Item 14 - Resolution on approval of the board of directors' resolution on directed issue of new sharesThe board of directors proposes that the annual general meeting approves the board of directors' resolution of 27 March 2023  on directed issue of new shares  as set out below.Subject to the approval of the general meeting  the board of directors has resolved to carry out a private placement in respect of not more than 3 127 608 shares  entailing an increase in the share capital of not more than SEK 281 484 72. The resolution is governed by the following terms and conditions.1. The right to subscribe for the new shares shall  with deviation from the shareholders pre-emption rights  only be granted to the company's CEO  Keven Marier.2.The reason for not applying the shareholders' pre-emption rights is that the board of directors of the company is of the opinion that Keven Marier's motivation and commitment as CEO increase if he is offered the opportunity to become a shareholder in the company. Furthermore  the private placement will increase the company's working capital in an expedient and a cost-efficient manner. Overall  it is the board of directors' assessment that the proposed directed share issue will benefit the company's shareholders through an increased share value.3. The subscription for shares shall be made through subscription list not later than 26 June 2023. However  the board of directors shall be entitled to extend the subscription period.4. A subscription price of SEK 5.60 shall be paid for each share. The basis for the subscription price is the market value of the share which has been established following an agreement between the company and Keven Marier taking into consideration that the subscription price is equivalent to the share's average closing price during the 5 trading days preceeding the board of directors' resolution. The part of the subscription price which exceeds the quota value  shall be transferred to the unrestricted premium reserve.5. Payment for the subscribed shares shall be made at subscription. However  the board of directors shall be entitled to prolong the payment period.6. The new shares shall entitle to dividends from and including the first record day for dividends following the registration of the new shares by the Swedish Companies Registration Office and registration in the shareholders' ledger maintained by Euroclear Sweden AB.Irisity AB (publ)Lindholmspiren 7  SE- 417 56 Gothenburg  Swedenwww.irisity.comSecurity Beyond Human Intelligence",neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,mixed,0.49,0.14,0.37,True,English,"['AGM 2023 Notice', 'Irisity', 'Radisson Blu Lindholmen', 'Advokatfirman Vinge KB', 'accompanying assistant(s', 'maximum two assistants', 'ANNUAL GENERAL MEETING', 'Swedish original wording', 'Euroclear Sweden AB', 'corporate registration number', 'advance voting form', 'voting right registration', 'Swedish text', 'voting procedure', 'voting list', 'N.B.', 'unofficial translation', 'English translation', 'registered office', 'share register', 'telephone number', 'legal entity', 'Human Intelligence', 'relevant item', 'right registrations', 'special form', 'completed form', 'IRISITY AB', 'advance vote', 'special instructions', 'Further instructions', 'Such registration', 'equivalent certificate', 'state name', 'NOMINEE-REGISTERED SHARES', 'PROPOSED AGENDA', 'proxy form', 'dated proxy', 'case', 'differences', 'NOTICE', 'PUBL', 'Reg.', 'Gothenburg', '27 April', 'Lindholmspiren', 'PARTICIPATE', 'PARTICIPATION', 'venue', 'shareholder', 'person', 'circumstances', '19 April', '21 April', 'post', 'AGM', 'Box', 'mail', 'address', 'information', 'written', 'representative', 'website', 'authority', '26 April', 'accordance', 'day', 'Swedenwww', 'Security', 'notification', 'conditions', 'entirety', 'extent', 'regard', 'addition', 'procedures', 'time', 'account', 'Opening', 'Election', 'chairman', 'Preparation', 'approval', '3:00', '2:30', '4']",2023-03-29,2023-03-30,marketscreener.com
21621,Euroclear,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/INTERNATIONAL-PETROLEUM-C-42379179/news/International-Petroleum-Notice-of-Meeting-and-Management-Information-Circular-2023-43371704/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230329,International Petroleum : Notice of Meeting and Management Information Circular 2023,(marketscreener.com)   NOTICE OF ANNUAL GENERAL MEETING AND   MANAGEMENT INFORMATION CIRCULAR   relating to the   2023 ANNUAL GENERAL MEETING OF SHAREHOLDERS   TO BE HELD ON MAY 3  2023   March 24  2023    NOTICE OF 2023...https://www.mar…,"NOTICE OF ANNUAL GENERAL MEETING ANDMANAGEMENT INFORMATION CIRCULARrelating to the2023 ANNUAL GENERAL MEETING OF SHAREHOLDERSTO BE HELD ON MAY 3  2023March 24  2023NOTICE OF 2023 ANNUAL GENERAL MEETING OF SHAREHOLDERSMeeting InformationDate: Wednesday  May 3  2023 Time: 8:00 a.m. (Mountain Time) Location: Blake  Cassels and Graydon LLP Suite 3500  855 - 2nd Street S.W Calgary  Alberta T2P 4J8Dear IPC Shareholders NOTICE IS HEREBY GIVEN that the annual general meeting (the ""Meeting"") of the holders of common shares (the ""Shareholders"") of International Petroleum Corporation (""IPC"" or the ""Corporation"") will be held at the offices of Blake  Cassels and Graydon LLP  Suite 3500  855 - 2nd Street S.W.  Calgary  Alberta T2P 4J8 at 8:00 a.m. Mountain time on Wednesday  May 3  2023 for the following purposes: To receive the audited consolidated financial statements of the Corporation for the financial year ended December 31  2022 and accompanying report of the auditor  and the management's discussion and analysis of the Corporation for the year ended December 31  2022; To set the number of directors of the Corporation at six; To elect the six nominees of the Corporation standing for election as directors of the Corporation to hold office until the next annual meeting of Shareholders or until his or her successor is duly elected or appointed; To appoint PricewaterhouseCoopers SA  as the auditor of the Corporation  to hold office until the next annual general meeting of Shareholders and to authorize the directors to fix the auditor's remuneration; and To transact such other business as may properly come before the Meeting or any adjournment(s) or postponement(s) of the Meeting.The details of all matters proposed to be put before Shareholders at the Meeting are set forth in the accompanying Management Information Circular (the ""Information Circular""). At the Meeting  Shareholders will be asked to approve each of the foregoing items.The Corporation is not aware of any items of business to be brought before the Meeting other than those described in the Information Circular and there will be no management presentation on the business and operations of the Corporation at the Meeting.The directors of the Corporation have fixed March 16  2023 as the record date for the Meeting (the ""Record Date""). Only Shareholders of record at the close of business on the Record Date are entitled to vote at the Meeting or any adjournment(s) or postponement(s) of the Meeting.As described in the ""Notice and Access"" notification mailed to Shareholders  the Corporation has opted to deliver its Meeting materials to Shareholders by posting the materials on its website atwww.international-petroleum.comand under the Corporation's profile on SEDAR atwww.sedar.comon March 29  2023. The Meeting materials will be available on the Corporation's website for one full year.Shareholders who wish to receive paper copies of the Meeting materials prior to the Meeting may request copies from the Corporation by telephone at 1-888-689-7842 (toll free in North America) or 1-604-689-7842 or by sending an email toinfo@international-petroleum.comno later than April 21  2023.If you are a registered Shareholder and unable to attend the Meeting in person  please exercise your right to vote by dating  completing  signing and depositing the proxy with Computershare Investor Services Inc.  Proxy Department: (a) by mail using the enclosed return envelope or one addressed to Computershare Investor Services Inc.  Proxy Department  8th Floor  100 University Avenue  Toronto  Ontario  M5J 2Y1; (b) by telephone 1-866-732-VOTE (8683) (c) by facsimile to 1-416-263-9524 or 1-866-249-7775; or (c) through the internet atwww.investorvote.comusing your 15-digit control number found on your proxy. Your proxy must be received by no later than 8:00 a.m. (Mountain time) / 10:00 a.m. (Eastern time) on Monday  May 1  2023 or at least 48 hours (excluding Saturdays  Sundays and holidays) before the time that the Meeting is to be reconvened after any adjournment(s) or postponements(s) of the Meeting. The deadline for the deposit of proxies may be waived or extended by the Chair of the Meeting at the Chair's discretion without notice. If you vote by Telephone or the Internet  DO NOT mail back the proxy.Shareholders who hold common shares through Euroclear Sweden AB  which common shares trade on the NASDAQ Stockholm  are not registered holders of common shares for the purposes of voting at the Meeting and the deadline for voting may be different than as stated above. See ""Advice to Holders of Euroclear Sweden Registered Common Shares"" in the Information Circular.If you are a non-registered Shareholder and received a Notice and Access Notification to Shareholders through an intermediary  such as an investment dealer  brokerage firm  bank  trust company  trustee  custodian  administrator or other nominee  or a clearing agency in which the intermediary participates (each  an ""Intermediary"")  please complete and return the materials in accordance with the instructions provided to you by your Intermediary.If you have any questions about the procedures required to qualify to vote at the Meeting or about obtaining and depositing the proxy  you should contact Computershare Investor Services Inc. by telephone at 1-800-564-6253 (toll free in North America) or by fax at 1-888-453-0330.DATED this 24th day of March  2023 at Vancouver  British Columbia.BY ORDER OF THE BOARD OF DIRECTORS OF INTERNATIONAL PETROLEUM CORPORATIONby: ""Jeffrey Fountain""Jeffrey FountainGeneral Counsel and Corporate SecretaryMANAGEMENT INFORMATION CIRCULARMarch 24  2023This Management Information Circular (the ""Information Circular"") is furnished in connection with the solicitation of proxies by the management of International Petroleum Corporation (""IPC"" or the ""Corporation"") for use at the annual general meeting (the ""Meeting"") of the holders (the ""Shareholders"") of common shares in the capital of the Corporation (the ""Common Shares"") to be held on Wednesday  May 3  2023 at the offices of Blake  Cassels and Graydon LLP  Suite 3500  855 - 2nd Street S.W.  Calgary  Alberta T2P 4J8 at 8:00 a.m. Mountain time for the purposes set out in the accompanying Notice of Meeting. References in this Information Circular to the Meeting include any adjournment(s) or postponement(s) of the Meeting.General InformationExcept as otherwise stated  the information contained herein is given as of March 24  2023. Figures in this Information Circular are either expressed in United States dollars (""US$"") or in Canadian dollars (""C$"")  unless otherwise stated. As at December 31  2022 and March 22  2023 the value of the Canadian dollar  based on the Bank of Canada's daily rate of exchanges  was US$0.7383 and US$0.7293 respectively.Proxies and Voting RightsThe solicitation of proxies is being made on behalf of management. It is expected that solicitations of proxies will be made primarily by mail but proxies may also be solicited by telephone or other personal contact by directors  officers and employees of the Corporation without special compensation. The Corporation may reimburse Shareholders' nominees or agents (including brokers holding shares on behalf of clients) for the costs incurred in obtaining authorization to execute forms of proxies from their principals.Only a Shareholder whose name appears on the certificate(s) representing its Common Shares (a ""Registered Shareholder"") or its duly appointed proxy nominee is permitted to vote at the Meeting. A Shareholder is a non-registered Shareholder (a ""Non-Registered Shareholder"") if its Common Shares are registered in the name of an intermediary  such as an investment dealer  brokerage firm  bank  trust company  trustee  custodian  administrator or other nominee  or a clearing agency in which the intermediary participates (each  an ""Intermediary""). Accordingly  most Shareholders of the Corporation are Non-Registered Shareholders because the Common Shares they own are not registered in their names but are instead registered in the name of the Intermediary through which they own the Common Shares.More particularly  a person is a Non-Registered Shareholder in respect of Common Shares which are held on behalf of that person  but which are registered either: (a) in the name of an Intermediary that the Non-Registered Shareholder deals with in respect of the Common Shares; or (b) in the name of a clearing agency (such as The Canadian Depository for Securities Limited (""CDS"")) of which the Intermediary is a participant. In Canada  the vast majority of securities are registered under the name of CDS  which acts as nominee for many Canadian brokerage firms. Common shares so held by brokers or their nominees can only be voted (for or against resolutions) upon the instructions of the Non-Registered Shareholder. Without specific instructions  Intermediaries are prohibited from voting Common Shares held for Non-Registered Shareholders.These proxy solicitation materials are being retrieved by both Registered Shareholders and Non-Registered Shareholders. If the Corporation or its agent has sent the Notice and Access Notification to Shareholders directly to a Non-Registered Shareholder  such Non-Registered Shareholder's name and address and information about its holdings of Common Shares have been obtained in accordance with the requirements under applicable securities laws from the Intermediary holding the Common Shares on such Non-Registered Shareholder's behalf.Non-Registered Shareholders who have not objected to their Intermediary disclosing certain information about them to the Corporation are referred to as non-objecting beneficial owners (""NOBOs"")  whereas Non-Registered Shareholders who have objected to their Intermediary disclosing ownership information about them to the Corporation are referred to as objecting beneficial owners (""OBOs""). In accordance with National Instrument 54-101 Communication with Beneficial Owners of Securities of a Reporting Issuer (""NI 54-101"")  the Corporation has elected to send the Notice and Access Notification to Shareholders and the related proxy or voting instruction form (collectively  the ""Meeting Materials"") indirectly to the NOBOs and to the OBOs through their Intermediaries.How to VoteShareholders may attend the Meeting in person or may be represented by proxy. Registered Shareholders who are unable to attend the Meeting in person  or any adjournment(s) or postponement(s) of the Meeting are requested to date  complete  sign and deposit the accompanying proxy for use at the Meeting or any adjournment(s) or postponement(s) of the Meeting. To be valid  proxies must be dated  completed  signed and deposited with Computershare Investor Services Inc.  Proxy Department (a) by mail using the enclosed return envelope or one addressed to Computershare Investor Services Inc.  Proxy Department  8th Floor  100 University Avenue  Toronto  Ontario  M5J 2Y1; (b) by telephone 1-866-732-VOTE (8683) (c) by facsimile to 1-(416) 263-9524 or 1-866-249-7775; or (c) through the internet atwww.investorvote.comusing your 15-digit control number found on your proxy. Your proxy must be received by no later than 8:00 a.m. (Mountain time) / 10:00 a.m. (Eastern time) on Monday  May 1  2023 or at least 48 hours (excluding Saturdays  Sundays and holidays) before the time that the Meeting is to be reconvened after any adjournment(s) or postponements(s) of the Meeting. The deadline for the deposit of proxies may be waived or extended by the Chair of the Meeting at the Chair's discretion without notice. If you vote by Telephone or the Internet  DO NOT mail back the proxy.If you are a non-registered Shareholder and received a Notice and Access Notification to Shareholders and voting instruction form through an Intermediary  please follow the instructions provided on your voting instruction form to vote your Common Shares. If you vote by Telephone or the Internet  DO NOT mail back the voting instruction form.Appointment of ProxiesRegistered ShareholdersThe persons named in the accompanying proxy are nominees of the Corporation's management. A Shareholder has the right to appoint a person or company (who need not be a Shareholder) to attend and act for and on the Shareholder's behalf at the Meeting other than the persons designated as proxyholders in the accompanying proxy. To exercise this right  the Shareholder must either:(a) on the accompanying proxy  strike out the printed names of the individuals specified as proxyholders and insert the name of the Shareholder's nominee in the blank space provided; or(b) complete another proper proxy.In either case  to be valid  a proxy must be dated and signed by the Shareholder or by the Shareholder's attorney authorized in writing. In the case of a company  the proxy must be signed by a duly authorized officer of  or attorney for  the company.",neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,neutral,0.02,0.96,0.01,True,English,"['Management Information Circular', 'International Petroleum', 'Notice', 'Meeting', '2nd Street S.W Calgary', '2nd Street S.W.', 'Computershare Investor Services Inc.', 'next annual general meeting', 'accompanying Management Information Circular', 'consolidated financial statements', 'SHAREHOLDERS Meeting Information Date', 'next annual meeting', '2023 ANNUAL GENERAL MEETING', 'one full year', '15-digit control number', 'Euroclear Sweden AB', 'International Petroleum Corporation', 'Graydon LLP Suite', 'Dear IPC Shareholders', 'The Meeting materials', 'accompanying report', 'adjournment(s', 'postponements(s', 'financial year', 'management presentation', 'record date', 'common shares', 'six nominees', 'PricewaterhouseCoopers SA', 'North America', 'return envelope', '8th Floor', '100 University Avenue', 'NASDAQ Stockholm', 'investment dealer', 'brokerage firm', 'trust company', 'other nominee', 'clearing agency', 'The Corporation', 'Mountain Time', 'Eastern time', 'following purposes', 'foregoing items', 'sedar.comon', 'paper copies', 'Proxy Department', 'other business', 'registered Shareholder', 'NOTICE', 'MAY', 'March', 'Wednesday', '8:00 a', 'Location', 'Blake', 'Cassels', 'Alberta', 'offices', 'auditor', 'discussion', 'analysis', 'December', 'directors', 'election', 'successor', 'remuneration', 'details', 'matters', 'operations', 'close', 'Access', 'notification', 'website', 'profile', 'telephone', 'email', 'April', 'person', 'right', 'Toronto', 'Ontario', 'M5J', 'facsimile', 'internet', 'investorvote', '10:00 a', 'Monday', '48 hours', 'Saturdays', 'Sundays', 'holidays', 'deadline', 'deposit', 'proxies', 'Chair', 'discretion', 'voting', 'Advice', 'intermediary', 'bank', 'trustee', 'custodian', 'administrator', 'accordance', 'instructions', '855']",2023-03-29,2023-03-30,marketscreener.com
21622,Euroclear,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/HOWDEN-JOINERY-GROUP-PLC-4002136/news/Howden-Joinery-2023-AGM-Form-of-Proxy-43363765/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230329,Howden Joinery : 2023 AGM Form of Proxy,(marketscreener.com)   Attendance Card   Howden Joinery Group Plc    Company Number: 02128710   The Chairman of the Company invites you to attend the Company's Annual General Meeting    at Freshﬁelds Bruckhaus Deringer LLP  100 Bishopsgate  Lond…,Attendance CardHowden Joinery Group Plc (the 'Company')Company Number: 02128710The Chairman of the Company invites you to attend the Company's Annual General Meeting (the 'AGM')at Freshﬁelds Bruckhaus Deringer LLP  100 Bishopsgate  London  EC2P 2SR  at 11:00am on 4 May 2023Firstname Surname The following Howden Joinery Group Plc member Address Line 1 documentation for the year ended 24 December Address Line 2 2022 is available to view or download on our Address Line 3 website at www.howdenjoinerygroupplc.com: Address Line 4 Address Line 5 PostcodeNotice of Availability • 2022 Annual Report and Accounts • 2023 Notice of Annual General MeetingThe above person (or  in the case of joint holders  any one of them) may attend the AGM (and any adjournment of that meeting).If it is your intention to attend the AGM  please bring this attendance card with you to the meeting - it is evidence that you are entitled to attend the meeting. Please detach and retain this section before posting your Proxy Form.Proxy FormAnnual General Meeting (the 'AGM') of Howden Joinery Group Plc (the 'Company') to be held at 11.00am on Thursday  4 May 2023++5619-0043Voting IDTask IDShareholder Reference NumberI/We being a member/members of the Company HEREBY APPOINT the Chair of the meeting OR the person indicated below:Name (if not appointing the Chair)Number of sharesas my/our proxy to exercise all or any of my/our rights to attend  speak and vote for me/us in respect of my/our entitlement and on my/our behalf at the AGM of the Company and at any adjournment of that meeting. The proxy will vote as indicated (or  if no indication is given as to how the proxy will vote on any particular matter  the proxy will exercise his or her discretion as to whether  and if so how  he or she votes) on resolutions or on any other business which may properly come before the meeting.Please tick here if this proxy appointment is one of multiple appointments being made by the same shareholder (see explanatory notes overleaf).You may return the Proxy Form using the reply paid envelope provided or in an envelope addressed to FREEPOST  RTHJ-CLLL-KBKU  Equiniti  Aspect House  Spencer Road  Lancing  BN99 8LU. Alternatively  you can submit your voting instruction online at www.sharevote.co.uk.DatedSignatureResolutionsOrdinary ResolutionsFORAGAINSTWITHHELD1. To receive the accounts and reports of the directors of the11. To reappoint KPMG LLP as auditor of the Company. Company (the 'Directors' or the 'Board') and the report of the independent auditor.12. To authorise the Directors to determine the auditor's remuneration. 2. To approve the Directors' Remuneration Report as set out in the Report and Accounts for the 52 weeks ended13. To grant authority to make political donations. 24 December 2022. 3. To declare a ﬁnal dividend of 15.9 pence per ordinary share.14. To authorise the Board generally and unconditionally to allot shares pursuant to section 551 of the Companies Act 2006.4. To elect Peter Ventress as a Director of the Company.5. To re-elect Karen Caddick as a Director of the Company. Special Resolutions6. To re-elect Andrew Cripps as a Director of the Company. 15. If resolution 14 is passed  to authorise the Board to allot equity securities (as deﬁned in the Companies Act 2006) for cash.7. To re-elect Louise Fowler as a Director of the Company.8. To re-elect Paul Hayes as a Director of the Company. 16. To authorise the Company generally and unconditionally to make market purchases of its own shares.9. To re-elect Andrew Livingston as a Director of the Company. 17. That a general meeting other than an annual general meeting may be called on not less than 14 clear days' notice.10. To re-elect Debbie White as a Director of the Company.++Explanatory notes relating to the completion of the proxy form1. To be valid  electronic proxy appointments or written proxy appointments using this paper form (together with any authority under which they are signed) must be completed and sent so that they reach the Company's Registrar by 11.00am onTuesday  2 May 2023.2. If you wish to appoint as your proxy someone other than the Chair  you must delete the reference to the Chair of the meeting and insert the name of your chosen proxy in the box on the form. The proxy must attend the meeting in person to represent the member. A proxy need not be a member of the Company. Any amendment to the choice of proxy must be initialled by the signatory. If the proxy is being appointed in relation to part of your holding only  please enter in the box next to the proxy's name the number of shares in relation to which they are authorised to act as your proxy. If this box is left blank  they will be authorised in respect of your full voting entitlement.3. To appoint more than one proxy  (an) additional Proxy Form(s) may be obtained by contacting the Registrar's shareholder helpline on +44 (0) 333 207 6558  or you may photocopy this form. Lines are open 8.30am to 5.30pm  Monday to Friday (excluding UK public holidays). Please indicate in the box next to the proxy holder's name the number of shares in relation to which they are authorised to act as your proxy. No proxy may be authorised to exercise votes which any other proxy has been authorised to exercise. Please also indicate by ticking the box provided if the proxy instruction is one of multiple instructions being given. All forms must be signed and should be returned together in the same envelope.4. Please indicate with an X either under the column 'For' or the column 'Against' how you wish your proxy to vote. If you wish your proxy to abstain from voting you should indicate with an X under the 'Vote Withheld' column. Selecting 'Vote Withheld' is not a vote in law and will not be counted in the calculation of the proportion of the votes 'For' or 'Against' a resolution. The proxy will vote as indicated (or if no indication is given as to how the proxy will vote on any particular matter  the proxy will exercise their discretion as to whether  and if so how  they vote) on resolutions or on any other business which may properly come before the meeting.5. Unless instructed otherwise  the proxy may also vote or abstain from voting as they think ﬁt on any other business that may properly come before the meeting (including amendments to resolutions).6. The form must be signed and dated by the shareholder or his/her attorney duly authorised in writing. In the case of a corporation  this form may be executed by the signature(s) of a duly authorised ofﬁcer or attorney. In the case of joint holders only one need sign. The vote of the senior joint holder who tenders a vote  whether in person or by proxy  will be accepted to the exclusion of the votes of the other joint holders and for this purpose seniority will be determined by the order in which the names stand in the register of members of the Company.7. Completion and return of a Proxy Form will not prevent a shareholder from attending the meeting and voting in person should the shareholder so wish. Alternatively  submit your voting instruction online atwww.sharevote.co.ukor through the CREST electronic proxy appointment service. Please return the Proxy Form to Equiniti  Aspect House  Spencer Road  Lancing BN99 6DA. If a shareholder appoints a proxy and attends the meeting in person  the proxy appointment will be terminated immediately.8. CREST members who wish to appoint a proxy or proxies through the CREST electronic proxy appointment service may do so by using the procedures described in the CREST Manual (available viawww.euroclear.com). CREST Personal Members or other CREST sponsored members  and those CREST members who have appointed a service provider(s)  should refer to their CREST sponsor or voting service provider(s) who will be able to take the appropriate action on their behalf.9. In order for a proxy appointment or instruction made using the CREST service to be valid  the appropriate CREST message (a 'CREST Proxy Instruction') must be properly authenticated in accordance with Euroclear UK & Ireland Limited's speciﬁcation  and must contain the information required for such instruction  as described in the CREST Manual. The message  regardless of whether it constitutes the appointment of a proxy or is an amendment to the instruction given to a previously appointed proxy must  in order to be valid  be transmitted so as to be received by the issuer's agent (ID RA19) by 11.00am on Tuesday  2 May 2023. For this purpose  the time of receipt will be taken to be the time (as determined by the time stamp applied to the message by the CREST Application Host) from which the issuer's agent is able to retrieve the message by enquiry to CREST in the manner prescribed by CREST. After this time  any change of instructions to proxies appointed through CREST should be communicated to the appointee through other means. The Company may treat as invalid a CREST Proxy Instruction in the circumstances set out in Regulation 35(5)(a) of the Uncertiﬁcated Securities Regulations 2001.,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,negative,0.19,0.1,0.71,True,English,"['Howden Joinery', '2023 AGM Form', 'Proxy', 'Howden Joinery Group Plc member Address Line 1 documentation', 'Freshﬁelds Bruckhaus Deringer LLP', 'Voting ID Task ID', 'valid, electronic proxy appointments', 'Proxy Form Annual General Meeting', 'additional Proxy Form(s', 'Annual General MeetingThe', 'UK public holidays', '24 December Address Line', 'full voting entitlement', ""14 clear days' notice"", 'Shareholder Reference Number', 'KPMG LLP', ""Directors' Remuneration Report"", 'voting instruction', '2022 Annual Report', 'multiple appointments', 'paper form', 'Attendance Card', 'EC2P 2SR', 'Firstname Surname', 'joint holders', 'particular matter', 'other business', 'same shareholder', 'explanatory notes', 'Aspect House', 'Spencer Road', 'political donations', 'ﬁnal dividend', 'ordinary share', 'Companies Act', 'Peter Ventress', 'Karen Caddick', 'Andrew Cripps', 'equity securities', 'Louise Fowler', 'Paul Hayes', 'market purchases', 'Andrew Livingston', 'Debbie White', 'one proxy', 'Signature Resolutions', 'Ordinary Resolutions', 'Special Resolutions', 'independent auditor', 'Company Number', '2023 Notice', 'Chairman', 'AGM', '100 Bishopsgate', 'London', '11:00am', '4 May', 'year', 'website', 'Postcode', 'Availability', 'Accounts', 'person', 'case', 'adjournment', 'intention', 'evidence', 'section', '11.00am', 'Thursday', 'member/members', 'shares', 'rights', 'respect', 'behalf', 'indication', 'discretion', 'reply', 'envelope', 'FREEPOST', 'RTHJ-CLLL-KBKU', 'Equiniti', 'Lancing', 'BN99', 'AGAINST', 'reports', 'Board', '52 weeks', 'authority', '15.9 pence', 'cash', 'less', 'completion', 'Registrar', 'Tuesday', '2 May', 'someone', 'box', 'amendment', 'choice', 'signatory', 'relation', 'holding', 'Lines', '5.30pm', 'Monday', 'Friday', '+44']",2023-03-29,2023-03-30,marketscreener.com
21623,Euroclear,NewsApi.org,https://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/notice-to-the-annual-general-meeting-in-hexagon-ab-publ-301784277.html,Notice to the Annual General Meeting in Hexagon AB (publ),The shareholders of Hexagon AB are invited to attend the Annual General Meeting (AGM) to be held at 16:00 CET on Tuesday 2 May 2023  at IVA Conference Center  Grev Turegatan 16  Stockholm. STOCKHOLM  March 29  2023 /PRNewswire/ -- The Board of Directors has  …,"The shareholders of Hexagon AB are invited to attend the Annual General Meeting (AGM) to be held at 16:00 CET on Tuesday 2 May 2023  at IVA Conference Center  Grev Turegatan 16  Stockholm.STOCKHOLM  March 29  2023 /PRNewswire/ -- The Board of Directors has  pursuant to Chapter 7  Section 4 a of the Swedish Companies Act (Sw. aktiebolagslagen) and the company's Articles of Association  decided that shareholders shall be able to exercise their voting rights by postal voting before the General Meeting. Consequently  shareholders may choose to exercise their voting rights at the AGM by attending in person  through a proxy or by postal voting.A. PARTICIPATION IN PERSON OR BY PROXYShareholders who wish to attend the AGM must:firstly   be recorded as shareholders in the share register maintained by Euroclear Sweden AB on Friday 21 April 2023  andsecondly   notify the company of their attendance no later than Tuesday 25 April 2023  according to the instructions below.Notice of attendance to the Annual General Meeting can be given on Hexagon's website  www.hexagon.com  or by post to: Hexagon AB  ""Annual General Meeting""  c/o Euroclear Sweden AB  P.O. Box 191  SE-101 23 Stockholm  Sweden or by phone +46 8-402 92 21  on 25 April 2023 at the latest.When giving notice of attendance  the shareholder must state their name  personal identity number/corporate identity number  address  telephone number (daytime) and shareholding.For shareholders who wish to be represented by a proxy  an original proxy to act on behalf of the shareholder should be attached to the notice of attendance. A proxy form will be available on the company's website www.hexagon.com and will be sent by post to shareholders that contact the company and state their address. Representatives of a legal entity should also send a copy of the registration certificate or similar documentation of authorisation.B. PARTICIPATION BY POSTAL VOTINGShareholders may exercise their voting rights through postal voting. Shareholders who wish to participate in the Annual General Meeting by postal voting must:firstly   be recorded as shareholder in the share register maintained by Euroclear Sweden AB on Friday 21 April 2023  andsecondly   notify the company by submitting a postal vote in accordance with the instructions below  so that the postal vote is received by Euroclear Sweden AB no later than Tuesday 25 April 2023.A special form must be used for the postal vote. The postal voting form is available on the company's website www.hexagon.com. A separate notification to the Annual General Meeting is not required as the postal voting form willbe considered as a notification. Completed and signed postal voting forms can be sent by mail to Hexagon AB  ""Annual General Meeting""  c/o Euroclear Sweden AB  P.O. Box 191  SE-101 23 Stockholm  Sweden  or by e-mail to [email protected]. Completed and signed forms must be received by Euroclear Sweden AB no later than 25 April 2023. Shareholders may also cast their votes electronically through verification with BankID via Euroclear Sweden AB's website https://anmalan.vpc.se/EuroclearProxy  by 25 April 2023 at the latest.Shareholders may not submit special instructions or conditions with the postal vote. In such cases  the entire postal vote will be invalid. Further instructions and conditions can be found in the postal voting form and at https://anmalan.vpc.se/EuroclearProxy.If the shareholder submits the postal vote by proxy  a written and dated power of attorney signed by the shareholder must be attached to the postal voting form. Proxy forms are available on the company's website www.hexagon.com and will be sent on request to shareholders who state their postal address. If the shareholder is a legal person  a registration certificate or other authorization document must be attached to the form.Please note that shareholders who wish to attend the Annual General Meeting in person or by proxy must notify the company in accordance with the instructions under the heading ""Participation in person or by proxy"" above. A notification of participation by postal voting is not sufficient for shareholders who wish to attend the Annual General Meeting in person or by proxy.C. NOMINEE-REGISTERED SHARESTo participate in the AGM  shareholders with nominee-registered shares must – in addition to notification to the company of their attendance or submission of a postal vote – request their bank or broker to have the shares owner-registered with Euroclear Sweden AB  in order for the shareholder to be recorded in the share register. Such re-registration must be made by 21 April 2023 and the nominee should be notified in due time before this date. Re-registration requested by the shareholder in such time that the registration has been completed by the nominee no later than 25 April 2023 will be taken into account in the preparation of the share register.D. AGENDA OF THE ANNUAL GENERAL MEETINGProposal for agenda1. Opening of the Meeting.2. Election of Chairman of the Meeting.3. Preparation and approval of the voting list.4. Approval of the agenda.5. Election of two persons to check the minutes.6. Determination of compliance with the rules of convocation.7. Address by the President.8. Presentation of(a) the annual report and the auditors' report  as well as the consolidated financial report and auditors' report on the consolidated financial report for the financial year 2022 (b) a statement from the company's auditor confirming compliance with the guidelines for the remuneration of senior executives that have applied since the preceding Annual General Meeting  and(c) the proposal of the Board of Directors for the dividend and statement thereon.9. Resolutions concerning(a) adoption of the income statement and balance sheet  and of the consolidated income statement and consolidated balance sheet  all as per 31 December 2022 (b) disposition of the Company's profit as set forth in the balance sheet adopted by the Meeting and the record date for dividend distribution  and(c) discharge of the Board of Directors and the Managing Director from personal liability.10. Determination of the number of members and deputy members of the Board of Directors.11. Determination of the fees to be paid to the board members and auditors.12. Election of board members and auditors.13. Election of members of the Nomination Committee.14. Resolution on approval of remuneration report.15. Resolution on a performance based long term incentive programme(Share Programme 2023/2026)16. Authorization for the Board of Directors on acquisition and transfer of own shares.17. Authorization for the Board of Directors to issue shares  convertibles and/or warrants.18. Closing of the Meeting.Proposals for resolutionsElection of Chairman of the Meeting (item 2)The Nomination Committee elected in anticipation of the 2023 Annual General Meeting  comprising Mikael Ekdahl (Melker Schörling AB)  Jan Dworsky (Swedbank Robur fonder)  Liselott Ledin (Alecta) and Anders Oscarsson (AMF and AMF Fonder) has proposed that Gun Nilsson be elected Chairman of the 2023 Annual General Meeting.Proposal for resolution on dividend (item 9 b)For the financial year 2022  the Board of Directors proposes that a dividend of EUR 0.12 per share be declared. Thursday 4 May 2023 is proposed as the record date for the right to receive dividend. If the Annual General Meeting so resolves  the dividend is expected to be distributed by Euroclear Sweden AB starting on Thursday 11 May 2023. Payment is made in EUR  provided that EUR can be received by the shareholder's yield account; if not  payment will be distributed in SEK  whereby currency exchange is made in accordance with Euroclear Sweden AB's applicable procedures.Proposals regarding election of board members and auditor and fees (items 10-12)The Nomination Committee proposes the following:The number of Board Members shall be seven  without deputies.Directors' fees shall be paid as follows: SEK 2 200 000 to the Chairman of the Board and SEK 690 000 to each of the other Board Members elected by the Annual General Meeting who are not employed by the company. As remuneration for committee work  the chairman of the Remuneration Committee shall receive SEK 85 000 and each member of the Remuneration Committee SEK 60 000 and the chairman of the Audit Committee shall receive SEK 325 000 and member of the Audit Committee SEK 250 000 .to the Chairman of the Board and to each of the other Board Members elected by the Annual General Meeting who are not employed by the company. As remuneration for committee work  the chairman of the Remuneration Committee shall receive and each member of the Remuneration Committee and the chairman of the Audit Committee shall receive and member of the Audit Committee . Re-election of Board Members Ola Rollén  Gun Nilsson  John Brandon   Sofia Schörling Högberg  Märta Schörling Andreen  Brett Watson and Erik Huggers as ordinary Board Members. Ulrika Francke   Henrik Henriksson and Patrick Söderlund have declined re-election.  Sofia Schörling Högberg  Märta Schörling Andreen  and Erik Huggers as ordinary Board Members.   and Patrick Söderlund have declined re-election. New election of Ola Rollén as the Chairman of the Board.Re-election of auditing firm PricewaterhouseCoopers AB as the company's auditor for a period of one year  i.e.  until the end of the Annual General Meeting 2024  in accordance with the recommendation from the Audit Committee  whereby it is noted that the auditing firm has notified that the authorised public accountant Bo Karlsson will be appointed principally responsible auditor.will be appointed principally responsible auditor. Fees to auditor shall be payable according to contract.Proposal for election of members of the Nomination Committee (item 13)Shareholders representing in total approximately 52 per cent of the number of votes in the company recommend that the AGM resolves as follows regarding the Nomination Committee in respect of the AGM 2024:The Nomination Committee shall have four members.Re-election of Mikael Ekdahl (Melker Schörling AB)  Jan Dworsky (Swedbank Robur fonder) and Liselott Ledin (Alecta)  and new election of Brett Watson (Infor) as members of the Nomination Committee in respect of the Annual General Meeting 2024. The Chairman of the Board shall be co-opted to the Nomination Committee.(Melker Schörling AB)  (Swedbank Robur fonder) and (Alecta)  and new election of (Infor) as members of the Nomination Committee in respect of the Annual General Meeting 2024. The Chairman of the Board shall be co-opted to the Nomination Committee. Re-election of Mikael Ekdahl as Chairman of the Nomination Committee.as Chairman of the Nomination Committee. In case a shareholder  whom a member of the Nomination Committee represents  is no longer one of the major shareholders of Hexagon  or if a member of the Nomination Committee is no longer employed by such shareholder  or for any other reason leaves the Committee before the Annual General Meeting 2024  the Committee shall be entitled to appoint another representative among the major shareholders to replace such member.Resolution on approval of remuneration report (item 14)The Board of Directors proposes that the Annual General Meeting resolves to approve the Board of Director's report regarding compensation pursuant to Chapter 8 Section 53 a of the Swedish Companies Act.Proposal for resolution on a performance based long term incentive programme (Share Programme 2023/2026) (item 15)The Board of Directors proposes that the General Meeting resolves on implementation of a performance based long-term share programme for 2023 (""Share Programme 2023/2026"") for the group management  division managers  senior executives and key employees within the Hexagon Group as follows.The rationale for the proposalThe purpose of Share Programme 2023/2026 is to strengthen the Hexagon Group's ability to retain and recruit competent employees  provide competitive remuneration and to align the interests of the shareholders with the interests of the employees concerned. Through a share-based incentive programme  the employees' remuneration is tied to the company's earnings and value growth and creates long-term incentives for the programme participants. In light of the above  the Board of Directors believes that the implementation of Share Programme 2023/2026 may have a positive effect on the long-term value growth of the Group and  consequently  that Share Programme 2023/2026 is beneficial to both the shareholders and the company.Participants in Share Programme 2023/2026 and allocationShare Programme 2023/2026 is proposed to include a maximum of approximately2 000 senior executives and key employees within the Hexagon Group  who are divided into five groups: the President and CEO (""Group 1"")  group management (""Group 2"")  division managers (""Group 3"") and other senior executives and key employees (""Group 4"" and ""Group 5""). Invitation to participate in the programme shall be provided by Hexagon no later than 30 June 2023. Participation in Share Programme 2023/2026 requires that the participant has been employed by the Hexagon Group for at least twelve (12) months prior to the date of the offer.Participants are offered to be allocated performance awards that may entitle to Series B shares according to the conditions set out below. The performance awards shall be based on a maximum value for each participant category. The maximum value for the participants in Group 1 will be 100 per cent of the participant's annual base salary for 2022  for participants in Group 2 50 per cent of the participant's annual base salary for 2022  for participants in Group 3 and Group 4  100 per cent of the participant's annual base salary for 2022  and for participants in Group 5  35 per cent of the participant's annual base salary for 2022. The total sum of the maximum values of the performance awards thus defined for all participants will not exceed EUR 60 million  including social costs.The share price used to calculate the number of shares to which the performance awards entitles will be the volume-weighted average of the market price of Hexagon Series B shares on Nasdaq Stockholm during a period of five (5) trading days before the day the participants are offered to participate in the programme.Performance conditionAllocated performance awards entitle to the receipt of Series B shares in the company provided that the performance condition related to the development of Hexagon's earnings per share[1] compared to the target level set by the Board of Directors during the measurement period 1 January 2023 until 31 December 2026 are fulfilled  where the last financial year during the measurement period is compared with the financial year preceding the measurement period  with reservation for any reduction in the number of shares in accordance with the terms of Share Programme 2023/2026. The Board of Directors intends to present the fulfillment of the performance-based condition in the annual report for the financial year 2026.Other conditionsIn addition to the above conditions  the following shall apply for the performance awards.Performance awards shall be granted free of charge after the Annual General Meeting.Each performance award entitles the holder to receive one Series B share in the company free of charge approximately four (4) years after allotment of the award (vesting period)  provided that the above performance condition has been met and that the holder  at the time of the release of the interim report for the first quarter 2027 still is employed by the Hexagon Group. Exemptions to the requirement of employment may be granted in specific cases  including a participant's disability or retirement.The Board of Directors shall have the opportunity to make adjustments as a result of extraordinary events such as bonus issue  share split  rights issue and/or other similar events.The performance awards are non-transferable and may not be pledged.The performance awards can be granted by the company or any other company within the Group.Preparation and administrationThe Board of Directors shall be responsible for preparing the detailed terms and conditions and administration of Share Programme 2023/2026  in accordance with the above mentioned terms and guidelines. To this end  the Board of Directors shall be entitled to make adjustments to meet foreign regulations or market conditions. The Board of Directors may also make other adjustments  including for example a right to resolve on a reduced allotment of shares  if significant changes in the Hexagon Group  or its operational environment  would  as assessed by the Board of Directors  result in a situation where the established terms and conditions for Share Programme 2023/2026 no longer are appropriate or reasonable.In the event that the Board of Directors considers that the delivery of shares under Share Programme 2023/2026 cannot be achieved at a reasonable cost  with reasonable administrative efforts or due to specific market conditions  the Board of Directors shall have the right to make appropriate local adjustments to the programme or instead offer participants a cash settlement.Scope and costs of the programmeProvided that the share price for the company's Series B share at the time of allotment of performance awards under Share Programme 2023/2026 is SEK 111.80[2]  Share Programme 2023/2026 will  in accordance with the principles and assumptions set out above  comprise maximum 5 468 000 Series B shares in total  which corresponds to approximately 0.2 per cent of the total outstanding shares in the company.Provided that the performance condition is fully met  the total costs for Share Programme 2023/2026 in accordance with the principles and assumptions set out above  is estimated to a maximum of approximately EUR 60 million  allocated over the vesting period. Estimated social costs and administration costs for the programme are included in the amount.In the event that the total costs of Share Programme 2023/2026 would exceed EUR 60 million  the total number of allocated Series B shares in Hexagon will be reduced so that the total costs of Share Programme 2023/2026 will not exceed this amount. Such reduction will be made pro rata in relation to the highest value for each participant category in accordance with the above.Delivery of shares under Share Programme 2023/2026To ensure the delivery of Series B shares under Share Programme 2023/2026  the company intends to enter into an agreement with a third party on terms in accordance with market practice  under which the third party shall  in its own name  acquire and transfer Series B shares in the company to the participants in accordance with Share Programme 2023/2026.Preparation of the proposalShare Programme 2023/2026 has been initiated by the Board of Directors of Hexagon and has been structured in consultation with external advisers. Share Programme 2023/2026 has been prepared by the Remuneration Committee and reviewed at meetings with the Board of Directors.Previous incentive programmes in HexagonFor a description of Hexagon's other incentive programmes  Share Programme 2020/2023  Share Programme 2021/2024 and Share Programme 2022/2025  please see the company's Annual Report 2022  note 30  and the company's website www.hexagon.com. In addition to the programmes described therein  there are no other long term incentive programmes in Hexagon.Resolution on authorization for the Board of Directors on acquisition and transfer of own shares (item 16)Hexagon has previously  on the basis of authorization by the General Meeting  acquired own Series B shares for the purpose of using repurchased shares to give the Board of Directors the opportunity to adjust the company's capital structure  to finance potential company acquisitions  and as a hedge for the company's share-based incentive programmes. As of 1 January 2023  the company held 15 800 000 own Series B shares  corresponding to approximately 0.6 per cent of the total number of shares in the company. The Board of Directors makes the assessment that it remains advantageous for the company to continue to be able to use repurchased shares in order to adjust the company's capital structure  on account of potential company acquisitions and for the company's share-based incentive programmes.In view of the above  the Board of Directors proposes that the Annual General Meeting authorizes the Board of Directors to pass a resolution  on one or more occasions for the period up until the next Annual General Meeting  on acquisition and transfer of Series B shares in the company. Acquisition of shares may be made at a maximum of Series B shares so that the company's holding does not exceed ten (10) per cent of all shares in the company at that time. Acquisitions of shares on Nasdaq Stockholm may only occur at a price within the share price interval registered at that time  where share price interval means the difference between the highest buying price and the lowest selling price. Transfer of Series B shares may be made at a maximum of ten (10) per cent of the total number of shares in the company. A transfer may be made with deviation from the shareholders' preferential rights on Nasdaq Stockholm as well as to third parties in connection with acquisition of a company or a business. Compensation for transferred shares can be paid in cash  through an issue in kind or a set-off. Transfers of shares on Nasdaq Stockholm may only occur at a price per share within the share price interval registered at that time  where share price interval means the difference between the highest buying price and the lowest selling price. Transfer in connection with acquisitions may be made at a market value assessed by the Board of Directors.The purpose of the authorizations is (i) to give the Board of Directors the opportunity to adjust the company's capital structure and thereby contribute to increased shareholder value  (ii) to enable acquisition opportunities by financing acquisitions with the company's own shares  and (iii) to ensure the company's undertakings  due to share-related or share-based incentive programs (other than delivery of shares to participants in incentive programs)  including social security costs.The resolution according to this item requires approval from shareholders representing at least two-thirds of both the number of votes cast as well as the shares represented at the general meeting in order to be valid.Resolution on authorization for the Board of Directors to issue shares  convertibles and/or warrants (item 17)The Board of Directors proposes that the Annual General Meeting authorizes the Board of Directors during the period up until the next AGM to  on one or more occasions  with or without deviation from the shareholders' preferential rights  and with or without provisions for contribution in kind  set-off or other conditions  resolve to issue Series B shares  convertibles and/or warrants (with rights to subscribe for or convert into Series B shares). By resolutions in accordance with the authorization  the number of shares may be increased by a number corresponding to a maximum of ten (10) percent of the number of outstanding shares in the company at the time when the Board of Directors first uses the authorization.The purpose of the authorization and the reasons for a potential deviation from the shareholders' preferential rights as set out above  is to ensure financing of acquisitions of companies  part of companies or businesses or to strengthen the company's capital base and equity/assets ratio. Such issues may not require amendment of the Articles of Association applicable from time to time. In case of deviation from the shareholders' preferential rights  issues by virtue of the authorisation shall be made on market conditions. In accordance with the conditions set out above  the Board of Directors shall also be authorized to resolve on other terms as considered necessary by the Board of Directors to carry out the issues.The Board of Directors further proposes that the Managing Director  or anyone appointed by the Managing Director  shall have the right to make any adjustments that may be necessary in connection with the registration of the resolution with the Swedish Companies Registration Office (Sw: Bolagsverket).The resolution according to this item requires approval from shareholders representing at least two-thirds of both the number of votes cast as well as the shares represented at the general meeting in order to be valid.E. AVAILABLE DOCUMENTSThe Annual Report and the auditor's statement as well as the auditors'statement regarding whether the guidelines for the remuneration of senior executives have been complied with  the Board of Director's remuneration report  the Board of Director's complete proposal concerning items 15-17 together with related documents  as well as the Board of Director's statement pursuant to Chapter 18  Section 4 and Chapter 19  Section 22 of the Swedish Companies Act will be kept available for the shareholders at the company's headquarters in Stockholm no later than Tuesday 11 April 2023. Copies of the documents will be sent to those shareholders who request to receive such information and who have provided their address and will be available at the company's website www.hexagon.com and at the Annual General Meeting.F. SHAREHOLDERS' RIGHT TO RECEIVE INFORMATION AT THE ANNUAL GENERAL MEETINGThe Board of Directors and the Managing Director shall  if requested by a shareholder and the Board of Directors considers that it can be done without material damage to the company  provide information regarding issues that (i) may affect the assessment of an item on the agenda (ii) circumstances that may affect the assessment of the company's or its subsidiaries' financial position or information concerning (iii) the company's relation with other companies within the group. Shareholders may send questions in advance by mail to Hexagon AB (publ)  Box 3692  SE-103 59 Stockholm  Sweden or by e-mail to [email protected] .G. NUMBER OF SHARES AND VOTES IN THE COMPANYThe total number of shares in the company amounts to 2 705 477 888 of which 110 250 000 are shares of Series A (with 10 votes per share)  and 2 595 227 888 are shares of Series B (with 1 vote per share). The total number of votes in the company amounts to 3 697 727 888. Hexagon AB (publ) holds 15 800 000 of its own Series B shares  corresponding to an equal number of votes  for which the company cannot exercise voting rights.H. PROCESSING OF PERSONAL DATAFor information about the processing of your personal data  see https://www.euroclear.com/dam/ESwithLegal/Privacy-notice-bolagsstammor-engelska.pdfStockholm in March 2023The Board of DirectorsHexagon AB (publ)[1] Earnings per share is defined as the company's earnings per share after tax and dilution  excluding non-recurring items.[2] Corresponding to the closing price on 24 March 2023 for Hexagon's Series B share on Nasdaq Stockholm.For further information  please contact:Tom Hull  Head of Investor Relations  +44 7442 678 437  [email protected]Anton Heikenström  Investor Relations Manager  Hexagon AB  +46 8 601 26 26  [email protected]The following files are available for download:https://mb.cision.com/Main/387/3742480/1948915.pdf Notice to Annual General Meeting 2023SOURCE Hexagon",neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,negative,0.0,0.1,0.9,True,English,"['Annual General Meeting', 'Hexagon AB', 'Notice', 'IVA Conference Center', 'Swedish Companies Act', 'P.O. Box', 'other authorization document', 'personal identity number', 'corporate identity number', 'Annual General Meeting', 'Euroclear Sweden AB', 'entire postal vote', 'postal voting form', 'telephone number', 'Hexagon AB', 'special form', 'voting rights', 'voting list', 'Tuesday 2 May', 'Grev Turegatan', 'Sw. aktiebolagslagen', 'share register', 'legal entity', 'similar documentation', 'dated power', 'proxy form', 'registration certificate', 'NOMINEE-REGISTERED SHARES', 'postal address', 'Such re-registration', 'due time', 'D. AGENDA', 'Friday 21 April', 'Tuesday 25 April', 'special instructions', 'Further instructions', 'original proxy', 'A. PARTICIPATION', 'separate notification', 'legal person', 'forms', 'shareholders', 'AGM', '16:00 CET', 'Stockholm', 'PRNewswire', 'Board', 'Directors', 'Chapter', 'Section', 'company', 'Articles', 'Association', 'attendance', 'Notice', 'website', 'name', 'daytime', 'shareholding', 'behalf', 'Representatives', 'copy', 'authorisation', 'B.', 'accordance', 'mail', 'Completed', 'votes', 'verification', 'BankID', 'vpc', 'EuroclearProxy', 'conditions', 'cases', 'written', 'attorney', 'request', 'heading', 'C.', 'addition', 'submission', 'broker', 'order', 'account', 'preparation', 'Proposal', 'Opening', 'Election', 'Chairman', 'approval', '101']",2023-03-29,2023-03-30,prnewswire.com
21624,Euroclear,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/GREENCOAT-RENEWABLES-PLC-54842039/news/Greencoat-Renewables-Proxy-Form-43364406/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230329,Greencoat Renewables : Proxy Form,(marketscreener.com)   Attendance Card   Please bring this card with you to the meeting and present it at shareholder registration/accreditation.   *000101010100000*   MR SAM SAMPLE DESIGNATION    MR JOINT HOLDER 1   ADD1   ADD2 ...https…,"Attendance CardPlease bring this card with you to the meeting and present it at shareholder registration/accreditation.*000101010100000*MR SAM SAMPLE DESIGNATION (IF ANY)MR JOINT HOLDER 1ADD1ADD2ADD3ADD4(AA111AAZZ)Greencoat Renewables plc (""the Company"") invites you to attend the Annual General Meeting (""AGM"") of the Company to be held at Davy House  49 Dawson Street  Dublin  D02 PY05  Ireland on Friday  28 April 2023 at 9:30am.000001Shareholder Reference NumberC1234567890JNTSG328Form of Proxy - Annual General Meeting (""AGM"") to be held on 28 April 2023 at 9:30am.@ www.eproxyappointment.com SRN: C1234567890 PIN: 1234 You will be asked to enter the Control Number  Shareholder Reference Number (SRN) and PIN shown opposite and agree to certain terms and conditions.To view the AGM Documentation online log on to www.greencoat-renewables.comCast your Proxy online...It's fast  easy and secure!Control Number: 918396To be effective  all proxy appointments must be lodged with the Company's Registrar at:Computershare Investor Services (Ireland) Limited  P.O. Box 13030  3100 Lake Drive  Citywest Business Campus  Dublin 24  D24 AK82 or through the voting website  see above  by April 26 2023 at 9:30am.Explanatory Notes:1. Only those persons holding ordinary shares of €0.01 each in the capital of the Company registered in the register of 5. Persons who hold interests in the Company's shares through the Euroclear Bank system or as CREST depositorymembers of the Company at 6:00pm. on 24 April 2023 or if the Meeting is adjourned  at 6.00 p.m. on the day that falls 4 days before the time appointed for the adjourned meeting (""Shareholders"") shall be entitled to attend  speak  ask questions and in respect of the number of Ordinary Shares registered in their name  vote at the meeting  or if relevant  any adjournment thereof. Changes in the register after that time and date will be disregarded in determining the right of any person to attend and/or vote at the meeting or any adjournment thereof.2. A Shareholder who is entitled to attend  speak  ask questions and vote at the Meeting of the Company is entitled to appoint a proxy to attend  speak  ask questions and vote on his or her behalf at the Meeting or any adjournment thereof. A Shareholder may appoint more than one proxy to attend  speak  ask questions and vote at the Meeting or any adjournment thereof in respect of ordinary shares held in different securities accounts. Only Shareholders have the right to appoint a proxy to attend  speak  ask questions and vote on his/her behalf at the Meeting or any adjournment thereof. Such a Shareholder acting as an intermediary on behalf of one or more clients may grant a proxy to each of its clients or their nominees and such intermediary may cast votes attaching to some of the ordinary shares differently from other ordinary shares held by it. The appointment of a proxy will not preclude a Shareholder from attending  speaking  asking questions and voting at the Meeting should such ordinary shareholder subsequently wish to do so. A proxy shall be bound by the articles of association of the Company. A proxy need not be a Shareholder of the Company but must attend the Meeting to represent you. Any Shareholder wishing to appoint more than one proxy should contact the Registrars of the Company  Computershare Investor Services (Ireland) Limited  at P.O. Box 13030  3100 Lake Drive  Citywest Business Campus  Dublin 24  D24 AK82 (phone number +353 01 447 5484). interests (""CDIs"") through the CREST system  wishing to appoint a proxy or submit voting instructions  should consult with their stockbroker  custodian or other intermediary at the earliest opportunity for further information on the processes and timelines of the respective systems. 6. This Form of Proxy must (i) in the case of an individual Shareholder be signed by the appointer or by his/her attorney or submitted electronically by the Shareholder or his/her attorney; or (ii) in the case of a body corporate be executed either under its common seal or signed on its behalf by a duly authorised ofﬁcer or attorney or submitted electronically in accordance with notes 3 and 4 above. 7. In the case of joint Shareholders  the vote of the senior Shareholder who tenders a vote  whether in person or by proxy  shall be accepted to the exclusion of the vote(s) of the other joint Shareholder(s) and for this purpose seniority will be determined by the order in which the names stand in the register of members in respect of the joint holding. 8. If you desire to appoint a proxy other than the Chairman of the Meeting or any adjournment thereof  please insert the proxy's name in block capitals in the space provided and delete the words ""the Chairman of the Meeting or"". 9. Please indicate how you wish your proxy to vote by marking the appropriate box. You may direct your proxy to vote ""For""  ""Against""  to ""Vote Withheld"" your vote or give him/her ""Discretion"" to vote as he/she wishes by marking as appropriate. If no such speciﬁc instructions are given  the proxy will vote or withhold from voting at his/her discretion. The Vote Withheld option is provided to enable you to abstain on any particular resolution. It should be noted that a vote cast as Vote Withheld is not a vote in law and will not be counted in the calculation of the proportion of votes ""For"" and ""Against"" the resolutions.3. To be effective  the Form of Proxy duly completed and executed  together with any original power of attorney or other 10. On any other business which may properly come before the Meeting or any adjournment thereof  and whether proceduralauthority under which it is executed  or a copy of such authority certiﬁed notarially or by a solicitor practising in the Republic of Ireland  must be deposited with the Registrars of the Company either by post to Computershare Investorand/or substantive in nature (including  without limitation  any motion to amend a resolution or adjourn the general meeting) not speciﬁed in the Notice of Meeting or this Form of Proxy  the proxy will act at his/her discretion.Services (Ireland) Limited  at P.O. Box 13030  3100 Lake Drive  Citywest Business Campus  Dublin 24  Ireland or 11. The completion and return/submission of this Form of Proxy will not preclude a member from attending and voting in person. by hand (during normal business hours) to Computershare Investor Services (Ireland) Limited  at P.O. Box 13030  12. If you are appointing a proxy other than the Chairman of the Meeting (or any adjournment thereof) or any other ofﬁcer3100 Lake Drive  Citywest Business Campus  Dublin 24  Ireland  so as to be received in any case no later than 48 hours before the time appointed for the Meeting or any adjournment thereof or (in the case of a poll taken otherwise than at or on the same day as the Meeting or any adjournment thereof) at least 48 hours before the taking of the poll at which it is to be used. Any alteration to the form must be initialled by the person who signs it.4. Alternatively  subject to the articles of association of the Company and provided it is received not less than 48 hours before the time appointed for the holding of the Meeting or any adjournment thereof or (in the case of a poll taken otherwise than at or on the same day as the Meeting or any adjournment thereof) at least 48 hours before the taking of the poll at which it is to be used  the appointment of a proxy may be submitted electronically  subject to the terms and conditions of electronic voting  via the internet by accessing the Company's Registrar's websitewww.eproxyappointment.com. You will need your control number  shareholder reference number and you PIN number  which can be found above on this Form of Proxy.of the Company  please provide him/her with the Attendance Card attached hereto to facilitate his/her attendance.SG150Kindly Note: This form is issued only to the addressee(s) and is specific to the unique designated account printed hereon. This personalised form is not transferable between different (i) account holders; or (ii) uniquely designated accounts. The Company and Computershare Investor Services (Ireland) Limited accept no liability for any instruction that does not comply with these conditions.12UPEA D0100000XXX/000000/000000Poll Card To be completed only at the AGM if a Poll is called.Ordinary Resolutions1. Following a review of the Company's affairs  to receive and consider the ﬁnancial statements for the period ended 31 December 2022 together with the reports of the Directors and Auditors thereon.2. By separate resolutions  to re-appoint and appoint the following Directors: (a) To re-appoint Rónán Murphy For Against Abstain For Against Abstain 4. To authorise the Directors to determine the remuneration of the Auditors. 5. To grant the Directors authority to allot ordinary shares pursuant to section 1021 of the Companies Act 2014. Special Resolutions 6. To authorise the limited disapplication of statutory pre-emption rights (b) To re-appoint Emer Gilvarry 7. To authorise an additional 10% disapplication of pre-emption rights (c) To re-appoint Kevin McNamara (d) To re-appoint Marco Graziano (e) To appoint Eva Lindqvist 8. To authorise the Company to make market purchases of its own shares up to 14.99 per cent of the issued ordinary share capital. 9. To grant the Directors authority to determine the price range at which of treasury shares may be reissued off-market. 10. To approve the reduction of the share premium account to create distributable reserves.3. To re-appoint BDO as auditor of the Company and to hold ofﬁce from the conclusion of this AGM until the conclusion of the next general meeting of which the Accounts are laid before the meeting.SignatureForm of ProxyPlease use a black pen. Mark with an X inside the box as shown in this example.XYou can also instruct your proxy not to vote on a resolution by inserting an ""X"" in the abstain box.I/We hereby appoint the Chairman of the AGM OR the following personPlease leave this box blank if you have selected the Chairman. Do not insert your own name(s).ABCDC1234567890as my/our proxy to attend  speak and vote in respect of my/our full voting entitlement* on my/our behalf on any matter at the Annual General Meeting of Greencoat Renewables plc to be held at Davy House  49 Dawson Street  Dublin  D02 PY05  Ireland Friday  28 April 2023 at 9:30am  and at any adjournment thereof.I/We direct that my/our vote(s) be cast on the speciﬁed resolutions as indicated by an X in the appropriate box.* For the appointment of more than one proxy  please refer to Explanatory Note 2 (see front).Please tick here to indicate that this proxy appointment is one of multiple appointments being made.Ordinary Resolutions1. Following a review of the Company's affairs  to receive and consider the ﬁnancial statements for the period ended 31 December 2022 together with the reports of the Directors and Auditors thereon.2. By separate resolutions  to re-appoint and appoint the following Directors: For Against Abstain For Against Abstain 4. To authorise the Directors to determine the remuneration of the Auditors. 5. To grant the Directors authority to allot ordinary shares pursuant to section 1021 of the Companies Act 2014. Special Resolutions (a) To re-appoint Rónán Murphy 6. To authorise the limited disapplication of statutory pre-emption rights (b) To re-appoint Emer Gilvarry 7. To authorise an additional 10% disapplication of pre-emption rights (c) To re-appoint Kevin McNamara (d) To re-appoint Marco Graziano (e) To appoint Eva Lindqvist3. To re-appoint BDO as auditor of the Company and to hold ofﬁce from the conclusion of this AGM until the conclusion of the next general meeting of which the Accounts are laid before the meeting.8. To authorise the Company to make market purchases of its own shares up to 14.99 per cent of the issued ordinary share capital.9. To grant the Directors authority to determine the price range at which of treasury shares may be reissued off-market.10. To approve the reduction of the share premium account to create distributable reserves.I/we direct my/our proxy to vote on the resolutions proposed at the AGM (and any adjournment thereof) as indicated on this form. Where no instruction appears above as to how the proxy should vote the proxy may vote as he or she sees ﬁt or abstain in relation to any business of the meeting. My/our proxy shall decide on how to vote on my/our behalf in respect of any procedural resolutions moved at the AGM.Signature00000XXX/000000/00000012UPEA D01DateIn the case of a body corporate  this proxy must be given under its common seal or be signed on its behalf by an attorney or ofﬁcer duly authorised  stating their capacity (e.g. director  secretary).WKF162012GCR I",neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,positive,0.96,0.04,0.0,True,English,"['Greencoat Renewables', 'Proxy Form', 'MR SAM SAMPLE DESIGNATION', 'other joint Shareholder(s', 'MR JOINT HOLDER', 'Computershare Investor Services', 'Citywest Business Campus', 'different securities accounts', 'P.O. Box', 'Euroclear Bank system', 'speciﬁc instructions', 'Greencoat Renewables plc', 'Annual General Meeting', 'other ordinary shares', 'Shareholder Reference Number', 'joint holding', 'appropriate box', 'CREST system', 'voting instructions', 'other intermediary', 'vote(s', 'Control Number', 'phone number', 'joint Shareholders', 'Davy House', '49 Dawson Street', 'D02 PY05', '3100 Lake Drive', 'D24 AK82', 'voting website', 'CREST depositorymembers', 'earliest opportunity', 'respective systems', 'body corporate', 'common seal', 'ofﬁcer', 'block capitals', 'ordinary shareholder', 'shareholder registration', 'individual Shareholder', 'senior Shareholder', 'Ireland) Limited', 'Attendance Card', 'Explanatory Notes', 'AGM Documentation', 'proxy appointments', 'one proxy', 'accreditation', 'ADD1', 'ADD2', 'ADD3', 'ADD4', 'Company', 'Dublin', 'Friday', '28 April', '9:30am', 'JNT', 'Form', 'SRN', 'PIN', 'terms', 'conditions', 'Registrar', 'persons', 'register', 'interests', '6:00pm', '24 April', 'time', 'questions', 'name', 'adjournment', 'Changes', 'date', 'right', 'behalf', 'clients', 'nominees', 'votes', 'articles', 'association', 'CDIs', 'stockbroker', 'custodian', 'processes', 'case', 'appointer', 'attorney', 'accordance', 'exclusion', 'purpose', 'seniority', 'order', 'Chairman', 'space', 'words', 'Discretion', '6.00']",2023-03-29,2023-03-30,marketscreener.com
21625,Euroclear,NewsApi.org,https://www.prnewswire.co.uk/news-releases/ericssons-annual-general-meeting-2023-301784989.html,Ericsson's Annual General Meeting 2023,STOCKHOLM  March 29  2023 /PRNewswire/ -- Telefonaktiebolaget LM Ericsson's (NASDAQ:ERIC) Annual General Meeting (AGM) was held today on March 29  2023 in Kista  Stockholm. Shareholders were also able to exercise their voting rights by post before the meeting…,"STOCKHOLM  March 29  2023 /PRNewswire/ -- Telefonaktiebolaget LM Ericsson's (NASDAQ:ERIC) Annual General Meeting (AGM) was held today on March 29  2023 in Kista  Stockholm. Shareholders were also able to exercise their voting rights by post before the meeting.Adoption of the Profit and Loss Statements and the Balance SheetsThe AGM resolved to adopt the Profit and Loss Statement and the Balance Sheet for the Parent company as well as the Consolidated Profit and Loss Statement and the Consolidated Balance Sheet for the Group for 2022.DividendThe proposed dividend of SEK 2.70 per share was approved by the AGM. The dividend will be paid in two equal installments: SEK 1.35 per share with the record date Friday  March 31  2023  and SEK 1.35 per share with the record date Friday  September 29  2023. Euroclear Sweden AB is expected to disburse SEK 1.35 per share on Wednesday  April 5  2023  and SEK 1.35 per share on Wednesday  October 4  2023.Remuneration reportThe AGM resolved to adopt the Board of Directors' remuneration report for 2022.Discharge from liabilityThe AGM resolved to discharge Carolina Dybeck Happe and Annika Salomonsson from liability for the financial year 2022. It was recorded that shareholders representing at least one tenth of all of the shares in the company voted against discharge from liability for the other members of the Board and the President for the financial year 2022.Board of DirectorsThe AGM elected Board members in accordance with the proposal of the Nomination Committee. Jan Carlson was elected as new Chair of the Board and Jon Fredrik Baksaas  Börje Ekholm  Eric A. Elzvik  Carolina Dybeck Happe  Kristin S. Rinne  Helena Stjernholm and Jacob Wallenberg were re-elected as Board members. Jonas Synnergren and Christy Wyatt were elected new Board members. Ronnie Leten  Kurt Jofs and Nora Denzel  who did not stand for re-election  left the Board of Directors in connection with the AGM. It was also noted that the unions have appointed Torbjörn Nyman  Anders Ripa and Kjell-Åke Soting employee representatives in the Board of Directors with Ulf Rosberg  Loredana Roslund and Annika Salomonsson as deputies.Board of Directors' FeesThe AGM resolved on fees to the Board of Directors  in accordance with the Nomination Committee's proposal. Yearly fee to the Chair of the Board of SEK 4 500 000  and fees to other non-employee members of the Board  elected by the AGM  of SEK 1 140 000 each. Fees for Committee work to non-employee members of the Committees  elected by the AGM  were approved as follows: SEK 495 000 to the Chair of the Audit and Compliance Committee and SEK 285 000 to each of the other members of the Audit and Compliance Committee  SEK 210 000 to each of the Chairs of the Finance Committee  the Remuneration Committee and the Technology and Science Committee  and SEK 185 000 to each of the other members of the Finance Committee  the Remuneration Committee and the Technology and Science Committee.The AGM approved the Nomination Committee's proposal to enable payment of part of the fees to the members of the Board for the Board assignment (excluding fees for Committee work)  in the form of synthetic shares.AuditorThe AGM re-elected Deloitte AB as auditor for the period up until the end of the AGM 2024 and approved the Nomination Committee´s proposal for auditor fee.Long-Term Variable Compensation ProgramsLong-Term Variable Compensation Program I 2023 (LTV I 2023)In accordance with the Board of Directors' proposals  the AGM resolved on implementation of LTV I 2023 for the members of the Executive Team  including the President and CEO  (currently 17 individuals)  comprising a maximum of 4.1 million B-shares in Ericsson. ""Performance Share Awards"" will be granted free of charge entitling the participant to receive a number of shares  free of charge  following the expiration of a three-year vesting period  provided that certain performance conditions are met and that the participant retains his or her employment. The 4.1 million B-shares covered by LTV I 2023 correspond to approximately 0.12 percent of the total number of registered shares of the company.Furthermore  the AGM resolved to approve the Board of Directors' proposal to hedge the company's undertakings under LTV I 2023 through an equity swap agreement with a third party.Long-Term Variable Compensation Program II 2023 (LTV II 2023)In accordance with the Board of Directors' proposals  the AGM resolved as follows:Implementation of LTV II 2023 for employees classified as Executives  excluding the President and CEO and Executive Team  (currently approximately 180 employees)  comprising a maximum of 5.9 million B-shares in Ericsson. ""Performance Share Awards"" will be granted free of charge entitling the participant to receive a number of shares  free of charge  following the expiration of a three-year vesting period  provided that certain performance conditions are met and that the participant retains his or her employment. The 5.9 million B-shares covered by LTV II 2023 correspond to approximately 0.18 percent of the total number of registered shares of the company.A directed issue of 5.9 million C-shares to Investor AB  or subsidiaries of Investor AB  at a subscription price corresponding to the quota value of the share (approximately SEK 5 ).Authorization for the Board of Directors to  prior to the AGM 2024  resolve on an acquisition offer regarding the 5.9 million C-shares at a price per share corresponding to the quota value of the share (approximately SEK 5 ). Following the acquisition  the C-shares will  in accordance with the articles of association  be converted into B-shares  which thereafter can be transferred to employees and on an exchange.Transfer of no more than 4.9 million B-shares  free of consideration  to employees covered by the terms of the LTV II 2023. The AGM further resolved to authorize the Board of Directors to decide to  in conjunction with the delivery of vested shares under LTV II 2023  prior to the AGM 2024  retain and sell no more than 60% of the vested B-shares on Nasdaq Stockholm at a price within the  at each time  prevailing price interval for the share  in order to cover for the costs for withholding and paying tax and social security liabilities on behalf of the participants of LTV II 2023 in relation to the Performance Share Awards for remittance to revenue authorities.Transfer of no more than 1.0 million B-shares on Nasdaq Stockholm  prior to the AGM 2024  at a price within the  at each time  prevailing price interval for the share  to cover certain expenses  mainly social security payments.Transfer of treasury stock to employees and on an exchange  directed share issues and acquisition offer for the previously resolved LTV programs 2021 and 2022 (LTV 2021 and LTV 2022)The AGM resolved to approve the Board of Directors' proposals on:directed issues of in total 4.1 million C-shares to Investor AB  or subsidiaries of Investor AB  at a subscription price corresponding to the quota value of the share (approximately SEK 5);authorization for the Board of Directors to  prior to the AGM 2024  resolve on an acquisition offer regarding the 4.1 million C-shares at a price per share corresponding to the quota value of the share (approximately SEK 5 ); following the acquisition  the C-shares will  in accordance with the articles of association  be converted into B-shares  which thereafter can be transferred to employees and on an exchange;); following the acquisition  the C-shares will  in accordance with the articles of association  be converted into B-shares  which thereafter can be transferred to employees and on an exchange; transfer of no more than 3.1 million B-shares  free of consideration  to employees covered by the terms of LTV 2021 and LTV 2022  with an authorization for the Board of Directors to decide to  in conjunction with the delivery of vested shares under LTV 2021 and LTV 2022  prior to the AGM in 2024  retain and sell no more than 60% of the vested B-shares on Nasdaq Stockholm  at a price within the  at each time  prevailing price interval for the share  in order to cover for the costs for withholding and paying tax and social security liabilities on behalf of the participants in relation to the Performance Share Awards for remittance to revenue authorities; andtransfer of no more than 1 million B-shares on Nasdaq Stockholm  prior to the AGM 2024  at a price within the  at each time  prevailing price interval for the share  to cover certain expenses  mainly social security payments.Transfer of treasury stock on an exchange for previously resolved LTV programs 2019 and 2020The AGM resolved to approve the Board of Directors' proposals on:transfer of no more than 1.4 million B-shares on Nasdaq Stockholm  prior to the AGM 2024  at a price within the  at each time  prevailing price interval for the share  to cover certain expenses  mainly social security charges  which may occur in relation to the previously resolved and ongoing LTV programs LTV 2019 and LTV 2020; andauthorization for the Board of Directors to decide to  in conjunction with the delivery of vested shares under LTV 2019 and LTV 2020  prior to the AGM 2024  retain and sell no more than 60% of the vested B-shares on Nasdaq Stockholm  at a price within the  at each time  prevailing price interval for the share  in order to cover for the costs for withholding and paying tax and social security liabilities on behalf of the participants in relation to the Performance Share Awards for remittance to revenue authorities.New Guidelines for remuneration to Group managementThe AGM resolved to approve the new guidelines for remuneration to Group Management  in accordance with the Board of Directors' proposal.Shares and votesThere are in total 3 334 151 735 shares in the company; 261 755 983 A-shares and 3 072 395 752 B-shares  corresponding to in total 568 995 558.2 votes. The company's holding of treasury stock as of March 29  2023  amounts to 4 009 306 B-shares  corresponding to 400 930.6 votes.NOTES TO EDITORS:FOLLOW US:Subscribe to Ericsson press releases hereSubscribe to Ericsson blog posts herehttps://twitter.com/ericssonhttps://www.facebook.com/ericssonhttps://www.linkedin.com/company/ericssonFOR FURTHER INFORMATION  PLEASE CONTACT:Contact personsPeter Nyquist  Head of Investor RelationsPhone: +46 705 75 29 06E-mail: peter.nyquist@ericsson.comMediaPeter Borsos  Head of External RelationsPhone: +46703176800E-mail: peter.borsos@ericsson.comKristoffer Edshage  Head of Regulatory and Financial CommunicationPhone: +46 722 20 44 46E-mail: kristoffer.edshage@ericsson.comMedia relationsPhone: +46 10 719 69 92E-mail: media.relations@ericsson.comABOUT ERICSSON:Ericsson enables communications service providers and enterprises to capture the full value of connectivity. The company's portfolio spans the following business areas: Networks  Cloud Software and Services  Enterprise Wireless Solutions  Global Communications Platform  and Technologies and New Businesses. It is designed to help our customers go digital  increase efficiency and find new revenue streams. Ericsson's innovation investments have delivered the benefits of mobility and mobile broadband to billions of people globally. Ericsson stock is listed on Nasdaq Stockholm and on Nasdaq New York. www.ericsson.comThe following files are available for download:https://mb.cision.com/Main/15448/3743367/1953005.pdf Ericssons Annual General Meeting 2023SOURCE Ericsson",neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,negative,0.02,0.32,0.66,True,English,"['Annual General Meeting', 'Ericsson', 'Kjell-Åke Soting employee representatives', 'Long-Term Variable Compensation Programs', 'two equal installments', 'Carolina Dybeck Happe', 'Jon Fredrik Baksaas', 'Börje Ekholm', 'Eric A. Elzvik', 'Kristin S. Rinne', 'Torbjörn Nyman', 'equity swap agreement', 'Euroclear Sweden AB', 'three-year vesting period', 'Annual General Meeting', 'Consolidated Balance Sheet', 'other non-employee members', 'Performance Share Awards', 'new Board members', 'Deloitte AB', 'performance conditions', 'Balance Sheets', 'other members', 'voting rights', 'Loss Statements', 'record date', 'Remuneration report', 'Annika Salomonsson', 'financial year', 'one tenth', 'Nomination Committee', 'Jan Carlson', 'Helena Stjernholm', 'Jacob Wallenberg', 'Jonas Synnergren', 'Christy Wyatt', 'Ronnie Leten', 'Kurt Jofs', 'Nora Denzel', 'Anders Ripa', 'Ulf Rosberg', 'Loredana Roslund', 'Yearly fee', 'Committee work', 'Compliance Committee', 'Finance Committee', 'Remuneration Committee', 'Science Committee', 'Executive Team', '4.1 million B-shares', 'third party', '5.9 million B-shares', 'LTV I', 'Consolidated Profit', 'new Chair', ""Directors' proposals"", 'synthetic shares', 'registered shares', 'The AGM', 'LM Ericsson', 'auditor fee', 'total number', 'Board assignment', 'Parent company', ""Directors' Fees"", 'March', 'PRNewswire', 'Telefonaktiebolaget', 'Kista', 'Stockholm', 'Shareholders', 'post', 'Adoption', 'Group', 'Dividend', 'SEK 2.70', 'September', 'Wednesday', 'April', 'October', 'Discharge', 'liability', 'President', 'accordance', 'election', 'connection', 'unions', 'deputies', 'Committees', 'Chairs', 'Technology', 'payment', 'implementation', 'CEO', '17 individuals', 'maximum', 'participant', 'expiration', 'employment', '0.12 percent', 'undertakings', 'employees', 'Executives', '0.18 percent']",2023-03-29,2023-03-30,prnewswire.co.uk
21626,Euroclear,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/BAE-SYSTEMS-PLC-9583545/news/BAE-Notice-of-2023-Annual-General-Meeting-AGM-43371975/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230329,BAE : Notice of 2023 Annual General Meeting (AGM),(marketscreener.com)    Please see the step-by-step guide on page 13 on how to join the meeting remotely  ask questions and submit your votes at the meeting.    This year's Annual General Meeting will be held at 11.30am on Thursday 4 May 2023.   Thi…,"BAE : Notice of 2023 Annual General Meeting (AGM) 03/29/2023 | 01:24pm EDT Send by mail :Name : First name : From * : To * : (You can enter multiple email addresses separated by commas) Message : * Required fields Please see the step-by-step guide on page 13 on how to join the meeting remotely  ask questions and submit your votes at the meeting. This year's Annual General Meeting will be held at 11.30am on Thursday 4 May 2023. This notice of meeting sets out the resolutions that shareholders are being asked to consider and vote on. These resolutions are an important part of the governance of the Company and all shareholders are urged to vote  whether they are able to attend the meeting or not. Arrangements for the 2023 AGM There are two options for attending and participating at the AGM which are as follows: - Attend electronically - Access to the meeting electronically will be available at: https://web.lumiagm.com/104-892-396. This will enable you to watch a live broadcast of the proceedings. You will be able to submit questions up to an hour before the meeting starts as well as during the meeting; and vote on the resolutions once the poll is open. - Attend physically at the AGM venue - The physical meeting will be held at Hall 5  Farnborough International Exhibition and Conference Centre  Farnborough  Hampshire GU14 6TQ. A road map and instructions on how to reach the venue are set out on page 14. Light refreshments - but not lunch - will be provided for attendees on arrival. Voting by proxy You can alternatively vote by proxy on the resolutions put to shareholders in advance either online or by post as follows: - Online - if you have accessed this notice electronically  you simply need to click on the electronic voting icon on the Company's AGM website page atwww.baesystems.com/reporting.- By post - if you received the 2022 Report & Accounts you will also havereceived a proxy card. Instructions on voting can be found on the proxy card. It is good practice for companies to take a poll on all resolutions put to shareholders and the Company has used such polls for a number of years. This allows all shareholders to have their votes recognised whether or not they are able to attend the meeting  physically or electronically. The results of the voting on the resolutions will be posted on the Company's website after the meeting. Recommendation Your Directors consider that each of the proposals detailed in the Notice of Meeting will be of beneﬁt to and in the best interests of the Company and the shareholders as a whole. The Directors intend to vote in favour of all Resolutions in respect of their own beneﬁcial holdings of ordinary shares in the Company and unanimously recommend other shareholders to do likewise. Important This document is important and requires your immediate attention. If you are in any doubt as to the action you should take  you should consult your stockbroker  bank manager  solicitor  accountant or other professional adviser authorised under the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 immediately. If you have sold or otherwise transferred all of your shares  please send this document  together with the accompanying Form of Proxy  as soon as possible to the purchaser or transferee  or to the stockbroker  bank or other agent through whom the sale or transfer was effected for transmission to the purchaser or transferee. How to get to the AGM Please see the map on page 14 of this document. By Road Hall 5 is situated in Farnborough  Hampshire  to the south west of London  close to Junction 4 of the M3. Follow the Farnborough/Exhibition Centre signs on all major routes. SatNav users should enter 'GU14 6AZ' for directions to the Queen's Roundabout. From the roundabout  take Government House Road (Aerospace Boulevard) and follow the signs to Hall 5/Exhibition Centre via Gate F. Please note that there is currently a diversion in place for westbound trafﬁc accessing Lynchford Road  Farnborough (ie going towards Hall 5). Free parking is available at Hall 5 in the designated car park. By Rail The main train station in Farnborough is Farnborough Main. Other train stations in the vicinity of Hall 5 include North Camp and Aldershot. Please visitwww.nationalrail.co.ukor telephone 03457 484950 for rail travel information. A complimentary shuttle bus service will be provided between Farnborough Main train station and Hall 5. A return service to Farnborough Main will be provided after the meeting. Notice of Annual General Meeting 2023 To BAE Systems plc Ordinary Shareholders NOTICE IS HEREBY GIVEN that the Annual General Meeting of BAE Systems plc will be held on Thursday 4 May 2023 at 11.30 am. The physical meeting will be held at Hall 5  Farnborough International Exhibition and Conference Centre  Farnborough  Hampshire GU14 6TQ and electronic access will be via:https://web.lumiagm.com/104-892-396 The meeting has been convened for the purpose of transacting the following business: To consider  and if thought ﬁt  to pass the following Resolutions 1-22  which will be proposed as ORDINARY RESOLUTIONS:RESOLUTION 1 - Receipt of the Report and Accounts THAT the Annual Report and Accounts for the year ended 31 December 2022 now laid before this meeting be and are hereby received. RESOLUTION 2 - Approval of the Remuneration Policy THAT the Remuneration Policy section of the Remuneration Report (as set out on pages 190 to 205 of the Annual Report and Accounts for the ﬁnancial year ended 31 December 2022) be and is hereby approved. RESOLUTION 3 - Approval of the Directors' Remuneration Report THAT the Annual Statement by the Chair of the Remuneration Committee and the Annual Report on Remuneration (as set out on pages 160 to 189 of the Annual Report and Accounts for the ﬁnancial year ended 31 December 2022) be and are hereby approved. RESOLUTION 4 - Authorisation of the payment of the ﬁnal dividend THAT the ﬁnal dividend for the year ended 31 December 2022 of 16.6 pence per ordinary share be and is hereby declared payable on 1 June 2023 to Ordinary Shareholders whose names appeared on the Register of Members at the close of business on 21 April 2023. RESOLUTION 5 - Re-election of director THAT Nicholas Anderson be and is hereby re-elected a Director of the Company. RESOLUTION 6 - Re-election of director THAT Thomas Arseneault be and is hereby re-elected a Director of the Company. RESOLUTION 7 - Re-election of director THAT Crystal E Ashby be and is hereby re-elected a Director of the Company. RESOLUTION 8 - Re-election of director THAT Dame Elizabeth Corley be and is hereby re-elected a Director of the Company. RESOLUTION 9 - Re-election of director THAT Bradley Greve be and is hereby re-elected a Director of the Company. RESOLUTION 10 - Re-election of director THAT Jane Grifﬁths be and is hereby re-elected a Director of the Company. RESOLUTION 11 - Re-election of director THAT Christopher Grigg be and is hereby re-elected a Director of the Company. RESOLUTION 12 - Re-election of director THAT Ewan Kirk be and is hereby re-elected a Director of the Company RESOLUTION 13 - Re-election of director THAT Stephen Pearce be and is hereby re-elected a Director of the Company. RESOLUTION 14 - Re-election of director THAT Nicole Piasecki be and is hereby re-elected a Director of the Company. RESOLUTION 15 - Re-election of director THAT Charles Woodburn be and is hereby re-elected a Director of the Company. RESOLUTION 16 - Election of director THAT Cressida Hogg be and is hereby elected a Director of the Company. RESOLUTION 17 - Election of director THAT Lord Sedwill be and is hereby elected a Director of the Company. RESOLUTION 18 - Re-appointment of the Auditors THAT Deloitte LLP be and are hereby re-appointed Auditors of the Company to hold ofﬁce until the next General Meeting at which accounts are laid before the Company. RESOLUTION 19 - Authority to agree Auditors' remuneration THAT the Audit Committee of the Board of Directors be and is hereby authorised to agree the remuneration of the Auditors. RESOLUTION 20 - Political Donations THAT (i)the Company and those companies which are subsidiaries of the Company at any time during the period for which this resolution has effect be authorised for the purposes of Part 14 of the Companies Act 2006 (the ""2006 Act"") during the period from the date of the passing of this resolution to the earlier of the conclusion of the Company's Annual General Meeting in 2024 or close of business on 30 June 2024: (a) to make political donations to political parties  and/or independent election candidates; (b) to make political donations to political organisations other than political parties; and(c) to incur political expenditure up to an aggregate amount of £100 000  and the amount authorised under each of paragraphs (a) to (c) shall also be limited to such amount; and (ii) all existing authorisations and approvals relating to political donations or expenditure under Part 14 of the 2006 Act are hereby revoked without prejudice to any donation made or expenditure incurred prior to the date hereof pursuant to such authorisation or approval; and (iii)words and expressions deﬁned for the purpose of the 2006 Act shall have same meaning in this resolution. RESOLUTION 21 - Approval of the BAE Systems Long-term Incentive Plan 2023 THAT the rules of the BAE Systems Long-term Incentive Plan 2023 (the ""LTIP"")  the principal features of which are summarised in the Appendix to this Notice of Annual General Meeting  and a copy of which is produced to the Annual General Meeting and initialled by the Chairman for the purposes of identiﬁcation  be approved and the Directors be authorised to: (i)adopt the LTIP and do all things appropriate to operate the LTIP  including making such modiﬁcations as the Directors consider appropriate to take account of best practice; and (ii) establish further plans based on the LTIP but modiﬁed to: (a) permit participation by employees of any joint ventures of the Company who are not eligible to participate in the LTIP; and/or (b) take account of local tax  exchange controls or securities laws in overseas territories  provided that any new issue or treasury shares made available under such further plans are treated as counting against the limits on individual or overall participation in the LTIP. RESOLUTION 22 - Authority to allot new shares THAT the authority conferred on the Directors by Article 8(B)(i) of the Company's Articles of Association be renewed for the period ending at the conclusion of the Company's Annual General Meeting in 2024 or at the close of business on 30 June 2024  whichever is the earlier  and for such period the Section 551 Amount shall be £25 461 446. The authorities in this Resolution apply in substitution for all previous authorities pursuant to Section 551 of the 2006 Act. To consider  and if thought ﬁt  to pass the following Resolutions 23 to 25 which will be proposed as SPECIAL RESOLUTIONS:RESOLUTION 23 - Disapplication of pre-emption rights THAT  subject to the passing of Resolution 22 above  the power conferred on the Directors by Article 8(B)(ii) of the Company's Articles of Association be renewed for the period referred to in such Resolution and for such period the Section 561 Amount shall be £3 819 598. Such authority shall be in substitution for all previous powers pursuant to Section 561 of the 2006 Act. RESOLUTION 24 - Authority to purchase own shares THAT the Company be and is hereby unconditionally and generally authorised for the purposes of Section 701 of the 2006 Act to make market purchases (as deﬁned in Section 693 of the 2006 Act) of its ordinary shares of 2.5p each in the capital of the Company provided that: (a) the maximum number of shares that may be purchased is 305 567 916; (b) the minimum price which may be paid for each share is 2.5p;(c) the maximum price which may be paid for each share is the higher of (i) 105 per cent of the average of the middle market quotations of the Company's ordinary shares as derived from the London Stock Exchange Daily Ofﬁcial List for the ﬁvebusiness days immediately preceding the day on which such share is contracted to be purchased  and (ii) the higher of the price of the last independent trade and the highest current independent bid on the London Stock Exchange; (d) this authority shall expire at the conclusion of the Annual General Meeting of the Company held in 2024 or  if earlier  at the close of business on 30 June 2024 (except in relation to the purchase of shares the contract for which was concluded before the expiry of such authority and which may be executed wholly or partly after such expiry) unless such authority is renewed prior to such time. RESOLUTION 25 - Notice of general meetings THAT a general meeting other than an annual general meeting may be called on not less than 14 clear days' notice. By Order of the Board David Parkes Company Secretary 29 March 2023 6 Carlton Gardens London SW1Y 5AD Notes 1. Shareholders are entitled to appoint a proxy to exercise all or any of their rights to attend and to speak and vote on their behalf at the meeting. A proxy need not be a member of the Company.2. A proxy form which may be used to make such appointment and give proxy instructions has been sent to all shareholders (except those who have elected to receive notice via email who should refer to paragraph 7 below  or those shareholders who are deemed to have consented to receive communications via the Company's website and who will have received a shareholder voting instruction card). If a shareholder wishes to appoint someone other than the Chairman of the meeting to act as the shareholder's proxy  the shareholder should delete the reference to the Chairman in the proxy form  and insert in block letters the name of the person that the shareholder wishes to appoint in the space provided  and initial the alteration. Shareholders who have received a shareholder voting instruction card or a proxy card may appoint a proxy or proxies electronically via the Company's website atwww.baesystems.com/reportingusing the Voting ID  Task ID  and Shareholder Reference Number on the proxy card or shareholder voting instruction card. Electronic proxy appointments must be received no later than 11.30 am UK time on 2 May 2023. CREST members who wish to appoint proxies through the CREST electronic appointment service should refer to paragraphs 12-15 below.3. A shareholder may appoint more than one proxy  who may be the same person  in relation to the Annual General Meeting provided that each proxy is appointed to exercise the rights attached to a different share or shares held by that shareholder. If in such case a shareholder wishes to appoint more than one proxy  the shareholder should photocopy the proxy form and indicate in the relevant box the number of shares in relation to which the shareholder authorises them to act as the shareholder's proxy. The shareholder should indicate by marking the relevant box on the proxy card if more than one proxy is being appointed.4. In the case of joint holders the signature of any one of them will sufﬁce. The vote of the senior party tendering the vote (whether in person or by proxy) shall be accepted to the exclusion of the votes of the other joint holders and  for this purpose  seniority shall be determined by the order in which the names stand in the Register of Members in respect of the joint holding. 5. To be valid any proxy form or other instrument appointing a proxy must be completed  signed and returned  together with the power of attorney or other authority (if any) under which it is signed  or a duly certiﬁed copy thereof  so as to be received by post or (during normal business hours only) by hand at the ofﬁce of the Company's Registrar  Equiniti  Aspect House  Spencer Road  Lancing  West Sussex BN99 6DA not later than 11.30 am UK time on 2 May 2023  being not less than 48 hours before the time for which the meeting is convened.6. The return of a completed proxy form  other such instrument or any CREST Proxy Instruction (as described in paragraph 13 below) will not prevent a shareholder attending the Annual General Meeting and voting in person if he/she wishes to do so.7. Shareholders who have elected to receive notice via email  and who have therefore not received a proxy card  may appoint a proxy or proxies electronically via the Company's website at www. baesystems.com/reporting using their usual Shareview portfolio identiﬁcation particulars. Electronic proxy appointments must be received no later than 11.30 am UK time on 2 May 2023.8. Any person to whom this notice is sent who is a person nominated under section 146 of the Companies Act 2006 to enjoy information rights (a ""Nominated Person"") may  under an agreement between him/her and the shareholder by whom he/she was nominated  have a right to be appointed (or to have someone else appointed) as a proxy for the Annual General Meeting. If a Nominated Person has no such appointment right or does not wish to exercise it  he/she may  under any such agreement  have a right to give instructions to the shareholder as to the exercise of voting rights.9. The statement of rights of shareholders in relation to the appointment of proxies in paragraphs 1 to 7 above does not apply to Nominated Persons. The rights described in these paragraphs can only be exercised by shareholders of the Company.10. Entitlement to attend and vote at the meeting  and the number of votes which may be cast at the meeting  will be determined by reference to the Company's Register of Members at 6.30pm UK time on 2 May 2023 or  if the meeting is adjourned  6.30pm UK time two days before the time ﬁxed for the adjourned meeting (as the case may be). Changes to the Register of Members after the relevant deadline shall be disregarded in determining the rights of any person to attend and vote at the meeting.11. As at 15 March 2023 (being the latest practicable business day prior to the publication of this Notice) the Company's issued share capital consisted of 3 274 530 020 ordinary shares and one special share. Holders of ordinary shares are entitled to attend and vote at general meetings of the Company. The voting rights of treasury shares (of which there were 218 850 860 as of 15 March 2023) are suspended. The holder of the special share is entitled to attend general meetings of the Company  but is not entitled to vote. Accordingly the total number of voting rights as of 15 March 2023 is 3 055 679 160. The consent of the holder of the special share is required in certain limited circumstances  as set out in the Company's Articles of Association. At the Company's 2023 AGM  all resolutions will be voted on by way of a poll. On a vote by poll  every ordinary shareholder who is present in person or by proxy has one vote for every ordinary share of which he/she is the holder.12. CREST members who wish to appoint a proxy or proxies through the CREST electronic proxy appointment service may do so by using the procedures described in the CREST Manual (available viawww.euroclear.com). CREST Personal Members or other CREST sponsored members  and those CREST members who have appointed a voting service provider  should refer to their CREST sponsor or voting service provider  who will be able to take the appropriate action on their behalf.13. In order for a proxy appointment or instruction made using the CREST service to be valid  the appropriate CREST message (a ""CREST Proxy Instruction"") must be properly authenticated in accordance with Euroclear UK & Ireland Limited's speciﬁcations  and must contain the information required for such instruction  as described in the CREST Manual. The message  regardless ofwhether it constitutes the appointment of a proxy or is an amendment to the instruction given to a previously appointed proxy must  in order to be valid  be transmitted so as to be received by the issuer's agent  Equiniti (ID RA19)  no later than 11.30 am UK time on 2 May 2023  being not less than 48 hours before the time for which the meeting is convened. For this purpose  the time of receipt will be taken to be the time (as determined by the timestamp applied to the message by the CREST Applications Host) from which the issuer's agent is able to retrieve the message by enquiry to CREST in the manner prescribed by CREST. After this time any change of instructions to proxies appointed through CREST should be communicated to the appointee through other means. 14. CREST members and  where applicable  their CREST sponsors  or voting service providers  should note that Euroclear UK and Ireland Limited does not make available special procedures in CREST for any particular message. Normal system timings and limitations will  therefore  apply in relation to the input of CREST Proxy Instructions. It is the responsibility of the CREST member concerned to take (or  if the CREST member is a CREST personal member  or sponsored member  or has appointed a voting service provider  to procure that his/her CREST sponsor or voting service provider takes) such action as shall be necessary to ensure that a message is transmitted by means of the CREST system by any particular time. In this connection  CREST members (and  where applicable  their CREST sponsors or voting system providers) are referred  in particular  to those sections of the CREST manual concerning practical limitations of the CREST systems and timings. 15. The Company may treat as invalid a CREST Proxy Instruction in the circumstances set out in Regulation 35(5)(a) of the UncertiﬁcatedSecurities Regulations 2001.16. Any corporation which is a member can appoint one or more corporate representatives who may exercise on its behalf all of its powers as a member provided that they do not do so in relation to the same shares.17. Under section 527 of the Companies Act 2006  members meeting the threshold requirements set out in that section have the right to require the Company to publish on a website a statement setting out any matter relating to (i) the audit of the Company's accounts (including the auditor's report and the conduct of the audit) that are to be laid before the Annual General Meeting; or (ii) any circumstance connected with an auditor of the Company ceasing to hold ofﬁce since the previous meeting at which annual accounts and reports were laid in accordance with section 437 of the Companies Act 2006. The Company may not require the shareholders requesting any such website publication to pay its expenses in complying with section 527 or 528 of the Companies Act 2006. Where the Company is required to place a statement on a website under section 527 of the Companies Act 2006  it must forward the statement to the Company's auditor not later than the time when it makes the statement available on the website. The business which may be dealt with at the Annual General Meeting includes any statement that the Company has been required under section 527 of the Companies Act 2006 to publish on a website.18. Any member attending the meeting in person or electronically has the right to ask questions. The Company must cause to be answered any such question relating to the business being dealt with at the meeting but no such answer need be given if (a) to do so would interfere unduly with the preparation of the meeting or involve the disclosure of conﬁdential information; (b) the answer has already been given on a website in the form of an answer to a question; or (c) it is undesirable in the interests of the Company or the good order of the meeting that the question be answered.19. A copy of this notice  and other information required by s311A of the Companies Act 2006  can be found atwww.baesystems.com/ reporting.20. Shareholders may not use any electronic address provided in this Notice or any related documents (including the proxy form) to communicate with the Company for any purposes other than those expressly stated. Notes on the Resolutions 1. NOTES ON THE RESOLUTIONS 1.1 Resolution 2 - Approval of Directors' Remuneration Policy The policy section of the Directors' Remuneration Report  which sets out the Company's forward looking policy on Directors' remuneration  is subject to a binding shareholder vote by ordinary resolution at least every three years. The Company's existing remuneration policy was approved by shareholders at the Annual General Meeting in 2020 (the ""2020 Policy""). The remuneration policy on which shareholders are being asked to vote at the Annual General Meeting in 2023 (the ""2023 Policy"") is set out in full on pages 190 to 205 of the 2022 Annual Report and  subject to shareholder approval  will replace the 2020 Policy with effect from the end of the 2023 Annual General Meeting. The statement by Nicole Piasecki  Chair of the Remuneration Committee  on pages 160 to 164 of the 2022 Annual Report gives further context to and rationale for the changes to the policy since that approved in 2020. 1.2 Resolution 3 - Approval of Directors' Remuneration Report The statement by the Remuneration Committee Chair and the Annual Remuneration Report (on pages 160 to 189 of the 2022 Annual Report) is being put to the shareholders as an annual advisory vote. As required by regulation  the statement by the Chair of the Remuneration Committee covers major decisions on directors' remuneration during the year  changes during the year  and the context in which the changes occurred and the decisions have been taken. The Annual Remuneration Report reports on how the 2020 Policy has been implemented and sets out payments made in the ﬁnancial year ended 31 December 2022. 1.3 Resolutions 5-15 - Directors Standing For Re-election In line with the provisions of the UK Corporate Governance Code (the ""Code"") and the Company's Articles of Association  all directors are standing for election or re-election to the Board except Sir Roger Carr who is standing down from the Board with effect from the close of the AGM  having served as Chairman for nine years. The Chairman has conﬁrmed that  based on the formal performance evaluations undertaken at the end of 2022 and the beginning of 2023  all of the Directors remain committed to the role and the individual performance and contribution of all Directors continues to be effective. Also  in compliance with the Code  the Company ensures that non-executive directors have sufﬁcient time to fulﬁl their obligations. This is assessed when a Director is appointed and also in the event of there being a material change to an individual's circumstances. The biographies set out opposite summarise the skills  competence and experience of each of the Directors which highlight their individual contributions to the Board and their composite expertise. Directors' Biographies Nick Anderson - Non-executive director Appointed to the Board: 2020 Nationality: UK Key contribution: Deep knowledge and experience of leading international engineering and manufacturing operations. Skills  competence and experience: As Group Chief Executive of a FTSE 100 industrial engineering company  Nick has a strong record of leading and growing global businesses. Since being appointed Group Chief Executive of Spirax-Sarco Engineering plc in January 2014  Nick has overseen the successful global growth of Spirax-Sarco Engineering  which serves customers in 130 countries worldwide. Prior to his roles at Spirax-Sarco Engineering  he was Vice-President of John Crane Asia Paciﬁc and President of John Crane Latin America. Other non-executive appointments: None Committee membership: Environmental  Social and Governance Committee  Innovation and Technology Committee and Nominations Committee. Tom Arseneault - President and Chief Executive Ofﬁcer of BAE Systems  Inc. Appointed to the Board: 2020 Nationality: US Key contribution: Business leadership and wide-ranging operational experience in US defence and commercial aerospace markets. Skills  competence and experience: Tom was appointed to the Board on 1 April 2020  serving as President and Chief Executive Ofﬁcer of BAE Systems  Inc. Throughout his career  Tom has led complex organisations responsible for fulﬁlling critical and technologically challenging missions. Most recently he served as President and Chief Operating Ofﬁcer of BAE Systems Inc.  having spent over 20 years in various senior roles within BAE Systems  Inc. Prior to his senior leadership appointments  Tom managed various organisations and programmes for Sanders  a Lockheed Martin Company  until it was acquired by BAE Systems in 2000. Earlier in his career  he held a variety of engineering and programme management positions with General Electric and TASC. Tom is a member of the Executive committee of the Aerospace Industries Association. Non-executive appointments: None. Crystal E. Ashby - Non-executive director Appointed to the Board: 2021 Nationality: US Key contribution: Business leadership and expertise in human resources  government affairs  legal  corporate communications and regulatory matters. Skills  competence and experience: Crystal has held various senior leadership roles within the energy and healthcare sectors and has considerable expertise in government affairs  legal and regulatory matters. She is currently the Executive Vice President and Chief People  DEI and Communications Ofﬁcer of the US health insurance company  Independence Health Group. This is an excerpt of the original content. To continue reading it  access the original document here. Attachments Original LinkOriginal DocumentPermalink Disclaimer BAE Systems plc published this content on 29 March 2023 and is solely responsible for the information contained therein. Distributed by Public  unedited and unaltered  on 29 March 2023 17:23:10 UTC.© Publicnow 2023 All news about BAE SYSTEMS PLC 12:03p FTSE 100 Ends Thursday Up 0.74%  Hitting Highest -2- DJ 10:49a BAE Systems successfully tests guided projectile AQ 10:32a BAE Systems successfully tests guided projectile; BAE Systems' Sub-Caliber Artillery Lo.. AQ 10:28a European Miners Look Better as China Recovery -2- DJ 04:58a BAE Systems Partners with Heart Aerospace to Develop Electric Aircraft Battery MT 04:56a SocGen cuts Next; Jefferies cuts CMC markets AN 03:40a BAE Systems to work with Heart Aerospace on electric airplane battery RE 03:01a BAE Systems and Heart Aerospace to Collaborate on Battery for Electric Airplane BU 03/29 Bae : Notice of 2023 Annual General Meeting (AGM) PU 03/29 Bae : Notification of Annual Report 2022 and AGM PU Analyst Recommendations on BAE SYSTEMS PLC 04:56a SocGen cuts Next; Jefferies cuts CMC markets AN 03/02 Citigroup Raises BAE Systems PT  Keeps Buy Rating MT 03/02 Numis cuts BT to 'sell'; Citigroup cuts Babcock AN",neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,positive,0.97,0.03,0.01,True,English,"['2023 Annual General Meeting', 'BAE', 'Notice', 'AGM', 'BAE Systems plc Ordinary Shareholders', 'complimentary shuttle bus service', 'Farnborough Main train station', 'multiple email addresses', 'westbound trafﬁc', 'designated car park', 'Other train stations', 'beneﬁcial holdings', 'other professional adviser', 'Government House Road', 'rail travel information', 'Farnborough International Exhibition', '2023 Annual General Meeting', 'Farnborough/Exhibition Centre signs', 'electronic voting icon', 'Hampshire GU14 6TQ', 'Hall 5/Exhibition Centre', 'AGM website page', 'ordinary shares', 'return service', 'Conference Centre', 'beneﬁt', 'other agent', 'GU14 6AZ', 'Lynchford Road', 'other shareholders', 'Required fields', 'Thursday 4 May', 'two options', 'live broadcast', 'Light refreshments', 'good practice', 'best interests', 'immediate attention', 'Financial Services', 'Markets Act', 'accompanying Form', 'south west', 'major routes', 'SatNav users', 'Aerospace Boulevard', 'Gate F.', 'Free parking', 'North Camp', 'ukor telephone', 'electronic access', 'following business', 'road map', 'Road Hall', 'physical meeting', 'First name', 'step guide', 'important part', 'bank manager', 'proxy card', 'following Resolutions', 'AGM venue', '2023 AGM', 'Notice', '24pm', 'commas', 'Message', 'questions', 'votes', '11.30am', 'governance', 'proceedings', 'hour', 'poll', 'instructions', 'lunch', 'attendees', 'arrival', 'advance', 'post', 'baesystems', '2022 Report', 'Accounts', 'companies', 'number', 'years', 'results', 'Recommendation', 'Directors', 'proposals', 'favour', 'respect', 'document', 'doubt', 'action', 'stockbroker', 'solicitor', 'accountant', 'purchaser', 'transferee', 'sale', 'transmission', 'London', 'Junction', 'M3.', 'directions', 'Queen', 'Roundabout', 'diversion', 'place', 'vicinity', 'Aldershot', 'nationalrail', 'purpose', 'Receipt']",2023-03-29,2023-03-30,marketscreener.com
21627,Euroclear,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/ERICSSON-4938/news/Ericsson-s-Annual-General-Meeting-2023-43372056/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230329,Ericsson's Annual General Meeting 2023,(marketscreener.com) STOCKHOLM  March 29  2023 /PRNewswire/ -- Telefonaktiebolaget LM Ericsson's Annual General Meeting was held today on March 29  2023 in Kista  Stockholm. Shareholders were also able to exercise their voting rights by post before the meet…,"STOCKHOLM  March 29  2023 /PRNewswire/ -- Telefonaktiebolaget LM Ericsson's (NASDAQ:ERIC) Annual General Meeting (AGM) was held today on March 29  2023 in Kista  Stockholm. Shareholders were also able to exercise their voting rights by post before the meeting.Adoption of the Profit and Loss Statements and the Balance SheetsThe AGM resolved to adopt the Profit and Loss Statement and the Balance Sheet for the Parent company as well as the Consolidated Profit and Loss Statement and the Consolidated Balance Sheet for the Group for 2022.DividendThe proposed dividend of SEK 2.70 per share was approved by the AGM. The dividend will be paid in two equal installments: SEK 1.35 per share with the record date Friday  March 31  2023  and SEK 1.35 per share with the record date Friday  September 29  2023. Euroclear Sweden AB is expected to disburse SEK 1.35 per share on Wednesday  April 5  2023  and SEK 1.35 per share on Wednesday  October 4  2023.Remuneration reportThe AGM resolved to adopt the Board of Directors' remuneration report for 2022.Discharge from liabilityThe AGM resolved to discharge Carolina Dybeck Happe and Annika Salomonsson from liability for the financial year 2022. It was recorded that shareholders representing at least one tenth of all of the shares in the company voted against discharge from liability for the other members of the Board and the President for the financial year 2022.Board of DirectorsThe AGM elected Board members in accordance with the proposal of the Nomination Committee. Jan Carlson was elected as new Chair of the Board and Jon Fredrik Baksaas  Börje Ekholm  Eric A. Elzvik  Carolina Dybeck Happe  Kristin S. Rinne  Helena Stjernholm and Jacob Wallenberg were re-elected as Board members. Jonas Synnergren and Christy Wyatt were elected new Board members. Ronnie Leten  Kurt Jofs and Nora Denzel  who did not stand for re-election  left the Board of Directors in connection with the AGM. It was also noted that the unions have appointed Torbjörn Nyman  Anders Ripa and Kjell-Åke Soting employee representatives in the Board of Directors with Ulf Rosberg  Loredana Roslund and Annika Salomonsson as deputies.Board of Directors' FeesThe AGM resolved on fees to the Board of Directors  in accordance with the Nomination Committee's proposal. Yearly fee to the Chair of the Board of SEK 4 500 000  and fees to other non-employee members of the Board  elected by the AGM  of SEK 1 140 000 each. Fees for Committee work to non-employee members of the Committees  elected by the AGM  were approved as follows: SEK 495 000 to the Chair of the Audit and Compliance Committee and SEK 285 000 to each of the other members of the Audit and Compliance Committee  SEK 210 000 to each of the Chairs of the Finance Committee  the Remuneration Committee and the Technology and Science Committee  and SEK 185 000 to each of the other members of the Finance Committee  the Remuneration Committee and the Technology and Science Committee.The AGM approved the Nomination Committee's proposal to enable payment of part of the fees to the members of the Board for the Board assignment (excluding fees for Committee work)  in the form of synthetic shares.AuditorThe AGM re-elected Deloitte AB as auditor for the period up until the end of the AGM 2024 and approved the Nomination Committee´s proposal for auditor fee.Long-Term Variable Compensation ProgramsLong-Term Variable Compensation Program I 2023 (LTV I 2023)In accordance with the Board of Directors' proposals  the AGM resolved on implementation of LTV I 2023 for the members of the Executive Team  including the President and CEO  (currently 17 individuals)  comprising a maximum of 4.1 million B-shares in Ericsson. ""Performance Share Awards"" will be granted free of charge entitling the participant to receive a number of shares  free of charge  following the expiration of a three-year vesting period  provided that certain performance conditions are met and that the participant retains his or her employment. The 4.1 million B-shares covered by LTV I 2023 correspond to approximately 0.12 percent of the total number of registered shares of the company.Furthermore  the AGM resolved to approve the Board of Directors' proposal to hedge the company's undertakings under LTV I 2023 through an equity swap agreement with a third party.Long-Term Variable Compensation Program II 2023 (LTV II 2023)In accordance with the Board of Directors' proposals  the AGM resolved as follows:Implementation of LTV II 2023 for employees classified as Executives  excluding the President and CEO and Executive Team  (currently approximately 180 employees)  comprising a maximum of 5.9 million B-shares in Ericsson. ""Performance Share Awards"" will be granted free of charge entitling the participant to receive a number of shares  free of charge  following the expiration of a three-year vesting period  provided that certain performance conditions are met and that the participant retains his or her employment. The 5.9 million B-shares covered by LTV II 2023 correspond to approximately 0.18 percent of the total number of registered shares of the company.A directed issue of 5.9 million C-shares to Investor AB  or subsidiaries of Investor AB  at a subscription price corresponding to the quota value of the share (approximately SEK 5 ).Authorization for the Board of Directors to  prior to the AGM 2024  resolve on an acquisition offer regarding the 5.9 million C-shares at a price per share corresponding to the quota value of the share (approximately SEK 5 ). Following the acquisition  the C-shares will  in accordance with the articles of association  be converted into B-shares  which thereafter can be transferred to employees and on an exchange.Transfer of no more than 4.9 million B-shares  free of consideration  to employees covered by the terms of the LTV II 2023. The AGM further resolved to authorize the Board of Directors to decide to  in conjunction with the delivery of vested shares under LTV II 2023  prior to the AGM 2024  retain and sell no more than 60% of the vested B-shares on Nasdaq Stockholm at a price within the  at each time  prevailing price interval for the share  in order to cover for the costs for withholding and paying tax and social security liabilities on behalf of the participants of LTV II 2023 in relation to the Performance Share Awards for remittance to revenue authorities.Transfer of no more than 1.0 million B-shares on Nasdaq Stockholm  prior to the AGM 2024  at a price within the  at each time  prevailing price interval for the share  to cover certain expenses  mainly social security payments.Transfer of treasury stock to employees and on an exchange  directed share issues and acquisition offer for the previously resolved LTV programs 2021 and 2022 (LTV 2021 and LTV 2022)The AGM resolved to approve the Board of Directors' proposals on:directed issues of in total 4.1 million C-shares to Investor AB  or subsidiaries of Investor AB  at a subscription price corresponding to the quota value of the share (approximately SEK 5);authorization for the Board of Directors to  prior to the AGM 2024  resolve on an acquisition offer regarding the 4.1 million C-shares at a price per share corresponding to the quota value of the share (approximately SEK 5 ); following the acquisition  the C-shares will  in accordance with the articles of association  be converted into B-shares  which thereafter can be transferred to employees and on an exchange;); following the acquisition  the C-shares will  in accordance with the articles of association  be converted into B-shares  which thereafter can be transferred to employees and on an exchange; transfer of no more than 3.1 million B-shares  free of consideration  to employees covered by the terms of LTV 2021 and LTV 2022  with an authorization for the Board of Directors to decide to  in conjunction with the delivery of vested shares under LTV 2021 and LTV 2022  prior to the AGM in 2024  retain and sell no more than 60% of the vested B-shares on Nasdaq Stockholm  at a price within the  at each time  prevailing price interval for the share  in order to cover for the costs for withholding and paying tax and social security liabilities on behalf of the participants in relation to the Performance Share Awards for remittance to revenue authorities; andtransfer of no more than 1 million B-shares on Nasdaq Stockholm  prior to the AGM 2024  at a price within the  at each time  prevailing price interval for the share  to cover certain expenses  mainly social security payments.Transfer of treasury stock on an exchange for previously resolved LTV programs 2019 and 2020The AGM resolved to approve the Board of Directors' proposals on:transfer of no more than 1.4 million B-shares on Nasdaq Stockholm  prior to the AGM 2024  at a price within the  at each time  prevailing price interval for the share  to cover certain expenses  mainly social security charges  which may occur in relation to the previously resolved and ongoing LTV programs LTV 2019 and LTV 2020; andauthorization for the Board of Directors to decide to  in conjunction with the delivery of vested shares under LTV 2019 and LTV 2020  prior to the AGM 2024  retain and sell no more than 60% of the vested B-shares on Nasdaq Stockholm  at a price within the  at each time  prevailing price interval for the share  in order to cover for the costs for withholding and paying tax and social security liabilities on behalf of the participants in relation to the Performance Share Awards for remittance to revenue authorities.New Guidelines for remuneration to Group managementThe AGM resolved to approve the new guidelines for remuneration to Group Management  in accordance with the Board of Directors' proposal.Shares and votesThere are in total 3 334 151 735 shares in the company; 261 755 983 A-shares and 3 072 395 752 B-shares  corresponding to in total 568 995 558.2 votes. The company's holding of treasury stock as of March 29  2023  amounts to 4 009 306 B-shares  corresponding to 400 930.6 votes.NOTES TO EDITORS:FOLLOW US:Subscribe to Ericsson press releases hereSubscribe to Ericsson blog posts herehttps://twitter.com/ericssonhttps://www.facebook.com/ericssonhttps://www.linkedin.com/company/ericssonFOR FURTHER INFORMATION  PLEASE CONTACT:Contact personsPeter Nyquist  Head of Investor RelationsPhone: +46 705 75 29 06E-mail: peter.nyquist@ericsson.comMediaPeter Borsos  Head of External RelationsPhone: +46703176800E-mail: peter.borsos@ericsson.comKristoffer Edshage  Head of Regulatory and Financial CommunicationPhone: +46 722 20 44 46E-mail: kristoffer.edshage@ericsson.comMedia relationsPhone: +46 10 719 69 92E-mail: media.relations@ericsson.comABOUT ERICSSON:Ericsson enables communications service providers and enterprises to capture the full value of connectivity. The company's portfolio spans the following business areas: Networks  Cloud Software and Services  Enterprise Wireless Solutions  Global Communications Platform  and Technologies and New Businesses. It is designed to help our customers go digital  increase efficiency and find new revenue streams. Ericsson's innovation investments have delivered the benefits of mobility and mobile broadband to billions of people globally. Ericsson stock is listed on Nasdaq Stockholm and on Nasdaq New York. www.ericsson.comThe following files are available for download:https://mb.cision.com/Main/15448/3743367/1953005.pdf Ericssons Annual General Meeting 2023View original content: https://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/ericssons-annual-general-meeting-2023-301784984.htmlSOURCE Ericsson",neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,negative,0.02,0.32,0.66,True,English,"['Annual General Meeting', 'Ericsson', 'Kjell-Åke Soting employee representatives', 'Long-Term Variable Compensation Programs', 'two equal installments', 'Carolina Dybeck Happe', 'Jon Fredrik Baksaas', 'Börje Ekholm', 'Eric A. Elzvik', 'Kristin S. Rinne', 'Torbjörn Nyman', 'equity swap agreement', 'Euroclear Sweden AB', 'three-year vesting period', 'Annual General Meeting', 'Consolidated Balance Sheet', 'other non-employee members', 'Performance Share Awards', 'new Board members', 'Deloitte AB', 'performance conditions', 'Balance Sheets', 'other members', 'voting rights', 'Loss Statements', 'record date', 'Remuneration report', 'Annika Salomonsson', 'financial year', 'one tenth', 'Nomination Committee', 'Jan Carlson', 'Helena Stjernholm', 'Jacob Wallenberg', 'Jonas Synnergren', 'Christy Wyatt', 'Ronnie Leten', 'Kurt Jofs', 'Nora Denzel', 'Anders Ripa', 'Ulf Rosberg', 'Loredana Roslund', 'Yearly fee', 'Committee work', 'Compliance Committee', 'Finance Committee', 'Remuneration Committee', 'Science Committee', 'Executive Team', '4.1 million B-shares', 'third party', '5.9 million B-shares', 'LTV I', 'Consolidated Profit', 'new Chair', ""Directors' proposals"", 'synthetic shares', 'registered shares', 'The AGM', 'LM Ericsson', 'auditor fee', 'total number', 'Board assignment', 'Parent company', ""Directors' Fees"", 'March', 'PRNewswire', 'Telefonaktiebolaget', 'Kista', 'Stockholm', 'Shareholders', 'post', 'Adoption', 'Group', 'Dividend', 'SEK 2.70', 'September', 'Wednesday', 'April', 'October', 'Discharge', 'liability', 'President', 'accordance', 'election', 'connection', 'unions', 'deputies', 'Committees', 'Chairs', 'Technology', 'payment', 'implementation', 'CEO', '17 individuals', 'maximum', 'participant', 'expiration', 'employment', '0.12 percent', 'undertakings', 'employees', 'Executives', '0.18 percent']",2023-03-29,2023-03-30,marketscreener.com
21628,Euroclear,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/SAMPO-OYJ-42062213/news/Proposals-of-Sampo-plc-s-Board-of-Directors-and-its-committees-to-the-Annual-General-Meeting-43365765/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230329,Proposals of Sampo plc's Board of Directors and its committees to the Annual General Meeting,(marketscreener.com) SAMPO PLC                        STOCK EXCHANGE RELEASE                  29 March 2023 at 1:20 pm EEST Proposals of Sampo plc's...https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/SAMPO-OYJ-42062213/news/Proposals-of-Sampo-plc-s-Board-of-Directo…,Proposals of Sampo plc's Board of Directors and its committees to the Annual General Meeting 03/29/2023 | 06:21am EDT Send by mail :Name : First name : From * : To * : (You can enter multiple email addresses separated by commas) Message : * Required fields SAMPO PLC STOCK EXCHANGE RELEASE 29 March 2023 at 1:20 pm EEST Proposals of Sampo plc's Board of Directors and its committees to the Annual General Meeting Sampo plc's Board of Directors and its committees have made the following proposals to the Annual General Meeting to be held on 17 May 2023: • Proposal for distribution of profit • Proposal for the remuneration of the members of the Board of Directors • Proposal for the number of members and the members of the Board of Directors • Proposal for the remuneration of the Auditor • Proposal for the election of the Auditor • Proposal for authorisation on the repurchase of the company’s own shares • Proposal on the amendment of articles 3 §  4 § and 14 § of the company’s Articles of Association • Proposal on the amendment of article 11 § of the company’s Articles of Association • Proposal for the authorisation to resolve upon a share issue without payment (share split) • Proposal for the partial demerger of Sampo plc The Board proposes to the Annual General Meeting a dividend of EUR 2.60 per share. In addition  the Board proposes to the AGM for authorisation to resolve upon a share issue without payment (share split). Based on the proposed authorisation  the Board of Directors could resolve to issue new shares to all shareholders without payment in proportion to their holdings so that a maximum of five (5) new A shares would be issued for each current A share and a maximum of five (5) new B shares would be issued for each current B share. Based on the number of shares  a maximum of 2 581 897 560 new A shares and a maximum of 1 000 000 new B shares would be issued. The share issue without payment would not require any action from the shareholders. Further information is available in the appendix 9. The Board of Directors proposes to the Annual General Meeting that the Annual General Meeting authorise the Board to resolve to repurchase  on one or several occasions  a maximum of 50 000 000 Sampo plc's A shares representing approximately 9.7 per cent of all outstanding A shares of the company. If the Annual General Meeting approves the Board's proposal to authorise the Board to decide on a share issue without consideration (share split) and the Board decides on a share issue without consideration in accordance with the authorisation  a maximum of 300 000 000 Sampo plc's A shares may be repurchased  representing approximately 9.7 per cent of all outstanding A shares of the company after the new shares to be issued in the share issue without consideration have been registered. The repurchased shares will be cancelled. Further information is available in appendix 6. As disclosed earlier this morning  the Board has resolved to propose to the AGM a partial demerger of Sampo plc to separate Mandatum from the Group. Further information on the partial demerger proposal is available in appendix 10 and at the company’s website at www.sampo.com/demerger . Proposals for the remuneration  number  and members of the Board of Directors The Nomination and Remuneration Committee of the Board of Directors proposes to the Annual General Meeting that the number of Board members that be increased by one and that ten members be elected to the Board. The Nomination and Remuneration Committee proposes that the current members of the Board Christian Clausen  Fiona Clutterbuck  Georg Ehrnrooth  Jannica Fagerholm  Johanna Lamminen  Steve Langan  Risto Murto and Markus Rauramo be re-elected for a term continuing until the close of the next Annual General Meeting. The Committee proposes that Antti Mäkinen and Annica Witschard be elected as new members to the Board. The Nomination and Remuneration Committee proposes that the Board members elect Antti Mäkinen from among its number as the Chair of the Board and Jannica Fagerholm as the Vice Chair. Sampo plc’s long-standing Chair of the Board Björn Wahlroos has notified the Nomination and Remuneration Committee of the Board of Directors that he is no longer available for re-election. Further  Johanna Lamminen has notified the Committee that she will no longer continue on the Board of Directors of Sampo plc if and when the demerger of Sampo plc is completed in accordance with the demerger plan approved and signed by the Board of Directors on 29 March 2023  so that she may devote sufficient time to her duties. In such event the number of Board members of Sampo plc will decrease to nine. The Nomination and Remuneration Committee of the Board of Directors proposes to the Annual General Meeting that each member of the Board of Directors be paid an annual fee of EUR 101 000 until the close of the next Annual General Meeting and the Chair of the Board be paid EUR 228 000. Furthermore  the Nomination and Remuneration Committee proposes that the members of the Board of Directors and its Committees be paid the following annual fees: • the Vice Chair of the Board be paid EUR 30 000  • the Chair of the Audit Committee be paid EUR 28 000  and • each member of the Audit Committee be paid EUR 6 400. Other proposals In light of the Company’s recent strategic developments and the separate proposal made to the Annual General Meeting regarding a share issue without payment  the Board of Directors has considered that the Articles of Association should be updated. The Board of Directors proposes that article 3 § of the Company’s Articles of Association is amended in accordance with the Sampo Group strategy announced on 24 February 2021 to reflect the Company’s current strategy and main business area. In addition  the Board proposes that article 4 § of the Company’s Articles of Association is amended pursuant to the proposed authorisation for the Board of Directors to resolve upon a share issue without payment (share split)  which necessitates a deletion of the minimum and maximum amounts set for the Company’s A and B shares. Further  it is proposed that certain other technical amendments are made to the Articles of Association  which streamline the Articles of Association and ensure that it is in line with the current wordings of the Finnish Companies Act. The Board of Directors proposes to the Annual General Meeting that the Annual General Meeting resolves to amend article 11 § of the Company’s Articles of Association such that  should the Board of Directors so decide  General Meetings may be convened as a so-called hybrid or remote meeting. The Board of Directors proposes that the firm of authorised public accountants Deloitte Ltd be re-elected as the Company’s auditor for the financial year 2023. The Board’s proposals in their entirety are attached in full to this release. SAMPO PLCBoard of Directors For further information  please contact:Sami TaipalusHead of Investor Relationstel. +358 10 516 0030 Maria SilanderCommunications Manager  Media Relationstel. +358 10 516 0031 Mirko HurmerintaInvestor Relations Managertel. +358 10 516 0032 Distribution:Nasdaq HelsinkiNasdaq StockholmLondon Stock ExchangeThe principal mediaFIN-FSAwww.sampo.comAPPENDIX 1 Proposal of the Board of Directors for distribution of profit Dividend Under Sampo Group’s capital management framework  Sampo will return ongoing surplus capital generation from its insurance operations through a regular dividend. Other forms of surplus capital generation  including possible proceeds from disposals of financial investments  are returned through additional dividends and/or buybacks  to the extent that the funds are not utilised to support business development. Sampo targets a Solvency II ratio of 170–190 per cent and financial leverage below 30 per cent. According to Sampo plc’s Dividend Policy applied for distribution of 2022 earnings  total annual dividends paid shall represent at least 70 per cent of Sampo Group’s net profit for the year (excluding extraordinary items). In 2022  accounting items related to the sale of Nordea shares  the sale of Topdanmark life insurance operations and the reclassification of Nordax from an associated company to fair value investment have been defined as extraordinary in accordance with Sampo’s dividend policy. The parent company’s distributable capital and reserves totalled EUR 6 715 706 916.29 of which profit for the financial year 2022 was EUR 1 780 426 719.09. Based on the policies outlined above  the Board proposes to the Annual General Meeting that a total dividend of EUR 2.60 per share be paid to all shares except for the shares held by Sampo plc on the dividend record date of 22 May 2023. The total dividend includes a regular dividend of EUR 1.80 per share as well as an extra dividend of EUR 0.80 per share. As earnings per share excluding extraordinary items amounted to EUR 2.41 per share  the payout ratio for the total dividend equates to 108 per cent. The remainder of the distributable funds are left in the company’s equity capital. After adjusting for the proposed dividend  Sampo Group’s 2022 year-end distributable funds amounted to EUR 5 378 million  Group Solvency II ratio to 210 per cent and financial leverage to 28.6 per cent. Dividend payment The dividend is proposed to be paid to the shareholders registered in the register of shareholders held by Euroclear Finland Oy as at the record date of 22 May 2023. The Board proposes that the dividends be paid on 31 May 2023. The issuer of the Swedish depository receipts shall ensure that the dividend is paid to the depository receipt holders registered in the securities depository and settlement register maintained by Euroclear Sweden AB as at the record date of 22 May 2023  which payment shall be made in Swedish kronor. Financial position No significant changes have taken place in the company's financial position since the end of the financial year. The company's liquidity position is good and in the view of the Board  the proposed distributions do not jeopardise the company's ability to fulfil its obligations. 10 February 2023 SAMPO PLCBoard of Directors APPENDIX 2 Proposal of the Nomination and Remuneration Committee for the remuneration of the members of the Board of Directors The Nomination and Remuneration Committee of the Board of Directors proposes to the Annual General Meeting that each member of the Board of Directors be paid an annual fee of EUR 101 000 until the close of the next Annual General Meeting and the Chair of the Board be paid EUR 228 000. Furthermore  the Nomination and Remuneration Committee proposes that the members of the Board of Directors and its Committees be paid the following annual fees: the Vice Chair of the Board be paid EUR 30 000 the Chair of the Audit Committee be paid EUR 28 000  andeach member of the Audit Committee be paid EUR 6 400. In determining the proposed fees  the Nomination and Remuneration Committee’s primary objective is to ensure Sampo’s continued ability to compete for domestic and international top-of-the-class Board competence. The objective is especially relevant at times when the Board is undergoing significant changes  such as when nominating a successor to the long-standing Chair of the Board  and new Board members are being sought. In the fourteen years preceding Sampo’s Annual General Meeting to be held on 17 May 2023  the annual fees of Sampo plc’s Board members  including Committee members’ fees but excluding the fees of the Vice Chair of the Board and Chair of the Audit Committee  have been increased by 1.7 per cent per annum on average. The annual fees of the Chair of the Board during the same period have been increased by 1.2 per cent per annum on average. The annual fees of the Board remained entirely static during 2008–2015.The proposed increase in the annual fees of the Board members is approximately 3 per cent. In determining the proposed fees  the Committee has benchmarked the current annual fees against the fees paid to Boards of companies similar to Sampo Group. Based on this comparison  the Committee concluded that the annual fee of the Board members is on a level comparable to the average annual fees paid to Board members of international peers. The Committee has also considered the effect of regulations applicable to Sampo Group on the demands of the Board’s work. In searching for a suitable candidate to be nominated as Chair of the Board  the Committee concluded that in order to attract top-of-the-class Board competence  the annual fee of the Chair of the Board is to be notably increased. The significance of the annual fee’s competitiveness is amplified by the fact that the newly nominated Chair of the Board is not a significant shareholder of the company  unlike the current Chair of the Board. With reference to the above  the Committee considers the proposed increase in the annual fee of the Chair of the Board of 20 per cent as justified. In determining the proposed fee  the Committee has benchmarked the current annual fee against the fees paid to the Chairs of the Boards of companies similar to Sampo Group and operating in the same geographical market. Based on this comparison  the Committee concluded that the annual fee of the Chair of the Board is considerably below the average annual fees paid to Chairs of the Boards of international peers in the financial sector  especially when considering the ratio of the annual fee of the Chair of the Board as compared to the annual fee of the Board members.Potential statutory social and pension costs incurring to Board members having permanent residence outside Finland will  according to applicable national legislation  be borne by Sampo plc. In addition  actual travel and accommodation costs incurring to a Board member will be reimbursed.A Board member shall  in accordance with the resolution of the Annual General Meeting  acquire Sampo plc A shares at the price paid in public trading for 50 per cent of his/her annual fee after the deduction of taxes  payments and potential statutory social and pension costs. The company will pay any possible transfer tax related to the acquisition of the company shares. A Board member shall make the purchase of shares during 2023 after the publication of the Interim Statement for January-September 2023 or  if this is not feasible because of insider regulations  on the first possible date thereafter. A Board member shall be obliged to retain the Sampo plc A shares under his/her ownership for two years from the purchasing date. The disposal restriction on the Sampo shares shall  however  be removed earlier in case the director’s Board membership ends prior to release of the restricted shares i.e. the shares will be released simultaneously when the term of the Board membership ends. If the director’s Board membership ends prior to the close of the next Annual General Meeting  the annual fees paid to such Board member may be recovered in proportion to the term of the Board membership left unserved. 29 March 2023 SAMPO PLCNomination and Remuneration Committee APPENDIX 3 Proposal of the Nomination and Remuneration Committee for the number of members of the Board of Directors and the members of the Board of Directors Number of members and composition of the Board of Directors The Nomination and Remuneration Committee of the Board of Directors proposes to the Annual General Meeting that the number of Board members be increased by one and that ten members be elected to the Board. Sampo plc’s long-standing Chair of the Board Björn Wahlroos has notified the Nomination and Remuneration Committee of the Board of Directors that he is no longer available for re-election. Further  Johanna Lamminen has notified the Committee that she will no longer continue on the Board of Directors of Sampo plc if and when the demerger of Sampo plc is completed in accordance with the demerger plan approved and signed by the Board of Directors on 29 March 2023  so that she may devote sufficient time to her duties. In such event the number of Board members of Sampo plc will decrease to nine. The Nomination and Remuneration Committee of the Board of Directors proposes that the current members of the Board Christian Clausen  Fiona Clutterbuck  Georg Ehrnrooth  Jannica Fagerholm  Johanna Lamminen  Steve Langan  Risto Murto and Markus Rauramo be re-elected for a term continuing until the close of the next Annual General Meeting. The Committee proposes that Antti Mäkinen and Annica Witschard be elected as new members to the Board. The Nomination and Remuneration Committee proposes that the Board members elect Antti Mäkinen from among its number as the Chair of the Board and Jannica Fagerholm as the Vice Chair. It is proposed that Christian Clausen  Risto Murto  Antti Mäkinen (Chair) and Markus Rauramo be elected to the Nomination and Remuneration Committee  and that Fiona Clutterbuck  Georg Ehrnrooth  Jannica Fagerholm (Chair)  Johanna Lamminen  Steve Langan and Annica Witschard be elected to the Audit Committee. The compositions of the Committees fulfil the Finnish Corporate Governance Code 2020’s requirements for independence. It is the opinion of the Nomination and Remuneration Committee that the proposed Board of Directors and its members are suitable for the assignment both collectively and individually and that Antti Mäkinen is suitable for the position of Chair of the Board. Further  the Committee is of the opinion that the proposed Board of Directors enables it to work effectively and reflects Sampo plc’s short- and long-term needs. New Board members Antti Mäkinen has over 20 years of experience working at the highest levels of the financial industry  including having worked as CEO of Solidium and eQ as well as in key management positions in SEB Enskilda Securities and Nordea. Mäkinen has also served as Chair of the Board of Directors of Stora Enso  as well as on the Boards of Directors of Sampo and Metso Outotec. Mäkinen was born in 1961 and holds a Master of Laws degree from the University of Helsinki. Annica Witschard has over 10 years of managerial experience in the financial industry  including PPF/Home Credit and GE Money Bank. She was born in 1973 and holds a Master of Science in Business and Economics from Linköping University. Diversity and independence When proposing the composition of the Board of Directors  the aim of the Nomination and Remuneration Committee is to ensure that the Board of Directors is composed of first-rate professionals and that the Board of Directors as a whole for the purpose of its work possesses the requisite knowledge of and experience in the social  business and cultural conditions of the regions and markets in which the main activities of the Group are carried out. When proposing the composition of the Board of Directors  it is recognised that diversity  including age  gender  geographical provenance and educational and professional background  is an important factor in accordance with the Sampo plc Board Diversity Policy. According to the target set by the Board  each gender shall be represented by at least 37.5 per cent of the members of the Board. The proposed composition of the Board results in each gender being represented by at least 40 per cent of the members of the Board. The Committee’s proposal also takes into consideration the proposed partial demerger of Sampo plc. The Committee’s proposal ensures that the Boards of Directors of both Sampo plc and Mandatum plc can be formed such that they comprise of first-rate Board members who are knowledgeable and experienced in the relevant business  ensuring continuity in each Board’s work. Jannica Fagerholm and Johanna Lamminen are both proposed to be members of Mandatum plc’s Board of Directors  in accordance with the demerger plan approved and signed by the Board of Directors of Sampo plc on 29 March 2023. In the event that Johanna Lamminen resigns as a Board member as a consequence of the proposed partial demerger of Sampo plc  the composition of the Board will temporarily deviate from the target of each gender being represented by at least 37.5 per cent of the members of the Board. In such event  the Board of Directors remains committed to reaching its target of having both genders represented in the Board and will endeavour to reach the target when proposing candidates for Board membership next time. The Committee has assessed that in light of the strategic development of Sampo Group  and taking into consideration the dual listing of Sampo plc on Nasdaq Stockholm  the composition of Sampo plc’s Board of Directors shall in addition to the current knowledge emphasise expertise and knowledge of Sweden’s geographical market. All the proposed Board members have been determined to be independent of the company and its major shareholders under the rules of the Finnish Corporate Governance Code 2020. In so determining  the Committee has taken into account that Jannica Fagerholm will have served on Sampo plc’s Board of Directors in excess of 10 consecutive years. Based on an overall assessment  the Committee has determined that Jannica Fagerholm’s independence is not compromised due to her long service history on its own  and no other factors or circumstances have been identified that would impair her independence. The CVs of all persons proposed as Board members are available at www.sampo.com/agm. 29 March 2023 SAMPO PLCNomination and Remuneration Committee Annex 1: CV of Antti Mäkinen Curriculum Vitae: Antti Mäkinen Born 1961 Education: University of Helsinki- Master of Laws 1986 Career: Solidium- CEO 2017–2022 Nordea Bank AB (publ)- Several director positions 2010–2017 eQ Corporation- CEO 2005–2009 SEB Enskilda Securities- Finnish branch  Director 1996–2005 Hannes Snellman Attorneys Ltd- Partner 1985-1996 Positions of trust: Stora Enso  Chair of the Board of Directors 2021–23  member 2018–2021  2023- Metso Outotec Corporation  member of the Board of Directors 2020–2023 (Metso Corporation 2018–2019) Sampo plc  member of the Board of Directors 2018–2021 Annex 2: CV of Annica Witschard Curriculum Vitae: Annica Witschard Born 1973 Current Position: PPF/Home Credit Vietnam • CEO 2020– Education: University of Linköping • Master of Science (Business & Economics) 1999 Career: PPF/Home Credit • President & CEO for Home Credit Philippines 2016–2019 General Electric (GE Money) • CEO  GE Capital Nordics & GE Money Bank AB 2012–2015 • Country Leader  GE Money Bank Sweden 2009–2012 • Operations Leader  GE Money Bank Sweden 2006–2009 • Operations Development Leader  GE Money Bank Sweden 2003–2005 • Quality Project Leader  GE Capital Bank 2001–2003 • European Management Development Program  GE Capital 1999–2001 APPENDIX 4 Proposal of the Audit Committee for the remuneration of the Auditor The Audit Committee of the Board of Directors proposes to the Annual General Meeting that compensation be paid to the Company’s Auditor against an invoice approved by the Company. As background to the proposal  the Audit Committee states that Deloitte Ltd has acted as Sampo plc’s Auditor in 2022. The fees paid by Sampo plc to Deloitte Ltd for statutory audit services invoiced in 2022 totaled approximately EUR 975 000. In addition  Sampo plc paid Deloitte Ltd a total of approximately EUR 112 100 in fees for non-audit services. The fees paid by Sampo Group to audit firm Deloitte for statutory audit services in 2022 totaled approximately EUR 4 266 700. In addition  Sampo Group paid audit firm Deloitte a total of approximately EUR 743 900 in fees for non-audit services  which is at most approximately 18 per cent of the fees paid by Sampo Group to audit firm Deloitte for statutory audit services. The Auditor’s fees for services provided to Sampo Group have been presented in note 31 of the annex to the consolidated financial statements. 29 March 2023 SAMPO PLCAudit Committee APPENDIX 5 Proposal of the Audit Committee for the election of the Auditor The Audit Committee of the Board of Directors proposes to the Annual General Meeting that the firm of authorised public accountants Deloitte Ltd be re-elected as the Company’s auditor for the financial year 2023. If Deloitte Ltd is elected as Sampo plc’s auditor  the firm has announced that APA Jukka Vattulainen will continue as the auditor with principal responsibility. APA Jukka Vattulainen has acted as the company’s principally responsible auditor since 2021. The Audit Committee notes that its proposal is free from influence by a third party  and the Audit Committee is not subject to compliance with any such clauses referred to in Article 16(6) of the Audit Regulation (Regulation (EU) No 537/2014 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 16 April 2014 on specific requirements regarding statutory audit of public-interest entities and repealing Commission Decision 2005/909/EC) that restrict the choice as regards the election of a statutory auditor or audit firm. 29 March 2023 SAMPO PLCAudit Committee APPENDIX 6 Proposal of the Board of Directors for authorisation to decide on the repurchase of the company’s own shares The Board of Directors proposes to the Annual General Meeting that the Annual General Meeting authorise the Board to resolve to repurchase  on one or several occasions  a maximum of 50 000 000 Sampo plc's A shares representing approximately 9.7 per cent of all outstanding A shares of the company. If the Annual General Meeting approves the Board's proposal to authorise the Board to decide on a share issue without consideration (share split) in accordance with Section 20 of the Notice of the Annual General Meeting  and the Board decides on a share issue without consideration in accordance with the authorisation  a maximum of 300 000 000 Sampo plc's A shares may be repurchased  representing approximately 9.7 per cent of all outstanding A shares of the company after the new shares to be issued in the share issue without consideration pursuant to Section 20 of the Notice of the Annual General Meeting have been registered. The repurchased shares will be cancelled. The shares may be repurchased either through an offer to all shareholders on equal terms or through other means and otherwise than in proportion to the existing shareholdings of the company’s shareholders (directed repurchase) if the Board of Directors deems that there are weighty financial reasons for such directed repurchase. Directed repurchases may be carried out  among others  through open market purchases  participation in accelerated book-building processes or through arranging reversed accelerated book-building processes. The purchase price per share shall be no more than (i) the highest price paid for the company's shares in public trading on the day of the repurchase or the offer to repurchase the company's own shares  or alternatively  (ii) the average of the share prices (volume weighted average price on the regulated markets where the company's share is admitted to trading) during the five trading days preceding the repurchase or the offer to repurchase the company's own shares giving retrospective effect to a potential share split increasing the total number of shares. The lowest purchase price per share shall be the price that is 20 per cent lower than the lowest price paid for the company's shares in public trading during the validity of this authorisation until the repurchase or the offer to repurchase the company's own shares giving retrospective effect to a potential share split increasing the total number of shares. The repurchases under the authorisation are proposed to be carried out by using funds in the unrestricted shareholders' equity  which means that the repurchases will reduce funds available for distribution of profit. The Board of Directors shall be authorised to decide on all other terms relating to the repurchase of the company's own shares. The holder of all of Sampo plc's B shares has given its consent to a buy-back of A shares. It is proposed that the authorisation be valid until the close of the next Annual General Meeting  however no longer than 18 months from the Annual General Meeting's decision. 29 March 2023 SAMPO PLCBoard of Directors APPENDIX 7 Proposal of the Board of Directors on the amendment of articles 3 §  4 § and 14 § of the company’s articles of association The Board of Directors proposes to the Annual General Meeting that the Annual General Meeting resolves to amend the Company’s Articles of Association in accordance with the following and such that articles 3–4 § and 14 § are amended as set out below. A comparison against the current wording may be found in the attached table. Sampo plc’s Articles of Association were last amended by the Annual General Meeting held on 19 April 2018. In light of the Company’s recent strategic developments and the separate proposal made to the Annual General Meeting regarding a share issue without payment  the Company’s Board of Directors has considered that the Articles of Association as they pertain to the Company’s business area and the number of shares of both share classes should be updated. Further  it is proposed that certain other technical amendments are made to the Articles of Association  which streamline the Articles of Association and ensure that it is in line with the current wordings of the Finnish Companies Act. The most significant proposed changes to the Articles of Association are: 3 § Business area of the Company The Board of Directors proposes that article 3 § of the Company’s Articles of Association is amended in accordance with the Sampo Group strategy announced on 24 February 2021 to reflect the Company’s current strategy and main business area. In its amended form  said article would read as follows: “The Company operates as the parent company of Sampo Group  which has its focus on P&C insurance. The Company sets the Group’s strategy and capital management framework and carries out centrally-managed Group tasks. The Company may also own and manage shares  other securities and properties  and to engage in securities trading and other investment activities.” 4 § Classes of shares The Board of Directors proposes that article 4 § of the Company’s Articles of Association is amended pursuant to the proposed authorisation for the Board of Directors to resolve upon a share issue without payment (share split)  which necessitates a deletion of the minimum and maximum amounts set for the Company’s A and B shares. In its amended form  said article would read as follows: “The shares are divided into A and B classes  with each A share entitling its holder to one vote and each B share entitling its holder to five votes at a General Meeting of Shareholders. Each B share can be converted into an A share at the request of the holder of the B share or  with respect to nominee-registered shares  at the request of the nominee under whose name the shares are registered in the Shareholders’ Register. The conversion request shall be made in writing to the Company. The request shall specify the number of shares to be converted and the book-entry securities account where the shares are to be entered. The Company may request that an entry be made in the shareholders’ book-entry securities account during the conversion procedure restricting the owner’s right of disposal. Any decisions on conversion and related details shall be made by the Board of Directors or the Board’s authorised representative.” 14 § The Board of Directors proposes that article 14 § of the Company’s Articles of Association is amended such that the matters to be addressed in the Annual General Meeting are supplemented in accordance with the Finnish Companies Act such that the Annual General Meeting shall decide on the remuneration policy  when necessary  and decide on the acceptance of the remuneration report. Further  the numbering of current subsections 6—10 shall be changed accordingly due to the above-mentioned amendments. Additionally  the Board of Directors proposes that subsection 1 is supplemented with a reference to the reception of the Report of the Board of Directors and subsection 4 is amended to correspond to the wording of the Finnish Companies Act. In its amended form  said article would read as follows: “The Annual General Meeting shall receive1. the Financial Statements and the Report of the Board of Directors 2. the Auditors' Report decide on3. the acceptance of the Financial Statements4. the use of the profit shown on the balance sheet5. the release from liability of the members of the Board of Directors and the Managing Director6. the Remuneration Policy  when necessary7. the acceptance of the Remuneration Report8. the number of members of the Board of Directors and their fees9. the fees of the Auditor elect10. the members of the Board of Directors11. the Auditor discuss12. any other business on the meeting agenda.” 29 March 2023 SAMPO PLCBoard of Directors Appendix: Current wording Proposed new wording 3 § Business area of the CompanyThe Company’s business area is to own and manage shares  other securities and properties  and to engage in securities trading and other investment activities. The Company carries out centrally-managed Group administration tasks for the credit institutions  insurance companies and other companies that are part of the Group. Business area of the CompanyThe Company operates as the parent company of Sampo Group  which has its focus on P&C insurance. The Company sets the Group’s strategy and capital management framework and carries out centrally-managed Group tasks. The Company may also own and manage shares  other securities and properties  and to engage in securities trading and other investment activities.4 § Classes of sharesThe shares are divided into A and B classes  with the number of A shares being 179 000 000 at minimum and 711 200 000 at maximum  and the number of B shares being 0 at minimum and 4 800 000 at maximum. Each A share entitles its holder to one vote and each B share entitles its holder to five votes at a General Meeting of Shareholders.Each B share can be converted into an A share at the request of the holder of the B share or  with respect to nominee-registered shares  at the request of the nominee under whose name the shares are registered in the Shareholders’ Register. The conversion request shall be made in writing to the Company. The request shall specify the number of shares to be converted and the book-entry securities account where the shares are to be entered. The Company may request that an entry be made in the shareholders’ book-entry securities account during the conversion procedure restricting the owner’s right of disposal. Any decisions on conversion and related details shall be made by the Board of Directors or theBoard’s authorised representative. Classes of sharesThe shares are divided into A and B classes  with each A share entitling its holder to one vote and each B share entitling its holder to five votes at a General Meeting of Shareholders.Each B share can be converted into an A share at the request of the holder of the B share or  with respect to nominee-registered shares  at the request of the nominee under whose name the shares are registered in the Shareholders’ Register. The conversion request shall be made in writing to the Company. The request shall specify the number of shares to be converted and the book-entry securities account where the shares are to be entered. The Company may request that an entry be made in the shareholders’ book-entry securities account during the conversion procedure restricting the owner’s right of disposal. Any decisions on conversion and related details shall be made by the Board of Directors or the Board’s authorised representative. 14 § The Annual General Meeting shallreceive1. the Financial Statements2. the Auditors' Reportdecide on3. the acceptance of the Financial Statements4. the measures occasioned by the profit shown in the accepted Financial Statements5. the release from liability of the members of the Board of Directors and the Managing Director6. the number of members of the Board of Directors and their fees7. the fees of the Auditorelect8. the members of the Board of Directors9. the Auditordiscuss10. any other business on the meeting agenda. The Annual General Meeting shallreceive1. the Financial Statements and the Report of the Board of Directors 2. the Auditors' Reportdecide on3. the acceptance of the Financial Statements4. the use of the profit shown on the balance sheet5. the release from liability of the members of the Board of Directors and the Managing Director6. the Remuneration Policy  when necessary7. the acceptance of the Remuneration Report8. the number of members of the Board of Directors and their fees9. the fees of the Auditorelect10. the members of the Board of Directors11. the Auditordiscuss12. any other business on the meeting agenda. APPENDIX 8 Proposal of the Board of Directors on the amendment of article 11 § of the Company’s articles of association The Board of Directors proposes to the Annual General Meeting that the Annual General Meeting resolves to amend article 11 § of the Company’s Articles of Association such that  should the Board of Directors so decide  General Meetings may be convened as a so-called hybrid or remote meeting. As a prerequisite for convening a hybrid or remote meeting  shareholders must be able to exercise their full decision-making power during such General Meeting as if they were attending the meeting physically  including the right to present questions and to vote  using a remote connection and technical means  in accordance with the Finnish Companies Act. The proposed amendment is intended to prepare the Company for changes in its operating environment and society  so that shareholders maintain the possibility to exercise their full decision-making power on any matters presented to a General Meeting under any circumstances. In its amended form  said article would read as follows: “The Company’s shareholders exercise their decision-making power with respect to the Company’s affairs at a General Meeting of Shareholders. General Meetings are held in Helsinki. The Board of Directors may decide that participation in the General Meeting is also permitted such that a shareholder exercises their full decision-making power during the General Meeting using a remote connection and technical means. The Board of Directors may also decide to convene a General Meeting without a physical venue such that the shareholders exercise their full decision-making power in real time using a remote connection and technical means during the General Meeting. To be entitled to attend a General Meeting  a shareholder must give notification of his/her intention to attend to the Company no later than on the date mentioned in the meeting notice  which may be no earlier than ten days prior to the meeting.” 29 March 2023 SAMPO PLCBoard of Directors Appendix: Current wording Proposed new wording 11 § General meeting of shareholdersThe Company’s shareholders exercise their decision-making power with respect to the Company’s affairs at a General Meeting of Shareholders. General Meetings areheld in Helsinki.To be entitled to attend a General Meeting  a shareholder must give notification of his/her intention to attend to the Company on the date mentioned in the meetingnotice  which may be no earlier than ten days prior to the meeting. General meeting of shareholdersThe Company’s shareholders exercise their decision-making power with respect to the Company’s affairs at a General Meeting of Shareholders. General Meetings areheld in Helsinki.The Board of Directors may decide that participation in the General Meeting is also permitted such that a shareholder exercises their full decision-making power during the General Meeting using a remote connection and technical means.The Board of Directors may also decide to convene a General Meeting without a physical venue such that the shareholders exercise their full decision-making power in real time using a remote connection and technical means during the General Meeting.To be entitled to attend a General Meeting  a shareholder must give notification of his/her intention to attend to the Company no later than on the date mentioned in the meeting notice  which may be no earlier than ten days prior to the meeting. APPENDIX 9 Proposal of the Board of Directors for authorisation to resolve upon a share issue without payment (share split) The Board of Directors proposes to the Annual General Meeting that the Annual General Meeting resolves to authorise the Board of Directors to resolve upon a share issue without payment in proportion to shares owned by shareholders (share split) based on the following terms in order to enhance share liquidity. The Board of Directors could then resolve upon the timing and execution of the share issue without payment at its discretion and based on the then prevailing market conditions  for example also considering the potential completion of the partial demerger of Sampo plc  as proposed by the Board of Directors to the Annual General Meeting. Based on the proposed authorisation  the Board of Directors could resolve to issue new shares to all shareholders without payment in proportion to their holdings so that a maximum of five (5) new A shares would be issued for each current A share and a maximum of five (5) new B shares would be issued for each current B share. The Board of Directors would be authorised to decide the exact amount of new shares issued for each A share and each B share within the limits of the proposed maximum number of new shares such that the ratio of current shares to new shares would be the same for both classes of shares. Based on the number of shares on the date of publication of the Board’s proposal  a maximum of 2 581 897 560 new A shares and a maximum of 1 000 000 new B shares would be issued. The shares would be issued to shareholders who would be registered in the Company’s register of shareholders maintained by Euroclear Finland Oy on the record date of the share issue. The share issue without payment would be executed in the book-entry system and would not require any action from the shareholders. The new A shares would be converted into Swedish Depositary Receipts (“SDR”) in accordance with sections 7.1 and 7.2 of the General Terms and Conditions for the SDRs and would not require any action from SDR holders. The new shares would generate shareholders rights as of when they have been registered in the trade register. The Board of Directors would be authorised to decide on the record date of the share issue in accordance with applicable and valid legislation. The authorisation is proposed to remain valid until the next Annual General Meeting of Sampo plc  however at the latest until 30 June 2024. A resolution on the share issue requires amendment of 4 § of the Company’s Articles of Association as proposed to the Annual General Meeting. 29 March 2023 SAMPO PLCBoard of Directors APPENDIX 10 Proposal of the Board of Directors for the partial demerger of Sampo plc The Board of Directors proposes that the Annual General Meeting resolve to approve the partial demerger of Sampo plc in accordance with the demerger plan approved and signed by the Board of Directors of Sampo plc on 29 March 2023 and approves the demerger plan so that  as part of the demerger resolution  the Annual General Meeting would also resolve  conditionally upon the registration of the completion of the demerger on the matters presented below. The Annual General Meeting may only approve or reject this proposal regarding the partial demerger. This proposal regarding the partial demerger forms an entirety  which requires its adoption as a single resolution without alteration. However  despite the resolution of the Annual General Meeting  the Board of Directors may resolve to not complete the demerger if at any time prior to the completion of the demerger there exists in the view of the Board of Directors grounds due to which such non-completion would be appropriate. Background On 29 March 2023 Sampo plc issued a stock exchange release regarding the company’s partial demerger and the divestment of the life insurance and wealth management business. Sampo plc’s Board of Directors signed the demerger plan on 29 March 2023. The purpose of the demerger is to implement the divestment of the life insurance  wealth management business and related operations carried out by Mandatum Holding Ltd through its direct and indirect subsidiaries in order to form a new independent group of companies. The planned date of registration of the completion of the partial demerger is 1 October 2023 (the “Effective Date”). The actual Effective Date may change from said planned date in accordance with the demerger plan. The purpose of the demerger is to advance Sampo's strategy  which emphasises a preeminent focus on property and casualty (P&C) insurance operations  and to provide Mandatum Group with greater strategic and financial flexibility on a standalone basis  allowing it to continue to implement its current growth strategy focusing on fee-generative products and run-off of its with-profit book. Partial demerger To implement the partial demerger  the Board of Directors of Sampo plc proposes that the Annual General Meeting resolves to approve the partial demerger of Sampo plc as set forth in the demerger plan approved and signed by the Board of Directors of Sampo plc on 29 March 2023. As part of the partial demerger  all of the shares in Mandatum Holding Ltd (a wholly-owned direct subsidiary of Sampo plc) and related assets and liabilities will transfer without a liquidation procedure to Mandatum plc  a company to be incorporated in the demerger on the Effective Date as set forth in the demerger plan. The shareholders of Sampo plc shall receive as demerger consideration one (1) new share in Mandatum plc for each share (regardless of share class) owned in Sampo plc  i.e. the demerger consideration shall be issued to the shareholders of Sampo plc in proportion to their shareholdings with a ratio of 1:1. For the sake of clarity  the demerger consideration shall be delivered through the book-entry system without any separate action being required from the shareholders of Sampo plc in relation thereto. The shares in Mandatum plc are intended to be admitted to trading on the official list of Nasdaq Helsinki Ltd. Trading is intended to begin on the Effective Date  or in case the Effective Date does not fall on a trading day  the first potential trading day following the Effective Date. As part of the demerger resolution the Annual General Meeting resolves on  conditional upon the registration of the completion of the demerger: a) The establishment of Mandatum plc and the approval of its articles of association The receiving company in the demerger is established in connection with the registration of the completion of the demerger. It has been proposed that the trade name of the company be Mandatum Oyj (in English: Mandatum plc)  and the company’s proposed articles of association are included in full as an appendix to the demerger plan. The proposed articles of association of Mandatum plc are  to the extent applicable  based on Sampo plc’s currently valid Articles of Association  taking into consideration the amendments proposed to the Articles of Association in Sections 17 and 18 of the Notice of the Annual General Meeting. b) The composition of Mandatum plc’s Board of Directors and the selection of its auditor as well as their remuneration According to the proposed articles of association of Mandatum plc  the Board of Directors of Mandatum plc shall consist of three (3) to ten (10) members. It is proposed that Mandatum plc’s Board of Directors is elected in accordance with the demerger plan approved and signed by Sampo plc’s Board of Directors on 29 March 2023  wherein the composition of the Board of Directors of Mandatum plc is described in detail. The term of such members of the Board of Directors shall commence on the Effective Date and shall expire at the end of the first Annual General Meeting of Mandatum plc following the Effective Date. The Board of Directors of Mandatum plc may however take certain decisions on behalf of Mandatum plc already prior to the Effective Date  as set forth in the demerger plan. All the proposed Board members of Mandatum plc  excluding Patrick Lapveteläinen  have been determined to be independent of Mandatum plc and its major shareholders under the rules of the Finnish Corporate Governance Code 2020. Patrick Lapveteläinen has been determined to be independent of Mandatum plc’s major shareholders  but not independent of Mandatum plc due to the company intending to engage Lapveteläinen as a full-time Chair of the Board. Prior to assuming the duties of a Board member of Mandatum plc  each such person must fulfil the Fitness & Propriety requirements set by the Finnish Financial Supervisory Authority. It is proposed that each member of the Board of Directors of Mandatum plc be remunerated in accordance with the demerger plan approved and signed by Sampo plc’s Board of Directors on 29 March 2023. According to the proposed articles of association of Mandatum plc  Mandatum plc shall have one (1) auditor which must be an auditing firm authorised by the Finnish Patent and Registration Office. In accordance with the demerger plan approved and signed by Sampo plc's Board of Directors on 29 March 2023  it is therefore proposed that the firm of authorised public accountants Deloitte Ltd be elected as the Mandatum plc’s auditor for the financial year 2023. If Deloitte Ltd is elected as Mandatum plc’s auditor  the firm has announced that APA Reeta Virolainen will act as the auditor with principal responsibility. APA Reeta Virolainen has acted as Mandatum Group’s principally responsible auditor since 2021. Sampo plc’s Board of Directors also proposes that compensation be paid to Mandatum plc’s auditor against an invoice approved by Mandatum plc. c) The establishment of a shareholders’ nomination board for Mandatum plc It is proposed to establish a shareholders’ nomination board for Mandatum plc in accordance with the demerger plan approved and signed by Sampo plc’s Board of Directors on 29 March 2023. Resolutions that are conditional on the completion of the demerger will enter into force in connection with the registration of the completion of the demerger. The holder of all of Sampo plc’s B shares has given its consent to the partial demerger of Sampo plc in accordance with the demerger plan dated 29 March 2023 and has committed to voting in favour of the proposal regarding the partial demerger at the Annual General Meeting. 29 March 2023 SAMPO PLCBoard of Directors Attachment Antti MäkinenAll news about SAMPO OYJ 03:40a Sampo Logs Plan to Spin Off Mandatum Unit with Finnish Trade Register MT 02:31a Sampo has published comparative IFRS 17 figures for 2022 GL 02:31a Sampo has published comparative IFRS 17 figures for 2022 GL 02:15a Demerger plan of Sampo plc registered in Finnish Trade Register GL 01:30a Sampo plc cancels repurchased shares GL 01:30a Sampo plc cancels repurchased shares GL 03/29 Sampo to Launch Share Buyback Worth EUR400 Million MT 03/29 Sampo returns excess capital by launching a buyback programme of EUR 400 million GL 03/29 Sampo returns excess capital by launching a buyback programme of EUR 400 million AQ 03/29 Proposals of Sampo plc's Board of Directors and its committees to the Annual General Me.. GL Analyst Recommendations on SAMPO OYJ 01/31 Fitch Upgrades Hastings Rating On Improved Capitalization  Leverage MT 2020 Hastings : Fitch Upgrades Hastings' Long-Term Ratings on Takeover by Sampo  Ran.. MT,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,negative,0.0,0.24,0.76,True,English,"['Annual General Meeting', 'Sampo plc', 'Proposals', 'Board', 'Directors', 'committees', 'SAMPO PLC STOCK EXCHANGE RELEASE', 'next Annual General Meeting', 'five (5) new B shares', 'five (5) new A shares', 'multiple email addresses', 'Antti Mäkinen', 'Björn Wahlroos', '1,000,000 new B shares', 'outstanding A shares', '2,581,897,560 new A shares', 'current B share', 'current A share', 'partial demerger proposal', 'new shares', 'annual fee', '50,000,000 Sampo plc', '300,000,000 Sampo plc', 'new members', 'current members', 'share issue', 'share split', 'Further information', 'several occasions', '9.7 per cent', 'Christian Clausen', 'Fiona Clutterbuck', 'Georg Ehrnrooth', 'Jannica Fagerholm', 'Johanna Lamminen', 'Steve Langan', 'Risto Murto', 'Markus Rauramo', 'Annica Witschard', 'sufficient time', 'demerger plan', 'ten members', 'First name', 'Vice Chair', 'standing Chair', 'Remuneration Committee', 'The Nomination', 'EEST Proposals', 'Board members', 'Directors', 'committees', 'commas', 'Message', 'fields', '17 May', 'distribution', 'profit', 'number', 'Auditor', 'election', 'authorisation', 'repurchase', 'company', 'amendment', 'articles', 'Association', 'payment', 'EUR', 'addition', 'AGM', 'shareholders', 'proportion', 'holdings', 'maximum', 'action', 'appendix', 'one', 'consideration', 'accordance', 'Mandatum', 'Group', 'website', 'term', 'close', '29 March', 'duties', 'event', '1:20']",2023-03-29,2023-03-30,marketscreener.com
21629,Euroclear,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2023/03/29/2636475/0/en/Proposals-of-Sampo-plc-s-Board-of-Directors-and-its-committees-to-the-Annual-General-Meeting.html,Proposals of Sampo plc's Board of Directors and its committees to the Annual General Meeting,SAMPO PLC                        STOCK EXCHANGE RELEASE                  29 March 2023 at 1:20 pm EEST                  Proposals of Sampo plc's Board...,English FinnishSAMPO PLC STOCK EXCHANGE RELEASE 29 March 2023 at 1:20 pm EESTProposals of Sampo plc's Board of Directors and its committees to the Annual General MeetingSampo plc's Board of Directors and its committees have made the following proposals to the Annual General Meeting to be held on 17 May 2023:• Proposal for distribution of profit• Proposal for the remuneration of the members of the Board of Directors• Proposal for the number of members and the members of the Board of Directors• Proposal for the remuneration of the Auditor• Proposal for the election of the Auditor• Proposal for authorisation on the repurchase of the company’s own shares• Proposal on the amendment of articles 3 §  4 § and 14 § of the company’s Articles of Association• Proposal on the amendment of article 11 § of the company’s Articles of Association• Proposal for the authorisation to resolve upon a share issue without payment (share split)• Proposal for the partial demerger of Sampo plcThe Board proposes to the Annual General Meeting a dividend of EUR 2.60 per share. In addition  the Board proposes to the AGM for authorisation to resolve upon a share issue without payment (share split). Based on the proposed authorisation  the Board of Directors could resolve to issue new shares to all shareholders without payment in proportion to their holdings so that a maximum of five (5) new A shares would be issued for each current A share and a maximum of five (5) new B shares would be issued for each current B share. Based on the number of shares  a maximum of 2 581 897 560 new A shares and a maximum of 1 000 000 new B shares would be issued. The share issue without payment would not require any action from the shareholders. Further information is available in the appendix 9.The Board of Directors proposes to the Annual General Meeting that the Annual General Meeting authorise the Board to resolve to repurchase  on one or several occasions  a maximum of 50 000 000 Sampo plc's A shares representing approximately 9.7 per cent of all outstanding A shares of the company. If the Annual General Meeting approves the Board's proposal to authorise the Board to decide on a share issue without consideration (share split) and the Board decides on a share issue without consideration in accordance with the authorisation  a maximum of 300 000 000 Sampo plc's A shares may be repurchased  representing approximately 9.7 per cent of all outstanding A shares of the company after the new shares to be issued in the share issue without consideration have been registered. The repurchased shares will be cancelled. Further information is available in appendix 6.As disclosed earlier this morning  the Board has resolved to propose to the AGM a partial demerger of Sampo plc to separate Mandatum from the Group. Further information on the partial demerger proposal is available in appendix 10 and at the company’s website at www.sampo.com/demerger .Proposals for the remuneration  number  and members of the Board of DirectorsThe Nomination and Remuneration Committee of the Board of Directors proposes to the Annual General Meeting that the number of Board members that be increased by one and that ten members be elected to the Board.The Nomination and Remuneration Committee proposes that the current members of the Board Christian Clausen  Fiona Clutterbuck  Georg Ehrnrooth  Jannica Fagerholm  Johanna Lamminen  Steve Langan  Risto Murto and Markus Rauramo be re-elected for a term continuing until the close of the next Annual General Meeting. The Committee proposes that Antti Mäkinen and Annica Witschard be elected as new members to the Board. The Nomination and Remuneration Committee proposes that the Board members elect Antti Mäkinen from among its number as the Chair of the Board and Jannica Fagerholm as the Vice Chair.Sampo plc’s long-standing Chair of the Board Björn Wahlroos has notified the Nomination and Remuneration Committee of the Board of Directors that he is no longer available for re-election. Further  Johanna Lamminen has notified the Committee that she will no longer continue on the Board of Directors of Sampo plc if and when the demerger of Sampo plc is completed in accordance with the demerger plan approved and signed by the Board of Directors on 29 March 2023  so that she may devote sufficient time to her duties. In such event the number of Board members of Sampo plc will decrease to nine.The Nomination and Remuneration Committee of the Board of Directors proposes to the Annual General Meeting that each member of the Board of Directors be paid an annual fee of EUR 101 000 until the close of the next Annual General Meeting and the Chair of the Board be paid EUR 228 000. Furthermore  the Nomination and Remuneration Committee proposes that the members of the Board of Directors and its Committees be paid the following annual fees:• the Vice Chair of the Board be paid EUR 30 000 • the Chair of the Audit Committee be paid EUR 28 000  and• each member of the Audit Committee be paid EUR 6 400.Other proposalsIn light of the Company’s recent strategic developments and the separate proposal made to the Annual General Meeting regarding a share issue without payment  the Board of Directors has considered that the Articles of Association should be updated. The Board of Directors proposes that article 3 § of the Company’s Articles of Association is amended in accordance with the Sampo Group strategy announced on 24 February 2021 to reflect the Company’s current strategy and main business area. In addition  the Board proposes that article 4 § of the Company’s Articles of Association is amended pursuant to the proposed authorisation for the Board of Directors to resolve upon a share issue without payment (share split)  which necessitates a deletion of the minimum and maximum amounts set for the Company’s A and B shares. Further  it is proposed that certain other technical amendments are made to the Articles of Association  which streamline the Articles of Association and ensure that it is in line with the current wordings of the Finnish Companies Act.The Board of Directors proposes to the Annual General Meeting that the Annual General Meeting resolves to amend article 11 § of the Company’s Articles of Association such that  should the Board of Directors so decide  General Meetings may be convened as a so-called hybrid or remote meeting.The Board of Directors proposes that the firm of authorised public accountants Deloitte Ltd be re-elected as the Company’s auditor for the financial year 2023.The Board’s proposals in their entirety are attached in full to this release.SAMPO PLCBoard of DirectorsFor further information  please contact:Sami TaipalusHead of Investor Relationstel. +358 10 516 0030Maria SilanderCommunications Manager  Media Relationstel. +358 10 516 0031Mirko HurmerintaInvestor Relations Managertel. +358 10 516 0032Distribution:Nasdaq HelsinkiNasdaq StockholmLondon Stock ExchangeThe principal mediaFIN-FSAwww.sampo.comAPPENDIX 1Proposal of the Board of Directors for distribution of profitDividendUnder Sampo Group’s capital management framework  Sampo will return ongoing surplus capital generation from its insurance operations through a regular dividend. Other forms of surplus capital generation  including possible proceeds from disposals of financial investments  are returned through additional dividends and/or buybacks  to the extent that the funds are not utilised to support business development. Sampo targets a Solvency II ratio of 170–190 per cent and financial leverage below 30 per cent.According to Sampo plc’s Dividend Policy applied for distribution of 2022 earnings  total annual dividends paid shall represent at least 70 per cent of Sampo Group’s net profit for the year (excluding extraordinary items). In 2022  accounting items related to the sale of Nordea shares  the sale of Topdanmark life insurance operations and the reclassification of Nordax from an associated company to fair value investment have been defined as extraordinary in accordance with Sampo’s dividend policy.The parent company’s distributable capital and reserves totalled EUR 6 715 706 916.29 of which profit for the financial year 2022 was EUR 1 780 426 719.09. Based on the policies outlined above  the Board proposes to the Annual General Meeting that a total dividend of EUR 2.60 per share be paid to all shares except for the shares held by Sampo plc on the dividend record date of 22 May 2023. The total dividend includes a regular dividend of EUR 1.80 per share as well as an extra dividend of EUR 0.80 per share.As earnings per share excluding extraordinary items amounted to EUR 2.41 per share  the payout ratio for the total dividend equates to 108 per cent. The remainder of the distributable funds are left in the company’s equity capital. After adjusting for the proposed dividend  Sampo Group’s 2022 year-end distributable funds amounted to EUR 5 378 million  Group Solvency II ratio to 210 per cent and financial leverage to 28.6 per cent.Dividend paymentThe dividend is proposed to be paid to the shareholders registered in the register of shareholders held by Euroclear Finland Oy as at the record date of 22 May 2023. The Board proposes that the dividends be paid on 31 May 2023.The issuer of the Swedish depository receipts shall ensure that the dividend is paid to the depository receipt holders registered in the securities depository and settlement register maintained by Euroclear Sweden AB as at the record date of 22 May 2023  which payment shall be made in Swedish kronor.Financial positionNo significant changes have taken place in the company's financial position since the end of the financial year. The company's liquidity position is good and in the view of the Board  the proposed distributions do not jeopardise the company's ability to fulfil its obligations.10 February 2023SAMPO PLCBoard of DirectorsAPPENDIX 2Proposal of the Nomination and Remuneration Committee for the remuneration of the members of the Board of DirectorsThe Nomination and Remuneration Committee of the Board of Directors proposes to the Annual General Meeting that each member of the Board of Directors be paid an annual fee of EUR 101 000 until the close of the next Annual General Meeting and the Chair of the Board be paid EUR 228 000. Furthermore  the Nomination and Remuneration Committee proposes that the members of the Board of Directors and its Committees be paid the following annual fees:the Vice Chair of the Board be paid EUR 30 000 the Chair of the Audit Committee be paid EUR 28 000  andeach member of the Audit Committee be paid EUR 6 400.In determining the proposed fees  the Nomination and Remuneration Committee’s primary objective is to ensure Sampo’s continued ability to compete for domestic and international top-of-the-class Board competence. The objective is especially relevant at times when the Board is undergoing significant changes  such as when nominating a successor to the long-standing Chair of the Board  and new Board members are being sought.In the fourteen years preceding Sampo’s Annual General Meeting to be held on 17 May 2023  the annual fees of Sampo plc’s Board members  including Committee members’ fees but excluding the fees of the Vice Chair of the Board and Chair of the Audit Committee  have been increased by 1.7 per cent per annum on average. The annual fees of the Chair of the Board during the same period have been increased by 1.2 per cent per annum on average. The annual fees of the Board remained entirely static during 2008–2015.The proposed increase in the annual fees of the Board members is approximately 3 per cent. In determining the proposed fees  the Committee has benchmarked the current annual fees against the fees paid to Boards of companies similar to Sampo Group. Based on this comparison  the Committee concluded that the annual fee of the Board members is on a level comparable to the average annual fees paid to Board members of international peers. The Committee has also considered the effect of regulations applicable to Sampo Group on the demands of the Board’s work.In searching for a suitable candidate to be nominated as Chair of the Board  the Committee concluded that in order to attract top-of-the-class Board competence  the annual fee of the Chair of the Board is to be notably increased. The significance of the annual fee’s competitiveness is amplified by the fact that the newly nominated Chair of the Board is not a significant shareholder of the company  unlike the current Chair of the Board.With reference to the above  the Committee considers the proposed increase in the annual fee of the Chair of the Board of 20 per cent as justified. In determining the proposed fee  the Committee has benchmarked the current annual fee against the fees paid to the Chairs of the Boards of companies similar to Sampo Group and operating in the same geographical market. Based on this comparison  the Committee concluded that the annual fee of the Chair of the Board is considerably below the average annual fees paid to Chairs of the Boards of international peers in the financial sector  especially when considering the ratio of the annual fee of the Chair of the Board as compared to the annual fee of the Board members.Potential statutory social and pension costs incurring to Board members having permanent residence outside Finland will  according to applicable national legislation  be borne by Sampo plc. In addition  actual travel and accommodation costs incurring to a Board member will be reimbursed.A Board member shall  in accordance with the resolution of the Annual General Meeting  acquire Sampo plc A shares at the price paid in public trading for 50 per cent of his/her annual fee after the deduction of taxes  payments and potential statutory social and pension costs. The company will pay any possible transfer tax related to the acquisition of the company shares.A Board member shall make the purchase of shares during 2023 after the publication of the Interim Statement for January-September 2023 or  if this is not feasible because of insider regulations  on the first possible date thereafter.A Board member shall be obliged to retain the Sampo plc A shares under his/her ownership for two years from the purchasing date. The disposal restriction on the Sampo shares shall  however  be removed earlier in case the director’s Board membership ends prior to release of the restricted shares i.e. the shares will be released simultaneously when the term of the Board membership ends. If the director’s Board membership ends prior to the close of the next Annual General Meeting  the annual fees paid to such Board member may be recovered in proportion to the term of the Board membership left unserved.29 March 2023SAMPO PLCNomination and Remuneration CommitteeAPPENDIX 3Proposal of the Nomination and Remuneration Committee for the number of members of the Board of Directors and the members of the Board of DirectorsNumber of members and composition of the Board of DirectorsThe Nomination and Remuneration Committee of the Board of Directors proposes to the Annual General Meeting that the number of Board members be increased by one and that ten members be elected to the Board.Sampo plc’s long-standing Chair of the Board Björn Wahlroos has notified the Nomination and Remuneration Committee of the Board of Directors that he is no longer available for re-election. Further  Johanna Lamminen has notified the Committee that she will no longer continue on the Board of Directors of Sampo plc if and when the demerger of Sampo plc is completed in accordance with the demerger plan approved and signed by the Board of Directors on 29 March 2023  so that she may devote sufficient time to her duties. In such event the number of Board members of Sampo plc will decrease to nine.The Nomination and Remuneration Committee of the Board of Directors proposes that the current members of the Board Christian Clausen  Fiona Clutterbuck  Georg Ehrnrooth  Jannica Fagerholm  Johanna Lamminen  Steve Langan  Risto Murto and Markus Rauramo be re-elected for a term continuing until the close of the next Annual General Meeting. The Committee proposes that Antti Mäkinen and Annica Witschard be elected as new members to the Board.The Nomination and Remuneration Committee proposes that the Board members elect Antti Mäkinen from among its number as the Chair of the Board and Jannica Fagerholm as the Vice Chair. It is proposed that Christian Clausen  Risto Murto  Antti Mäkinen (Chair) and Markus Rauramo be elected to the Nomination and Remuneration Committee  and that Fiona Clutterbuck  Georg Ehrnrooth  Jannica Fagerholm (Chair)  Johanna Lamminen  Steve Langan and Annica Witschard be elected to the Audit Committee. The compositions of the Committees fulfil the Finnish Corporate Governance Code 2020’s requirements for independence.It is the opinion of the Nomination and Remuneration Committee that the proposed Board of Directors and its members are suitable for the assignment both collectively and individually and that Antti Mäkinen is suitable for the position of Chair of the Board. Further  the Committee is of the opinion that the proposed Board of Directors enables it to work effectively and reflects Sampo plc’s short- and long-term needs.New Board membersAntti Mäkinen has over 20 years of experience working at the highest levels of the financial industry  including having worked as CEO of Solidium and eQ as well as in key management positions in SEB Enskilda Securities and Nordea. Mäkinen has also served as Chair of the Board of Directors of Stora Enso  as well as on the Boards of Directors of Sampo and Metso Outotec. Mäkinen was born in 1961 and holds a Master of Laws degree from the University of Helsinki.Annica Witschard has over 10 years of managerial experience in the financial industry  including PPF/Home Credit and GE Money Bank. She was born in 1973 and holds a Master of Science in Business and Economics from Linköping University.Diversity and independenceWhen proposing the composition of the Board of Directors  the aim of the Nomination and Remuneration Committee is to ensure that the Board of Directors is composed of first-rate professionals and that the Board of Directors as a whole for the purpose of its work possesses the requisite knowledge of and experience in the social  business and cultural conditions of the regions and markets in which the main activities of the Group are carried out. When proposing the composition of the Board of Directors  it is recognised that diversity  including age  gender  geographical provenance and educational and professional background  is an important factor in accordance with the Sampo plc Board Diversity Policy. According to the target set by the Board  each gender shall be represented by at least 37.5 per cent of the members of the Board. The proposed composition of the Board results in each gender being represented by at least 40 per cent of the members of the Board.The Committee’s proposal also takes into consideration the proposed partial demerger of Sampo plc. The Committee’s proposal ensures that the Boards of Directors of both Sampo plc and Mandatum plc can be formed such that they comprise of first-rate Board members who are knowledgeable and experienced in the relevant business  ensuring continuity in each Board’s work. Jannica Fagerholm and Johanna Lamminen are both proposed to be members of Mandatum plc’s Board of Directors  in accordance with the demerger plan approved and signed by the Board of Directors of Sampo plc on 29 March 2023.In the event that Johanna Lamminen resigns as a Board member as a consequence of the proposed partial demerger of Sampo plc  the composition of the Board will temporarily deviate from the target of each gender being represented by at least 37.5 per cent of the members of the Board. In such event  the Board of Directors remains committed to reaching its target of having both genders represented in the Board and will endeavour to reach the target when proposing candidates for Board membership next time.The Committee has assessed that in light of the strategic development of Sampo Group  and taking into consideration the dual listing of Sampo plc on Nasdaq Stockholm  the composition of Sampo plc’s Board of Directors shall in addition to the current knowledge emphasise expertise and knowledge of Sweden’s geographical market.All the proposed Board members have been determined to be independent of the company and its major shareholders under the rules of the Finnish Corporate Governance Code 2020. In so determining  the Committee has taken into account that Jannica Fagerholm will have served on Sampo plc’s Board of Directors in excess of 10 consecutive years. Based on an overall assessment  the Committee has determined that Jannica Fagerholm’s independence is not compromised due to her long service history on its own  and no other factors or circumstances have been identified that would impair her independence.The CVs of all persons proposed as Board members are available at www.sampo.com/agm.29 March 2023SAMPO PLCNomination and Remuneration CommitteeAnnex 1:CV of Antti MäkinenCurriculum Vitae:Antti MäkinenBorn 1961Education:University of Helsinki- Master of Laws 1986Career:Solidium- CEO 2017–2022Nordea Bank AB (publ)- Several director positions 2010–2017eQ Corporation- CEO 2005–2009SEB Enskilda Securities- Finnish branch  Director 1996–2005Hannes Snellman Attorneys Ltd- Partner 1985-1996Positions of trust:Stora Enso  Chair of the Board of Directors 2021–23  member 2018–2021  2023-Metso Outotec Corporation  member of the Board of Directors 2020–2023 (Metso Corporation 2018–2019)Sampo plc  member of the Board of Directors 2018–2021Annex 2:CV of Annica WitschardCurriculum Vitae:Annica WitschardBorn 1973Current Position:PPF/Home Credit Vietnam• CEO 2020–Education:University of Linköping• Master of Science (Business & Economics) 1999Career:PPF/Home Credit• President & CEO for Home Credit Philippines 2016–2019General Electric (GE Money)• CEO  GE Capital Nordics & GE Money Bank AB 2012–2015• Country Leader  GE Money Bank Sweden 2009–2012• Operations Leader  GE Money Bank Sweden 2006–2009• Operations Development Leader  GE Money Bank Sweden 2003–2005• Quality Project Leader  GE Capital Bank 2001–2003• European Management Development Program  GE Capital 1999–2001APPENDIX 4Proposal of the Audit Committee for the remuneration of the AuditorThe Audit Committee of the Board of Directors proposes to the Annual General Meeting that compensation be paid to the Company’s Auditor against an invoice approved by the Company.As background to the proposal  the Audit Committee states that Deloitte Ltd has acted as Sampo plc’s Auditor in 2022.The fees paid by Sampo plc to Deloitte Ltd for statutory audit services invoiced in 2022 totaled approximately EUR 975 000. In addition  Sampo plc paid Deloitte Ltd a total of approximately EUR 112 100 in fees for non-audit services.The fees paid by Sampo Group to audit firm Deloitte for statutory audit services in 2022 totaled approximately EUR 4 266 700. In addition  Sampo Group paid audit firm Deloitte a total of approximately EUR 743 900 in fees for non-audit services  which is at most approximately 18 per cent of the fees paid by Sampo Group to audit firm Deloitte for statutory audit services.The Auditor’s fees for services provided to Sampo Group have been presented in note 31 of the annex to the consolidated financial statements.29 March 2023SAMPO PLCAudit CommitteeAPPENDIX 5Proposal of the Audit Committee for the election of the AuditorThe Audit Committee of the Board of Directors proposes to the Annual General Meeting that the firm of authorised public accountants Deloitte Ltd be re-elected as the Company’s auditor for the financial year 2023. If Deloitte Ltd is elected as Sampo plc’s auditor  the firm has announced that APA Jukka Vattulainen will continue as the auditor with principal responsibility. APA Jukka Vattulainen has acted as the company’s principally responsible auditor since 2021.The Audit Committee notes that its proposal is free from influence by a third party  and the Audit Committee is not subject to compliance with any such clauses referred to in Article 16(6) of the Audit Regulation (Regulation (EU) No 537/2014 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 16 April 2014 on specific requirements regarding statutory audit of public-interest entities and repealing Commission Decision 2005/909/EC) that restrict the choice as regards the election of a statutory auditor or audit firm.29 March 2023SAMPO PLCAudit CommitteeAPPENDIX 6Proposal of the Board of Directors for authorisation to decide on the repurchase of the company’s own sharesThe Board of Directors proposes to the Annual General Meeting that the Annual General Meeting authorise the Board to resolve to repurchase  on one or several occasions  a maximum of 50 000 000 Sampo plc's A shares representing approximately 9.7 per cent of all outstanding A shares of the company. If the Annual General Meeting approves the Board's proposal to authorise the Board to decide on a share issue without consideration (share split) in accordance with Section 20 of the Notice of the Annual General Meeting  and the Board decides on a share issue without consideration in accordance with the authorisation  a maximum of 300 000 000 Sampo plc's A shares may be repurchased  representing approximately 9.7 per cent of all outstanding A shares of the company after the new shares to be issued in the share issue without consideration pursuant to Section 20 of the Notice of the Annual General Meeting have been registered. The repurchased shares will be cancelled.The shares may be repurchased either through an offer to all shareholders on equal terms or through other means and otherwise than in proportion to the existing shareholdings of the company’s shareholders (directed repurchase) if the Board of Directors deems that there are weighty financial reasons for such directed repurchase. Directed repurchases may be carried out  among others  through open market purchases  participation in accelerated book-building processes or through arranging reversed accelerated book-building processes.The purchase price per share shall be no more than(i) the highest price paid for the company's shares in public trading on the day of the repurchase or the offer to repurchase the company's own shares  or alternatively (ii) the average of the share prices (volume weighted average price on the regulated markets where the company's share is admitted to trading) during the five trading days preceding the repurchase or the offer to repurchase the company's own shares giving retrospective effect to a potential share split increasing the total number of shares.The lowest purchase price per share shall be the price that is 20 per cent lower than the lowest price paid for the company's shares in public trading during the validity of this authorisation until the repurchase or the offer to repurchase the company's own shares giving retrospective effect to a potential share split increasing the total number of shares.The repurchases under the authorisation are proposed to be carried out by using funds in the unrestricted shareholders' equity  which means that the repurchases will reduce funds available for distribution of profit.The Board of Directors shall be authorised to decide on all other terms relating to the repurchase of the company's own shares.The holder of all of Sampo plc's B shares has given its consent to a buy-back of A shares.It is proposed that the authorisation be valid until the close of the next Annual General Meeting  however no longer than 18 months from the Annual General Meeting's decision.29 March 2023SAMPO PLCBoard of DirectorsAPPENDIX 7Proposal of the Board of Directors on the amendment of articles 3 §  4 § and 14 § of the company’s articles of associationThe Board of Directors proposes to the Annual General Meeting that the Annual General Meeting resolves to amend the Company’s Articles of Association in accordance with the following and such that articles 3–4 § and 14 § are amended as set out below. A comparison against the current wording may be found in the attached table.Sampo plc’s Articles of Association were last amended by the Annual General Meeting held on 19 April 2018. In light of the Company’s recent strategic developments and the separate proposal made to the Annual General Meeting regarding a share issue without payment  the Company’s Board of Directors has considered that the Articles of Association as they pertain to the Company’s business area and the number of shares of both share classes should be updated. Further  it is proposed that certain other technical amendments are made to the Articles of Association  which streamline the Articles of Association and ensure that it is in line with the current wordings of the Finnish Companies Act.The most significant proposed changes to the Articles of Association are:3 § Business area of the CompanyThe Board of Directors proposes that article 3 § of the Company’s Articles of Association is amended in accordance with the Sampo Group strategy announced on 24 February 2021 to reflect the Company’s current strategy and main business area.In its amended form  said article would read as follows:“The Company operates as the parent company of Sampo Group  which has its focus on P&C insurance. The Company sets the Group’s strategy and capital management framework and carries out centrally-managed Group tasks. The Company may also own and manage shares  other securities and properties  and to engage in securities trading and other investment activities.”4 § Classes of sharesThe Board of Directors proposes that article 4 § of the Company’s Articles of Association is amended pursuant to the proposed authorisation for the Board of Directors to resolve upon a share issue without payment (share split)  which necessitates a deletion of the minimum and maximum amounts set for the Company’s A and B shares.In its amended form  said article would read as follows:“The shares are divided into A and B classes  with each A share entitling its holder to one vote and each B share entitling its holder to five votes at a General Meeting of Shareholders.Each B share can be converted into an A share at the request of the holder of the B share or  with respect to nominee-registered shares  at the request of the nominee under whose name the shares are registered in the Shareholders’ Register. The conversion request shall be made in writing to the Company. The request shall specify the number of shares to be converted and the book-entry securities account where the shares are to be entered. The Company may request that an entry be made in the shareholders’ book-entry securities account during the conversion procedure restricting the owner’s right of disposal. Any decisions on conversion and related details shall be made by the Board of Directors or the Board’s authorised representative.”14 §The Board of Directors proposes that article 14 § of the Company’s Articles of Association is amended such that the matters to be addressed in the Annual General Meeting are supplemented in accordance with the Finnish Companies Act such that the Annual General Meeting shall decide on the remuneration policy  when necessary  and decide on the acceptance of the remuneration report. Further  the numbering of current subsections 6—10 shall be changed accordingly due to the above-mentioned amendments. Additionally  the Board of Directors proposes that subsection 1 is supplemented with a reference to the reception of the Report of the Board of Directors and subsection 4 is amended to correspond to the wording of the Finnish Companies Act.In its amended form  said article would read as follows:“The Annual General Meeting shallreceive1. the Financial Statements and the Report of the Board of Directors 2. the Auditors' Reportdecide on3. the acceptance of the Financial Statements4. the use of the profit shown on the balance sheet5. the release from liability of the members of the Board of Directors and the Managing Director6. the Remuneration Policy  when necessary7. the acceptance of the Remuneration Report8. the number of members of the Board of Directors and their fees9. the fees of the Auditorelect10. the members of the Board of Directors11. the Auditordiscuss12. any other business on the meeting agenda.”29 March 2023SAMPO PLCBoard of DirectorsAppendix:Current wording Proposed new wording 3 § Business area of the CompanyThe Company’s business area is to own and manage shares  other securities and properties  and to engage in securities trading and other investment activities. The Company carries out centrally-managed Group administration tasks for the credit institutions  insurance companies and other companies that are part of the Group. Business area of the CompanyThe Company operates as the parent company of Sampo Group  which has its focus on P&C insurance. The Company sets the Group’s strategy and capital management framework and carries out centrally-managed Group tasks. The Company may also own and manage shares  other securities and properties  and to engage in securities trading and other investment activities.4 § Classes of sharesThe shares are divided into A and B classes  with the number of A shares being 179 000 000 at minimum and 711 200 000 at maximum  and the number of B shares being 0 at minimum and 4 800 000 at maximum. Each A share entitles its holder to one vote and each B share entitles its holder to five votes at a General Meeting of Shareholders.Each B share can be converted into an A share at the request of the holder of the B share or  with respect to nominee-registered shares  at the request of the nominee under whose name the shares are registered in the Shareholders’ Register. The conversion request shall be made in writing to the Company. The request shall specify the number of shares to be converted and the book-entry securities account where the shares are to be entered. The Company may request that an entry be made in the shareholders’ book-entry securities account during the conversion procedure restricting the owner’s right of disposal. Any decisions on conversion and related details shall be made by the Board of Directors or theBoard’s authorised representative. Classes of sharesThe shares are divided into A and B classes  with each A share entitling its holder to one vote and each B share entitling its holder to five votes at a General Meeting of Shareholders.Each B share can be converted into an A share at the request of the holder of the B share or  with respect to nominee-registered shares  at the request of the nominee under whose name the shares are registered in the Shareholders’ Register. The conversion request shall be made in writing to the Company. The request shall specify the number of shares to be converted and the book-entry securities account where the shares are to be entered. The Company may request that an entry be made in the shareholders’ book-entry securities account during the conversion procedure restricting the owner’s right of disposal. Any decisions on conversion and related details shall be made by the Board of Directors or the Board’s authorised representative. 14 § The Annual General Meeting shallreceive1. the Financial Statements2. the Auditors' Reportdecide on3. the acceptance of the Financial Statements4. the measures occasioned by the profit shown in the accepted Financial Statements5. the release from liability of the members of the Board of Directors and the Managing Director6. the number of members of the Board of Directors and their fees7. the fees of the Auditorelect8. the members of the Board of Directors9. the Auditordiscuss10. any other business on the meeting agenda. The Annual General Meeting shallreceive1. the Financial Statements and the Report of the Board of Directors 2. the Auditors' Reportdecide on3. the acceptance of the Financial Statements4. the use of the profit shown on the balance sheet5. the release from liability of the members of the Board of Directors and the Managing Director6. the Remuneration Policy  when necessary7. the acceptance of the Remuneration Report8. the number of members of the Board of Directors and their fees9. the fees of the Auditorelect10. the members of the Board of Directors11. the Auditordiscuss12. any other business on the meeting agenda.APPENDIX 8Proposal of the Board of Directors on the amendment of article 11 § of the Company’s articles of associationThe Board of Directors proposes to the Annual General Meeting that the Annual General Meeting resolves to amend article 11 § of the Company’s Articles of Association such that  should the Board of Directors so decide  General Meetings may be convened as a so-called hybrid or remote meeting. As a prerequisite for convening a hybrid or remote meeting  shareholders must be able to exercise their full decision-making power during such General Meeting as if they were attending the meeting physically  including the right to present questions and to vote  using a remote connection and technical means  in accordance with the Finnish Companies Act.The proposed amendment is intended to prepare the Company for changes in its operating environment and society  so that shareholders maintain the possibility to exercise their full decision-making power on any matters presented to a General Meeting under any circumstances.In its amended form  said article would read as follows:“The Company’s shareholders exercise their decision-making power with respect to the Company’s affairs at a General Meeting of Shareholders. General Meetings are held in Helsinki.The Board of Directors may decide that participation in the General Meeting is also permitted such that a shareholder exercises their full decision-making power during the General Meeting using a remote connection and technical means.The Board of Directors may also decide to convene a General Meeting without a physical venue such that the shareholders exercise their full decision-making power in real time using a remote connection and technical means during the General Meeting.To be entitled to attend a General Meeting  a shareholder must give notification of his/her intention to attend to the Company no later than on the date mentioned in the meeting notice  which may be no earlier than ten days prior to the meeting.”29 March 2023SAMPO PLCBoard of DirectorsAppendix:Current wording Proposed new wording 11 § General meeting of shareholdersThe Company’s shareholders exercise their decision-making power with respect to the Company’s affairs at a General Meeting of Shareholders. General Meetings areheld in Helsinki.To be entitled to attend a General Meeting  a shareholder must give notification of his/her intention to attend to the Company on the date mentioned in the meetingnotice  which may be no earlier than ten days prior to the meeting. General meeting of shareholdersThe Company’s shareholders exercise their decision-making power with respect to the Company’s affairs at a General Meeting of Shareholders. General Meetings areheld in Helsinki.The Board of Directors may decide that participation in the General Meeting is also permitted such that a shareholder exercises their full decision-making power during the General Meeting using a remote connection and technical means.The Board of Directors may also decide to convene a General Meeting without a physical venue such that the shareholders exercise their full decision-making power in real time using a remote connection and technical means during the General Meeting.To be entitled to attend a General Meeting  a shareholder must give notification of his/her intention to attend to the Company no later than on the date mentioned in the meeting notice  which may be no earlier than ten days prior to the meeting.APPENDIX 9Proposal of the Board of Directors for authorisation to resolve upon a share issue without payment (share split)The Board of Directors proposes to the Annual General Meeting that the Annual General Meeting resolves to authorise the Board of Directors to resolve upon a share issue without payment in proportion to shares owned by shareholders (share split) based on the following terms in order to enhance share liquidity. The Board of Directors could then resolve upon the timing and execution of the share issue without payment at its discretion and based on the then prevailing market conditions  for example also considering the potential completion of the partial demerger of Sampo plc  as proposed by the Board of Directors to the Annual General Meeting.Based on the proposed authorisation  the Board of Directors could resolve to issue new shares to all shareholders without payment in proportion to their holdings so that a maximum of five (5) new A shares would be issued for each current A share and a maximum of five (5) new B shares would be issued for each current B share. The Board of Directors would be authorised to decide the exact amount of new shares issued for each A share and each B share within the limits of the proposed maximum number of new shares such that the ratio of current shares to new shares would be the same for both classes of shares. Based on the number of shares on the date of publication of the Board’s proposal  a maximum of 2 581 897 560 new A shares and a maximum of 1 000 000 new B shares would be issued. The shares would be issued to shareholders who would be registered in the Company’s register of shareholders maintained by Euroclear Finland Oy on the record date of the share issue. The share issue without payment would be executed in the book-entry system and would not require any action from the shareholders. The new A shares would be converted into Swedish Depositary Receipts (“SDR”) in accordance with sections 7.1 and 7.2 of the General Terms and Conditions for the SDRs and would not require any action from SDR holders. The new shares would generate shareholders rights as of when they have been registered in the trade register.The Board of Directors would be authorised to decide on the record date of the share issue in accordance with applicable and valid legislation. The authorisation is proposed to remain valid until the next Annual General Meeting of Sampo plc  however at the latest until 30 June 2024.A resolution on the share issue requires amendment of 4 § of the Company’s Articles of Association as proposed to the Annual General Meeting.29 March 2023SAMPO PLCBoard of DirectorsAPPENDIX 10Proposal of the Board of Directors for the partial demerger of Sampo plcThe Board of Directors proposes that the Annual General Meeting resolve to approve the partial demerger of Sampo plc in accordance with the demerger plan approved and signed by the Board of Directors of Sampo plc on 29 March 2023 and approves the demerger plan so that  as part of the demerger resolution  the Annual General Meeting would also resolve  conditionally upon the registration of the completion of the demerger on the matters presented below.The Annual General Meeting may only approve or reject this proposal regarding the partial demerger. This proposal regarding the partial demerger forms an entirety  which requires its adoption as a single resolution without alteration.However  despite the resolution of the Annual General Meeting  the Board of Directors may resolve to not complete the demerger if at any time prior to the completion of the demerger there exists in the view of the Board of Directors grounds due to which such non-completion would be appropriate.BackgroundOn 29 March 2023 Sampo plc issued a stock exchange release regarding the company’s partial demerger and the divestment of the life insurance and wealth management business. Sampo plc’s Board of Directors signed the demerger plan on 29 March 2023.The purpose of the demerger is to implement the divestment of the life insurance  wealth management business and related operations carried out by Mandatum Holding Ltd through its direct and indirect subsidiaries in order to form a new independent group of companies. The planned date of registration of the completion of the partial demerger is 1 October 2023 (the “Effective Date”). The actual Effective Date may change from said planned date in accordance with the demerger plan.The purpose of the demerger is to advance Sampo's strategy  which emphasises a preeminent focus on property and casualty (P&C) insurance operations  and to provide Mandatum Group with greater strategic and financial flexibility on a standalone basis  allowing it to continue to implement its current growth strategy focusing on fee-generative products and run-off of its with-profit book.Partial demergerTo implement the partial demerger  the Board of Directors of Sampo plc proposes that the Annual General Meeting resolves to approve the partial demerger of Sampo plc as set forth in the demerger plan approved and signed by the Board of Directors of Sampo plc on 29 March 2023. As part of the partial demerger  all of the shares in Mandatum Holding Ltd (a wholly-owned direct subsidiary of Sampo plc) and related assets and liabilities will transfer without a liquidation procedure to Mandatum plc  a company to be incorporated in the demerger on the Effective Date as set forth in the demerger plan.The shareholders of Sampo plc shall receive as demerger consideration one (1) new share in Mandatum plc for each share (regardless of share class) owned in Sampo plc  i.e. the demerger consideration shall be issued to the shareholders of Sampo plc in proportion to their shareholdings with a ratio of 1:1. For the sake of clarity  the demerger consideration shall be delivered through the book-entry system without any separate action being required from the shareholders of Sampo plc in relation thereto.The shares in Mandatum plc are intended to be admitted to trading on the official list of Nasdaq Helsinki Ltd. Trading is intended to begin on the Effective Date  or in case the Effective Date does not fall on a trading day  the first potential trading day following the Effective Date.As part of the demerger resolution the Annual General Meeting resolves on  conditional upon the registration of the completion of the demerger:a) The establishment of Mandatum plc and the approval of its articles of associationThe receiving company in the demerger is established in connection with the registration of the completion of the demerger. It has been proposed that the trade name of the company be Mandatum Oyj (in English: Mandatum plc)  and the company’s proposed articles of association are included in full as an appendix to the demerger plan.The proposed articles of association of Mandatum plc are  to the extent applicable  based on Sampo plc’s currently valid Articles of Association  taking into consideration the amendments proposed to the Articles of Association in Sections 17 and 18 of the Notice of the Annual General Meeting.b) The composition of Mandatum plc’s Board of Directors and the selection of its auditor as well as their remunerationAccording to the proposed articles of association of Mandatum plc  the Board of Directors of Mandatum plc shall consist of three (3) to ten (10) members. It is proposed that Mandatum plc’s Board of Directors is elected in accordance with the demerger plan approved and signed by Sampo plc’s Board of Directors on 29 March 2023  wherein the composition of the Board of Directors of Mandatum plc is described in detail.The term of such members of the Board of Directors shall commence on the Effective Date and shall expire at the end of the first Annual General Meeting of Mandatum plc following the Effective Date. The Board of Directors of Mandatum plc may however take certain decisions on behalf of Mandatum plc already prior to the Effective Date  as set forth in the demerger plan.All the proposed Board members of Mandatum plc  excluding Patrick Lapveteläinen  have been determined to be independent of Mandatum plc and its major shareholders under the rules of the Finnish Corporate Governance Code 2020. Patrick Lapveteläinen has been determined to be independent of Mandatum plc’s major shareholders  but not independent of Mandatum plc due to the company intending to engage Lapveteläinen as a full-time Chair of the Board. Prior to assuming the duties of a Board member of Mandatum plc  each such person must fulfil the Fitness & Propriety requirements set by the Finnish Financial Supervisory Authority.It is proposed that each member of the Board of Directors of Mandatum plc be remunerated in accordance with the demerger plan approved and signed by Sampo plc’s Board of Directors on 29 March 2023.According to the proposed articles of association of Mandatum plc  Mandatum plc shall have one (1) auditor which must be an auditing firm authorised by the Finnish Patent and Registration Office. In accordance with the demerger plan approved and signed by Sampo plc's Board of Directors on 29 March 2023  it is therefore proposed that the firm of authorised public accountants Deloitte Ltd be elected as the Mandatum plc’s auditor for the financial year 2023. If Deloitte Ltd is elected as Mandatum plc’s auditor  the firm has announced that APA Reeta Virolainen will act as the auditor with principal responsibility. APA Reeta Virolainen has acted as Mandatum Group’s principally responsible auditor since 2021. Sampo plc’s Board of Directors also proposes that compensation be paid to Mandatum plc’s auditor against an invoice approved by Mandatum plc.c) The establishment of a shareholders’ nomination board for Mandatum plcIt is proposed to establish a shareholders’ nomination board for Mandatum plc in accordance with the demerger plan approved and signed by Sampo plc’s Board of Directors on 29 March 2023.Resolutions that are conditional on the completion of the demerger will enter into force in connection with the registration of the completion of the demerger.The holder of all of Sampo plc’s B shares has given its consent to the partial demerger of Sampo plc in accordance with the demerger plan dated 29 March 2023 and has committed to voting in favour of the proposal regarding the partial demerger at the Annual General Meeting.29 March 2023SAMPO PLCBoard of DirectorsAttachment,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,negative,0.01,0.37,0.62,True,English,"['Annual General Meeting', 'Sampo plc', 'Proposals', 'Board', 'Directors', 'committees', 'SAMPO PLC STOCK EXCHANGE RELEASE', 'next Annual General Meeting', 'five (5) new B shares', 'five (5) new A shares', 'following annual fees', 'Antti Mäkinen', 'Björn Wahlroos', '1,000,000 new B shares', 'outstanding A shares', '2,581,897,560 new A shares', 'current B share', 'current A share', 'partial demerger proposal', 'new shares', '50,000,000 Sampo plc', '300,000,000 Sampo plc', 'new members', 'current members', 'share issue', 'share split', 'English Finnish', 'Further information', 'several occasions', '9.7 per cent', 'Christian Clausen', 'Fiona Clutterbuck', 'Georg Ehrnrooth', 'Jannica Fagerholm', 'Johanna Lamminen', 'Steve Langan', 'Risto Murto', 'Markus Rauramo', 'Annica Witschard', 'sufficient time', 'demerger plan', 'Audit Committee', 'ten members', 'Vice Chair', 'standing Chair', 'Remuneration Committee', 'The Nomination', 'Other proposals', 'The Board', 'Board members', 'Directors', 'committees', '17 May', 'distribution', 'profit', 'number', 'Auditor', 'election', 'authorisation', 'repurchase', 'company', 'amendment', 'articles', 'Association', 'payment', 'addition', 'AGM', 'shareholders', 'proportion', 'holdings', 'maximum', 'action', 'appendix', 'one', 'consideration', 'accordance', 'Mandatum', 'Group', 'website', 'term', 'close', '29 March', 'duties', 'event', 'light', '1:20']",2023-03-29,2023-03-30,globenewswire.com
21630,Euroclear,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/SAMPO-OYJ-42062213/news/Proposals-of-Sampo-plc-s-Board-of-Directors-and-its-committees-to-the-Annual-General-Meeting-43365766/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230329,Proposals of Sampo plc's Board of Directors and its committees to the Annual General Meeting,(marketscreener.com)  SAMPO PLC                        STOCK EXCHANGE RELEASE                  29 March 2023 at 1:20 pm EEST Proposals of Sampo...https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/SAMPO-OYJ-42062213/news/Proposals-of-Sampo-plc-s-Board-of-Directors-a…,Proposals of Sampo plc's Board of Directors and its committees to the Annual General Meeting 03/29/2023 | 06:21am EDT Send by mail :Name : First name : From * : To * : (You can enter multiple email addresses separated by commas) Message : * Required fields SAMPO PLC STOCK EXCHANGE RELEASE 29 March 2023 at 1:20 pm EEST Proposals of Sampo plc's Board of Directors and its committees to the Annual General Meeting Sampo plc's Board of Directors and its committees have made the following proposals to the Annual General Meeting to be held on 17 May 2023: • Proposal for distribution of profit • Proposal for the remuneration of the members of the Board of Directors • Proposal for the number of members and the members of the Board of Directors • Proposal for the remuneration of the Auditor • Proposal for the election of the Auditor • Proposal for authorisation on the repurchase of the company’s own shares • Proposal on the amendment of articles 3 §  4 § and 14 § of the company’s Articles of Association • Proposal on the amendment of article 11 § of the company’s Articles of Association • Proposal for the authorisation to resolve upon a share issue without payment (share split) • Proposal for the partial demerger of Sampo plc The Board proposes to the Annual General Meeting a dividend of EUR 2.60 per share. In addition  the Board proposes to the AGM for authorisation to resolve upon a share issue without payment (share split). Based on the proposed authorisation  the Board of Directors could resolve to issue new shares to all shareholders without payment in proportion to their holdings so that a maximum of five (5) new A shares would be issued for each current A share and a maximum of five (5) new B shares would be issued for each current B share. Based on the number of shares  a maximum of 2 581 897 560 new A shares and a maximum of 1 000 000 new B shares would be issued. The share issue without payment would not require any action from the shareholders. Further information is available in the appendix 9. The Board of Directors proposes to the Annual General Meeting that the Annual General Meeting authorise the Board to resolve to repurchase  on one or several occasions  a maximum of 50 000 000 Sampo plc's A shares representing approximately 9.7 per cent of all outstanding A shares of the company. If the Annual General Meeting approves the Board's proposal to authorise the Board to decide on a share issue without consideration (share split) and the Board decides on a share issue without consideration in accordance with the authorisation  a maximum of 300 000 000 Sampo plc's A shares may be repurchased  representing approximately 9.7 per cent of all outstanding A shares of the company after the new shares to be issued in the share issue without consideration have been registered. The repurchased shares will be cancelled. Further information is available in appendix 6. As disclosed earlier this morning  the Board has resolved to propose to the AGM a partial demerger of Sampo plc to separate Mandatum from the Group. Further information on the partial demerger proposal is available in appendix 10 and at the company’s website at www.sampo.com/demerger . Proposals for the remuneration  number  and members of the Board of Directors The Nomination and Remuneration Committee of the Board of Directors proposes to the Annual General Meeting that the number of Board members that be increased by one and that ten members be elected to the Board. The Nomination and Remuneration Committee proposes that the current members of the Board Christian Clausen  Fiona Clutterbuck  Georg Ehrnrooth  Jannica Fagerholm  Johanna Lamminen  Steve Langan  Risto Murto and Markus Rauramo be re-elected for a term continuing until the close of the next Annual General Meeting. The Committee proposes that Antti Mäkinen and Annica Witschard be elected as new members to the Board. The Nomination and Remuneration Committee proposes that the Board members elect Antti Mäkinen from among its number as the Chair of the Board and Jannica Fagerholm as the Vice Chair. Sampo plc’s long-standing Chair of the Board Björn Wahlroos has notified the Nomination and Remuneration Committee of the Board of Directors that he is no longer available for re-election. Further  Johanna Lamminen has notified the Committee that she will no longer continue on the Board of Directors of Sampo plc if and when the demerger of Sampo plc is completed in accordance with the demerger plan approved and signed by the Board of Directors on 29 March 2023  so that she may devote sufficient time to her duties. In such event the number of Board members of Sampo plc will decrease to nine. The Nomination and Remuneration Committee of the Board of Directors proposes to the Annual General Meeting that each member of the Board of Directors be paid an annual fee of EUR 101 000 until the close of the next Annual General Meeting and the Chair of the Board be paid EUR 228 000. Furthermore  the Nomination and Remuneration Committee proposes that the members of the Board of Directors and its Committees be paid the following annual fees: • the Vice Chair of the Board be paid EUR 30 000  • the Chair of the Audit Committee be paid EUR 28 000  and • each member of the Audit Committee be paid EUR 6 400. Other proposals In light of the Company’s recent strategic developments and the separate proposal made to the Annual General Meeting regarding a share issue without payment  the Board of Directors has considered that the Articles of Association should be updated. The Board of Directors proposes that article 3 § of the Company’s Articles of Association is amended in accordance with the Sampo Group strategy announced on 24 February 2021 to reflect the Company’s current strategy and main business area. In addition  the Board proposes that article 4 § of the Company’s Articles of Association is amended pursuant to the proposed authorisation for the Board of Directors to resolve upon a share issue without payment (share split)  which necessitates a deletion of the minimum and maximum amounts set for the Company’s A and B shares. Further  it is proposed that certain other technical amendments are made to the Articles of Association  which streamline the Articles of Association and ensure that it is in line with the current wordings of the Finnish Companies Act. The Board of Directors proposes to the Annual General Meeting that the Annual General Meeting resolves to amend article 11 § of the Company’s Articles of Association such that  should the Board of Directors so decide  General Meetings may be convened as a so-called hybrid or remote meeting. The Board of Directors proposes that the firm of authorised public accountants Deloitte Ltd be re-elected as the Company’s auditor for the financial year 2023. The Board’s proposals in their entirety are attached in full to this release. SAMPO PLCBoard of Directors For further information  please contact:Sami TaipalusHead of Investor Relationstel. +358 10 516 0030 Maria SilanderCommunications Manager  Media Relationstel. +358 10 516 0031 Mirko HurmerintaInvestor Relations Managertel. +358 10 516 0032 Distribution:Nasdaq HelsinkiNasdaq StockholmLondon Stock ExchangeThe principal mediaFIN-FSAwww.sampo.comAPPENDIX 1 Proposal of the Board of Directors for distribution of profit Dividend Under Sampo Group’s capital management framework  Sampo will return ongoing surplus capital generation from its insurance operations through a regular dividend. Other forms of surplus capital generation  including possible proceeds from disposals of financial investments  are returned through additional dividends and/or buybacks  to the extent that the funds are not utilised to support business development. Sampo targets a Solvency II ratio of 170–190 per cent and financial leverage below 30 per cent. According to Sampo plc’s Dividend Policy applied for distribution of 2022 earnings  total annual dividends paid shall represent at least 70 per cent of Sampo Group’s net profit for the year (excluding extraordinary items). In 2022  accounting items related to the sale of Nordea shares  the sale of Topdanmark life insurance operations and the reclassification of Nordax from an associated company to fair value investment have been defined as extraordinary in accordance with Sampo’s dividend policy. The parent company’s distributable capital and reserves totalled EUR 6 715 706 916.29 of which profit for the financial year 2022 was EUR 1 780 426 719.09. Based on the policies outlined above  the Board proposes to the Annual General Meeting that a total dividend of EUR 2.60 per share be paid to all shares except for the shares held by Sampo plc on the dividend record date of 22 May 2023. The total dividend includes a regular dividend of EUR 1.80 per share as well as an extra dividend of EUR 0.80 per share. As earnings per share excluding extraordinary items amounted to EUR 2.41 per share  the payout ratio for the total dividend equates to 108 per cent. The remainder of the distributable funds are left in the company’s equity capital. After adjusting for the proposed dividend  Sampo Group’s 2022 year-end distributable funds amounted to EUR 5 378 million  Group Solvency II ratio to 210 per cent and financial leverage to 28.6 per cent. Dividend payment The dividend is proposed to be paid to the shareholders registered in the register of shareholders held by Euroclear Finland Oy as at the record date of 22 May 2023. The Board proposes that the dividends be paid on 31 May 2023. The issuer of the Swedish depository receipts shall ensure that the dividend is paid to the depository receipt holders registered in the securities depository and settlement register maintained by Euroclear Sweden AB as at the record date of 22 May 2023  which payment shall be made in Swedish kronor. Financial position No significant changes have taken place in the company's financial position since the end of the financial year. The company's liquidity position is good and in the view of the Board  the proposed distributions do not jeopardise the company's ability to fulfil its obligations. 10 February 2023 SAMPO PLCBoard of Directors APPENDIX 2 Proposal of the Nomination and Remuneration Committee for the remuneration of the members of the Board of Directors The Nomination and Remuneration Committee of the Board of Directors proposes to the Annual General Meeting that each member of the Board of Directors be paid an annual fee of EUR 101 000 until the close of the next Annual General Meeting and the Chair of the Board be paid EUR 228 000. Furthermore  the Nomination and Remuneration Committee proposes that the members of the Board of Directors and its Committees be paid the following annual fees: the Vice Chair of the Board be paid EUR 30 000 the Chair of the Audit Committee be paid EUR 28 000  andeach member of the Audit Committee be paid EUR 6 400. In determining the proposed fees  the Nomination and Remuneration Committee’s primary objective is to ensure Sampo’s continued ability to compete for domestic and international top-of-the-class Board competence. The objective is especially relevant at times when the Board is undergoing significant changes  such as when nominating a successor to the long-standing Chair of the Board  and new Board members are being sought. In the fourteen years preceding Sampo’s Annual General Meeting to be held on 17 May 2023  the annual fees of Sampo plc’s Board members  including Committee members’ fees but excluding the fees of the Vice Chair of the Board and Chair of the Audit Committee  have been increased by 1.7 per cent per annum on average. The annual fees of the Chair of the Board during the same period have been increased by 1.2 per cent per annum on average. The annual fees of the Board remained entirely static during 2008–2015.The proposed increase in the annual fees of the Board members is approximately 3 per cent. In determining the proposed fees  the Committee has benchmarked the current annual fees against the fees paid to Boards of companies similar to Sampo Group. Based on this comparison  the Committee concluded that the annual fee of the Board members is on a level comparable to the average annual fees paid to Board members of international peers. The Committee has also considered the effect of regulations applicable to Sampo Group on the demands of the Board’s work. In searching for a suitable candidate to be nominated as Chair of the Board  the Committee concluded that in order to attract top-of-the-class Board competence  the annual fee of the Chair of the Board is to be notably increased. The significance of the annual fee’s competitiveness is amplified by the fact that the newly nominated Chair of the Board is not a significant shareholder of the company  unlike the current Chair of the Board. With reference to the above  the Committee considers the proposed increase in the annual fee of the Chair of the Board of 20 per cent as justified. In determining the proposed fee  the Committee has benchmarked the current annual fee against the fees paid to the Chairs of the Boards of companies similar to Sampo Group and operating in the same geographical market. Based on this comparison  the Committee concluded that the annual fee of the Chair of the Board is considerably below the average annual fees paid to Chairs of the Boards of international peers in the financial sector  especially when considering the ratio of the annual fee of the Chair of the Board as compared to the annual fee of the Board members.Potential statutory social and pension costs incurring to Board members having permanent residence outside Finland will  according to applicable national legislation  be borne by Sampo plc. In addition  actual travel and accommodation costs incurring to a Board member will be reimbursed.A Board member shall  in accordance with the resolution of the Annual General Meeting  acquire Sampo plc A shares at the price paid in public trading for 50 per cent of his/her annual fee after the deduction of taxes  payments and potential statutory social and pension costs. The company will pay any possible transfer tax related to the acquisition of the company shares. A Board member shall make the purchase of shares during 2023 after the publication of the Interim Statement for January-September 2023 or  if this is not feasible because of insider regulations  on the first possible date thereafter. A Board member shall be obliged to retain the Sampo plc A shares under his/her ownership for two years from the purchasing date. The disposal restriction on the Sampo shares shall  however  be removed earlier in case the director’s Board membership ends prior to release of the restricted shares i.e. the shares will be released simultaneously when the term of the Board membership ends. If the director’s Board membership ends prior to the close of the next Annual General Meeting  the annual fees paid to such Board member may be recovered in proportion to the term of the Board membership left unserved. 29 March 2023 SAMPO PLCNomination and Remuneration Committee APPENDIX 3 Proposal of the Nomination and Remuneration Committee for the number of members of the Board of Directors and the members of the Board of Directors Number of members and composition of the Board of Directors The Nomination and Remuneration Committee of the Board of Directors proposes to the Annual General Meeting that the number of Board members be increased by one and that ten members be elected to the Board. Sampo plc’s long-standing Chair of the Board Björn Wahlroos has notified the Nomination and Remuneration Committee of the Board of Directors that he is no longer available for re-election. Further  Johanna Lamminen has notified the Committee that she will no longer continue on the Board of Directors of Sampo plc if and when the demerger of Sampo plc is completed in accordance with the demerger plan approved and signed by the Board of Directors on 29 March 2023  so that she may devote sufficient time to her duties. In such event the number of Board members of Sampo plc will decrease to nine. The Nomination and Remuneration Committee of the Board of Directors proposes that the current members of the Board Christian Clausen  Fiona Clutterbuck  Georg Ehrnrooth  Jannica Fagerholm  Johanna Lamminen  Steve Langan  Risto Murto and Markus Rauramo be re-elected for a term continuing until the close of the next Annual General Meeting. The Committee proposes that Antti Mäkinen and Annica Witschard be elected as new members to the Board. The Nomination and Remuneration Committee proposes that the Board members elect Antti Mäkinen from among its number as the Chair of the Board and Jannica Fagerholm as the Vice Chair. It is proposed that Christian Clausen  Risto Murto  Antti Mäkinen (Chair) and Markus Rauramo be elected to the Nomination and Remuneration Committee  and that Fiona Clutterbuck  Georg Ehrnrooth  Jannica Fagerholm (Chair)  Johanna Lamminen  Steve Langan and Annica Witschard be elected to the Audit Committee. The compositions of the Committees fulfil the Finnish Corporate Governance Code 2020’s requirements for independence. It is the opinion of the Nomination and Remuneration Committee that the proposed Board of Directors and its members are suitable for the assignment both collectively and individually and that Antti Mäkinen is suitable for the position of Chair of the Board. Further  the Committee is of the opinion that the proposed Board of Directors enables it to work effectively and reflects Sampo plc’s short- and long-term needs. New Board members Antti Mäkinen has over 20 years of experience working at the highest levels of the financial industry  including having worked as CEO of Solidium and eQ as well as in key management positions in SEB Enskilda Securities and Nordea. Mäkinen has also served as Chair of the Board of Directors of Stora Enso  as well as on the Boards of Directors of Sampo and Metso Outotec. Mäkinen was born in 1961 and holds a Master of Laws degree from the University of Helsinki. Annica Witschard has over 10 years of managerial experience in the financial industry  including PPF/Home Credit and GE Money Bank. She was born in 1973 and holds a Master of Science in Business and Economics from Linköping University. Diversity and independence When proposing the composition of the Board of Directors  the aim of the Nomination and Remuneration Committee is to ensure that the Board of Directors is composed of first-rate professionals and that the Board of Directors as a whole for the purpose of its work possesses the requisite knowledge of and experience in the social  business and cultural conditions of the regions and markets in which the main activities of the Group are carried out. When proposing the composition of the Board of Directors  it is recognised that diversity  including age  gender  geographical provenance and educational and professional background  is an important factor in accordance with the Sampo plc Board Diversity Policy. According to the target set by the Board  each gender shall be represented by at least 37.5 per cent of the members of the Board. The proposed composition of the Board results in each gender being represented by at least 40 per cent of the members of the Board. The Committee’s proposal also takes into consideration the proposed partial demerger of Sampo plc. The Committee’s proposal ensures that the Boards of Directors of both Sampo plc and Mandatum plc can be formed such that they comprise of first-rate Board members who are knowledgeable and experienced in the relevant business  ensuring continuity in each Board’s work. Jannica Fagerholm and Johanna Lamminen are both proposed to be members of Mandatum plc’s Board of Directors  in accordance with the demerger plan approved and signed by the Board of Directors of Sampo plc on 29 March 2023. In the event that Johanna Lamminen resigns as a Board member as a consequence of the proposed partial demerger of Sampo plc  the composition of the Board will temporarily deviate from the target of each gender being represented by at least 37.5 per cent of the members of the Board. In such event  the Board of Directors remains committed to reaching its target of having both genders represented in the Board and will endeavour to reach the target when proposing candidates for Board membership next time. The Committee has assessed that in light of the strategic development of Sampo Group  and taking into consideration the dual listing of Sampo plc on Nasdaq Stockholm  the composition of Sampo plc’s Board of Directors shall in addition to the current knowledge emphasise expertise and knowledge of Sweden’s geographical market. All the proposed Board members have been determined to be independent of the company and its major shareholders under the rules of the Finnish Corporate Governance Code 2020. In so determining  the Committee has taken into account that Jannica Fagerholm will have served on Sampo plc’s Board of Directors in excess of 10 consecutive years. Based on an overall assessment  the Committee has determined that Jannica Fagerholm’s independence is not compromised due to her long service history on its own  and no other factors or circumstances have been identified that would impair her independence. The CVs of all persons proposed as Board members are available at www.sampo.com/agm. 29 March 2023 SAMPO PLCNomination and Remuneration Committee Annex 1: CV of Antti Mäkinen Curriculum Vitae: Antti Mäkinen Born 1961 Education: University of Helsinki- Master of Laws 1986 Career: Solidium- CEO 2017–2022 Nordea Bank AB (publ)- Several director positions 2010–2017 eQ Corporation- CEO 2005–2009 SEB Enskilda Securities- Finnish branch  Director 1996–2005 Hannes Snellman Attorneys Ltd- Partner 1985-1996 Positions of trust: Stora Enso  Chair of the Board of Directors 2021–23  member 2018–2021  2023- Metso Outotec Corporation  member of the Board of Directors 2020–2023 (Metso Corporation 2018–2019) Sampo plc  member of the Board of Directors 2018–2021 Annex 2: CV of Annica Witschard Curriculum Vitae: Annica Witschard Born 1973 Current Position: PPF/Home Credit Vietnam • CEO 2020– Education: University of Linköping • Master of Science (Business & Economics) 1999 Career: PPF/Home Credit • President & CEO for Home Credit Philippines 2016–2019 General Electric (GE Money) • CEO  GE Capital Nordics & GE Money Bank AB 2012–2015 • Country Leader  GE Money Bank Sweden 2009–2012 • Operations Leader  GE Money Bank Sweden 2006–2009 • Operations Development Leader  GE Money Bank Sweden 2003–2005 • Quality Project Leader  GE Capital Bank 2001–2003 • European Management Development Program  GE Capital 1999–2001 APPENDIX 4 Proposal of the Audit Committee for the remuneration of the Auditor The Audit Committee of the Board of Directors proposes to the Annual General Meeting that compensation be paid to the Company’s Auditor against an invoice approved by the Company. As background to the proposal  the Audit Committee states that Deloitte Ltd has acted as Sampo plc’s Auditor in 2022. The fees paid by Sampo plc to Deloitte Ltd for statutory audit services invoiced in 2022 totaled approximately EUR 975 000. In addition  Sampo plc paid Deloitte Ltd a total of approximately EUR 112 100 in fees for non-audit services. The fees paid by Sampo Group to audit firm Deloitte for statutory audit services in 2022 totaled approximately EUR 4 266 700. In addition  Sampo Group paid audit firm Deloitte a total of approximately EUR 743 900 in fees for non-audit services  which is at most approximately 18 per cent of the fees paid by Sampo Group to audit firm Deloitte for statutory audit services. The Auditor’s fees for services provided to Sampo Group have been presented in note 31 of the annex to the consolidated financial statements. 29 March 2023 SAMPO PLCAudit Committee APPENDIX 5 Proposal of the Audit Committee for the election of the Auditor The Audit Committee of the Board of Directors proposes to the Annual General Meeting that the firm of authorised public accountants Deloitte Ltd be re-elected as the Company’s auditor for the financial year 2023. If Deloitte Ltd is elected as Sampo plc’s auditor  the firm has announced that APA Jukka Vattulainen will continue as the auditor with principal responsibility. APA Jukka Vattulainen has acted as the company’s principally responsible auditor since 2021. The Audit Committee notes that its proposal is free from influence by a third party  and the Audit Committee is not subject to compliance with any such clauses referred to in Article 16(6) of the Audit Regulation (Regulation (EU) No 537/2014 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 16 April 2014 on specific requirements regarding statutory audit of public-interest entities and repealing Commission Decision 2005/909/EC) that restrict the choice as regards the election of a statutory auditor or audit firm. 29 March 2023 SAMPO PLCAudit Committee APPENDIX 6 Proposal of the Board of Directors for authorisation to decide on the repurchase of the company’s own shares The Board of Directors proposes to the Annual General Meeting that the Annual General Meeting authorise the Board to resolve to repurchase  on one or several occasions  a maximum of 50 000 000 Sampo plc's A shares representing approximately 9.7 per cent of all outstanding A shares of the company. If the Annual General Meeting approves the Board's proposal to authorise the Board to decide on a share issue without consideration (share split) in accordance with Section 20 of the Notice of the Annual General Meeting  and the Board decides on a share issue without consideration in accordance with the authorisation  a maximum of 300 000 000 Sampo plc's A shares may be repurchased  representing approximately 9.7 per cent of all outstanding A shares of the company after the new shares to be issued in the share issue without consideration pursuant to Section 20 of the Notice of the Annual General Meeting have been registered. The repurchased shares will be cancelled. The shares may be repurchased either through an offer to all shareholders on equal terms or through other means and otherwise than in proportion to the existing shareholdings of the company’s shareholders (directed repurchase) if the Board of Directors deems that there are weighty financial reasons for such directed repurchase. Directed repurchases may be carried out  among others  through open market purchases  participation in accelerated book-building processes or through arranging reversed accelerated book-building processes. The purchase price per share shall be no more than (i) the highest price paid for the company's shares in public trading on the day of the repurchase or the offer to repurchase the company's own shares  or alternatively  (ii) the average of the share prices (volume weighted average price on the regulated markets where the company's share is admitted to trading) during the five trading days preceding the repurchase or the offer to repurchase the company's own shares giving retrospective effect to a potential share split increasing the total number of shares. The lowest purchase price per share shall be the price that is 20 per cent lower than the lowest price paid for the company's shares in public trading during the validity of this authorisation until the repurchase or the offer to repurchase the company's own shares giving retrospective effect to a potential share split increasing the total number of shares. The repurchases under the authorisation are proposed to be carried out by using funds in the unrestricted shareholders' equity  which means that the repurchases will reduce funds available for distribution of profit. The Board of Directors shall be authorised to decide on all other terms relating to the repurchase of the company's own shares. The holder of all of Sampo plc's B shares has given its consent to a buy-back of A shares. It is proposed that the authorisation be valid until the close of the next Annual General Meeting  however no longer than 18 months from the Annual General Meeting's decision. 29 March 2023 SAMPO PLCBoard of Directors APPENDIX 7 Proposal of the Board of Directors on the amendment of articles 3 §  4 § and 14 § of the company’s articles of association The Board of Directors proposes to the Annual General Meeting that the Annual General Meeting resolves to amend the Company’s Articles of Association in accordance with the following and such that articles 3–4 § and 14 § are amended as set out below. A comparison against the current wording may be found in the attached table. Sampo plc’s Articles of Association were last amended by the Annual General Meeting held on 19 April 2018. In light of the Company’s recent strategic developments and the separate proposal made to the Annual General Meeting regarding a share issue without payment  the Company’s Board of Directors has considered that the Articles of Association as they pertain to the Company’s business area and the number of shares of both share classes should be updated. Further  it is proposed that certain other technical amendments are made to the Articles of Association  which streamline the Articles of Association and ensure that it is in line with the current wordings of the Finnish Companies Act. The most significant proposed changes to the Articles of Association are: 3 § Business area of the Company The Board of Directors proposes that article 3 § of the Company’s Articles of Association is amended in accordance with the Sampo Group strategy announced on 24 February 2021 to reflect the Company’s current strategy and main business area. In its amended form  said article would read as follows: “The Company operates as the parent company of Sampo Group  which has its focus on P&C insurance. The Company sets the Group’s strategy and capital management framework and carries out centrally-managed Group tasks. The Company may also own and manage shares  other securities and properties  and to engage in securities trading and other investment activities.” 4 § Classes of shares The Board of Directors proposes that article 4 § of the Company’s Articles of Association is amended pursuant to the proposed authorisation for the Board of Directors to resolve upon a share issue without payment (share split)  which necessitates a deletion of the minimum and maximum amounts set for the Company’s A and B shares. In its amended form  said article would read as follows: “The shares are divided into A and B classes  with each A share entitling its holder to one vote and each B share entitling its holder to five votes at a General Meeting of Shareholders. Each B share can be converted into an A share at the request of the holder of the B share or  with respect to nominee-registered shares  at the request of the nominee under whose name the shares are registered in the Shareholders’ Register. The conversion request shall be made in writing to the Company. The request shall specify the number of shares to be converted and the book-entry securities account where the shares are to be entered. The Company may request that an entry be made in the shareholders’ book-entry securities account during the conversion procedure restricting the owner’s right of disposal. Any decisions on conversion and related details shall be made by the Board of Directors or the Board’s authorised representative.” 14 § The Board of Directors proposes that article 14 § of the Company’s Articles of Association is amended such that the matters to be addressed in the Annual General Meeting are supplemented in accordance with the Finnish Companies Act such that the Annual General Meeting shall decide on the remuneration policy  when necessary  and decide on the acceptance of the remuneration report. Further  the numbering of current subsections 6—10 shall be changed accordingly due to the above-mentioned amendments. Additionally  the Board of Directors proposes that subsection 1 is supplemented with a reference to the reception of the Report of the Board of Directors and subsection 4 is amended to correspond to the wording of the Finnish Companies Act. In its amended form  said article would read as follows: “The Annual General Meeting shall receive1. the Financial Statements and the Report of the Board of Directors 2. the Auditors' Report decide on3. the acceptance of the Financial Statements4. the use of the profit shown on the balance sheet5. the release from liability of the members of the Board of Directors and the Managing Director6. the Remuneration Policy  when necessary7. the acceptance of the Remuneration Report8. the number of members of the Board of Directors and their fees9. the fees of the Auditor elect10. the members of the Board of Directors11. the Auditor discuss12. any other business on the meeting agenda.” 29 March 2023 SAMPO PLCBoard of Directors Appendix: Current wording Proposed new wording 3 § Business area of the CompanyThe Company’s business area is to own and manage shares  other securities and properties  and to engage in securities trading and other investment activities. The Company carries out centrally-managed Group administration tasks for the credit institutions  insurance companies and other companies that are part of the Group. Business area of the CompanyThe Company operates as the parent company of Sampo Group  which has its focus on P&C insurance. The Company sets the Group’s strategy and capital management framework and carries out centrally-managed Group tasks. The Company may also own and manage shares  other securities and properties  and to engage in securities trading and other investment activities.4 § Classes of sharesThe shares are divided into A and B classes  with the number of A shares being 179 000 000 at minimum and 711 200 000 at maximum  and the number of B shares being 0 at minimum and 4 800 000 at maximum. Each A share entitles its holder to one vote and each B share entitles its holder to five votes at a General Meeting of Shareholders.Each B share can be converted into an A share at the request of the holder of the B share or  with respect to nominee-registered shares  at the request of the nominee under whose name the shares are registered in the Shareholders’ Register. The conversion request shall be made in writing to the Company. The request shall specify the number of shares to be converted and the book-entry securities account where the shares are to be entered. The Company may request that an entry be made in the shareholders’ book-entry securities account during the conversion procedure restricting the owner’s right of disposal. Any decisions on conversion and related details shall be made by the Board of Directors or theBoard’s authorised representative. Classes of sharesThe shares are divided into A and B classes  with each A share entitling its holder to one vote and each B share entitling its holder to five votes at a General Meeting of Shareholders.Each B share can be converted into an A share at the request of the holder of the B share or  with respect to nominee-registered shares  at the request of the nominee under whose name the shares are registered in the Shareholders’ Register. The conversion request shall be made in writing to the Company. The request shall specify the number of shares to be converted and the book-entry securities account where the shares are to be entered. The Company may request that an entry be made in the shareholders’ book-entry securities account during the conversion procedure restricting the owner’s right of disposal. Any decisions on conversion and related details shall be made by the Board of Directors or the Board’s authorised representative. 14 § The Annual General Meeting shallreceive1. the Financial Statements2. the Auditors' Reportdecide on3. the acceptance of the Financial Statements4. the measures occasioned by the profit shown in the accepted Financial Statements5. the release from liability of the members of the Board of Directors and the Managing Director6. the number of members of the Board of Directors and their fees7. the fees of the Auditorelect8. the members of the Board of Directors9. the Auditordiscuss10. any other business on the meeting agenda. The Annual General Meeting shallreceive1. the Financial Statements and the Report of the Board of Directors 2. the Auditors' Reportdecide on3. the acceptance of the Financial Statements4. the use of the profit shown on the balance sheet5. the release from liability of the members of the Board of Directors and the Managing Director6. the Remuneration Policy  when necessary7. the acceptance of the Remuneration Report8. the number of members of the Board of Directors and their fees9. the fees of the Auditorelect10. the members of the Board of Directors11. the Auditordiscuss12. any other business on the meeting agenda. APPENDIX 8 Proposal of the Board of Directors on the amendment of article 11 § of the Company’s articles of association The Board of Directors proposes to the Annual General Meeting that the Annual General Meeting resolves to amend article 11 § of the Company’s Articles of Association such that  should the Board of Directors so decide  General Meetings may be convened as a so-called hybrid or remote meeting. As a prerequisite for convening a hybrid or remote meeting  shareholders must be able to exercise their full decision-making power during such General Meeting as if they were attending the meeting physically  including the right to present questions and to vote  using a remote connection and technical means  in accordance with the Finnish Companies Act. The proposed amendment is intended to prepare the Company for changes in its operating environment and society  so that shareholders maintain the possibility to exercise their full decision-making power on any matters presented to a General Meeting under any circumstances. In its amended form  said article would read as follows: “The Company’s shareholders exercise their decision-making power with respect to the Company’s affairs at a General Meeting of Shareholders. General Meetings are held in Helsinki. The Board of Directors may decide that participation in the General Meeting is also permitted such that a shareholder exercises their full decision-making power during the General Meeting using a remote connection and technical means. The Board of Directors may also decide to convene a General Meeting without a physical venue such that the shareholders exercise their full decision-making power in real time using a remote connection and technical means during the General Meeting. To be entitled to attend a General Meeting  a shareholder must give notification of his/her intention to attend to the Company no later than on the date mentioned in the meeting notice  which may be no earlier than ten days prior to the meeting.” 29 March 2023 SAMPO PLCBoard of Directors Appendix: Current wording Proposed new wording 11 § General meeting of shareholdersThe Company’s shareholders exercise their decision-making power with respect to the Company’s affairs at a General Meeting of Shareholders. General Meetings areheld in Helsinki.To be entitled to attend a General Meeting  a shareholder must give notification of his/her intention to attend to the Company on the date mentioned in the meetingnotice  which may be no earlier than ten days prior to the meeting. General meeting of shareholdersThe Company’s shareholders exercise their decision-making power with respect to the Company’s affairs at a General Meeting of Shareholders. General Meetings areheld in Helsinki.The Board of Directors may decide that participation in the General Meeting is also permitted such that a shareholder exercises their full decision-making power during the General Meeting using a remote connection and technical means.The Board of Directors may also decide to convene a General Meeting without a physical venue such that the shareholders exercise their full decision-making power in real time using a remote connection and technical means during the General Meeting.To be entitled to attend a General Meeting  a shareholder must give notification of his/her intention to attend to the Company no later than on the date mentioned in the meeting notice  which may be no earlier than ten days prior to the meeting. APPENDIX 9 Proposal of the Board of Directors for authorisation to resolve upon a share issue without payment (share split) The Board of Directors proposes to the Annual General Meeting that the Annual General Meeting resolves to authorise the Board of Directors to resolve upon a share issue without payment in proportion to shares owned by shareholders (share split) based on the following terms in order to enhance share liquidity. The Board of Directors could then resolve upon the timing and execution of the share issue without payment at its discretion and based on the then prevailing market conditions  for example also considering the potential completion of the partial demerger of Sampo plc  as proposed by the Board of Directors to the Annual General Meeting. Based on the proposed authorisation  the Board of Directors could resolve to issue new shares to all shareholders without payment in proportion to their holdings so that a maximum of five (5) new A shares would be issued for each current A share and a maximum of five (5) new B shares would be issued for each current B share. The Board of Directors would be authorised to decide the exact amount of new shares issued for each A share and each B share within the limits of the proposed maximum number of new shares such that the ratio of current shares to new shares would be the same for both classes of shares. Based on the number of shares on the date of publication of the Board’s proposal  a maximum of 2 581 897 560 new A shares and a maximum of 1 000 000 new B shares would be issued. The shares would be issued to shareholders who would be registered in the Company’s register of shareholders maintained by Euroclear Finland Oy on the record date of the share issue. The share issue without payment would be executed in the book-entry system and would not require any action from the shareholders. The new A shares would be converted into Swedish Depositary Receipts (“SDR”) in accordance with sections 7.1 and 7.2 of the General Terms and Conditions for the SDRs and would not require any action from SDR holders. The new shares would generate shareholders rights as of when they have been registered in the trade register. The Board of Directors would be authorised to decide on the record date of the share issue in accordance with applicable and valid legislation. The authorisation is proposed to remain valid until the next Annual General Meeting of Sampo plc  however at the latest until 30 June 2024. A resolution on the share issue requires amendment of 4 § of the Company’s Articles of Association as proposed to the Annual General Meeting. 29 March 2023 SAMPO PLCBoard of Directors APPENDIX 10 Proposal of the Board of Directors for the partial demerger of Sampo plc The Board of Directors proposes that the Annual General Meeting resolve to approve the partial demerger of Sampo plc in accordance with the demerger plan approved and signed by the Board of Directors of Sampo plc on 29 March 2023 and approves the demerger plan so that  as part of the demerger resolution  the Annual General Meeting would also resolve  conditionally upon the registration of the completion of the demerger on the matters presented below. The Annual General Meeting may only approve or reject this proposal regarding the partial demerger. This proposal regarding the partial demerger forms an entirety  which requires its adoption as a single resolution without alteration. However  despite the resolution of the Annual General Meeting  the Board of Directors may resolve to not complete the demerger if at any time prior to the completion of the demerger there exists in the view of the Board of Directors grounds due to which such non-completion would be appropriate. Background On 29 March 2023 Sampo plc issued a stock exchange release regarding the company’s partial demerger and the divestment of the life insurance and wealth management business. Sampo plc’s Board of Directors signed the demerger plan on 29 March 2023. The purpose of the demerger is to implement the divestment of the life insurance  wealth management business and related operations carried out by Mandatum Holding Ltd through its direct and indirect subsidiaries in order to form a new independent group of companies. The planned date of registration of the completion of the partial demerger is 1 October 2023 (the “Effective Date”). The actual Effective Date may change from said planned date in accordance with the demerger plan. The purpose of the demerger is to advance Sampo's strategy  which emphasises a preeminent focus on property and casualty (P&C) insurance operations  and to provide Mandatum Group with greater strategic and financial flexibility on a standalone basis  allowing it to continue to implement its current growth strategy focusing on fee-generative products and run-off of its with-profit book. Partial demerger To implement the partial demerger  the Board of Directors of Sampo plc proposes that the Annual General Meeting resolves to approve the partial demerger of Sampo plc as set forth in the demerger plan approved and signed by the Board of Directors of Sampo plc on 29 March 2023. As part of the partial demerger  all of the shares in Mandatum Holding Ltd (a wholly-owned direct subsidiary of Sampo plc) and related assets and liabilities will transfer without a liquidation procedure to Mandatum plc  a company to be incorporated in the demerger on the Effective Date as set forth in the demerger plan. The shareholders of Sampo plc shall receive as demerger consideration one (1) new share in Mandatum plc for each share (regardless of share class) owned in Sampo plc  i.e. the demerger consideration shall be issued to the shareholders of Sampo plc in proportion to their shareholdings with a ratio of 1:1. For the sake of clarity  the demerger consideration shall be delivered through the book-entry system without any separate action being required from the shareholders of Sampo plc in relation thereto. The shares in Mandatum plc are intended to be admitted to trading on the official list of Nasdaq Helsinki Ltd. Trading is intended to begin on the Effective Date  or in case the Effective Date does not fall on a trading day  the first potential trading day following the Effective Date. As part of the demerger resolution the Annual General Meeting resolves on  conditional upon the registration of the completion of the demerger: a) The establishment of Mandatum plc and the approval of its articles of association The receiving company in the demerger is established in connection with the registration of the completion of the demerger. It has been proposed that the trade name of the company be Mandatum Oyj (in English: Mandatum plc)  and the company’s proposed articles of association are included in full as an appendix to the demerger plan. The proposed articles of association of Mandatum plc are  to the extent applicable  based on Sampo plc’s currently valid Articles of Association  taking into consideration the amendments proposed to the Articles of Association in Sections 17 and 18 of the Notice of the Annual General Meeting. b) The composition of Mandatum plc’s Board of Directors and the selection of its auditor as well as their remuneration According to the proposed articles of association of Mandatum plc  the Board of Directors of Mandatum plc shall consist of three (3) to ten (10) members. It is proposed that Mandatum plc’s Board of Directors is elected in accordance with the demerger plan approved and signed by Sampo plc’s Board of Directors on 29 March 2023  wherein the composition of the Board of Directors of Mandatum plc is described in detail. The term of such members of the Board of Directors shall commence on the Effective Date and shall expire at the end of the first Annual General Meeting of Mandatum plc following the Effective Date. The Board of Directors of Mandatum plc may however take certain decisions on behalf of Mandatum plc already prior to the Effective Date  as set forth in the demerger plan. All the proposed Board members of Mandatum plc  excluding Patrick Lapveteläinen  have been determined to be independent of Mandatum plc and its major shareholders under the rules of the Finnish Corporate Governance Code 2020. Patrick Lapveteläinen has been determined to be independent of Mandatum plc’s major shareholders  but not independent of Mandatum plc due to the company intending to engage Lapveteläinen as a full-time Chair of the Board. Prior to assuming the duties of a Board member of Mandatum plc  each such person must fulfil the Fitness & Propriety requirements set by the Finnish Financial Supervisory Authority. It is proposed that each member of the Board of Directors of Mandatum plc be remunerated in accordance with the demerger plan approved and signed by Sampo plc’s Board of Directors on 29 March 2023. According to the proposed articles of association of Mandatum plc  Mandatum plc shall have one (1) auditor which must be an auditing firm authorised by the Finnish Patent and Registration Office. In accordance with the demerger plan approved and signed by Sampo plc's Board of Directors on 29 March 2023  it is therefore proposed that the firm of authorised public accountants Deloitte Ltd be elected as the Mandatum plc’s auditor for the financial year 2023. If Deloitte Ltd is elected as Mandatum plc’s auditor  the firm has announced that APA Reeta Virolainen will act as the auditor with principal responsibility. APA Reeta Virolainen has acted as Mandatum Group’s principally responsible auditor since 2021. Sampo plc’s Board of Directors also proposes that compensation be paid to Mandatum plc’s auditor against an invoice approved by Mandatum plc. c) The establishment of a shareholders’ nomination board for Mandatum plc It is proposed to establish a shareholders’ nomination board for Mandatum plc in accordance with the demerger plan approved and signed by Sampo plc’s Board of Directors on 29 March 2023. Resolutions that are conditional on the completion of the demerger will enter into force in connection with the registration of the completion of the demerger. The holder of all of Sampo plc’s B shares has given its consent to the partial demerger of Sampo plc in accordance with the demerger plan dated 29 March 2023 and has committed to voting in favour of the proposal regarding the partial demerger at the Annual General Meeting. 29 March 2023 SAMPO PLCBoard of Directors Attachment Antti MäkinenAntti Mäkinen Antti Mäkinen© GlobeNewswire 2023 All news about SAMPO OYJ 03:40a Sampo Logs Plan to Spin Off Mandatum Unit with Finnish Trade Register MT 02:31a Sampo has published comparative IFRS 17 figures for 2022 GL 02:31a Sampo has published comparative IFRS 17 figures for 2022 GL 02:15a Demerger plan of Sampo plc registered in Finnish Trade Register GL 01:30a Sampo plc cancels repurchased shares GL 01:30a Sampo plc cancels repurchased shares GL 03/29 Sampo to Launch Share Buyback Worth EUR400 Million MT 03/29 Sampo returns excess capital by launching a buyback programme of EUR 400 million GL 03/29 Sampo returns excess capital by launching a buyback programme of EUR 400 million AQ 03/29 Proposals of Sampo plc's Board of Directors and its committees to the Annual General Me.. GL Analyst Recommendations on SAMPO OYJ 01/31 Fitch Upgrades Hastings Rating On Improved Capitalization  Leverage MT 2020 Hastings : Fitch Upgrades Hastings' Long-Term Ratings on Takeover by Sampo  Ran.. MT,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,negative,0.0,0.24,0.76,True,English,"['Annual General Meeting', 'Sampo plc', 'Proposals', 'Board', 'Directors', 'committees', 'SAMPO PLC STOCK EXCHANGE RELEASE', 'next Annual General Meeting', 'five (5) new B shares', 'five (5) new A shares', 'multiple email addresses', 'Antti Mäkinen', 'Björn Wahlroos', '1,000,000 new B shares', 'outstanding A shares', '2,581,897,560 new A shares', 'current B share', 'current A share', 'partial demerger proposal', 'new shares', 'annual fee', '50,000,000 Sampo plc', '300,000,000 Sampo plc', 'new members', 'current members', 'share issue', 'share split', 'Further information', 'several occasions', '9.7 per cent', 'Christian Clausen', 'Fiona Clutterbuck', 'Georg Ehrnrooth', 'Jannica Fagerholm', 'Johanna Lamminen', 'Steve Langan', 'Risto Murto', 'Markus Rauramo', 'Annica Witschard', 'sufficient time', 'demerger plan', 'ten members', 'First name', 'Vice Chair', 'standing Chair', 'Remuneration Committee', 'The Nomination', 'EEST Proposals', 'Board members', 'Directors', 'committees', 'commas', 'Message', 'fields', '17 May', 'distribution', 'profit', 'number', 'Auditor', 'election', 'authorisation', 'repurchase', 'company', 'amendment', 'articles', 'Association', 'payment', 'EUR', 'addition', 'AGM', 'shareholders', 'proportion', 'holdings', 'maximum', 'action', 'appendix', 'one', 'consideration', 'accordance', 'Mandatum', 'Group', 'website', 'term', 'close', '29 March', 'duties', 'event', '1:20']",2023-03-29,2023-03-30,marketscreener.com
21631,Euroclear,NewsApi.org,https://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/notice-to-annual-general-meeting-of-shareholders-in-loomis-ab-301784325.html,Notice to Annual General Meeting of shareholders in Loomis AB,N.B. The below is an unofficial translation of the Swedish original  in case of any discrepancies between the Swedish original and the English translation the Swedish text shall prevail. STOCKHOLM  March 29  2023 /PRNewswire/ --The shareholders of Loomis AB  …,"N.B. The below is an unofficial translation of the Swedish original  in case of any discrepancies between the Swedish original and the English translation the Swedish text shall prevail.STOCKHOLM  March 29  2023 /PRNewswire/ --The shareholders of Loomis AB  Reg. No 556620-8095 (""Loomis"" or the ""company"")  are hereby invited to participate in the annual general meeting (the ""AGM"") to be held on Thursday May 4  2023 at 5 p.m. CEST  in Grünewaldsalen at Stockholm Concert Hall  entrance Kungsgatan 43  Stockholm. Registration for the AGM begins at 4.30 p.m. CEST.A. NOTICE OF ATTENDANCEA person who wishes to attend the AGM must:be listed as a shareholder in the presentation of the share register prepared by Euroclear Sweden AB  concerning the circumstances on Tuesday April 25  2023 ; and; and notify the company of their intention to participate in the AGM by post to Loomis AB  ""AGM""  c/o Euroclear Sweden AB  P.O. Box 191  SE-101 23 Stockholm  by telephone + 46 8 402 90 72 or via the company website www.loomis.com  by Thursday April 27  2023   at the latest  preferably before 4 p.m. When registering to attend  the shareholder must provide name  personal identity number (corporate identity number)  address  telephone number and the number of any representative (no more than two).If a shareholder is represented by proxy  a written and dated power of attorney signed by the shareholder must be issued to the proxy. A proxy form is available on the company website  www.loomis.com. If the shareholder is a legal entity  a certificate of registration or a corresponding document for the legal entity shall be attached. In order to facilitate registration at the AGM  the power of attorney as well as the certificate of registration and other authorization documents should be received by the company prior to the AGM.Nominee registered sharesA shareholder whose shares are nominee registered through a bank or other nominee must  in addition to giving notice of participation at the AGM  request that their shares be temporarily registered in their own name in the share register kept by Euroclear Sweden AB (so called voting right registration) in order to be entitled to participate at the AGM. The shareholders' register for the AGM  as of the record date Tuesday April 25  2023  will take into account voting right registrations completed no later than Thursday April 27  2023. Shareholders concerned must  in accordance with each nominee's routines  request that the nominee makes such voting right registration well in advance of that date.B. AGENDAProposal for agenda1. Opening of the Meeting.2. Election of Chairman of the Meeting.3. Preparation and approval of the voting list.4. Approval of the agenda.5. Election of one or two person(s) to approve the minutes.6. Determination of compliance with the rules of convocation.7. The President and CEO's report.8. Presentation of(a) the annual report and the auditor's report and the consolidated financial statements and the group auditor's report  and(b) the statement by the auditor on the compliance with the guidelines for remuneration to group management applicable since the last annual general meeting.9. Resolutions on(a) adoption of the statement of income and the balance sheet and the consolidated statement of income and the consolidated balance sheet  in each case as per December 31  2022 (b) appropriation of the company's profit according to the adopted balance sheet (c) record date for dividend  and(d) discharge of the Board members and the President and CEO from liability for the financial year 2022.10. Determination of the number of Board members.11. Determination of fees to Board members and auditor.12. Election of Board members and Chairman of the Board of Directors.13. Election of auditor.14. Resolution on approval of the remuneration report.15. Resolution on implementation of a long-term share-based incentive program  including hedging measures through conclusion of a share swap agreement.16. Resolution on authorization of the Board of Directors to resolve on repurchase and transfer of own shares.17. Closing of the Meeting.Nomination CommitteeAt the annual general meeting 2022  principles for the appointment of the Nomination Committee were adopted  entailing that the Nomination Committee shall be composed of representatives of the four largest shareholders in terms of voting rights registered in the shareholders' register maintained by Euroclear Sweden AB as of August 31 the year before the annual general meeting. In certain cases  the composition of the Nomination Committee shall be changed upon ownership changes that takes place after that date.The Nomination Committee for the AGM consists of the Chairman Elisabet Jamal Bergström (SEB Fonder)  Bernard Horn (Polaris Capital Management)  Jacob Lundgren (Second Swedish National Pension Fund) and Tobias Shute (Paradice Investment Management LLC). The Chairman of the Board of Directors  Alf Göransson  has been co-opted to the Nomination Committee.Election of Chairman of the meeting (item 2 on the agenda)The Nomination Committee has proposed that the Chairman of the Board of Directors  Alf Göransson  is elected as Chairman of the AGM.Resolutions on dividend and record date (items 9(b) and (c) on the agenda)The Board of Directors proposes a dividend of SEK 12 per share.As record date for the dividend  the Board of Directors proposes Monday May 8  2023. Should the AGM resolve in accordance with the proposal  the dividend is expected to be distributed by Euroclear Sweden AB on Thursday May 11  2023.Proposals for election of Board members  Chairman of the Board of Directors and auditor and resolution regarding fees (items 10–13 on the agenda)The Nomination Committee has proposed that the AGM resolves on the following:The number of Board members elected by the AGM shall be seven  with no deputy members. The Nomination Committee proposes re-election of the Board members Alf Göransson  Jeanette Almberg  Lars Blecko  Cecilia Daun Wennborg  Liv Forhaug  Johan Lundberg and Santiago Galaz  all for the period up to and including the annual general meeting 2024  with Alf Göransson as Chairman of the Board of Directors.The reasoned statement of the Nomination Committee is available on the company website  www.loomis.com.Fees to the Board members for the period up to and including the annual general meeting 2024 shall amount to SEK 5 300 000 in total (based on an unchanged number of committee members) to be distributed among the Board members as follows: the Chairman of the Board of Directors shall according to the proposal receive SEK 1 300 000 (1 100 000) and each of the other Board members shall receive SEK 550 000 (470 000). The remuneration for committee work shall amount to SEK 300 000 (250 000) for the Chairman of the Audit Committee  be unchanged and amount to SEK 100 000 for the Chairman of the Remuneration Committee  be unchanged and amount to SEK 125 000 for the members of the Audit Committee and be unchanged and amount to SEK 50 000 for the members of the Remuneration Committee.The accounting firm Deloitte AB is proposed for re-election for a term of one year  in accordance with the recommendation of the Audit Committee. In the event that Deloitte AB is elected  the accounting firm has informed that the authorized public accountant Peter Ekberg will continue as auditor in charge.The auditor's fee is proposed to be paid according to approved invoice.Resolution on implementation of a long-term share-based incentive program  including hedging measures through conclusion of a share swap agreement (item 15 on the agenda)The Board of Directors proposes that the AGM resolves on implementing a new long-term incentive program on the following terms:1. Background and reasonsThe proposal to implement a new long-term incentive program (""LTIP 2023"") for the group management and other key employees  in total approximately 80 persons  is made in light of the Board of Directors' conviction that the proposed program is beneficial to the company's shareholders as it will strengthen the group's ability to retain and recruit top executives and is expected to further increase alignment between the interests of the participants with those of the shareholders and thereby ensure maximum long-term value creation.As with the previously resolved long-term incentive programs LTIP 2018 and LTIP 2021  the Board of Directors proposes that also LTIP 2023 shall be based on the principles that the participants must invest in Loomis shares  or allocate shares already held to the program  and remain in their respective employment in the group during the term of the program. Further  it is proposed that LTIP 2023  as previous programs  shall consist of a performance share plan  however the proposal is also proposed to include a share matching plan. For the performance share plan  it is proposed that a second performance target relating to CO2 emissions reduction is introduced in addition to the target relating to earnings per share. The latter is proposed to be determined yearly during the term of the program.To hedge any delivery of shares to the participants under LTIP 2023  the Board of Directors proposes that Loomis enters into a share swap agreement with a third party.The Board of Directors' intention is to come back with proposals on corresponding incentive programs at future AGMs.2. Terms and conditions for participation and acquisition of Saving SharesParticipation in LTIP 2023 is conditional upon the respective participant undertaking  not later than May 22  2023  to (i) make an own investment in Loomis shares on the stock market and allocate such shares to LTIP 2023  or (ii) allocate shares already held by the participant to LTIP 2023 (provided that such shares have not already been allocated to LTIP 2021) (""Saving Shares"").The value of a participant's Saving Shares  which is to be based on the market price of the Loomis share at the time of the participants' investment  shall correspond to (i) a minimum of 2.5 per cent of the respective participants' gross salary  and (ii) a maximum of 15 per cent for group management and for the other participants 10 per cent of the respective participant's gross salary.The Board of Directors may extend or postpone the period for undertaking to acquire Saving Shares if the participant is in possession of inside information and thus prohibited from making such undertaking within the prescribed time  however not later than to December 31  2023.1. Terms and conditions for Matching Shares and Performance SharesProvided that (i) the participant  with certain exceptions  has remained in his or her employment in the group without intermission until the expiration of the vesting period  which expires on February 28  2026 (the ""Vesting Period"") and (ii) the participant has not sold or otherwise transferred any Saving Shares before the expiration of the Vesting Period  the participant shall  after the expiration of the Vesting Period and free of charge (except for tax liabilities)  be entitled to allotment of (i) one Loomis share for each Saving Share held (""Matching Share"") and (ii) provided that the Performance Targets (as defined below) have been met additional Loomis shares (""Performance Shares"").The Performance Targets that have to be met for allotment of Performance Shares are connected to (i) annual development of earnings per share (the ""EPS Target"")  where one third of the maximum right to allotment of Performance Shares is measured against the outcome for 2023  one third is measured against the outcome for 2024 and one third is measured against the outcome for 2025  and (ii) accumulated CO2 emissions reduction (scope 1 and 2 CO2 emissions combined  with 2019 as the baseline year) (the ""CO2 Target"") (each a ""Performance Target"" and together the ""Performance Targets"")  in both cases during the period January 1  2023–December 31  2025 (the ""Performance Period"").The relative weight between the EPS Target and the CO2 Target being 90 per cent and 10 per cent  respectively  of the maximum right to allotment of Performance Shares.The Performance Targets  as determined by the Board of Directors  will stipulate minimum and maximum levels with respect to each Performance Target. The achievement of the EPS Target shall be determined yearly during the Performance Period  where each year during the Performance Period is compared to the previous year. The achievement of the CO2 Target is determined at one time after the end of the Performance Period for the full Performance Period.If the minimum target level is not met  no allotment of Performance Shares shall be made.If the maximum target level is met or exceeded  full allotment of Performance Shares shall be made  corresponding to: (i) five Performance Shares for each Saving Share held to the CEO  the Regional President Europe  the Regional President USA and the Group CFO  (ii) four Performance Shares for each Saving Share held to the other members of the group management and (iii) three Performance Shares for each Saving Share held for the other participants.If the minimum target level is exceeded but the maximum target level is not met  a linear proportioned allotment of Performance Shares shall be made.Allotment of any Matching Shares and Performance Shares  respectively  will take place after the expiration of the Vesting Period. The final total number of Matching Shares and Performance Shares to be allotted to each participant shall be rounded to the nearest whole number. The Board of Directors intends to present the established Performance Targets in the annual report for the financial year 2025.LTIP 2023 has a maximum limit in terms of profit for the participants  entailing that if the volume-weighted average price paid for the Loomis share on Nasdaq Stockholm during a period of five trading days immediately preceding the day of allotment of any Matching Shares and Performance Shares  respectively  exceeds SEK 800 per share  the number of Matching Shares and Performance Shares  respectively  that each participant is entitled to will be reduced taking the maximum limit into account.The participant is not entitled to transfer  pledge or sell the right to obtain Matching Shares and Performance Shares  respectively  or to exercise any shareholders' rights in respect of such shares during the Vesting Period.2. Form and operationThe Board of Directors shall be responsible for the design and administration of LTIP 2023 and for the detailed terms to be applied between Loomis and the participants in the program in accordance with the terms set out in this proposal.The Board of Directors shall be entitled to make such minor adjustments of these terms that may be necessary due to legal or administrative conditions. In some cases  the Board of Directors shall furthermore be entitled to reduce the maximum number of Matching Shares and Performance Shares  respectively  to be allotted or  fully or partly  prematurely terminate LTIP 2023 as well as make local adaptations of the program that may be required in order to implement the program in countries concerned at reasonable administrative costs and contributions  including  among other things  to offer cash settlement.The Board of Directors shall be entitled to resolve on adjusted or changed allotment of Matching Shares and Performance Shares  respectively  (i) for individual participants based on individual circumstances  (ii) if it is otherwise deemed to be suitable or appropriate due to significant changes in Loomis  on the stock market or in the legislation (for example regarding tax) or (iii) if the outcome otherwise is considered unreasonable.The Board of Directors shall be entitled to resolve on adjusted or changed allotment of Matching Shares and Performance Shares  respectively  or to terminate LTIP 2023 should anyone  alone or together with related persons  acquire such number of shares in Loomis  which  pursuant to applicable regulations  would result in an obligation to make a public offer to acquire the remaining shares in Loomis.3. ScopeA total of approximately 80 persons will be offered to participate in LTIP 2023. The maximum number of Saving Shares that each participant is entitled to acquire depends on the market price of the Loomis share at the time of the participants' investments. Assuming that the market price of the Loomis share is SEK 340  LTIP 2023 is  in accordance with the above principles and assumptions  expected to comprise a maximum of 350 000 shares in total  which corresponds to approximately 0.47 per cent of the total number of outstanding shares and votes in Loomis. The number of shares that may be transferred under LTIP 2023 shall be subject to customary recalculation due to any split or reverse share split  bonus issue  preferential issue and/or other similar corporate actions.4. Entering into a share swap agreementIn order to hedge any delivery of Matching Shares and Performance Shares  respectively  the Board of Directors proposes that Loomis enters into a share swap agreement with a third party. The share swap agreement entails that the third party in its own name shall acquire and transfer Loomis shares to participants in the program.5. Costs of LTIP 2023LTIP 2023 will give rise to personnel costs during the Vesting Period  partly in terms of wages and salaries in the accounts  partly in terms of social security contributions. Based on the current market price of the Loomis' share of approximately SEK 340  and assuming an annual increase of the share price of 10 per cent as well as maximum allotment of Matching Shares and Performance Shares  respectively  these costs are estimated to approximately SEK 91m before tax.The cost for the share swap agreement in accordance with section 6 above is estimated to approximately SEK 2m.The costs of LTIP 2023 are expected to have a marginal effect on the Loomis group's key performance indicators.The Board of Directors deems that the positive effects on the result that are expected as a result of the participants' increased share ownership through acquisitions of Saving Shares  which may be further increased through LTIP 2023  outweighs the costs related to the program.6. Preparation of the proposalLTIP 2023 has been initiated by the Board of Directors of Loomis and has been prepared in consultation with external advisors. LTIP 2023 has been processed in the Remuneration Committee and discussed at Board meetings. The Board of Directors has prepared the parameters of the program.The Board of Directors has strived to achieve a distinct connection between the Vesting Period and the three year long Performance Period  which entails that the Vesting Period will be slightly shorter than three years since allocation to LTIP 2023 cannot be made before the AGM.7. Other incentive programs in LoomisAt the time of this proposal  Loomis has one outstanding share related incentive program: LTIP 2021.LTIP 2021 is aimed towards the group management and a number of key employees within Loomis and entails  in the same way as the proposed LTIP 2023  that the respective participant has invested in Loomis shares (saving shares). The participants are thereby entitled to receive performance shares provided  among other things  that the performance target is met. The performance target that needs to be met relates to the accumulated earnings per share during the period January 1  2021–December 31  2023. The Board of Directors has established a minimum target level and a maximum target level relating to the accumulated development of the earnings per share. The achievement of the performance target is to be determined in connection with the release of the full-year report for the financial year 2023.For additional information on LTIP 2021  please refer to the annual report for the financial year 2022  note 7.Proposal for resolution on authorization for the Board of Directors to resolve on repurchase and transfer of own shares (item 16 on the agenda)The Board of Directors proposes that the AGM resolves to authorize the Board of Directors to resolve on acquisition of own shares  on the following terms and conditions:i. acquisition may take place on Nasdaq Stockholm  on one or more occasions prior to the next annual general meeting;ii. acquisition may be made of such number of shares that Loomis' holding of own shares does not at any time exceed one tenth of the total number of shares in the company;iii. acquisition may be made at a price which falls within the prevailing price interval registered at each point in time (i.e. in the interval between the highest purchase price and the lowest selling price); andiv. payment of acquired shares shall be made in cash.Furthermore  the Board of Directors proposes that the AGM resolves to authorize the Board of Directors to resolve on transfer of own shares  with or without deviation from the shareholders' preferential rights  on the following terms and conditions:i. transfer may take place on Nasdaq Stockholm and/or outside of Nasdaq Stockholm in connection with acquisition of companies or businesses  on one or more occasions prior to the next annual general meeting;ii. transfer may be made up to such number of shares that are held by Loomis at the time of the Board of Directors' resolution on the transfer; andiii. transfer of shares on Nasdaq Stockholm shall be made at a price which falls within the prevailing price interval registered at each point in time. For transfers outside of Nasdaq Stockholm  payment may be made in cash  non-cash consideration or through set-off and the price is to be determined so that the transfer takes place on market terms.The purpose of the proposed authorization  and the reason for the deviation from the shareholders' preferential rights as regards the transfer of own shares  is to enable the Board of Directors to continuously adapt Loomis' capital structure to the company's capital requirements and to enable financing of acquisitions by using own shares.The Board of Directors has presented a reasoned statement in accordance with Chapter 19  Section 22 of the Swedish Companies Act.The Board of Directors shall be entitled to resolve on the other terms and conditions for repurchase and transfer of own shares. The Chairman of the Board of Directors  or the person appointed by the Chairman of the Board of Directors  is authorized to make such minor adjustments in the above proposal that may prove to be necessary in connection with execution of the Board of Directors' resolution on repurchase and transfer of own shares.C. AVAILABLE DOCUMENTATION ETC.The Nomination Committee's reasoned statement ahead of the AGM is available on the company's website  www.loomis.com. The statement is also sent to shareholders who request it and state their postal address. Otherwise  complete proposals are set out under the respective items in the notice.The annual report and the auditor's report  the remuneration report  the Board of Directors' statement according to Chapter 18  Section 4 and Chapter 19  Section 22  respectively  of the Swedish Companies Act and the statement by the auditor on the compliance of the guidelines for remuneration to group management applicable since the last annual general meeting will be available at the company (Drottninggatan 82  4th floor  SE-111 36 Stockholm  Sweden) and on the company's website  www.loomis.com  no later than as from Thursday April 13  2023  and copies of the documentation will also be sent to the shareholders who so request and state their postal address.D. NUMBER OF SHARES AND VOTES IN THE COMPANYAt the time of issue of this notice  the total number of shares and votes in the company amounts to 75 279 829. The company holds 4 197 782 treasury shares.E. SPECIAL MAJORITY REQUIREMENTSResolutions in accordance with the Board of Directors' proposal under item 16 above require the support of shareholders representing at least two thirds of both the votes cast and the shares represented at the AGM.F. SHAREHOLDERS' RIGHT TO REQUEST INFORMATIONThe Board of Directors and the President and CEO shall  if any shareholder so requests and if the Board of Directors considers that it can be done without significant harm for the company  give information on circumstances that can affect the judgement of an item on the agenda  circumstances that can affect the assessment of the company's or its subsidiaries' financial situation and the consolidated financial statements  as well as the company's relation to other companies within the group.G. PROCESSING OF PERSONAL DATAFor information about the processing of your personal data  see the privacy policy available on the company's website  www.loomis.com.* * *Stockholm in March 2023The Board of DirectorsLoomis AB (publ)This press release is also available on the company's website  www.loomis.comMarch 29  2023CONTACT:Jenny BoströmHead of Investor RelationsMobile: +46 79 006 45 92Email: [email protected]The following files are available for download:https://mb.cision.com/Main/51/3742585/1949888.pdf Notice to Annual General Meeting of shareholders in Loomis ABSOURCE Loomis AB",neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,neutral,0.04,0.96,0.01,True,English,"['Annual General Meeting', 'Loomis AB', 'Notice', 'shareholders', 'Second Swedish National Pension Fund', 'Chairman Elisabet Jamal Bergström', 'long-term share-based incentive program', 'Paradice Investment Management LLC', 'last annual general meeting', 'P.O. Box', 'Alf Göransson', 'Euroclear Sweden AB', 'Polaris Capital Management', 'voting right registrations', 'share swap agreement', 'consolidated financial statements', 'personal identity number', 'corporate identity number', 'two person(s', 'four largest shareholders', 'Stockholm Concert Hall', 'other authorization documents', 'consolidated balance sheet', 'Nominee registered shares', 'Swedish original', 'Swedish text', 'voting list', 'financial year', 'voting rights', 'annual report', 'share register', 'Loomis AB', 'other nominee', 'N.B.', 'unofficial translation', 'English translation', 'Thursday May', 'Grünewaldsalen', 'entrance Kungsgatan', 'Tuesday April', 'Thursday April', 'legal entity', 'corresponding document', 'consolidated statement', 'Nomination Committee', 'ownership changes', 'SEB Fonder', 'Bernard Horn', 'Jacob Lundgren', 'Tobias Shute', ""shareholders' register"", 'Board members', 'A. NOTICE', 'telephone number', 'dated power', 'record date', 'The President', 'company website', 'proxy form', 'B. AGENDA', 'group auditor', 'remuneration report', 'case', 'discrepancies', 'March', 'PRNewswire', 'Reg.', 'AGM', 'CEST', 'ATTENDANCE', 'presentation', 'circumstances', 'intention', 'post', 'name', 'address', 'representative', 'written', 'attorney', 'certificate', 'order', 'bank', 'addition', 'participation', 'account', 'accordance', 'routines', 'advance', 'Proposal', 'Opening', 'Election', 'Preparation', 'approval', 'minutes', 'Determination', 'compliance', 'rules', 'convocation', 'CEO', 'guidelines', 'Resolutions', 'adoption', 'income', 'December', 'appropriation', 'profit', 'discharge', 'liability', 'fees', 'Directors', 'implementation', 'measures', 'conclusion', 'repurchase', 'transfer', 'Closing', 'principles', 'appointment', 'terms', 'August', 'composition', 'place', '5', '4.30', '8.']",2023-03-29,2023-03-30,prnewswire.com
21632,Euroclear,NewsApi.org,https://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/ericssons-annual-general-meeting-2023-301784989.html,Ericsson's Annual General Meeting 2023,STOCKHOLM  March 29  2023 /PRNewswire/ -- Telefonaktiebolaget LM Ericsson's (NASDAQ:ERIC) Annual General Meeting (AGM) was held today on March 29  2023 in Kista  Stockholm. Shareholders were also able to exercise their voting rights by post before the meeting…,"STOCKHOLM  March 29  2023 /PRNewswire/ -- Telefonaktiebolaget LM Ericsson's (NASDAQ:ERIC) Annual General Meeting (AGM) was held today on March 29  2023 in Kista  Stockholm. Shareholders were also able to exercise their voting rights by post before the meeting.Adoption of the Profit and Loss Statements and the Balance SheetsThe AGM resolved to adopt the Profit and Loss Statement and the Balance Sheet for the Parent company as well as the Consolidated Profit and Loss Statement and the Consolidated Balance Sheet for the Group for 2022.DividendThe proposed dividend of SEK 2.70 per share was approved by the AGM. The dividend will be paid in two equal installments: SEK 1.35 per share with the record date Friday  March 31  2023  and SEK 1.35 per share with the record date Friday  September 29  2023. Euroclear Sweden AB is expected to disburse SEK 1.35 per share on Wednesday  April 5  2023  and SEK 1.35 per share on Wednesday  October 4  2023.Remuneration reportThe AGM resolved to adopt the Board of Directors' remuneration report for 2022.Discharge from liabilityThe AGM resolved to discharge Carolina Dybeck Happe and Annika Salomonsson from liability for the financial year 2022. It was recorded that shareholders representing at least one tenth of all of the shares in the company voted against discharge from liability for the other members of the Board and the President for the financial year 2022.Board of DirectorsThe AGM elected Board members in accordance with the proposal of the Nomination Committee. Jan Carlson was elected as new Chair of the Board and Jon Fredrik Baksaas  Börje Ekholm  Eric A. Elzvik  Carolina Dybeck Happe  Kristin S. Rinne  Helena Stjernholm and Jacob Wallenberg were re-elected as Board members. Jonas Synnergren and Christy Wyatt were elected new Board members. Ronnie Leten  Kurt Jofs and Nora Denzel  who did not stand for re-election  left the Board of Directors in connection with the AGM. It was also noted that the unions have appointed Torbjörn Nyman  Anders Ripa and Kjell-Åke Soting employee representatives in the Board of Directors with Ulf Rosberg  Loredana Roslund and Annika Salomonsson as deputies.Board of Directors' FeesThe AGM resolved on fees to the Board of Directors  in accordance with the Nomination Committee's proposal. Yearly fee to the Chair of the Board of SEK 4 500 000  and fees to other non-employee members of the Board  elected by the AGM  of SEK 1 140 000 each. Fees for Committee work to non-employee members of the Committees  elected by the AGM  were approved as follows: SEK 495 000 to the Chair of the Audit and Compliance Committee and SEK 285 000 to each of the other members of the Audit and Compliance Committee  SEK 210 000 to each of the Chairs of the Finance Committee  the Remuneration Committee and the Technology and Science Committee  and SEK 185 000 to each of the other members of the Finance Committee  the Remuneration Committee and the Technology and Science Committee.The AGM approved the Nomination Committee's proposal to enable payment of part of the fees to the members of the Board for the Board assignment (excluding fees for Committee work)  in the form of synthetic shares.AuditorThe AGM re-elected Deloitte AB as auditor for the period up until the end of the AGM 2024 and approved the Nomination Committee´s proposal for auditor fee.Long-Term Variable Compensation ProgramsLong-Term Variable Compensation Program I 2023 (LTV I 2023)In accordance with the Board of Directors' proposals  the AGM resolved on implementation of LTV I 2023 for the members of the Executive Team  including the President and CEO  (currently 17 individuals)  comprising a maximum of 4.1 million B-shares in Ericsson. ""Performance Share Awards"" will be granted free of charge entitling the participant to receive a number of shares  free of charge  following the expiration of a three-year vesting period  provided that certain performance conditions are met and that the participant retains his or her employment. The 4.1 million B-shares covered by LTV I 2023 correspond to approximately 0.12 percent of the total number of registered shares of the company.Furthermore  the AGM resolved to approve the Board of Directors' proposal to hedge the company's undertakings under LTV I 2023 through an equity swap agreement with a third party.Long-Term Variable Compensation Program II 2023 (LTV II 2023)In accordance with the Board of Directors' proposals  the AGM resolved as follows:Implementation of LTV II 2023 for employees classified as Executives  excluding the President and CEO and Executive Team  (currently approximately 180 employees)  comprising a maximum of 5.9 million B-shares in Ericsson. ""Performance Share Awards"" will be granted free of charge entitling the participant to receive a number of shares  free of charge  following the expiration of a three-year vesting period  provided that certain performance conditions are met and that the participant retains his or her employment. The 5.9 million B-shares covered by LTV II 2023 correspond to approximately 0.18 percent of the total number of registered shares of the company.A directed issue of 5.9 million C-shares to Investor AB  or subsidiaries of Investor AB  at a subscription price corresponding to the quota value of the share (approximately SEK 5 ).Authorization for the Board of Directors to  prior to the AGM 2024  resolve on an acquisition offer regarding the 5.9 million C-shares at a price per share corresponding to the quota value of the share (approximately SEK 5 ). Following the acquisition  the C-shares will  in accordance with the articles of association  be converted into B-shares  which thereafter can be transferred to employees and on an exchange.Transfer of no more than 4.9 million B-shares  free of consideration  to employees covered by the terms of the LTV II 2023. The AGM further resolved to authorize the Board of Directors to decide to  in conjunction with the delivery of vested shares under LTV II 2023  prior to the AGM 2024  retain and sell no more than 60% of the vested B-shares on Nasdaq Stockholm at a price within the  at each time  prevailing price interval for the share  in order to cover for the costs for withholding and paying tax and social security liabilities on behalf of the participants of LTV II 2023 in relation to the Performance Share Awards for remittance to revenue authorities.Transfer of no more than 1.0 million B-shares on Nasdaq Stockholm  prior to the AGM 2024  at a price within the  at each time  prevailing price interval for the share  to cover certain expenses  mainly social security payments.Transfer of treasury stock to employees and on an exchange  directed share issues and acquisition offer for the previously resolved LTV programs 2021 and 2022 (LTV 2021 and LTV 2022)The AGM resolved to approve the Board of Directors' proposals on:directed issues of in total 4.1 million C-shares to Investor AB  or subsidiaries of Investor AB  at a subscription price corresponding to the quota value of the share (approximately SEK 5);authorization for the Board of Directors to  prior to the AGM 2024  resolve on an acquisition offer regarding the 4.1 million C-shares at a price per share corresponding to the quota value of the share (approximately SEK 5 ); following the acquisition  the C-shares will  in accordance with the articles of association  be converted into B-shares  which thereafter can be transferred to employees and on an exchange;); following the acquisition  the C-shares will  in accordance with the articles of association  be converted into B-shares  which thereafter can be transferred to employees and on an exchange; transfer of no more than 3.1 million B-shares  free of consideration  to employees covered by the terms of LTV 2021 and LTV 2022  with an authorization for the Board of Directors to decide to  in conjunction with the delivery of vested shares under LTV 2021 and LTV 2022  prior to the AGM in 2024  retain and sell no more than 60% of the vested B-shares on Nasdaq Stockholm  at a price within the  at each time  prevailing price interval for the share  in order to cover for the costs for withholding and paying tax and social security liabilities on behalf of the participants in relation to the Performance Share Awards for remittance to revenue authorities; andtransfer of no more than 1 million B-shares on Nasdaq Stockholm  prior to the AGM 2024  at a price within the  at each time  prevailing price interval for the share  to cover certain expenses  mainly social security payments.Transfer of treasury stock on an exchange for previously resolved LTV programs 2019 and 2020The AGM resolved to approve the Board of Directors' proposals on:transfer of no more than 1.4 million B-shares on Nasdaq Stockholm  prior to the AGM 2024  at a price within the  at each time  prevailing price interval for the share  to cover certain expenses  mainly social security charges  which may occur in relation to the previously resolved and ongoing LTV programs LTV 2019 and LTV 2020; andauthorization for the Board of Directors to decide to  in conjunction with the delivery of vested shares under LTV 2019 and LTV 2020  prior to the AGM 2024  retain and sell no more than 60% of the vested B-shares on Nasdaq Stockholm  at a price within the  at each time  prevailing price interval for the share  in order to cover for the costs for withholding and paying tax and social security liabilities on behalf of the participants in relation to the Performance Share Awards for remittance to revenue authorities.New Guidelines for remuneration to Group managementThe AGM resolved to approve the new guidelines for remuneration to Group Management  in accordance with the Board of Directors' proposal.Shares and votesThere are in total 3 334 151 735 shares in the company; 261 755 983 A-shares and 3 072 395 752 B-shares  corresponding to in total 568 995 558.2 votes. The company's holding of treasury stock as of March 29  2023  amounts to 4 009 306 B-shares  corresponding to 400 930.6 votes.NOTES TO EDITORS:FOLLOW US:Subscribe to Ericsson press releases hereSubscribe to Ericsson blog posts herehttps://twitter.com/ericssonhttps://www.facebook.com/ericssonhttps://www.linkedin.com/company/ericssonFOR FURTHER INFORMATION  PLEASE CONTACT:Contact personsPeter Nyquist  Head of Investor RelationsPhone: +46 705 75 29 06E-mail: [email protected]MediaPeter Borsos  Head of External RelationsPhone: +46703176800E-mail: [email protected]Kristoffer Edshage  Head of Regulatory and Financial CommunicationPhone: +46 722 20 44 46E-mail: [email protected]Media relationsPhone: +46 10 719 69 92E-mail: [email protected]ABOUT ERICSSON:Ericsson enables communications service providers and enterprises to capture the full value of connectivity. The company's portfolio spans the following business areas: Networks  Cloud Software and Services  Enterprise Wireless Solutions  Global Communications Platform  and Technologies and New Businesses. It is designed to help our customers go digital  increase efficiency and find new revenue streams. Ericsson's innovation investments have delivered the benefits of mobility and mobile broadband to billions of people globally. Ericsson stock is listed on Nasdaq Stockholm and on Nasdaq New York. www.ericsson.comThe following files are available for download:https://mb.cision.com/Main/15448/3743367/1953005.pdf Ericssons Annual General Meeting 2023SOURCE Ericsson",neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,negative,0.02,0.32,0.66,True,English,"['Annual General Meeting', 'Ericsson', 'Kjell-Åke Soting employee representatives', 'Long-Term Variable Compensation Programs', 'two equal installments', 'Carolina Dybeck Happe', 'Jon Fredrik Baksaas', 'Börje Ekholm', 'Eric A. Elzvik', 'Kristin S. Rinne', 'Torbjörn Nyman', 'equity swap agreement', 'Euroclear Sweden AB', 'three-year vesting period', 'Annual General Meeting', 'Consolidated Balance Sheet', 'other non-employee members', 'Performance Share Awards', 'new Board members', 'Deloitte AB', 'performance conditions', 'Balance Sheets', 'other members', 'voting rights', 'Loss Statements', 'record date', 'Remuneration report', 'Annika Salomonsson', 'financial year', 'one tenth', 'Nomination Committee', 'Jan Carlson', 'Helena Stjernholm', 'Jacob Wallenberg', 'Jonas Synnergren', 'Christy Wyatt', 'Ronnie Leten', 'Kurt Jofs', 'Nora Denzel', 'Anders Ripa', 'Ulf Rosberg', 'Loredana Roslund', 'Yearly fee', 'Committee work', 'Compliance Committee', 'Finance Committee', 'Remuneration Committee', 'Science Committee', 'Executive Team', '4.1 million B-shares', 'third party', '5.9 million B-shares', 'LTV I', 'Consolidated Profit', 'new Chair', ""Directors' proposals"", 'synthetic shares', 'registered shares', 'The AGM', 'LM Ericsson', 'auditor fee', 'total number', 'Board assignment', 'Parent company', ""Directors' Fees"", 'March', 'PRNewswire', 'Telefonaktiebolaget', 'Kista', 'Stockholm', 'Shareholders', 'post', 'Adoption', 'Group', 'Dividend', 'SEK 2.70', 'September', 'Wednesday', 'April', 'October', 'Discharge', 'liability', 'President', 'accordance', 'election', 'connection', 'unions', 'deputies', 'Committees', 'Chairs', 'Technology', 'payment', 'implementation', 'CEO', '17 individuals', 'maximum', 'participant', 'expiration', 'employment', '0.12 percent', 'undertakings', 'employees', 'Executives', '0.18 percent']",2023-03-29,2023-03-30,prnewswire.com
21633,Euroclear,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/BODYCOTE-PLC-4002235/news/Bodycote-2023-Notice-of-AGM-43371974/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230329,Bodycote : 2023 Notice of AGM,(marketscreener.com)   Notice of 2023 Annual General Meeting to be held at:   Leonardo Royal Hotel London St Paul's  10 Godliman Street  London  EC4V 5AJ on Wednesday  31 May 2023 at 12 noon.   This document is important and requires your immediate at…,"Bodycote : 2023 Notice of AGM 03/29/2023 | 01:24pm EDT Send by mail :Name : First name : From * : To * : (You can enter multiple email addresses separated by commas) Message : * Required fields Notice of 2023 Annual General Meeting to be held at: Leonardo Royal Hotel London St Paul's  10 Godliman Street  London  EC4V 5AJ on Wednesday  31 May 2023 at 12 noon. This document is important and requires your immediate attention: If you are in any doubt as to the action you should take  you should consult your stockbroker  bank manager  solicitor  accountant or other professional adviser authorised pursuant to the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000. If you have sold or transferred all of your shares in Bodycote plc (""Company"")  please forward this document together with the accompanying Form of Proxy  to the purchaser or transferee  or to the stockbroker  bank or other agent through whom the sale was effected without delay  for delivery to the purchaser or transferee. If you have sold some but not all of your shares  please contact your stockbroker  bank or other agent through whom the sale was effected without delay for advice as to how to proceed. Shareholders may  as an alternative  register a proxy electronically on the Company registrar's website atwww.sharevote.co.uk. To be valid  the Form of Proxy  or registration of your proxy electronically  in accordance with the instructions printed thereon  must be lodged by post or by hand with the Company's registrar  Equiniti  Aspect House  Spencer Road  Lancing  West Sussex BN99 6DA during normal ofﬁce hours or registered electronically on the Company registrar's website atwww.sharevote.co.uk  no later than 12 noon on 26 May 2023. Bodycote plc Registered in England and Wales No 519057 Registered Ofﬁce: Springwood Court  Springwood Close Tytherington Business Park Macclesﬁeld Cheshire SK10 2XF 17 March 2023 From the Chair  Mr Daniel Dayan Dear Shareholder  As you will see from the enclosed notice of the Annual General Meeting of the Company (""Notice of AGM"")  to be held on Wednesday  31 May 2023 at 12 noon  in addition to the ordinary business to be transacted at the meeting  your Board is proposing seven items of special business  as set out in Resolutions 14 to 20. The ordinary business of the meeting will include the approval of the Annual Report  declaration of a ﬁnal dividend  appointment of auditors  authorisation of auditors' remuneration  proposals to re-elect each of the Directors in line with the UK Corporate Governance Code and approval of the annual remuneration report. Further explanation of the ordinary business of the Annual General Meeting is set out on page 2 of the Notice of AGM. The special business includes the renewal of the authority for Directors to allot shares  the renewal of the powers for Directors to allot shares on a non-pre-emptive basis  the renewal of the authority for the Company to purchase its own shares  giving authority for the Directors to amend the rules of the Bodycote Incentive Plan 2016  adoption of new Articles of Association and the renewal of authority for the Company to call General Meetings on 14 days' notice. Further details of the special business of the Annual General Meeting are set out on pages 2 and 3 of the Notice of AGM. You will ﬁnd enclosed a Form of Proxy which  to be effective  you should please complete in accordance with the instructions given and return so as to reach the Company's registrar in order to be considered valid not later than 12 noon on 26 May 2023. If you wish to vote electronically  you can do so throughwww.sharevote.co.uk. CREST members who wish to appoint a proxy via the CREST electronic proxy appointment service should refer to the CREST section on page 3 of the Notice of AGM. Institutional investors may also be able to appoint a proxy electronically via the Proxymity voting platform  information about which can be found on page 3 of the Notice of AGM. All proxies must be lodged not later than 12 noon on 26 May 2023. Please note  that if you are unable to attend the Annual General Meeting in person  you are strongly recommended to vote by proxy and to appoint the Chair of the meeting as your proxy to exercise all or any of your rights to attend  vote or speak at the Annual General Meeting by using the methods described above. Alternatively  you may appoint another person as your proxy to exercise all or any of your rights to attend  vote and speak at the Annual General Meeting  though should restrictions be reintroduced or circumstances arise that prevented such person from attending the Annual General Meeting in person or electronically  your vote may not be cast. Shareholders may submit questions for the Board of Directors in writing in advance of the Annual General Meeting to the registered ofﬁce address given above or by email toagm@bodycote.comstating your name and Investor Code (as printed on your share certiﬁcate or obtained through Equiniti  the registrar). Representative answers will be published on the Company website in due course. Recommendation Your Board believes that Resolutions 1 to 20 to be proposed are all in the best interests of the Company and its shareholders as a whole and accordingly recommend that you vote in favour of them as they intend to do in respect of their own beneﬁcial holdings. Yours sincerely  Daniel Dayan Chair www.bodycote.com Notice of Annual General Meeting NOTICE IS HEREBY GIVEN that the 70th Annual General Meeting of BODYCOTE PLC will be held at Leonardo Royal Hotel London St Paul's  10 Godliman Street  London  EC4V 5AJ on Wednesday  31 May 2023  at 12 noon for the following purposes: As ordinary business 1. To receive the audited ﬁnancial statements and the strategic  Directors' andAuditors' reports for the year ended 31 December 2022.2. To declare a ﬁnal dividend of 14.9p per share for the year ended 31 December 2022.3. To re-elect Mr D. Dayan as a Director of the Company.4. To re-elect Mr S.C. Harris as a Director of the Company.5. To re-elect Mr I.B. Duncan as a Director of the Company.6. To re-elect Mr P. Larmon as a Director of the Company.7. To re-elect Ms L Chahbazi as a Director of the Company.8. To re-elect Mr K. Boyd as a Director of the Company. 9. To elect Ms. C. Gordon who has been appointed by the Board since the last Annual General Meeting as a Director of the Company.10. To elect Mr. B. Fidler who has been appointed by the Board since the last Annual General Meeting as a Director of the Company.11. To re-appoint PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP as Auditors of the Company.12. To authorise the Audit Committee to ﬁx the remuneration of the Auditors.13. To approve the Directors' annual report on remuneration for the year ended 31 December 2022 (""Remuneration Report""). As special business To consider and  if thought ﬁt  to pass the following resolutions  of which Resolution 14 will be proposed as an ordinary resolution and Resolutions 15 to 20 will be proposed as special resolutions: 14. That in accordance with section 551 of the Companies Act 2006 (""Act"")  the Directors be generally and unconditionally authorised to allot shares in the Company and to grant rights to subscribe for or to convert any security into shares in the Company; (a) up to a nominal amount £11 023 234 (representing one third of the existing issued ordinary share capital); and (b) comprising equity securities (as deﬁned by section 560 of the Act) up to a further aggregate nominal amount of £11 023 234 (representing one third of the existing issued ordinary share capital) in connection with an offer by way of a rights issue: (i) to holders of ordinary shares in the capital of the Company in proportion (as nearly as may be practicable) to their respective holdings; and(ii) to holders of other equity securities as required by the rights of those securities or as the Directors otherwise consider necessary  but subject to such exclusions or other arrangements as the Directors may deem necessary or expedient in relation to treasury shares  fractional entitlements  record dates  legal or practical problems in or under the laws of any territory or the requirements of any regulatory body or stock exchange and such authorities shall expire on the conclusion of the next Annual General Meeting of the Company to be held in 2024 or on 30 August 2024  whichever is earlier  save that  the Company may make offers or agreements which would or might require shares to be allotted or rights to subscribe for or convert securities into shares to be granted after the authority ends and the Directors may allot shares or grant rights to subscribe for or convert securities into shares in pursuance of any such offer or agreement as if the authority hereby conferred had not ended. These authorities are in substitution for all existing authorities under section 551 of the Act (which  to the extent unused at the date of this resolution  are revoked with immediate effect). 15. That  subject to the passing of Resolution 14 as set out in the notice of this meeting  and in accordance with article 16 of the articles of association of the Company (""Articles"")  the Directors be empowered pursuant to section 570 of the Companies Act 2006 (""Act"") to allot equity securities (as deﬁned in section 560 of the Act) for cash pursuant to the general authority conferred by Resolution 14 as set out in the notice of this meeting and be empowered pursuant to section 573 of the Act to sell ordinary shares (as deﬁned in section 560 of the Act) held by the Company as treasury shares (as deﬁned in section 724 of the Act) for cash  as if section 561 of the Act did not apply to such allotment or sale  provided that this power shall be limited to allotments of equity securities and the sale of treasury shares: (a) in connection with or pursuant to an offer of equity securities (whether by way of rights issue  open offer or otherwise) to the holders of ordinary shares in the Company and other persons entitled to participate therein in proportion (as nearly as practicable) to their respective holdings  subject to such exclusions or other arrangements as the Directors may consider necessary or expedient to deal with fractional entitlements or legal or practical problems under the laws of any territory or the regulations or requirements of any regulatory authority or any stock exchange in any territory; (b) otherwise than pursuant to sub-paragraph (a) above up to an aggregate nominal amount of £3 306 970.20; and(c) otherwise than pursuant to sub-paragraph (a) of this resolution  up to an aggregate nominal amount equal to 20% of any allotment of equity securities or sale of treasury shares from time to time pursuant to sub-paragraph (b)  such authority to be used only for the purposes of making a follow-on offer which the Directors determine to be a kind contemplated by paragraph 3 of Section 2B of the Statement of Principles on Disapplying Pre-Emption Rights most recently published by the Pre-Emption Group prior to the date of this notice  and such power shall expire on the conclusion of the Annual General Meeting of the Company to be held in 2024 or on 30 August 2024  whichever is earlier  save that the Company may before such expiry make an offer or agreement for cash which would or might require equity securities to be allotted or treasury shares to be sold after such expiry  and the Directors may allot equity securitiesor sell treasury shares in pursuance of such offer or agreement as if the power conferred by this resolution had not expired. This power is in substitution for all existing powers under sections 570 and 573 of the Act (which  to the extent unused at the date of this resolution  are revoked with immediate effect). 16. That  subject to the passing of Resolutions 14 and 15 as set out in the notice of this meeting  and in accordance with article 16 of the Articles  the Directors be empowered  in addition to any power granted under Resolution 15 as set out in the notice of this meeting  pursuant to section 570 of the Companies Act 2006 (""Act"") to allot equity securities (as deﬁned in section 560 of the Act) for cash pursuant to the general authority conferred by Resolution 14 as set out in the notice of this meeting and be empowered pursuant to section 573 of the Act to sell ordinary shares (as deﬁned in section 560 of the Act) held by the Company as treasury shares (as deﬁned in section 724 of the Act) for cash  as if section 561 of the Act did not apply to such allotment or sale  provided that this power shall be limited to allotments of equity securities and the sale of treasury shares: (a) up to an aggregate nominal amount of £3 306 970.20 to be used only for the purposes of ﬁnancing (or reﬁnancing  if such reﬁnancing occurs within twelve months of the original transaction) a transaction which the Directors determine to be an acquisition or other capital investment of a kind contemplated by the Statement of Principles on Disapplying Pre-Emption Rights most recently published by the Pre-Emption Group prior to the date of this notice; and (b) otherwise than pursuant to sub-paragraph (a) of this resolution  up to an aggregate nominal amount equal to 20% of any allotment of equity securities or sale of treasury shares from time to time pursuant to sub-paragraph (a)  such authority to be used only for the purposes of making a follow-on offer which the Directors determine to be of a kind contemplated by paragraph 3 of Section 2B of the Statement of Principles on Disapplying Pre-Emption Rights most recently published by the Pre-Emption Group prior to the date of this notice  and such power shall expire on the conclusion of the Annual General Meeting of the Company to be held in 2024 or on 30 August 2024  whichever is earlier  save that the Company may before such expiry make an offer or agreement which would or might require equity securities to be allotted or treasury shares to be sold for cash after such expiry  and the Directors may allot equity securities or sell treasury shares for cash in pursuance of such offer or agreement as if the power conferred by this resolution had not expired. This power is in substitution for all existing powers under sections 570 and 573 of the Act (which  to the extent unused at the date of this resolution  are revoked with immediate effect). 17. That the Company be generally and unconditionally authorised  pursuant to article 9 of the Articles and pursuant to section 701 of the Companies Act 2006 (""Act"")  to make market purchases (as deﬁned in section 693(4) of the Act) of up to an aggregate of 19 145 617 ordinary shares in the capital of the Company (being approximately 10 per cent of the current issued ordinary share capital of the Company) on such terms and in such manner as the Directors may from time to time determine  provided that: (a) the minimum price (excluding expenses) which may be paid for an ordinary share is 17 3/11 pence; and (b) the maximum price (excluding expenses) which may be paid for an ordinary share is: (i)an amount equal to 105 per cent of the average middle market quotation for ordinary shares as derived from the Daily Ofﬁcial List of London Stock Exchange plc for the ﬁve business days before the date on which the contract for the purchase is made; and (ii) an amount equal to the higher of the price of the last independent trade and current independent bid for an ordinary share on the trading venue where the purchase is carried out; and the authority herein contained shall expire on the conclusion of the Annual General Meeting of the Company to be held in 2024 or on 30 August 2024  whichever is earlier  save that the Company may  before such expiry  make a contract to purchase its own shares which would or may be completed or executed wholly or partly after such expiry  and the Company may make a purchase of its own shares in pursuance of such contract as if the authority hereby conferred had not expired. 18. That the Directors be empowered to amend the rules of the Bodycote Incentive Plan 2016  as summarised in the Explanatory Notes to the AGM Notice and the Board be authorised to do all acts and things which they may consider necessary or expedient for the purpose of bringing these amendments into effect.19. That  with effect from the conclusion of the Annual General Meeting and pursuant to section 21(1) of the Companies Act 2006  the Articles of Association produced to the meeting  and for the purpose of identiﬁcation signed by the Chair  be approved and adopted as the Articles of Association of the Company in substitution for  and to the exclusion of  the existing Articles of Association of the Company.20. That as permitted by section 307A of the Companies Act 2006 any general meeting of the Company (other than the Annual General Meeting of the Company) shall be called by notice of at least 14 clear days in accordance with the provisions of the Articles of Association provided that the authority of this resolution shall expire on the conclusion of the Annual General Meeting of the Company to be held in 2024. By order of the Board: U.S. Ball Group Company Secretary 17 March 2023 Springwood Court Springwood Close Tytherington Business Park Macclesﬁeld Cheshire SK10 2XF Explanation of Ordinary Business Retirement and Election of Directors (Resolutions 3 to 10) Under the Articles each Director must retire from ofﬁce and stand for re-election by shareholders as a minimum at every third Annual General Meeting in order to continue to serve as a Director. However  in line with the UK Corporate Governance Code 2018  and to further increase accountability  all Directors will retire at this Annual General Meeting and stand for re-election by the shareholders if they wish to continue to serve as Directors. Accordingly  the Directors retiring and offering themselves for re-election are Mr S.C. Harris  Mr I.B. Duncan  Mr P. Larmon  Ms L. Chahbazi  Mr. K. Boyd and Mr D. Dayan. As detailed in the Company's announcement on 7 February 2022  Dominique Yates has made the decision to step down from his role as the Chief Financial Ofﬁcer and retire from the Company. The Board would like to take this opportunity to thank Dominique for his contribution to the Company since his appointment seven years ago and wish him well for the future. As per the announcement  Dominique agreed to stay on until a replacement has been appointed and an orderly handover of his duties has occurred. As at the date of publication of this Notice of AGM  a suitable candidate has been found. Accordingly  Dominique will remain on the Board as the Chief Financial Ofﬁcer until 30 April 2023 to facilitate an orderly handover and will not seek re-election as a Director at the Annual General Meeting. E. Lindqvist  having served for over 9 years  will retire from the Board at the Annual General Meeting and hand over the Chair of the Remuneration Committee to C. Gordon. Eva will not stand for re-election. The Board would also like to take this opportunity to thank Eva for her contributions. Ms C. Gordon and Mr B. Fidler  were appointed as additional Directors on 1 June 2022 and 24 February 2023 respectively  and therefore offer themselves for election pursuant to article 116.1 of the Articles. Biographical details of the Directors  including their membership of Board committees  are set out in the Annual Report and Accounts for the year ended 31 December 2022 on pages 46 to 47. Remuneration Report (Resolution 13) UK listed companies are required to put before shareholders in general meeting a resolution inviting shareholders to approve the Remuneration Report. This is an advisory vote and the Directors' entitlement to receive remuneration is not conditional on it. The Remuneration Report gives details of the Directors' remuneration for the period ended 31 December 2022 and has been prepared in accordance with Part 3 of Schedule 8 of The Large and Medium-Size Companies and Groups (Accounts and Reports) Regulations 2008 (as amended). Explanation of Special Business Renewal of authority to allot shares (Resolution 14) The Act provides that Directors shall only allot unissued shares with the authority of shareholders in general meeting. The authority given to the Directors at the last Annual General Meeting to allot (or issue) unissued shares expires on the date of this year's Annual General Meeting. Resolution 14 renews a similar authority given at last year's Annual General Meeting. Resolution 14 will be proposed as an ordinary resolution for the renewal of the Directors' general authority to issue shares in the Company and to grant rights to subscribe for or to convert any security into shares in the Company: (a) up to a maximum nominal amount of £11 023 234 (representing approximately one third of the current issued share capital of the Company (excluding treasury shares); and (b) in accordance with the latest institution guidelines issued by the Investment Association  up to a further aggregate nominal amount of £11 023 234 by way of a pre-emptive rights issue (representing approximately a further one third of the current issued share capital of the Company (excluding treasury shares). The Directors have no present intention of exercising either of these authorities  however consider that it is in the best interests of the Company to have the authorities available so that they have the maximum ﬂexibility permitted by institutional shareholder guidelines to allot shares or grant rights to be allotted without the need for a general meeting should they determine that it is appropriate to do so. As at the date of this document  no ordinary shares are held by the Company as treasury shares. If given  the authority granted under Resolution 14 will expire on the conclusion of the Annual General Meeting of the Company to be held in 2024 or on 30 August 2024  whichever is earlier. Disapplication of pre-emption rights (Resolutions 15 and 16) The Act also provides that any allotment of new shares for cash must be made pro rata to individual shareholders' holdings  unless such provisions are disapplied under section 570 of the Act. The authorities given to the Directors at the last Annual General Meeting to allot shares for cash pursuant to section 570 of the Act expire on the date of this year's Annual General Meeting. Resolutions 15 and 16 which will be proposed as special resolutions will enable the Directors' to allot equity securities for cash or sell treasury shares for cash  without ﬁrst offering them to shareholders pro rata to their holdings. These resolutions take a similar form as the resolutions proposed at last year's Annual General Meeting. Resolution 15 facilitates issues made by way of rights to shareholders which are not strictly in accordance with section 561 of the Act  and authorises other allotments of up to a maximum aggregate nominal amount of £3 306 970.20  representing approximately 10 per cent of the current issued ordinary share capital of the Company without having to comply with statutory pre-emption rights. This resolution renews the authority obtained at last year's Annual General Meeting. If given  the authority granted under Resolution 15 will expire on the conclusion of the Annual General Meeting of the Company to be held in 2024 or on 30 August 2024  whichever is earlier. Resolution 16 seeks authority to allot an additional maximum aggregate nominal amount of £3 306 970.20  representing approximately 10 per cent of the current issued ordinary share capital of the Company without having to comply with statutory pre-emption rights. Like last year  the power proposed under Resolution 16 will be limited for use only for the purposes of ﬁnancing (or reﬁnancing  if such reﬁnancing occurs within twelve months of the original transaction) a transaction which the Directors determine to be an acquisition or other capital investment of a kind contemplated by the Statement of Principles on Disapplying Pre-Emption Rights most recently published by the Pre-Emption Group prior to the date of this notice. If given  the authority granted under Resolution 16 will expire on the conclusion of the Annual General Meeting of the Company to be held in 2024 or on 30 August 2024  whichever is earlier. The Directors intend to adhere to the 2022 Statement of Principles issued by The Pre-Emption Group  which provides that a company can seek annual disapplication of (i) 10 per cent of the issued ordinary share capital to be issued on an unrestricted basis; (ii) an additional 10 per cent of issued ordinary share capital to be used for either an acquisition or speciﬁed capital investment provided that  in the circular for the AGM at which such additional authority is sought  the company conﬁrms that it intends to use it only in connection with an acquisition or speciﬁed capital investment which is announced contemporaneously with the issue  or which has taken place in the preceding 12 month period and is disclosed in the announcement of the issue; (iii) a further 2 per cent for a follow-on offer to existing holders of securities not allocated shares under an issue made under either (i) or (ii). Purchase of own shares (Resolution 17) Under article 9 of the Articles the Company is empowered to purchase its own shares. The Directors consider that the power to make purchases in the market of the Company's own shares should be maintained and accordingly recommend the approval of the special resolution set out as Resolution 17. The Directors intend to exercise this authority only where  in the light of market conditions prevailing at that time  they believe that the effect of such purchases would be to increase earnings per share and would be in the best interests of the Company and of its shareholders generally. Any shares purchased in this way will be cancelled and the number of shares in issue will be reduced accordingly  or held as treasury shares. The resolution speciﬁes the maximum and minimum prices at which shares may be bought  and the maximum number of shares which may be bought  being 10 per cent of the Company's issued ordinary share capital at 17 March 2023. At that date there were no share options over unissued shares. Amending the rules of the Bodycote Incentive Plan 2016 (Resolution 18) At the Annual General Meeting of the Company on 27 May 2016 the shareholders approved the rules of the Bodycote Incentive Plan 2016 . These were further amended by board resolution on 30 May 2018 (data protection regulations). Resolution 18 seeks authority to amend the rules of the Bodycote Incentive Plan 2016 to: (a) align the maximum award from 175% to 200% of salary  200% having been approved in the Remuneration Policy at the 2022 Annual General Meeting; and(b) change the wording of paragraph 6.5 of the rules so that when the Company is in a protracted closed period due to a potential acquisition it can make the award from year A in year B. Adopting new Articles of Association (Resolution 19) Resolution 19 proposes that the Company adopts updated Articles of Association (""New Articles"")  principally in order to reﬂect developments in law and practice since the Company's current articles (""Current Articles"") were last amended. A copy of the New Articles  together with a copy marked to show the changes from the Current Articles  is available for inspection and can be viewed on the Company's website. A summary of the principal changes is set out in the Appendix. Calling General Meetings on 14 clear days' notice (Resolution 20) Section 307A of the Act provides that a general meeting of a 'traded company' such as the Company must be called by at least 21 days' notice  but may be called by at least 14 days' notice if three conditions are met. The three conditions are that: (a) the meeting is not an Annual General Meeting; (b) the company offers 'the facility for shareholders to vote by electronic means accessible to all shareholders'  a condition that is met if there is a facility to appoint a proxy by means of a website; and(c) shareholders have approved the holding of general meetings on 14 clear days' notice by passing a special resolution at the previous Annual General Meeting or at a general meeting held since the last Annual General Meeting. The Directors consider it desirable that general meetings of the Company  other than the Annual General Meeting  can be called on at least 14 clear days' notice. Resolution 20  which will be proposed as a special resolution  will authorise the Company to call general meetings other than Annual General Meetings on 14 days' notice and the authority granted by this resolution will expire at the conclusion of the next Annual General Meeting. Notes on Voting and Voting Rights: 1. Any member who is entitled to attend  vote and speak at the Annual General Meeting is entitled to appoint any one or more proxies (who need not be members of the Company) to attend and to vote instead of the member. The Board recommends however that members should appoint only the ""Chairman of the meeting"" as their proxy  rather than appointing one or more named persons who may not be able to attend. Completion and return of a Form of Proxy will not preclude a member from attending and voting at the meeting in person  should he subsequently decide to do so. 2. Any member attending the Annual General Meeting has the right to ask any question relating to the business being dealt with at the meeting. The Company will answer any such questions unless exempted by the provisions of section 319A of the Act. However like last year  members may submit questions for the Board of Directors in writing in advance of the meeting to the registered ofﬁce address given above or by email toagm@bodycote.comstating their name and Investor Code (as printed on their share certiﬁcate or obtained through Equiniti  the registrar). Representative answers will be published on the Company's website in due course.3. From the date of this notice and for the following two years the following information will be available on the Company's website and can be accessed atwww.bodycote.com: (a) the matters set out in this notice of meeting; (b) the total numbers of shares in the Company and shares of each class  in respect of which members are entitled to exercise voting rights at the meeting; and (c) the total number of the voting rights that members are entitled to exercise at the meeting in respect of the shares. Any members' statements  members' resolutions and members' matters of business received by the Company after the date of this notice will be added to the information already available on the website as soon as reasonably practicable and will also be made available for the following two years.4. A form to be used for appointing a proxy or proxies for this meeting to vote on your behalf can be found enclosed with this notice and the Form of Proxy provides details of how to cast a vote electronically.5. In order to attend and vote at this meeting you must comply with the procedures set out on the front page of the notice of this meeting and any further instructions given to you prior to or during the course of the meeting itself.6. Entitlement to attend and vote at the meeting and the number of votes which may be cast thereat will be determined by reference to the Register of Members of the Company at close of business on the day which is two working days before the day of the meeting or adjourned meeting. Changes to entries on the Register of Members after that time shall be disregarded in determining the rights of any person to attend and vote at the meeting. In order to be valid  an appointment of proxy (together with any authority under which it is executed or a copy of the authority certiﬁed notarially) must be returned by one of the following methods: (a) in hard copy form by post  by courier or by hand to the Company's registrar  Equiniti  Aspect House  Spencer Road  Lancing  West Sussex BN99 6DA; or (b) you may submit your proxy appointment electronically by accessing the websitewww.sharevote.co.ukwhere full details of the procedure are given. You will need to have Form of Proxy to hand when you log on as it contains information which will be required to validate your submission. For further information  see the guidance notes on the Form of Proxy; or (c) in the case of CREST members  by utilising the CREST electronic proxy appointment service in accordance with the procedures set out below  and in the case of (a)  (b) and (c) must be received by the Company by no later than 12 noon on 26 May 2023. (d) Institutional investors may be able to appoint a proxy electronically via the Proxymity platform  a process which has been agreed by the Company and approved by the Registrar. For further information regarding Proxymity  please go towww.proxymity.io. Your proxy must be lodged by no later than 12 noon on 26 May 2023 in order to be considered valid. Before you can appoint a proxy via this process you will need to have agreed to Proxymity's associated terms and conditions. It is important that you read these carefully as you will be bound by them and they will govern the electronic appointment of your proxy.7. CREST members who wish to appoint a proxy or proxies through the CREST electronic proxy appointment service may do so for the Annual General Meeting and any adjournment thereof by using the procedures described in the CREST Manual (which can be viewed atwww.euroclear.com). CREST personal members or other CREST sponsored members  and those CREST members who have appointed a voting service provider(s)  should refer to their CREST sponsor or voting service provider(s)  who will be able to take the appropriate action on their behalf. In order for a proxy appointment  or instruction  made by means of CREST to be valid  the appropriate CREST message (""CREST Proxy Instruction"") must be properly authenticated in accordance with Euroclear UK & Ireland Limited's ('EUI') speciﬁcations and must contain the information required for such instructions  as described in the CREST Manual. The message regardless of whether it relates to the appointment of a proxy or to an amendment to the instruction given to a previously appointed proxy must  in order to be valid  be transmitted so as to be received by the issuer's agent (ID RA 19) by the latest time(s) for receipt of proxy appointments speciﬁed in this notice of meeting. For this purpose  the time of receipt will be taken to be the time (as determined by the timestamp applied to the message by the CREST Applications Host) from which the issuer's agent is able to retrieve the message by enquiry to CREST in the manner prescribed by CREST. The Company may treat as invalid a CREST Proxy Instruction in the circumstances set out in Regulation 35(5) of the Uncertiﬁcated Securities Regulations 2001. CREST members and where applicable  their CREST sponsors or voting service providers should note that EUI does notmake available special procedures in CREST for any particular messages. Normal system timings and limitations will therefore apply in relation to the input of CREST Proxy instructions. It is therefore the responsibility of the CREST member concerned to take (or  if the CREST member is a CREST personal member or sponsored member or has appointed a voting service provider(s)  to procure that his or her CREST sponsor or voting service provider(s) take(s)) such action as shall be necessary to ensure that a message is transmitted by means of the CREST system by any particular time. In this connection  CREST members and  where applicable  their CREST sponsors or voting service providers are referred  in particular  to those sections of the CREST Manual concerning practical limitations of the CREST system and timings. If you are a person with information rights under section 146 of the Act you do not have the right to appoint a proxy. Any such forms returned by such persons will be ineffective. You may however have speciﬁc rights to instruct the member who granted you information rights as to how such member exercises their right to appoint a proxy. 8. Biographical details of the Directors  including their membership of Board committees  are set out in the Annual Report and Accounts for the year ended 31 December 2022 on pages 46 and 47. There is no Director's service contract of more than one year's duration. 9. The total number of ordinary shares of 17 3/11th pence in issue as at 17 March 2023  the last practicable day before printing this document and the total number of voting rights  was 191 456 172. No shares were held in treasury. 10. Pursuant to Chapter 5 of Part 16 of the Act (sections 527 to 531)  where requested by either a member or members having a right to vote at the meeting and holding at least 5 per cent of total voting rights of the Company or at least 100 members having a right to vote at the meeting and holding  on average  at least £100 of paid up share capital  the Company must publish on its website  a statement setting out any matter that such member or members propose to raise at the Annual General Meeting relating to the audit of the Company's accounts (including the auditor's report and the conduct of the audit) that are to be laid before the Annual General Meeting. Where the Company is required to publish such a statement on its website it may not require the members making the request to pay any expenses incurred by the Company in complying with the request  it must forward the statement to the Company's Auditors no later than the time the statement is made available on the Company's website  and the statement may be dealt with as part of the business of the Annual General Meeting. A member or members wishing to request publication of such a statement on the Company's website must send the request to the Company using one of the following methods: (a) in hard copy form to the Secretary at the Registered Ofﬁce - the request must be signed by the member or members; or (b) by e-mail toagm@bodycote.com; Whichever form of communication is chosen  the request must either set out the statement in full or  if supporting a statement sent by another member  clearly identify the statement which is being supported  and be received by the Company at least one week before the Annual General Meeting. The address at paragraphs (b) above is  in accordance with article 178 of the Articles  speciﬁed solely for the purpose of communications in respect of this meeting and for no other purpose.11. Copies of the Executive Directors' service contracts and Non-executive Directors' letters of appointment will be available for inspection at the Company's registered ofﬁce during normal business hours on each business day (Saturday  Sundays and public holidays excepted) from the date of this notice until the conclusion of the Annual General Meeting. The documents referred to above will also be available for inspection at the place of the meeting from at least 15 minutes before the meeting until it ends. Appendix - Summary of the principal changes to the Company's Articles of Association Untraced members In line with market practice  the New Articles provide additional ﬂexibility in relation to the sale of shares owned by Shareholders who are untraced after a period of at least 12 years. Under the Current Articles  the Company is required to give notice to untraced Shareholders of an intention to sell their shares by way of an advertisement in both a national daily newspaper and a local newspaper circulating in the area in which the Shareholder's last known postal address is. Under the New Articles  the Company must instead send a notice to the last registered or known address of the Shareholder or last known email address and use reasonable steps to trace the Shareholder. Unclaimed dividends To reﬂect current market practice  provisions have been included to enable the Company to make use of those unclaimed dividends. Dividend payment method The New Articles allow for greater ﬂexibility in the methods of payment of dividends  including payment by bank transfer  electronic means or any other manner as the Directors may decide. Attachments Original LinkOriginal DocumentPermalink Disclaimer Bodycote plc published this content on 29 March 2023 and is solely responsible for the information contained therein. Distributed by Public  unedited and unaltered  on 29 March 2023 17:23:10 UTC.© Publicnow 2023 All news about BODYCOTE PLC 03/29 Bodycote : 2023 Form of Proxy PU 03/29 Bodycote : 2023 Notice of AGM PU 03/29 BODYCOTE PLC - Annual Financial Report PR 03/29 BODYCOTE PLC - Director/PDMR Shareholding PR 03/23 BODYCOTE PLC - Director/PDMR Shareholding PR 03/23 BODYCOTE PLC - Director/PDMR Shareholding PR 03/17 FTSE 100 Index Closed Down 1% on Increased Global Banking Fears DJ 03/17 Stocks unable to shake off banking sector worries AN 03/17 UK Budget's Pension Changes Are More Material Than Might First Appear DJ 03/17 BOE's March 23 Rate Decision is Finely Balanced DJ Analyst Recommendations on BODYCOTE PLC 01/16 SocGen raises Severn Trent to 'buy' AN 01/11 Citi cuts Frontier Developments; BofA ups Sage AN 01/06 Bank of America Upgrades Bodycote to Buy from Underperform MT",neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,positive,0.6,0.39,0.0,True,English,"['Bodycote', '2023 Notice', 'AGM', 'Springwood Close Tytherington Business Park Macclesﬁeld Cheshire SK10', 'Leonardo Royal Hotel London St Paul', 'Mr Daniel Dayan Dear Shareholder', 'CREST electronic proxy appointment service', 'normal ofﬁce hours', 'registered ofﬁce address', 'UK Corporate Governance Code', 'West Sussex BN99', 'Proxymity voting platform', 'share certiﬁcate', 'other professional adviser', '2023 Annual General Meeting', 'multiple email addresses', 'annual remuneration report', 'Bodycote Incentive Plan', 'Springwood Court', 'Annual Report', 'co.uk', 'ordinary business', 'special business', 'CREST members', 'CREST section', 'Investor Code', 'General Meetings', 'other agent', '10 Godliman Street', 'immediate attention', 'Financial Services', 'Markets Act', 'Aspect House', 'Spencer Road', 'seven items', 'ﬁnal dividend', ""auditors' remuneration"", 'Further explanation', 'new Articles', 'Further details', 'Institutional investors', 'Representative answers', 'due course', 'Bodycote plc', 'First name', 'bank manager', 'accompanying Form', ""14 days' notice"", 'Company registrar', 'Company website', '2023 Notice', 'AGM', '24pm', 'commas', 'Message', 'fields', 'EC4V', 'Wednesday', 'May', '12 noon', 'document', 'doubt', 'action', 'stockbroker', 'solicitor', 'accountant', 'shares', 'purchaser', 'transferee', 'sale', 'delay', 'delivery', 'advice', 'Shareholders', 'alternative', 'sharevote', 'registration', 'accordance', 'instructions', 'post', 'hand', 'Equiniti', 'Lancing', 'England', 'Wales', 'Chair', 'enclosed', 'addition', 'Board', 'Resolutions', 'approval', 'declaration', 'authorisation', 'proposals', 'Directors', 'line', 'page', 'renewal', 'authority', 'powers', 'rules', 'adoption', 'Association', 'order', 'information', 'proxies', 'person', 'rights', 'methods', 'restrictions', 'circumstances', 'questions', 'writing', 'advance', 'Recommendation']",2023-03-29,2023-03-30,marketscreener.com
21634,Euroclear,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/BH-MACRO-LIMITED-55992940/news/BH-Macro-Limited-Annual-Report-Audited-Financial-Statements-2022-43363041/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230329,BH Macro Limited - Annual Report & Audited Financial Statements 2022,(marketscreener.com) BH Macro LimitedAnnual Report and Audited Financial Statements 2022LEI: 549300ZOFF0Z2CM87C29The Company has today  in accordance with DTR 6.3.5  released its Annual Report and Audited financial statements for the year ended 31 D…,"Homepage Equities United Kingdom London Stock Exchange BH Macro Limited News Summary BHMU GG00BQBFY479 BH MACRO LIMITED (BHMU) Add to my list Report Report Delayed London Stock Exchange - 11:35:06 2023-03-30 am EDT 4.440 USD +2.54% 02:01a BH Macro Limited - Director Declaration PR 03/29 BH Macro net asset value up  cites favourable core macro strategies AN 03/29 BH Macro Limited - Annual Report & Audited Financial Statements 2022 PR Summary Quotes Charts News Ratings Calendar Company Financials Consensus Funds Summary Most relevant All News Other languages Press Releases Official Publications Sector news BH Macro Limited - Annual Report & Audited Financial Statements 2022 03/29/2023 | 02:01am EDT Send by mail :Name : First name : From * : To * : (You can enter multiple email addresses separated by commas) Message : * Required fields BH Macro Limited Annual Report and Audited Financial Statements 2022 LEI: 549300ZOFF0Z2CM87C29 (Classified Regulated Information  under DTR 6 Annex 1 section 1.1) The Company has today  in accordance with DTR 6.3.5  released its Annual Report and Audited financial statements for the year ended 31 December 2022. The Report will shortly be available from the Company’s website: www.bhmacro.com. Chair’s Statement I am delighted to report that Brevan Howard Capital Management LP (the “Manager”) achieved excellent returns in 2022 during a turbulent period in markets  the global economy and geopolitics. The price of the Sterling Class shares rose by 20.05% and the US Dollar Class shares by 12.72%  whilst the NAV per share rose by 21.91% for the Sterling Class shares and 21.17% for the US Dollar Class shares. In addition to these solid absolute returns  we also posted impressive relative returns compared with other asset classes. This absolute and relative performance makes BH Macro Limited a cornerstone in our investors’ portfolios. We anticipated that it was going to be a challenging investing environment in last year’s report. In the event  we weren’t surprised by the volatility. Some of the worst of our expectations came to pass: the invasion of Ukraine  soaring energy costs  the highest inflation for 40 years  and repeated interest rates rises globally. The UK exacerbated this background with a revolving door at 10 Downing Street and lurches in policy which de-stabilised markets. Coming into 2023  stock markets enjoyed one of their best starts to a calendar year and appeared to be embracing an expectation that despite the negative backdrop and continued inflation  that a soft landing would be achieved. That hope hit the skids in March when the Fed and the ECB turned more hawkish on inflation and unleashed a cascade of bank failures and retrenchments. The optimistic scenario of a soft landing appears to be very much under review. Having said that  your Board remains confident that your Company’s Manager is very well placed to weather these choppy waters and  given BH Macro’s longstanding track record of performing in such uncertain environments  the case for holding the Company in an investment portfolio remains as strong as ever. The Board is wholly independent of the Brevan Howard group and is very closely focussed on safeguarding the interests of shareholders. To that end  the Board maintains a regular dialogue with the Manager in order to assure itself of the quality of the investment team and supporting systems  operations and infrastructure across the organisation. The Manager has continued an intense focus on developing the quality and depth of the trading team  including expanding capabilities into new  related areas  designed to add complementary performance and diversified return streams for the benefit of the Company  while allowing the Manager to manage a greater pool of assets. I believe that the trading team today is the strongest it has ever been. During 2022 the Board was strengthened by the appointment of Caroline Chan  a highly experienced Guernsey and international corporate lawyer. Caroline is a tremendous addition and I  together with the rest of the Board greatly look forward to working closely with her. We also conducted the periodic external evaluation of the Board’s effectiveness which reconfirmed our high standards of corporate governance. The strength of your Company has been reflected in the significant demand for its shares which traded at a premium through 2022. As a result significant tap issuances were effected during the year raising a further £175m ($218m) in the Sterling Class and $13m for the US Dollar Class. Despite this  demand for the shares remained strong and your Board was able to negotiate a significant capacity agreement with the Company’s Manager. Subsequently  an offer for sale by way of subscription was made to satisfy this demand coupled with a 10:1 share split to improve the liquidity of the shares  in particular  for smaller investors. This resulted in a very strongly subscribed initial offer that raised £312.3m and US$3.3m in each respective share class  with the option for a further offer to be made within the subsequent 12-month period. The Company and its Manager have continued to pursue an active programme for public communication and investor relations. Up-to-date performance information is provided through NAV data published monthly on a definitive basis and weekly on an estimated basis  as well as through monthly reports and shareholder reports. All these reports and further information about the Company are available on its website (www.bhmacro.com). In conclusion  the global macro-economic backdrop remains highly complex and uncertain. We anticipate that markets are likely to remain challenging for investors to navigate for the foreseeable future. Your Board is very confident in the Manager and believes it is very well placed to profit from these challenges. In that context  we believe the company has an important and valuable role to play in investors’ portfolios. Together  we will continue to work hard on your behalf to deliver the long term diversifying returns that set BH Macro Limited apart from most other investments. I would like to take this opportunity to thank you all for your continuing support. Richard Horlick Chair 28 March 2023 Board Members The Directors of the Company for the year and as at the date of signing  all of whom are non-executive  are listed below: Richard Horlick (Chair) Richard Horlick is UK resident. He is currently the non-executive chairman of CCLA Investment Management which manages assets for over 38 000 charities and church and local authority funds. He has served on a number of closed end fund boards. He was a partner and non-executive chairman of Pensato Capital LLP until its successful sale to RWC Partners in 2017. He has had a long and distinguished career in investment management graduating from Cambridge University in 1980 with an MA in Modern History. After 3 years in the corporate finance department of Samuel Montagu he joined Newton Investment Management in January 1984  where he became a Director and portfolio manager. In 1994  he joined Fidelity International as President of their institutional business outside the US and in 2001 became President and CEO of Fidelity Management Trust Company in Boston which was the Trust Bank for the US Fidelity Mutual fund range and responsible for their defined benefit pension business. In 2003  he joined Schroders Plc as a main board Director and head of investment worldwide. Mr. Horlick was appointed to the Board in May 2019 and was appointed Chair in February 2021. Caroline Chan Caroline has over 30 years’ experience as a corporate lawyer  having retired from private practice in 2020. After studying law at Oxford University  Caroline qualified as an English solicitor with Allen & Overy  working in their corporate teams in London and Hong Kong. On returning to Guernsey in 1998  Caroline qualified as a Guernsey advocate and practised locally  including as a partner with law firms Ogier and Mourant Ozannes. Since retiring from private practice  Caroline has taken on non-executive directorship roles and is Chair of the Board of Governors of The Ladies’ College  Guernsey. She has recently retired as a member of the Guernsey Competition and Regulatory Authority. Ms. Chan is a Guernsey resident and was appointed to the Board in December 2022. Julia Chapman Julia Chapman is a Jersey resident and a solicitor qualified in England & Wales and in Jersey with over 30 years’ experience in the investment fund and capital markets sector. After working at Simmons & Simmons in London  she moved to Jersey and became a partner of Mourant du Feu & Jeune (now Mourant) in 1999. She was then appointed general counsel to Mourant International Finance Administration (the firm’s fund administration division). Following its acquisition by State Street in April 2010  Julia was appointed European Senior Counsel for State Street’s alternative investment business. In July 2012  Julia left State Street to focus on the independent provision of directorship and governance services to a small number of investment fund vehicles. Mrs. Chapman was appointed to the Board in October 2021. Bronwyn Curtis Bronwyn Curtis is a UK resident and Senior Executive with 30 years leadership in finance  commodities  consulting and the media. Her executive roles included Head of Global Research at HSBC Plc  Managing Editor and Head of European Broadcast at Bloomberg LP  Chief Economist of Nomura International  and Global Head of Foreign Exchange and Fixed Income Strategy at Deutsche Bank. She has also worked as a consultant for the World Bank and UNCTAD. Her other current appointments include non-executive member of the Oversight Board of the UK Office for Budget Responsibility  trustee of the Centre for Economic and Policy Research  the Australia-UK Chamber of Commerce and The Times shadow MPC. She is a graduate of the London School of Economics and La Trobe University in Australia where she received a Doctor of Letters in 2017. Bronwyn was awarded an OBE in 2008 for her services to business economics. Mrs. Curtis was appointed to the Board in January 2020. John Le Poidevin John Le Poidevin is Guernsey resident and has over 30 years’ business experience. Mr. Le Poidevin is a graduate of Exeter University and Harvard Business School  a Fellow of the Institute of Chartered Accountants in England and Wales and a former partner of BDO LLP in London where  as Head of Consumer Markets  he developed an extensive breadth of experience and knowledge of listed businesses in the UK and overseas. He is an experienced non-executive who sits on several Plc boards and chairs a number of Audit Committees. He therefore brings a wealth of relevant experience in terms of corporate governance  audit  risk management and financial reporting. Mr. Le Poidevin was appointed to the Board in June 2016. Claire Whittet Claire Whittet is Guernsey resident and has over 40 years’ experience in the financial services industry. After obtaining a MA (Hons) in Geography from the University of Edinburgh  Mrs. Whittet joined the Bank of Scotland for 19 years and undertook a wide variety of roles. She moved to Guernsey in 1996 and was Global Head of Private Client Credit for Bank of Bermuda before joining Rothschild & Co Bank International Limited in 2003  initially as Director of Lending and latterly as Managing Director and Co-Head until May 2016 when she became a non-executive Director. She is an ACIB member of the Chartered Institute of Bankers in Scotland  a Chartered Banker  a member of the Chartered Insurance Institute and holds an IoD Director’s Diploma in Company Direction. She is an experienced non-executive director of a number of listed investment and private equity funds one of which she chairs and a number of which she is Senior Independent Director. Mrs. Whittet was appointed to the Board in June 2014. Since 20 June 2019 Claire Whittet has been Senior Independent Director. Disclosure of Directorships in Public Companies Listed on Recognised Stock Exchanges The following summarises the Directors’ directorships in other public companies: ExchangeRichard Horlick Riverstone Energy Limited London VH Global Sustainable Energy Opportunities Plc LondonCaroline Chan Round Hill Music Royalty Fund Limited LondonJulia Chapman GCP Infrastructure Investments Limited London Henderson Far East Income Limited LondonBronwyn Curtis JPMorgan Asia Growth and Income Plc London Pershing Square Holdings Ltd London and Euronext Amsterdam Scottish American Investment Company Plc London TwentyFour Income Fund Limited LondonJohn Le Poidevin International Public Partnerships LimitedLondonSuper Group (SGHC) Limited New York TwentyFour Income Fund Limited LondonClaire Whittet Eurocastle Investment Limited Euronext Amsterdam Riverstone Energy Limited London Third Point Investors Limited London TwentyFour Select Monthly Income Fund Limited LondonStrategic Report For the year ended 31 December 2022 The Directors submit to the Shareholders their Strategic Report of the Company for the year ended 31 December 2022. The Strategic Report provides a review of the business for the financial year and describes how risks are managed. In addition  the report outlines key developments and the financial performance of the Company during the financial year and the position at the end of the year  and discusses the main factors that could affect the future performance and financial position of the Company. BUSINESS MODEL AND STRATEGY Investment Objective and Company Structure The Company is organised as a feeder fund that invests solely in the ordinary Sterling and US Dollar-denominated class B shares issued by the Master Fund – a Cayman Islands open-ended investment company  which has as its investment objective  the generation of consistent long-term appreciation through active leveraged trading and investment on a global basis. Further details on the Company’s investment objective and policy can be found in the Directors’ Report. Sources of Cash and Liquidity Requirements As the Master Fund is not expected to pay dividends  the Company expects that the primary source of its future liquidity will depend on the periodic redemption of shares from the Master Fund and borrowings in accordance with its leverage policies. BUSINESS ENVIRONMENT Principal Risks and Uncertainties The Board is responsible for the Company’s system of internal controls and for reviewing its effectiveness. The Board is satisfied that by using the Company’s risk matrix in establishing the Company’s system of internal controls  while monitoring the Company’s investment objective and policy  the Board has carried out a robust assessment of the principal and emerging risks and uncertainties facing the Company. The principal and emerging risks and uncertainties which have been identified and the steps which are taken by the Board to mitigate them are as follows: · Investment Risks: The Company is exposed to the risk that its portfolio fails to perform in line with the Company’s objectives if it is inappropriately invested or markets move adversely. The Board reviews reports from the Manager  which has total discretion over portfolio allocation  at each quarterly Board meeting  paying particular attention to this allocation and to the performance and volatility of underlying investments; · Operational and Cyber Security Risks: The Company is exposed to the risks arising from any failure of systems and controls in the operations of the Manager  Northern Trust International Fund Administration Services (Guernsey) Limited (the “Administrator”) or Computershare Investor Services (Guernsey) Limited (the “Registrar”)  or from the unavailability of any of the Manager  the Administrator or the Registrar for whatever reason  including those arising from cyber security issues. The Board receives regular reports from each of those parties on cyber security and annual independent third-party reporting on their respective internal controls; · Accounting  Legal and Regulatory Risks: The Company is exposed to risk if it fails to comply with the regulations of the UK Listing Authority or the Guernsey Financial Services Commission and/or any other applicable regulatory and legislative matters  or if it fails to maintain accurate or timely accounting records and published financial information. The Administrator provides the Board with regular internal control and compliance reports and reports on changes in regulations and accounting requirements; · Financial Risks: The financial risks faced by the Company include market  credit and liquidity risk. These risks and the controls in place to mitigate them are reviewed at each quarterly Board meeting; · Geopolitical Risk: Disruption arising from the aftermath of the COVID-19 pandemic  elevated levels of global inflation  recessionary risks and the current war in Ukraine has led to greater economic uncertainty  variability and volatility. Whilst the Master Fund has no material direct exposure to Russia  Ukraine or Belarus  the Board has also made enquiries of key service providers in respect of any impact from Russia’s invasion of Ukraine and the related instability in world markets and has been assured that none of the service providers have operations in the region or are in any way impacted in terms of their ability to continue to supply their services to the Company; and · Climate Change and ESG Risks: The Company has no employees and does not own any physical assets and is therefore not directly exposed to climate change risk. The Manager monitors developments in this area and industry best practice on behalf of the Board  where appropriate  and also regularly assesses the trading activity of the underlying Master Fund and sub-funds to ascertain whether environmental  social and governance (“ESG”) factors are appropriate or applicable to such funds. The Board has also made enquiries of key service providers in respect of their assessment of how climate change and ESG risk impacts their own operations and has been assured that this has no impact on their ability to continue to supply their services to the Company. Board Diversity When appointing new directors and reviewing the Board composition  the Board considers  amongst other factors  diversity  balance of skills  knowledge  gender and experience. At 31 December 2022  the Board believes it would be fully compliant with Listing Rules LR 9.8.6R(9) and LR 14.3.33R(1) in relation to board diversity  which will be applicable to the Company for the year ending 31 December 2023. There have been no changes to board composition since that date. We have set out additional detail in the table below: Name Gender Identity Ethnicity Richard Horlick Male White British Caroline Chan Female Mixed Asian British Julia Chapman Female White British Bronwyn Curtis Female White European John Le Poidevin Male White British Claire Whittet Female White British Environmental  Social and Governance (ESG) Factors The Company does not have employees  it does not own physical assets and its Board is formed exclusively of non-executive Directors. As such  the Company does not undertake any material activity which would directly affect the environment. On a regular basis  the Manager assesses the trading activity of the investment funds it manages  including the Master Fund  to ascertain whether ESG factors are appropriate or applicable to such funds. Most ESG principles have been envisaged in the context of equity or corporate fixed income investment and therefore are not readily applicable to most types of instruments traded by the Master Fund. The Manager continues to monitor developments in this area and seeks to implement industry best practice where applicable. The Manager is a signatory to the UN Principles for Responsible Investment and on a regular basis  assesses the trading activities of the Master Fund as to whether ESG  the UN principles and sustainability risks under the EU Sustainable Finance Disclosure Regulations  are appropriate  relevant  or applicable to the Master Fund  considering the structure of relevant Brevan Howard managed funds and the applicable trading universe. The Administrator is a wholly-owned indirect subsidiary of Northern Trust Corporation  which has adopted the UN Global Compact principles  specifically: implementing a precautionary approach to addressing environmental issues through effective programmes  undertaking initiatives that demonstrate the acknowledgement of environmental responsibility  promoting and using environmentally sustainable technologies  and UN Sustainable Development Goals  specifically: using only energy efficient appliances and light bulbs  avoiding unnecessary use and waste of water  implementing responsible consumption and production  and taking action to reduce climate change. POSITION AND PERFORMANCE Packaged Retail and Insurance Based Investment Products (“PRIIPs”) From 1 January 2021  the Company became subject to the UK version of Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 on key information documents for PRIIPs  which is part of UK law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018  as amended and supplemented from time to time  including by the Packaged Retail and Insurance-based Investment Products (Amendment) (EU Exit) Regulations 2019 (the “UK PRIIPs Laws”)  which superseded the EU regulation that previously applied to the Company. In accordance with the requirements of the UK PRIIPs Laws  the Manager published the latest standardised three-page Key Information Document (a “KID”) for the Company’s Sterling shares and another for its US Dollar shares on 23 February 2023 (based on data as at 31 December 2021). Each KID is available on the Company’s website https://www.bhmacro.com/regulatory-disclosures/ and will be updated at least every 12 months. The Manager is the PRIIPs manufacturer for each KID and the Company is not responsible for the information contained in each KID. The process for calculating the risks  cost and potential returns is prescribed by regulation. The figures in the KID  relating to the relevant share class  may not reflect the expected returns for that share class of the Company and anticipated returns cannot be guaranteed. Performance Key Performance Indicators (“KPIs”) At each Board meeting  the Directors consider a number of performance measures to assess the Company’s success in achieving its objectives. Below are the main KPIs which have been identified by the Board for determining the progress of the Company: 1. NAV The Company’s NAV has appreciated from £10.00 per Sterling share and US$10.00 per US Dollar share at launch to £41.81 per Sterling share and US$43.28 per US Dollar share at the 2022 financial year end. This increase in NAV is largely attributable to the Company’s long-term growth strategy and returns. The Directors and the Manager are confident that the current strategy will continue to return positive levels of growth over the long-term. 2. Share Prices  Discount/Premium The Company’ shares traded at an average premium of 10.61% and 11.08% to NAV for its Sterling shares and US Dollar shares respectively for the year ended 31 December 2022. 3. Ongoing Charges The Company’s ongoing charges ratio has increased from 2.43% to 6.11% on the Sterling shares and increased from 2.25% to 6.16% on the US Dollar shares  primarily due to changes in the level of the Manager’s performance fee as a result of relative performance. The Company reports an aggregated view of the charges for both the Sterling shares and US Dollar shares. Further details are in the Directors’ Report. Return per Share Total return per share is based on the net total gain on ordinary activities after tax of £195 693 403 for the Sterling share class and a net gain of US$19 301 255 for the US Dollar share class (2021: gains of £16 571 134 and US$2 281 013 respectively). These calculations are based on the weighted average number of shares in issue for the year ended 31 December 2022  resulting in: 28 620 989 Sterling shares and 2 722 649 US Dollar shares (2021: Sterling shares: 18 461 608 and US Dollar shares: 2 316 734). Year ended Year ended 31.12.22 31.12.21 Per share '000 Per share '000 Net total gain for Sterling Shares 683.74p £195 693 89.76p £16 571 Net total gain for US Dollar Shares 708.91c US$19 301 98.46c US$2 281 NAV The NAV per Sterling share  as at 31 December 2022 was £41.81 based on net assets of £1 260 922 944  divided by number of Sterling shares in issue of 30 156 454 (2021: £34.30). The NAV per US Dollar share  as at 31 December 2022 was US$43.28 based on net assets of US$123 685 664 divided by number of US Dollar shares in issue of 2 858 135 (2021: US$35.71). Dividends No dividends were paid during the year (2021: US$Nil). Viability Statement The investment objective of the Company is to seek to generate consistent long-term capital appreciation through an investment policy of investing all of its assets (net of funds required for its short-term working capital) in the Master Fund. The Directors have assessed the viability of the Company over the period to 31 December 2025. The Viability Statement covers a period of three years  which the Directors consider sufficient given the inherent uncertainty of the investment world and the specific risks to which the Company is exposed. The continuation of the Company in its present form is largely dependent on the management agreement between the Company and the Manager (the “Management Agreement”) remaining in place. The Management Agreement was  as at the 2022 financial year end  generally terminable on three months’ notice by either party save for certain exceptions. This was changed in January 2023 to a twelve month notice period save for certain exceptions. To ensure that the Company maintains a constructive and informed relationship with the Manager  the Directors meet regularly with the Manager to review the Master Fund’s performance  and through the Management Engagement Committee  they review the Company’s relationship with the Manager and the Manager’s performance and effectiveness. The Directors currently know of no reason why either the Company or the Manager might serve notice of termination of the Management Agreement over the period of this Viability Statement. The Company’s assets exceed its liabilities by a considerable margin. Furthermore  the majority of the Company’s most significant expenses  being the fees owing to the Manager and to the Administrator  fluctuate by reference to the Company’s investment performance and NAV. The Company is able to meet its expenses by redeeming shares in the Master Fund as necessary  as and when required to enable the Company to meet its ordinary course operating expenses. The Company’s investment performance depends upon the performance of the Master Fund and the Manager as manager of the Master Fund. The Directors  in assessing the viability of the Company  pay particular attention to the risks facing the Master Fund. The Manager operates a risk management framework  which is intended to identify  measure  monitor  report and  where appropriate  mitigate key risks identified by it or its affiliates in respect of the Master Fund. Although the Company’s shares have largely traded at a premium for some time  in the event that there is downward pressure on the Company’s share prices  the Company is able to consider resuming active discount management actions  including share buybacks  so that as far as possible the share prices would more closely reflect the Company’s underlying performance; such actions should help to mitigate the risk of class closure resolutions being triggered after that date. The Company is able to meet the costs of share buybacks by redeeming shares in the Master Fund as necessary  on three months’ notice to the extent required to enable the Company to make an annual redemption offer (as defined in the Articles). Refer to note 8 in the Audited Financial Statements for details of the Company’s discount management programme. The Directors have carried out a robust assessment of the risks and  on the assumption that the risks are managed or mitigated in the ways noted above  the Directors have a reasonable expectation that the Company will be able to continue in operation and meet its liabilities as they fall due over the three-year period of their assessment. Although the Company is domiciled in Guernsey  the Board has considered the guidance set out in the Association of Investment Companies (the “AIC”) Code in relation to Section 172 of the Companies Act 2006 in the UK. Section 172 of the Companies Act requires that the Directors of the Company act in the way they consider  in good faith  is most likely to promote the success of the Company for the benefit of all stakeholders  including suppliers  customers and Shareholders. Key Service Providers The Company does not have any employees and  as such  the Board delegates responsibility for its day-to-day operations to a number of key service providers. The activities of each service provider are closely monitored by the Board and they are required to report to the Board at set intervals. In addition  a formal review of the performance of each service provider is carried out once a year by the Management Engagement Committee. The Manager The Manager is a leading and well-established hedge fund manager. In exchange for its services  a fee is payable as detailed in note 4 to the Audited Financial Statements. The Board considers that  under the Company’s current investment objective  the interests of Shareholders  as a whole  are best served by the ongoing appointment of the Manager. Administrator and Corporate Secretary Northern Trust International Fund Administration Services (Guernsey) Limited is the Administrator and its corporate secretary (the “Corporate Secretary”). Further details on fee structure are included in note 4 to the Audited Financial Statements. Signed on behalf of the Board by: Richard Horlick Chair John Le Poidevin Director 28 March 2023 Directors’ Report 31 December 2022 The Directors submit their Report together with the Company’s Audited Statement of Assets and Liabilities  Audited Statement of Operations  Audited Statement of Changes in Net Assets  Audited Statement of Cash Flows and the related notes for the year ended 31 December 2022. The Directors’ Report together with the Audited Financial Statements and their related notes (the “Audited Financial Statements”) give a true and fair view of the financial position of the Company. They have been prepared in accordance with United States Generally Accepted Accounting Principles (“US GAAP”) and are in agreement with the accounting records. The Company BH Macro Limited is a limited liability closed-ended investment company which was incorporated in Guernsey on 17 January 2007 and then admitted to the Official List of the London Stock Exchange (""LSE"") later that year. Currently  ordinary shares are issued in Sterling and US Dollars. Investment Objective and Policy The Company is organised as a feeder fund that invests all of its assets (net of short-term working capital requirements) directly in the Master Fund  a hedge fund in the form of a Cayman Islands open-ended investment company  which has as its investment objective the generation of consistent long-term appreciation through active leveraged trading and investment on a global basis. The Master Fund is managed by Brevan Howard Capital Management LP  the Company’s Manager. The Master Fund has flexibility to invest in a wide range of instruments including  but not limited to  debt securities and obligations (which may be below investment grade)  bank loans  listed and unlisted equities  other collective investment schemes  currencies  commodities  digital assets  futures  options  warrants  swaps and other derivative instruments. The underlying philosophy is to construct strategies  often contingent in nature  with superior risk/return profiles  whose outcome will often be crystallised by an expected event occurring within a pre-determined period of time. The Master Fund employs a combination of investment strategies that focus primarily on economic change and monetary policy and market inefficiencies. The Company may employ leverage for the purposes of financing share purchases or buy backs  satisfying working capital requirements or financing further investment into the Master Fund  subject to an aggregate borrowing limit of 20% of the Company’s NAV  calculated as at the time of borrowing. Borrowing by the Company is in addition to leverage at the Master Fund level  which has no limit on its own leverage. Results and Dividends The results for the year are set out in the Audited Statement of Operations. The Directors do not recommend the payment of a dividend. Share Capital As approved by the Shareholders at the Annual General Meeting held on 24 September 2021  the Directors had the power to issue further shares for cash totalling 7 965 377 Sterling shares and 931 107 US Dollar shares  respectively; with authority to dis-apply pre-emption rights in respect of 279 360 shares designated as US Dollar shares and 2 389 852 shares designated as Sterling share. These authorities expired at the conclusion of the 9 September 2022 Annual General Meeting. An additional authority to dis-apply pre-emption rights in respect of Sterling shares only was adopted at the 5 May 2022 Extraordinary General Meeting (""EGM"")  as noted below. As approved by the Shareholders at an EGM held on 5 May 2022  the Directors had the power to issue further shares for cash on a non-pre-emptive basis totalling 2 707 396 Sterling shares. This power expired on the conclusion of the 9 September 2022 Annual General Meeting of the Company. As approved by the Shareholders at the Annual General Meeting held on 9 September 2022  the Directors had the power to issue further shares for cash on a non-pre-emptive basis totalling 9 818 410 Sterling shares and 873 549 US Dollar shares  respectively. This power was due to expire fifteen months after the passing of the resolution or on the conclusion of the next Annual General Meeting of the Company  whichever was earlier  unless such power was varied  revoked or renewed prior to that Meeting by a resolution of the Company in general meeting. As noted below  subsequent to the year end  this authority was superseded by a shareholder resolution adopted on 6 February 2023. During the year ended 31 December 2022  the following share issues were made: On 14 January 2022  the Company issued 921 862 Sterling shares at a price of 3 670 pence per share. On 16 March 2022  the Company issued 268 379 Sterling shares at a price of 3 770 pence per share. On 19 May 2022  the Company issued 1 521 441 Sterling shares at a price of 4 270 pence per share. On 26 May 2022  the Company issued 59 631 Sterling shares at a price of 4 300 pence per share. On 16 June 2022  the Company issued 582 182 Sterling shares at a price of 4 455 pence per share. On 7 July 2022  the Company issued 187 684 Sterling shares at a price of 4 300 pence per share. On 11 August 2022  the Company issued 356 458 Sterling shares and 185 000 US Dollar shares at a price of 4 375 pence per share and US$44.20 per share  respectively. On 2 September 2022  the Company issued 94 360 US Dollar shares at a price of US$47.30 per share. On 13 October 2022  the Company issued 303 513 Sterling shares at a price of 4 600 pence per share. The number of shares in issue at year end is disclosed in note 5 of the Audited Financial Statements. Subsequent to the year end: (a) on 23 January 2023  the Board announced the commencement of its initial issue (the “Initial Issue”)  comprising of the initial placing (the “Placing”)  intermediaries offer (the “Intermediaries Offer”) and offer for subscription (the “Offer for Subscription”)  together with an issuance programme for subsequent issues  which remains open until 23 January 2024 (the “Issuance Programme”)  in respect of the issue of up to an aggregate of 220 million shares (based on a 10:1 share split); the issue of circular for an EGM  which was held on 6 February 2023  in relation to the Initial Issue  Issuance Programme and share sub-division; and details of amendments to the Management Agreement  including terms of the Company's investment in the Master Fund  in order to reflect the increased investment of the Company in the Master Fund as a result of the Initial Issue and the Issuance Programme. Further details are disclosed in note 11 to the Audited Financial Statements; (b) on 6 February 2023  following the EGM  the Company announced that (i) the Board was empowered to allot and issue  in aggregate  up to 220 million new shares of no par value in the Company designated as Sterling shares or US Dollar shares  as if the pre-emption provisions of the Company’s articles of incorporation (“Articles”) did not apply; and (ii) each existing share would be sub-divided into 10 shares of the same currency class and with the same rights and subject to the same restrictions as the then existing shares of the same currency class  in the capital of the Company  with the sub-divided shares to be admitted to listing the following day. These resolutions superseded the relevant resolutions adopted at the 2022 Annual General Meeting. Further details are disclosed in note 11 to the Audited Financial Statements; and (c) on 13 February 2023  the completion of the Initial Issue was announced. A total of 72 378 000 Sterling shares and 746 400 US Dollar shares were issued in the Initial Issue at a price per share equal  respectively  to 431.5 pence per Sterling share and US$4.47 per US Dollar share  raising gross proceeds of approximately £312.3m for the Sterling share class and US$3.3m for the US Dollar share class. Going Concern The Directors  having considered the Principal and Emerging Risks and Uncertainties to which the Company is exposed  which are listed in the Strategic Report and on the assumption that these are managed or mitigated as noted  are not aware of any material uncertainties which may cast significant doubt upon the Company’s ability to continue as a going concern and  accordingly  consider that it is appropriate that the Company continues to adopt the going concern basis of accounting for these Audited Financial Statements. The Board continues to monitor the ongoing impact of various geopolitical events  including the disruption arising from the aftermath of the COVID-19 pandemic  elevated levels of global inflation  recessionary risks and the ongoing war in Ukraine. The Board has concluded that the biggest threat to the Company in relation to these geopolitical concerns remains the failure of a key service provider to maintain business continuity and resiliency. The Board has assessed the measures in place by key service providers to maintain business continuity and  so far  has not identified any significant issues that affect the Company. The financial position of the Company has not been negatively impacted by these geopolitical events either. For these reasons  the Board is confident that these events have not impacted the going concern assessment of the Company. The Board The Board of Directors has overall responsibility for safeguarding the Company’s assets  for the determination of the investment policy of the Company  for reviewing the performance of the service providers and for the Company’s activities. The Directors  all of whom are non-executive  are listed in the Board Members section. The Articles provide that  unless otherwise determined by ordinary resolution  the number of Directors shall not be less than two. The Company’s policy on Directors’ Remuneration  together with details of the remuneration of each Director who served during the year  is detailed in the Directors’ Remuneration Report. The Board meets at least four times a year and between these formal meetings  there is regular contact with the Manager and the Administrator. The Directors are kept fully informed of investment and financial controls  and other matters that are relevant to the business of the Company are brought to the attention of the Directors. The Directors also have access to the Administrator and  where necessary in the furtherance of their duties  to independent professional advice at the expense of the Company. For each Director  the tables below set out the number of Board and Audit Committee meetings they were entitled to attend during the year ended 31 December 2022 and the number of such meetings attended by each Director. Scheduled Board Meetings Held Attended Richard Horlick 4 4 Caroline Chan* 1 1 Julia Chapman 4 4 Bronwyn Curtis 4 4 John Le Poidevin 4 4 Claire Whittet 4 4Audit Committee MeetingsHeld Attended John Le Poidevin 4 4 Caroline Chan* 1 1 Julia Chapman 4 3 Bronwyn Curtis 4 4 Claire Whittet 4 4 Remuneration and Nomination Committee Meetings Held Attended Richard Horlick 1 1 Caroline Chan* N/A N/A Julia Chapman 1 1 Bronwyn Curtis 1 1 John Le Poidevin 1 1 Claire Whittet 1 1 Management Engagement Committee Meetings Held Attended Richard Horlick 1 1 Caroline Chan* N/A N/A Julia Chapman 1 1 Bronwyn Curtis 1 1 John Le Poidevin 1 1 Claire Whittet 1 1 * Caroline Chan was appointed to each of the Board  the Audit Committee  the Remuneration and Nomination Committee and the Management Engagement Committee on 6 December 2022. In addition to these scheduled meetings  14 ad-hoc committee meetings were held during the year ended 31 December 2022  which were attended by those Directors available at the time. The Board has reviewed the composition  structure and diversity of the Board  succession planning  the independence of the Directors and whether each of the Directors has sufficient time available to discharge their duties effectively. The Board confirms that it believes that it has an appropriate mix of skills and backgrounds  that all of the Directors are considered to be independent in accordance with the provisions of the AIC Code and that all Directors have the time available to discharge their duties effectively. The Chair and the Directors’ tenures are limited to nine years  which is consistent with the principles listed in the UK Corporate Governance Code. Notwithstanding that some of the Directors sit on the boards of a number of other listed investment companies  the Board notes that each appointment is non-executive and that listed investment companies generally have a lower level of complexity and time commitment than trading companies. Furthermore  the Board notes that attendance of all Board and Committee meetings during the year is high and that each Director has always shown the time commitment necessary to discharge fully and effectively their duties as a Director. Directors’ Interests The Directors had the following interests in the Company  held either directly or beneficially: Sterling Shares 31.12.22 31.12.21 Richard Horlick 20 000 20 000 Caroline Chan1 Nil N/A Julia Chapman 626 626 Bronwyn Curtis 1 000 1 000 John Le Poidevin 5 482 5 482 Claire Whittet2 1 500 1 500US Dollar Shares 31.12.22 31.12.21 Richard Horlick Nil Nil Caroline Chan1 Nil N/A Julia Chapman Nil Nil Bronwyn Curtis Nil Nil John Le Poidevin Nil Nil Claire Whittet Nil Nil 1 Caroline Chan was appointed to the Board on 6 December 2022. 2 All units are held through a Retirement Annuity Trust Scheme  jointly owned by Mrs Whittet and her husband. On 23 January 2023  the Board announced the commencement of its Initial Issue  comprising of the Placing  Intermediaries Offer and Offer for Subscription of new ordinary shares of no par value in the capital of the Company  together with an issuance programme for subsequent issues  which remains open until 23 January 2024. On 13 February 2023  the Board participated in the Initial Issue for the following amounts: Richard Horlick  US$89 400 of US Dollar shares; Caroline Chan  £50 000 of Sterling shares; Bronwyn Curtis  £100 000 of Sterling shares; John Le Poidevin  £90 000 of Sterling shares; and Claire Whittet  £35 000 Sterling shares. Directors’ Indemnity Directors’ and Officers’ liability insurance cover is in place in respect of the Directors. The Directors entered into indemnity agreements with the Company which provide  subject to the provisions of the Companies (Guernsey) Law  2008  for an indemnity for Directors in respect of costs which they may incur relating to the defence of proceedings brought against them arising out of their positions as Directors  in which they are acquitted  or judgement is given in their favour by the Court. The agreement does not provide for any indemnification for liability which attaches to the Directors in connection with any negligence  unfavourable judgements and breach of duty or trust in relation to the Company. Corporate Governance To comply with the UK Listing Regime  the Company must comply with the requirements of the UK Corporate Governance Code. The Company is also required to comply with the Code of Corporate Governance issued by the Guernsey Financial Services Commission. The Company is a member of the AIC and by complying with the AIC Code it is deemed to comply with both the UK Corporate Governance Code and the Guernsey Code of Corporate Governance. To ensure ongoing compliance with the principles and the recommendations of the AIC Code  the Board receives and reviews a report from the Corporate Secretary  at each quarterly meeting  identifying whether the Company is in compliance and recommending any changes that are necessary. The Company has complied with the requirements of the AIC Code and the relevant provisions of the UK Corporate Governance Code  except as set out below. The UK Corporate Governance Code includes provisions relating to: · the role of the chief executive; · executive directors’ remuneration; · the need for an internal audit function; and · a whistle-blowing policy. For the reasons explained in the UK Corporate Governance Code  the Board considers these provisions are not relevant to the position of the Company as it is an externally managed investment company with a Board formed exclusively of non-executive Directors. The Company has therefore not reported further in respect of these provisions. The Company does not have employees  hence no whistle-blowing policy is necessary. However  the Directors have satisfied themselves that the Company’s service providers have appropriate whistle-blowing policies and procedures and seek regular confirmation from the service providers that nothing has arisen under those policies and procedures which should be brought to the attention of the Board. The Company has adopted a policy that the composition of the Board of Directors is at all times such that (i) a majority of the Directors are independent of the Manager and any company in the same group as the Manager (the “Manager’s Group”); (ii) the Chair of the Board of Directors is free from any conflicts of interest and is independent of the Manager’s Group; and (iii) no more than one director  partner  employee or professional adviser to the Manager’s Group may be a Director of the Company at any one time. The Company has adopted a Code of Directors’ dealings in securities. The Company’s risk appetite and risk exposure and the effectiveness of its risk management and internal control systems are reviewed by the Audit Committee and by the Board at their meetings. The Board believes that the Company has adequate and effective systems in place to identify  mitigate and manage the risks to which it is exposed. In view of its non-executive and independent nature  the Board had previously considered that it was not necessary for there to be a Nomination Committee  or a Remuneration Committee as anticipated by the AIC Code. A Remuneration and Nomination Committee was established on 17 June 2022. The Board has included a separate Directors’ Remuneration Report in this Annual Report. For new appointments to the Board  a specialist independent recruitment firm is engaged as and when appropriate  nominations are sought from the Directors and from other relevant parties and candidates are then interviewed by the Directors. The current Board has a breadth of experience relevant to the Company  and the Directors believe that any changes to the Board’s composition can be managed without undue disruption. An induction programme is provided for newly-appointed Directors. In line with the AIC Code  Article 21.3 of the Company’s Articles requires all Directors to retire at each Annual General Meeting. At the Annual General Meeting of the Company on 9 September 2022  Shareholders re-elected all the then incumbent Directors of the Company  except for Caroline Chan  who was appointed on 6 December 2022. The Board  through the Remuneration and Nomination Committee  regularly reviews its composition and believes that the current appointments provide an appropriate range of skill  experience and diversity. Having served nine years as a Board member  Claire Whittet will not seek re-election at the forthcoming Annual General Meeting of the Company. Each of the Board  the Audit Committee  the Management Engagement Committee and the Remuneration and Nomination Committee undertakes an evaluation of their own performance and that of individual Directors on an annual basis. In order to review their effectiveness  the Board and its Committees carry out a process of formal self-appraisal. The Board and the Committees consider how they function as a whole and also review the individual performance of their members. This process is conducted by the Chair of each Committee reviewing the relevant Directors’ performance  contribution and commitment to the Company. Claire Whittet has been Senior Independent Director since 20 June 2019 and takes the lead in evaluating the performance of the Chair. Board Performance The performance of the Board and that of each individual Director is scheduled for external evaluation every three years. The most recent external evaluation of the Board’s performance was completed in March 2022 and it confirmed that the Board works in a collegiate  harmonious and effective manner. The evaluation made a number of recommendations for the medium-term structure of the Board  including in relation to future succession planning  and the adoption by the Board of those recommendations has commenced. The Board carries out an annual internal evaluation of its performance in years when an external evaluation is not taking place. There were no matters of note in the last annual internal evaluation. The Board needs to ensure that the Audited Financial Statements  taken as a whole  are fair  balanced and understandable and provide the information necessary for Shareholders to assess the Company’s performance  business model and strategy. In seeking to achieve this  the Directors have set out the Company’s investment objective and policy and have explained how the Board and its delegated Committees operate and how the Directors review the risk environment within which the Company operates and sets appropriate risk controls. Furthermore  throughout the Annual Report  the Board has sought to provide further information to enable shareholders to better understand the Company’s business and financial performance. Policy to Combat Fraud  Bribery and Corruption The Board has adopted a formal policy to combat fraud  bribery and corruption. The policy applies to the Company and to each of its Directors. Furthermore  the policy is shared with each of the Company’s service providers. In respect of the UK Criminal Finances Act 2017  which introduced a new corporate criminal offence of ‘failing to take reasonable steps to prevent the facilitation of tax evasion’  the Board confirms that it is committed to preventing the facilitation of tax evasion and takes all reasonable steps to do so. Social and Environmental Issues The Board also keeps under review developments involving other social and environmental issues  such as modern slavery  and will report on those to the extent they are considered relevant to the Company’s operations. Further explanation of these issues is detailed under 'Climate Change and ESG Risks'. Ongoing Charges The ongoing charges (the “Ongoing Charges”) represent the Company’s management fee and all other operating expenses  excluding finance costs  performance fees  share issue or buyback costs and non-recurring legal and professional fees  expressed as a percentage of the average of the daily net assets during the year. Ongoing Charges for the years ended 31 December 2022 and 31 December 2021 have been prepared in accordance with the AIC’s recommended methodology. The following table presents the Ongoing Charges for each share class of the Company for the years ended 31 December 2022 and 31 December 2021. 31.12.22 Sterling US Dollar Shares Shares Company – Ongoing Charges 1.68% 1.74% Master Fund – Ongoing Charges 0.20% 0.22% Performance fees 4.23% 4.20% Ongoing Charges plus performance fees 6.11% 6.16% 31.12.21 Sterling US Dollar Shares Shares Company – Ongoing Charges 1.34% 1.11% Master Fund – Ongoing Charges 0.45% 0.45% Performance fees 0.64% 0.69% Ongoing Charges plus performance fees 2.43% 2.25% The Master Fund’s ongoing charges represent the portion of the Master Fund’s operating expenses which have been allocated to the Company. The Company invests substantially all of its investable assets in ordinary Sterling and US Dollar-denominated Class B shares issued by the Master Fund. These shares are not subject to management fees and performance fees within the Master Fund. The Master Fund’s operating expenses include an operational services fee payable to the Manager of 1/12 of 0.5% per month of the prevailing Master Fund NAV attributable to the Company’s investment in the Master Fund. Audit Committee The Company’s Audit Committee conducts formal meetings at least three times a year for the purpose  amongst others  of considering the appointment  independence and effectiveness of the audit and remuneration of the auditors  and to review and recommend the annual statutory accounts and interim report to the Board of Directors. It is chaired by John Le Poidevin and comprises Bronwyn Curtis  Claire Whittet  Julia Chapman and Caroline Chan. The Terms of Reference of the Audit Committee are available from the Administrator. Management Engagement Committee The Board has established a Management Engagement Committee with formal duties and responsibilities. The Management Engagement Committee meets formally at least once a year and comprises all members of the Board. It was chaired by Claire Whittet until 17 June 2022  when Julia Chapman was appointed Chair. The function of the Management Engagement Committee is to ensure that the Company’s Management Agreement is competitive and reasonable for the Shareholders  along with the Company’s agreements with all other third-party service providers (other than KPMG Channel Islands Limited (the “Independent Auditor”)). The Management Engagement Committee also monitors the performance of all service providers on an annual basis and writes to each service provider regarding their Business Continuity Plans. To date  all services have proved to be robust and there has been no disruption to the Company. The Terms of Reference of the Management Engagement Committee are available from the Administrator. The details of the Manager’s fees and notice period are set out in note 4 to the Audited Financial Statements. The Board continuously monitors the performance of the Manager and a review of the Manager is conducted by the Management Engagement Committee annually. The Manager has wide experience in managing and administering investment companies and has access to extensive investment management resources. At its meeting on 9 September 2022  the Management Engagement Committee concluded that the continued appointment of each of the Manager  the Administrator  the Company’s UK and Guernsey legal advisers  the Registrar and corporate broker on the terms agreed was in the interests of the Company’s Shareholders as a whole. At the date of this report  the Board continues to be of the same opinion. Remuneration and Nomination Committee The Board established a Remuneration and Nomination Committee on 17 June 2022 with formal duties and responsibilities. The Remuneration and Nomination Committee meets formally at least once a year  is chaired by Bronwyn Curtis and comprises all members of the Board. The function of the Remuneration and Nomination Committee is to: · regularly review the structure  size and composition of the Board and make recommendations to the Board with regard to any changes that are deemed necessary; · identify  from a variety of sources  candidates to fill Board vacancies as and when they arise with a continued focus on Board diversity; · assess and articulate the time needed to fulfil the role of the Chair and of a non-executive director  and undertake an annual performance evaluation to ensure that all the members of the Board have devoted sufficient time to their duties  and also to review their contribution to the work of the Board and the breadth of experience of the Board as a whole; and · annually review the levels of remuneration of the Chair of the Board  the Chair of the Audit Committee and the Chair of each other Board committee and other non-executive directors having regard to the maximum aggregate remuneration that may be paid under the Company’s Articles. Internal Controls Responsibility for the establishment and maintenance of an appropriate system of internal control rests with the Board and to achieve this  a process has been established which seeks to: · review the risks faced by the Company and the controls in place to address those risks; · identify and report changes in the risk environment; · identify and report changes in the operational controls; · identify and report on the effectiveness of controls and errors arising; and · ensure no override of controls by the Manager  the Administrator and its other service providers. A report is tabled and discussed at each Audit Committee meeting  and reviewed at least once a year by the Board  setting out the Company’s risk exposure and the effectiveness of its risk management and internal control systems. The Board believes that the Company has adequate and effective systems in place to identify  mitigate and manage the risks to which it is exposed. In order to recognise any new risks that could impact the Company and ensure that appropriate controls are in place to manage those risks  the Audit Committee undertakes a regular review of the Company’s risk matrix. This review took place on three occasions during the year. The Board has delegated the management of the Company and the administration  corporate secretarial and registrar functions  including the independent calculation of the Company’s NAV and the production of the Annual Report and Audited Financial Statements  which are independently audited. Whilst the Board delegates these functions  it remains responsible for the functions it delegates and for the systems of internal control. Formal contractual agreements have been put in place between the Company and the providers of these services. On an ongoing basis  Board reports are provided at each quarterly Board meeting by the Manager  the Administrator and Corporate Secretary and the Registrar. A representative from the Manager is asked to attend these meetings. In common with most investment companies  the Company does not have an internal audit function. All of the Company’s management functions are delegated to the Manager  the Administrator and Corporate Secretary and the Registrar which have their own internal audit and risk assessment functions. Further reports are received from the Administrator in respect of compliance  LSE continuing obligations and other matters. The reports were reviewed by the Board. No material adverse findings were identified in these reports. International Tax Reporting For purposes of the US Foreign Account Tax Compliance Act  the Company registered with the US Internal Revenue Services (“IRS”) as a Guernsey reporting Foreign Financial Institution (“FFI”)  received a Global Intermediary Identification Number (5QHZVI.99999.SL.831)  and can be found on the IRS FFI list. The Common Reporting Standard (“CRS”) is a global standard for the automatic exchange of financial account information developed by the Organisation for Economic Co-operation and Development (“OECD”)  which was adopted by Guernsey and came into effect on 1 January 2016. The CRS replaced the intergovernmental agreement between the UK and Guernsey to improve international tax compliance that had previously applied in respect of 2014 and 2015. The Company made its latest report for CRS to the Director of Income Tax on 27 June 2022. Relations with Shareholders The Board welcomes Shareholders’ views and places great importance on communication with the Company’s Shareholders. The Board receives regular reports on the views of Shareholders and the Chair and other Directors are available to meet Shareholders  with a number of such meetings taking place during the period. The Company provides weekly unaudited estimates of NAV  month end unaudited estimates and unaudited final NAVs. The Company also provides a monthly newsletter. These are published via RNS and are also available on the Company’s website. Risk reports of the Master Fund are also available on the Company’s website. The Manager maintains regular dialogue with institutional Shareholders  the feedback from which is reported to the Board. Shareholders who wish to communicate with the Board should contact the Administrator in the first instance. Having reviewed the Financial Conduct Authority’s restrictions on the retail distribution of non-mainstream pooled investments  the Company  after taking legal advice  announced on 15 January 2014 that it is outside the scope of those restrictions  so that its shares can continue to be recommended by UK authorised persons to ordinary retail investors. Following the publication of the updated AIC Code in February 2019  when 20 per cent or more of Shareholder votes have been cast against a Board recommendation for a resolution  the Company should explain  when announcing voting results  what actions it intends to take to consult Shareholders in order to understand the reasons behind the result. An update on the views received from Shareholders and actions taken should be published no later than six months after the Shareholder meeting. The Board should then provide a final summary in the Annual Report and  if applicable  in the explanatory notes to resolutions at the next Shareholder meeting  on what impact the feedback has had on the decisions the Board has taken and any actions or resolutions now proposed. During the period  no resolution recommended by the Board received 20 per cent or more votes against it. As at 24 March 2023  the following Shareholders had significant shareholdings in the Company: % holding in class Significant Shareholders Sterling Shares Ferlim Nominees Limited 20.5% Rathbone Nominees Limited 10.3% Cheviot Capital (Nominees) Limited 6.6% Smith & Williamson Nominees Limited 6.6% Vestra Nominees Limited 4.4% Pershing Nominees Limited 4.3% Lion Nominees Limited 4.1% Vidacos Nominees Limited 3.2% Brewin Nominees Limited 3.1% HSBC Global Custody Nominee (UK) Limited 3.1% % holding in class Significant Shareholders US Dollar Shares Hero Nominees Limited 17.2% Vidacos Nominees Limited 16.3% Euroclear Nominees 13.1% Luna Nominees Limited 5.9% CGWL Nominees Limited 4.3% Rathbone Nominees Limited 3.4% Ferlim Nominees Limited 3.2% Vestra Nominees Limited 3.1% Signed on behalf of the Board by: Richard Horlick Chair John Le Poidevin Director 28 March 2023 Statement of Directors’ Responsibility in respect of the Annual Report and Audited Financial Statements The Directors are responsible for preparing the Annual Report and Audited Financial Statements in accordance with applicable law and regulations. Company law requires the Directors to prepare financial statements for each financial year. Under that law  they are required to prepare the financial statements in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America and applicable law. Under Company law  the Directors must not approve the financial statements unless they are satisfied that they give a true and fair view of the state of affairs of the Company and of its profit or loss for that year. In preparing these financial statements  the Directors are required to: · select suitable accounting policies and then apply them consistently; · make judgements and estimates that are reasonable  relevant and reliable; · state whether applicable accounting standards have been followed  subject to any material departures disclosed and explained in the financial statements; · assess the Company’s ability to continue as a going concern  disclosing  as applicable  matters related to the going concern basis; and · use the going concern basis of accounting unless liquidation is imminent. The Directors are responsible for keeping proper accounting records that are sufficient to show and explain the Company’s transactions and disclose with reasonable accuracy at any time the financial position of the Company and enable them to ensure that its financial statements comply with the Companies (Guernsey) Law  2008. They are responsible for such internal control as they determine is necessary to enable the preparation of financial statements that are free from material misstatement  whether due to fraud or error  and have general responsibility for taking such steps as are reasonably open to them to safeguard the assets of the Company and to prevent and detect fraud and other irregularities. The Directors are responsible for the maintenance and integrity of the corporate and financial information included on the Company’s website. Legislation in Guernsey governing the preparation and dissemination of financial statements may differ from legislation in other jurisdictions. RESPONSIBILITY STATEMENT OF THE DIRECTORS IN RESPECT OF THE ANNUAL FINANCIAL REPORT We confirm that to the best of our knowledge: · so far as each of the Directors is aware  there is no relevant audit information of which the Company’s Independent Auditor is unaware  and each has taken all the steps they ought to have taken as a Director to make themselves aware of any relevant information and to establish that the Company’s Independent Auditor is aware of that information; · the financial statements  prepared in accordance with the applicable set of accounting standards  give a true and fair view of the assets  liabilities  financial position and profit or loss of the Company; and · each of the Chair’s Statement  the Strategic Report  the Directors’ Report and the Manager’s Report includes a fair review of the development and performance of the business and the position of the Company  together with a description of the principal risks and uncertainties that it faces. We consider the Annual Report and Audited Financial Statements  taken as a whole  are fair  balanced and understandable and provide the information necessary for Shareholders to assess the Company’s position and performance  business model and strategy. Signed on behalf of the Board by: Richard Horlick Chair John Le Poidevin Director 28 March 2023 Directors’ Remuneration Report 31 December 2022 Introduction An ordinary resolution for the approval of the Directors’ Remuneration Report was passed by the Shareholders at the Annual General Meeting held on 9 September 2022. Remuneration policy A Remuneration and Nomination Committee was established on 17 June 2022. Prior to this  the Board as a whole considered matters relating to the Directors’ remuneration. No advice or services were provided by any external person in respect of its consideration of the Directors’ remuneration. The Company’s policy is that the fees payable to the Directors should reflect the time spent by the Directors on the Company’s affairs and the responsibilities borne by the Directors and be sufficient to attract  retain and motivate Directors of a quality required to run the Company successfully. The Chair of the Board is paid a higher fee in recognition of his additional responsibilities  as are the Chairs of the various Board committees and the Senior Independent Director. The policy is to review fee rates periodically  although such a review will not necessarily result in any changes to the rates  and account is taken of fees paid to Directors of comparable companies. There are no long-term incentive schemes provided by the Company and no performance fees are paid to Directors. No Director has a service contract with the Company but each of the Directors is appointed by a letter of appointment which sets out the main terms of their appointment. The Directors were appointed to the Board for an initial term of three years and Article 21.3 of the Company’s Articles requires  as does the AIC Code  that all of the Directors retire at each Annual General Meeting. At the Annual General Meeting of the Company on 9 September 2022  Shareholders re-elected all the Directors  except for Caroline Chan  who was appointed as a Director on 6 December 2022. Director appointments can also be terminated in accordance with the Articles. Should Shareholders vote against a Director standing for re-election  the Director affected will not be entitled to any compensation. There are no set notice periods and a Director may resign by notice in writing to the Board at any time. Directors are remunerated in the form of fees  payable quarterly in arrears  to the Director personally. No other remuneration or compensation was paid or payable by the Company during the year to any of the Directors apart from the reimbursement of allowable expenses. Directors’ fees Until 30 June 2022  the Company’s Articles limited the fees payable to Directors in aggregate to £400 000 per annum. The annual Directors’ fees were: £70 000 for Richard Horlick  the Chair; £55 000 for John Le Poidevin  the Chair of the Audit Committee; £50 000 for Claire Whittet  as Chair of the Management Engagement Committee and the Senior Independent Director and £45 000 for all other Directors. The annual Directors’ fees from 1 July 2022 have been: Fee per annum Role £ Board Chair 90 000 Audit Committee Chair 65 000 Management Engagement Committee Chair 55 000 Remuneration and Nomination Committee Chair 55 000 Senior Independent Auditor 55 000 All other Directors 50 000 At the Annual General Meeting  held on 9 September 2022  Shareholders approved an increase in the annual aggregate limit of fees payable to Directors from £400 000 per annum to £800 000 per annum. The fees payable by the Company in respect of each of the Directors who served during the year ended 31 December 2022 and the year ended 31 December 2021 were as follows: Yearended Yearended 31.12.22 31.12.21 £ £ Richard Horlick* 80 000 66 678 Colin Maltby** N/A 8 822 Caroline Chan*** 3 562 N/A Julia Chapman**** 50 000 11 250 Bronwyn Curtis 50 000 45 000 John Le Poidevin 60 000 55 000 Claire Whittet 52 500 50 000 Total 296 062 236 750 * On 15 February 2021  Richard Horlick was appointed Chair at a fee of £70 000 p.a. Prior to that date  he served as a Director at a fee of £45 000 p.a. From 1 July 2022  his fee was £90 000 p.a. ** Colin Maltby retired as Chair and Director on 15 February 2021 and was paid a fee of £70 000 p.a. until that date. *** Caroline Chan was appointed to the Board on 6 December 2022 at a fee of £50 000 p.a. **** Julia Chapman was appointed to the Board on 1 October 2021 at a fee of £45 000 p.a. From 1 July 2022  she was paid £55 000 per annum as Chair of the Management Engagement Committee. Signed on behalf of the Board by: Richard Horlick Chair John Le Poidevin Director 28 March 2023 Report of the Audit Committee 31 December 2022 We present the Audit Committee’s (the “Committee”) Report for 2022  setting out the Committee’s structure and composition  principal duties and key activities during the year. As in previous years  the Committee has reviewed the Company’s financial reporting  the independence and effectiveness of the Independent Auditor and the internal control and risk management systems of the service providers. Structure and Composition The Committee is chaired by John Le Poidevin and its other members are Claire Whittet  Bronwyn Curtis and Julia Chapman. Caroline Chan was appointed to the Audit Committee on 6 December 2022. Appointment to the Committee is for a period of up to three years which may be extended for two further three-year periods  provided that the majority of the Committee remains independent of the Manager. Claire Whittet is currently serving her third term. John Le Poidevin is currently serving his third term  Bronwyn Curtis is serving her second term and Julia Chapman and Caroline Chan are serving their first terms. The Committee conducts formal meetings at least three times a year. The table in the Directors’ Report sets out the number of Committee meetings held during the year ended 31 December 2022 and the number of such meetings attended by each committee member. The Independent Auditor is invited to attend those meetings at which the annual and interim reports are considered. The Independent Auditor and the Committee will meet together without representatives of either the Administrator or the Manager being present if the Committee considers this to be necessary. Principal Duties The role of the Committee includes: · monitoring the integrity of the published Financial Statements of the Company; · reviewing and reporting to the Board on the significant issues and judgements made in the preparation of the Company’s published Financial Statements (having regard to matters communicated by the Independent Auditor)  significant financial returns to regulators and other financial information; · monitoring and reviewing the quality and effectiveness of the Independent Auditor and their independence; · considering and making recommendations to the Board on the appointment  reappointment  replacement and remuneration to the Company’s Independent Auditor; and · monitoring and reviewing the internal control and risk management systems of the service providers. The complete details of the Committee’s formal duties and responsibilities are set out in the Committee’s Terms of Reference  which can be obtained from the Company’s Administrator. The independence and objectivity of the Independent Auditor is reviewed by the Committee  which also reviews the terms under which the Independent Auditor is appointed to perform non-audit services  which includes consideration of the Financial Reporting Council Revised Ethical Standard 2019. The Committee has also established policies and procedures for the engagement of the Company’s auditor to provide audit  assurance and other services. The services which the Independent Auditor may not provide are any which: · places them in a position to audit their own work; · creates a mutuality of interest; · results in the Independent Auditor functioning as a manager or employee of the Company; or · puts the Independent Auditor in the role of advocate of the Company. Independent Auditor The audit and any non-audit fees proposed by the Independent Auditor each year are reviewed by the Committee taking into account the Company’s structure  operations and other requirements during the year and the Committee makes recommendations to the Board. KPMG Channel Islands Limited (“KPMG CI”) has been the Company’s Independent Auditor from the date of the initial listing on the London Stock Exchange. The external audit was most recently tendered for the year ended 31 December 2016  where KPMG CI was re-appointed as auditor following the completion of the tender process. Key Activities in 2022 The following sections discuss the assessment made by the Committee during the year: Significant Financial Statement Issues The Committee’s review of the annual Audited Financial Statements focused on the following area: The Company’s investment in the Master Fund had a fair value of US$1 628.8 million as at 31 December 2022 and represents substantially all the net assets of the Company. The valuation of the investment is determined in accordance with the Accounting Policies set out in note 3 to the Audited Financial Statements. The Financial Statements of the Master Fund for the year ended 31 December 2022 were audited by KPMG Cayman who issued an unqualified audit opinion dated 24 March 2023. The Audit Committee has reviewed the Financial Statements of the Master Fund and the accounting policies and determined the fair value of the investment as at 31 December 2022 is reasonable. This matter was discussed during the planning and final stage of the audit and there was no significant divergence of views between the Committee and the Independent Auditor. The Committee has carried out a robust assessment of the risks to the Company in the context of making the Viability Statement in these Audited Financial Statements. Furthermore  the Committee has concluded it appropriate to continue to prepare the Audited Financial Statements on the going concern basis of accounting. Effectiveness of the Audit The Committee held formal meetings with KPMG CI during the course of the year: 1) before the start of the audit to discuss formal planning and to discuss any potential issues and to agree the scope that would be covered; and 2) after the audit work was concluded  to discuss the significant issues including those stated above. The Committee considered the effectiveness and independence of KPMG CI by using a number of measures  including but not limited to: - reviewing the audit plan presented to them before the start of the audit; - reviewing and challenging the audit findings report including variations from the original plan; - reviewing any changes in audit personnel; and - requesting feedback from both the Manager and the Administrator. Further to the above  during the year ended 31 December 2021  the Committee performed a specific evaluation of the performance of the Independent Auditor. This was supported by the results of questionnaires completed by the Committee covering areas such as the quality of the audit team  business understanding  audit approach and management. There were no significant adverse findings from the 2021 evaluation. Audit Fees and Safeguards on Non-Audit Services The table below summarises the remuneration paid by the Company to KPMG CI for audit and non-audit services during the years ended 31 December 2022 and 31 December 2021. Yearended Yearended 31.12.22 31.12.21 £ £ Annual audit 65 000 55 000 Interim review 33 000 16 000 Specified procedures relating to 30 June 2021 Tender offer - 11 000 Specified procedures relating to 31 July 2021 NAV Review - 11 000 Reporting accountant services - Combination with BH Global - 80 000 The Audit Committee has examined the scope and results of the external audit  its cost effectiveness and the independence and objectivity of the Independent Auditor  with particular regard to non-audit fees  and considers KPMG CI  as Independent Auditor  to be independent of the Company. Further  the Committee has obtained KPMG CI’s confirmation that the services provided by other KPMG member firms to the wider Brevan Howard organisation do not prejudice its independence. Internal Control The Audit Committee has also reviewed the need for an internal audit function. The Committee has concluded that the systems and procedures employed by the Manager and the Administrator  including their own internal audit functions  currently provide sufficient assurance that a sound system of internal control  which safeguards the Company’s assets  is maintained. An internal audit function specific to the Company is therefore considered unnecessary. The Committee examined externally prepared assessments of the control environment in place at the Manager and the Administrator  with the Manager providing an International Standard on Assurance Engagements (“ISAE 3402”) report and the Administrator providing a Service Organisation Control (“SOC1”) report. No significant findings have been noted during the year. Conclusion and Recommendation After reviewing various reports such as the operational and risk management framework and performance reports from the Manager and the Administrator  consulting where necessary with KPMG CI  and assessing the significant Audited Financial Statements’ issues noted in the Report of the Audit Committee  the Committee is satisfied that the Audited Financial Statements appropriately address the critical judgements and key estimates (both in respect of the amounts reported and the disclosures). The Committee is also satisfied that the significant assumptions used for determining the value of assets and liabilities have been appropriately scrutinised and challenged and are sufficiently robust. At the request of the Board  the Audit Committee considered and was satisfied that the 2022 Annual Report and Audited Financial Statements are fair  balanced and understandable and provide the necessary information for Shareholders to assess the Company’s performance  business model and strategy. The Independent Auditor reported to the Committee that no unadjusted material misstatements were found in the course of its work. Furthermore  both the Manager and the Administrator confirmed to the Committee that they were not aware of any unadjusted material misstatements including matters relating to the presentation of the Audited Financial Statements. The Committee confirms that it is satisfied that the Independent Auditor has fulfilled its responsibilities with diligence and professional scepticism. Consequent to the review process on the effectiveness of the independent audit and the review of audit and non-audit services  the Committee has recommended that KPMG CI be reappointed for the coming financial year. For any questions on the activities of the Committee not addressed in the foregoing  a member of the Audit Committee remains available to attend each Annual General Meeting to respond to such questions. John Le Poidevin Audit Committee Chair 28 March 2023 Manager’s Report Brevan Howard Capital Management LP (“BHCM” or the “Manager”) is the manager of BH Macro Limited (the “Company”) and of Brevan Howard Master Fund Limited (the “Master Fund”). The Company invests all of its assets (net of short-term working capital) in the ordinary shares of the Master Fund. Performance Review The NAV per share of the GBP shares of the Company appreciated by 21.91% during 2022  while the NAV per share of the USD shares appreciated by 21.17%. The month-by-month NAV performance of each currency class of the Company since it commenced operations in 2007 is set out below. GBP Jan Feb Mar Apr May Jun Jul Aug Sep Oct Nov Dec YTD 2007 - - 0.11 0.83 0.17 2.28 2.55 3.26 5.92 0.04 3.08 0.89 20.67 2008 10.18 6.85 (2.61) (2.33) 0.95 2.91 1.33 1.21 (2.99) 2.84 4.23 (0.67) 23.25 2009 5.19 2.86 1.18 0.05 3.03 (0.90) 1.36 0.66 1.55 1.02 0.40 0.40 18.00 2010 (0.23) (1.54) 0.06 1.45 0.36 1.39 (1.96) 1.23 1.42 (0.35) (0.30) (0.45) 1.03 2011 0.66 0.52 0.78 0.51 0.59 (0.56) 2.22 6.24 0.39 (0.73) 1.71 (0.46) 12.34 2012 0.90 0.27 (0.37) (0.41) (1.80) (2.19) 2.38 1.01 1.95 (0.35) 0.94 1.66 3.94 2013 1.03 2.43 0.40 3.42 (0.08) (2.95) (0.80) (1.51) 0.06 (0.55) 1.36 0.41 3.09 2014 (1.35) (1.10) (0.34) (0.91) (0.18) (0.09) 0.82 0.04 4.29 (1.70) 0.96 (0.04) 0.26 2015 3.26 (0.58) 0.38 (1.20) 0.97 (0.93) 0.37 (0.74) (0.63) (0.49) 2.27 (3.39) (0.86) 2016 0.60 0.70 (1.78) (0.82) (0.30) 3.31 (0.99) (0.10) (0.68) 0.80 5.05 0.05 5.79 2017 (1.54) 1.86 (2.95) 0.59 (0.68) (1.48) 1.47 0.09 (0.79) (0.96) 0.09 (0.06) (4.35) 2018 2.36 (0.51) (1.68) 1.01 8.19 (0.66) 0.82 0.79 0.04 1.17 0.26 0.31 12.43 2019 0.52 (0.88) 2.43 (0.60) 3.53 3.82 (0.78) 1.00 (1.94) 0.47 (1.22) 1.52 7.98 2020 (1.42) 5.49 18.31 0.19 (0.85) (0.53) 1.74 0.94 (1.16) (0.02) 0.75 3.04 28.09 2021 1.20 0.32 0.81 0.15 0.25 (1.50) (0.49) 0.87 0.40 0.27 0.00 0.47 2.76 2022 0.94 1.79 5.39 3.86 1.66 1.05 0.15 2.84 2.12 (0.40) (1.15) 1.88 21.91 USD Jan Feb Mar Apr May Jun Jul Aug Sep Oct Nov Dec YTD 2007 - - 0.10 0.90 0.15 2.29 2.56 3.11 5.92 0.03 2.96 0.75 20.27 2008 9.89 6.70 (2.79) (2.48) 0.77 2.75 1.13 0.75 (3.13) 2.76 3.75 (0.68) 20.32 2009 5.06 2.78 1.17 0.13 3.14 (0.86) 1.36 0.71 1.55 1.07 0.37 0.37 18.04 2010 (0.27) (1.50) 0.04 1.45 0.32 1.38 (2.01) 1.21 1.50 (0.33) (0.33) (0.49) 0.91 2011 0.65 0.53 0.75 0.49 0.55 (0.58) 2.19 6.18 0.40 (0.76) 1.68 (0.47) 12.04 2012 0.90 0.25 (0.40) (0.43) (1.77) (2.23) 2.36 1.02 1.99 (0.36) 0.92 1.66 3.86 2013 1.01 2.32 0.34 3.45 (0.10) (3.05) (0.83) (1.55) 0.03 (0.55) 1.35 0.40 2.70 2014 (1.36) (1.10) (0.40) (0.81) (0.08) (0.06) 0.85 0.01 3.96 (1.73) 1.00 (0.05) 0.11 2015 3.14 (0.60) 0.36 (1.28) 0.93 (1.01) 0.32 (0.78) (0.64) (0.59) 2.36 (3.48) (1.42) 2016 0.71 0.73 (1.77) (0.82) (0.28) 3.61 (0.99) (0.17) (0.37) 0.77 5.02 0.19 6.63 2017 (1.47) 1.91 (2.84) 3.84 (0.60) (1.39) 1.54 0.19 (0.78) (0.84) 0.20 0.11 (0.30) 2018 2.54 (0.38) (1.54) 1.07 8.41 (0.57) 0.91 0.90 0.14 1.32 0.38 0.47 14.16 2019 0.67 (0.70) 2.45 (0.49) 3.55 3.97 (0.66) 1.12 (1.89) 0.65 (1.17) 1.68 9.38 2020 (1.25) 5.39 18.40 0.34 (0.82) (0.54) 1.84 0.97 (1.11) (0.01) 0.76 3.15 28.89 2021 1.21 0.31 0.85 0.16 0.26 (1.47) (0.47) 0.86 0.31 0.14 (0.09) 0.59 2.67 2022 0.74 1.77 5.27 3.80 1.09 0.76 0.12 3.11 2.46 (0.50) (1.09) 2.01 21.17 Source: Master Fund NAV data is provided by the administrator of the Master Fund  State Street Fund Services (Ireland) Limited. The Company’s NAV and NAV per Share data is provided by the Company’s administrator  Northern Trust International Fund Administration Services (Guernsey) Limited. The Company’s NAV per Share % Monthly Change is calculated by BHCM. The Company’s NAV data is unaudited and net of all investment management and performance fees and all other fees and expenses payable by the Company. In addition  the Company’s investment in the Master Fund is subject to an operational services fee. NAV performance is provided for information purposes only. Shares in the Company do not necessarily trade at a price equal to the prevailing NAV per Share. Data as at 30 December 2022. PAST PERFORMANCE IS NOT INDICATIVE OF FUTURE RESULTS Quarterly and Annual contribution (%) to the performance of the Company’s USD Shares (net of fees and expenses) by asset class* The information ( below) is given in US$ only  consistent with monthly shareholder reporting for the underlying US$ denominated Master Fund. Rates FX Commodities Credit Equity Digital Assets Discount Management TOTAL Q1 2022 7.28 1.30 0.72 0.09 -1.05 -0.39 0.00 7.93 Q2 2022 6.91 -0.37 -0.22 -0.43 0.41 -0.51 0.00 5.72 Q3 2022 1.90 3.57 -0.02 -0.58 -0.17 0.03 0.99 5.77 Q4 2022 3.64 -1.76 -0.60 0.45 -1.02 -0.27 0.00 0.39 YTD 2022 21.13 2.69 -0.12 -0.47 -1.83 -1.14 0.99 21.17 Data as at 30 December 2022. Quarterly and YTD figures are calculated by BHCM as at 30 December 2022  based on performance data for each period provided by the Company’s administrator  Northern Trust. Figures rounded to two decimal places. PAST PERFORMANCE IS NOT INDICATIVE OF FUTURE RESULTS Methodology and Definition of Contribution to Performance: Attribution by asset class is produced at the instrument level  with adjustments made based on risk estimates. *The above asset classes are categorised as follows: “Rates”: interest rates markets“FX”: FX forwards and options“Commodities”: commodity futures and options“Credit”: corporate and asset-backed indices  bonds and CDS “Equity”: equity markets including indices and other derivatives “Digital Assets”: crypto-currencies “Discount Management”: buyback activity or sales of shares Performance and Economic Outlook Commentary The economic environment last year proved favourable for our core macro strategies. Surging inflation  combined with central banks reversing years of monetary stimulus  triggered high levels of volatility across a range of markets  creating a rich opportunity set. Our core theme of higher US rates played out during the first three quarters of the year. When sentiment shifted in the fourth quarter toward the possibility of an end to the rate-hiking cycle in the US and concerns about recession in Europe  the Master Fund was able to generate additional gains by positioning for lower rates. European interest rate trading was much more tactical throughout the year  also contributing to gains. Not only did the traditional macro directional strategies perform well  but so too did a range of other strategies including FX  relative value  inflation  and emerging markets. Looking to the future  it is worth considering the recent past. The decade following the Great Financial Crisis saw the longest economic recovery on record  fuelled by unprecedented monetary and fiscal stimulus. Macroeconomic and market volatility was suppressed as policymakers used an ever-growing set of policy tools designed to curtail potential bad outcomes. Harvesting risk premium in this quiescent environment was relatively straightforward for investors. Eventually  though  the consequence of such hyper-easy monetary and fiscal policy was a surge in inflation exacerbated by pandemic-related disruptions to the supply side of the global economy. Against this backdrop  inflation broke out of 40-year ranges in many developed market (DM) and emerging market (EM) economies. Huge uncertainties remain as to whether global central banks will succeed in containing inflation without triggering severe recessions. Something always breaks during a rate-hiking cycle and there’s no such thing as a pain-free recession. At the beginning of this year  it looked like investors were willing to believe in a soft landing. However  by the end of the first quarter  bank failures in the US and a near-miss in Europe reminded markets that interest-rate sensitive sectors of the economy are in for a rough time. The near-term prospect of a credit crunch which slows economic activity has to be evaluated against continued unwelcome inflationary pressures. Policymakers are experienced  coordinated and determined. But  it’s unclear whether they have the macro prudential tools to reassure financial markets while simultaneously using monetary policy tools to tame inflation. Soft landing may turn into turbulence or worse. This task is made harder as economies adapt to new geopolitical realities by accelerating re-shoring and supply chain independence  while political classes remain incentivised to push in the opposite direction by keeping the fiscal reins loose. Global imbalances  both within individual economies as well as between them  in part due to economic desynchronisation  are at generational extremes. As a consequence  the macro landscape looks set to remain extremely interesting. Brevan Howard wishes to thank shareholders once again for their continued support. Brevan Howard Capital Management LP  acting by its sole general partner  Brevan Howard Capital Management Limited. 28 March 2023 Independent Auditor’s Report to the Members of BH Macro Limited Our opinion is unmodified We have audited the financial statements of BH Macro Limited (the “Company”)  which comprise the Audited Statement of Assets and Liabilities as at 31 December 2022  the Audited Statements of Operations  Changes in Net Assets and Cash Flows for the year then ended  and notes  comprising significant accounting policies and other explanatory information. In our opinion  the accompanying financial statements: · give a true and fair view of the financial position of the Company as at 31 December 2022  and of the Company’s financial performance and cash flows for the year then ended; · are prepared in accordance with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles; and · comply with the Companies (Guernsey) Law  2008. Basis for opinion We conducted our audit in accordance with International Standards on Auditing (UK) (“ISAs (UK)”) and applicable law. Our responsibilities are described below. We have fulfilled our ethical responsibilities under  and are independent of the Company in accordance with  UK ethical requirements including the FRC Ethical Standard as required by the Crown Dependencies' Audit Rules and Guidance. We believe that the audit evidence we have obtained is a sufficient and appropriate basis for our opinion. Key audit matters: our assessment of the risks of material misstatement Key audit matters are those matters that  in our professional judgment  were of most significance in the audit of the financial statements and include the most significant assessed risks of material misstatement (whether or not due to fraud) identified by us  including those which had the greatest effect on: the overall audit strategy; the allocation of resources in the audit; and directing the efforts of the engagement team. These matters were addressed in the context of our audit of the financial statements as a whole  and in forming our opinion thereon  and we do not provide a separate opinion on these matters. In arriving at our audit opinion above  the key audit matter was as follows (2021: Valuation of Investment in Brevan Howard Master Fund Limited and Combination with BH Global Limited): The risk Our response Valuation of Investment in Brevan Howard Master Fund Limited (the “Master Fund”)$1 628 766 000; (2021: $1 288 417 000)Refer to the Report of the Audit Committee and note 3 accounting policy. Basis:The Company  which is a multi-class feeder fund  had invested 99.29% (2021: 99.28%) of its net assets at 31 December 2022 into the ordinary US Dollar and Sterling denominated Class B Shares issued by the Master Fund  which is an open-ended investment company.The Company’s investment holdings in the Master Fund are valued using the respective net asset value per share class as provided by the Master Fund’s independent administrator.Risk:The valuation of the Company’s investment in the Master Fund  given that it represents the majority of the net assets of the Company  is a significant area of our audit. Our audit procedures included  but were not limited to:i) Obtained an independent confirmation from the administrator of the Master Fund detailing the net asset value per share for both the US Dollar and Sterling Class B shares and reconciled these to the net asset values used in the valuation of the investment in the Master Fund;ii) Reviewed the audit work performed by the auditor of the Master Fund to gain insight over the work performed on the significant elements of the Master Fund’s net asset value and held discussions on key audit findings with the auditor of the Master Fund; andiii) Examined the Master Fund’s coterminous audited financial statements to corroborate the net asset value per share of both the US Dollar and Sterling Class B shares.We also considered the Company’s investment valuation policies as disclosed in note 3 to the financial statements for conformity with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles. Our application of materiality and an overview of the scope of our audit Materiality for the financial statements as a whole was set at £24 600 000  determined with reference to a benchmark of net assets of $1 640 448 000  of which it represents approximately 1.5% (2021: 1.5%). In line with our audit methodology  our procedures on individual account balances and disclosures were performed to a lower threshold  performance materiality  so as to reduce to an acceptable level the risk that individually immaterial misstatements in individual account balances add up to a material amount across the financial statements as a whole. Performance materiality for the Company was set at 75% (2021: 75%) of materiality for the financial statements as a whole  which equates to $18 450 000. We applied this percentage in our determination of performance materiality because we did not identify any factors indicating an elevated level of risk. We reported to the Audit Committee any corrected or uncorrected identified misstatements exceeding $1 230 000  in addition to other identified misstatements that warranted reporting on qualitative grounds. Our audit of the Company was undertaken to the materiality level specified above  which has informed our identification of significant risks of material misstatement and the associated audit procedures performed in those areas as detailed above. Going concern The directors have prepared the financial statements on the going concern basis as they do not intend to liquidate the Company or to cease its operations  and as they have concluded that the Company's financial position means that this is realistic. They have also concluded that there are no material uncertainties that could have cast significant doubt over its ability to continue as a going concern for at least a year from the date of approval of the financial statements (the “going concern period""). In our evaluation of the directors' conclusions  we considered the inherent risks to the Company's business model and analysed how those risks might affect the Company's financial resources or ability to continue operations over the going concern period. The risks that we considered most likely to affect the Company's financial resources or ability to continue operations over this period were: · Availability of capital to meet operating costs and other financial commitments; · The likelihood of a share class closure or liquidation resolution votes being triggered. We considered whether these risks could plausibly affect the liquidity in the going concern period by comparing severe  but plausible downside scenarios that could arise from these risks individually and collectively against the level of available financial resources indicated by the Company’s financial forecasts. We considered whether the going concern disclosure in note 3 to the financial statements gives a full and accurate description of the directors' assessment of going concern. Our conclusions based on this work: · we consider that the directors' use of the going concern basis of accounting in the preparation of the financial statements is appropriate; · we have not identified  and concur with the directors' assessment that there is not  a material uncertainty related to events or conditions that  individually or collectively  may cast significant doubt on the Company's ability to continue as a going concern for the going concern period; and · we have nothing material to add or draw attention to in relation to the directors' statement in the notes to the financial statements on the use of the going concern basis of accounting with no material uncertainties that may cast significant doubt over the Company's use of that basis for the going concern period  and that statement is materially consistent with the financial statements and our audit knowledge. However  as we cannot predict all future events or conditions and as subsequent events may result in outcomes that are inconsistent with judgements that were reasonable at the time they were made  the above conclusions are not a guarantee that the Company will continue in operation. Fraud and breaches of laws and regulations – ability to detect Identifying and responding to risks of material misstatement due to fraud To identify risks of material misstatement due to fraud (“fraud risks”) we as",neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,mixed,0.49,0.06,0.44,True,English,"['BH Macro Limited', 'Annual Report', 'Financial Statements', 'Other languages Press Releases Official Publications Sector news', 'BH Macro Limited News Summary BHMU GG00BQBFY479 BH MACRO LIMITED', 'Homepage Equities United Kingdom London Stock Exchange', 'News Ratings Calendar Company Financials Consensus Funds', 'BH Macro net asset value', 'Brevan Howard Capital Management LP', 'BH Macro Limited Annual Report', 'PR Summary Quotes Charts', 'favourable core macro strategies', 'US Dollar Class shares', 'other asset classes', 'Brevan Howard group', 'multiple email addresses', 'Classified Regulated Information', 'challenging investing environment', 'repeated interest rates', 'longstanding track record', 'new, related areas', 'diversified return streams', 'periodic external evaluation', 'significant tap issuances', 'significant capacity agreement', 'international corporate lawyer', 'subsequent 12-month period', 'Sterling Class shares', 'impressive relative returns', 'respective share class', 'list Report Report', 'Audited Financial Statements', 'solid absolute returns', 'calendar year', 'stock markets', 'excellent returns', 'turbulent period', 'relative performance', 'corporate governance', 'The Report', 'Director Declaration', 'global economy', 'investors’ portfolios', 'energy costs', 'revolving door', '10 Downing Street', 'best starts', 'negative backdrop', 'soft landing', 'bank failures', 'optimistic scenario', 'choppy waters', 'uncertain environments', 'investment portfolio', 'regular dialogue', 'investment team', 'intense focus', 'trading team', 'complementary performance', 'greater pool', 'experienced Guernsey', 'high standards', 'significant demand', '10:1 share split', 'smaller investors', 'The UK', 'The Compa', 'highest inflation', 'continued inflation', 'First name', 'DTR 6 Annex', 'last year', 'Caroline Chan', 'tremendous addition', 'initial offer', 'The Manager', 'EDT', 'commas', 'Message', 'fields', 'section', 'accordance', 'website', 'Chair', 'geopolitics', 'price', 'NAV', 'cornerstone', 'event', 'volatility', 'expectations', 'invasion', 'Ukraine', '40 years', 'background', 'lurches', 'policy', 'hope', 'skids', 'March', 'Fed', 'ECB', 'cascade', 'retrenchments', 'review', 'Board', 'case', 'interests', 'shareholders', 'order', 'quality', 'systems', 'operations', 'infrastructure', 'organisation', 'depth', 'capabilities', 'benefit', 'assets', 'appointment', 'effectiveness', 'strength', 'premium', 'result', 'sale', 'way', 'subscription', 'liquidity', 'option', '21.']",2023-03-29,2023-03-30,marketscreener.com
21635,Euroclear,Bing API,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/euroclear-finalizing-dlt-bond-settlement-112847465.html,Euroclear May Launch Digital Bond Settlement Platform This Year  Staffer Says,Euroclear  a Brussels-based firm that specializes in settling securities trades  may release a new platform for trading securities based on distributed ledger technology as soon as this year  one of its staffers said on Thursday.,Join the most important conversation in crypto and web3! Secure your seat todayEuroclear  a Brussels-based firm that specializes in settling securities trades  may release a new platform for trading securities based on distributed ledger technology as soon as this year  one of its staffers said on Thursday.The initiative builds on a recent trial led by Euroclear with the French central bank to use blockchain technology for bond transactions  with a central bank digital currency used as payment – extending the idea beyond a mere experiment to cover live transfers of security tokens.“Euroclear is building and is finalizing the first minimum viable product of a DLT platform for issuance and settlement of digital bonds ” Bart Garré  a lawyer for Euroclear  told CoinDesk at an event in Brussels.Garré said that Euroclear doesn't have definitive timeline but that the platform could be launched as soon as this year. The trading platform will link to legacy bond markets to ensure liquidity  he added.The project doesn't necessarily depend on the changes brought by the European Union’s DLT pilot regime  which is designed to make trading stocks and bonds easier by using crypto-style technology  Garré said. That pilot program started last week. Garré  however  added  that Euroclear is facing legal assumptions  including what constitutes an account or a message to transfer funds  as well as concepts in property law.“How do you transfer ownership? Do you need to change the law to be able to do that?” Garré asked  adding that to take collateral “can be done with a very minor change in the financial collateral law.”Read more: Bye-bye Brokers: EU Tries Stock Trading  the Web3 Way,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,positive,0.83,0.16,0.01,True,English,"['Digital Bond Settlement Platform', 'Euroclear', 'Staffer', 'first minimum viable product', 'central bank digital currency', 'French central bank', 'legacy bond markets', 'DLT pilot regime', 'financial collateral law', 'bond transactions', 'digital bonds', 'pilot program', 'DLT platform', 'important conversation', 'Brussels-based firm', 'ledger technology', 'recent trial', 'blockchain technology', 'mere experiment', 'live transfers', 'security tokens', 'definitive timeline', 'European Union', 'crypto-style technology', 'legal assumptions', 'property law', 'minor change', 'new platform', 'trading stocks', 'Stock Trading', 'securities trades', 'trading platform', 'Web3 Way', 'Bart Garré', 'seat', 'Euroclear', 'year', 'staffers', 'Thursday', 'initiative', 'payment', 'idea', 'issuance', 'settlement', 'lawyer', 'CoinDesk', 'event', 'liquidity', 'project', 'changes', 'account', 'message', 'funds', 'concepts', 'ownership', 'Brokers']",2023-03-30,2023-03-30,finance.yahoo.com
21636,Euroclear,Bing API,https://www.coindesk.com/policy/2023/03/30/euroclear-finalizing-dlt-bond-settlement-platform-staffer-says/,Euroclear May Launch Digital Bond Settlement Platform This Year  Staffer Says,Euroclear is building and is finalizing the first minimum viable product of a DLT platform for issuance and settlement of digital bonds ” Bart Garré  a Legal Counsel for the financial infrastructure giant ,The project doesn't necessarily depend on the changes brought by the European Union’s DLT pilot regime  which is designed to make trading stocks and bonds easier by using crypto-style technology  Garré said. That pilot program started last week. Garré  however  added  that Euroclear is facing legal assumptions  including what constitutes an account or a message to transfer funds  as well as concepts in property law.,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,neutral,0.03,0.93,0.04,True,English,"['Digital Bond Settlement Platform', 'Euroclear', 'Staffer', 'DLT pilot regime', 'pilot program', 'European Union', 'trading stocks', 'crypto-style technology', 'legal assumptions', 'property law', 'project', 'changes', 'bonds', 'Garré', 'Euroclear', 'account', 'message', 'funds', 'concepts']",2023-03-30,2023-03-30,coindesk.com
21637,Euroclear,Bing API,https://www.privataaffarer.se/notice-to-annual-general-meeting-of-engcon-ab-1680176700,Notice to Annual General Meeting of engcon AB,The annual general meeting of engcon AB will be held on Thursday 4 May 2023 at 15.00 CEST at Folkets hus  Ramselevägen 6  Strömsund  Sweden. Registration begins at 14.00 CEST. Pursuant to the provisions in the articles of association of engcon ,"Pursuant to the provisions in the articles of association of engcon  the board of directors has resolved that shareholders may also exercise their voting right by postal voting prior to the annual general meeting.RIGHT TO ATTEND AND NOTICEShareholders wishing to attend the annual general meetingshall be entered as shareholder in the share register kept by Euroclear Sweden AB regarding the circumstances on Tuesday 25 April 2023 shall give notice of attendance at the meeting no later than Thursday 27 April 2023. Notice of attendance may be given in writing to the Company at the address engcon AB  “Annual General Meeting”  c/o Euroclear Sweden AB  P.O. Box 191  SE-101 23 Stockholm  Sweden  by telephone +46 (0)8 402 91 33 on weekdays between 09.00 a.m. and 4.00 p.m. CEST or on the Company's website  www.engcongroup.com. When giving notice of attendance  please state name or company name  personal identification number or company registration number  address and daytime telephone number. The registration procedure described above also applies to registration for any assistants.Shareholders who wish to use the possibility of postal voting shall do that in accordance with the instructions under the heading “Postal voting” below. Such postal voting does not require any further notice of attendance.NOMINEE-REGISTERED SHARESTo be entitled to attend the annual general meeting  shareholders whose shares are nominee-registered must  in addition to giving notice of attendance to the meeting  register such shares in their own names so that the shareholder is recorded in the share register as of 25 April 2023. Such registration may be temporary (so called voting right registration) and request for such registration shall be made to the nominee in accordance with the nominee's routines in such time in advance as decided by the nominee. The presentation of the share register as per the record date  Tuesday 25 April 2023  will consider voting rights registrations made no later than Thursday 27 April 2023.PROXY ETC.Shareholders who wish to attend the meeting venue in person or through a proxy representative are entitled to bring one or two assistants. Shareholders who wish to bring assistants shall state this in connection with the notice of attendance. Shareholders represented by a proxy shall issue a signed and dated power of attorney for the proxy. If the power of attorney is issued by a legal entity  a copy of a certificate of incorporation  or if such document doesn’t exist  a corresponding document shall be enclosed. In order to facilitate the registration at the meeting  the power of attorney and certificate of incorporation and other documents of authority should be provided to the Company at the address stated above well in advance before the annual general meeting. A proxy form is available on the Company's website  www.engcongroup.com.POSTAL VOTINGA designated form shall be used for postal voting. The form is available on engcon’s website  www.engcongroup.com. The postal voting form is considered as a notification of attendance at the general meeting.The completed voting form must be received by Euroclear Sweden AB  no later than Thursday 27 April 2023. The completed form shall be sent to engcon AB  ""Annual General Meeting""  c/o Euroclear Sweden AB  P.O. Box 191  SE-101 23 Stockholm  Sweden. The completed form may alternatively be submitted electronically. Electronical submissions can be made either through BankID signing as per instructions available on https://anmalan.vpc.se/euroclearproxy or through sending the completed voting form by e-mail to GeneralMeetingService@euroclear.com (with reference ""engcon Annual General Meeting 2023""). If a shareholder postal votes in advance by proxy  a power of attorney shall be enclosed with the form. The proxy form is available at the Company’s website  www.engcongroup.com. If the shareholder is a legal entity  a certificate of incorporation or a corresponding document shall be enclosed with the form. The shareholder may not provide special instructions or conditions in the voting form. If so  the vote (i.e. the postal vote in its entirety) is invalid. Further instructions and conditions are included in the form for postal voting.PROPOSED AGENDAOpening of the meeting Election of chairman of the meeting Preparation and approval of the voting list Election of one or two persons to verify the minutes Determination of whether the meeting has been duly convened Approval of the agenda Presentation by the CEO Presentation of the annual report and the audit report and the consolidated financial statements and the audit report on the consolidated financial statements Resolutions on:adoption of the income statement and balance sheet and the consolidated income statement and consolidated balance sheet  disposition of profits or losses in accordance with the adopted balance sheet  and determination of record date in case of dividend  and discharge from liability for the directors of the board and the CEO for the financial year 2022Presentation of the remuneration report for approval Resolution on the number of directors of the board and the number of auditors Resolution on remuneration to the directors of the board and to the auditors Election of directors of the board  chairman of the board and auditors Resolution on instructions for the nomination committee Resolution on authorisation for the board of directors to resolve to issue new class B shares Closing of the meetingPROPOSED RESOLUTIONSElection of chairman of the meeting (item 2)The nomination committee proposes that the chairman of the board of directors  Annika Bäremo  is elected chairman of the meeting.Resolution on disposition of profits or losses in accordance with the adopted balance sheet  and determination of record date in case of dividend (item 9 b)The board of directors proposes that the annual general meeting resolves on a dividend to the shareholders in a total amount of SEK 0.85 per share to be paid on two occasions. As record day for the first payment of SEK 0.43 per share  the board of directors proposes 8 May 2023  and for the second payment of SEK 0.42 per share  2 October 2023 is proposed. If the annual general meeting resolves in accordance with the proposal  the first part of the dividend is estimated to be distributed by Euroclear Sweden on 11 May 2023 and the second part on 5 October 2023.Presentation of the remuneration report for approval (item 10)The board of directors proposes that the annual general meeting approves the report regarding remuneration to the CEO and the board of directors for the financial year 2022.Resolution on the number of directors of the board and the number of auditors (item 11)The nomination committee proposes that the board of directors  for the period until the end of the next annual general meeting  shall continue to consist of five directors elected by the general meeting with no deputies.The nomination committee proposes that the Company shall have one auditor with no deputy.Resolution on remuneration to the directors of the board  chairman of the board and auditors (item 12)For the period until the end of the next annual general meeting  the nomination committee proposes that remuneration of SEK 500 000 shall be paid to the chairman of the board of directors (unchanged) and SEK 250 000 shall be paid to each other director (unchanged). Further  it is proposed that for work in the audit committee  an annual remuneration of SEK 100 000 shall be paid to the chairman of the audit committee (previously SEK 70 000) and SEK 50 000 to each of the other members (previously SEK 40 000). For work in the remuneration committee  an annual remuneration of SEK 40 000 is proposed to the chairman of the committee (unchanged)  and SEK 25 000 to each of the other members (unchanged).The nomination committee proposes that remuneration to the auditor shall be paid in accordance with approved invoices.Election of directors of the board  chairman of the board and auditors (item 13)The nomination committee proposes that Annika Bäremo  Anna Stålenbring  Stig Engström  Bob Persson and Monica Engström shall be re-elected as members of the board of directors. The nomination committee proposes that Annika Bäremo shall be re-elected as chairman of the board of directors.Information about the proposed directors is available on the Company’s website  www.engcongroup.com.The nomination committee proposes that the registered accounting firm Deloitte AB is re-elected as auditor for the period until the end of the next annual general meeting. The proposal of the nomination committee is in accordance with the audit committee's recommendation.Deloitte AB has informed that if the nomination committee's proposal for auditor is adopted by the meeting  Harald Jagner  authorised public accountant  will be appointed as the auditor in charge.Resolution on instructions for the nomination committee (item 14)The nomination committee proposes that the annual general meeting resolves to adopt the following instructions for the nomination committee  to be applied until the general meeting decides otherwise.Instructions for the nomination committeeThis instruction for the Nomination Committee regarding engcon shall apply until the general meeting decides otherwise.The Nomination Committee shall consist of at least three and not more than five members. In September  the chairperson of the board shall contact the three largest shareholders (assessed on the basis of the number of votes held as of 31 August) regarding the formation of a Nomination Committee. If such a shareholder declines to appoint a member  the fourth largest shareholder shall be asked  and so on. Not more than five more shareholders are required to be contacted unless the chairperson of the board finds specific reasons for doing so. In addition  the chairperson of the board of directors of the Company shall be a co-opted member. In his or her role as a co-opted member  the chairperson of the board of directors of the Company shall assist the nomination committee in carrying out its tasks but is not entitled to participate in its decision making.Each member of the Nomination Committee is to consider carefully whether there is any conflict of interest or other circumstance that makes its membership of the Nomination Committee inappropriate before accepting the assignment. The majority of the members of the Nomination Committee are to be independent of the Company and its executive management. Neither the CEO nor other members of the executive management are to be members of the Nomination Committee. Board members may be members of the Nomination Committee but must not constitute a majority of the Nomination Committee’s members. At least one member of the Nomination Committee is to be independent of the Company’s largest shareholder in terms of votes or any group of shareholders who act in concert in the governance of the Company. All members of the nomination committee shall act and perform their duties in the interest of all shareholders.The names of the persons to be included in the Nomination Committee and the names of the shareholders who appointed them shall be published on the Company’s website no later than six months before the Annual General Meeting.The Nomination Committee is appointed for a term of office from the time when its composition is announced until the next Nomination Committee is formed. Chairperson in the Nomination Committee  unless the members agree otherwise  shall be the member appointed by the largest shareholder (assessed on the basis of the number of votes held). However  the chairperson of the board or any other board member shall not be the chairperson of the Nomination Committee. The Nomination Committee is quorate when more than half of the members of the Nomination Committee are present.If during the Nomination Committee's term of office one or more of the shareholders who have appointed members of the Nomination Committee no longer belongs to the three largest shareholders in terms of the number of votes  members of the Nomination Committee appointed by them must resign their positions  and the shareholder or shareholders being among the three largest shareholders in terms of votes shall be asked in their place  if they want to appoint new members to the Nomination Committee. However  unless there are special reasons  no changes shall be made to the composition of the Nomination Committee if the change occurs later than two months before the Annual General Meeting where proposals from the Nomination Committee are to be considered.Shareholders who have appointed a member of the Nomination Committee have the right to dismiss such a member and appoint a new member of the Nomination Committee. Likewise  if a member at its own request leaves the Nomination Committee before its work is completed  the shareholder who appointed the member has the right to appoint a new member to the Nomination Committee. Changes in the composition of the Nomination Committee shall be announced as soon as possible.The Company’s website shall provide information on how shareholders may submit recommendations to the Nomination Committee.The Nomination Committee shall prepare proposals in the following matters to be submitted to the Annual General Meeting for decision (presented in the notice to the general meeting as well as on the Company’s website):proposal for chairman of the meeting proposal for the number of board members on the Company's board proposals for the election of board members and chairperson of the board proposals for the election of statutory auditors proposals for board fees to the chairperson of the board and to other members of the Board and any remuneration for committee work proposal for fee to the statutory auditors  andproposal for any changes to this instruction for the Nomination Committee (if applicable).Committee members are not to reveal the content and details of nominations discussions unduly.The Nomination Committee shall make available such information to the Company as the Company needs to be able to meet the information requirements of the Swedish Corporate Governance Code. In connection with its assignment  the Nomination Committee shall otherwise fulfil the tasks according to the Swedish Corporate Governance Code.No fees are to be paid to Nomination Committee members. The Company shall however  at the request of the Nomination Committee  provide personnel resources such as the secretarial function in the Nomination Committee  to facilitate the Nomination Committee's work. If necessary  the Company shall also pay reasonable costs for external consultants and similar which are deemed necessary by the Nomination Committee for it to be able to fulfil its assignment.At least one member of the Nomination Committee shall attend general meetings where board members and/or auditors are to be elected and present the reasons underlying the Nomination Committee’s proposals.Resolution on authorisation for the board of directors to resolve to issue new class B shares (item 15)The board of directors proposes that the annual general meeting resolves to authorise the board of directors to  at one or several occasions for the period until the end of the next annual general meeting  with or without deviation from the shareholders’ preferential rights  resolve to issue new shares of class B  to the extent that such issue can be made without amending the articles of association. The total number of shares of class B issued under the authorisation may not result in a dilution of more than 10 percent of the total number of shares in the Company at the time of the annual general meeting 2023  calculated after full exercise of the proposed authorisation. New issues under the authorisation shall be made at a subscription price on market terms and payment may be made in cash  by contribution in kind or by set-off.The purpose of the authorisation and the reason for any deviation from the shareholders' preferential rights is to be able to carry out company acquisitions that are important for the Company’s business and thereby use the Company’s share as a means of payment.SPECIAL MAJORITY REQUIREMENTSFor a valid resolution under item 15  the proposal must be supported by shareholder representing at least two thirds of both the votes cast and the shares represented at the meeting.AUTHORISATIONThe CEO  or anyone appointed by the CEO  shall be authorised to make the minor adjustments in the meeting's resolutions that may be required in connection with registration of the resolutions at the Swedish Companies Registration Office or due to other formal requirements.DOCUMENTSThe nomination committee’s motivated statement as well as information on the proposed board members are kept available on the Company’s website  www.engcongroup.com. Accounting documents  the auditor's statement and other documents that shall be made available pursuant to the Swedish Companies Act and the Swedish Corporate Governance Code will be kept available at the Company and on the Company's website  www.engcongroup.com  from no later than 13 April 2023  and will be sent immediately and free of charge for the recipient to any shareholder who requests the documents and provide their postal or e-mail address. The documents will also be available at the meeting.NUMBER OF SHARES AND VOTESAs of the date of the issuance of this notice  the total number of shares in the Company is 151 788 000 divided into 35 344 778 shares of class A and 116 443 222 shares of class B. Each share of class A entitles to ten votes and each share of class B entitles to one vote. At the time of issuance of this notice  the Company does not hold any of its own shares.SHAREHOLDER'S RIGHT TO REQUEST INFORMATIONThe board of directors and the CEO shall  if any shareholder so requests and the board of directors believes that it can be done without material harm to the Company  provide information regarding circumstances that may affect the assessment of an item on the agenda  circumstances that may affect the assessment of the Company's or its subsidiaries' financial situation and the Company's relationship to another group company and the consolidated financial statements. Shareholders who wish to send in questions in advance can do so in writing to engcon AB  Godsgatan 6  833 36 Strömsund or by e-mail to susanne.fundin@engcon.se.PERSONAL DATA PROCESSINGFor information on how your personal data is processed  please see https://www.euroclear.com/dam/ESwithLegal/Privacy-notice-bolagsstammor-engelska.pdf.____________Strömsund in March 2023engcon ABThe board of directors",neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,mixed,0.5,0.17,0.33,True,English,"['Annual General Meeting', 'engcon AB', 'Notice', 'consolidated financial statements Resolutions', 'engcon Annual General Meeting', 'P.O. Box', 'personal identification number', 'voting rights registrations', 'consolidated income statement', 'Euroclear Sweden AB', 'daytime telephone number', 'consolidated balance sheet', 'Such postal voting', 'voting list Election', 'postal voting form', 'company registration number', 'annual report', 'financial year', 'engcon AB', 'meeting venue', 'share register', 'state name', 'record date', 'legal entity', 'other documents', 'Electronical submissions', 'BankID signing', 'PROPOSED AGENDA', 'two persons', 'audit report', 'remuneration report', 'designated form', 'completed form', 'postal vote', 'corresponding document', 'PROXY ETC.', 'proxy representative', 'registration procedure', 'special instructions', 'Further instructions', 'minutes Determination', 'agenda Presentation', 'company name', 'proxy form', 'NOMINEE-REGISTERED SHARES', 'two assistants', 'dated power', 'Thursday 27 April', 'Tuesday 25 April', 'CEO Presentation', 'provisions', 'articles', 'association', 'board', 'directors', 'shareholders', 'ATTEND', 'NOTICE', 'circumstances', 'writing', 'address', 'SE-101', 'Stockholm', 'weekdays', 'CEST', 'website', 'possibility', 'accordance', 'heading', 'addition', 'names', 'request', 'routines', 'advance', 'connection', 'signed', 'attorney', 'copy', 'certificate', 'order', 'authority', 'notification', 'vpc', 'euroclearproxy', 'mail', 'GeneralMeetingService', 'reference', 'votes', 'conditions', 'entirety', 'Opening', 'chairman', 'Preparation', 'approval', 'adoption', 'disposition', 'profits', 'losses', 'case', 'liability', '09.00', '4.00']",2023-03-30,2023-03-30,privataaffarer.se
21638,Euroclear,Bing API,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/notice-annual-general-meeting-swedish-075700010.html,Notice of Annual general meeting in Swedish Orphan Biovitrum AB (publ),"Reg. No. 556038-9321  are hereby summoned to the Annual General Meeting (the ""Meeting"")  to be held on Tuesday  9 May 2023 at 15.00 at IVA Konferenscenter  Grev Turegatan 16  Stockholm  Sweden.","STOCKHOLM  March 30  2023 /PRNewswire/ -- The shareholders in Swedish Orphan Biovitrum AB (publ) (Sobi®) Reg. No. 556038-9321  are hereby summoned to the Annual General Meeting (the ""Meeting"")  to be held on Tuesday  9 May 2023 at 15.00 at IVA Konferenscenter  Grev Turegatan 16  Stockholm  Sweden.The Board of Directors has decided that shareholders shall be able to exercise their voting rights at the Meeting also by postal voting in accordance with the regulations in Sobi's Articles of Association.Right to participate and registration(A) Participation at the meeting venueA person who wishes to attend the meeting venue in person or by proxy mustbe listed as a shareholder in the presentation of the share register prepared by Euroclear Sweden AB concerning the circumstances on Friday  28 April 2023  andgive notice of participation no later than Wednesday  3 May 2023  at Euroclear Sweden AB's website https://anmalan.vpc.se/euroclearproxy?sprak=1  by mail to Swedish Orphan Biovitrum AB (publ)  ""Annual General Meeting""  c/o Euroclear Sweden AB  P.O. Box 191  SE-101 23 Stockholm  Sweden  by e-mail generalmeetingservice@euroclear.com or by phone no. +46 8 402 92 27. The notification shall set forth the name  address  telephone number (daytime)  personal/corporate identity number and  when applicable  information about the number of assistants (not more than two).If the shareholder is represented by proxy  a written and dated power of attorney signed by the shareholder shall be issued for the proxy. Proxy forms are available at the company's website www.sobi.com. If the power of attorney has been issued by a legal entity  a registration certificate or corresponding authorisation must be enclosed. In order to facilitate registration at the Meeting  the power of attorney  registration certificate and other authorisation documents should be sent to the company at the address stated above in connection with the notice of participation.Story continues(B) Participation by postal votingA person who wishes to participate in the Annual General Meeting by postal voting mustbe listed as a shareholder in the presentation of the share register prepared by Euroclear Sweden AB concerning the circumstances on Friday  28 April 2023  andgive notice of participation no later than Wednesday  3 May 2023 by casting its postal vote in accordance with the instructions below so that the postal voting form is received by Euroclear Sweden AB no later than that day.Shareholders who wish to attend the meeting venue in person or by proxy must give notice in accordance with (A) above. Hence  a notice of participation only through postal voting is not sufficient for a person who wishes to attend the meeting venue.A special form shall be used for postal voting. The postal voting form is available at the company's website www.sobi.com.The completed and signed postal voting form may be sent by mail to Swedish Orphan Biovitrum AB (publ)  ""Annual General Meeting""  c/o Euroclear Sweden AB  P.O. Box 191  SE-101 23 Stockholm  Sweden or by email to generalmeetingservice@euroclear.com. Shareholders may also submit their postal votes electronically through verification with BankID via Euroclear Sweden AB's website https://anmalan.vpc.se/euroclearproxy?sprak=1. The completed form must be received by Euroclear Sweden AB no later than 3 May 2023.The shareholder may not provide specific instructions or conditions to the postal voting form. If so  the vote (i.e. the postal vote in its entirety) is invalid. Further instructions and conditions are included in the postal voting form and at https://anmalan.vpc.se/euroclearproxy?sprak=1.If the shareholder submit its postal vote by proxy  a written and dated power of attorney signed by the shareholder shall be enclosed with the postal voting form. Proxy forms are available at the company's website www.sobi.com. If the shareholder is a legal entity  a registration certificate or corresponding authorisation must be enclosed with the form.Nominee registered sharesIn order to be entitled to participate in the Meeting  a shareholder whose shares are registered in the name of a nominee must  in addition to giving notice of participation  register its shares in its own name so that the shareholder is listed in the presentation of the share register as of 28 April 2023. Such re-registration may be temporary (so-called voting rights registration)  and request for such voting rights registration shall be made to the nominee  in accordance with the nominee's routines  at such a time in advance as decided by the nominee. Voting rights registrations that have been made by the nominee no later than 3 May 2023 will be taken into account in the presentation of the share register.Proposed agenda1. Opening of the Meeting.2. Election of the chairman of the Meeting.3. Preparation and approval of the voting list.4. Approval of the agenda.5. Election of one or several persons to verify the minutes.6. Determination of whether the Meeting has been duly convened.7. Presentation of the annual report and the auditor's report as well as the consolidated accounts and the auditor's report for the group  and of the auditor's statement regarding whether the company has adhered to the guidelines for compensation of senior executives.8. Presentation by the CEO.9. Presentation of the work performed by the Board of Directors and its committees.10. Resolution regarding adoption of the income statement and the balance sheet as well as the consolidated income statement and the consolidated balance sheet.11. Resolution regarding appropriation of the company's profit or loss in accordance with the adopted balance sheet.12. Resolution regarding discharge from liability of the members of the Board of Directors and the CEO.13. Determination of fees to be paid to the members of the Board of Directors and to the auditor.14. Determination of the number of directors and deputy directors and auditors and deputy auditors.15. Election of the chairman  the members of the Board of Directors and the auditor.a. Election of Annette Clancy as member of the Board of Directors (re-election);b. Election of Bo Jesper Hansen as member of the Board of Directors (re-election);c. Election of Helena Saxon as member of the Board of Directors (re-election);d. Election of Staffan Schüberg as member of the Board of Directors (re-election);e. Election of Filippa Stenberg as member of the Board of Directors (re-election);f. Election of Christophe Bourdon as member of the Board of Directors (new election);g. Election of Anders Ullman as member of the Board of Directors (new election);h. Election of Bo Jesper Hansen as the chairman of the Board of Directors (new election); andi. Election of Ernst & Young AB as the auditor (re-election).16. Resolution on approval of the remuneration report.17. Resolution regarding the implementation of a Management Programme and an All Employee Programme in accordance with A.I and A.II  respectively  and hedging arrangements in respect thereof in accordance with B.I and B.II  respectively  or C.18. Resolution regarding approval for the Board of Directors to authorise the issuance of new shares and/or convertible bonds and/or warrants.19. Resolution regarding transfer of own shares.20. Closing of the Meeting.Election of the chairman of the Meeting (item 2)The Nomination Committee of Swedish Orphan Biovitrum AB (publ)  which consists of Petra Hedengran  chairman (Investor AB)  Håkan Björklund (chairman of the Board of Directors)  Thomas Ehlin (The Fourth Swedish National Pension Fund (AP4)) and Lennart Francke (Swedbank Robur Fonder AB)  proposes that attorney-at-law Eva Hägg from Mannheimer Swartling Advokatbyrå is elected chairman of the Meeting.Preparation and approval of the voting list (item 3)The voting list proposed for approval is the voting list drawn up by Euroclear Sweden AB on behalf of the company  based on the Annual General Meeting's register of shareholders  shareholders having given notice of participation and being present at the meeting venue  and postal votes received.Appropriation of the company's profit or loss in accordance with the adopted balance sheet (item 11)The Board of Directors proposes no dividend and that the company's retained profits are carried forward.Fees for the members of the Board of Directors and the auditor (item 13)The Nomination Committee proposes the following:- that fees to be paid to the Board of Directors should be SEK 1 725 000 (1 675 000) to the chairman of the Board of Directors and SEK 570 000 (550 000) to each of the other members of the Board of Directors elected by the Annual General Meeting  that fees for work in the Audit Committee should be SEK 190 000 (185 000) to the chairman and SEK 110 000 (unchanged) to each other member of such committee  that fees for work in the Compensation & Benefits Committee should be SEK 125 000 (120 000) to the chairman and SEK 80 000 (70 000) to each other member of such committee and that fees for work in the Science Committee should be SEK 125 000 (120 000) to the chairman and SEK 80 000 (70 000) to each other member of such committee  that fees for work in another committee in accordance with a decision by the Board of Directors should be SEK 80 000 to each member of that committee - that  in addition to the fees proposed above  for each physical meeting of the Board of Directors held in Sweden  a meeting fee of SEK 20 000 (unchanged) is paid to the members of the Board of Directors that reside in Europe outside the Nordic countries and a meeting fee of USD 3 500 (unchanged) is paid to the members of the Board of Directors that reside outside Europe  and- that the fees to the auditor should be paid in accordance with normal standards and approved invoice.The number of members of the Board of Directors  deputy directors  auditors and deputy auditors (item 14)The Nomination Committee proposes the following:- that seven ordinary members of the Board of Directors without deputies should be appointed  and- that one auditor without any deputy auditor should be appointed.Election of the chairman  the members of the Board of Directors and the auditor (item 15)The Nomination Committee proposes the following:- that Annette Clancy  Bo Jesper Hansen  Helena Saxon  Staffan Schüberg and Filippa Stenberg should be re-elected as ordinary members of the Board of Directors  that Christophe Bourdon and Anders Ullman should be elected as new ordinary members of the Board of Directors and that Bo Jesper Hansen should be elected as new chairman of the Board of Directors  and- that Ernst & Young AB should be re-elected as auditor of the company until the end of the Annual General Meeting 2024  in accordance with the Audit Committee's recommendation.Christophe BourdonChristophe Bourdon (born 1970) holds an MBA from International Institute for Management (IMD) Business School  Switzerland  and a BA from ISG Business School  France.Christophe is CEO of Leo Pharma A/S. His previous experience includes CEO of Orphazyme A/S  Senior Vice President  General Manager  U.S Oncology Business and member of the Operating Team at Amgen Inc. and Senior Vice President of Europe  Middle East  Africa and Canada at Alexion  as well as other key roles within the international pharmaceutical industry.Anders UllmanAnders Ullman (born 1956) holds an MD and PhD in Clinical Pharmacology from the University of Gothenburg  Sweden.Anders is a board member of Verona Pharma plc.Anders was Head of Research & Development and Medical Affairs and Chief Medical Officer at Sobi from January 2022 until 31 March 2023. For transitional purposes  Anders remains employed by Sobi until summer 2023  but not as a member of the executive committee. Prior to his employment with Sobi  Anders was a board member of Sobi from May 2021 to December 2021. He was previously a board member of NeuroSearch and of PExA. He was also the head of the COPD Centre at Sahlgrenska University Hospital. He has more than 20 years of experience from several executive positions within research and development in the international pharmaceutical industry  including Baxter Bioscience  Nycomed/Takeda  Biovitrum  Bayer Pharmaceuticals and AstraZeneca.The Nomination Committee recommends the elected board members to build their own holdings of shares in the companySimilar to previous years  the Nomination Committee recommends the Board of Directors of Swedish Orphan Biovitrum AB (publ) to establish a shareholding policy pursuant to which the members of the Board of Directors  who do not already have such holding  are expected to  over a five year period  acquire an ownership in Swedish Orphan Biovitrum AB (publ) shares with a market value which is expected to correspond to at least one year board remuneration  before taxes  excluding remuneration for committee work.Implementation of a Management Programme and an All Employee Programme in accordance with A.I and A.II  respectively  and hedging arrangements in respect thereof in accordance with B.I and B.II  respectively  or C (item 17)BackgroundThe Board of Directors of Swedish Orphan Biovitrum AB (publ) (""Sobi"") proposes that the Annual General Meeting 2023 resolves on the implementation of long-term incentive programmes  giving all permanent employees of the Sobi Group the opportunity of becoming shareholders in Sobi. A division into two parts is proposed: (I) one part directed to managers and executives (the ""Management Programme"") and (II) one part directed to all other employees (the ""All Employee Programme""  jointly with the Management Programme  the ""Programmes"")  with separate resolutions on each part.The overall purpose of the Programmes is to closely align the employees' interests with those of the shareholders and to create a long-term commitment to Sobi. The Management Programme provides Sobi with a crucial component of a competitive total remuneration package with which to attract and retain executives who are critical to Sobi's long-term success. The purpose of the All Employee Programme is to create commitment and motivation for the entire permanent workforce of the Sobi Group. For these reasons the Board of Directors considers that having recurring long-term incentive programmes is a vital and important part of Sobi's total remuneration package.The Board of Directors of Sobi has evaluated the long-term incentive programmes approved by the Annual General Meeting 2022 and has concluded that the All Employee Programme as well as the Management Programme work well and satisfy the intended purposes.Similar to the incentive programmes approved by the Annual General Meeting 2022  the Programmes shall be inspiring  achievable  easy to understand  cost effective to administer  easy to communicate and in line with market practice. Following implementation of the Programmes  the Board of Directors intends to carry out an evaluation thereof in order to systematically analyse the achieved results in relation to the aims outlined above. The aim of the evaluation will be to determine whether the Programmes satisfies their purposes  and this will also include a review of the outcome and the costs for the Programmes.A. Implementation of the ProgrammesThe Board of Directors proposes that the Annual General Meeting 2023 resolves on implementation of the Programmes in accordance with the principal terms and conditions set out below:I. The Management ProgrammeIt is proposed that the Management Programme be open to no more than 341 permanent employees of the Sobi Group  whereof no more than 270 employees on director level of the Sobi Group (""Band D"")  no more than 40 employees on vice president level of the Sobi Group (""Band C"")  no more than 15 pre-selected key employees of the Sobi Group (""Band B2"")  no more than 15 employees who are members of the Executive Committee of the Sobi Group (""Band B1"") and the CEO of Sobi (""CEO"")  on the following terms and conditions and the terms and conditions set out in item A.III below.Performance sharesa) Each participant in Band D  Band C  Band B2  Band B1 and the CEO will free of charge receive a performance share award under the Management Programme (""LTIP Award"") entitling the participant to receive an allocation of a number of Sobi common shares free of charge from Sobi or from a designated third party  subject to the satisfaction of the condition in section e) below as well as the satisfaction of the performance conditions set out in section c) below (""Management Performance Shares""). Any Management Performance Shares will be allocated after the expiration of the three-year vesting period beginning on the date that Sobi starts inviting the employees in Band D  Band C  Band B2  Band B1 and the CEO to participate in the Management Programme (the ""Vesting Period""). Sobi must invite the employees in Band D  Band C  Band B2  Band B1 and the CEO to participate in the Management Programme no later than on 31 December 2023.b) The value of the underlying shares at the time of grant in respect of each LTIP Award will amount to (i) 150% of the gross annual fixed salary in 2023 for the CEO  (ii) 75% of the gross annual fixed salary in 2023 for each Band B1 participant  on an individual basis  (iii) 75% of the gross annual fixed salary in 2023 for each Band B2 participant  on an individual basis  (iv) the sum of 37.5% of the average gross annual fixed salary in 2023 for Band C participants and 37.5% of the gross annual fixed salary in 2023 for each Band C participant  on an individual basis  and (v) 35% of the average gross annual fixed salary in 2023 for Band D participants. The share price used to calculate the value of the underlying shares in respect of each LTIP Award  and hence the number of shares to which each LTIP Award entitles  shall be the volume-weighted average price paid for the Sobi common share on Nasdaq Stockholm  adjusted for any dividend payments  during a period of ten trading days in connection with the commencement of the Vesting Period.c) The portion (if any) of an LTIP Award that will vest at the end of the Vesting Period is based on and subject to the satisfaction of the following performance conditions:Absolute TSR[1] increase60% of an LTIP Award granted to a participant will be subject to satisfaction of certain levels of absolute TSR increase over the Vesting Period. In order for any vesting related to absolute TSR increase to occur  the TSR must increase by more than 10% over the Vesting Period. In order for full vesting related to absolute TSR increase to occur  the TSR must increase by at least 40% over the Vesting Period. If the TSR increase is between 10% and 40% over the Vesting Period  a linear vesting related to absolute TSR increase will occur. The calculation of the TSR shall for the purpose of the TSR performance condition be based on a comparison of the volume-weighted average price paid for the Sobi common share on Nasdaq Stockholm  adjusted for any dividend payments  during a period of ten trading days in connection with the start of the Vesting Period and the volume-weighted average price paid for the Sobi common share on Nasdaq Stockholm  adjusted for any dividend payments  during the last ten trading days of the Vesting Period.Annual revenues40% of an LTIP Award granted to a participant will be subject to the Sobi Group's actual annual revenues reaching or exceeding the Sobi Group's target annual revenues for the Management Programme as set by the Board of Directors each year. A comparison shall be made for each of the financial years 2023  2024 and 2025. If the threshold is reached or exceeded for a financial year  full vesting related to annual revenues in respect of that financial year will occur (i.e. 1/3 of 40%). If the threshold is not reached for a financial year  no vesting related to annual revenues in respect of that financial year will occur.d) Management Performance Shares may be allocated only after the expiration of the Vesting Period  unless the Board of Directors of Sobi in an individual case resolves otherwise.e) In order for a Management Programme participant to be allocated Management Performance Shares it is a condition that  with certain specific exemptions  he/she has been permanently employed within the Sobi Group for the duration of the whole Vesting Period.f) If significant changes in the Sobi Group or in the market occur which  in the opinion of the Board of Directors  would result in a situation where the conditions for allocation of Management Performance Shares become unreasonable  the Board of Directors shall be entitled to make adjustments to the Management Programme  including  among other things  be entitled to resolve on a reduced allocation of Management Performance Shares  or that no Management Performance Shares shall be allocated at all.Employee stock optionsa) In addition to the LTIP Award  the CEO as well as Band B1 and Band B2 participants (approximately 31 employees in total) shall free of charge be awarded employee stock options (""Options"").b) The Options shall not be deemed securities and shall be non-transferable.c) The Options shall be awarded as soon as possible after the Annual General Meeting 2023. For new employees awards may take place at a later point in time but no later than on 31 December 2023.d) Each Option shall entitle the holder to acquire one Sobi common share (""Option Share"") at a strike price equivalent to 105% of the volume-weighted average price paid for the Sobi common share at Nasdaq Stockholm  adjusted for any dividend payments  during a period of ten trading days in connection with the commencement of the Vesting Period (the ""Strike price""). The Strike Price shall be rounded to the nearest SEK 0.01  whereby SEK 0.005 shall be rounded upwards. The Strike price and the number of Option Shares that may be acquired for each Option will be subject to recalculation as a result of intervening bonus issues  splits  rights issues and/or other similar corporate events.e) The value of each award of Options will amount to (i) 150% of the gross annual fixed salary in 2023 for the CEO  (ii) 75% of the gross annual fixed salary in 2023 for each Band B1 participant  on an individual basis and (iii) 75% of the gross annual fixed salary in 2023 for for each Band B2 participant  on an individual basis. The valuation of the Options will be carried out pursuant to Black & Scholes. The aggregate number of Options awarded will not exceed 1 647 605 and amount to:CEO: no more than 266 648 Options.Band B1: no more than between 28 491 and 93 128 Options per person  depending on the size of the gross annual fixed salary in 2023.Band B2: no more than between 15 669 and 59 501 Options per person  depending on the size of the gross annual fixed salary in 2023.f) Each holder of Options shall be entitled to exercise the Options as from the third anniversary of the award date  up to and including the fifth anniversary of the award date (""Exercise Period"")  subject to satisfaction of the condition in section h) below as well as the satisfaction of the performance condition set out in section g) below. In accordance with customary terms and conditions  it shall be possible to exercise the Options prematurely in the event of  inter alia  compulsory redemption of shares  liquidation or merger.g) The vesting of Options will be subject to the Sobi Group's actual average revenues reaching or exceeding the Sobi Group's average target revenues for the Management Programme as set by the Board of Directors each year over the financial years 2023-2025. If the threshold is reached or exceeded  full vesting of Options will occur. If the threshold is not reached  no vesting of Options will occur.h) In order for a Management Programme participant to be eligible to exercise Options it is a condition that  with certain specific exemptions  he/she has been permanently employed within the Sobi Group from the start of the Vesting Period up until the time of exercise of Options.i) If significant changes in the Sobi Group or in the market occur which would result in a situation where the Board of Directors considers the number of Options subject to exercise to be unreasonable  the Board of Directors shall be entitled to reduce the number of Options subject to exercise. Such reduction may result in the number of Options subject to exercise being reduced to zero. Further  the value of each Sobi common share received upon exercise of Options shall be capped to three times the Strike price  meaning that the number of Sobi common shares delivered to Management Program participants upon exercise of Options may be reduced.II. The All Employee ProgrammeIt is proposed that the All Employee Programme be open to approximately 825 permanent employees of the Sobi Group (""Employees"")  on the following terms and conditions and the terms and conditions set out in item A.III below.a) The All Employee Programme will require Employees to make investments of their own in common shares in Sobi on Nasdaq Stockholm (""Employee Investment Shares""). For each Employee Investment Share  the Employees will have the possibility to be allocated two common shares in Sobi free of charge (""Employee Matching Shares"")  from Sobi or from a designated third party. The Employee Matching Shares will be allocated following expiration of the three-year vesting period beginning on the date that Sobi starts inviting the Employees to participate in the All Employee Programme (the ""Vesting Period""). Sobi must invite the Employees to participate in the All Employee Programme no later than on 31 December 2023.b) The maximum number of Employee Investment Shares each Employee may invest in depends on the gross annual average fixed salary for Employees in 2023. Employee Investment Shares may be acquired for an amount corresponding to no more than 2.5% of the gross annual average fixed salary for Employees in 2023.c) All Employee Programme participants must purchase Employee Investment Shares in connection with the start of the Vesting Period.d) Employee Matching Shares may be allocated only after the expiration of the Vesting Period  unless the Board of Directors of Sobi in an individual case resolves otherwise.e) In order for an All Employee Programme participant to be allocated Employee Matching Shares it is a condition that  with certain specific exemptions  he/she has been permanently employed within the Sobi Group for the duration of the whole Vesting Period and that the participant  until the expiration of this Vesting Period  has retained the Employee Investment Shares purchased. Any disposal of Employee Investment Shares prior to the expiration of the Vesting Period will generally result in no Employee Matching Shares being allocated.III. Terms and conditions applying to the Management Programme and the All Employee Programmea) The Board of Directors shall be authorised to establish the detailed terms and conditions for the Programmes. The Board of Directors may  in that regard  make necessary or appropriate adjustments to satisfy certain regulations or market conditions outside Sweden  including  among other things  to offer cash settlement.b) Participation in the Programmes presupposes that such participation is legally possible in the various jurisdictions concerned and that the administrative costs and financial efforts are reasonable in the opinion of the Board of Directors.c) The Programmes shall jointly comprise no more than 4 038 431 common shares in Sobi  of which 1 413 067 constitute Management Performance Shares  1 647 605 constitute Option Shares and 143 550 constitute Employee Matching Shares. The remaining 834 209 common shares in Sobi are such shares that may be transferred by Sobi in order to cover the cash flow effects associated with the Programmes  primarily social security charges.d) The number of Employee Matching Shares  Option Shares and Management Performance Shares  will be subject to recalculation as a result of intervening bonus issues  splits  rights issues and/or other similar corporate events.Costs for the Programmes etc.The costs for the Programmes  which are charged in the profit and loss account  are calculated according to the accounting standard IFRS 2 and distributed on a linear basis over the Vesting Period. The calculation has been made based on the following assumptions: (i) a market price of the Sobi common share of SEK 234  (ii) no dividend is paid by Sobi during the Programmes  (iii) an assessment of future volatility in respect of the Sobi common share  (iv) full vesting of Management Performance Shares related to annual revenues will occur  and (v) full vesting of Options. In total  this can lead to maximum costs for the Programmes of approximately SEK 273.9 million  excluding social security costs. The costs for social security charges are calculated to approximately SEK 117.7 million assuming an annual share price increase of 10% during the Vesting Period. In addition to what is set forth above  the maximum costs for the Programmes have been based on a share price of SEK 234 at the time of the commencement of the Vesting Period  that the Programmes comprise 1 166 participants in total  that each All Employee Programme participant makes a maximum investment and based on historical employee turnover for the Sobi Group of 12%. If the share price increases from SEK 234 with 10% until the implementation of the Programmes the effect on costs would only be marginal as the number of Employee Matching Shares  Management Performance Shares and Option Shares would be reduced correspondingly. Also in case of a decrease in the share price the effect on costs would be marginal. Based on the assumptions above the annual costs for the Programmes  including social security charges  corresponds to approximately 3.6% of Sobi's total annual employee costs.If the Programmes had been implemented in 2022  if the company had had costs in accordance with the example in the preceding paragraph  and Employee Matching Shares  Management Performance Shares and Option Shares had been allocated in 2022 in accordance with the assumptions in the sample calculation  which among other things assumes an annual share price increase of 10% during the Vesting Period  the earnings per share for the financial year 2022 had decreased by SEK 0.47 to SEK 8.45 and the shareholders' equity per share for the financial year 2022 had decreased by SEK 1.18 to SEK 84.42.DilutionUpon full allocation of Employee Matching Shares  Management Performance Shares and Option Shares  the number of shares under the Programmes amounts to 3 204 222 common shares in Sobi  corresponding to a dilution effect of approximately 1.07% of the share capital and the votes. Aggregated with the 834 209 shares that may be transferred in order to cover the cash flow effects associated with the Programmes  primarily social security charges  the maximum dilution effect of the Programmes amounts to approximately 1.34% of the share capital and the votes. If all outstanding long-term incentive programmes are included in the calculation  then the corresponding maximum level of dilution amounts to 4.57%.Hedging arrangementsThe Board of Directors has considered different methods for transfer of shares under the Programmes  in order to implement the Programmes in a cost-effective and flexible manner. The Board of Directors has found the most cost-effective alternative to be  and thus proposes that the Annual General Meeting as a main alternative  with separate resolutions for the Management Programme and the All Employee Programme  resolves on (i) a directed issue of redeemable and convertible series C shares and (ii) an authorisation for the Board of Directors to resolve on the repurchase of all issued redeemable and convertible series C shares. Following conversion to common shares in Sobi  the shares are intended to be transferred to the participants of the Programmes as well as transferred on a regulated market in order to cover the cash flow effects associated with the Programmes  primarily social security charges. For this purpose  the Board of Directors further proposes that the Annual General Meeting  with separate resolutions for the Management Programme and the All Employee Programme  resolves (iii) on transfers of own common shares free of charge to the participants of the Programmes. As further described in item B.I.iii) and B.II.iii)  respectively  below  the Board of Directors proposes that shares acquired for the purpose of securing Sobi's obligations under previous incentive programmes also may be transferred under the Programmes. The detailed conditions for the Board of Directors' main alternative are set out in item B.I and B.II  respectively  below.Since the Programmes  in principle  are not expected to give rise to any initial social security payments for the Sobi Group  the Board of Directors has decided not to propose to the Annual General Meeting 2023 to resolve on transfers of own common shares on a regulated market in order to cover such payments. However  prior to the transfers of common shares to the participants of the Programmes  the Board of Directors intends to propose to the Annual General Meeting 2025 that transfers be made of own common shares on a regulated market in order to cover such costs.Should the majority required under item B.I or B.II below not be reached  the Board of Directors proposes that Sobi shall be able to enter into an equity swap agreement with a third party  in accordance with item C. below.Preparations of the proposalThe Compensation & Benefits Committee of Sobi has prepared guidelines for the proposed Programmes. These guidelines have been presented for and adopted by the Board of Directors.The Board of Directors has established shareholding guidelines which recommend that the CEO and other members of the Executive Committee (Band B1 participants) accumulate personal holdings in Sobi shares representing a value of an annual gross base salary for the CEO and 50% of an annual gross base salary for other members of the Executive Committee  by maintaining Sobi shares already held as well as Sobi shares allocated under the Programmes and under previous incentive programmes. It is recommended that the personal holding of shares is established within three years from being appointed Executive Committee Member. It is recommended that the CEO and other Executive Committee members maintain shares of such a value for the duration of their appointment as CEO or other Executive Committee member.Hedging arrangements in respect of the ProgrammesB. Directed issue of redeemable and convertible series C shares  authorisation for the Board of Directors to resolve to repurchase all issued redeemable and convertible series C shares and transfers of own common shares to the participants of the ProgrammesI. Management Programmei) Resolution on a directed issue of redeemable and convertible series C sharesIncrease of Sobi's share capital by no more than SEK 840 624.46 through an issue of no more than 1 532 014 series C shares in Sobi. The issue shall be effected on the following terms:a) The new shares shall – with deviation from the shareholders' preferential right to subscribe for shares – be subscribed for only by an external party who has been informed in advance.b) The price to be paid for each new share shall correspond to the quotient value of the share at the time of the subscription of the shares.[2]c) The new shares shall be subscribed for during the period 10 May – 9 November 2023. Oversubscription is not permitted.d) Payment for shares subscribed for shall be effected at subscription of the shares.e) The new shares shall be entitled to dividends from and including the financial year 2023.f) The new shares will be subject to restrictions as set forth in Chapter 4  Section 6 (conversion provision) and Chapter 20  Section 31 (redemption provision) in the Swedish Companies Act (SFS 2005:551).ii) Authorisation for the Board of Directors to decide on a repurchase of all issued redeemable and convertible series C sharesAuthorisation for the Board of Directors to decide on a repurchase of all issued redeemable and convertible series C shares in Sobi on the following terms:a) Repurchase may be made through a public offer directed to all owners of series C shares in Sobi.b) The authorisation is valid and may be exercised on one or several occasions until the Annual General Meeting 2024.c) The number of series C shares permitted to be repurchased shall amount to no more than 1 532 014.d) Repurchase of shares shall be made at a lowest price per share of 100% and a highest price of 105% of the quotient value  applicable at the time of the subscription of shares according to section B.I.i) above.e) Payment for shares repurchased shall be made in cash.f) The Board of Directors shall be authorised to establish additional terms for the repurchase.g) Repurchase shall also include a so-called interim share  designated by Euroclear Sweden AB as a ""paid subscription share"" (Sw. BTA) relating to a series C share.The repurchase of own shares is an integrated part of the hedging arrangements for the Management Programme. The reason for the proposed possibility to repurchase own shares is that Sobi shall be able to fulfil its obligations pursuant to the Management Programme in a cost-effective manner.iii) Resolution on transfers of own common shares to the participants of the Management ProgrammeSeries C shares have been issued and repurchased by Sobi under previous incentive programmes for the purpose of securing Sobi's obligations under such programmes. Those shares have been converted to common shares. Full allocation of shares will not take place under these programmes and  accordingly  all shares will not be required to secure the obligations under such programmes. The Board of Directors proposes that 2 317 763 common shares  which are no longer required to secure the obligations of Sobi under previous incentive programmes  together with the shares issued and repurchased in accordance with items B.I.i) and B.I.ii) above  following conversion to common shares  may be transferred under the Management Programme.Transfers of Sobi's own common shares to the participants of the Management Programme may be made on the following terms:a) Transfers may be made only of common shares in Sobi  whereby a maximum of 3 060 672 common shares in Sobi (corresponding to 1 413 067 Management Performance Shares and 1 647 605 Option Shares) may be transferred free of charge to participants of the Management Programme.b) Right to purchase common shares in Sobi free of charge shall – with deviation from the shareholders' preferential rights – be granted to such persons within the Sobi Group who are participants in the Management Programme.c) Transfers of common shares in Sobi shall be made free of charge at the time and on the other terms that the Management Programme's participants are entitled to be allocated shares.d) The number of common shares in Sobi that may be transferred under the Management Programme will be subject to recalculation as a result of intervening bonus issues  splits  rights issues and/or other similar corporate events.II. All Employee Programmei) Resolution on a directed issue of redeemable and convertible series C sharesIncrease of Sobi's share capital by no more than SEK 103 515.49 through an issue of no more than 188 654 series C shares in Sobi. The issue shall be effected on the following terms:a) The new shares shall – with deviation from the shareholders' preferential right to subscribe for shares – be subscribed for only by an external party who has been informed in advance.b) The price to be paid for each new share shall correspond to the quotient value of the share at the time of the subscription of the shares.[3]c) The new shares shall be subscribed for during the period 10 May – 9 November 2023. Oversubscription is not permitted.d) Payment for shares subscribed for shall be effected at subscription of the shares.e) The new shares shall be entitled to dividends from and including the financial year 2023.f) The new shares will be subject to restrictions as set forth in Chapter 4  Section 6 (conversion provision) and Chapter 20  Section 31 (redemption provision) in the Swedish Companies Act (SFS 2005:551).ii) Authorisation for the Board of Directors to decide on a repurchase of all issued redeemable and convertible series C sharesAuthorisation for the Board of Directors to decide on a repurchase of all issued redeemable and convertible series C shares in Sobi on the following terms:a) Repurchase may be made through a public offer directed to all owners of series C shares in Sobi.b) The authorisation is valid and may be exercised on one or several occasions until the Annual General Meeting 2024.c) The number of series C shares permitted to be repurchased shall amount to no more than 188 654.d) Repurchase of shares shall be made at a lowest price per share of 100% and a highest price of 105% of the quotient value  applicable at the time of the subscription of shares according to section B.II.i) above.e) Payment for shares repurchased shall be made in cash.f) The Board of Directors shall be authorised to establish additional terms for the repurchase.g) Repurchase shall also include a so-called interim share  designated by Euroclear Sweden AB as a ""paid subscription share"" (Sw. BTA) relating to a series C share.The repurchase of own shares is an integrated part of the hedging arrangements for the All Employee Programme. The reason for the proposed possibility to repurchase own shares is that Sobi shall be able to fulfil its obligations pursuant to the All Employee Programme in a cost-effective manner.iii) Resolution on transfers of own common shares to the participants of the All Employee ProgrammeThe Board of Directors proposes that the shares issued and repurchased in accordance with items B.II.i) and B.II.ii) above  following conversion to common shares  may be transferred under the All Employee Programme.Transfers of Sobi's own common shares to the participants of the All Employee Programme may be made on the following terms:a) Transfers may be made only of common shares in Sobi  whereby a maximum of 143 550 common shares in Sobi (all Employee Matching Shares) may be transferred free of charge to participants of the All Employee Programme.b) Right to purchase common shares in Sobi free of charge shall – with deviation from the shareholders' preferential rights – be granted to such persons within the Sobi Group who are participants in the All Employee Programme.c) Transfers of common shares in Sobi shall be made free of charge at the time and on the other terms that the All Employee Programme's participants are entitled to be allocated shares.d) The number of common shares in Sobi that may be transferred under the All Employee Programme will be subject to recalculation as a result of intervening bonus issues  splits  rights issues and/or other similar corporate events.C. Equity swap agreement with a third partyShould the majority required under item B.I and/or B.II above not be reached  the Board of Directors proposes that the Annual General Meeting resolves that the expected financial exposure of the Management Programme (if the required majority is not obtained for item B.I) and/or the All Employee Programme (of the required majority is not obtained for item B.II) shall be hedged by Sobi being able to enter into an equity swap agreement with a third party on terms in accordance with market practice  whereby the third party in its own name shall be entitled to acquire and transfer common shares in Sobi to participants of the Programmes.ConditionsThe Annual General Meeting's resolution on the implementation of the Management Programme according to item A.I above is conditional upon the Annual General Meeting either resolving in accordance with the Board of Directors' proposal under item B.I above or in accordance with the Board of Directors' proposal under item C above  and the Annual General Meeting's resolution on the implementation of the All Employee Program according to item A.II above  is conditional upon the Annual General Meeting either resolving in accordance with the Board of Directors' proposal under item B.II above or in accordance with the Board of Directors' proposal under item C. above.Majority requirements  etc.Each of the Annual General Meeting's resolutions according to item A.I and item A.II above requires a simple majority of the votes cast. A valid resolution under item B.I above and B.II above respectively  requires that shareholders representing not less than nine-tenths of the votes cast as well as of the shares represented at the Annual General Meeting approve the resolution. A valid resolution under item C. above requires a simple majority of the votes cast.The issues  repurchases and transfers of shares in Sobi described above are integral parts of the proposed Programmes. Therefore  and in light of the above  the Board of Directors considers it to be advantageous for Sobi and the shareholders that the Programmes' participants are invited to become shareholders in Sobi.For the purpose of minimising Sobi's costs for the Programmes  the subscription price has been set at the quotient value of the share.Previous incentive programmes in SobiFor a description of the company's other long-term incentive programmes  reference is made to the company's annual report for 2022  note 10  and the company's website  www.sobi.com. No other long-term incentive programmes than those described herein or in the annual report for 2022  note 10  have been implemented in Sobi.Authorisation for the CEOThe Board of Directors proposes that the CEO shall be authorised to make the minor adjustments to the above resolution regarding the directed issues of redeemable and convertible series C shares in connection with the registration thereof with the Swedish Companies Registration Office (Sw: Bolagsverket) and Euroclear Sweden AB.Approval to authorise the issuance of new shares and/or convertible bonds and/or warrants (item 18)The Board of Directors proposes that the Annual General Meeting resolves to authorise the Board of Directors to resolve  on one or several occasions  prior to the next Annual General Meeting  on a pre-emptive or non-pre-emptive basis  on the issuance of shares and/or convertible bonds and/or warrants. Such resolution may provide for payment in kind  payment against set-off of claims and/or on other conditions. The number of shares that may be issued  the number of shares that convertible bonds may be converted into and the number of shares that may be subscribed for by the exercise of warrants may not exceed 34 400 000 shares in total.If the authorisation is exercised in full  the dilution would amount to approximately 10% of the number of shares in the company (counted after the authorisation has been fully exercised).The Board of Directors  or any person appointed by it  is authorised to make any minor adjustments to the resolution that may be necessary to enable registration with the Swedish Companies Registration Office.Majority requirements  etc.The purpose of the authorisation is to enable payment through the issuance of own financial instruments in connection with possible transactions that the company may make as well as to raise capital in order to finance completed or future transactions that the company may make. A valid resolution in accordance with the Board of Directors' proposal requires that shareholders representing at least two-thirds of both the number of votes cast and the shares represented at the Annual General Meeting support the resolution.Transfer of own shares (item 19)The Board of Directors proposes that the Annual General Meeting resolves that not more than 556 986 common shares may  prior to the Annual General Meeting 2024  be transferred for the purpose of covering certain payments  primarily social security charges that may occur in relation to the incentive programmes 2019 and 2020. Transfer of shares shall be effected on Nasdaq Stockholm at a price within the  at each time  prevailing price interval for the share. The number of shares that may be transferred shall be subject to recalculation in the event of an intervening bonus issue  split  rights issue and/or other similar events.Majority requirements  etc.The purpose of the Board of Directors' proposal to transfer shares is to secure for future cash flow effects due to payments of social security costs connected with the incentive programmes 2019 and 2020. A valid resolution requires approval of shareholders representing at least two-thirds of the votes cast as well as the shares represented at the Annual General Meeting.Shares and votesAs per the date of this notice there are 309 804 782 shares issued in the company. All shares are common shares representing one vote each. The company holds 13 191 257 own common shares  which cannot be represented at the Meeting.DocumentsInformation regarding all board members proposed to the Board of Directors of Swedish Orphan Biovitrum AB (publ)  the Nomination Committee's proposal and motivated opinion as well as proxy and postal voting forms are available on the company's website. The annual report  the audit report  and other documents that shall be held available for the shareholders pursuant to the Swedish Companies Act will be available at the company's head office at Tomtebodavägen 23A  in Solna  Sweden  and at the company's website  www.sobi.com  by Tuesday  18 April 2023 at the latest. The documents will also be sent without charge to those shareholders who so request and who inform the company of their postal address.Information at the Annual General MeetingThe Board of Directors and the CEO shall  if any shareholder so requests and the Board of Directors believes that it can be done without material harm to the company  provide information regarding circumstances that may affect the assessment of an item on the agenda  circumstances that can affect the assessment of the company's or its subsidiaries' financial situation or the company's relation to other companies within the group. Shareholders may submit questions in advance by sending them to Swedish Orphan Biovitrum AB (publ)  ""Annual General Meeting""  SE-112 76 Stockholm or by email: ir@sobi.com.Processing of personal dataFor information on how personal data is processed in connection with the Annual General Meeting  visit https://www.euroclear.com/dam/ESwithLegal/Privacy-notice-bolagsstammor-engelska.pdf.Stockholm in March 2023Swedish Orphan Biovitrum AB (publ)The Board of DirectorsSobi®Sobi is a specialised international biopharmaceutical company transforming the lives of people with rare and debilitating diseases. Providing reliable access to innovative medicines in the areas of haematology  immunology and specialty care  Sobi has approximately 1 600 employees across Europe  North America  the Middle East  Asia and Australia. In 2022  revenue amounted to SEK 18.8 billion. Sobi's share (STO:SOBI) is listed on Nasdaq Stockholm. More about Sobi at sobi.com  LinkedIn and YouTube.ContactsFor details on how to contact the Sobi Investor Relations Team  please click here. For Sobi Media contacts  click here.[1] Total Shareholder Return.[2] The quotient value of the share as per the day of this notice is approximately SEK 0.55.[3] The quotient value of the share as per the day of this notice is approximately SEK 0.55.The following files are available for download:https://mb.cision.com/Main/14266/3743316/1952839.pdf Notice of Annual General Meeting in Swedish Orphan Biovitrum AB (publ)CisionView original content:https://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/notice-of-annual-general-meeting-in-swedish-orphan-biovitrum-ab-publ-301785613.htmlSOURCE Swedish Orphan Biovitrum AB",neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,mixed,0.61,0.06,0.34,True,English,"['Swedish Orphan Biovitrum AB', 'Annual general meeting', 'Notice', 'Swedish Orphan Biovitrum AB', 'P.O. Box', 'Euroclear Sweden AB', 'other authorisation documents', 'Voting rights registrations', 'personal/corporate identity number', 'Annual General Meeting', 'postal voting form', 'Nominee registered shares', 'annual report', 'voting list', 'special form', 'completed form', 'postal votes', 'corresponding authorisation', 'Reg. No.', 'IVA Konferenscenter', 'Grev Turegatan', 'share register', 'telephone number', 'legal entity', 'registration certificate', 'Such re-registration', 'several persons', 'meeting venue', 'specific instructions', 'Further instructions', 'dated power', 'Proxy forms', 'PRNewswire', 'shareholders', 'Tuesday', 'May', 'Stockholm', 'Board', 'Directors', 'accordance', 'regulations', 'Sobi', 'Articles', 'Association', 'Participation', 'presentation', 'circumstances', 'Friday', '28 April', 'notice', 'Wednesday', 'website', 'vpc', 'euroclearproxy', 'mail', 'publ', 'notification', 'name', 'address', 'daytime', 'information', 'assistants', 'two', 'written', 'attorney', 'company', 'order', 'connection', 'Story', 'generalmeetingservice', 'verification', 'BankID', 'conditions', 'entirety', 'addition', 'request', 'routines', 'advance', 'account', 'agenda', 'Opening', 'Election', 'chairman', 'Preparation', 'approval', 'minutes', 'Determination']",2023-03-30,2023-03-30,finance.yahoo.com
21639,Euroclear,Bing API,https://www.privataaffarer.se/humana-ab-annual-general-meeting-in-humana-1680163200,Humana AB: Annual General Meeting in Humana,The annual general meeting of Humana AB will be held on Tuesday  May 9  2023  at 15:00 pm at Lindhagen Konferens lokaler at the premises of Lindhagensgatan 126  112 51 Stockholm  Sweden. Registration begins at 14:30 pm.,More information about the contents of the proposals may be obtained from the complete notice to the annual general meeting below.The notice is expected to be published in the Swedish Official Gazette (Post- och Inrikes Tidningar) and on the company's website within the next few days.For further information  please contact Ewelina Pettersson  Head of Investor Relations  073 074 79 12  ewelina.pettersson@humana.seEnglish translation for information purposes only. If there are differences between the English translation and the Swedish original  the Swedish text will take precedence.NOTICE OF ANNUAL GENERAL MEETING OF HUMANA ABThe annual general meeting of Humana AB will be held on Tuesday  May 9  2023  at 15:00 pm at Lindhagen Konferens lokaler at the premises of Lindhagensgatan 126  112 51 Stockholm  Sweden. Registration begins at 14:30 pm.The board of directors has decided  pursuant to Chapter 7  section 4 a of the Swedish Companies Act and the company's articles of association  that shareholders shall have the right to exercise their voting rights by postal voting prior to the meeting. Thus  shareholders may choose to exercise their voting rights by attending in person  through a proxy or by postal voting.RIGHT TO ATTEND AND NOTIFICATION TO THE COMPANYAnyone wishing to attend the meeting musti. be entered as a shareholder in the share register kept by Euroclear Sweden AB as of Friday  April 28  2023; andii. give notice of their attendance to the company no later than on Wednesday  May 3  2023.Registration for participation can be made in writing to the company at the address Årsstämman i Humana AB  c/o Euroclear Sweden AB  Box 191  101 23 Stockholm  Sweden  by phone08-402 91 60 weekdays between 09:00 am and 16:00 pm  at the company's website  https://.www.humanagroup.com/ or by e-mail to GeneralMeetingService@euroclear.com. When registering  please state name or company name  social security number or organization number  address and telephone number during the day. For registration of assistants  the registration procedure as above applies. A shareholder who exercises his or her voting right through postal voting does not need to specifically give notice of his or her attendance  see below under postal voting. See as well below for further information on the processing of personal data.NOMINEE REGISTERED SHARESTo be entitled to attend the meeting  holders of nominee registered shares must instruct the nominee to have the shares registered in the holder's own name so that the holder is entered in the share register kept by Euroclear Sweden AB as of Wednesday  May 3  2023  and the nominee should therefore be notified in due time before said date. Such registration may be temporary.POSTAL VOTINGShareholders may exercise their voting rights at the meeting by postal voting. For postal voting  a certain form must be used  which is available on the company's website  https://www.humanagroup.com/. The postal voting form can also be obtained from the company or through contact with Euroclear Sweden AB by contact information mentioned above. For the items on the agenda where the board or the nomination committee has submitted proposals  it is possible to vote Yes or No  which is clearly stated in the postal voting form. It is also possible to abstain from voting on an individual decision item. The postal vote must be received by the company as stated below no later than Wednesday  May 3  2023. Registration does not need to be made separately as the postal voting form also applies as registration. Shareholders can also cast a postal vote electronically by verifying with BankID via Euroclear Sweden AB's website https://anmalan.vpc.se/EuroclearProxy. Such electronic votes must be cast no later than Wednesday  May 3  2023.Complete form  including any appendices  are sent by e-mail to GeneralMeetingService@euroclear.com or by writing to Årsstämman i Humana AB  c/o Euroclear Sweden AB  Box 191  101 23 Stockholm  Sweden. If the shareholder is a legal person  a copy of the registration certificate or equivalent authorisation document for the legal person must be attached to the form. The same applies if the shareholder votes by proxy.The shareholder may not provide the postal vote with special instructions or conditions. If so  the postal vote is invalid in its entirety. Further instructions can be found in the postal voting form.PROXY AND POWER OF ATTORNEYAnyone who is not personally present at the meeting may exercise their right at the meeting through a proxy with a written  signed and dated power of attorney. The same applies if someone wishes to postal vote. A power of attorney form is available on the company's website  https://www.humanagroup.com. The power of attorney form can also be obtained from the company or ordered by contacting Euroclear Sweden AB by telephone as instructed above. If a power of attorney has been issued by a legal entity  a copy of the registration certificate or equivalent authorisation document for the legal entity must be attached. The power of attorney may not be older than one year unless a longer period of validity is stated in the power of attorney  however  for a maximum of five years. In order to facilitate access to the general meeting  proxies  registration certificates and other authorisation documents should be received by the company well in advance prior to the meeting.Proposed Agenda1. Opening of the meeting2. Election of chair of the meeting3. Preparation and approval of the voting list4. Approval of the agenda5. Election of one or two persons to approve the minutes6. Examination of whether the meeting has been duly convened7. CEO's Speech8. Presentation of the annual report and auditor's report  and also the group accounts and auditor's report for the group9. Resolutions on:a. adoption of the profit and loss account and balance sheet  and also the consolidated profit and loss account and consolidated balance sheet;b. allocations of the company's results in accordance with the adopted balance sheet; andc. discharge from liability towards the company for the directors and the CEO for the financial year 202210. Resolution on number of directors11. Resolution on number of auditors12. Resolution on directors' fees13. Resolution on auditor's fees14. Election of directors and chair of the board15. Election of auditor16. Resolution on approval of the remuneration report17. Resolution on issue authorisation18. Closure of the meetingRESOLUTIONS PROPOSED BY the Nomination CommitteeThe nomination committee for the annual general meeting 2023 comprises the following members: Fredrik Strömholm  appointed by Impilo Care AB (chair of the committee); Alexander Kopp  appointed by Incentive AS; Petter Mattsson  appointed by of Alcur Fonds; Anette Andersson  appointed by SEB Investment Management AB and Sören Mellstig  chair of the board of Humana AB.The nomination committee presents the following proposals for the annual general meeting onMay 9  2023.Election of chair of the meeting (item 2)The nomination committee proposes that Sören Mellstig  chairman of the Board  or if he is prevented from attending  the person the nomination committee proposes in his place  shall be elected to chair the meeting.Resolution on number of directors (item 10)The nomination committee proposes that the board is to be composed of seven directors elected at the meeting  with no alternates  for the period until the next annual general meeting.Resolution on number of auditors (item 11)The nomination committee proposes that the company have one auditor  with no alternate.Resolution on directors' fees (item 12)The nomination committee proposes that fees shall be paid unchanged with an amount of SEK 725 000 for the chair of the board and SEK 260 000 each for ordinary directors elected by the meeting. Fees shall be paid unchanged with an amount of SEK 120 000 to the chair of the audit committee  SEK 50 000 to each other member of the audit committee  SEK 90 000 to the chair of the remuneration committee and SEK 40 000 to each other member of the remuneration committee.The nomination committee's proposal means a total directors' fee of SEK 2 765 000 (2 505 000). The increased directors' fee is a result of that the board is being enlarged with one director.Resolution on auditor's fees (item 13)Fees will be paid to the auditor in accordance with approved invoice.Election of directors and chairman of the board (item 14)The nomination committee proposes re-election of Monica Lingegård  Anders Nyberg and Fredrik Strömholm  and new election of Grethe Aasved  Carolina Oscarius Dahl  Leena Munter and Ralph Riber  as directors.The nomination committee proposes that Anders Nyberg shall be elected as chair of the board.Information about proposed board members is available on the company's website  https://www.humanagroup.com/.Election of auditor (item 15)The nomination committee proposes that the registered audit company KPMG AB shall be reappointed auditor for the period until the end of the annual general meeting of 2024.The proposal of the nomination committee corresponds to the recommendation of the audit committee. Neither the nomination committee's proposal nor the audit committee's recommendation has been subject to the influence of a third party or subject to any terms in contract limiting the choice of auditor.RESOLUTIONS PROPOSED BY THE BOARDAllocations of the company's results in accordance with the adopted balance sheet (item 9 b)The board proposes that the distributable profit of SEK 1 498 546 845 shall be fully balanced in a new account.Resolution on adoption of guidelines for salary and other remuneration (item 16)The board proposes that the meeting resolves to approve the remuneration report on remunerations in accordance with Chapter 8 Section 53 a of the Swedish Companies Act.Resolution on issue authorisation (item 17)The board proposes that the meeting authorises the board to resolve on issue of shares mainly in accordance with the following.The board shall be authorised to resolve to issue new shares on one or several occasions during the period up to the next annual general meeting. The issue may take place applying or disapplying shareholder pre-emption rights. On the strength of the authorisation the board may resolve to issue a number of new shares not exceeding ten per cent of the total number of outstanding shares in the company at the time of the authorisation resolution.The authorisation includes the right to resolve that shares will be issued against cash payment  payment in kind or payment by way of set-off and the issue may otherwise be subject to conditions as set out in Chapter 2  Section 5  Second paragraph  1-3 and 5 of the Companies Act.A cash issue or issue by way of set-off that takes place with disapplication of shareholder pre-emption rights must take place on market terms.The reason for the proposal and the right to disapply shareholder pre-emption rights is to allow flexibility in conjunction with potential acquisitions or the raising of capital.The board  or the person appointed by the board  shall be entitled to decide on minor changes to the authorisation resolution that may be necessary in connection with registration of the resolution with the Swedish Companies Registration Office or due to other formal requirements.SPECIAL MAJORITY REQUIREMENTFor decision according to item 17 (issue authorisation) to be valid  the proposal must be agreed on by shareholders representing at least two-thirds of both the votes cast and the shares represented at the meeting.DOCUMENTSThe complete documents in accordance with the Swedish Companies Act (2005:551) will be available at the company's address Warfinges väg 39 in Stockholm  and on the company's website https://www.humanagroup.com/ as from Tuesday  April 18  2023  and will be sent immediately without charge to any shareholders who so request and state their postal address. The documents will also be available at the meeting.INFORMATIONThe board and the CEO shall  upon any shareholder's request and if the board deems that it can take place without substantial damage for the company  at the meeting give information about circumstances that may influence determination of an item on the agenda  circumstances which may affect the assessment of the company's or its affiliates' financial position  the consolidated accounts and the company's relation to another company in the group.Shareholder's wishing to submit questions in advance may do so in writing to the company Humana AB  Att: Investor Relations  Warfinges väg 39  112 51 Stockholm  or via e-mail to arsstamma@humana.se.NUMBER OF SHARES AND VOTING RIGHTSThe total number of shares in the company as of the date of this notice is 47 826 058 shares  representing a total of 47 826 058 voting rights. As of the same date  the company is holding no shares in treasury.PROCESSING OF PERSONAL DATAFor information on how your personal data is processed  please refer tohttps://www.euroclear.com/dam/ESwithLegal/Privacy-notice-bolagsstammor-engelska.pdf____________Stockholm  March 2023Humana AB (publ)The board of directors,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,mixed,0.53,0.13,0.34,True,English,"['Annual General Meeting', 'Humana AB', 'Årsstämman i Humana AB', 'Post- och Inrikes Tidningar', 'individual decision item', 'equivalent authorisation document', 'Swedish Official Gazette', 'Swedish Companies Act', 'Such electronic votes', 'Euroclear Sweden AB', 'social security number', 'annual general meeting', 'NOMINEE REGISTERED SHARES', 'postal voting form', 'Swedish original', 'Swedish text', 'organization number', 'postal vote', 'Complete form', 'voting rights', 'Ewelina Pettersson', 'Investor Relations', 'English translation', 'Lindhagen Konferens', 'share register', 'personal data', 'due time', 'nomination committee', 'special instructions', 'Further instructions', 'legal entity', 'Such registration', 'telephone number', 'state name', 'legal person', 'More information', 'information purposes', 'attorney form', 'registration procedure', 'registration certificate', 'complete notice', 'dated power', 'contact information', 'company name', 'contents', 'proposals', 'website', 'next', 'days', 'Head', 'differences', 'precedence', 'Tuesday', 'May', 'premises', 'Lindhagensgatan', 'Stockholm', 'board', 'directors', 'Chapter', 'section', 'articles', 'association', 'shareholders', 'proxy', 'ATTEND', 'NOTIFICATION', 'Anyone', 'Friday', 'April', 'Wednesday', 'participation', 'writing', 'address', 'Box', 'humanagroup', 'mail', 'GeneralMeetingService', 'assistants', 'processing', 'items', 'agenda', 'BankID', 'appendices', 'copy', 'conditions', 'entirety', 'written', 'someone', '15:00', '112', '14:30', '09:00', '16:00']",2023-03-30,2023-03-30,privataaffarer.se
21640,Euroclear,Twitter API,Twitter,Euroclear May Launch Digital Bond Settlement Platform This Year  Staffer Says https://t.co/01ytjgVZSD,nan,Euroclear May Launch Digital Bond Settlement Platform This Year  Staffer Says https://t.co/01ytjgVZSD,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,True,English,"['Digital Bond Settlement Platform', 'Euroclear', 'Staffer', 'Digital Bond Settlement Platform', 'Euroclear', 'Staffer']",2023-03-30,2023-03-30,Unknown
21641,Euroclear,Twitter API,Twitter,@LedgerInsights @euroclear Swift and chainlink have it covered 💪 https://t.co/NY4rtwS0Ig,nan,@LedgerInsights @euroclear Swift and chainlink have it covered 💪 https://t.co/NY4rtwS0Ig,neutral,0.23,0.76,0.01,neutral,0.23,0.76,0.01,True,English,"['LedgerInsights', 'Swift', 'chainlink', 'LedgerInsights', 'Swift', 'chainlink']",2023-03-30,2023-03-30,Unknown
21642,Euroclear,Twitter API,Twitter,Euroclear Finalizing DLT Bond Settlement Platform  Staffer SaysRead more: https://t.co/uJ58H9LPSl https://t.co/F3vdxSIJZR,nan,Euroclear Finalizing DLT Bond Settlement Platform  Staffer SaysRead more: https://t.co/uJ58H9LPSl https://t.co/F3vdxSIJZR,neutral,0.02,0.98,0.0,neutral,0.02,0.98,0.0,True,English,"['DLT Bond Settlement Platform', 'Euroclear', 'Staffer', 'DLT Bond Settlement Platform', 'Euroclear', 'Staffer']",2023-03-30,2023-03-30,Unknown
21643,Euroclear,Twitter API,Twitter,CEO of SkyPoint Federal Credit Union in Maryland to retire #AAA Websites Euroclear Fintech https://t.co/5LTUixYPxJ #regtech,nan,CEO of SkyPoint Federal Credit Union in Maryland to retire #AAA Websites Euroclear Fintech https://t.co/5LTUixYPxJ #regtech,neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,True,English,"['SkyPoint Federal Credit Union', 'CEO', 'Maryland', 'Fintech', 'LTUixYPxJ', 'regtech', 'SkyPoint Federal Credit Union', 'CEO', 'Maryland', 'Fintech', 'LTUixYPxJ', 'regtech']",2023-03-30,2023-03-30,Unknown
21644,Euroclear,Twitter API,Twitter,@clemfon @julienchler the two big European custodians are Euroclear (Belgium) and Luxembourg (clearstream).   nothi… https://t.co/PEJZoNynx9,nan,@clemfon @julienchler the two big European custodians are Euroclear (Belgium) and Luxembourg (clearstream).   nothi… https://t.co/PEJZoNynx9,neutral,0.08,0.88,0.04,neutral,0.08,0.88,0.04,True,English,"['two big European custodians', 'clemfon', 'julienchler', 'Euroclear', 'Belgium', 'Luxembourg', 'PEJZoNynx9', 'two big European custodians', 'clemfon', 'julienchler', 'Euroclear', 'Belgium', 'Luxembourg', 'PEJZoNynx9']",2023-03-30,2023-03-30,Unknown
21645,Euroclear,Twitter API,Twitter,.@euroclear is working on a #DLT bond issuance and settlement platformPossibly for release this year according to… https://t.co/q5inW4Vn0u,nan,.@euroclear is working on a #DLT bond issuance and settlement platformPossibly for release this year according to… https://t.co/q5inW4Vn0u,neutral,0.07,0.93,0.01,neutral,0.07,0.93,0.01,True,English,"['settlement platform', 'euroclear', 'release', 'q5inW4Vn0u', 'settlement platform', 'euroclear', 'release', 'q5inW4Vn0u']",2023-03-30,2023-03-30,Unknown
21646,Euroclear,Twitter API,Twitter,UPDATE: A new DLT-based securities settlement platform could be live as soon as this year  a @EuroclearGroup staffe… https://t.co/Zv7CQLVCMY,nan,UPDATE: A new DLT-based securities settlement platform could be live as soon as this year  a @EuroclearGroup staffe… https://t.co/Zv7CQLVCMY,neutral,0.07,0.92,0.01,neutral,0.07,0.92,0.01,True,English,"['new DLT-based securities settlement platform', 'UPDATE', 'year', 'Zv7CQLVCMY', 'new DLT-based securities settlement platform', 'UPDATE', 'year', 'Zv7CQLVCMY']",2023-03-30,2023-03-30,Unknown
21647,Euroclear,Twitter API,Twitter,Euroclear May Launch Digital Bond Settlement Platform This Year  Staffer Says https://t.co/Xw9mFSpsTH,nan,Euroclear May Launch Digital Bond Settlement Platform This Year  Staffer Says https://t.co/Xw9mFSpsTH,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,True,English,"['Digital Bond Settlement Platform', 'Euroclear', 'Staffer', 'Digital Bond Settlement Platform', 'Euroclear', 'Staffer']",2023-03-30,2023-03-30,Unknown
21648,Euroclear,Twitter API,Twitter,JUST IN: Euroclear completes blockchain bond settlement platform.,nan,JUST IN: Euroclear completes blockchain bond settlement platform.,neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,True,English,"['blockchain bond settlement platform', 'JUST', 'Euroclear', 'blockchain bond settlement platform', 'JUST', 'Euroclear']",2023-03-30,2023-03-30,Unknown
21649,Euroclear,Twitter API,Twitter,💥EUROCLEAR FINALIZING DLT BOND SETTLEMENT PLATFORM THIS YEAR 🤯🤯🤯🤯🤯🤯🤯🤯💥https://t.co/NjqbQhFX7p https://t.co/OS1lsAvG5Q,nan,💥EUROCLEAR FINALIZING DLT BOND SETTLEMENT PLATFORM THIS YEAR 🤯🤯🤯🤯🤯🤯🤯🤯💥https://t.co/NjqbQhFX7p https://t.co/OS1lsAvG5Q,neutral,0.03,0.96,0.0,neutral,0.03,0.96,0.0,True,English,"['EUROCLEAR FINALIZING DLT BOND SETTLEMENT PLATFORM', 'OS1lsAvG5Q', 'EUROCLEAR FINALIZING DLT BOND SETTLEMENT PLATFORM', 'OS1lsAvG5Q']",2023-03-30,2023-03-30,Unknown
21650,Euroclear,Twitter API,Twitter,Euroclear Finalizing DLT Bond Settlement Platform  Staffer Says https://t.co/ySdEbUHuE2,nan,Euroclear Finalizing DLT Bond Settlement Platform  Staffer Says https://t.co/ySdEbUHuE2,neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,True,English,"['DLT Bond Settlement Platform', 'Euroclear', 'Staffer', 'DLT Bond Settlement Platform', 'Euroclear', 'Staffer']",2023-03-30,2023-03-30,Unknown
21651,Euroclear,Twitter API,Twitter,Euroclear Finalizing DLT Bond Settlement Platform  Staffer Says  https://t.co/BheYcJOSsrVia @CoinDesk… https://t.co/tNgUOV3Oh6,nan,Euroclear Finalizing DLT Bond Settlement Platform  Staffer Says  https://t.co/BheYcJOSsrVia @CoinDesk… https://t.co/tNgUOV3Oh6,neutral,0.09,0.9,0.01,neutral,0.09,0.9,0.01,True,English,"['DLT Bond Settlement Platform', 'Euroclear', 'Staffer', 'BheYcJOSsr', 'CoinDesk', 'DLT Bond Settlement Platform', 'Euroclear', 'Staffer', 'BheYcJOSsr', 'CoinDesk']",2023-03-30,2023-03-30,Unknown
21652,Deutsche Boerse,Bing API,https://www.crowdfundinsider.com/2023/03/204421-etc-group-to-offer-crypto-etp-bassed-on-an-msci-index/,ETC Group to Offer Crypto ETP Bassed on an MSCI index,The ETC Group MSCI Digital Assets Select 20 ETP is expected to list on Germany’s Deutsche Börse XETRA in April. According to ETC Group  the ETP will track the performance of the MSCI Global Digital Assets Select Top 20 Capped Index. The index ...,The ETC Group MSCI Digital Assets Select 20 ETP is expected to list on Germany’s Deutsche Börse XETRA in April. According to ETC Group  the ETP will track the performance of the MSCI Global Digital Assets Select Top 20 Capped Index. The index ...,neutral,0.0,0.99,0.0,neutral,0.0,0.99,0.0,True,English,"['ETC Group', 'Crypto ETP', 'MSCI index', 'The ETC Group MSCI Digital Assets', 'MSCI Global Digital Assets', 'Deutsche Börse XETRA', 'Top 20 Capped Index', '20 ETP', 'Germany', 'April', 'performance']",2023-03-30,2023-03-30,crowdfundinsider.com
21653,Deutsche Boerse,Bing API,https://www.theasset.com/article/48893/etc-group-to-launch-first-crypto-exchange-traded-product,ETC Group to launch first crypto exchange-traded product,ETC Group  a European provider of digital asset-backed securities  will list the first crypto exchange-traded product (ETP) based on an MSCI index. The ETC Group MSCI Digital Assets Select 20 ETP is expected to list in April on the Deutsche Börse XETRA.,ETC Group  a European provider of digital asset-backed securities  will list the first crypto exchange-traded product (ETP) based on an MSCI index. The ETC Group MSCI Digital Assets Select 20 ETP is expected to list in April on the Deutsche Börse XETRA.The ETP will track the performance of the MSCI Global Digital Assets Select Top 20 Capped Index. The index  which was developed by MSCI with ETC Group's input  was launched in early March  and represents the 20 leading digital assets. These include cryptocurrencies such as bitcoin (BTC)  ethereum (ETH)  and solana (SOL). Each individual constituent of the index is capped at a maximum of 30%. Stablecoins  privacy tokens and meme-coins are excluded from the index universe.Like other ETC Group products  the ETP will be physically backed and the underlying digital assets will be deposited in cold storage custody  in accordance with the index composition and weighting  the company says.Once listed  the ETC Group MSCI Digital Assets Select 20 ETP can be bought and sold like shares or exchange-traded funds via the regulated stock exchange. A standard securities account with a broker or bank is required.,neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,True,English,"['first crypto exchange-traded product', 'ETC Group', 'The ETC Group MSCI Digital Assets', 'Deutsche Börse XETRA', 'MSCI Global Digital Assets', 'other ETC Group products', 'first crypto exchange-traded product', '20 leading digital assets', 'underlying digital assets', 'digital asset-backed securities', 'cold storage custody', 'regulated stock exchange', 'standard securities account', 'Top 20 Capped Index', 'MSCI index', 'The ETP', 'exchange-traded funds', 'European provider', 'early March', 'individual constituent', 'privacy tokens', 'index universe', 'index composition', '20 ETP', 'April', 'performance', 'input', 'cryptocurrencies', 'bitcoin', 'BTC', 'ethereum', 'solana', 'maximum', 'Stablecoins', 'meme-coins', 'accordance', 'weighting', 'company', 'shares', 'broker', 'bank']",2023-03-29,2023-03-30,theasset.com
21654,Deutsche Boerse,Twitter API,Twitter,Join us tonight at 6.30pm for a curator tour of the Deutsche Börse Photography Foundation Prize exhibition  as part… https://t.co/3UbOkNObr6,nan,Join us tonight at 6.30pm for a curator tour of the Deutsche Börse Photography Foundation Prize exhibition  as part… https://t.co/3UbOkNObr6,neutral,0.07,0.91,0.02,neutral,0.07,0.91,0.02,True,English,"['Deutsche Börse Photography Foundation Prize exhibition', 'curator tour', '6.30pm', 'part', 'Deutsche Börse Photography Foundation Prize exhibition', 'curator tour', '6.30pm', 'part']",2023-03-30,2023-03-30,Unknown
21655,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/hybrid-software-group-plc-amendment-160000297.html,Hybrid Software Group PLC: Amendment to 2023 reporting calendar,PRESS RELEASE – REGULATED INFORMATION AMENDMENT TO 2023 REPORTING CALENDAR Cambridge (UK)  29 March 2023 (18:00 CEST): Hybrid Software Group (Euronext: HYSG)...,Hybrid Software GroupPRESS RELEASE – REGULATED INFORMATIONAMENDMENT TO 2023 REPORTING CALENDARCambridge (UK)  29 March 2023 (18:00 CEST): Hybrid Software Group (Euronext: HYSG) amends the date of publication of its annual report and financial statements for the year ending 31 December 2022 (“Annual Report”) to 12 April 2023.The amendment is necessary because the Company’s UK auditor  KPMG LLP  is waiting for the final stage of its accreditation from the Belgian Finance Ministry. As a consequence  the Company will now publish the Annual Report before the market opens on 12 April 2023.The reporting calendar for 2023 will now be:12 April 2023 Annual report and accounts for the year ending 31 December 20224 May 2023 Quarterly trading update for the quarter ending 31 March 202327 July 2023 Condensed consolidated financial statements for the six months ending 30 June 2023 26 October 2023 Quarterly trading update for the quarter and nine months ending 30 September 2023Pro forma financial highlights for the twelve months ended 31 December 2022Revenue for the year was €46.69 million (2021: €48.56 million)EBITDA for the year was €10.90 million  or 23% of revenue (2021: €12.21 million)Annual General MeetingDue to the unavoidable delay in releasing the Annual Report  the date of the annual general meeting (“AGM”) will be delayed by two weeks. The Company expects to hold its AGM on Wednesday 24 May 2023 in Cambridge  United Kingdom. The meeting’s timing  venue  and final agenda will be provided in accordance with applicable legal and regulatory provisions.About Hybrid Software GroupThrough its operating subsidiaries  Hybrid Software Group PLC (Euronext: HYSG) is a leading developer of enterprise software for industrial print manufacturing. Customers include press manufacturers such as HP  Canon  Durst  Roland  Hymmen  and hundreds of packaging printers  trade shops  and converters worldwide.Hybrid Software Group PLC is headquartered in Cambridge UK. Its subsidiary companies are colour technology experts ColorLogic  printing software developers Global Graphics Software  enterprise software developer HYBRID Software  3D design and modelling software developers iC3D  the industrial printhead driver solutions specialists  Meteor Inkjet and pre-press workflow developer Xitron.Story continuesContactsJoachim Van Hemelen Jill Taylor Chief Financial Officer Corporate Communications Director Tel: +32 494 62 89 43 Tel: +44 (0)1223 926489 joachimvh@hybridsoftware.groupJill.taylor@hybridsoftware.group,neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,negative,0.0,0.13,0.86,True,English,"['Hybrid Software Group PLC', '2023 reporting calendar', 'Amendment', 'Joachim Van Hemelen Jill Taylor Chief Financial Officer Corporate Communications Director', 'industrial printhead driver solutions specialists', 'Pro forma financial highlights', 'Jill.taylor', 'Hybrid Software Group PLC', 'consolidated financial statements', 'industrial print manufacturing', 'Belgian Finance Ministry', 'Quarterly trading update', 'colour technology experts', 'printing software developers', 'Global Graphics Software', 'modelling software developers', 'pre-press workflow developer', 'enterprise software developer', 'Annual General Meeting', 'leading developer', 'annual report', 'PRESS RELEASE', 'REGULATED INFORMATION', '2023 REPORTING CALENDAR', 'KPMG LLP', 'final stage', 'six months', 'nine months', 'twelve months', 'unavoidable delay', 'two weeks', 'United Kingdom', 'final agenda', 'applicable legal', 'regulatory provisions', 'operating subsidiaries', 'press manufacturers', 'packaging printers', 'trade shops', 'subsidiary companies', '3D design', 'Meteor Inkjet', 'UK auditor', 'Wednesday 24 May', 'The Company', 'Cambridge UK', 'AMENDMENT', '29 March', 'Euronext', 'HYSG', 'publication', 'year', '31 December', '12 April', 'accreditation', 'consequence', 'market', 'accounts', '31 March', 'July', '30 June', 'October', 'Revenue', 'EBITDA', 'AGM', 'timing', 'accordance', 'Customers', 'HP', 'Canon', 'Durst', 'Roland', 'Hymmen', 'hundreds', 'converters', 'ColorLogic', 'iC3D', 'Xitron', 'Story', 'Contacts', 'joachimvh', 'hybridsoftware', '32']",2023-03-29,2023-03-30,finance.yahoo.com
21656,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/already-more-20-000-customers-154500995.html,Already More than 20 000 Customers Signed Up for Switch™  Quadient's Secure Online Mail Platform for Small Businesses,Homepage Switch mail Screenshot of Switch online mail service Paris  March 29  2023 Quadient (Euronext Paris: QDT)  a leader in helping businesses create...,QUADIENTHomepage Switch mailScreenshot of Switch online mail serviceParis  March 29  2023Quadient (Euronext Paris: QDT)  a leader in helping businesses create meaningful customer connections through digital and physical channels  announces the growth of its digital mail business  supported by Switch™  a cloud-based platform for sending business mail online  replacing traditional document printing and mailing processes  as well as saving valuable time.Quadient continuously invests in mail management solutions for businesses of all sizes  leveraging innovation and digital solutions to enable compliancy  security  productivity and tracking of mail processes. Designed to help small businesses adopt new strategies for their transactional and marketing communications  Switch is a flexible  secure  and cost-effective service to optimize mail and package processing.More than 20 000 customers have already signed up at switchmail.com  an online mailing service that allows users to upload documents from a computer or mobile device  verify addresses  choose printing and mailing options  and track the entire automated mail process  all from a single platform.“At Quadient  we constantly innovate to meet the evolving needs of our clients  leveraging our long-time experience providing solutions for businesses small and large ” said Alain Fairise  chief solution officer  Mail-Related Solutions at Quadient. “Thanks to a simple user interface and seamless API integration  Switch is the ideal online solution for small mailers to securely process their critical mail and packages more efficiently. Additionally  Switch is a great alternative to PC postage because it removes the chore of having to manage paper  envelopes and postage.”With Switch  there are no subscriptions or long-term agreements required. Small businesses can send many letters at once to multiple recipients with Switch’s batch mail feature. Additionally  Switch offers API and Zapier integration to simplify and automate business mail at scale and to connect to popular third-party business applications. To learn more  visit switchmail.com.Story continuesFor more information on how Quadient helps businesses of all sizes improve their mail and parcel sending and receiving processes  visit mail.quadient.com.About Quadient®Quadient is the driving force behind the world’s most meaningful customer experiences. By focusing on three key solution areas  Intelligent Communication Automation  Parcel Locker Solutions and Mail-Related Solutions  Quadient helps simplify the connection between people and what matters. Quadient supports hundreds of thousands of customers worldwide in their quest to create relevant  personalized connections and achieve customer experience excellence. Quadient is listed in compartment B of Euronext Paris (QDT) and is part of the CAC® Mid & Small and EnterNext® Tech 40 indices.For more information about Quadient  visit quadient.com.ContactsJoe Scolaro  Quadient Sandy Armstrong  Sterling Kilgore Global Press Relations Manager Director of Media & Communications +1-866-883-4260 Ext. 1590 +1-630-699-8979 j.scolaro@quadient.com sarmstrong@sterlingkilgore.comAttachments,neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,positive,0.88,0.1,0.02,True,English,"['Secure Online Mail Platform', 'Small Businesses', 'More', '20,000 Customers', 'Switch™', 'Quadient', 'Sterling Kilgore Global Press Relations Manager Director', 'three key solution areas', 'popular third-party business applications', 'entire automated mail process', 'Switch online mail service', 'ideal online solution', 'chief solution officer', 'meaningful customer connections', 'simple user interface', 'meaningful customer experiences', 'Intelligent Communication Automation', 'relevant, personalized connections', 'EnterNext® Tech 40 indices', 'online mailing service', 'customer experience excellence', 'batch mail feature', 'traditional document printing', 'Parcel Locker Solutions', 'mail management solutions', 'seamless API integration', 'Quadient Sandy Armstrong', 'digital mail business', 'business mail', 'cost-effective service', 'long-time experience', 'Zapier integration', 'parcel sending', 'mailing processes', 'mail processes', 'mailing options', 'critical mail', 'digital solutions', 'Mail-Related Solutions', 'physical channels', 'cloud-based platform', 'valuable time', 'new strategies', 'package processing', 'switchmail.com', 'mobile device', 'single platform', 'evolving needs', 'Alain Fairise', 'great alternative', 'long-term agreements', 'many letters', 'multiple recipients', 'receiving processes', 'driving force', 'compartment B', 'CAC® Mid', 'small mailers', 'Euronext Paris', 'marketing communications', 'PC postage', 'Joe Scolaro', 'QUADIENT Homepage', 'small businesses', 'Switch™', 'Quadient®', 'Screenshot', 'March', 'QDT', 'leader', 'growth', 'sizes', 'innovation', 'compliancy', 'security', 'productivity', 'tracking', 'transactional', 'More', '20,000 customers', 'users', 'documents', 'computer', 'addresses', 'clients', 'large', 'packages', 'chore', 'paper', 'envelopes', 'subscriptions', 'scale', 'Story', 'information', 'world', 'people', 'hundreds', 'thousands', 'quest', 'Contacts', 'Media', 'Ext.', 'Attachments']",2023-03-29,2023-03-30,finance.yahoo.com
21657,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/spar-nord-issues-tier-2-124900035.html,Spar Nord issues Tier 2 capital,With reference to Company Announcement no. 19 of 28 March 2023  it is hereby announced that Spar Nord has entered into an agreement with a number of...,Spar Nord Bank A/SWith reference to Company Announcement no. 19 of 28 March 2023  it is hereby announced that Spar Nord has entered into an agreement with a number of professional investors to issue Tier 2 capital for an amount of DKK 400 million with a maturity of 11 April 2033 and with the option for the Bank to prepay the loan no sooner than 11 April 2028 (subject to regulatory approval).The Tier 2 capital (DK0030524277) will be issued with 11 April 2023 as the value date and will until 11 April 2028 have a floating coupon of 6m CIBOR plus 325 basis points. The notes will be listed on Euronext in Dublin.The issue was completed with Nykredit as arranger and Nykredit and Spar Nord Bank as Joint Bookrunners.Please direct any questions regarding this release to Rune Brandt Børglum  Head of Investor Relations  on tel. + 45 9634 4236  or by e-mail at rsn@sparnord.dk.Rune Brandt BørglumHead of Investor RelationsAttachments,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,neutral,0.0,0.99,0.0,True,English,"['Spar Nord issues', 'Tier 2 capital', 'Rune Brandt Børglum', 'Spar Nord Bank A/S', 'The Tier 2 capital', 'Investor Relations Attachments', 'Company Announcement', 'professional investors', 'regulatory approval', 'value date', 'floating coupon', '6m CIBOR', '325 basis points', 'Joint Bookrunners', 'sparnord.dk', 'reference', '28 March', 'agreement', 'number', 'amount', 'DKK', 'maturity', '11 April', 'option', 'loan', 'notes', 'Euronext', 'Dublin', 'issue', 'Nykredit', 'arranger', 'questions', 'release', 'Head', 'tel.', 'mail', 'rsn']",2023-03-29,2023-03-30,finance.yahoo.com
21658,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/hexagon-purus-asa-approval-publication-093000696.html,Hexagon Purus ASA: Approval and publication of prospectus and admission to trading on the Oslo Stock Exchange's main market,Reference is made to the announcement made by the Oslo Stock Exchange on 27 March 2023 regarding approval of the listing of the shares in Hexagon Purus ASA (...,"Hexagon Purus ASAReference is made to the announcement made by the Oslo Stock Exchange on 27 March 2023 regarding approval of the listing of the shares in Hexagon Purus ASA (the ""Company"") on the Oslo Stock Exchange's main market. The first day of trading of the Company’s shares on the Oslo Stock Exchange's main market is expected to be on or about 30 March 2023. Consequently  the last day of trading of the Company’s shares on Euronext Growth Oslo is expected to be today  29 March 2023.The Company has prepared a prospectus in connection with the listing of its shares on the Oslo Stock Exchange's main market. The prospectus was approved by the Norwegian Financial Supervisory Authority today  29 March 2023  and will be available at the Company's website www.hexagonpurus.com.For additional information  please contact:Mathias Meidell  Investor Relations Director  Hexagon PurusTelephone: +47 909 82 242 | mathias.meidell@hexagonpurus.comAbout Hexagon PurusHexagon Purus  a Hexagon Composites company  enables zero emission mobility for a cleaner energy future. The company is a world leading provider of hydrogen Type 4 high-pressure cylinders and systems  battery systems and vehicle integration solutions for fuel cell electric and battery electric vehicles. Hexagon Purus' products are used in a variety of applications including light  medium and heavy-duty vehicles  buses  ground storage  distribution  refueling  maritime  rail and aerospace.Learn more at www.hexagonpurus.com (http://www.hexagonpurus.com) and follow @HexagonPurus on Twitter and LinkedIn.This information is subject to the disclosure requirements pursuant to Section 5-12 the Norwegian Securities Trading Act",neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,True,English,"['Hexagon Purus ASA', 'Oslo Stock Exchange', 'main market', 'Approval', 'publication', 'prospectus', 'Norwegian Financial Supervisory Authority', 'hydrogen Type 4 high-pressure cylinders', 'Norwegian Securities Trading Act', 'Oslo Stock Exchange', 'Euronext Growth Oslo', 'Investor Relations Director', 'zero emission mobility', 'cleaner energy future', 'world leading provider', 'vehicle integration solutions', 'fuel cell electric', 'Hexagon Purus ASA', ""Hexagon Purus' products"", 'battery electric vehicles', 'Hexagon Composites company', 'heavy-duty vehicles', 'main market', 'first day', 'last day', 'battery systems', 'ground storage', 'disclosure requirements', 'additional information', 'Mathias Meidell', 'Reference', 'announcement', '27 March', 'approval', 'listing', 'shares', '30 March', 'The', 'prospectus', 'connection', 'website', 'Telephone', 'hexagonpurus', 'variety', 'applications', 'light', 'medium', 'buses', 'distribution', 'refueling', 'maritime', 'rail', 'aerospace', 'Twitter', 'LinkedIn', 'Section']",2023-03-29,2023-03-30,finance.yahoo.com
21659,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/beter-bed-holding-announces-agm-050000150.html,Beter Bed Holding announces AGM,Today  Beter Bed Holding N.V. (BBH) – the Netherlands’ largest sleep specialist in retail  wholesale and B2B – has published the notice and agenda for its...,Beter Bed Holding NVToday  Beter Bed Holding N.V. (BBH) – the Netherlands’ largest sleep specialist in retail  wholesale and B2B – has published the notice and agenda for its Annual General Meeting (AGM) to be held on Wednesday  10 May 2023. During the AGM  BBH will look back on the results achieved over 2022  and update the shareholders on the current developments.The agenda for the AGM and the notice are available on the Company’s website www.beterbedholding.com.About Beter Bed HoldingBeter Bed Holding (BBH) is the Netherlands’ leading sleep specialist in retail  wholesale and B2B.Our mission is simple. We believe that the better we sleep  the happier  healthier and more productive we are. And we won’t rest until everyone gets the high-quality sleep they deserve.Listed on Euronext Amsterdam  BBH operates the successful retail brands Beter Bed  Beddenreus  the new subscription brand Leazzzy and the digital organisation LUNEXT. In addition  through its subsidiary DBC International  BBH has a wholesale business in branded products in the bedroom furnishings sector  which includes the well-known international brands M line and Simmons.With 4 distribution centres  a fleet of 80 vehicles  131 stores  a fast-growing online presence  and a wholesale company our team of over 1 000 dedicated employees generated € 229.4 million revenue in 2022.Providing expert sleep advice is at the very heart of our strategy  and thanks to our revolutionary ‘Beter Slapen ID’ tool  our sleep consultants help customers to get the perfect night’s sleep. BBH is proud that M line is the official sleep supplier of AFC Ajax  TeamNL  Jumbo-Visma  NOC*NSF and the KNVB.For more informationPress enquiries: Uneke Dekkers / CFF CommunicationsT +31 (0)20 575 4010 or M +31 (0)6 50261626E uneke.dekkers@cffcommunications.nlFor the PDF of the press release please click on the link under attachment.Press photos can be downloaded here .Attachment,neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,mixed,0.72,0.16,0.12,True,English,"['Beter Bed Holding', 'AGM', 'revolutionary ‘Beter Slapen ID’ tool', 'Beter Bed Holding N.V.', 'Beter Bed Holding NV', 'Netherlands’ largest sleep specialist', 'Netherlands’ leading sleep specialist', 'Annual General Meeting', 'new subscription brand', 'bedroom furnishings sector', 'growing online presence', 'expert sleep advice', 'official sleep supplier', 'subsidiary DBC International', 'successful retail brands', 'international brands', 'high-quality sleep', 'sleep consultants', 'current developments', 'Euronext Amsterdam', 'digital organisation', 'branded products', 'M line', '4 distribution centres', '1,000 dedicated employees', '9.4 million revenue', 'perfect night', 'AFC Ajax', 'NOC*NSF', 'Press enquiries', 'Uneke Dekkers', 'CFF Communications', 'press release', 'Press photos', 'wholesale business', 'wholesale company', 'BBH', 'B2B', 'notice', 'agenda', 'AGM', 'Wednesday', 'May', 'results', 'shareholders', 'website', 'mission', 'everyone', 'Beddenreus', 'Leazzzy', 'LUNEXT.', 'addition', 'Simmons', 'fleet', '80 vehicles', '131 stores', 'team', 'heart', 'strategy', 'customers', 'Jumbo-Visma', 'KNVB.', 'information', 'cffcommunications', 'PDF', 'link', 'attachment', '2022']",2023-03-29,2023-03-30,finance.yahoo.com
21660,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/availability-preparatory-information-combined-shareholders-080000425.html,Availability of the preparatory information for the Combined Shareholders’ Meeting of May 11th 2023,Availability of the preparatory information for the Combined Shareholders’ Meeting of May 11th 2023 _PRESS RELEASE_ Paris  March 29th  2023 – The...,NexansAvailability of the preparatory information for the Combined Shareholders’ Meeting of May 11th 2023_PRESS RELEASE_Paris  March 29th  2023 – The shareholders of Nexans are informed that the Combined Shareholders’ Meeting will be held on May 11th  2023 at 2.30 p.m. at Palais des Congrès – salle Havane  2 place de la Porte Maillot  75017 Paris  France. The meeting will be broadcast live and be made available on the Company’s website.The prior notice of this meeting was published on March 29th  2023  on the official journal (Bulletin des Annonces Légales et Obligatoires). It includes the draft agenda and draft resolutions as well as the conditions for participating and voting at the Meeting.Documents and information related to this Shareholders’ Meeting are available to shareholders in accordance with applicable laws and regulations. They are available online on the Company’s website www.nexans.com.About NexansFor over a century  Nexans has played a crucial role in the electrification of the planet and is committed to electrifying the future. With around 28 000 people in 42 countries  the Group is leading the charge to the new world of electrification: safe  sustainable  renewable  decarbonized and accessible to everyone. In 2022  Nexans generated 6.7 billion euros in standard sales. The Group is a leader in the design and manufacturing of cable systems and services across five main business areas: Power Generation & Transmission  Distribution  Usages  Industry & Solutions and Telecom & Data. Nexans was the first company in its industry to create a Foundation supporting sustainable initiatives bringing access to energy to disadvantaged communities worldwide. The Group pledged to contribute to carbon neutrality by 2030.Nexans. Electrify the future.Nexans is listed on Euronext Paris  compartment A.For more information  please visit www.nexans.com www.nexans.comContacts:CommunicationEmmanuel Guinotemmanuel.guinot@nexans.comMaëllys LeosticTél.: +33 (0)7 87 04 96 58maellys.leostic@nexans.comInvestor relationsElodie Robbe-MouillotTél.: +33 (0)1 78 15 03 87elodie.robbe-mouillot@nexans.comStory continuesAttachment,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,positive,0.41,0.3,0.29,True,English,"['Combined Shareholders’ Meeting', 'preparatory information', 'Availability', 'May', 'Palais des Congrès', 'five main business areas', 'Maëllys Leostic', 'Annonces Légales', 'Combined Shareholders’ Meeting', 'Tél.', 'salle Havane', 'Porte Maillot', 'prior notice', 'official journal', 'draft agenda', 'draft resolutions', 'applicable laws', 'a century', 'crucial role', 'new world', '6.7 billion euros', 'standard sales', 'cable systems', 'Power Generation', 'sustainable initiatives', 'disadvantaged communities', 'carbon neutrality', 'compartment A.', 'Investor relations', 'The Group', 'May 11th', 'Emmanuel Guinot', 'Elodie Robbe-Mouillot', 'preparatory information', 'first company', 'Euronext Paris', '75017 Paris', 'Nexans', 'Availability', 'March', '2 place', 'France', 'website', 'Bulletin', 'Obligatoires', 'conditions', 'Documents', 'accordance', 'regulations', 'electrification', 'planet', 'future', '28,000 people', '42 countries', 'charge', 'everyone', 'leader', 'design', 'manufacturing', 'services', 'Transmission', 'Distribution', 'Usages', 'Industry', 'Telecom', 'Data', 'Foundation', 'access', 'energy', 'Contacts', 'Communication', 'Story', 'Attachment', '2.30']",2023-03-29,2023-03-30,finance.yahoo.com
21661,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/orange-publication-2022-universal-registration-165000666.html,Orange: Publication of the 2022 Universal Registration Document,On 29 March 2023  Orange filed its 2022 Universal Registration Document with the Autorité des Marchés Financiers (AMF) in France in ESEF format. The document...,"OrangeOn 29 March 2023  Orange filed its 2022 Universal Registration Document with the Autorité des Marchés Financiers (AMF) in France in ESEF format. The document includes the following information:the 2022 Annual Financial Report;the Report of the Board of Directors on Corporate Governance;the Consolidated Non-Financial Statement information on the next Combined Ordinary and Extraordinary Shareholders’ Meeting of 23 May 2023.The Registration Document is available to the public on Orange’s corporate website: https://www.orange.com/en/regulated-information .About OrangeOrange is one of the world’s leading telecommunications operators with sales of 43.5 billion euros in 2022 and 136 000 employees worldwide at 31 December 2022  including 75 000 employees in France. The Group has a total customer base of 287 million customers worldwide at 31 December 2022  including 242 million mobile customers and 24 million fixed broadband customers. The Group is present in 26 countries. Orange is also a leading provider of global IT and telecommunication services to multinational companies under the brand Orange Business. In February 2023  the Group presented its strategic plan ""Lead the Future""  built on a new business model and guided by responsibility and efficiency. ""Lead the Future"" capitalizes on network excellence to reinforce Orange's leadership in service quality.Orange is listed on Euronext Paris (symbol ORA) and on the New York Stock Exchange (symbol ORAN).For more information on the internet and on your mobile: www.orange.com   www.orange-business.com and the Orange News app or to follow us on Twitter: @orangegrouppr.Orange and any other Orange product or service names included in this material are trademarks of Orange or Orange Brand Services Limited.Press contacts:Tom Wright tom.wright@orange.com +33 6 78 91 35 11Attachment",neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,True,English,"['2022 Universal Registration Document', 'Orange', 'Publication', 'New York Stock Exchange', 'des Marchés Financiers', '24 million fixed broadband customers', 'Orange Brand Services Limited', 'Consolidated Non-Financial Statement', 'next Combined Ordinary', 'Extraordinary Shareholders’ Meeting', 'total customer base', 'new business model', 'leading telecommunications operators', '2022 Annual Financial Report', '242 million mobile customers', 'Orange News app', 'other Orange product', '2022 Universal Registration Document', '287 million customers', 'telecommunication services', 'leading provider', 'Orange Business', 'ESEF format', 'Corporate Governance', 'corporate website', '43.5 billion euros', 'global IT', 'multinational companies', 'strategic plan', 'network excellence', 'service quality', 'Euronext Paris', 'symbol ORAN', 'service names', 'Press contacts', 'Tom Wright', 'The Group', 'following information', '29 March', 'AMF', 'France', 'Board', 'Directors', '23 May', 'public', 'world', 'sales', '136,000 employees', '31 December', '75,000 employees', '26 countries', 'February', 'Future', 'responsibility', 'efficiency', 'leadership', 'internet', 'Twitter', 'orangegrouppr', 'material', 'trademarks', 'Attachment']",2023-03-29,2023-03-30,finance.yahoo.com
21662,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/dsm-delivery-shares-193000357.html,DSM - delivery of shares,Following the Offering Circular published on 22 November 2022  Royal DSM is required to announce transactions relating to the ordinary shares in its capital ...,This is a press release by Koninklijke DSM N.V. (Royal DSM)  pursuant to the provisions of Sections 13 paragraphs 1 and 2 of the Dutch Decree on Public Takeover Bids (Besluit openbare biedingen Wft) (the Decree) in connection with the public offer by Danube AG (to be renamed DSM-Firmenich AG) for all the issued and outstanding ordinary shares in the capital of DSM (the Exchange Offer). This press release does not constitute an offer  or any solicitation of any offer  to buy or subscribe for any securities. This press release is not for general release  publication or distribution  in whole or in part  in or into  directly or indirectly  the United States or any other jurisdiction where such release  publication or distribution would violate applicable laws or regulations.HEERLEN  Netherlands  March 29  2023 /PRNewswire/ -- Following the Offering Circular published on 22 November 2022  Royal DSM is required to announce transactions relating to the ordinary shares in its capital in accordance with the Dutch public offer rules. This includes the delivery of treasury shares to employees in view of settling the vesting of share units or the exercise of stock options.DSM Logo.Pursuant to commitments entered into prior to issuing the Offering Circular  DSM has on 29 March 2023 delivered 715 ordinary shares to employees in view of settling the exercise of an equivalent number of stock options granted under the respective DSM Incentive Plan (average exercise price €89.53). On the date hereof  the total number of issued and outstanding DSM ordinary shares is 173 186 732. As a consequence of the delivery included herein  the number of outstanding DSM ordinary shares increased by 0.0004%.DSMRoyal DSM is a global  purpose-led company in Health  Nutrition & Bioscience  applying science to improve the health of people  animals and the planet. DSM's purpose is to create brighter lives for all. DSM's products and solutions address some of the world's biggest challenges while simultaneously creating economic  environmental and societal value for all its stakeholders – customers  employees  shareholders  and society at large. The company was founded in 1902 and is listed on Euronext Amsterdam. More information can be found at www.dsm.com.Story continuesOr find us on:LinkedIn: http://www.linkedin.com/company/3108Twitter: http://www.twitter.com/DSMFacebook: http://www.facebook.com/DSMcompanyYouTube: http://www.youtube.com/user/dsmcompanyFor more informationDSM Media Relations Gareth Mead tel. +31 (0) 45 5782420 email media.contacts@dsm.com DSM Investor Relations Dave Huizing tel. +31 (0) 45 5782864 email investor.relations@dsm.comForward-looking statementsThis press release may contain forward-looking statements with respect to DSM's future (financial) performance and position. Such statements are based on current expectations  estimates and projections of DSM and information currently available to the company. DSM cautions readers that such statements involve certain risks and uncertainties that are difficult to predict and therefore it should be understood that many factors can cause actual performance and position to differ materially from these statements. DSM has no obligation to update the statements contained in this press release  unless required by law. The English language version of the press release is leading.Logo - https://mma.prnewswire.com/media/329419/dsm_logo.jpgCisionView original content:https://www.prnewswire.co.uk/news-releases/dsm---delivery-of-shares-301785016.html,neutral,0.02,0.98,0.0,mixed,0.41,0.19,0.39,True,English,"['DSM', 'delivery', 'shares', 'DSM Media Relations Gareth Mead', 'DSM Investor Relations Dave Huizing', 'Koninklijke DSM N.V.', 'respective DSM Incentive Plan', 'Dutch public offer rules', 'outstanding DSM ordinary shares', 'outstanding ordinary shares', 'Public Takeover Bids', 'English language version', 'future (financial) performance', 'average exercise price', 'global, purpose-led company', '715 ordinary shares', 'treasury shares', 'Dutch Decree', 'actual performance', 'Royal DSM', 'Sections 13 paragraphs', 'biedingen Wft', 'Danube AG', 'Exchange Offer', 'United States', 'other jurisdiction', 'applicable laws', 'Offering Circular', 'share units', 'stock options', 'brighter lives', 'biggest challenges', 'economic, environmental', 'societal value', 'Euronext Amsterdam', 'current expectations', 'many factors', 'original content', 'press release', 'general release', 'DSM Logo', 'equivalent number', 'total number', 'Forward-looking statements', 'Such statements', 'More information', 'provisions', 'connection', 'capital', 'solicitation', 'securities', 'publication', 'distribution', 'part', 'regulations', 'HEERLEN', 'Netherlands', '22 November', 'transactions', 'accordance', 'delivery', 'employees', 'view', 'vesting', 'commitments', '29 March', 'date', 'consequence', 'Health', 'Nutrition', 'Bioscience', 'people', 'animals', 'planet', 'products', 'solutions', 'world', 'stakeholders', 'customers', 'shareholders', 'society', 'Story', 'LinkedIn', 'Twitter', 'Facebook', 'DSMcompany', 'YouTube', 'position', 'estimates', 'projections', 'readers', 'risks', 'uncertainties', 'obligation', 'prnewswire', 'Cision', 'news-releases']",2023-03-29,2023-03-30,finance.yahoo.com
21663,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2023/03/29/2636971/0/en/Already-More-than-20-000-Customers-Signed-Up-for-Switch-Quadient-s-Secure-Online-Mail-Platform-for-Small-Businesses.html,Already More than 20 000 Customers Signed Up for Switch™  Quadient's Secure Online Mail Platform for Small Businesses,Paris  March 29  2023  Quadient (Euronext Paris: QDT)  a leader in helping businesses create meaningful customer connections through digital and...,English FrenchParis  March 29  2023Quadient (Euronext Paris: QDT)  a leader in helping businesses create meaningful customer connections through digital and physical channels  announces the growth of its digital mail business  supported by Switch™  a cloud-based platform for sending business mail online  replacing traditional document printing and mailing processes  as well as saving valuable time.Quadient continuously invests in mail management solutions for businesses of all sizes  leveraging innovation and digital solutions to enable compliancy  security  productivity and tracking of mail processes. Designed to help small businesses adopt new strategies for their transactional and marketing communications  Switch is a flexible  secure  and cost-effective service to optimize mail and package processing.More than 20 000 customers have already signed up at switchmail.com  an online mailing service that allows users to upload documents from a computer or mobile device  verify addresses  choose printing and mailing options  and track the entire automated mail process  all from a single platform.“At Quadient  we constantly innovate to meet the evolving needs of our clients  leveraging our long-time experience providing solutions for businesses small and large ” said Alain Fairise  chief solution officer  Mail-Related Solutions at Quadient. “Thanks to a simple user interface and seamless API integration  Switch is the ideal online solution for small mailers to securely process their critical mail and packages more efficiently. Additionally  Switch is a great alternative to PC postage because it removes the chore of having to manage paper  envelopes and postage.”With Switch  there are no subscriptions or long-term agreements required. Small businesses can send many letters at once to multiple recipients with Switch’s batch mail feature. Additionally  Switch offers API and Zapier integration to simplify and automate business mail at scale and to connect to popular third-party business applications. To learn more  visit switchmail.com.For more information on how Quadient helps businesses of all sizes improve their mail and parcel sending and receiving processes  visit mail.quadient.com.About Quadient®Quadient is the driving force behind the world’s most meaningful customer experiences. By focusing on three key solution areas  Intelligent Communication Automation  Parcel Locker Solutions and Mail-Related Solutions  Quadient helps simplify the connection between people and what matters. Quadient supports hundreds of thousands of customers worldwide in their quest to create relevant  personalized connections and achieve customer experience excellence. Quadient is listed in compartment B of Euronext Paris (QDT) and is part of the CAC® Mid & Small and EnterNext® Tech 40 indices.For more information about Quadient  visit quadient.com.ContactsJoe Scolaro  Quadient Sandy Armstrong  Sterling Kilgore Global Press Relations Manager Director of Media & Communications +1-866-883-4260 Ext. 1590 +1-630-699-8979 j.scolaro@quadient.com sarmstrong@sterlingkilgore.comAttachments,neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,positive,0.99,0.01,0.0,True,English,"['Secure Online Mail Platform', 'Small Businesses', 'More', '20,000 Customers', 'Switch™', 'Quadient', 'Sterling Kilgore Global Press Relations Manager Director', 'three key solution areas', 'popular third-party business applications', 'entire automated mail process', 'chief solution officer', 'ideal online solution', 'meaningful customer connections', 'simple user interface', 'meaningful customer experiences', 'Intelligent Communication Automation', 'relevant, personalized connections', 'EnterNext® Tech 40 indices', 'customer experience excellence', 'batch mail feature', 'traditional document printing', 'online mailing service', 'Parcel Locker Solutions', 'seamless API integration', 'mail management solutions', 'Quadient Sandy Armstrong', 'digital mail business', 'business mail', 'cost-effective service', 'long-time experience', 'Zapier integration', 'parcel sending', 'mailing processes', 'mailing options', 'mail processes', 'critical mail', 'digital solutions', 'Mail-Related Solutions', 'English French', 'physical channels', 'cloud-based platform', 'valuable time', 'new strategies', 'package processing', 'mobile device', 'single platform', 'evolving needs', 'Alain Fairise', 'great alternative', 'long-term agreements', 'many letters', 'multiple recipients', 'receiving processes', 'driving force', 'compartment B', 'CAC® Mid', 'small mailers', 'Euronext Paris', 'marketing communications', 'switchmail.com', 'PC postage', 'Joe Scolaro', 'small businesses', 'Quadient®', 'March', 'QDT', 'leader', 'growth', 'Switch™', 'sizes', 'innovation', 'compliancy', 'security', 'productivity', 'tracking', 'transactional', 'More', '20,000 customers', 'users', 'documents', 'computer', 'addresses', 'clients', 'large', 'packages', 'chore', 'paper', 'envelopes', 'subscriptions', 'scale', 'information', 'world', 'people', 'hundreds', 'thousands', 'quest', 'Contacts', 'Media', 'Ext.', 'Attachments']",2023-03-29,2023-03-30,globenewswire.com
21664,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/bghl-gbp-nav-053000297.html,BGHL (GBP): NAV(s),BOUSSARD & GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITED Ordinary Shares The Directors of Boussard & Gavaudan Holding Limited would like to announce the following information for...,"BOUSSARD AND GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITED (GBP)BOUSSARD & GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITEDOrdinary SharesThe Directors of Boussard & Gavaudan Holding Limited would like to announce the following information for the Company.Close of business 28 Mar 2023.Estimated NAVEuro Shares Sterling Shares Estimated NAV € 26.6798 £ 23.5481 Estimated MTD return -2.22 % -2.11 % Estimated YTD return -3.92 % -3.60 % Estimated ITD return 166.80 % 135.48 %NAV and returns are calculated net of management and performance feesMarket informationEuro Shares Amsterdam (AEX) London (LSE) Market Close € 21.60 N/A Premium/discount to estimated NAV -19.04 % N/A Sterling Shares Amsterdam (AEX) London (LSE) Market Close N/A GBX 1 900.00 Premium/discount to estimated NAV N/A -19.31 %Transactions in own securities purchased into treasuryOrdinary Shares Euro Shares Sterling Shares Number of shares N/A N/A Average Price N/A N/A Range of Price N/A N/ALiquidity Enhancement Agreement Euro Shares Sterling Shares Number of shares N/A N/A Average Price N/A N/ABGHL CapitalBGHL Ordinary Shares Euro Shares Sterling Shares Shares Outstanding 12 296 208 126 294 Held in treasury 850 N/A Shares Issued 12 297 058 126 294Estimated BG Fund NAVClass B Euro Shares (estimated) € 234.3676 Class GBP A Shares (estimated) £ 125.6624The Class B Euro Shares of BG Fund are not subject to investment manager fees  as the Investment Manager receives management fees and performance fees in respect of its role as Investment Manager of BGHL.For further information please contact:Boussard & Gavaudan Investment Management  LLP.Emmanuel Gavaudan +44 (0) 20 3751 5389 Email : info@bgam-uk.comStory continuesThe Company is established as a closed-ended investment company domiciled in Guernsey. The Company has received the necessary approval of the Guernsey Financial Services Commission and the States of Guernsey Policy Council. The Company is registered with the Dutch Authority for the Financial Markets as a collective investment scheme pursuant to article 2:73 in conjunction with 2:66 of the Dutch Financial Supervision Act (Wet op het financieel toezicht). The shares of the Company (the ""Shares"") are listed on Euronext Amsterdam. The Shares are also listed on the Official List of the UK Listing Authority and admitted to trading on the London Stock Exchange plc's main market for listed securities.This is not an offer to sell or a solicitation of any offer to buy any securities in the United States or in any other jurisdiction. This announcement is not intended to and does not constitute  or form part of  any offer or invitation to purchase any securities or the solicitation of any vote or approval in any jurisdiction  nor shall there be any sale  issuance or transfer of the securities referred to in this announcement in any jurisdiction in contravention of applicable law.Neither the Company nor BG Fund ICAV has been  and neither will be  registered under the US Investment Company Act of 1940  as amended (the ""Investment Company Act""). In addition the securities referenced in this announcement have not been and will not be registered under the US Securities Act of 1933  as amended (the ""Securities Act""). Consequently any such securities may not be offered  sold or otherwise transferred within the United States or to  or for the account or benefit of  US persons except in accordance with the Securities Act or an exemption therefrom and under circumstances which will not require the issuer of such securities to register under the Investment Company Act. No public offering of any securities will be made in the United States.You should always bear in mind that:all investment is subject to risk;results in the past are no guarantee of future results;the investment performance of BGHL may go down as well as up. You may not get back all of your original investment; andif you are in any doubt about the contents of this communication or if you consider making an investment decision  you are advised to seek expert financial advice.This communication is for information purposes only and the information contained in this communication should not be relied upon as a substitute for financial or other professional advice.Attachment",neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,negative,0.0,0.16,0.84,True,English,"['BGHL', 'GBP', 'NAV', 'A Liquidity Enhancement Agreement Euro Shares Sterling Shares', 'The Class B Euro Shares', 'BGHL Ordinary Shares Euro Shares', 'GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITED Ordinary Shares', 'Class GBP A Shares', 'A N/A Average Price', 'London Stock Exchange plc', 'N/A Sterling Shares Amsterdam', 'Guernsey Financial Services Commission', 'Dutch Financial Supervision Act', 'Sterling Shares Shares', 'Euro Shares Amsterdam', 'A N/A Range', 'US Investment Company Act', 'expert financial advice', 'Guernsey Policy Council', 'collective investment scheme', 'UK Listing Authority', 'other professional advice', 'BG Fund ICAV', 'Gavaudan Investment Management', 'closed-ended investment company', 'US Securities Act', 'investment manager fees', 'BG Fund NAV', '850 N/A Shares', 'The Shares', 'Dutch Authority', 'Emmanuel Gavaudan', 'N/A GBX', 'Euronext Amsterdam', 'US persons', 'Financial Markets', 'The Directors', 'The Company', 'investment performance', 'original investment', 'investment decision', 'NAV N/A', 'performance fees', 'BGHL Capital', 'management fees', 'MTD return', 'YTD return', 'ITD return', 'financieel toezicht', 'Official List', 'applicable law', 'public offering', 'other jurisdiction', 'United States', 'following information', 'information purposes', 'necessary approval', 'main market', 'future results', 'listed securities', 'Market information', 'BOUSSARD', 'business', 'returns', 'AEX', 'LSE', 'Transactions', 'treasury', 'Number', 'respect', 'role', 'LLP.', 'Email', 'Story', 'article', 'conjunction', 'solicitation', 'announcement', 'part', 'invitation', 'vote', 'sale', 'issuance', 'transfer', 'contravention', 'addition', 'account', 'benefit', 'accordance', 'exemption', 'circumstances', 'issuer', 'mind', 'risk', 'past', 'guarantee', 'doubt', 'contents', 'communication', 'substitute', 'Attachment']",2023-03-29,2023-03-30,finance.yahoo.com
21665,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/dsm-quantifies-impact-delivering-healthier-050000780.html,DSM quantifies impact on delivering a healthier future for people  planet and livelihoods,Royal DSM  a global purpose-led science-based company  reveals the first audited results of its progress in helping to address urgent societal and...,"HEERLEN  Netherlands  March 29  2023 /PRNewswire/ -- Royal DSM  a global purpose-led science-based company  reveals the first audited results of its progress in helping to address urgent societal and environmental challenges linked to how the world produces and consumes food.DSM Logo.In the first full year since announcing a series of ambitious  measurable  long-term food system commitments  DSM's initial findings provide a benchmark by which to measure improvement between now and 2030 as the company seeks to ensure accessible  affordable  healthy nutrition along with healthy livelihoods within planetary boundaries.DSM's food system commitments cover areas where the company believes it can make the greatest positive impact and support the UN Sustainable Development Goals 2  3  12 and 13.DSM is one of the first companies in the consumer ingredients sector to make its societal impact explicit  with KPMG providing the highest possible assurance opinion for non-financial data on the 2022 conclusions:Health for PeopleClosing the micronutrient gap of 642 million vulnerable people in 2022Through the fortification for staple foods  public health initiatives  and emergency relief supplements  DSM helped millions of society's most vulnerable  many of whom are mothers and children with special nutritional needs. Working with partners including the World Food Program  UNICEF and Sight and Life  DSM will extend its impact as it targets helping to close the micronutrient gap of 800 million people by 2030.Supporting the immunity of 321 million people in 2022DSM's vitamin C and D solutions  used in multivitamin and straight supplements  supported the immune systems of almost a third of a billion people worldwide in 2022. The company continues to educate and inform about the vital role of micronutrients for a well-functioning immune system as it aims to support 500 million people by 2030.Health for PlanetEnabling a marked reduction in on-farm livestock emissions in 2022DSM's animal feed solutions mean its customers can reduce farm emissions  including ammonia from swine farming (by 20.0%); phosphorus eutrophication from poultry farming (by 6.8%); and greenhouse gases in dairy production (by 20.5%). By investing in scientifically- and economically-proven innovations such as feed enzymes and eubiotics  including VevoVitall® and Digestarom® as well as its methane inhibitor Bovaer®  which gained various regulatory approvals around the world during 2022  DSM targets double-digit reductions by 2030.Story continuesReaching 62 million people with plant-based foods in 2022With DSM's growing range of plant-based food ingredients  the company enabled its customers to serve millions of people wanting nutritious  delicious  and sustainably produced meat  dairy and fish alternatives in 2022. DSM launched the Vertis™ range in December  including the world's first textured vegetable protein that is a complete protein  soy-free and gluten-free  as it targets reaching 150 million people by 2030.Healthy LivelihoodsSupporting the livelihoods of more than 60 000 smallholder farmers in 2022Through its Africa Improved Foods joint venture and with partners including World Vision  DSM helped to maintain and improve the livelihoods of farmers across Rwanda and Sub-Saharan Africa. DSM is now developing new activities in greater Africa  Latin America and South East Asia as it aims to reach 500 000 smallholders by 2030.More information on DSM's food system commitments  including how the results were determined  can be found here.Geraldine Matchett and Dimitri de Vreeze  DSM Co-CEOs  commented: ""The initial results are humbling – millions of people around the world already benefit from DSM's scientific expertise and manufacturing prowess – but also make clear there is much more to be done. The way food is produced and consumed currently contributes to major global challenges  such as climate change  malnutrition and poverty. Urgent change is needed. Quantifying our impact provides a robust benchmark from which we can work towards our 2030 ambitions. We can now reassess if any targets can be revised upwards and  together with our partners  do even more to ensure accessible  affordable  healthy nutrition and healthy livelihoods within our planet's boundaries.""DSMRoyal DSM is a global  purpose-led company in Health  Nutrition & Bioscience  applying science to improve the health of people  animals and the planet. DSM's purpose is to create brighter lives for all. DSM's products and solutions address some of the world's biggest challenges while simultaneously creating economic  environmental and societal value for all its stakeholders – customers  employees  shareholders  and society at large. The company was founded in 1902 and is listed on Euronext Amsterdam. More information can be found at www.dsm.com.Or find us on:LinkedIn: http://www.linkedin.com/company/3108Twitter: http://www.twitter.com/DSMFacebook: http://www.facebook.com/DSMcompanyYouTube: http://www.youtube.com/user/dsmcompanyFor more informationDSM Media Relations Gareth Mead tel. +31 (0) 45 5782420 email media.contacts@dsm.com DSM Investor Relations Dave Huizing tel. +31 (0) 45 5782864 email investor.relations@dsm.comForward-looking statementsThis press release may contain forward-looking statements with respect to DSM's future (financial) performance and position. Such statements are based on current expectations  estimates and projections of DSM and information currently available to the company. DSM cautions readers that such statements involve certain risks and uncertainties that are difficult to predict and therefore it should be understood that many factors can cause actual performance and position to differ materially from these statements. DSM has no obligation to update the statements contained in this press release  unless required by law. The English language version of the press release is leading.Logo - https://mma.prnewswire.com/media/329419/dsm_logo.jpgCisionView original content:https://www.prnewswire.co.uk/news-releases/dsm-quantifies-impact-on-delivering-a-healthier-future-for-people-planet-and-livelihoods-301783237.html",neutral,0.37,0.63,0.0,mixed,0.48,0.3,0.23,True,English,"['healthier future', 'DSM', 'impact', 'people', 'planet', 'livelihoods', 'ambitious, measurable, long-term food system commitments', 'UN Sustainable Development Goals', 'highest possible assurance opinion', 'first textured vegetable protein', 'accessible, affordable, healthy nutrition', 'global purpose-led science-based company', 'functioning immune system', 'first full year', 'consumer ingredients sector', 'special nutritional needs', 'various regulatory approvals', 'South East Asia', 'Dimitri de Vreeze', 'major global challenges', 'global, purpose-led company', 'emergency relief supplements', 'plant-based food ingredients', 'Foods joint venture', 'first audited results', 'farm livestock emissions', 'greatest positive impact', 'animal feed solutions', 'public health initiatives', 'World Food Program', '642 million vulnerable people', 'first companies', 'farm emissions', 'complete protein', 'plant-based foods', 'straight supplements', 'immune systems', 'feed enzymes', 'healthy livelihoods', 'environmental challenges', 'staple foods', 'biggest challenges', 'urgent societal', 'initial findings', 'non-financial data', 'micronutrient gap', 'vitamin C', 'a third', 'vital role', 'marked reduction', 'swine farming', 'phosphorus eutrophication', 'poultry farming', 'greenhouse gases', 'proven innovations', 'methane inhibitor', 'double-digit reductions', 'growing range', 'nutritious, delicious', 'fish alternatives', 'Vertis™ range', 'new activities', 'Latin America', 'More information', 'Geraldine Matchett', 'initial results', 'scientific expertise', 'manufacturing prowess', 'climate change', 'Urgent change', 'brighter lives', 'economic, environmental', 'societal value', 'Euronext Amsterdam', 'information D', '800 million people', '321 million people', '500 million people', '62 million people', '150 million people', 'societal impact', 'billion people', 'Sub-Saharan Africa', 'greater Africa', 'planetary boundaries', 'dairy production', '60,000 smallholder farmers', 'robust benchmark', 'World Vision', 'Royal DSM', 'DSM Logo', 'DSM Co-CEOs', 'HEERLEN', 'Netherlands', 'PRNewswire', 'progress', 'series', 'improvement', 'areas', 'KPMG', '2022 conclusions', 'fortification', 'millions', 'society', 'mothers', 'children', 'partners', 'UNICEF', 'Sight', 'Life', 'immunity', 'multivitamin', 'micronutrients', 'customers', 'ammonia', 'eubiotics', 'VevoVitall', 'Digestarom', 'Bovaer', 'Story', 'meat', 'December', 'Rwanda', '500,000 smallholders', 'way', 'malnutrition', 'poverty', '2030 ambitions', 'targets', 'Bioscience', 'animals', 'products', 'stakeholders', 'employees', 'shareholders', 'LinkedIn', 'Twitter', 'Facebook', 'DSMcompany', 'YouTube', '20.0']",2023-03-29,2023-03-30,finance.yahoo.com
21666,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/etc-group-launch-first-digital-071100741.html,ETC Group to Launch the First Digital Asset ETP Based on an MSCI INDEX,ETC GROUP TO LAUNCH THE FIRSTDIGITAL ASSET ETP BASED ON AN MSCI INDEX This is the first crypto ETP to launch based on an MSCI index The ETP will track the...,"ETC GroupETC GROUP TO LAUNCH THE FIRSTDIGITAL ASSET ETP BASED ON AN MSCI INDEXThis is the first crypto ETP to launch based on an MSCI indexThe ETP will track the performance of the MSCI Global Digital Assets Select Top 20 Capped Index  with quarterly rebalancingThe ETC Group MSCI Digital Assets Select 20 ETP is expected to list as early as April on Deutsche Börse Xetra under its planned primary ticker “DA20”The ETP will be physically-backed  with digital assets kept in cold storage custody29 March  2023. London  UK - ETC Group ( www.etc-group.com )  Europe’s leading provider of digital asset-backed securities  has announced today that it will list the first crypto ETP based on an MSCI index. The ETC Group MSCI Digital Assets Select 20 ETP is expected to list on Germany’s Deutsche Börse XETRA in April.The ETP will track the performance of the MSCI Global Digital Assets Select Top 20 Capped Index. The index  which was developed by MSCI with ETC Group's input  was launched in early March this year  and represents the 20 leading digital assets. These currently include cryptocurrencies such as Bitcoin (BTC)  Ethereum (ETH)  and Solana (SOL). Each individual constituent of the index is capped at a maximum of 30 percent. Stablecoins  privacy tokens and meme-coins  are excluded from the index universe.Like other ETC Group products  the ETP will be physically-backed and the underlying digital assets will be deposited in cold storage custody  in accordance with the index composition and weighting.Tim Bevan  Co-CEO and Founder of ETC Group  commented  “We are very proud to issue this new benchmark ETP. Tracking twenty constituents  this is the first genuine broad market index ETP in this exciting new asset class providing the ideal asset allocation tool to investors.”Bradley Duke  Co-CEO and Founder added  ""This product signals the evolution of ETC Group’s product offering from single asset access products toward products that provide investment management solutions while retaining the same uncompromising standards in quality and investor security.”Story continuesStephane Mattatia  Head of Thematic Indexes at MSCI said  “The digital assets ecosystem is evolving rapidly and investor demand for access to this new asset class is growing. MSCI Digital Assets Indexes are developed with a systematic and process-oriented approach to help global investors gain transparency into this long-term  disruptive trend and enable them to make better investment decisions.”The ETC Group MSCI Digital Assets Select 20 ETP can  once listed  be bought and sold like shares or ETFs via the regulated stock exchange. All that is required is a standard securities account with a broker or bank. Liquidity in trading of the ETPs is ensured by authorised participants and market makers.Cryptocurrencies are highly volatile  and your capital is at risk.Information contained in this press release is not  and under no circumstances is to be construed as  an advertisement or any other step in furtherance of a public offering to retail investors in the United Kingdom  or a public offering in the United States or Canada  or any state  province or territory thereof  where neither the issuer nor its products are authorised or registered for distribution or sale and where no prospectus of the issuer has been filed with any securities regulator. Full Disclaimer: https://bit.ly/etcdisc- ENDS -Notes for EditorsAbout ETC Group ( www.etc-group.com )ETC Group has been created to provide investors with the tools to access the investment opportunities of the digital assets' and blockchain ecosystem. The company develops innovative digital asset-backed securities including ETC Group Physical Bitcoin (BTCE) and ETC Group Physical Ethereum (ZETH) which are listed on European exchanges including XETRA  Euronext  SIX  AQUIS UK and Wiener Börse.With a track record of over three years  ETC Group is made up of an exceptional team of financial services professionals and entrepreneurs with experience spanning both digital assets and regulated markets. With product quality and safety at the core of our product creation approach  we aim to continuously launch best-in-class institutional-grade exchange traded products.As a company  we have previously launched the world’s first centrally cleared Bitcoin exchange traded product on Deutsche Börse XETRA  the largest ETF trading venue in Europe  and have also launched Europe´s first Metaverse ETF together with HANetf.Trading InformationProduct Primary listing exchange Primary ticker ISIN ETC Group MSCI Digital Assets Select 20 ETP (Expected)Deutsche Börse XETRA (Expected)DA20 (Expected)DE000A3G3ZL3 ETC Group Physical Bitcoin Deutsche Börse XETRABTCE DE000A27Z304 ETC Group Physical Ethereum Deutsche Börse XETRAZETH DE000A3GMKD ETC Group Physical Litecoin Deutsche Börse XETRAELTC DE000A3GN5J9 ETC Group Physical Polkadot Deutsche Börse XETRA PLKA DE000A3GVKX6 ETC Group Physical Cardano Deutsche Börse XETRA RDAN DE000A3GVKY4 ETC Group Physical Solana Deutsche Börse XETRA ESOL DE000A3GVKZ1 ETC Group Physical Polygon Deutsche Börse XETRA MTCE DE000A3GWNP ETC Group Physical XRP Deutsche Börse XETRA GXRP DE000A3GYNB0The product list including all exchange listings and trading information is available at https://etc-group.com/products/.Contact index@etc-group.com for any product related inquiries.Media Contact:Sam Sheltonsam@finchpr.comCOHESION BUREAUFrank SchwarzT +49 611 580 2929 0frank.schwarz@cohesionbureau.comAttachment",neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,mixed,0.49,0.02,0.48,True,English,"['First Digital Asset ETP', 'ETC Group', 'MSCI INDEX', 'ZETH DE000A3GMKD ETC Group Physical Litecoin Deutsche Börse XETRA', 'ETC Group Physical Polkadot Deutsche Börse XETRA PLKA', 'ETC Group Physical Cardano Deutsche Börse XETRA RDAN', 'ETC Group Physical Bitcoin Deutsche Börse XETRA BTCE', 'ETC Group Physical Solana Deutsche Börse XETRA', 'ETC Group Physical Ethereum Deutsche Börse XETRA', 'Trading Information Product Primary listing exchange Primary ticker', 'ISIN ETC Group MSCI Digital Assets', 'The ETC Group MSCI Digital Assets', 'first genuine broad market index ETP', 'Bitcoin exchange traded product', 'Wiener Börse', 'largest ETF trading venue', 'institutional-grade exchange traded products', 'ideal asset allocation tool', 'other ETC Group products', 'MSCI Global Digital Assets', 'MSCI Digital Assets Indexes', 'innovative digital asset-backed securities', 'exciting new asset class', 'single asset access products', 'underlying digital assets', '20 leading digital assets', 'digital assets ecosystem', 'regulated stock exchange', 'first Metaverse ETF', 'AN MSCI INDEX', 'cold storage custody', 'same uncompromising standards', 'long-term, disruptive trend', 'standard securities account', 'financial services professionals', 'product creation approach', 'Top 20 Capped Index', 'new benchmark ETP', 'first crypto ETP', 'investment management solutions', 'The ETP', 'market makers', 'product offering', 'Thematic Indexes', 'other step', 'securities regulator', 'global investors', 'product quality', 'leading provider', 'index universe', 'index composition', 'process-oriented approach', 'blockchain ecosystem', 'regulated markets', 'investment decisions', 'investment opportunities', 'quarterly rebalancing', 'individual constituent', 'privacy tokens', 'Tim Bevan', 'twenty constituents', 'Bradley Duke', 'investor security', 'Stephane Mattatia', 'investor demand', 'authorised participants', 'press release', 'public offering', 'United Kingdom', 'United States', 'Full Disclaimer', 'European exchanges', 'track record', 'three years', 'exceptional team', 'early March', 'retail investors', 'AQUIS UK', '20 ETP', '29 March', 'LAUNCH', 'performance', 'April', 'DA20', 'London', 'Germany', 'input', 'cryptocurrencies', 'maximum', '30 percent', 'Stablecoins', 'meme-coins', 'accordance', 'weighting', 'Co-CEO', 'Founder', 'evolution', 'Story', 'Head', 'systematic', 'transparency', 'shares', 'ETFs', 'broker', 'bank', 'Liquidity', 'ETPs', 'capital', 'risk', 'circumstances', 'advertisement', 'furtherance', 'Canada', 'province', 'territory', 'issuer', 'distribution', 'sale', 'prospectus', 'ENDS', 'Notes', 'Editors', 'tools', 'company', 'Euronext', 'SIX', 'entrepreneurs', 'experience', 'safety', 'core', 'world', 'HANetf', 'ELTC']",2023-03-29,2023-03-30,finance.yahoo.com
21667,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/bghl-eur-nav-053000471.html,BGHL (EUR): NAV(s),BOUSSARD & GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITED Ordinary Shares The Directors of Boussard & Gavaudan Holding Limited would like to announce the following information for...,"BOUSSARD AND GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITED (EUR)BOUSSARD & GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITEDOrdinary SharesThe Directors of Boussard & Gavaudan Holding Limited would like to announce the following information for the Company.Close of business 28 Mar 2023.Estimated NAVEuro Shares Sterling Shares Estimated NAV € 26.6798 £ 23.5481 Estimated MTD return -2.22 % -2.11 % Estimated YTD return -3.92 % -3.60 % Estimated ITD return 166.80 % 135.48 %NAV and returns are calculated net of management and performance feesMarket informationEuro Shares Amsterdam (AEX) London (LSE) Market Close € 21.60 N/A Premium/discount to estimated NAV -19.04 % N/A Sterling Shares Amsterdam (AEX) London (LSE) Market Close N/A GBX 1 900.00 Premium/discount to estimated NAV N/A -19.31 %Transactions in own securities purchased into treasuryOrdinary Shares Euro Shares Sterling Shares Number of shares N/A N/A Average Price N/A N/A Range of Price N/A N/ALiquidity Enhancement Agreement Euro Shares Sterling Shares Number of shares N/A N/A Average Price N/A N/ABGHL CapitalBGHL Ordinary Shares Euro Shares Sterling Shares Shares Outstanding 12 296 208 126 294 Held in treasury 850 N/A Shares Issued 12 297 058 126 294Estimated BG Fund NAVClass B Euro Shares (estimated) € 234.3676 Class GBP A Shares (estimated) £ 125.6624The Class B Euro Shares of BG Fund are not subject to investment manager fees  as the Investment Manager receives management fees and performance fees in respect of its role as Investment Manager of BGHL.For further information please contact:Boussard & Gavaudan Investment Management  LLP.Emmanuel Gavaudan +44 (0) 20 3751 5389 Email : info@bgam-uk.comStory continuesThe Company is established as a closed-ended investment company domiciled in Guernsey. The Company has received the necessary approval of the Guernsey Financial Services Commission and the States of Guernsey Policy Council. The Company is registered with the Dutch Authority for the Financial Markets as a collective investment scheme pursuant to article 2:73 in conjunction with 2:66 of the Dutch Financial Supervision Act (Wet op het financieel toezicht). The shares of the Company (the ""Shares"") are listed on Euronext Amsterdam. The Shares are also listed on the Official List of the UK Listing Authority and admitted to trading on the London Stock Exchange plc's main market for listed securities.This is not an offer to sell or a solicitation of any offer to buy any securities in the United States or in any other jurisdiction. This announcement is not intended to and does not constitute  or form part of  any offer or invitation to purchase any securities or the solicitation of any vote or approval in any jurisdiction  nor shall there be any sale  issuance or transfer of the securities referred to in this announcement in any jurisdiction in contravention of applicable law.Neither the Company nor BG Fund ICAV has been  and neither will be  registered under the US Investment Company Act of 1940  as amended (the ""Investment Company Act""). In addition the securities referenced in this announcement have not been and will not be registered under the US Securities Act of 1933  as amended (the ""Securities Act""). Consequently any such securities may not be offered  sold or otherwise transferred within the United States or to  or for the account or benefit of  US persons except in accordance with the Securities Act or an exemption therefrom and under circumstances which will not require the issuer of such securities to register under the Investment Company Act. No public offering of any securities will be made in the United States.You should always bear in mind that:all investment is subject to risk;results in the past are no guarantee of future results;the investment performance of BGHL may go down as well as up. You may not get back all of your original investment; andif you are in any doubt about the contents of this communication or if you consider making an investment decision  you are advised to seek expert financial advice.This communication is for information purposes only and the information contained in this communication should not be relied upon as a substitute for financial or other professional advice.Attachment",neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,negative,0.0,0.16,0.84,True,English,"['BGHL', 'EUR', 'NAV', 'A Liquidity Enhancement Agreement Euro Shares Sterling Shares', 'The Class B Euro Shares', 'BGHL Ordinary Shares Euro Shares', 'Class GBP A Shares', 'A N/A Average Price', 'London Stock Exchange plc', 'N/A Sterling Shares Amsterdam', 'Guernsey Financial Services Commission', 'Dutch Financial Supervision Act', 'Euro Shares Amsterdam', 'Sterling Shares Shares', 'A N/A Range', 'US Investment Company Act', 'GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITED', 'expert financial advice', 'Guernsey Policy Council', 'collective investment scheme', 'UK Listing Authority', 'other professional advice', 'BG Fund ICAV', 'closed-ended investment company', 'US Securities Act', 'Gavaudan Investment Management', 'investment manager fees', 'BG Fund NAV', '850 N/A Shares', 'The Shares', 'Dutch Authority', 'N/A GBX', 'Euronext Amsterdam', 'US persons', 'Emmanuel Gavaudan', 'Financial Markets', 'The Directors', 'The Company', 'investment performance', 'original investment', 'investment decision', 'NAV N/A', 'performance fees', 'BGHL Capital', 'management fees', 'MTD return', 'YTD return', 'ITD return', 'financieel toezicht', 'Official List', 'applicable law', 'public offering', 'other jurisdiction', 'United States', 'following information', 'information purposes', 'necessary approval', 'main market', 'future results', 'listed securities', 'Market information', 'BOUSSARD', 'business', 'returns', 'AEX', 'LSE', 'Transactions', 'treasury', 'Number', 'respect', 'role', 'LLP.', 'Email', 'Story', 'article', 'conjunction', 'solicitation', 'announcement', 'part', 'invitation', 'vote', 'sale', 'issuance', 'transfer', 'contravention', 'addition', 'account', 'benefit', 'accordance', 'exemption', 'circumstances', 'issuer', 'mind', 'risk', 'past', 'guarantee', 'doubt', 'contents', 'communication', 'substitute', 'Attachment']",2023-03-29,2023-03-30,finance.yahoo.com
21668,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/seed-group-onboards-italian-sustainable-083900203.html,Seed Group onboards Italian sustainable AI start-up Datrix,Seed Group  a company of the Private Office of Sheikh Saeed bin Ahmed Al Maktoum  has announced a strategic partnership with Datrix S.p.A.  a company listed ...,"DUBAI  UAE and MILAN  March 29  2023 /PRNewswire/ -- Seed Group  a company of the Private Office of Sheikh Saeed bin Ahmed Al Maktoum  has announced a strategic partnership with Datrix S.p.A.  a company listed on the Italian Stock Market  with an aim to revolutionise the thriving artificial intelligence (AI) industry in the UAE and the Middle East.From left to right: Andrea Ronchi  Head of UAE Market at Datrix; Fabrizio Milano D’Aragona  Co-Founder & CEO of Datrix; Hisham Al Gurg  CEO of Seed Group and the Private Office of Sheikh Saeed bin Ahmed Al Maktoum; Mauro Arte  Co-founder and COO of Datrix; Prof. Enrico Zio  Scientific Director of DatrixDatrix specialises in sustainable AI methodologies and solutions for the data-driven growth of companies  and the partnership between Seed Group and Datrix aims to combine their strengths to drive innovation and growth in the region. Datrix is a leader in the development of augmented analytics solutions and services based on AI and machine learning models to improve the efficiency of cross-industry business management and physical processes.As part of the partnership  Seed Group will provide Datrix with the guidance it needs to reach the right audience and access top decision-makers in the government and private sectors. The partnership will also help Datrix contribute to bringing the latest technological innovations to the UAE and the Middle East region  in the wake of the estimated 14 percent impact of AI growth on the UAE's GDP by 2023.Commenting on the partnership  Hisham Al Gurg  CEO of Seed Group  said  ""We are excited to partner with Datrix and contribute to the growth of the AI industry in the region. Especially given the fact that the potential impact of AI on the Middle East by 2030 is predicted to reach over US$320 billion. Datrix's expertise in sustainable AI solutions will complement our existing capabilities and help us deliver more value to our clients.""""We are honoured to have Seed Group as a strategic partner. The Middle East market and  in particular  the UAE market  characterised today by strong economic growth and a rapid wave of innovation  represent an extraordinary expansion opportunity for our AI services  and this partnership will allow us to accelerate this process "" comments Fabrizio Milano D'Aragona  CEO of Datrix.Story continues""In our vision  artificial intelligence is a powerful means to an end  always aimed at measurable results in terms of cost efficiency  maximising business performance  and mitigating risks. This becomes more valuable on complex projects and in challenging sectors with significant importance in the Middle East  such as oil and gas  energy  utilities  construction  infrastructure  and large industrial hubs "" explains Andrea Ronchi  Head of Datrix UAE Market.The partnership between Seed Group and Datrix is expected to drive growth and innovation in the AI industry in the UAE and the Middle East region. Both companies are committed to delivering sustainable solutions and driving positive change in the region  while Seed Group helps us expand our presence in the region and delivers innovative solutions to businesses in the region.Seed Group is a notable force in the technology  healthcare  hospitality  and telecommunications landscapes in the Middle East. Over the past 20 years  it has formed successful strategic alliances with leading global companies representing diverse regions to accelerate sustainable market entry and presence within the Gulf Cooperation Council countries.About DatrixDatrix is a group of tech companies listed on the Italian Stock Market that develop sustainable artificial intelligence solutions (augmented analytics and machine learning models) for data-driven company growth. Datrix's solutions add measurable value because they collect data from internal and external sources  integrate it  look for correlations  uncover valuable insights and operational information  and suggest actions with efficiency as a goal.The Group is active in four business areas:Machine Learning Model Serving develops descriptive  predictive  and prescriptive data science models to maximise the efficiency of industrial and management processes; AI for Marketing and Sales develops artificial intelligence solutions to increase the marketing and sales performance of companies; AI for Data Monetization applies artificial intelligence to data collected by companies in compliance with privacy regulations  turning it into economic value for them; AI for FinTech develops solutions using unconventional alternative data to improve the performance of institutional and private investors in stock selection  identification of innovative investment themes  and ESG scoring.Since 2019  Datrix has also accelerated its growth path through acquisitions in Italy and abroad. The following companies are now part of the Datrix SpA Group: 3rdPlace Srl  FinScience Srl  ByTek Srl  Paperlit Srl  Datrix US Inc.  and Adapex Inc. With the acquisition of the company Aramis and the merger of expertise with 3rdPlace  the new player Aramix was born in 2023  reinforcing the machine learning and model serving areas. Through its subsidiaries  Datrix is a technology partner of international consortia for major R&D projects in finance  biomedicine  and cybersecurity  funded by the European Union and Italy and based on artificial intelligence algorithms.Datrix operates through four offices in Italy (Milan  Rome  Cagliari and Viterbo)  one in Dubai and one in the United States. Read more at www.datrixgroup.com/en/ .About Seed GroupOver the past 20 years  Seed Group has formed strategic alliances with leading global companies representing diverse regions and industries. These companies have propelled their business interests and goals in the Middle East and North Africa region through the support and strong base of regional connections of the Seed Group. The Group's goal is to create mutually beneficial partnerships with multinational organisations and to accelerate their sustainable market entry and presence within the MENA region. Seed Group has been a key point in the success of all its partners in the region helping them reach their target customers and accelerate their businesses. The Private Office was established by Sheikh Saeed bin Ahmed Al Maktoum to directly invest in or assist potential business opportunities in the region  which meet the Private Office's criteria. For more information  visit www.seedgroup.com .Datrix Media ContactInvestor RelationsGiuseppe Venezia+39 0276281064Francesca CoccoLerxi Consultingir@datrixgroup.comPress OfficeSpriano Communication & PartnersMatteo Russo+39 3479834881mrusso@sprianocommunication.comJacopo Ghirardi+39 3337139257ufficiostampa@sprianocommunication.comEuronext Growth Advisor: AlantraStefano Bellavita+39 0263671601stefano.bellavita@alantra.comSeed Group Media ContactNomarie Jean Lacsamana+97143735068jean@seedgroup.comPhoto - https://mma.prnewswire.com/media/2042997/Seed_Group_Datrix.jpgCisionView original content to download multimedia:https://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/seed-group-onboards-italian-sustainable-ai-start-up-datrix-301784372.htmlSOURCE Seed Group; Datrix",neutral,0.04,0.96,0.0,positive,0.79,0.2,0.01,True,English,"['Italian sustainable AI start-up', 'Seed Group', 'Datrix', 'Sheikh Saeed bin Ahmed Al Maktoum', 'thriving artificial intelligence (AI) industry', 'Fabrizio Milano D’Aragona', ""Fabrizio Milano D'Aragona"", 'Gulf Cooperation Council countries', 'Machine Learning Model Serving', 'prescriptive data science models', 'Datrix S.p.A.', 'sustainable artificial intelligence solutions', 'The Middle East market', 'Hisham Al Gurg', 'machine learning models', 'Prof. Enrico Zio', 'latest technological innovations', 'extraordinary expansion opportunity', 'sustainable market entry', 'four business areas', 'Italian Stock Market', 'innovative investment themes', 'successful strategic alliances', 'unconventional alternative data', 'cross-industry business management', 'sustainable AI methodologies', 'large industrial hubs', 'leading global companies', 'strong economic growth', 'augmented analytics solutions', 'sustainable AI solutions', 'Datrix US Inc.', 'Middle East region', 'Datrix SpA Group', 'data-driven company growth', 'Datrix UAE Market', 'sustainable solutions', 'AI industry', 'The Group', 'innovative solutions', 'stock selection', 'management processes', 'Adapex Inc', 'data-driven growth', 'strategic partner', 'business performance', 'Data Monetization', 'economic value', 'Seed Group', 'Private Office', 'Andrea Ronchi', 'Mauro Arte', 'Scientific Director', 'physical processes', 'right audience', 'top decision-makers', 'private sectors', '14 percent impact', 'potential impact', 'existing capabilities', 'rapid wave', 'powerful means', 'measurable results', 'complex projects', 'challenging sectors', 'significant importance', 'positive change', 'notable force', 'telecommunications landscapes', 'past 20 years', 'diverse regions', 'external sources', 'valuable insights', 'operational information', 'privacy regulations', 'private investors', 'ESG scoring', 'FinScience Srl', 'ByTek Srl', 'Paperlit Srl', 'new player', 'AI growth', 'growth path', 'measurable value', 'AI services', '3rdPlace Srl', 'following companies', 'cost efficiency', 'sales performance', 'partnership', 'DUBAI', 'aim', 'left', 'Head', 'Founder', 'CEO', 'strengths', 'leader', 'development', 'guidance', 'government', 'wake', 'GDP', 'fact', 'expertise', 'clients', 'Story', 'vision', 'end', 'terms', 'risks', 'oil', 'gas', 'energy', 'utilities', 'construction', 'infrastructure', 'presence', 'businesses', 'technology', 'healthcare', 'hospitality', 'internal', 'correlations', 'actions', 'goal', 'Marketing', 'compliance', 'FinTech', 'institutional', 'identification', 'acquisitions', 'Italy', 'Aramis', 'merger', 'Aramix']",2023-03-29,2023-03-30,finance.yahoo.com
21669,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/SOGECLAIR-S-A-5081/news/Sogeclair-confirms-its-eligibility-for-the-PEA-PME-share-saving-scheme-and-indicates-its-dididend-43371040/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230329,Sogeclair: confirms its eligibility for the PEA-PME share saving scheme  and indicates its dididend payment date,(marketscreener.com) SOGECLAIR CONFIRMS ITS ELIGIBILITY FOR THE PEA-PME SHARE SAVING SCHEME  AND INDICATES ITS DIVIDEND PAYMENT DATE Blagnac  France  and Montreal  Canada  29th March 2023 at 5.35 pm - SOGECLAIR   supplier of innovative solutions with high add…,SOGECLAIR CONFIRMS ITS ELIGIBILITY FOR THE PEA-PME SHARE SAVING SCHEME  AND INDICATES ITS DIVIDEND PAYMENT DATEBlagnac  France  and Montreal  Canada  29th March 2023 at 5.35 pm - SOGECLAIR (Euronext: SOG)  supplier of innovative solutions with high added value for a safer and less-consuming mobility  confirms that it meets all the eligibility criteria for the PEA-PME (small and medium-size enterprise share saving scheme) specified by Article L.221-32-2 of the French Monetary and Financial Code  ie: market capitalization lower than €1 billion  headcount lower than 5 000 employees  annual turnover lower than €1.5 billion or a total balance sheet lower than €2 billion. These eligibility criteria are assessed on the basis of the consolidated accounts of SOGECLAIR on 31st December 2022  taking into account its subsidiaries.Consequently  SOGECLAIR shares can be fully integrated into PEA-PME accounts.The dividend of €0.90 gross per share  announced on 15th March 2023 (press release on the 2022 Annual Results)  will be submitted for approval to the General Meeting to be held on 11th May 2023  it would be paid on 17th May 2023. The detachment of the coupon would take place on 15th May 2023.Next announcement: turnover for Q1 2023  on May 03th 2023 after closing of the Stock MarketAbout SOGECLAIRSupplier of innovative  high added-value solutions for safer and more efficient mobility  SOGECLAIR brings its skills in high-quality engineering and production to a broad range of cutting-edge sectors  notably aeronautics  space  vehicle  rail and defense. Supporting its customers and partners from the design and simulation stages through to the end of the product’s lifetime  all along the production chain through to entry into service  the collaborators are working worldwide to offer a high quality  proximity service to all its customers.SOGECLAIR is listed on Euronext Paris – Compartment C – Indice Euronext® Family Business -Code ISIN: FR0000065864 / (Reuters SCLR.PA – Bloomberg SOG.FP)Contacts: Philippe ROBARDEY  President & CEO / Olivier PEDRON  Chief Officer Operating / +33(0)5 61 71 70 33Press contact: Louise-Marie Thabard / SOGECLAIR Communication / louise-marie.thabard@sogeclair.com / +336 75 95 12 20Attachment,neutral,0.41,0.58,0.01,positive,0.55,0.44,0.01,True,English,"['PEA-PME share saving scheme', 'dididend payment date', 'Sogeclair', 'eligibility', 'medium-size enterprise share saving scheme', 'PEA-PME SHARE SAVING SCHEME', 'Indice Euronext® Family Business', 'innovative, high added-value solutions', 'high added value', 'DIVIDEND PAYMENT DATE', 'total balance sheet', 'Chief Officer Operating', 'innovative solutions', 'PEA-PME accounts', 'Euronext Paris', '29th March', 'less-consuming mobility', 'Article L.', 'French Monetary', 'market capitalization', 'consolidated accounts', '31st December', '15th March', 'press release', '2022 Annual Results', 'General Meeting', 'Next announcement', 'Stock Market', 'efficient mobility', 'high-quality engineering', 'broad range', 'cutting-edge sectors', 'simulation stages', 'Compartment C', 'Reuters SCLR', 'Philippe ROBARDEY', 'Olivier PEDRON', 'Press contact', '11th May', '17th May', '15th May', 'eligibility criteria', 'Financial Code', 'annual turnover', 'production chain', 'proximity service', 'Bloomberg SOG', 'Louise-Marie Thabard', 'SOGECLAIR CONFIRMS', 'SOGECLAIR shares', 'SOGECLAIR Communication', 'THE', 'Blagnac', 'France', 'Montreal', 'Canada', 'supplier', 'safer', 'small', 'headcount', '5,000 employees', 'basis', 'subsidiaries', 'approval', 'detachment', 'coupon', 'place', 'Q1', 'closing', 'skills', 'aeronautics', 'space', 'vehicle', 'rail', 'defense', 'customers', 'partners', 'design', 'lifetime', 'entry', 'collaborators', 'ISIN', 'FP', 'Contacts', 'President', 'CEO', 'Attachment', '5.35']",2023-03-29,2023-03-30,marketscreener.com
21670,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/GAROFALO-HEALTH-CARE-S-P-47103079/news/GHC-Shareholders-Meeting-call-notice-and-additional-documentation-for-ordinary-Shareholders-Meeti-43368808/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230329,GHC: Shareholders' Meeting call notice and additional documentation for ordinary Shareholders' Meeting of April 28  2023 made available,(marketscreener.com)    Press Release    GAROFALO HEALTH CARE S.P.A.: SHAREHOLDERS' MEETING CALL NOTICE AND ADDITIONAL DOCUMENTATION FOR ORDINARY SHAREHOLDERS' MEETING OF APRIL 28  2023 MADE AVAILABLE   Rome  March 29  2023 - Garofalo Health Care S.…,"Press ReleaseGAROFALO HEALTH CARE S.P.A.: SHAREHOLDERS' MEETING CALL NOTICE AND ADDITIONAL DOCUMENTATION FOR ORDINARY SHAREHOLDERS' MEETING OF APRIL 28  2023 MADE AVAILABLERome  March 29  2023 - Garofalo Health Care S.p.A. (""GHC"")  listed on the Euronext STAR Milan segment of Borsa Italiana  announces that the Shareholders' Meeting has been scheduled for April 28  2023  at the time of 15PM  in single call  at the registered office of the Company in Rome  Piazzale delle Belle Arti No. 6  according to the manner indicated in the Call Notice published today.The Call Notice and the Illustrative Reports of the Board of Directors on the matters on the agenda  with the related resolution proposals  have been made available at the registered office  on the authorised storage mechanism eMarket STORAGE (www.emarketstorage.com) and on the Company website (www.garofalohealthcare.com  Governance/Shareholders' Meeting section).Information on the amount of the share capital  the proxy/sub-proxy form pursuant to article 135-novies of the Legislative Decree of 24 February 1998  n. 58 (""TUF"") and the proxy form and voting instructions to the Designated Representative pursuant to article 135-undecies of the TUF were made available to the public today at the registered office and on the Company's websitewww.garofalohealthcare.com  section Governance/Shareholders' Meeting.The additional documentation regarding the Shareholders' Meeting will be made available to the public in accordance with law.The extract of the call notice of the Shareholders' Meeting was also published on March 29  2023 in the IlSole24Ore daily newspaper.* * *The GHC GroupThe GHC Group  listed on the Euronext STAR segment of the Italian Stock Exchange  is an Italian accredited private healthcare leader operating through 32 healthcare clinics demonstrating excellence  located in Italy's strongest regions and offering a comprehensive range of services covering all areas of healthcare thanks to diversified specialties  the use of cutting-edge technologies and highly-qualified personnel. The Group in fact operates across eight regions in Northern and Central Italy (Piedmont  Lombardy  Veneto  Friuli-Venezia Giulia  Emilia Romagna  Liguria  Tuscany and Lazio)  covering in the hospital sector acute admissions  long-term care  post-acute rehabilitations and outpatient services (the ""Hospital Sector"")  and in the social services and dependency care sector covering residential admissions and district outpatient services (the ""Regional and Social-Care Sector"").* * *FOR FURTHER DETAILS:Garofalo Health Care S.p.A. Mimmo Nesi - Investor RelatorTel. +39 06 68489231 - ir@garofalohealthcare.com Website: www.garofalohealthcare.comPress OfficeBarabino & PartnersMaximilian Parboni - m.parboni@barabino.it Tel. +39 335 8304078Giuseppe Fresa - g.fresa@barabino.it Tel. +39 348 5703197Garofalo Health Care S.p.A. - Capitale Sociale: Euro 31.570.000 i.v. REA: Roma n. 947074 - P.IVA 03831150366 - C.F. 06103021009Sede Legale: Piazzale delle Belle Arti  6 - 00196 Roma - Centralino 06 684891 1",neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,neutral,0.02,0.98,0.0,True,English,"[""Shareholders' Meeting call notice"", ""ordinary Shareholders' Meeting"", 'additional documentation', 'GHC', 'April', 'GAROFALO HEALTH CARE S.P.A.', 'Italian accredited private healthcare leader', 'Piazzale delle Belle Arti', 'Euronext STAR Milan segment', 'Euronext STAR segment', 'dependency care sector', 'Italian Stock Exchange', ""SHAREHOLDERS' MEETING CALL NOTICE"", 'related resolution proposals', 'IlSole24Ore daily newspaper', 'The GHC Group', 'district outpatient services', 'P.IVA', ""Governance/Shareholders' Meeting section"", 'long-term care', 'The Group', '32 healthcare clinics', 'single call', 'hospital sector', 'Social-Care Sector', 'Press Release', 'ADDITIONAL DOCUMENTATION', 'Borsa Italiana', 'registered office', 'Illustrative Reports', 'share capital', 'proxy/sub-proxy form', 'Legislative Decree', 'voting instructions', 'Designated Representative', 'strongest regions', 'comprehensive range', 'diversified specialties', 'cutting-edge technologies', 'qualified personnel', 'eight regions', 'Friuli-Venezia Giulia', 'Emilia Romagna', 'acute admissions', 'post-acute rehabilitations', 'social services', 'residential admissions', 'FURTHER DETAILS', 'Mimmo Nesi', 'Investor Relator', 'Press Office', 'Giuseppe Fresa', 'Capitale Sociale', 'C.F', 'Sede Legale', 'storage mechanism', 'Central Italy', 'Maximilian Parboni', 'Company website', 'APRIL', 'Rome', 'time', '15PM', 'manner', 'Board', 'Directors', 'matters', 'agenda', 'garofalohealthcare', 'Information', 'amount', 'article', '24 February', 'TUF', 'public', 'websitewww', 'accordance', 'law', 'extract', 'March', 'excellence', 'areas', 'fact', 'Northern', 'Piedmont', 'Lombardy', 'Veneto', 'Liguria', 'Tuscany', 'Lazio', 'Regional', 'Tel.', 'Barabino', 'Partners', 'Centralino']",2023-03-29,2023-03-30,marketscreener.com
21671,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/VAN-DE-VELDE-NV-6022/news/Van-de-Velde-Acquisition-of-treasury-shares-43371447/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230329,Van de Velde : Acquisition of treasury shares,(marketscreener.com)   29.03.2023 - 18h00 Regulated information   Acquisition of treasury shares   In order to reduce the excess cash of the company the Board of Directors of Van de Velde NV proceeded with the purchase of shares on the market of Euron…,29.03.2023 - 18h00 Regulated informationAcquisition of treasury sharesIn order to reduce the excess cash of the company the Board of Directors of Van de Velde NV proceeded with the purchase of shares on the market of Euronext Brussels. The following treasury shares have been acquired during the period of 20 March 2023 until and including 28 March 2023:Transaction Date Number of shares Average price Minimum price Maximum price (€/share) (€/share) (€/share) 20/03/2023 2.499 34 98 34 65 35 30 21/03/2023 1.000 35 93 35 90 35 95 22/03/2023 2.453 36 08 36 00 36 20 23/03/2023 1.250 36 35 36 25 36 40 24/03/2023 2.034 36 29 36 15 36 50 27/03/2023 3.809 36 22 35 95 36 50 28/03/2023 3.500 35 70 35 40 35 95Total number of shares = 16.545. Average price = 35 90 €/share. Total amount = 593.991 75 €.The authorization to acquire own shares was granted to the Board of Directors on 27 April 2022 during the extraordinary meeting of shareholder.On 28 March 2023  430.534 own shares are held by Van de Velde NV  including the 11 000 shares that were already purchased in the context of a stock option plan. This represents 3 2 per cent of the total number of shares of Van de Velde NV.Van de Velde creates fashionable lingerie of superior quality with its premium  complementary brands PrimaDonna  Marie Jo and Andres Sarda. We believe in 'Shaping the bodies and minds of women': we want to make a difference in women's lives with our beautiful and perfectly fitting lingerie  by lifting their self-confidence and self-image. For us  an impeccable in-store service is key  an approach which we have consolidated in our Lingerie Styling Concept.We work in close partnership with 3 600 independent lingerie boutiques worldwide. In addition  we have our own retail network with retail brands Rigby & Peller and Lincherie. Our geographical center of gravity is Europe and North America. Van de Velde employs almost 1 500 employees and is listed on Euronext Brussels.CONTACTSFor more information  contact:Van de Velde NV - Lageweg 4 - 9260 Schellebelle - +32 (0)9 365 21 00 - www.vandevelde.euKarel Verlinde CommV always represented by Karel VerlindeChief Executive OfficerVan de Velde NV - Lageweg 4 - 9260 Schellebelle - Belgium - T. +32 9 365 21 00 -www.vandevelde.eu- info@vandevelde.eu,neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,positive,0.8,0.19,0.01,True,English,"['Van de Velde', 'treasury shares', 'Acquisition', 'Chief Executive Officer Van de Velde NV', 'Average price Minimum price', 'stock option plan', 'premium, complementary brands', 'Lingerie Styling Concept', '3,600 independent lingerie boutiques', 'Karel Verlinde CommV', 'following treasury shares', 'Maximum price', 'fashionable lingerie', 'fitting lingerie', 'retail brands', 'excess cash', 'Euronext Brussels', 'Transaction Date', 'Total amount', 'extraordinary meeting', '3,2 per cent', 'superior quality', 'Marie Jo', 'Andres Sarda', 'store service', 'close partnership', 'retail network', 'geographical center', 'North America', 'Total number', 'Regulated information', '11,000 shares', 'Acquisition', 'order', 'company', 'Board', 'Directors', 'purchase', 'market', 'period', '20 March', '28 March', 'authorization', '27 April', 'shareholder', 'context', 'PrimaDonna', 'bodies', 'minds', 'women', 'difference', 'lives', 'beautiful', 'perfectly', 'self-confidence', 'self-image', 'impeccable', 'approach', 'addition', 'Rigby', 'Peller', 'Lincherie', 'gravity', 'Europe', '1,500 employees', 'CONTACTS', 'Lageweg', '9260 Schellebelle', 'Belgium', 'T.', '0.534', '32']",2023-03-29,2023-03-30,marketscreener.com
21672,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/more-half-canadians-road-safety-133000827.html,More than half of Canadians say that road safety should be among the top five priorities for government to address in their community,As more Canadians are concerned about road safety  more also want to make it a key priority to address in their communities.,"That's a key finding from a national survey conducted by Ipsos for Parachute  Canada's national charity dedicated to injury prevention  and supported by Desjardins as part of their joint commitment to Vision Zero road safety initiatives.TORONTO  March 29  2023 /CNW/ - As more Canadians are concerned about road safety  more also want to make it a key priority to address in their communities.Parachute commissioned this national road safety survey conducted by Ipsos with support from Transport Canada and Desjardins Insurance. (CNW Group/Parachute)Since Parachute conducted a road safety survey in 2021  fewer Canadians (39 vs 46 per cent) believe our roads are safe  with 22 per cent – up seven per cent from 2021 – rating them ""not safe."" The remainder (39 per cent in each survey period) ranked our roads ""somewhat safe "" with 54 per cent ranking road safety as a top five priority to be addressed in their community.One road safety measure above all others now receives more support in 2023 than in 2021: 28 per cent now agree with the statement ""speed limits are too high and should be lowered"" vs 22 per cent in 2021. In a ranking of effectiveness of strategies to improve road safety  reducing speed limits was the only strategy with increased support  up six percentage points from 46 to 52 per cent.In 2023  the survey added questions about equity issues related to road safety. And while there is a strong agreement that roads should be shared by everyone  such as drivers  pedestrians  cyclists (64 per cent)  only around one-third (36 per cent) of Canadians agree that roads in their community are well equipped to serve people who live with any type of disability. Moreover  few Canadians (36 per cent) recognize that marginalized communities  such as those with low socio-economic status  ethnic and visible minorities  have less access to safe roads than other groups.The survey also reveals that more people believe driver behaviour change and law enforcement are more important to preventing injuries on our roads than changes in infrastructure. Two-thirds think that addressing driver behaviours would have a stronger positive impact on road safety to prevent collisions  injuries and deaths on roads than addressing road design. Four out of five top safety measures that respondents want to see implemented in their communities are about police checking and arresting for impaired driving  speeding and distracted driving.Story continuesThat being said  when asked  unprompted  what would improve road safety in their communities  28 per cent of respondents said road and infrastructure changes  up from 10 per cent in 2021 and the most common answer to this question.""It's encouraging to see growing public support to address serious injury and deaths on our roads  as well as for reduced speed limits  as an effective way to prevent crashes and reduce the harm that occurs when a vehicle driver hits a vulnerable road user such as a pedestrian or cyclist "" says Pamela Fuselli  President and CEO of Parachute. ""While improved driver behaviour and law enforcement to curb dangerous behaviour are important  what's critical and most effective is an approach that addresses how our vehicles  roads and communities are designed and built. For that to happen  we need governments at all levels to prioritize policies that support a Vision Zero approach of system-wide design and practices and fund the implementation of these policies  while ensuring equity for all neighbourhoods regardless of their socio-economic status  to lessen the severity of collisions and prevent serious injury and death.""Over the past two years  there have some troubling attitude changes.On a wide variety of measures  a growing minority agree with the following attitudes that negatively affect road safety:Driving fast is fun (25 per cent agree vs 22 per cent in 2021)Cyclists don't belong on the road (32 per cent agree vs 30 per cent in 2021)And fewer agree with these behaviours that positively affect road safety:It's unacceptable to use hands-free phone while driving (78 per cent agree vs 84 per cent in 2021)Drivers should take extra precautions around cyclists (85 per cent agree vs 90 per cent in 2021)For drivers  associations of texting  taking stimulants  aggressive driving and using cannabis as dangerous behaviour have softened since 2021. Each of these are still seen as dangerous by three-quarters or more.Fewer Canadians feel that not using a seatbelt in the rear seat of a vehicle is dangerous (72 per cent) compared to not using a seatbelt in the front seat (83 per cent). In fact  more passengers say they haven't used a seatbelt in the back seat (27 per cent) compared to the front seat (15 per cent).Partners of Parachute since 2008  Desjardins Insurance is a strong supporter of the Vision Zero mandate in order to help Canadians stay safe on our roads.""The need for preventative road safety solutions has never been more prevalent  almost daily  we are hearing of fatal collisions and risky driving behaviours "" says Valérie Lavoie  President and Chief Operating Officer  Desjardins General Insurance Group. ""Road safety Is a shared responsibility  and we must hold ourselves and each other accountable. As a leading Insurer  we know the Importance of education and prevention to help reduce Injuries and fatalities on the road  which Is why we are strong supporters of Vision Zero and continue to work closely with Parachute to see positive change on the road.""About the surveyThese are findings from a 16-minute online survey that Ipsos conducted between February 10 to 17  2023 on behalf of Parachute.The survey was conducted among 1 000 adult Canadian residents  with a teen boost of 101 Canadians between the ages of 16 and 17. Quotas and weighting  via age  gender and region were employed to ensure that the sample's composition reflects that of the Canadian population according to census parameters [for all Canadians of legal driving age. (16+).]The precision of online polls is measured using a credibility interval. In this case the results are considered accurate to within +/- 3.4percentage points  19 times out of 20  of what the results would have been had all Canadian aged 16+ been surveyed. The credibility interval will be wider for subsets of the population. For more information on Ipsos's use of credibility intervals  please visit the Ipsos website.All sample surveys and polls may be subject to other sources of error  including  but not limited to coverage error  and measurement error.About ParachuteParachute is Canada's national charity dedicated to reducing the devastating impact of preventable injuries. Injury is the No. 1 killer of Canadians aged 1 to 44 and the financial toll is staggering  with injury costing the Canadian economy $29.4 billion a year. Through education and advocacy  Parachute is working to save lives and create a Canada free of serious injuries. For more information  visit us at parachute.ca and follow us on on Twitter   Facebook   Instagram and LinkedIn .About Desjardins Group (Updated)Desjardins Group is the largest cooperative financial group in North America and the fifth largest cooperative financial group in the world  with assets of $407.1 billion. It was named one of the World's Top Female-Friendly Companies by Forbes magazine. To meet the diverse needs of its members and clients  Desjardins offers a full range of products and services to individuals and businesses through its extensive distribution network  online platforms  and subsidiaries across Canada. Ranked among the world's strongest banks according to The Banker magazine  Desjardins has some of the highest capital ratios and credit ratings in the industry.About Vision ZeroVision Zero is a multi-national traffic safety initiative  founded in Sweden in the late 1990s. It's based on the philosophy that no one should be killed or seriously injured within the road transport system. Ultimately  the main goal of Vision Zero is to achieve zero fatalities or serious injuries on the road. In Canada  Parachute has taken the national lead to co-ordinate and share best practices among all the municipalities and communities seeking to improve road safety. On social media  we use the hashtag #ParachuteVZ to share information and encourage public support of Vision Zero.About IpsosIpsos is the world's third largest market research company  present in 90 markets and employing more than 18 000 people. Our passionately curious research professionals  analysts and scientists have built unique multi-specialist capabilities that provide true understanding and powerful insights into the actions  opinions and motivations of citizens  consumers  patients  customers or employees. We serve more than 5000 clients across the world with 75 business solutions. Founded in France in 1975  Ipsos is listed on the Euronext Paris since July 1st  1999. The company is part of the SBF 120 and the Mid-60 index and is eligible for the Deferred Settlement Service (SRD). ISIN code FR0000073298  Reuters ISOS.PA  Bloomberg IPS:FP www.ipsos.comCanada's national charity dedicated to injury prevention and a leader of Vision Zero initiatives in Canada. (CNW Group/Parachute)SOURCE ParachuteCisionView original content to download multimedia: http://www.newswire.ca/en/releases/archive/March2023/29/c8213.html",neutral,0.04,0.95,0.0,mixed,0.29,0.14,0.56,True,English,"['top five priorities', 'road safety', 'half', 'Canadians', 'government', 'community', 'Vision Zero road safety initiatives', 'One road safety measure', 'preventative road safety solutions', 'five top safety measures', 'Vision Zero mandate', 'national road safety survey', 'top five priority', 'Vision Zero approach', 'stronger positive impact', 'past two years', 'Valérie Lavoie', 'vulnerable road user', 'low socio-economic status', 'troubling attitude changes', 'driver behaviour change', 'growing public support', 'risky driving behaviours', 'national survey', 'national charity', 'road design', 'key priority', 'growing minority', 'driver behaviours', 'dangerous behaviour', 'survey period', 'key finding', 'injury prevention', 'joint commitment', 'CNW Group', 'speed limits', 'strong agreement', 'visible minorities', 'less access', 'other groups', 'law enforcement', 'impaired driving', 'distracted driving', 'common answer', 'serious injury', 'effective way', 'Pamela Fuselli', 'system-wide design', 'wide variety', 'following attitudes', 'hands-free phone', 'extra precautions', 'aggressive driving', 'rear seat', 'front seat', 'back seat', 'strong supporter', 'Chief Ope', '46 per cent', '22 per cent', '39 per cent', '54 per cent', '28 per cent', '52 per cent', '64 per cent', '36 per cent', '10 per cent', '25 per cent', '30 per cent', '78 per cent', '84 per cent', '85 per cent', '90 per cent', '83 per cent', 'vehicle driver', 'Desjardins Insurance', 'Transport Canada', 'equity issues', 'infrastructure changes', 'fatal collisions', 'marginalized communities', 'safe roads', 'fewer Canadians', 'Ipsos', 'Parachute', 'part', 'TORONTO', 'remainder', 'community', 'others', 'statement', 'ranking', 'effectiveness', 'strategies', 'strategy', 'questions', 'everyone', 'drivers', 'pedestrians', 'cyclists', 'one-third', 'people', 'type', 'disability', 'ethnic', 'injuries', 'Two-thirds', 'deaths', 'respondents', 'police', 'Story', 'crashes', 'harm', 'President', 'CEO', 'vehicles', 'governments', 'levels', 'policies', 'practices', 'implementation', 'neighbourhoods', 'severity', 'fun', 'associations', 'texting', 'stimulants', 'cannabis', 'three-quarters', 'seatbelt', 'fact', 'passengers', 'order', 'need']",2023-03-29,2023-03-30,finance.yahoo.com
21673,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/COFINIMMO-5977/news/Cofinimmo-continues-its-asset-rotation-strategy-in-the-office-segment-43371186/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230329,Cofinimmo : continues its asset rotation strategy in the office segment,(marketscreener.com)   Brussels  embargo until 29.03.2023  05:40 p.m. CET   Cofinimmo continues its asset rotation strategy in the office segment   Cofinimmo Offices SA/NV  a wholly-owned subsidiary of Cofinimmo   has proceeded with the sale of the bu…,"Brussels  embargo until 29.03.2023  05:40 p.m. CETCofinimmo continues its asset rotation strategy in the office segmentCofinimmo Offices SA/NV  a wholly-owned subsidiary of Cofinimmo (Euronext Brussels: COFB)  has proceeded with the sale of the building located at Avenue Jacques Georginlaan 2 in 1030 Brussels  in the decentralised area of Brussels.The building consists of offices and TV/radio studios on a total surface area of approximately 17 700 m²  as well as approximately 340 parking spaces. The building was custom-built in 2007 and is fully let to a single tenant.The sale price of this building amounts to approximately 29 million EUR  an amount in line with the latest fair value (as at 31.12.2022)  as determined by Cofinimmo's independent real estate valuers.The divestment of the above-mentioned site is included in the divestment budget for 2023  as published in section 11.1 of the press release of 17.02.2023.Jean-Pierre Hanin  CEO of Cofinimmo: ""This transaction is fully in line with our overall strategy of rebalancing our portfolio and demonstrates our ability to perform asset arbitrages.""Brussels  embargo until 29.03.2023  05:40 p.m. CETFor more information:Philippe Etienne Lynn Nachtergaele Yeliz Bicici Head of External Communication Head of Investor Relations Chief Operating Officer Tel.: +32 2 373 60 32 Tel.: +32 2 777 14 08 Offices & Real Estate Development petienne@cofinimmo.be lnachtergaele@cofinimmo.be Tel.: +32 2 373 00 00 About Cofinimmo:Cofinimmo has been acquiring  developing and managing rental properties for almost 40 years. The company has a portfolio spread across Belgium  France  the Netherlands  Germany  Spain  Finland  Ireland  Italy and the United Kingdom with a value of approximately 6.2 billion EUR. Responding to societal changes  Cofinimmo's mission is to provide high-quality care  living  and working spaces to partner-tenants for their occupants to enjoy. 'Caring  Living and Working - Together in Real Estate' is the expression of this mission. Thanks to its expertise  Cofinimmo has assembled a healthcarereal estate portfolio of approximately 4.4 billion EUR in Europe.As an independent company applying the highest standards of corporate governance and sustainability  Cofinimmo offers tenant services and manages its portfolio through a team of approximately 160 employees in Brussels  Paris  Breda  Frankfurt and Madrid.Cofinimmo is listed on Euronext Brussels (BEL20) and benefits from the REIT status in Belgium (RREC)  France (SIIC) and the Netherlands (FBI). Its activities are supervised by the Financial Services and Markets Authority (FSMA)  the Belgian regulator.www.cofinimmo.comFollow us on:",neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,neutral,0.01,0.98,0.0,True,English,"['asset rotation strategy', 'office segment', 'Cofinimmo', 'Philippe Etienne Lynn Nachtergaele Yeliz Bicici Head', 'independent real estate valuers', 'healthcare real estate portfolio', 'External Communication Head', 'Real Estate Development', 'Avenue Jacques Georginlaan', 'Chief Operating Officer', 'total surface area', 'asset rotation strategy', 'latest fair value', 'Cofinimmo Offices SA/NV', 'decentralised area', 'overall strategy', 'asset arbitrages', 'independent company', 'office segment', 'TV/radio studios', '340 parking spaces', 'single tenant', 'press release', 'Jean-Pierre Hanin', 'Investor Relations', 'rental properties', 'United Kingdom', 'societal changes', 'working spaces', 'highest standards', 'corporate governance', 'tenant services', 'REIT status', 'Financial Services', 'Markets Authority', 'Belgian regulator', 'sale price', 'divestment budget', 'Euronext Brussels', '1030 Brussels', 'embargo', 'CET', 'owned', 'subsidiary', 'COFB', 'building', 'amount', 'line', 'site', 'section', 'CEO', 'transaction', 'ability', 'information', '40 years', 'Belgium', 'France', 'Netherlands', 'Germany', 'Spain', 'Finland', 'Ireland', 'Italy', 'mission', 'living', 'occupants', 'expression', 'expertise', 'Europe', 'team', '160 employees', 'Paris', 'Breda', 'Frankfurt', 'Madrid', 'benefits', 'RREC', 'SIIC', 'FBI', 'activities', 'FSMA', '29.03', '05:40', '17,700']",2023-03-29,2023-03-30,marketscreener.com
21674,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2023/03/29/2636989/0/en/Hybrid-Software-Group-PLC-Amendment-to-2023-reporting-calendar.html,Hybrid Software Group PLC: Amendment to 2023 reporting calendar,PRESS RELEASE – REGULATED INFORMATION  AMENDMENT TO 2023 REPORTING CALENDAR  Cambridge (UK)  29 March 2023 (18:00 CEST):   Hybrid Software Group...,PRESS RELEASE – REGULATED INFORMATIONAMENDMENT TO 2023 REPORTING CALENDARCambridge (UK)  29 March 2023 (18:00 CEST): Hybrid Software Group (Euronext: HYSG) amends the date of publication of its annual report and financial statements for the year ending 31 December 2022 (“Annual Report”) to 12 April 2023.The amendment is necessary because the Company’s UK auditor  KPMG LLP  is waiting for the final stage of its accreditation from the Belgian Finance Ministry. As a consequence  the Company will now publish the Annual Report before the market opens on 12 April 2023.The reporting calendar for 2023 will now be:12 April 2023 Annual report and accounts for the year ending 31 December 20224 May 2023 Quarterly trading update for the quarter ending 31 March 202327 July 2023 Condensed consolidated financial statements for the six months ending 30 June 2023 26 October 2023 Quarterly trading update for the quarter and nine months ending 30 September 2023Pro forma financial highlights for the twelve months ended 31 December 2022Revenue for the year was €46.69 million (2021: €48.56 million)EBITDA for the year was €10.90 million  or 23% of revenue (2021: €12.21 million)Annual General MeetingDue to the unavoidable delay in releasing the Annual Report  the date of the annual general meeting (“AGM”) will be delayed by two weeks. The Company expects to hold its AGM on Wednesday 24 May 2023 in Cambridge  United Kingdom. The meeting’s timing  venue  and final agenda will be provided in accordance with applicable legal and regulatory provisions.About Hybrid Software GroupThrough its operating subsidiaries  Hybrid Software Group PLC (Euronext: HYSG) is a leading developer of enterprise software for industrial print manufacturing. Customers include press manufacturers such as HP  Canon  Durst  Roland  Hymmen  and hundreds of packaging printers  trade shops  and converters worldwide.Hybrid Software Group PLC is headquartered in Cambridge UK. Its subsidiary companies are colour technology experts ColorLogic  printing software developers Global Graphics Software  enterprise software developer HYBRID Software  3D design and modelling software developers iC3D  the industrial printhead driver solutions specialists  Meteor Inkjet and pre-press workflow developer Xitron.Contacts,neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,negative,0.0,0.05,0.95,True,English,"['Hybrid Software Group PLC', '2023 reporting calendar', 'Amendment', 'industrial printhead driver solutions specialists', 'Pro forma financial highlights', 'Hybrid Software Group PLC', 'industrial print manufacturing', 'Belgian Finance Ministry', 'Quarterly trading update', 'colour technology experts', 'printing software developers', 'Global Graphics Software', 'modelling software developers', 'pre-press workflow developer', 'enterprise software developer', 'Annual General Meeting', 'financial statements', 'leading developer', 'annual report', 'PRESS RELEASE', 'REGULATED INFORMATION', '2023 REPORTING CALENDAR', 'KPMG LLP', 'final stage', 'six months', 'nine months', 'twelve months', 'unavoidable delay', 'two weeks', 'United Kingdom', 'final agenda', 'applicable legal', 'regulatory provisions', 'operating subsidiaries', 'press manufacturers', 'packaging printers', 'trade shops', 'subsidiary companies', '3D design', 'Meteor Inkjet', 'UK auditor', 'Wednesday 24 May', 'The Company', 'Cambridge UK', 'AMENDMENT', '29 March', 'Euronext', 'HYSG', 'publication', 'year', '31 December', '12 April', 'accreditation', 'consequence', 'market', 'accounts', 'July', '30 June', 'October', 'Revenue', 'EBITDA', 'AGM', 'timing', 'accordance', 'Customers', 'HP', 'Canon', 'Durst', 'Roland', 'Hymmen', 'hundreds', 'converters', 'ColorLogic', 'iC3D', 'Xitron', 'Contacts']",2023-03-29,2023-03-30,globenewswire.com
21675,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/SPAR-NORD-BANK-A-S-1413032/news/Spar-Nord-issues-Tier-2-capital-43369327/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230329,Spar Nord issues Tier 2 capital,(marketscreener.com) With reference to Company Announcement no. 19 of 28 March 2023  it is hereby announced that Spar Nord has entered into an agreement with a number of professional investors to issue Tier 2 capital for an amount of DKK 400 million with a ma…,With reference to Company Announcement no. 19 of 28 March 2023  it is hereby announced that Spar Nord has entered into an agreement with a number of professional investors to issue Tier 2 capital for an amount of DKK 400 million with a maturity of 11 April 2033 and with the option for the Bank to prepay the loan no sooner than 11 April 2028 (subject to regulatory approval).The Tier 2 capital (DK0030524277) will be issued with 11 April 2023 as the value date and will until 11 April 2028 have a floating coupon of 6m CIBOR plus 325 basis points. The notes will be listed on Euronext in Dublin.The issue was completed with Nykredit as arranger and Nykredit and Spar Nord Bank as Joint Bookrunners.Please direct any questions regarding this release to Rune Brandt Børglum  Head of Investor Relations  on tel. + 45 9634 4236  or by e-mail at rsn@sparnord.dk.Rune Brandt BørglumHead of Investor RelationsAttachments,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,neutral,0.02,0.98,0.0,True,English,"['Spar Nord issues', 'Tier 2 capital', 'Rune Brandt Børglum', 'The Tier 2 capital', 'Investor Relations Attachments', 'Spar Nord Bank', 'Company Announcement', 'professional investors', 'regulatory approval', 'value date', 'floating coupon', '6m CIBOR', '325 basis points', 'Joint Bookrunners', 'sparnord.dk', 'reference', '28 March', 'agreement', 'number', 'amount', 'DKK', 'maturity', '11 April', 'option', 'loan', 'notes', 'Euronext', 'Dublin', 'issue', 'Nykredit', 'arranger', 'questions', 'release', 'Head', 'tel.', 'mail', 'rsn']",2023-03-29,2023-03-30,marketscreener.com
21676,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2023/03/29/2636693/0/en/Spar-Nord-issues-Tier-2-capital.html,Spar Nord issues Tier 2 capital,With reference to Company Announcement no. 19 of 28 March 2023  it is hereby announced that Spar Nord has entered into an agreement with a number of professional investors to issue Tier 2 capital for an amount of DKK 400 million with a maturity of 11 April 20…,English DanishWith reference to Company Announcement no. 19 of 28 March 2023  it is hereby announced that Spar Nord has entered into an agreement with a number of professional investors to issue Tier 2 capital for an amount of DKK 400 million with a maturity of 11 April 2033 and with the option for the Bank to prepay the loan no sooner than 11 April 2028 (subject to regulatory approval).The Tier 2 capital (DK0030524277) will be issued with 11 April 2023 as the value date and will until 11 April 2028 have a floating coupon of 6m CIBOR plus 325 basis points. The notes will be listed on Euronext in Dublin.The issue was completed with Nykredit as arranger and Nykredit and Spar Nord Bank as Joint Bookrunners.Please direct any questions regarding this release to Rune Brandt Børglum  Head of Investor Relations  on tel. + 45 9634 4236  or by e-mail at rsn@sparnord.dk.Rune Brandt BørglumHead of Investor RelationsAttachments,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,True,English,"['Spar Nord issues', 'Tier 2 capital', 'Rune Brandt Børglum', 'The Tier 2 capital', 'Investor Relations Attachments', 'Spar Nord Bank', 'English Danish', 'Company Announcement', 'professional investors', 'regulatory approval', 'value date', 'floating coupon', '6m CIBOR', '325 basis points', 'Joint Bookrunners', 'sparnord.dk', 'reference', '28 March', 'agreement', 'number', 'amount', 'DKK', 'maturity', '11 April', 'option', 'loan', 'notes', 'Euronext', 'Dublin', 'issue', 'Nykredit', 'arranger', 'questions', 'release', 'Head', 'tel.', 'mail', 'rsn']",2023-03-29,2023-03-30,globenewswire.com
21677,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/HEXAGON-COMPOSITES-ASA-1413167/news/Hexagon-Purus-ASA-Approval-and-publication-of-prospectus-and-admission-to-trading-on-the-Oslo-Stoc-43365073/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230329,Hexagon Purus ASA : Approval and publication of prospectus and admission to trading on the Oslo Stock Exchange's main market,(marketscreener.com) Reference is made to the announcement made by the Oslo Stock Exchange on 27 March 2023 regarding approval of the listing of the shares in Hexagon Purus ASA on the Oslo Stock Exchange's main market. The first day of trading of the Company’…,"Reference is made to the announcement made by the Oslo Stock Exchange on 27 March 2023 regarding approval of the listing of the shares in Hexagon Purus ASA (the ""Company"") on the Oslo Stock Exchange's main market. The first day of trading of the Company’s shares on the Oslo Stock Exchange's main market is expected to be on or about 30 March 2023. Consequently  the last day of trading of the Company’s shares on Euronext Growth Oslo is expected to be today  29 March 2023.The Company has prepared a prospectus in connection with the listing of its shares on the Oslo Stock Exchange's main market. The prospectus was approved by the Norwegian Financial Supervisory Authority today  29 March 2023  and will be available at the Company's website www.hexagonpurus.com.For additional information  please contact:Mathias Meidell  Investor Relations Director  Hexagon PurusTelephone: +47 909 82 242 | mathias.meidell@hexagonpurus.comAbout Hexagon PurusHexagon Purus  a Hexagon Composites company  enables zero emission mobility for a cleaner energy future. The company is a world leading provider of hydrogen Type 4 high-pressure cylinders and systems  battery systems and vehicle integration solutions for fuel cell electric and battery electric vehicles. Hexagon Purus' products are used in a variety of applications including light  medium and heavy-duty vehicles  buses  ground storage  distribution  refueling  maritime  rail and aerospace.Learn more at www.hexagonpurus.com (http://www.hexagonpurus.com) and follow @HexagonPurus on Twitter and LinkedIn.",neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,True,English,"['Hexagon Purus ASA', 'Oslo Stock Exchange', 'main market', 'Approval', 'publication', 'prospectus', 'Norwegian Financial Supervisory Authority', 'hydrogen Type 4 high-pressure cylinders', 'Oslo Stock Exchange', 'Euronext Growth Oslo', 'Investor Relations Director', 'zero emission mobility', 'cleaner energy future', 'world leading provider', 'vehicle integration solutions', 'fuel cell electric', 'battery electric vehicles', 'Hexagon Purus ASA', ""Hexagon Purus' products"", 'Hexagon Composites company', 'heavy-duty vehicles', 'main market', 'first day', 'last day', 'additional information', 'Mathias Meidell', 'battery systems', 'ground storage', 'The Company', 'Reference', 'announcement', '27 March', 'approval', 'listing', 'shares', 'trading', '30 March', 'prospectus', 'connection', 'website', 'Telephone', 'hexagonpurus', 'variety', 'applications', 'light', 'medium', 'buses', 'distribution', 'refueling', 'maritime', 'rail', 'aerospace', 'Twitter', 'LinkedIn']",2023-03-29,2023-03-30,marketscreener.com
21678,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/HEXAGON-PURUS-ASA-116485535/news/Hexagon-Purus-ASA-Approval-and-publication-of-prospectus-and-admission-to-trading-on-the-Oslo-Stock-43365072/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230329,Hexagon Purus ASA: Approval and publication of prospectus and admission to trading on the Oslo Stock Exchange's main market,(marketscreener.com) Reference is made to the announcement made by the Oslo Stock Exchange on 27 March 2023 regarding approval of the listing of the shares in Hexagon Purus ASA on the Oslo Stock Exchange's main market. The first day of trading of the Company’…,"Reference is made to the announcement made by the Oslo Stock Exchange on 27 March 2023 regarding approval of the listing of the shares in Hexagon Purus ASA (the ""Company"") on the Oslo Stock Exchange's main market. The first day of trading of the Company’s shares on the Oslo Stock Exchange's main market is expected to be on or about 30 March 2023. Consequently  the last day of trading of the Company’s shares on Euronext Growth Oslo is expected to be today  29 March 2023.The Company has prepared a prospectus in connection with the listing of its shares on the Oslo Stock Exchange's main market. The prospectus was approved by the Norwegian Financial Supervisory Authority today  29 March 2023  and will be available at the Company's website www.hexagonpurus.com.For additional information  please contact:Mathias Meidell  Investor Relations Director  Hexagon PurusTelephone: +47 909 82 242 | mathias.meidell@hexagonpurus.comAbout Hexagon PurusHexagon Purus  a Hexagon Composites company  enables zero emission mobility for a cleaner energy future. The company is a world leading provider of hydrogen Type 4 high-pressure cylinders and systems  battery systems and vehicle integration solutions for fuel cell electric and battery electric vehicles. Hexagon Purus' products are used in a variety of applications including light  medium and heavy-duty vehicles  buses  ground storage  distribution  refueling  maritime  rail and aerospace.Learn more at www.hexagonpurus.com (http://www.hexagonpurus.com) and follow @HexagonPurus on Twitter and LinkedIn.This information is subject to the disclosure requirements pursuant to Section 5-12 the Norwegian Securities Trading Act",neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,True,English,"['Hexagon Purus ASA', 'Oslo Stock Exchange', 'main market', 'Approval', 'publication', 'prospectus', 'Norwegian Financial Supervisory Authority', 'hydrogen Type 4 high-pressure cylinders', 'Norwegian Securities Trading Act', 'Oslo Stock Exchange', 'Euronext Growth Oslo', 'Investor Relations Director', 'zero emission mobility', 'cleaner energy future', 'world leading provider', 'vehicle integration solutions', 'fuel cell electric', 'battery electric vehicles', 'Hexagon Purus ASA', ""Hexagon Purus' products"", 'Hexagon Composites company', 'heavy-duty vehicles', 'main market', 'first day', 'last day', 'Mathias Meidell', 'battery systems', 'ground storage', 'disclosure requirements', 'additional information', 'The Company', 'Reference', 'announcement', '27 March', 'approval', 'listing', 'shares', '30 March', 'prospectus', 'connection', 'website', 'Telephone', 'hexagonpurus', 'variety', 'applications', 'medium', 'buses', 'distribution', 'refueling', 'maritime', 'rail', 'aerospace', 'Twitter', 'LinkedIn', 'Section']",2023-03-29,2023-03-30,marketscreener.com
21679,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/QUADIENT-S-A-4674/news/Already-More-than-20-000-Customers-Signed-Up-for-Switch-trade-Quadient-s-Secure-Online-Mail-Platfo-43371152/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230329,Already More than 20 000 Customers Signed Up for Switch™  Quadient's Secure Online Mail Platform for Small Businesses,(marketscreener.com) Paris  March 29  2023 Quadient   a leader in helping businesses create meaningful customer connections through digital and physical channels  announces the growth of its digital mail business  supported by Switch™  a cloud-based platform …,Paris  March 29  2023Quadient (Euronext Paris: QDT)  a leader in helping businesses create meaningful customer connections through digital and physical channels  announces the growth of its digital mail business  supported by Switch™  a cloud-based platform for sending business mail online  replacing traditional document printing and mailing processes  as well as saving valuable time.Quadient continuously invests in mail management solutions for businesses of all sizes  leveraging innovation and digital solutions to enable compliancy  security  productivity and tracking of mail processes. Designed to help small businesses adopt new strategies for their transactional and marketing communications  Switch is a flexible  secure  and cost-effective service to optimize mail and package processing.More than 20 000 customers have already signed up at switchmail.com  an online mailing service that allows users to upload documents from a computer or mobile device  verify addresses  choose printing and mailing options  and track the entire automated mail process  all from a single platform.“At Quadient  we constantly innovate to meet the evolving needs of our clients  leveraging our long-time experience providing solutions for businesses small and large ” said Alain Fairise  chief solution officer  Mail-Related Solutions at Quadient. “Thanks to a simple user interface and seamless API integration  Switch is the ideal online solution for small mailers to securely process their critical mail and packages more efficiently. Additionally  Switch is a great alternative to PC postage because it removes the chore of having to manage paper  envelopes and postage.”With Switch  there are no subscriptions or long-term agreements required. Small businesses can send many letters at once to multiple recipients with Switch’s batch mail feature. Additionally  Switch offers API and Zapier integration to simplify and automate business mail at scale and to connect to popular third-party business applications. To learn more  visit switchmail.com.For more information on how Quadient helps businesses of all sizes improve their mail and parcel sending and receiving processes  visit mail.quadient.com.About Quadient®Quadient is the driving force behind the world’s most meaningful customer experiences. By focusing on three key solution areas  Intelligent Communication Automation  Parcel Locker Solutions and Mail-Related Solutions  Quadient helps simplify the connection between people and what matters. Quadient supports hundreds of thousands of customers worldwide in their quest to create relevant  personalized connections and achieve customer experience excellence. Quadient is listed in compartment B of Euronext Paris (QDT) and is part of the CAC® Mid & Small and EnterNext® Tech 40 indices.For more information about Quadient  visit quadient.com.ContactsJoe Scolaro  Quadient Sandy Armstrong  Sterling Kilgore Global Press Relations Manager Director of Media & Communications +1-866-883-4260 Ext. 1590 +1-630-699-8979 j.scolaro@quadient.com sarmstrong@sterlingkilgore.comAttachments,neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,positive,0.97,0.02,0.01,True,English,"['Secure Online Mail Platform', 'Small Businesses', 'More', '20,000 Customers', 'Switch™', 'Quadient', 'Sterling Kilgore Global Press Relations Manager Director', 'three key solution areas', 'popular third-party business applications', 'entire automated mail process', 'chief solution officer', 'ideal online solution', 'meaningful customer connections', 'simple user interface', 'meaningful customer experiences', 'Intelligent Communication Automation', 'relevant, personalized connections', 'EnterNext® Tech 40 indices', 'customer experience excellence', 'batch mail feature', 'traditional document printing', 'online mailing service', 'Parcel Locker Solutions', 'seamless API integration', 'mail management solutions', 'Quadient Sandy Armstrong', 'digital mail business', 'business mail', 'cost-effective service', 'long-time experience', 'Zapier integration', 'parcel sending', 'mailing processes', 'mailing options', 'mail processes', 'critical mail', 'digital solutions', 'Mail-Related Solutions', 'physical channels', 'cloud-based platform', 'valuable time', 'new strategies', 'package processing', 'mobile device', 'single platform', 'evolving needs', 'Alain Fairise', 'great alternative', 'long-term agreements', 'many letters', 'multiple recipients', 'receiving processes', 'driving force', 'compartment B', 'CAC® Mid', 'small mailers', 'Euronext Paris', 'marketing communications', 'switchmail.com', 'PC postage', 'Joe Scolaro', 'small businesses', 'Quadient®', 'March', 'QDT', 'leader', 'growth', 'Switch™', 'sizes', 'innovation', 'compliancy', 'security', 'productivity', 'tracking', 'transactional', 'More', '20,000 customers', 'users', 'documents', 'computer', 'addresses', 'clients', 'large', 'packages', 'chore', 'paper', 'envelopes', 'subscriptions', 'scale', 'information', 'world', 'people', 'hundreds', 'thousands', 'quest', 'Contacts', 'Media', 'Ext.', 'Attachments']",2023-03-29,2023-03-30,marketscreener.com
21680,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/ORANGE-4649/news/Orange-Publication-of-the-2022-Universal-Registration-Document-43371748/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230329,Orange: Publication of the 2022 Universal Registration Document,(marketscreener.com) On 29 March 2023  Orange filed its 2022 Universal Registration Document with the Autorité des Marchés Financiers in France in ESEF format. The document includes the following information: the 2022 Annual Financial Report; the Report of th…,"On 29 March 2023  Orange filed its 2022 Universal Registration Document with the Autorité des Marchés Financiers (AMF) in France in ESEF format. The document includes the following information:the 2022 Annual Financial Report;the Report of the Board of Directors on Corporate Governance;the Consolidated Non-Financial Statement information on the next Combined Ordinary and Extraordinary Shareholders’ Meeting of 23 May 2023.The Registration Document is available to the public on Orange’s corporate website: https://www.orange.com/en/regulated-information .About OrangeOrange is one of the world’s leading telecommunications operators with sales of 43.5 billion euros in 2022 and 136 000 employees worldwide at 31 December 2022  including 75 000 employees in France. The Group has a total customer base of 287 million customers worldwide at 31 December 2022  including 242 million mobile customers and 24 million fixed broadband customers. The Group is present in 26 countries. Orange is also a leading provider of global IT and telecommunication services to multinational companies under the brand Orange Business. In February 2023  the Group presented its strategic plan ""Lead the Future""  built on a new business model and guided by responsibility and efficiency. ""Lead the Future"" capitalizes on network excellence to reinforce Orange's leadership in service quality.Orange is listed on Euronext Paris (symbol ORA) and on the New York Stock Exchange (symbol ORAN).For more information on the internet and on your mobile: www.orange.com   www.orange-business.com and the Orange News app or to follow us on Twitter: @orangegrouppr.Orange and any other Orange product or service names included in this material are trademarks of Orange or Orange Brand Services Limited.Press contacts:Tom Wright tom.wright@orange.com +33 6 78 91 35 11Attachment",neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,True,English,"['2022 Universal Registration Document', 'Orange', 'Publication', 'New York Stock Exchange', 'des Marchés Financiers', '24 million fixed broadband customers', 'Orange Brand Services Limited', 'Consolidated Non-Financial Statement', 'next Combined Ordinary', 'Extraordinary Shareholders’ Meeting', 'total customer base', 'new business model', 'leading telecommunications operators', '2022 Annual Financial Report', '242 million mobile customers', 'Orange News app', 'other Orange product', '2022 Universal Registration Document', '287 million customers', 'telecommunication services', 'leading provider', 'Orange Business', 'ESEF format', 'Corporate Governance', 'corporate website', '43.5 billion euros', 'global IT', 'multinational companies', 'strategic plan', 'network excellence', 'service quality', 'Euronext Paris', 'service names', 'Press contacts', 'Tom Wright', 'The Group', 'following information', '29 March', 'AMF', 'France', 'Board', 'Directors', '23 May', 'public', 'world', 'sales', '136,000 employees', '31 December', '75,000 employees', '26 countries', 'February', 'Future', 'responsibility', 'efficiency', 'leadership', 'symbol', 'internet', 'Twitter', 'orangegrouppr', 'material', 'trademarks', 'Attachment']",2023-03-29,2023-03-30,marketscreener.com
21681,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2023/03/29/2636392/0/en/Availability-of-the-preparatory-information-for-the-Combined-Shareholders-Meeting-of-May-11th-2023.html,Availability of the preparatory information for the Combined Shareholders’ Meeting of May 11th 2023,Availability of the preparatory information for the Combined Shareholders’ Meeting of May 11th 2023    _PRESS RELEASE_    Paris  March 29th  2023...,English FrenchAvailability of the preparatory information for the Combined Shareholders’ Meeting of May 11th 2023_PRESS RELEASE_Paris  March 29th  2023 – The shareholders of Nexans are informed that the Combined Shareholders’ Meeting will be held on May 11th  2023 at 2.30 p.m. at Palais des Congrès – salle Havane  2 place de la Porte Maillot  75017 Paris  France. The meeting will be broadcast live and be made available on the Company’s website.The prior notice of this meeting was published on March 29th  2023  on the official journal (Bulletin des Annonces Légales et Obligatoires). It includes the draft agenda and draft resolutions as well as the conditions for participating and voting at the Meeting.Documents and information related to this Shareholders’ Meeting are available to shareholders in accordance with applicable laws and regulations. They are available online on the Company’s website www.nexans.com.About NexansFor over a century  Nexans has played a crucial role in the electrification of the planet and is committed to electrifying the future. With around 28 000 people in 42 countries  the Group is leading the charge to the new world of electrification: safe  sustainable  renewable  decarbonized and accessible to everyone. In 2022  Nexans generated 6.7 billion euros in standard sales. The Group is a leader in the design and manufacturing of cable systems and services across five main business areas: Power Generation & Transmission  Distribution  Usages  Industry & Solutions and Telecom & Data. Nexans was the first company in its industry to create a Foundation supporting sustainable initiatives bringing access to energy to disadvantaged communities worldwide. The Group pledged to contribute to carbon neutrality by 2030.Nexans. Electrify the future.Nexans is listed on Euronext Paris  compartment A.For more information  please visit www.nexans.com www.nexans.comContacts:CommunicationEmmanuel Guinotemmanuel.guinot@nexans.comMaëllys LeosticTél.: +33 (0)7 87 04 96 58maellys.leostic@nexans.comInvestor relationsElodie Robbe-MouillotTél.: +33 (0)1 78 15 03 87elodie.robbe-mouillot@nexans.comAttachment,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,neutral,0.03,0.96,0.0,True,English,"['Combined Shareholders’ Meeting', 'preparatory information', 'Availability', 'May', 'Palais des Congrès', 'five main business areas', 'Maëllys Leostic', 'Annonces Légales', 'Combined Shareholders’ Meeting', 'Tél.', 'English French', 'salle Havane', 'Porte Maillot', 'prior notice', 'official journal', 'draft agenda', 'draft resolutions', 'applicable laws', 'a century', 'crucial role', 'new world', '6.7 billion euros', 'standard sales', 'cable systems', 'Power Generation', 'sustainable initiatives', 'disadvantaged communities', 'carbon neutrality', 'compartment A.', 'Investor relations', 'The Group', 'May 11th', 'Emmanuel Guinot', 'Elodie Robbe-Mouillot', 'preparatory information', 'first company', 'Euronext Paris', '75017 Paris', 'Availability', 'March', 'Nexans', '2 place', 'France', 'website', 'Bulletin', 'Obligatoires', 'conditions', 'Documents', 'accordance', 'regulations', 'electrification', 'planet', 'future', '28,000 people', '42 countries', 'charge', 'everyone', 'leader', 'design', 'manufacturing', 'services', 'Transmission', 'Distribution', 'Usages', 'Industry', 'Telecom', 'Data', 'Foundation', 'access', 'energy', 'Contacts', 'Communication', 'Attachment', '2.30']",2023-03-29,2023-03-30,globenewswire.com
21682,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/REINET-INVESTMENTS-S-C-A-12416878/news/Rectification-of-previous-announcement-ndash-notification-of-managers-transaction-43365493/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230329,Rectification of previous announcement – notification of managers' transaction.,(marketscreener.com) Reinet Investments SCA / Key word: MiscellaneousRectification of previous announcement – notification of managers’ transaction. 29-March-2023 / 12:01 CET/CESTRelease of an ad hoc announcement pursuant to Art. 53 LRThe issuer is …,Reinet Investments SCA / Key word(s): MiscellaneousRectification of previous announcement – notification of managers’ transaction.29-March-2023 / 12:01 CET/CESTRelease of an ad hoc announcement pursuant to Art. 53 LRThe issuer is solely responsible for the content of this announcement.The Company’s announcement released on 28 March 2023 erroneously stated that Reinet Investment Advisors Limited has disposed of 2 552 ordinary shares in the Company on 24 March 2023. The transaction actually took place on 27 March 2023. All other details remain unchanged. Reinet Investments Manager S.A.for and on behalf of Reinet Investments S.C.A. Reinet Investments S.C.A. (the ‘Company’) is a partnership limited by shares incorporated in the Grand Duchy of Luxembourg and having its registered office at 35  boulevard Prince Henri  L-1724 Luxembourg. It is governed by the Luxembourg law on securitisation and in this capacity allows its shareholders to participate indirectly in the portfolio of assets held by its wholly-owned subsidiary Reinet Fund S.C.A.  F.I.S. (‘Reinet Fund’)  a specialised investment fund also incorporated in Luxembourg. The Company’s ordinary shares are listed on the Luxembourg Stock Exchange  Euronext Amsterdam and the Johannesburg Stock Exchange  the secondary listing. The Company’s ordinary shares are included in the ‘LuxX’ index of the principal shares traded on the Luxembourg Stock Exchange. The Company and Reinet Fund together with Reinet Fund’s subsidiaries are referred to as ‘Reinet’. Reinet Investments S.C.A.R.C.S. Luxembourg B 16 576Legal Entity Identifier : 222100830RQTFVV22S80Registered office: 35  boulevard Prince Henri  L-1724 Luxembourg  Tel. (+352) 22 42 10  Fax (+352) 22 72 53Email: info@reinet.com  website: www.reinet.comEnd of Inside Information,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,negative,0.0,0.01,0.99,True,English,"['previous announcement', 'Rectification', 'notification', 'transaction', 'Reinet Investments S.C.A. Reinet Investments S.C.A.', 'Reinet Investments Manager S.A.', 'Reinet Fund S.C.A.', 'R.C.S. Luxembourg', 'Reinet Investment Advisors Limited', 'Reinet Investments SCA', 'F.I.S.', 'specialised investment fund', 'Johannesburg Stock Exchange', 'Legal Entity Identifier', 'Luxembourg Stock Exchange', 'ad hoc announcement', 'boulevard Prince Henri', 'Luxembourg law', 'L-1724 Luxembourg', 'Art. 53 LR', 'other details', 'Grand Duchy', 'Euronext Amsterdam', 'secondary listing', 'LuxX’ index', 'Inside Information', '2 552 ordinary shares', 'principal shares', 'previous announcement', 'managers’ transaction', 'The Company', 'Registered office', 'Miscellaneous', 'Rectification', 'notification', 'CEST', 'Release', 'issuer', 'content', '28 March', 'place', '27 March', 'behalf', 'partnership', 'securitisation', 'capacity', 'shareholders', 'portfolio', 'assets', 'subsidiary', 'subsidiaries', 'Tel.', 'Fax', 'Email', 'website', 'End']",2023-03-29,2023-03-30,marketscreener.com
21683,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2023/03/29/2636340/0/en/Beter-Bed-Holding-announces-AGM.html,Beter Bed Holding announces AGM,Today  Beter Bed Holding N.V. (BBH) – the Netherlands’ largest sleep specialist in retail  wholesale and B2B – has published the notice and agenda for its Annual General Meeting (AGM) to be held on Wednesday  10 May 2023. During the AGM  BBH will look back on…,Today  Beter Bed Holding N.V. (BBH) – the Netherlands’ largest sleep specialist in retail  wholesale and B2B – has published the notice and agenda for its Annual General Meeting (AGM) to be held on Wednesday  10 May 2023. During the AGM  BBH will look back on the results achieved over 2022  and update the shareholders on the current developments.The agenda for the AGM and the notice are available on the Company’s website www.beterbedholding.com.About Beter Bed HoldingBeter Bed Holding (BBH) is the Netherlands’ leading sleep specialist in retail  wholesale and B2B.Our mission is simple. We believe that the better we sleep  the happier  healthier and more productive we are. And we won’t rest until everyone gets the high-quality sleep they deserve.Listed on Euronext Amsterdam  BBH operates the successful retail brands Beter Bed  Beddenreus  the new subscription brand Leazzzy and the digital organisation LUNEXT. In addition  through its subsidiary DBC International  BBH has a wholesale business in branded products in the bedroom furnishings sector  which includes the well-known international brands M line and Simmons.With 4 distribution centres  a fleet of 80 vehicles  131 stores  a fast-growing online presence  and a wholesale company our team of over 1 000 dedicated employees generated € 229.4 million revenue in 2022.Providing expert sleep advice is at the very heart of our strategy  and thanks to our revolutionary ‘Beter Slapen ID’ tool  our sleep consultants help customers to get the perfect night’s sleep. BBH is proud that M line is the official sleep supplier of AFC Ajax  TeamNL  Jumbo-Visma  NOC*NSF and the KNVB.For more informationPress enquiries: Uneke Dekkers / CFF CommunicationsT +31 (0)20 575 4010 or M +31 (0)6 50261626E uneke.dekkers@cffcommunications.nlFor the PDF of the press release please click on the link under attachment.Press photos can be downloaded here .Attachment,neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,mixed,0.56,0.22,0.22,True,English,"['Beter Bed Holding', 'AGM', 'revolutionary ‘Beter Slapen ID’ tool', 'Beter Bed Holding N.V.', 'Netherlands’ largest sleep specialist', 'Netherlands’ leading sleep specialist', 'Annual General Meeting', 'new subscription brand', 'bedroom furnishings sector', 'growing online presence', 'expert sleep advice', 'official sleep supplier', 'subsidiary DBC International', 'successful retail brands', 'international brands', 'high-quality sleep', 'sleep consultants', 'current developments', 'Euronext Amsterdam', 'digital organisation', 'M line', '4 distribution centres', '1,000 dedicated employees', '9.4 million revenue', 'perfect night', 'AFC Ajax', 'NOC*NSF', 'Press enquiries', 'Uneke Dekkers', 'CFF Communications', 'press release', 'Press photos', 'wholesale business', 'wholesale company', 'BBH', 'B2B', 'notice', 'agenda', 'AGM', 'Wednesday', 'May', 'results', 'shareholders', 'website', 'mission', 'everyone', 'Beddenreus', 'Leazzzy', 'LUNEXT.', 'addition', 'products', 'Simmons', 'fleet', '80 vehicles', '131 stores', 'team', 'heart', 'strategy', 'customers', 'Jumbo-Visma', 'KNVB.', 'information', 'cffcommunications', 'PDF', 'link', 'attachment', '2022']",2023-03-29,2023-03-30,globenewswire.com
21684,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/NEXANS-4676/news/Availability-of-the-preparatory-information-for-the-Combined-Shareholders-Meeting-of-May-11th-2023-43364006/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230329,Availability of the preparatory information for the Combined Shareholders' Meeting of May 11th 2023,(marketscreener.com)   Availability of the preparatory information for the Combined Shareholders’ Meeting of May 11th 2023 _PRESS RELEASE_ Paris  March 29th  2023 – The shareholders of Nexans are informed that the Combined Shareholders’ Meeting will be held o…,Availability of the preparatory information for the Combined Shareholders’ Meeting of May 11th 2023_PRESS RELEASE_Paris  March 29th  2023 – The shareholders of Nexans are informed that the Combined Shareholders’ Meeting will be held on May 11th  2023 at 2.30 p.m. at Palais des Congrès – salle Havane  2 place de la Porte Maillot  75017 Paris  France. The meeting will be broadcast live and be made available on the Company’s website.The prior notice of this meeting was published on March 29th  2023  on the official journal (Bulletin des Annonces Légales et Obligatoires). It includes the draft agenda and draft resolutions as well as the conditions for participating and voting at the Meeting.Documents and information related to this Shareholders’ Meeting are available to shareholders in accordance with applicable laws and regulations. They are available online on the Company’s website www.nexans.com.About NexansFor over a century  Nexans has played a crucial role in the electrification of the planet and is committed to electrifying the future. With around 28 000 people in 42 countries  the Group is leading the charge to the new world of electrification: safe  sustainable  renewable  decarbonized and accessible to everyone. In 2022  Nexans generated 6.7 billion euros in standard sales. The Group is a leader in the design and manufacturing of cable systems and services across five main business areas: Power Generation & Transmission  Distribution  Usages  Industry & Solutions and Telecom & Data. Nexans was the first company in its industry to create a Foundation supporting sustainable initiatives bringing access to energy to disadvantaged communities worldwide. The Group pledged to contribute to carbon neutrality by 2030.Nexans. Electrify the future.Nexans is listed on Euronext Paris  compartment A.For more information  please visit www.nexans.com www.nexans.comContacts:CommunicationEmmanuel Guinotemmanuel.guinot@nexans.comMaëllys LeosticTél.: +33 (0)7 87 04 96 58maellys.leostic@nexans.comInvestor relationsElodie Robbe-MouillotTél.: +33 (0)1 78 15 03 87elodie.robbe-mouillot@nexans.comAttachment,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,positive,0.75,0.25,0.01,True,English,"[""Combined Shareholders' Meeting"", 'preparatory information', 'Availability', 'May', 'Palais des Congrès', 'five main business areas', 'Maëllys Leostic', 'Annonces Légales', 'Combined Shareholders’ Meeting', 'Tél.', 'salle Havane', 'Porte Maillot', 'prior notice', 'official journal', 'draft agenda', 'draft resolutions', 'applicable laws', 'a century', 'crucial role', 'new world', '6.7 billion euros', 'standard sales', 'cable systems', 'Power Generation', 'sustainable initiatives', 'disadvantaged communities', 'carbon neutrality', 'compartment A.', 'Investor relations', 'Elodie Robbe-Mouillot', 'The Group', 'May 11th', 'Emmanuel Guinot', 'preparatory information', 'first company', 'Euronext Paris', '75017 Paris', 'Availability', 'March', 'Nexans', '2 place', 'France', 'website', 'Bulletin', 'Obligatoires', 'conditions', 'Documents', 'accordance', 'regulations', 'electrification', 'planet', 'future', '28,000 people', '42 countries', 'charge', 'everyone', 'leader', 'design', 'manufacturing', 'services', 'Transmission', 'Distribution', 'Usages', 'Industry', 'Telecom', 'Data', 'Foundation', 'access', 'energy', 'Contacts', 'Communication', 'Attachment', '2.30']",2023-03-29,2023-03-30,marketscreener.com
21685,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/AKER-ASA-1413076/news/Aker-Annual-Report-2022-43362909/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230329,Aker : Annual Report 2022,(marketscreener.com)    2      Aker ASA annual report2022       Content       1. This is Aker ...https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/AKER-ASA-1413076/news/Aker-Annual-Report-2022-43362909/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230329,2 Aker ASA annual report2022 Content 1. This is Aker 3 Highlights 2022 4 Key performance indicators 5 Changes in net asset value 6 2. Letter from the president and CEO 9 3. Shareholder information 13 4. Investment overview 15 Industrial holdings 16 Financial investments 17 Alternative performance measures 18 5. Board of Directors' report 19 6. Annual accounts 33 Aker Group 34 Aker ASA 93 Aker ASA and holding companies 115 7. Board of Directors 128 8. Management 130 9. Corporate Governance Report 131 Financial calendar 2023 Aker reserves the right to revise the dates. Annual General Meeting: 21 April Announcement of 1Q 2023: 5 May Announcement of 2Q 2023: 18 July Announcement of 3Q 2023: 3 NovemberThis is AkerAker is the largest shareholder  directly or indirectly  in 9 companies listed on the Oslo StockExchange  Euronext Expand Oslo or EuronextGrowth Oslo.This is AkerSince its establishment in 1841  Aker has been a driving force for the development of internationally focused  knowledge-based industry in Norway.Aker ASA (Aker) is an industrial investment company that develops businesses and exercises active ownership to create value for its shareholders and society at large. Aker combines industrial expertise with knowledge of the capital markets and financial strength. In its capacity as owner  Aker helps to develop and strengthen its portfolio of Aker companies  working through the boards of the industrial holdings portfolio companies to drive strategy development  operational improvements  financing  restructuring and transactions.Aker is investing along key global megatrends and the ownership interests are concentrated within the sectors oil and gas  renewable energy and green technologies  industrial software  seafood and marine biotechnology. As part of this  Aker has established active asset management through the operative investment firm Industry Capital Partners (ICP).In 2022  Aker's investments were divided into two portfolios:Industrial holdings are strategic assets and are managed with a long-term perspective.They comprise Aker's ownership interests in Aker BP  Aker Energy  Aker Solutions  Aker Horizons  Aker BioMarine  SalMar Aker Ocean  Cognite and Aize.Financial investments comprise cash and other assets. The portfolio includes thelisted companies Akastor  AMSC  Philly Shipyard  and Solstad Offshore  in addition to ICP and Aker Property Group.SizeAker is the largest shareholder  directly or indirectly  in 9 companies listed on the Oslo Stock Exchange  Euronext Expand Oslo or Euronext Growth Oslo. Aker and companies in which Aker is the largest investor had a total turnover of around NOK 200 billion in 2022  and a workforce of approximately 35 000  including temporary hires. About 22 500 people are employed in Norway.Net Asset Value (NAV) growth is a key performance indicator for Aker ASA and holding companies. As at 31 December 2022  NAV amounted to NOK 66.9 billion  compared to NOK 69.8 billion one year prior. In addition  a dividend of NOK 2.15 billion was paid in 2022.OwnershipAs of 22 March 2023  Aker has generated an average annual return of 25 per cent  including dividends  since its re-listing on the Oslo Stock Exchange on 8 September 2004. At the beginning of 2023  Aker had 20 167 shareholders. Aker's main shareholder is Kjell Inge Røkke  who owns 68.2 per cent of Aker through his company TRG Holding AS. Through a private company  CEO Øyvind Eriksen owns 0.2 per cent of the B-shares in TRG Holding AS  as well as 219 072 shares in Aker ASA.4 Aker ASA annual report2022Highlights 2022Industrial Holdings Portfolio:Important Strategic PartnershipsThis is Aker | Highlights 2022Aker BP:Acquisition of Lundin Energy CompletedDuring 2022  Aker continued to build on its strategy of strategic partnerships with several important new partnerships announced across the portfolio. Aker Solutions agreed to form a subsea joint venture with SLB and Subsea 7. Cognite formed a joint venture with Saudi Aramco and signed strategic partnerships SLB and Rockwell Automation. Aize signed a continuation if its strategic partnership with Aker BP and Aker Solutions. And Aker Carbon Capture established partnerships with companies including Hoegh LNG  Microsoft and Storegga.2022 was a transformational year for Aker BP with the completion of its merger with Lundin Energy's oil and gas business in Norway. Through the transaction  Aker BP doubled its production and created a stronger and more financially robust company which is the second largest operator on the Norwegian continental shelf. Aker BP will continue to lead the way with a world class asset base  industry leading low cost and low emissions  profitable growth  and attractive dividend policy.Aker BP:Record number of field developmentsAker Solutions:All-time high Order BacklogAker BP and its partners submitting a record number of 11 PDOs (plans for development and operation) in 2022. This represents total investments of more than NOK 200 billion for projects with total recoverable resources of more than 750 million barrels of oil equivalents. Along with other measures to increase efficiency and recovery  Aker BP projects that these development projects could enable its oil and gas production to grow from an average of 309 200 barrels per day in 2022 to more than 500 000 barrels in 2028.In 2022  Aker Solutions won all-time-high order intake of NOK 88.2 billion  or 2.1-times book-to-bill  bringing the order backlog to a record high NOK 97.3 billion. This means the Company has secured solid visibility for activity-levels for the next several years moving forward. As part of this  Aker Solutions won multiple contracts from Aker BP for the field development projects Yggdrasil  Valhall PWP-Fenris and Skarv Satellites.Distribution of Aker's NOK 76.1 billion gross asset value as at 31 December 2022Aker BP (53%) Aker Solutions (10%) Cognite (9%) Other financial investments (8%) Aker Horizons (8%) Aker BioMarine (3%) Listed financial investments (3%) Cash (2%) Aker Energy (1%) Real Estate (1%) SalMar Aker Ocean (0 9%) Aize (0%)This is Aker | Key performance indicatorsKey performance indicatorsAker's key performance indicators are net asset value growth and shareholder returns (share price and dividends).Net asset value (NAV) expresses Aker's underlying financial value and provides the basis for the company's dividend policy (two to four per cent of NAV per year). The NAV is calculated on the basis of the market value of listed shares  most recent transaction value for non-listed assets subject to material transaction with third parties  while book value is used for other assets.In 2022  an ordinary dividend of NOK 14.50 per share was paid for the 2021 fiscal year. At the Annual General Meeting in AprilVEK per shareNOK per share2022  the board was authorized to disburse an additional dividend in 2022 on the basis of the annual accounts for 2021. In November 2022  an additional dividend of NOK 14.50 per share was paid. In 2023  the board is proposing that an ordinary dividend of NOK 15.00 per share be paid for 2022  and that the AGM authorize the Board to disburse an additional dividend in 2023 based on the 2022 annual accounts.Dividend per share (see comments above)NOK per share and per cent of NAV850 650 450 250 502020Allocated dividend2021NAV after allocated dividendShare price30252015105020222020Additional dividend (NOK)Allocated dividend (NOK)2021Per cent of NAV before dividend2022Gross assets per business segmentNOK billion8040605030207010020202020Industrial holdingsFinancial investmentsGross assets per sectorNOK billion8070605040302010020212022SoftwareOther financial assetsCashSeafood & marine biotec2021Renewables and green technologyMaritime assetsEnergy ServicesOil and gas related2022,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,positive,0.92,0.07,0.01,True,English,"['Annual Report', 'Aker', 'Kjell Inge Røkke', 'All-time high Order Backlog', 'world class asset base', '4 Aker ASA annual report2022 Highlights', 'industry leading low cost', 'several important new partnerships', '2 Aker ASA annual report2022', 'Annual General Meeting', 'average annual return', 'Key performance indicators', 'Alternative performance measures', 'key global megatrends', 'Norwegian continental shelf', 'attractive dividend policy', 'industrial holdings portfolio companies', 'operative investment firm', 'net asset value', 'Corporate Governance Report', 'TRG Holding AS', 'total recoverable resources', 'second largest operator', 'Important Strategic Partnerships', 'CEO Øyvind Eriksen', 'active asset management', 'SalMar Aker Ocean', 'Aker Carbon Capture', 'Industry Capital Partners', 'industrial investment company', 'Aker Property Group', 'Oslo Stock Exchange', 'subsea joint venture', 'Euronext Growth Oslo', 'Annual accounts', 'knowledge-based industry', 'low emissions', 'Investment overview', 'industrial expertise', 'industrial software', 'capital markets', 'total turnover', 'largest shareholder', 'active ownership', 'largest investor', 'profitable growth', 'Aker Group', 'strategic assets', 'holding companies', 'total investments', 'Shareholder information', ""Directors' report"", 'Financial calendar', '21 April Announcement', '5 May Announcement', 'July Announcement', 'driving force', 'financial strength', 'operational improvements', 'renewable energy', 'green technologies', 'marine biotechnology', 'two portfolios', 'long-term perspective', 'other assets', 'Philly Shipyard', 'Solstad Offshore', 'temporary hires', '25 per cent', 'main shareholder', '68.2 per cent', 'private company', '0.2 per cent', 'Lundin Energy', 'Saudi Aramco', 'Rockwell Automation', 'Hoegh LNG', 'transformational year', 'robust company', 'Record number', 'field developments', 'Financial investments', 'ownership interests', 'NAV) growth', 'Aker BP', 'Aker Energy', 'Aker Solutions', 'Aker Horizons', 'Aker BioMarine', 'gas business', 'Aker companies', 'strategy development', '3 Highlights', '9 companies', 'Content', '5 Changes', 'Letter', 'president', 'Board', 'right', 'dates', '1Q', '2Q', '3Q', 'establishment', 'internationally', 'Norway', 'businesses', 'shareholders', 'society', 'capacity', 'financing', 'restructuring', 'transactions', 'sectors', 'oil', 'seafood', 'ICP', 'Cognite', 'Aize', 'cash', 'Akastor', 'AMSC', 'addition', 'Size', 'NOK', 'workforce', '22 500 people', '31 December', '22 March', 'dividends', '8 September', 'beginning', 'B-shares', '219 072 shares', 'Acquisition', 'SLB', 'continuation', 'Microsoft', 'Storegga', 'completion', 'merger', 'production', 'stronger', 'financially', '11 PDOs', 'plans', 'projects', '750 million', '18']",2023-03-29,2023-03-30,marketscreener.com
21686,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/BIOCARTIS-GROUP-NV-22033639/news/Press-release-Biocartis-Group-NV-Biocartis-To-Publish-2022-Annual-Report-on-11-April-2023-43362751/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230329,Press release Biocartis Group NV: Biocartis To Publish 2022 Annual Report on 11 April 2023,(marketscreener.com) PRESS RELEASE - REGULATED INFORMATION 29 March 2023  07:00 CEST Biocartis To Publish 2022 Annual Report on 11 April 2023 Mechelen  Belgium  29 March 2023 – Biocartis Group NV   an innovative molecular diagnostics company   today announces…,PRESS RELEASE - REGULATED INFORMATION29 March 2023  07:00 CESTBiocartis To Publish 2022 Annual Report on 11 April 2023Mechelen  Belgium  29 March 2023 – Biocartis Group NV (the ‘Company’ or ‘Biocartis’)  an innovative molecular diagnostics company (Euronext Brussels: BCART)  today announces that it will publish its 2022 annual report on 11 April 2023  which is later than the previously communicated publication date  because the audit of the consolidated financial statements is not finalized with respect to the accounting treatment and the presentation of the various recapitalization transactions that completed on 16 January 2023.Biocartis’ 2022 annual report will be published simultaneously with the invitation to its annual shareholders' meeting that will be held on Friday 12 May 2023 at 2:00 p.m. CEST at the offices of the Company at Generaal de Wittelaan 11B  2800 Mechelen  Belgium.--- END ---More information:e-mail ir@biocartis.com@Biocartis_www.linkedin.com/BiocartisAbout BiocartisWith its revolutionary and proprietary Idylla™ platform  Biocartis (Euronext Brussels: BCART) aspires to enable personalized medicine for patients around the world through universal access to molecular testing  by making molecular testing actionable  convenient  fast and suitable for any lab. The Idylla™ platform is a fully automated sample-to-result  real-time PCR (Polymerase Chain Reaction) based system designed to offer in-house access to accurate molecular information in a minimum amount of time for faster  informed treatment decisions. Idylla™'s continuously expanding menu of molecular diagnostic tests address key unmet clinical needs  with a focus in oncology. This is the fastest growing segment of the molecular diagnostics market worldwide. Today  Biocartis offers tests supporting melanoma  colorectal  lung and liver cancer  as well as for COVID-19  Flu  RSV and sepsis. For more information  visit www.biocartis.com or follow Biocartis on Twitter @Biocartis_   Facebook or LinkedIn.Biocartis and Idylla™ are registered trademarks in Europe  the United States and other countries. The Biocartis and Idylla™ trademark and logo are used trademarks owned by Biocartis. Please refer to the product labeling for applicable intended uses for each individual Biocartis product.This press release is not for distribution  directly or indirectly  in any jurisdiction where to do so would be unlawful. Any persons reading this press release should inform themselves of and observe any such restrictions. Biocartis takes no responsibility for any violation of any such restrictions by any person. This press release does not constitute an offer or invitation for the sale or purchase of securities in any jurisdiction. No securities of Biocartis may be offered or sold in the United States of America absent registration with the United States Securities and Exchange Commission or an exemption from registration under the U.S. Securities Act of 1933  as amended.Forward-looking statementsCertain statements  beliefs and opinions in this press release are forward-looking  which reflect the Company's or  as appropriate  the Company directors' or managements' current expectations and projections concerning future events such as the Company's results of operations  financial condition  liquidity  performance  prospects  growth  strategies and the industry in which the Company operates. By their nature  forward-looking statements involve a number of risks  uncertainties  assumptions and other factors that could cause actual results or events to differ materially from those expressed or implied by the forward-looking statements. These risks  uncertainties  assumptions and factors could adversely affect the outcome and financial effects of the plans and events described herein. A multitude of factors including  but not limited to  changes in demand  competition and technology  can cause actual events  performance or results to differ significantly from any anticipated development. Forward-looking statements contained in this press release regarding past trends or activities are not guarantees of future performance and should not be taken as a representation that such trends or activities will continue in the future. In addition  even if actual results or developments are consistent with the forward-looking statements contained in this press release  those results or developments may not be indicative of results or developments in future periods. No representations and warranties are made as to the accuracy or fairness of such forward-looking statements. As a result  the Company expressly disclaims any obligation or undertaking to release any updates or revisions to any forward-looking statements in this press release as a result of any change in expectations or any change in events  conditions  assumptions or circumstances on which these forward-looking statements are based  except if specifically required to do so by law or regulation. Neither the Company nor its advisers or representatives nor any of its subsidiary undertakings or any such person's officers or employees guarantees that the assumptions underlying such forward-looking statements are free from errors nor does either accept any responsibility for the future accuracy of the forward-looking statements contained in this press release or the actual occurrence of the forecasted developments. You should not place undue reliance on forward-looking statements  which speak only as of the date of this press release.,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,mixed,0.1,0.1,0.8,True,English,"['Biocartis Group NV', 'Press release', '2022 Annual Report', '11 April', 'key unmet clinical needs', 'faster, informed treatment decisions', 'U.S. Securities Act', 'innovative molecular diagnostics company', 'molecular diagnostics market', 'various recapitalization transactions', 'Generaal de Wittelaan', 'Polymerase Chain Reaction', 'fastest growing segment', ""annual shareholders' meeting"", 'proprietary Idylla™ platform', 'accurate molecular information', 'molecular diagnostic tests', 'The Idylla™ platform', 'Biocartis Group NV', 'consolidated financial statements', 'individual Biocartis product', 'United States Securities', 'Biocartis’ 2022 annual report', 'accounting treatment', 'molecular testing', 'product labeling', 'financial condition', 'financial effects', 'PRESS RELEASE', 'REGULATED INFORMATION', 'Euronext Brussels', 'publication date', 'Friday 12 May', 'More information', 'personalized medicine', 'real-time PCR', 'based system', 'minimum amount', 'expanding menu', 'liver cancer', 'other countries', 'Idylla™ trademark', 'intended uses', 'Exchange Commission', 'Forward-looking statements', 'subsidiary undertakings', 'The Biocartis', 'future periods', 'universal access', 'current expectations', 'past trends', 'Company directors', 'actual events', 'other factors', 'actual results', 'future events', 'future performance', '29 March', 'CEST', '11 April', 'Mechelen', 'Belgium', 'BCART', 'audit', 'respect', 'presentation', '16 January', 'invitation', 'offices', 'mail', 'revolutionary', 'patients', 'world', 'house', 'focus', 'oncology', 'melanoma', 'colorectal', 'lung', 'COVID', 'Flu', 'RSV', 'sepsis', 'Twitter', 'Facebook', 'LinkedIn', 'trademarks', 'Europe', 'logo', 'applicable', 'distribution', 'jurisdiction', 'persons', 'restrictions', 'responsibility', 'violation', 'offer', 'sale', 'purchase', 'America', 'registration', 'exemption', 'beliefs', 'opinions', 'projections', 'operations', 'liquidity', 'prospects', 'growth', 'strategies', 'industry', 'nature', 'number', 'risks', 'uncertainties', 'assumptions', 'outcome', 'plans', 'multitude', 'changes', 'demand', 'competition', 'technology', 'development', 'activities', 'guarantees', 'addition', 'warranties', 'accuracy', 'fairness', 'obligation', 'updates', 'revisions', 'conditions', 'circumstances', 'law', 'regulation', 'advisers', 'representatives', '2:00']",2023-03-29,2023-03-30,marketscreener.com
21687,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2023/03/29/2636333/0/en/Press-release-Biocartis-Group-NV-Biocartis-To-Publish-2022-Annual-Report-on-11-April-2023.html,Press release Biocartis Group NV: Biocartis To Publish 2022 Annual Report on 11 April 2023,PRESS RELEASE - REGULATED INFORMATION  29 March 2023  07:00 CEST  Biocartis To Publish 2022 Annual Report on 11 April 2023  Mechelen  Belgium  29 March......,English DutchPRESS RELEASE - REGULATED INFORMATION29 March 2023  07:00 CESTBiocartis To Publish 2022 Annual Report on 11 April 2023Mechelen  Belgium  29 March 2023 – Biocartis Group NV (the ‘Company’ or ‘Biocartis’)  an innovative molecular diagnostics company (Euronext Brussels: BCART)  today announces that it will publish its 2022 annual report on 11 April 2023  which is later than the previously communicated publication date  because the audit of the consolidated financial statements is not finalized with respect to the accounting treatment and the presentation of the various recapitalization transactions that completed on 16 January 2023.Biocartis’ 2022 annual report will be published simultaneously with the invitation to its annual shareholders' meeting that will be held on Friday 12 May 2023 at 2:00 p.m. CEST at the offices of the Company at Generaal de Wittelaan 11B  2800 Mechelen  Belgium.--- END ---More information:e-mail ir@biocartis.com@Biocartis_www.linkedin.com/BiocartisAbout BiocartisWith its revolutionary and proprietary Idylla™ platform  Biocartis (Euronext Brussels: BCART) aspires to enable personalized medicine for patients around the world through universal access to molecular testing  by making molecular testing actionable  convenient  fast and suitable for any lab. The Idylla™ platform is a fully automated sample-to-result  real-time PCR (Polymerase Chain Reaction) based system designed to offer in-house access to accurate molecular information in a minimum amount of time for faster  informed treatment decisions. Idylla™'s continuously expanding menu of molecular diagnostic tests address key unmet clinical needs  with a focus in oncology. This is the fastest growing segment of the molecular diagnostics market worldwide. Today  Biocartis offers tests supporting melanoma  colorectal  lung and liver cancer  as well as for COVID-19  Flu  RSV and sepsis. For more information  visit www.biocartis.com or follow Biocartis on Twitter @Biocartis_   Facebook or LinkedIn.Biocartis and Idylla™ are registered trademarks in Europe  the United States and other countries. The Biocartis and Idylla™ trademark and logo are used trademarks owned by Biocartis. Please refer to the product labeling for applicable intended uses for each individual Biocartis product.This press release is not for distribution  directly or indirectly  in any jurisdiction where to do so would be unlawful. Any persons reading this press release should inform themselves of and observe any such restrictions. Biocartis takes no responsibility for any violation of any such restrictions by any person. This press release does not constitute an offer or invitation for the sale or purchase of securities in any jurisdiction. No securities of Biocartis may be offered or sold in the United States of America absent registration with the United States Securities and Exchange Commission or an exemption from registration under the U.S. Securities Act of 1933  as amended.Forward-looking statementsCertain statements  beliefs and opinions in this press release are forward-looking  which reflect the Company's or  as appropriate  the Company directors' or managements' current expectations and projections concerning future events such as the Company's results of operations  financial condition  liquidity  performance  prospects  growth  strategies and the industry in which the Company operates. By their nature  forward-looking statements involve a number of risks  uncertainties  assumptions and other factors that could cause actual results or events to differ materially from those expressed or implied by the forward-looking statements. These risks  uncertainties  assumptions and factors could adversely affect the outcome and financial effects of the plans and events described herein. A multitude of factors including  but not limited to  changes in demand  competition and technology  can cause actual events  performance or results to differ significantly from any anticipated development. Forward-looking statements contained in this press release regarding past trends or activities are not guarantees of future performance and should not be taken as a representation that such trends or activities will continue in the future. In addition  even if actual results or developments are consistent with the forward-looking statements contained in this press release  those results or developments may not be indicative of results or developments in future periods. No representations and warranties are made as to the accuracy or fairness of such forward-looking statements. As a result  the Company expressly disclaims any obligation or undertaking to release any updates or revisions to any forward-looking statements in this press release as a result of any change in expectations or any change in events  conditions  assumptions or circumstances on which these forward-looking statements are based  except if specifically required to do so by law or regulation. Neither the Company nor its advisers or representatives nor any of its subsidiary undertakings or any such person's officers or employees guarantees that the assumptions underlying such forward-looking statements are free from errors nor does either accept any responsibility for the future accuracy of the forward-looking statements contained in this press release or the actual occurrence of the forecasted developments. You should not place undue reliance on forward-looking statements  which speak only as of the date of this press release.,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,mixed,0.1,0.07,0.82,True,English,"['Biocartis Group NV', 'Press release', '2022 Annual Report', '11 April', 'key unmet clinical needs', 'faster, informed treatment decisions', 'U.S. Securities Act', 'English Dutch PRESS RELEASE', 'innovative molecular diagnostics company', 'molecular diagnostics market', 'various recapitalization transactions', 'Generaal de Wittelaan', 'Polymerase Chain Reaction', 'fastest growing segment', ""annual shareholders' meeting"", 'proprietary Idylla™ platform', 'accurate molecular information', 'molecular diagnostic tests', 'The Idylla™ platform', 'Biocartis Group NV', 'consolidated financial statements', 'individual Biocartis product', 'United States Securities', 'Biocartis’ 2022 annual report', 'accounting treatment', 'molecular testing', 'product labeling', 'financial condition', 'financial effects', 'REGULATED INFORMATION', 'Euronext Brussels', 'publication date', 'Friday 12 May', 'More information', 'personalized medicine', 'real-time PCR', 'based system', 'minimum amount', 'expanding menu', 'liver cancer', 'other countries', 'Idylla™ trademark', 'Exchange Commission', 'Forward-looking statements', 'subsidiary undertakings', 'The Biocartis', 'future periods', 'universal access', 'current expectations', 'past trends', 'actual events', 'other factors', 'actual results', 'future events', 'future performance', '29 March', '07:00 CEST', '11 April', 'Mechelen', 'Belgium', 'BCART', 'audit', 'respect', 'presentation', '16 January', 'invitation', 'offices', 'mail', 'revolutionary', 'patients', 'world', 'sample', 'house', 'focus', 'oncology', 'melanoma', 'colorectal', 'lung', 'COVID', 'Flu', 'RSV', 'sepsis', 'Twitter', 'Facebook', 'LinkedIn', 'trademarks', 'Europe', 'logo', 'applicable', 'uses', 'distribution', 'jurisdiction', 'persons', 'restrictions', 'responsibility', 'violation', 'offer', 'sale', 'purchase', 'America', 'registration', 'exemption', 'beliefs', 'opinions', 'projections', 'operations', 'liquidity', 'prospects', 'growth', 'strategies', 'industry', 'nature', 'number', 'risks', 'uncertainties', 'assumptions', 'outcome', 'plans', 'multitude', 'changes', 'demand', 'competition', 'technology', 'development', 'activities', 'guarantees', 'addition', 'warranties', 'accuracy', 'fairness', 'obligation', 'updates', 'revisions', 'conditions', 'circumstances', 'law', 'regulation', 'advisers', 'representatives', '2:00']",2023-03-29,2023-03-30,globenewswire.com
21688,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/WOLTERS-KLUWER-6291/news/Xelidoni-selects-Wolters-Kluwer-s-OneSumX-for-Risk-Management-43363587/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230329,Xelidoni selects Wolters Kluwer's OneSumX for Risk Management,(marketscreener.com) Xelidoni has chosen to implement award-winning software from Wolters Kluwer Finance  Risk & Regulatory Reporting   having selected the OneSumX for Risk Management solution.Xelidoni uses blockchain technology to create a more efficient …,Xelidoni has chosen to implement award-winning software from Wolters Kluwer Finance  Risk & Regulatory Reporting (FRR)  having selected the OneSumX for Risk Management solution.Xelidoni uses blockchain technology to create a more efficient house rental process and address the issues associated with current rent deposit models. Its business model enables tenants to earn interest income on their deposit and streamline administrative processes for a faster  more secure  and convenient rental experience.OneSumX for Risk Management gives banks and financial institutions advanced ways to measure  mitigate and manage financial and regulatory risk  featuring a fully scalable  dedicated data management platform that provides analytics and reporting with speed and accuracy.“Xelidoni uses smart contracts to connect to our rental agency customers’ Customer Relationship Management (CRM) systems ” said Joana Morais  Founder and CEO of Xelidoni. “We were looking for a strong  industry-recognized risk management solution to support our model  helping ensure that the data transfers between those agencies and Xelidoni are extremely fast and secured. With its industry-leading technology  Wolters Kluwer provides us a superior level of capabilities and domain expertise  enabling us to leverage the benefits of the blockchain and generate interest income to reward our clients’ tenants.”“This arrangement builds on Wolters Kluwer’s longstanding strength in cultivating deep customer relationships  driving continuous engagement  and reinforcing our purpose in being a responsive and trusted partner to the clients we serve ” said Kris Van Bavel  Managing Director of Wolters Kluwer FRR for the EMEA region. “We welcome the opportunity to collaborate with Xelidoni to deliver a risk management solution that will complement their offerings and support their long-term growth strategy.”Wolters Kluwer FRR  which is part of the company’s Corporate Performance & ESG division  is a global market leader in the provision of integrated regulatory compliance and reporting solutions. It supports regulated financial institutions in meeting their obligations to external regulators and their own board of directors.About Wolters KluwerWolters Kluwer (EURONEXT: WKL) is a global leader in information  software  and services for professionals in healthcare  tax and accounting  financial and corporate compliance  legal and regulatory  and corporate performance and ESG. We help our customers make critical decisions every day by providing expert solutions that combine deep domain knowledge with specialized technology and services.Wolters Kluwer reported 2022 annual revenues of €5.5 billion. The group serves customers in over 180 countries  maintains operations in over 40 countries  and employs approximately 20 000 people worldwide. The company is headquartered in Alphen aan den Rijn  the Netherlands.For more information  visit www.wolterskluwer.com  follow us on LinkedIn  Twitter  Facebook  and YouTube.View source version on businesswire.com: https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20230329005107/en/,neutral,0.0,0.93,0.06,mixed,0.58,0.22,0.2,True,English,"['Wolters Kluwer', 'Risk Management', 'Xelidoni', 'OneSumX', 'rental agency customers’ Customer Relationship Management', 'scalable, dedicated data management platform', 'strong, industry-recognized risk management solution', 'efficient house rental process', 'Alphen aan den Rijn', 'current rent deposit models', 'deep customer relationships', 'convenient rental experience', 'Kris Van Bavel', 'long-term growth strategy', 'deep domain knowledge', 'global market leader', 'Wolters Kluwer Finance', 'integrated regulatory compliance', 'regulated financial institutions', 'Wolters Kluwer FRR', 'data transfers', 'global leader', 'regulatory risk', 'domain expertise', 'corporate compliance', 'interest income', 'administrative processes', 'advanced ways', 'smart contracts', 'CRM) systems', 'Joana Morais', 'industry-leading technology', 'superior level', 'longstanding strength', 'continuous engagement', 'trusted partner', 'Managing Director', 'EMEA region', 'Corporate Performance', 'external regulators', 'critical decisions', 'expert solutions', 'specialized technology', '2022 annual revenues', 'source version', 'Regulatory Reporting', 'reporting solutions', 'award-winning software', 'blockchain technology', 'business model', 'ESG division', 'Xelidoni', 'OneSumX', 'issues', 'tenants', 'banks', 'analytics', 'speed', 'accuracy', 'Founder', 'CEO', 'agencies', 'capabilities', 'benefits', 'arrangement', 'purpose', 'responsive', 'clients', 'opportunity', 'offerings', 'company', 'provision', 'obligations', 'board', 'directors', 'EURONEXT', 'WKL', 'information', 'services', 'professionals', 'healthcare', 'tax', 'accounting', 'legal', 'group', '180 countries', 'operations', '40 countries', '20,000 people', 'Netherlands', 'LinkedIn', 'Twitter', 'Facebook', 'YouTube', 'businesswire']",2023-03-29,2023-03-30,marketscreener.com
21689,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2023/03/29/2636430/0/en/Atos-Provides-an-Update-Regarding-the-ongoing-Strategic-Discussions-with-Airbus.html,Atos Provides an Update Regarding the ongoing Strategic Discussions with Airbus,Atos Provides an Update Regarding the ongoing Strategic Discussions with Airbus  Paris  France  March 29  2023 – Atos takes note of Airbus’ decision to...,English FrenchAtos Provides an Update Regarding the ongoing Strategic Discussions with AirbusParis  France  March 29  2023 – Atos takes note of Airbus’ decision to no longer pursue the discussions it initiated in February 2023  with respect to the potential acquisition of a minority stake of 29.9% in Evidian.Atos confirms it will  with Airbus  explore other options and pursue the work on the long term strategic and technological partnership between Airbus and Evidian which has the potential to create significant value for both companies  with a view of submitting these for consideration to its Board of Directors.###About Evidian“Evidian”  which designs the scope composed of Atos’ digital  big data and security business lines  will be a global leader in data-driven  trusted and sustainable digital transformation. As a new generation digital player with worldwide leading positions in digital  cloud  data  advanced computing and security  it brings deep expertise for all industries in more than 53 countries. By uniting unique high-end technologies across the full digital continuum with 60 000 world-class talents  Evidian expands the possibilities of technologies for enterprises and public authorities  helping them to build their digital future. Evidian is an Atos Group business with an annual revenue of c. € 5 billion.About AtosAtos is a global leader in digital transformation with 111 000 employees and annual revenue of c. € 11 billion. European number one in cybersecurity  cloud and high-performance computing  the Group provides tailored end-to-end solutions for all industries in 69 countries. A pioneer in decarbonization services and products  Atos is committed to a secure and decarbonized digital for its clients. Atos is a SE (Societas Europaea) and listed on Euronext Paris.The purpose of Atos is to help design the future of the information space. Its expertise and services support the development of knowledge  education and research in a multicultural approach and contribute to the development of scientific and technological excellence. Across the world  the Group enables its customers and employees  and members of societies at large to live  work and develop sustainably  in a safe and secure information space.Press contactsAnette Rey | anette.rey@atos.net | +33 (0)6 69 79 84 88Anne Méaux | ameaux@Image7.fr | +33 (0)6 89 87 61 76Arnaud Dupui-Castérès | arnaud.dupuicasteres@vae-solis.com | +33 (0)6 14 17 97 90Attachment,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,neutral,0.03,0.97,0.0,True,English,"['ongoing Strategic Discussions', 'Atos', 'Update', 'Airbus', 'Arnaud Dupui-Castérès', 'new generation digital player', 'long term strategic', 'worldwide leading positions', 'Anne Méaux', 'full digital continuum', 'sustainable digital transformation', 'ongoing Strategic Discussions', 'security business lines', 'unique high-end technologies', 'digital, big data', 'secure information space', 'Atos Group business', 'decarbonized digital', 'digital future', 'English French', 'minority stake', 'other options', 'technological partnership', 'significant value', 'global leader', 'advanced computing', '60,000 world-class talents', 'public authorities', 'annual revenue', 'European number', 'high-performance computing', 'end solutions', 'Societas Europaea', 'multicultural approach', 'technological excellence', 'Press contacts', 'Image7.fr', 'potential acquisition', 'deep expertise', 'decarbonization services', 'Euronext Paris', 'atos.net', 'Airbus’ decision', 'Anette Rey', 'Update', 'France', 'note', 'February', 'respect', 'Evidian', 'work', 'companies', 'view', 'consideration', 'Board', 'Directors', 'scope', 'trusted', 'cloud', 'industries', '53 countries', 'possibilities', 'enterprises', '111,000 employees', 'cybersecurity', 'tailored', '69 countries', 'pioneer', 'products', 'clients', 'purpose', 'development', 'knowledge', 'education', 'research', 'scientific', 'customers', 'members', 'societies', 'large', 'safe', 'ameaux', 'solis', 'Attachment']",2023-03-29,2023-03-30,globenewswire.com
21690,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/ATOS-SE-4612/news/Atos-Provides-an-Update-Regarding-the-ongoing-Strategic-Discussions-with-Airbus-43365065/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230329,Atos Provides an Update Regarding the ongoing Strategic Discussions with Airbus,(marketscreener.com)  Atos Provides an Update Regarding the ongoing Strategic Discussions with Airbus Paris  France  March 29  2023 – Atos takes note of Airbus’ decision to no longer pursue the discussions it initiated in February 2023  with respect to the p…,Atos Provides an Update Regarding the ongoing Strategic Discussions with AirbusParis  France  March 29  2023 – Atos takes note of Airbus’ decision to no longer pursue the discussions it initiated in February 2023  with respect to the potential acquisition of a minority stake of 29.9% in Evidian.Atos confirms it will  with Airbus  explore other options and pursue the work on the long term strategic and technological partnership between Airbus and Evidian which has the potential to create significant value for both companies  with a view of submitting these for consideration to its Board of Directors.###About Evidian“Evidian”  which designs the scope composed of Atos’ digital  big data and security business lines  will be a global leader in data-driven  trusted and sustainable digital transformation. As a new generation digital player with worldwide leading positions in digital  cloud  data  advanced computing and security  it brings deep expertise for all industries in more than 53 countries. By uniting unique high-end technologies across the full digital continuum with 60 000 world-class talents  Evidian expands the possibilities of technologies for enterprises and public authorities  helping them to build their digital future. Evidian is an Atos Group business with an annual revenue of c. € 5 billion.About AtosAtos is a global leader in digital transformation with 111 000 employees and annual revenue of c. € 11 billion. European number one in cybersecurity  cloud and high-performance computing  the Group provides tailored end-to-end solutions for all industries in 69 countries. A pioneer in decarbonization services and products  Atos is committed to a secure and decarbonized digital for its clients. Atos is a SE (Societas Europaea) and listed on Euronext Paris.The purpose of Atos is to help design the future of the information space. Its expertise and services support the development of knowledge  education and research in a multicultural approach and contribute to the development of scientific and technological excellence. Across the world  the Group enables its customers and employees  and members of societies at large to live  work and develop sustainably  in a safe and secure information space.Press contactsAnette Rey | anette.rey@atos.net | +33 (0)6 69 79 84 88Anne Méaux | ameaux@Image7.fr | +33 (0)6 89 87 61 76Arnaud Dupui-Castérès | arnaud.dupuicasteres@vae-solis.com | +33 (0)6 14 17 97 90Attachment,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,neutral,0.02,0.97,0.01,True,English,"['ongoing Strategic Discussions', 'Atos', 'Update', 'Airbus', 'Arnaud Dupui-Castérès', 'new generation digital player', 'Atos’ digital, big data', 'long term strategic', 'worldwide leading positions', 'Anne Méaux', 'full digital continuum', 'sustainable digital transformation', 'ongoing Strategic Discussions', 'security business lines', 'unique high-end technologies', 'secure information space', 'Atos Group business', 'decarbonized digital', 'digital future', 'minority stake', 'other options', 'technological partnership', 'significant value', 'global leader', 'advanced computing', '60,000 world-class talents', 'public authorities', 'annual revenue', 'European number', 'high-performance computing', 'end solutions', 'Societas Europaea', 'multicultural approach', 'technological excellence', 'Press contacts', 'Image7.fr', 'atos.net', 'potential acquisition', 'deep expertise', 'decarbonization services', 'Euronext Paris', 'Airbus’ decision', 'Anette Rey', 'Update', 'France', 'note', 'February', 'respect', 'Evidian', 'work', 'companies', 'view', 'consideration', 'Board', 'Directors', 'scope', 'trusted', 'cloud', 'industries', '53 countries', 'possibilities', 'enterprises', '111,000 employees', 'cybersecurity', 'tailored', '69 countries', 'pioneer', 'products', 'clients', 'purpose', 'development', 'knowledge', 'education', 'research', 'scientific', 'customers', 'members', 'societies', 'large', 'safe', 'ameaux', 'solis', 'Attachment']",2023-03-29,2023-03-30,marketscreener.com
21691,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/ENOGIA-124598158/news/ENOGIA-2022-annual-results-43371766/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230329,ENOGIA: 2022 annual results,(marketscreener.com) ENOGIAENOGIA: 2022 annual results 29-March-2023 / 18:50 CET/CESTDissemination of a French Regulatory News  transmitted by EQS Group.The issuer is solely responsible for the content of this announcement. 2022 annual results  …,2022 annual results12% revenue growth over the year(+39% in the second half)Confirmation of the target of positive EBITDA in 2023Significant increase in revenue expectedover the coming three yearsMarseille  29 March 2023 – 6 p.m.ENOGIA (ISIN code: FR0014004974 – ticker: ALENO  an expert in micro-turbomachinery for the energy transition  is reporting its 2022 annual results  approved by the Board of Directors on 29 March 2023.Arthur Leroux  Chairman and CEO  said: “For the first full year since its IPO on Euronext Growth in July 2021  ENOGIA has delivered on its objective of significant revenue growth  despite headwinds from China where the health situation resulted in the shutdown of the ORC contract signed in 2021. In line with the roadmap  the year was marked by major investments in R&D and a strengthening of teams – particularly the sales team – plus a host of developments and new partnerships. These advances pave the way for a clear acceleration of the growth trajectory  which actually began in the second half of 2022 (+39%)  and an improvement in profitability  with the aim of delivering positive EBITDA in 2023. ENOGIA is operating in a buoyant environment characterised by unprecedented energy efficiency requirements in industry  whose interest in ENOGIA’s solutions is reflected in a robust order book totalling more than €5 million at the end of 2022.”Key advances paving the way for faster business growthIn line with the priorities announced at the time of its IPO on Euronext Growth  ENOGIA increased its investments in R&D and stepped up the pace of new business last year. These two strategic focuses are reflected in an increase in the Company’s headcount to 62 employees at the end of 2022 (compared with 45 at the time of the IPO).In terms of innovation  the Company has successfully consolidated its lead in ORC technology while strengthening its operations in hydrogen fuel cell compressors. In this segment  a new research partnership was signed last October  with the designation of ENOGIA as leader of the SMAC-FC project funded by the France 2030 plan and dedicated to the development of a new generation of more efficient hydrogen compressors.On the sales front  the Company secured its biggest order to date in August 2022  with a €6.5 million contract to supply 40 ORC modules to the world’s largest anaerobic digestion plant. This contract made ENOGIA the leader in the German biogas market in ORC. At the same time  ENOGIA continued to develop commercial partnerships by concluding in November 2022 an agreement with Parlym  a major player in industrial engineering with extensive footprints in France and Africa  for the distribution  promotion and marketing of its ORC modules.Lastly  in 2022  ENOGIA put the finishing touches to its marketing model based on the economy of use. Known as Green Shield Power Solution  the new offer provides industrial companies with ORC modules to secure and reduce their energy bills via long-term agreements (PPA). This low-carbon electricity is produced from their own waste heat. This model  which is synonymous with recurring revenue and greater value creation in the medium term  is being rolled out with the support of two financial partners  the Eiffel Gaz Vert fund and ADEME Investissement.2022 resultsIn € thousands 2021 2022 Change Revenue 2 940 3 296 +356 Operating revenues 4 573 5 760 +1 187 EBITDA[1] (2 155) (4 024) -1 868 Operating profit/(loss) (2 897) (5 093) -2 260 Net financial income/(expense) (307) (128) +243 Net exceptional income/(expenses) 271 287 +16 Tax credits 263 596 +333 Net profit/(loss) (2 670) (4 339) -1 6692022 revenue totalled €3.3 million  up 12% compared with 2021. This performance was achieved despite the shutdown of the ORC contract in China for health reasons (revenue of €1.5 million in 2021). Growth was driven by the ORC business  which benefited from the start of the biogas contract in Germany  while revenues from the Hydrogen Fuel Cell Compressors business were up by 71%.The proportion of business derived from exports represented 92% of revenue last year  compared with 76% in 2021  driven mainly by the development of sales in Europe (excluding France) and Asia.Operating revenues was up 26% year on year  driven by business growth and the planned increase in R&D developments  with capitalised production amounting to €1.8 million in 2022 (€1.3 million in 2021).The post-IPO recruitment campaign  which has now been finalised  resulted in a 56% increase in personnel expenses to €3.9 million in 2022. Other purchases and external expenses were up 44%  reflecting the start of the German ORC contract. EBITDA for the year was €(4.0) million. The operating loss was €5.1 million. After taking into account the research tax credit of €0.6 million  the net loss was €4.3 million.As of end-2022  financial debt amounted to €2.5 million. To date  88% of ENOGIA’s bank loans are at fixed rates.Outlook: positive EBITDA in 2023  revenue growth above 50% per year between 2023 and 2025ENOGIA aims to step up the pace of its business plan in 2023 and to reap the benefits  in terms of both growth and profitability  of investment efforts over the past two years.In an environment offering abundant opportunities (high energy prices  climate challenges)  the sales activity should benefit from the heightened skills of the teams recruited since the IPO  recent partnerships and the development of the Green Shield Power Solution ORC module offer. This dynamic would then continue to fuel a high-quality and highly diversified sales pipeline[2] amounting to more than €140 million as of 31 December 2022  and to ensure the replenishment of the order book [3] which currently totals more than €5 million.At the same time  the Company plans to develop its business model in hydrogen compressors. Capitalising on more than 10 years’ expertise in micro-turbomachinery design  ENOGIA has developed a range of products based on customised compressors offering unrivalled performance and compactness. While this value proposition is attracting keen interest from fuel cell manufacturers  the longer-than-expected rollout upstream of the chain (infrastructure) and the need for a certified and referenced production system by the road transport industry are now prompting ENOGIA to consider an industrial partnership to ensure the full development potential of its technology.In this context  the Company specifies its new objectives for the next three years. In line with the momentum shown in the second half of 2022  ENOGIA remains entirely confident in its ability to significantly accelerate its growth trajectory. For 2023  ENOGIA expects revenue to increase by more than 50% and full-year EBITDA to be positive thanks to the economies of scale generated by business. This momentum is expected to continue In the longer term  with average revenue growth also expected to exceed 50% per annum in 2024 and 2025.Next release:Half-year revenue on 27 July 2023 after tradingAbout ENOGIA ENOGIA responds to the major challenges of the ecological and energy transition with its unique and patented technology of compact  light and durable micro-turbomachinery. As the French leader in heat-to-electricity conversion with its wide range of ORC modules  ENOGIA enables its customers to produce decarbonised electricity and to recover waste or renewable heat. Since 2020  ENOGIA has also been marketing air compressors for Hydrogen Fuel Cells  thereby contributing to the development of hydrogen mobility  a booming market. With sales in more than 25 countries  ENOGIA continues to prospect for new customers in France and internationally. Founded in 2009 and based in Marseille  ENOGIA has nearly 60 employees involved in the design  production and marketing of environmentally friendly technological solutions. ENOGIA’s CSR commitment represents an “Advanced” level of performance according to EthiFinance. ENOGIA is listed on Euronext Growth Paris. Ticker: ALENO. ISIN code: FR0014004974. LEI: 969500IANLNITRI3R653. Contacts EnogiaAntonin Pauchet Deputy CEOantonin.pauchet@enogia.com04 84 25 60 17ActifinMarianne PyInvestor relationsmpy@actifin.fr01 80 48 25 31 ActifinLoris Daougabel Press relationsldaougabel@actifin.fr01 56 88 11 16Find all of ENOGIA’s news onhttps://enogia.com/investisseurs,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,mixed,0.49,0.14,0.37,True,English,"['2022 annual results', 'ENOGIA', 'Hydrogen Fuel Cell Compressors business', 'largest anaerobic digestion plant', 'Green Shield Power Solution', 'Eiffel Gaz Vert fund', 'unprecedented energy efficiency requirements', 'efficient hydrogen compressors', 'coming three years', 'two strategic focuses', 'greater value creation', 'post-IPO recruitment campaign', 'two financial partners', 'robust order book', 'German biogas market', 'Net exceptional income', 'research tax credit', 'new research partnership', 'Net financial income', 'faster business growth', 'first full year', 'German ORC contract', 'R&D developments', 'significant revenue growth', 'energy transition', 'energy bills', 'financial debt', 'new business', 'biggest order', '16 Tax credits', 'Net profit', 'biogas contract', 'ORC business', 'business plan', 'new partnerships', 'new generation', 'new offer', 'net loss', 'Euronext Growth', 'growth trajectory', 'second half', 'ISIN code', 'Arthur Leroux', 'health situation', 'clear acceleration', 'buoyant environment', 'ORC technology', '€6.5 million contract', '40 ORC modules', 'commercial partnerships', 'major player', 'industrial engineering', 'extensive footprints', 'finishing touches', 'industrial companies', 'long-term agreements', 'low-carbon electricity', 'waste heat', 'medium term', 'ADEME Investissement', 'Operating profit', 'health reasons', 'capitalised production', 'Other purchases', 'bank loans', 'fixed rates', '12% revenue growth', 'Significant increase', '2022 annual results', 'sales team', 'sales front', 'recurring revenue', 'Change Revenue', 'Operating revenues', 'personnel expenses', 'external expenses', 'operating loss', 'positive EBITDA', 'major investments', 'Key advances', 'France 2030 plan', 'same time', 'marketing model', '2022 results', '2022 revenue', '56% increase', 'Confirmation', 'target', 'Marseille', '29 March', 'ENOGIA', 'ticker', 'ALENO', 'expert', 'micro-turbomachinery', 'Board', 'Directors', 'Chairman', 'CEO', 'July', 'objective', 'headwinds', 'China', 'shutdown', 'line', 'roadmap', 'strengthening', 'teams', 'host', 'way', 'improvement', 'profitability', 'aim', 'industry', 'interest', 'solutions', 'end', 'priorities', 'pace', 'Company', 'headcount', '62 employees', 'terms', 'innovation', 'lead', 'operations', 'segment', 'designation', 'SMAC-FC', 'date', 'August', 'world', 'November', 'Parlym', 'Africa', 'distribution', 'promotion', 'economy', 'PPA', 'support', 'performance', 'start', 'Germany', 'proportion', 'exports', 'Europe', 'Asia', 'account', 'Outlook', '2023']",2023-03-29,2023-03-30,marketscreener.com
21692,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/RACING-FORCE-S-P-A-129457864/news/Racing-Force-S-p-a-The-Board-of-Directors-approved-2022-Financial-Statements-Revenues-26-1-43371204/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230329,Racing Force S.p.a. :  The Board of Directors approved 2022 Financial Statements Revenues +26.1% y/y  Net income +53.6% y/y Proposed dividend distribution of EUR 2.3 million,(marketscreener.com) B) -C)4 420 095 670 887 3 749 208helmets  communication systems and racewear  which are characterized by higher average marginality than other products offered by the Group  net of the increases recorded in logistics  commercial and stru…,"THE BOARD OF DIRECTORS OF RACING FORCE S.P.A. APPROVED THE DRAFT FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AS OF DECEMBER 31st  2022 AND THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 2022- Revenues: €58.9 million (+26.1% vs. 2021)- EBITDA Adj.1 : €11.7 million (19.8% EBITDA margin and +30.5% vs. 2021)- Adj. Net Income: €7.6 million (12.9% on Revenues and +53.6% vs. 2021)- Operating Cash Flow: €3.2 million (€4.5 million in 2021)- Net debt: €4.4 million (€0.7million in 2021)Proposed dividend: €2.3 million (DPS €0.09 vs. €0.07 in 2021)Ronco Scrivia (Genoa  Italy) March 29th  2023 - The Board of Directors of Racing Force S.p.A.  parent company of Racing Force Group  which is specialized in the development  production and marketing of safety components for motor racing worldwide  as well as listed on the Euronext Growth Milan (RFG) and Paris (ALRFG) segments  met today and approved the draft financial statements as of December 31st  2022  as well as the consolidated financial statements for 2022  drafted in compliance with the Euronext Growth Milan Issuers' Regulations.Paolo Delprato  President and CEO of Racing Force Group  remarked: ""Fiscal year 2022 demonstrated once again how resilient our Group is in a market environment characterized by great uncertainty. The persistence of geopolitical tensions and strong inflationary and supply chain tensions have significantly increased the pressure on management. In this difficult scenario  the Group closed 2022 with highly positive results  driven by substantial growth and increasing marginality  as well as by a strong capital and financial structure  further strengthened by the share capital increase successfully completed in January 2023. The investment plan already launched  also thanks to the aforementioned capital increase to support1 Adjusted figures are reported net of non-recurring costs and revenues relating to the listing on EG Milan and EG Paris recognized in the profit & loss during the fiscal year for Euro 30 thousand (Euro 1 054 thousand in 2021).the Group's growth and diversification program  combined with the proven effectiveness of our management strategies  enable us to target significant growth for the coming years.Once again I want to share the successful results achieved in the last fiscal year with all the women and men who work in our Group and who represent the real driving force behind our success”.Summary of Group Results as of December 31st  2022- Group Revenues amounted to €58.9 million  with a significant increase compared to FY 2021 (+26.1%). With this result  average revenue growth rate over the last three years (CAGR 2019-2022) stands at 17.2%  on a like-for-like basis.The increase characterized all geographic areas in which Racing Force operates  with strong increases in all major product categories.- Adjusted EBITDA was €11.7 million (EBITDA margin 19.8%)  a significant increase from the previous year  where it stood at €9.0 million (EBITDA margin 19.2%). This increase is mainly due to higher Contribution Margin (+35.2% compared to 2021)  driven by the increase in sales of helmets  communication systems and racewear  which are characterized by a higher average marginality compared to other products offered by the Group  net of the price increases recorded during the year  both in terms of costs related to some raw materials and  particularly  in terms of logistics costs.- Adjusted EBIT was €8.8 million (15.0% EBIT margin)  increasing from 2021 (€6.6 million  14.1% EBIT margin).- Adjusted Net Income was €7.6 million (12.9% of Revenues)  growing by +53.6% compared to the previous year (€4.9 million  10.6% of Revenues).- During the year  the Group generated a Cash Flow from Operations of €3.2 million  compared to the figure of €4.5 in 2021. In fact  during 2022  a non-recurring strategy of advance procurement was implemented  resulting in a significant increase in inventories and a consequent cash absorption  with the aim of i) reducing risks related to raw material availability and price fluctuation and ii) bringing inventories to a level considered adequate to support sales growth and further increase the quality of customer service.- The Group's Net Financial Position passed from a net debt of €0.7 million at the end of 2021 to a net debt of €4.4 million at the end of 2022. Cash flow generated from operating activities for €3.2 million was used to meet the cash requirements of operations carried out during the fiscal year and  in particular  contributed to finance the investments in fixed assets amounting to €4.3 million and the payment of dividends to shareholders for €1.7 million.Management AnalysisEconomic figures in 2022  once again particularly positive  are due to the contribution in terms of sales and margins of all the Group's companies. Growth is due to the increasing integration and synergies among the Group's brands  while the increase in percentage margins is mainly related to a different composition of the sales mix and  particularly  to the increase in sales of% of % of VarianceRevenueRevenueRevenue58 872 869 46 674 333 12 198 536 Gross profit36 781 921 62.5%27 203 485 58.3%9 578 436 EBITDA11 655 647 19.8%7 900 679 16.9%3 754 967 Costs/revenues incurred for IPO EG Milan & Paris29 518 0.1%1 053 586 2.3%(1 024 068) Adjusted EBITDA11 685 165 19.8%8 954 265 19.2%2 730 899 Bad Debt and write offs141 268 0.2%138 111 0.3%3 157 Depreciation2 700 862 4.6%2 251 467 4.8%449 394 EBIT8 813 517 15.0%5 511 101 11.8%3 302 416 Adjusted EBIT8 843 035 15.0%6 564 687 14.1%2 278 348 Finance income/(loss)(100 029) 0.2%(276 040) 0.6%176 011 Taxes1 164 425 2.0%1 067 392 2.3%97 033 Net result7 549 063 12.8%4 167 669 8.9%3 381 394 Adjusted net result7 570 345 12.9%4 927 304 10.6%2 643 041 Cash flow from operations3 156 686 5.4%4 455 075 9.5%(1 298 389) Adjusted cash flow from operations3 186 204 5.4%5 508 661 11.8%(2 322 457) 2022202112.31.202212.31.2021VarianceDebts with banks (A)- Short term5 744 100 7 894 319 (2 150 219)- Long term8 574 373 10 874 527 (2 300 154)Cash and cash equivalents (B)9 838 378 17 752 959 (7 914 581)Finance active loans (C)Short term loan to Racing Spirit Llc- 265 000 (265 000)Long term loan to KJK Protective Technologies LLC60 000 80 000 (20 000)Net Financial Position: A) - B) -C)4 420 095 670 887 3 749 208helmets  communication systems and racewear  which are characterized by higher average marginality than other products offered by the Group  net of the increases recorded in logistics  commercial and structural costs.Balance sheet figures are influenced by the change in the strategy of advance procurement for all the Group's companies  aimed at achieving a significant increase in the quality of service and a reduction of the risks related to the supply chain.***Current TradingIn January 2023 Racing Force Group successfully completed a capital increase of €10 million through an ABB (Accelerated Book Building) procedure. This increase is aimed at further strengthening the Group's capital structure in view of the implementation of the investment plan  which has already started  with the target to increase the production and logistics capacity of the main operating hubs of the Group  in order to support the expected further growth and the implementation of the diversification projects  the first results of which will start to be delivered as early as 2023 and  to a more significant extent  from 2024 onwards.The continuation of the war between Russia and Ukraine has kept the global geo-political risk high  coupled with very strong economic and financial tensions in the markets. Regardless of how the current crisis is resolved  the consequences could be long-term and adversely affect markets. In this context of great uncertainty  the strong capital structure of the Group and the effectiveness of the management strategies allow us to look forward to the near future confidently  albeit with the need to constantly monitor the ever-changing scenario.In the first two months of 2023  the Group maintained a double-digit growth in terms of sales  hitting a new all-time high. In terms of product margins  measures taken on price lists and careful planning of purchases have  to date  made it possible to contain the effect of fluctuations in the cost of raw materials.***Allocation of net resultThe Board of Directors of Racing Force S.p.A. has proposed to the Shareholders' Meeting to allocate the net profit for fiscal year 2022  amounting to 2 955 976 euros  as follows:- €39 835 euros to the legal reserve  in order to reach one-fifth of the share capital;- €2 312 928 to dividends to be distributed  amounting to €0.09 per share  before withholding tax  with an ex-dividend date of May 15th  2023  in accordance with the 2022 Euronext Growth Milan calendar  an entitlement date of May 16th  2023 and a dividend payment date of May 17th  2023;- The residual part  equal to € 603 213  to retained earnings.***Calling of the Ordinary Meeting of ShareholdersThe Board of Directors resolved to convene the Company's Ordinary General Meeting of Shareholders on April 28th  2023  in a single call  to approve the financial statements of Racing Force S.p.A. for the year ended December 31st  2022  including the Board of Directors' report on operations  the Board of Statutory Auditors' report  and the independent auditors' report.***Filing of DocumentationThe notice of call and the related documentation prescribed by applicable regulations  including the draft financial statements as of December 31st  2022  the management report  the directors' reports on the items on the agenda of the Shareholders' Meeting  the report of the Board of Statutory Auditors and the independent auditors' report  will be available to the public  within the terms of the law  at the registered office located at Via E. Bazzano 5  16019 Ronco Scrivia (GE - Italy) as well as by publication on the institutional website www.racingforce.com  Investor Relations section and on the authorized storage mechanism www.emarketsdirstorage.it.It should be noted that the audit of the draft financial statements has not yet been finalized and that the auditors' report will therefore be made available within the legal deadlines.This press release is available in the Investor Relations section of the website www.racingforce.com.***Presentation of the resultsThe results for the year ended December 31st  2022 will be presented to analysts and investors on March 30th  2023 at 10:00 a.m. (CET)  through Microsoft Teams platform  using the following link:Microsoft Teams meetingJoin on your computer  mobile app or room deviceClick here to join the meetingMeeting ID: 340 709 508 853 Passcode: EUYc8eDownload Teams | Join on the webJoin with a video conferencing devicetpicap@m.webex.comVideo Conference ID: 126 773 887 6Alternate VTC instructionsLearn More | Meeting optionsThe presentation supporting the conference call will be made available on the Company's website www.racingforce.com in the Investor Relations section of the website to the following link: https://ir.racingforce.com/en/presentations.This publication embed ""🔒 Actusnews SECURITY MASTER "".- SECURITY MASTER Key: lWhxZZeZZm+Wl55pZZhqbpWUZphnmmTGl2SWm2NsaJbIaHFiyGiSm5jLZnBqlmVq- Check this key: https://www.security-master-key.com.Regulated information:Inside Information:- Information on annual revenues Full and original press release in PDF: https://www.actusnews.com/news/79104-rfg-fy-2022-press-release-eng-20230329.pdfReceive by email the next press releases of the company by registering on www.actusnews.com  it's free© 2023 ActusNews",neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,mixed,0.47,0.11,0.42,True,English,"['Racing Force S.', '2022 Financial Statements Revenues', 'Net income', 'dividend distribution', 'Board', 'Directors', ""Euronext Growth Milan Issuers' Regulations"", 'Racing Force S.p.A.', 'average revenue growth rate', 'real driving force', 'major product categories', 'higher average marginality', 'DRAFT FINANCIAL STATEMENTS', 'CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 2022', 'supply chain tensions', 'last three years', 'raw material availability', 'consequent cash absorption', 'Net Financial Position', 'Adj. Net Income', 'Racing Force Group', 'Operating Cash Flow', 'higher Contribution Margin', 'last fiscal year', 'share capital increase', 'EG Milan', 'motor racing', 'financial structure', 'geopolitical tensions', 'substantial growth', 'increasing marginality', 'significant growth', 'coming years', 'raw materials', 'operating activities', 'cash requirements', 'Net debt', 'strong capital', 'Ronco Scrivia', 'parent company', 'safety components', 'ALRFG) segments', 'Paolo Delprato', 'market environment', 'great uncertainty', 'strong inflationary', 'difficult scenario', 'positive results', 'investment plan', 'diversification program', 'proven effectiveness', 'successful results', 'geographic areas', 'strong increases', 'communication systems', 'other products', 'price increases', 'advance procurement', 'price fluctuation', 'customer service', 'fixed assets', 'Economic figures', 'increasing integration', 'different composition', 'sales growth', 'previous year', '8% EBITDA margin', '14.1% EBIT margin', 'recurring costs', 'management strategies', 'logistics costs', 'Management Analysis', 'significant increase', 'Group Results', '1 Adjusted figures', 'EG Paris', 'percentage margins', 'sales mix', 'The Group', 'Group Revenues', 'BOARD', 'DIRECTORS', 'DECEMBER', 'dividend', 'DPS', 'Genoa', 'Italy', 'development', 'production', 'marketing', 'compliance', 'President', 'CEO', 'persistence', 'pressure', 'January', 'non', 'listing', 'profit', 'loss', 'women', 'Summary', 'FY', 'CAGR', 'basis', 'helmets', 'racewear', 'terms', 'Operations', 'fact', 'inventories', 'aim', 'risks', 'level', 'quality', 'investments', 'payment', 'shareholders', 'companies', 'synergies', 'brands', 'VarianceRevenueRevenueRevenue58']",2023-03-29,2023-03-30,marketscreener.com
21693,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/concentrix-combine-webhelp-creating-diversified-201000287.html,Concentrix to Combine with Webhelp  Creating a Diversified Global CX Leader  Well-Positioned for Growth,Enhances Concentrix’ position as a leader in $550B+ growing CX marketAdds clients in attractive growing markets  further diversifying our marquee client...,ConcentrixEnhances Concentrix’ position as a leader in $550B+ growing CX marketAdds clients in attractive growing markets  further diversifying our marquee client listSignificantly expands footprint in Europe  Latin America  and AfricaExpands breadth and global reach of high-value services and digital capabilitiesStrengthens support for clients and staff  combining complementary culturesAccretive to revenue growth  profitability  and non-GAAP EPS in first yearConference call today at 5:00 PM EDTNEWARK  Calif.  March 29  2023 (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) -- Concentrix Corporation (Nasdaq: CNXC)  a leading global provider of customer experience (CX) services and technologies  today announced they have entered into an agreement to combine with Webhelp in a transaction valued at approximately $4.8 billion  including net debt. Webhelp is a recognized leader in the market  specializing in CX  sales  marketing  and payment services with a strong client and delivery footprint in Europe  Latin America  and Africa. The combined company  with approximately $9.8 billion in estimated pro forma 2023 annual revenues and a complementary global presence  will be uniquely positioned to grow faster than the market and transform customer experiences with innovative technology for the world’s best brands.This combination marks a key milestone for the two companies  as they come together with a complementary culture  footprint  capabilities  and vision. Chris Caldwell  President and CEO of Concentrix  will lead the combined organization. “We are honored and excited to join forces with Webhelp  a recognized and game-changing leader in Europe  Latin America  and Africa that shares our culture  values and fanatical focus on people and the success of our valued clients. As we embark on this new journey together  we will have the most impressive toolkit of high-value services and digital capabilities  and a complementary portfolio of approximately 2 000 amazing clients with a diversified and robust revenue stream. With our combined strengths  we will be uniquely positioned to redefine the industry and design  build and run the future of CX ” said Chris Caldwell.Story continues“I am excited to begin the next chapter as we come together  aligned in our culture  ‘think human’ mentality  and ambitious plans for the future. I’ve always said that Webhelp’s most precious assets are our clients and our people. Blending strengths of both incredible companies will allow us to keep clients at the heart by offering them the most complete range of solutions  while improving our attractiveness toward talent and investing in technology ” said Olivier Duha  Co-founder and CEO of Webhelp.Ian Gallienne  CEO of Groupe Bruxelles Lambert (“GBL”)  the majority stakeholder in Webhelp since 2019  said  “Following the remarkable development of Webhelp since our investment in 2019  GBL is looking forward to being part of the continued success and growth story that lies ahead. The combined entity will be a leading and transformative force in the marketplace  positioned to create substantial value for all stakeholders.”Compelling Strategic BenefitsEnhances Concentrix’ position as a leader in $550B+ growing CX market. Webhelp is a CX leader in Europe  Latin America  and Africa. The pro forma combined company is expected to have $9.8 billion in revenue for fiscal year 2023. The combination is expected to create a leading global CX provider with broad capabilities across digital services and technology  delivered at scale  positioned to accelerate growth in a dynamic market of rapidly changing consumer expectations.Adds clients in attractive growing markets  further diversifying our marquee client list. Webhelp will add approximately 1 000 clients to Concentrix  including 25+ Fortune Global 500 and 200+ new economy clients. The combined company will have approximately 2 000 clients  including 155 Fortune Global 500 clients and 320 new economy clients. Webhelp’s clients are predominantly based outside of North America  and Webhelp will expand Concentrix’ domestic sales presence into 12 additional countries.Significantly expands footprint in Europe  Latin America  and Africa. The transaction establishes one of the most robust  well-balanced global footprints in the industry  enhancing Concentrix’ presence in Europe and Latin America  and establishing its African footprint  all at scale. Webhelp adds over 25 new countries to Concentrix and the combined company will have a robust global footprint across more than 70 countries  with a diversified revenue contribution nearly evenly split between the Americas  Europe  and Asia Pacific.Expands breadth and global reach of high-value services and digital capabilities. The transaction brings together a broad set of offerings combining the digital capabilities of the two entities to better serve the needs of our clients with high-value services. The combined organization will have robust platforms meeting the needs of the strategic verticals it serves. Additionally  the combination is also expected to accelerate Concentrix Catalyst’s global reach by adding Webhelp’s engineering talent in Europe and Latin America.Strengthens support for clients and staff  combining complementary cultures. Both Concentrix and Webhelp have been recognized as leaders globally by Great Places to Work and Comparably. In addition  both companies have earned hundreds of awards for ESG and staff environment  well-being  diversity  and engagement as well as hundreds of client partner of choice awards within the last three years.Accretive to revenue growth  profitability  and non-GAAP EPS in first year. The combination enhances an already attractive financial profile through accretion to revenue growth  profitability  and non-GAAP diluted earnings per share (“EPS”). Webhelp is expected to generate approximately $3.0 billion of revenue and $500 million of adjusted EBITDA in 2023  reflecting over 8% organic constant currency growth. The transaction is expected to be accretive to non-GAAP EPS in the first full year  with double-digit accretion to non-GAAP EPS in the second full year.Transaction Details:Concentrix has entered into a binding put option agreement to combine with Webhelp. Upon completion of customary works council consultations  the parties will enter into a definitive purchase agreement.Under the terms of the agreement  Concentrix will acquire 100% of the shares of Webhelp. Shareholders of Webhelp will receive 14.9 million shares of Concentrix  €500 million of cash proceeds  and a €700 million note payable in two years  bearing an interest rate of 2%  with the right to earn an additional 0.75 million shares of Concentrix if the Concentrix share price reaches $170.00 per share within seven years from the closing of the transaction (based on daily volume weighted average prices measured over a specified period). Additionally  Webhelp’s targeted net debt of approximately €1.55 billion will be refinanced when the transaction closes.Upon closing of the transaction  Concentrix shareholders will own approximately 78% of the combined company with Webhelp shareholders owning approximately 22%.Maintaining its commitment to a diverse board of directors  the combined company will have a ten-member board  including two new board members that are expected to be Olivier Duha as Vice Chair of the Board and Nicolas Gheysens  as a representative of GBL.Cost synergy benefits are expected to be $75 million in the first full year after closing  achieving a minimum of $120 million  net of investments  by the third full year.The combined company will benefit from a strong financial foundation and an investment grade profile  generating strong free cash flows. At close  Concentrix is expected to have approximately $5.1 billion of total debt outstanding  consisting of newly issued senior notes  the €700 million note payable  and its existing credit and accounts receivable securitization facilities. Based on estimated pro forma adjusted EBITDA of approximately $1.6 billion in 2023 and expected net debt of approximately $4.9 billion at close  net debt-to-adjusted EBITDA is expected to be approximately 3x at transaction close and is expected to decrease to close to 2x within two years (excluding any future acquisitions).Total transaction value of $4.8 billion and expected 2023 Webhelp revenue and adjusted EBITDA are based on an assumed exchange rate of 1.08 USD/EUR. The transaction value also reflects a Concentrix share price of $120.00 per share.The transaction is expected to close by the end of the year  subject to customary closing conditions  including approval by Concentrix shareholders and regulatory approvals. Certain shareholders of the company  including MiTAC International Corporation  which collectively owned approximately 15% of Concentrix common stock as of March 29  2023  have agreed to vote their shares in favor of the transaction. Until the transaction is completed  the companies will continue to operate independently.Conference Call and Webcast:A conference call will be held to discuss the transaction and Concentrix’ first quarter financial results on Wednesday  March 29  2023  at 5:00 PM (ET) / 2:00 PM (PT)The live conference call will be webcast in listen-only mode in the Investor Relations section of the Concentrix website under “Events and Presentations” at https://ir.concentrix.com/events-and-presentations.A replay will also be available on the website following the conference call.About ConcentrixWe’re Concentrix (Nasdaq: CNXC)  a leading global provider of customer experience (CX) solutions and technology. We reimagine everything CX to improve business performance for some of the world’s best brands  and the ones that are changing the world as we know it. Every day  we Design  Build and Run CX for over 130 Fortune Global 500 and 125 new economy clients. Whether it’s a specific solution or the whole end-to-end journey  we’ve got it covered. We’re the strategic thinkers who design brand-defining experiences. The tech geeks who build smarter solutions. And the operational experts who run it all and make it work seamlessly. Across 40 countries and 6 continents  we provide services across key industry verticals: technology & consumer electronics; retail  travel & ecommerce; banking  financial services & insurance; healthcare; communications & media; automotive; and energy & public sector. Location: Virtually Everywhere. Visit www.concentrix.com to learn more.About WebhelpWebhelp designs  delivers  and optimizes unforgettable human experiences for today’s digital world – creating game-changing customer journeys. From sales to service  content moderation to credit management  Webhelp is an end-to-end partner across all B2C and B2B customer journeys. Almost 125 000 passionate employees across 58 countries thrive on making a difference for the world’s most exciting brands. Webhelp is currently owned by its management and GBL  a leading global investment holding  as of November 2019. For more information on Webhelp  visit www.webhelp.com.About Groupe Bruxelles LambertGroupe Bruxelles Lambert (“GBL”) is an established investment holding company  with over sixty years of stock exchange listing and a net asset value of €17.8bn at the end of December 2022. As a leading and active investor in Europe  GBL focuses on long-term value creation with the support of a stable family shareholder base. As a responsible company and investor  GBL perceives ESG factors as being inextricably linked to value creation. GBL aims to grow its diversified high-quality portfolio of listed  private and alternative investments.GBL is focused on delivering meaningful growth by providing attractive returns to its shareholders through a combination of growth in its net asset value  a sustainable dividend and share buybacks.GBL is listed on Euronext Brussels (Ticker: GBLB BB; ISIN code: BE0003797140) and is included in the BEL20 index. Visit www.gbl.be to learn more.Use of Non-GAAP InformationWe refer to certain non-GAAP financial measures in this press release  including:Non-GAAP diluted earnings per common share (“EPS”)  which is diluted EPS excluding the per share  tax effected impact of acquisition-related and integration expenses  including related restructuring costs  amortization of intangible assets and share-based compensation.Adjusted earnings before interest  taxes  depreciation  and amortization  or adjusted EBITDA  which is operating income  adjusted to exclude acquisition-related and integration expenses  including related restructuring costs  amortization of intangible assets  and share-based compensation  plus depreciation.We believe that providing this additional information is useful to the reader to better assess and understand base operating performance  especially when comparing results with previous periods and for planning and forecasting in future periods  primarily because management typically monitors the business adjusted for these items in addition to GAAP results. As these non-GAAP financial measures are not calculated in accordance with GAAP  they may not necessarily be comparable to similarly titled measures employed by other companies. These non-GAAP financial measures should not be considered in isolation or as a substitute for the comparable GAAP measures and should be used as a complement to  and in conjunction with  data presented in accordance with GAAP. A reconciliation of these forward-looking non-GAAP financial measures to the most directly comparable GAAP financial measures is not provided because we are unable to provide such reconciliation without unreasonable effort  due to the uncertainty and inherent difficulty of predicting the occurrence and the financial impact of such items and the periods in which such items may be recognized. For the same reasons  we are unable to address the probable significance of the unavailable information  which could be material to future results.A quantitative reconciliation of the pro forma adjusted EBITDA to the most directly comparable GAAP measures cannot be provided without unreasonable efforts due to the forward-looking nature of the adjustments  and their inherent variability. For the same reason  Concentrix is unable to address the probable significance of the unavailable information  which may have a material impact on expected GAAP results.Additional Information and Where to Find ItIn connection with the proposed transaction between Concentrix Corporation (“Concentrix”) and Webhelp  Concentrix plans to file relevant materials with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the “SEC”)  including a proxy statement on Schedule 14A. Promptly after filing its definitive proxy statement with the SEC  Concentrix will mail the definitive proxy statement to each stockholder entitled to vote at the special meeting relating to the transaction. This communication does not constitute an offer to sell or the solicitation of an offer to buy any securities or a solicitation of any vote or approval. INVESTORS AND STOCKHOLDERS ARE URGED TO CAREFULLY READ THE PROXY STATEMENT (INCLUDING ANY AMENDMENTS OR SUPPLEMENTS THERETO AND ANY DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE THEREIN) AND ANY OTHER RELEVANT DOCUMENTS IN CONNECTION WITH THE TRANSACTION THAT CONCENTRIX WILL FILE WITH THE SEC WHEN THEY BECOME AVAILABLE BECAUSE THEY WILL CONTAIN IMPORTANT INFORMATION ABOUT THE TRANSACTION AND THE PARTIES TO THE TRANSACTION. The definitive proxy statement  the preliminary proxy statement  and other relevant materials in connection with the transaction (when they become available) and any other documents filed by Concentrix with the SEC  may be obtained free of charge at the SEC’s website (www.sec.gov) and Concentrix’ website at www.concentrix.com.Participants in the SolicitationConcentrix and its directors and executive officers may be deemed  under SEC rules  to be participants in the solicitation of proxies from Concentrix’ stockholders in connection with the transaction. Information regarding the interests of such individuals in the proposed transaction will be included in the proxy statement relating to such transaction when it is filed with the SEC. You may obtain information about Concentrix’ executive officers and directors in Concentrix’ definitive proxy statement for its 2023 annual meeting of stockholders  which was filed with the SEC on February 9  2023. To the extent holdings of such participants in Concentrix’ securities are not reported  or have changed since the amounts described in the proxy statement for the 2023 annual meeting of stockholders  such changes have been reflected on Statements of Change in Ownership on Form 4 filed with the SEC. These documents may be obtained free of charge from the SEC’s website at www.sec.gov and Concentrix’ website at www.concentrix.com.Information for U.S. Persons Holding Webhelp SharesThis proposed business combination is made for the securities of a non-U.S. company. The offer is subject to disclosure and procedural requirements in France and other non-U.S. jurisdictions that are different from those of the United States. The transaction will be structured to comply with the securities laws and regulations in France  the United States and other applicable jurisdictions that are applicable to transactions of this type.It may be difficult for U.S. holders of Webhelp shares to enforce their rights and any claims they may have arising under the federal securities laws of the United States  since Webhelp is incorporated in a non-U.S. jurisdiction  and some or all of its officers and directors may be residents of a non-U.S. jurisdiction. U.S. holders may not be able to sue a non-U.S. company or its officers or directors in a non-U.S. court for violations of the U.S. securities laws. Further  it may be difficult to compel a non-U.S. company and its affiliates to subject themselves to a U.S. court's judgment.Safe Harbor StatementThis news release includes forward-looking statements within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933 and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934. Forward-looking statements include  but are not limited to  statements regarding the combination with Webhelp and the timing thereof  including works council consultations  regulatory approvals and the satisfaction of other closing conditions and the timing thereof  the expected accretion to revenue growth  profitability and non-GAAP EPS and the pace thereof  the estimated size of the transaction and the combined company  including estimated pro forma revenues in 2023  the expected revenue and adjusted EBITDA contributions of the Webhelp business to the Company  the expected growth of the Webhelp business  the expected debt profile and cash flows of the combined company  the pro forma adjusted EBITDA and net debt of the combined company  the expected cost synergies to be achieved from the transaction  and the pro forma ownership structure of the combined company  statements regarding the Company’s expected future financial condition and results of operations  including revenue  operating income  profit margins  effective tax rate and leverage  and statements that include words such as believe  expect  may  will  provide  could and should and other similar expressions. These forward-looking statements are inherently uncertain and involve substantial risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from those expressed or implied by such statements. Risks and uncertainties include  among other things: risks related to the proposed transaction  including that the proposed transaction will not be consummated; the ability to receive shareholder approval and regulatory approvals for the proposed transaction in a timely manner  on acceptable terms or at all  or to satisfy the other closing conditions to the proposed transaction; conditions in the credit markets and the ability to obtain financing for the proposed transaction on a favorable basis if at all; the ability to retain key employees and successfully integrate the Webhelp business; our ability to realize estimated cost savings  synergies or other anticipated benefits of the proposed transaction  or that such benefits may take longer to realize than expected; diversion of management’s attention; the potential impact of the announcement or consummation of the proposed acquisition on relationships with clients and other third parties; risks related to general economic conditions  including consumer demand  interest rates  inflation  supply chains and the effects of the conflict in Ukraine; cyberattacks on our  Webhelp’s or our respective clients’ networks and information technology systems; the failure of our or Webhelp’s staff and contractors to adhere to our and our respective clients’ controls and processes; the inability to protect personal and proprietary information; the inability to execute on our digital CX strategy; the loss of key personnel or the inability to attract and retain staff with the skills and expertise needed for our business; increases in the cost of labor; the effects of the COVID-19 pandemic and other communicable diseases  natural disasters  adverse weather conditions or public health crises; geopolitical  economic and climate- or weather-related risks in regions with a significant concentration of the our or Webhelp’s operations; the inability to successfully identify  complete and integrate strategic acquisitions or investments; competitive conditions in our industry and consolidation of our competitors; higher than expected tax liabilities; the demand for CX solutions and technology; variability in demand by our or Webhelp’s clients or the early termination of our or Webhelp’s client contracts; the level of business activity of our or Webhelp’s clients and the market acceptance and performance of their products and services; currency exchange rate fluctuations; the operability of our or Webhelp’s communication services and information technology systems and networks; changes in law  regulations or regulatory guidance; damage to our or Webhelp’s reputation through the actions or inactions of third parties; investigative or legal actions; and other factors contained in the Company’s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended November 30  2022 filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission and subsequent SEC filings. The Company does not undertake a duty to update forward-looking statements  which speak only as of the date on which they are made.Copyright 2023 Concentrix CorporationAll rights reserved. Concentrix  the Concentrix logo  and all other Concentrix company  product and services names and slogans are trademarks or registered trademarks of Concentrix Corporation and its subsidiaries. Concentrix and the Concentrix logo Reg. U.S. Pat. & Tm. Off. and applicable non-U.S. jurisdictions. Other names and marks are the property of their respective owners.CONTACT: Investor Contact: David Stein Investor Relations Concentrix Corporation +1-513-703-9306 david.stein@concentrix.com,positive,0.64,0.35,0.0,positive,0.78,0.22,0.0,True,English,"['Diversified Global CX Leader', 'Concentrix', 'Webhelp', 'Growth', 'first year Conference call', 'robust, well-balanced global footprints', '$550B+ growing CX market', '200+ new economy clients', 'leading global CX provider', 'Concentrix’ domestic sales presence', 'pro forma combined company', 'attractive growing markets', 'leading global provider', 'Groupe Bruxelles Lambert', '25+ Fortune Global 500', 'marquee client list', 'Compelling Strategic Benefits', 'complementary global presence', 'robust revenue stream', '320 new economy clients', 'robust global footprint', '155 Fortune Global 500 clients', 'diversified revenue contribution', 'global reach', 'fiscal year', 'robust platforms', 'Concentrix’ presence', 'new journey', 'strong client', 'CX) services', 'strategic verticals', '25 new countries', 'dynamic market', 'complementary cultures', 'complementary portfolio', 'combined entity', 'Latin America', 'high-value services', 'GAAP EPS', 'GLOBE NEWSWIRE', 'customer experience', 'net debt', 'payment services', '2023 annual revenues', 'best brands', 'key milestone', 'two companies', 'Chris Caldwell', 'fanatical focus', 'impressive toolkit', 'next chapter', 'human’ mentality', 'ambitious plans', 'precious assets', 'incredible companies', 'complete range', 'Olivier Duha', 'Ian Gallienne', 'majority stakeholder', 'remarkable development', 'transformative force', 'substantial value', 'digital services', 'consumer expectations', 'North America', 'Asia Pacific', 'broad set', 'two entities', 'CX leader', 'revenue growth', 'digital capabilities', 'broad capabilities', 'Concentrix’ position', 'Concentrix Corporation', 'delivery footprint', '12 additional countries', 'African footprint', 'combined organization', 'valued clients', '2,000 amazing clients', 'continued success', 'game-changing leader', 'innovative technology', 'growth story', '70 countries', '1,000 clients', '2,000 clients', 'Europe', 'breadth', 'support', 'staff', 'profitability', 'NEWARK', 'Calif.', 'March', 'Nasdaq', 'CNXC', 'technologies', 'agreement', 'Webhelp', 'transaction', 'marketing', 'world', 'combination', 'vision', 'President', 'CEO', 'forces', 'recognized', 'values', 'people', 'strengths', 'industry', 'design', 'future', 'heart', 'solutions', 'attractiveness', 'talent', 'Co-founder', 'GBL', 'investment', 'part', 'marketplace', 'stakeholders', 'scale', 'Americas', 'offerings', 'needs', '5:00', '2019']",2023-03-29,2023-03-30,finance.yahoo.com
21694,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.prnewswire.co.uk/news-releases/dsm---delivery-of-shares-301785016.html,DSM - delivery of shares,This is a press release by Koninklijke DSM N.V. (Royal DSM)  pursuant to the provisions of Sections 13 paragraphs 1 and 2 of the Dutch Decree on Public Takeover Bids (Besluit openbare biedingen Wft) (the Decree) in connection with the public offer by Danube A…,This is a press release by Koninklijke DSM N.V. (Royal DSM)  pursuant to the provisions of Sections 13 paragraphs 1 and 2 of the Dutch Decree on Public Takeover Bids (Besluit openbare biedingen Wft) (the Decree) in connection with the public offer by Danube AG (to be renamed DSM-Firmenich AG) for all the issued and outstanding ordinary shares in the capital of DSM (the Exchange Offer). This press release does not constitute an offer  or any solicitation of any offer  to buy or subscribe for any securities. This press release is not for general release  publication or distribution  in whole or in part  in or into  directly or indirectly  the United States or any other jurisdiction where such release  publication or distribution would violate applicable laws or regulations.HEERLEN  Netherlands  March 29  2023 /PRNewswire/ -- Following the Offering Circular published on 22 November 2022  Royal DSM is required to announce transactions relating to the ordinary shares in its capital in accordance with the Dutch public offer rules. This includes the delivery of treasury shares to employees in view of settling the vesting of share units or the exercise of stock options.Pursuant to commitments entered into prior to issuing the Offering Circular  DSM has on 29 March 2023 delivered 715 ordinary shares to employees in view of settling the exercise of an equivalent number of stock options granted under the respective DSM Incentive Plan (average exercise price €89.53). On the date hereof  the total number of issued and outstanding DSM ordinary shares is 173 186 732. As a consequence of the delivery included herein  the number of outstanding DSM ordinary shares increased by 0.0004%.DSMRoyal DSM is a global  purpose-led company in Health  Nutrition & Bioscience  applying science to improve the health of people  animals and the planet. DSM's purpose is to create brighter lives for all. DSM's products and solutions address some of the world's biggest challenges while simultaneously creating economic  environmental and societal value for all its stakeholders – customers  employees  shareholders  and society at large. The company was founded in 1902 and is listed on Euronext Amsterdam. More information can be found at www.dsm.com.Or find us on:LinkedIn: http://www.linkedin.com/company/3108Twitter: http://www.twitter.com/DSMFacebook: http://www.facebook.com/DSMcompanyYouTube: http://www.youtube.com/user/dsmcompanyFor more informationDSM Media Relations Gareth Mead tel. +31 (0) 45 5782420 email media.contacts@dsm.com DSM Investor Relations Dave Huizing tel. +31 (0) 45 5782864 email investor.relations@dsm.comForward-looking statementsThis press release may contain forward-looking statements with respect to DSM's future (financial) performance and position. Such statements are based on current expectations  estimates and projections of DSM and information currently available to the company. DSM cautions readers that such statements involve certain risks and uncertainties that are difficult to predict and therefore it should be understood that many factors can cause actual performance and position to differ materially from these statements. DSM has no obligation to update the statements contained in this press release  unless required by law. The English language version of the press release is leading.Logo - https://mma.prnewswire.com/media/329419/dsm_logo.jpgSOURCE Royal DSM,neutral,0.02,0.98,0.0,mixed,0.26,0.14,0.6,True,English,"['DSM', 'delivery', 'shares', 'DSM Media Relations Gareth Mead', 'DSM Investor Relations Dave Huizing', 'Koninklijke DSM N.V.', 'respective DSM Incentive Plan', 'Dutch public offer rules', 'outstanding DSM ordinary shares', 'outstanding ordinary shares', 'Public Takeover Bids', 'English language version', 'future (financial) performance', 'average exercise price', 'global, purpose-led company', 'SOURCE Royal DSM', '715 ordinary shares', 'treasury shares', 'Dutch Decree', 'actual performance', 'Sections 13 paragraphs', 'biedingen Wft', 'Danube AG', 'Exchange Offer', 'United States', 'other jurisdiction', 'applicable laws', 'Offering Circular', 'share units', 'stock options', 'brighter lives', 'biggest challenges', 'economic, environmental', 'societal value', 'Euronext Amsterdam', 'current expectations', 'many factors', 'press release', 'general release', 'equivalent number', 'total number', 'Forward-looking statements', 'Such statements', 'More information', 'provisions', 'connection', 'capital', 'solicitation', 'securities', 'publication', 'distribution', 'part', 'regulations', 'HEERLEN', 'Netherlands', '22 November', 'transactions', 'accordance', 'delivery', 'employees', 'view', 'vesting', 'commitments', '29 March', 'date', 'consequence', 'Health', 'Nutrition', 'Bioscience', 'people', 'animals', 'planet', 'products', 'solutions', 'world', 'stakeholders', 'customers', 'shareholders', 'society', 'LinkedIn', 'Twitter', 'Facebook', 'DSMcompany', 'YouTube', 'position', 'estimates', 'projections', 'readers', 'risks', 'uncertainties', 'obligation', 'Logo']",2023-03-29,2023-03-30,prnewswire.co.uk
21695,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/ICADE-5021/news/Icade-Availability-of-the-2022-Universal-Registration-Document-URD-and-publication-of-the-Biodiv-43371968/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230329,Icade : Availability of the 2022 Universal Registration Document (URD) and publication of the Biodiversity Report.,(marketscreener.com)   PRESS RELEASE   Paris  March 29  2023  6:15 p.m.   AVAILABILITY OF THE 2022   UNIVERSAL REGISTRATION DOCUMENT    AND PUBLICATION OF THE BIODIVERSITY REPORT   Icade announces that the French version of its 2022 Universal…,"PRESS RELEASEParis  March 29  2023  6:15 p.m.AVAILABILITY OF THE 2022UNIVERSAL REGISTRATION DOCUMENT (URD)AND PUBLICATION OF THE BIODIVERSITY REPORTIcade announces that the French version of its 2022 Universal Registration Document including its annual integrated report was filed with the French Financial Markets Authority (AMF) on March 29  2023 under number D.23-0177.This document can be viewed on or downloaded from:- Icade's website at www.icade.fr under the heading: finance / publications-slideshows - the French Financial Markets Authority's website at www.amf-france.org.It is also available to the public  free of charge  upon request:- by post: Icade - Direction Communication Financière et Relations Investisseurs  27 rue Camille-Desmoulins  92130 Issy-les-Moulineaux  France- by email: investorrelations@icade.frThe Universal Registration Document includes the following:• 2022 annual integrated report (also available as a separate document on Icade's website at www.icade.fr);• 2022 annual financial report and Statutory Auditors' reports on the 2022 financial statements;• Non-financial performance statement;• Board of Directors' corporate governance report;• Information on risk management and internal control procedures;• Information on the Property Investment Divisions' property portfolios and property valuation reports.The URD will be available in English on April 12  2023.Biodiversity reportIcade publishes today an enriched biodiversity report detailing the Group's strategy and its new commitments topreserve biodiversity by 2030.This biodiversity report can be viewed and downloaded from Icade's website under the heading: CSR / environmentAt the General Meeting to be held in April 2023  the Board will ask shareholders to vote on a resolution on the progress we have made as well as our climate goals announced in 2022  our 2022 results and our new 2030 biodiversity commitments.Financial calendar:• Annual General Meeting: Friday  April 21  2023• Q1 financial data: Monday  April 24  2023 before the market opens• Half Year Results: Monday  July 24  2023 before the market opens• Q3 financial data: Monday  October 23  2023 before the market opensABOUT ICADE DESIRABLE PLACES TO LIVEAs an office and healthcare property investment company (portfolio worth €15.1bn on a full consolidation basis as of 12/31/2022) and a developer of homes  offices and public amenities (2022 economic revenue of €1.3bn)  Icade designs  builds  manages and invests in cities  neighbourhoods and buildings that are innovative  diverse  inclusive and connected  with a reduced carbon footprint. Desirable places to live and work. In collaboration with its stakeholders  Icade has made low carbon a strategic priority in order to reinvent real estate and create cities that are healthier  happier and more hospitable. Icade is a key player in Greater Paris and major French cities. It is listed as a ""SIIC"" on Euronext Paris and its leading shareholder is the Caisse des Dépôts group.The text of this press release is available on the Icade website: www.icade.fr/en",neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,positive,0.99,0.01,0.0,True,English,"['2022 Universal Registration Document', 'Biodiversity Report', 'Icade', 'Availability', 'URD', 'publication', 'Caisse des Dépôts group', ""Property Investment Divisions' property portfolios"", 'healthcare property investment company', 'Direction Communication Financière', ""Directors' corporate governance report"", 'French Financial Markets Authority', 'The Universal Registration Document', 'property valuation reports', '2022 Universal Registration Document', ""Statutory Auditors' reports"", 'Non-financial performance statement', 'internal control procedures', 'Q3 financial data', 'full consolidation basis', 'reduced carbon footprint', '2022 annual financial report', 'Half Year Results', 'major French cities', '2022 annual integrated report', 'Annual General Meeting', 'new 2030 biodiversity commitments', 'French version', '2022 financial statements', 'new commitments', 'Financial calendar', 'separate document', 'BIODIVERSITY REPORT', 'low carbon', 'PRESS RELEASE', 'Relations Investisseurs', '27 rue Camille-Desmoulins', 'risk management', 'climate goals', 'DESIRABLE PLACES', 'real estate', 'key player', 'leading shareholder', 'The URD', 'Greater Paris', 'Euronext Paris', 'france.org', 'public amenities', 'Icade website', '2022 results', 'March', 'AVAILABILITY', 'AMF', 'number', 'heading', 'finance', 'publications', 'slideshows', 'charge', 'request', 'post', 'Issy-les-Moulineaux', 'email', 'investorrelations', 'Board', 'Information', 'English', 'April', 'enriched', 'strategy', 'CSR', 'environment', 'shareholders', 'resolution', 'progress', 'Friday', 'Monday', 'LIVE', 'office', 'developer', 'homes', 'neighbourhoods', 'buildings', 'collaboration', 'stakeholders', 'order', 'SIIC', 'text', '6:15', '92130', '12']",2023-03-29,2023-03-30,marketscreener.com
21696,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/WAGA-ENERGY-128249926/news/First-Waga-Energy-cryogenic-distillation-module-sold-to-Air-Liquide-passes-acceptance-testing-43371619/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230329,First Waga Energy cryogenic distillation module sold to Air Liquide passes acceptance testing,(marketscreener.com) Waga EnergyFirst Waga Energy cryogenic distillation module sold to Air Liquide passes acceptance testing 29-March-2023 / 18:30 CET/CESTDissemination of a French Regulatory News  transmitted by EQS Group.The issuer is solely respo…,Press releaseEybens  France  March 29  2023First Waga Energy cryogenic distillation modulesold to Air Liquide passes acceptance testingThe first of three Waga Energy cryogenic distillation modules sold to Air Liquide for its Delevan  Wisconsin RNG plant passed acceptance testing.Air Liquide  a world leader in gases  technologies  and services for industry and health  certified its first Waga Energy cryogenic distillation module after acceptance testing was completed in January. Waga Energy supplied the module for Air Liquide’s RNG plant at the Mallard Ridge landfill in Delavan  Wisconsin.Waga Energy’s patented cryogenic distillation module separates the methane from the air gases nitrogen and oxygen in landfill gas. At the Mallard Ridge RNG plant  the module is implemented with an Air Liquide membrane filtration system. The plant  now up and running  is already producing RNG—a renewable alternative to fossil-based natural gas—from the landfill gas produced on site and injecting it directly into the local gas grid.Separating methane from air gases is an essential step in the landfill gas recovery process. Landfill gas (LFG) is produced when organic material buried in landfills decomposes. When this energy-carrying gas is recovered  however  it is mixed with nitrogen and oxygen  which must be removed before the gas can be injected into the grid. Waga Energy’s patented solution upgrades the landfill gas to a grid-compliant standard by removing these air gases. The company’s innovation—cryogenic distillation—recovers more methane than other solutions on the market. Landfills can leverage this technology to increase their energy production and reduce fugitive methane emissions.Guénaël Prince  CEO of Waga Energy Inc.  said  “Air Liquide is a global leader in the gas industry  so we are obviously thrilled to have lived up to their expectations. This latest project confirms Air Liquide’s continued confidence in Waga Energy and will strengthen the bond that has existed between the two companies since Waga Energy was founded in 2015. Not only is Air Liquide our partner and biggest shareholder  but it is also a constant source of inspiration for us at Waga Energy.”The cryogenic module delivered to Mallard Ridge is the first of three Air Liquide has ordered from Waga Energy for its RNG plants in the US. The other two modules are currently being installed at the Winnebago landfill in Rockford  Illinois  where Air Liquide is building its largest RNG plant in the world to date  with a production capacity of 380 GWh per year.Waga Energy standardized the manufacturing of the cryogenic distillation units for its own patented WAGABOX® landfill gas upgrading units. A WAGABOX® unit is also currently under construction in the United States  at the Steuben County landfill in New York State.About Waga EnergyWaga Energy (EPA: WAGA) produces competitively priced Renewable Natural Gas (also known as “biomethane”) by upgrading landfill gas using a patented purification technology called WAGABOX®. The RNG produced is injected directly into the gas grids to supply individuals and businesses  providing a substitute for natural gas. Waga Energy finances  builds and operates its WAGABOX® units under long-term contracts with landfill operators for the supply of raw gas  and generates income by selling the RNG it generated or by offering upgrading service. At the date of this press release  Waga Energy operates fifteen WAGABOX® units in France  representing an installed capacity of 440 GWh/year. Fourteen units are under construction in France  Spain  Canada and the US. Each project initiated by Waga Energy contributes to the fight against global warming and helps the energy transition. Waga Energy has been listed since October 27  2021  on Euronext Paris. waga-energy.com / Follow us on LinkedIn and Twitter ; Subscribe to the newsletterContact presseLaurent Barbotin+ 33 (0)7 72 77 11 85laurent.barbotin@waga-energy.com,neutral,0.0,0.99,0.0,positive,0.72,0.28,0.0,True,English,"['First Waga Energy cryogenic distillation module', 'Air Liquide', 'acceptance testing', 'First Waga Energy cryogenic distillation module', 'three Waga Energy cryogenic distillation modules', 'Air Liquide membrane filtration system', 'WAGABOX® landfill gas upgrading units', 'Guénaël Prince', 'landfill gas recovery process', 'cryogenic distillation units', 'Mallard Ridge RNG plant', 'other two modules', 'A WAGABOX® unit', 'fifteen WAGABOX® units', 'three Air Liquide', 'New York State', 'Mallard Ridge landfill', 'Steuben County landfill', 'Waga Energy Inc.', 'fossil-based natural gas', 'Press release Eybens', 'largest RNG plant', 'Renewable Natural Gas', 'patented purification technology', 'local gas grid', 'cryogenic module', 'Wisconsin RNG plant', 'Fourteen units', 'Winnebago landfill', 'landfill operators', 'energy production', 'energy transition', 'renewable alternative', 'patented solution', 'other solutions', 'two companies', 'energy-carrying gas', 'gas grids', 'raw gas', 'RNG plants', 'air gases', 'acceptance testing', 'essential step', 'organic material', 'grid-compliant standard', 'global leader', 'continued confidence', 'biggest shareholder', 'constant source', 'production capacity', 'United States', 'long-term contracts', 'installed capacity', 'global warming', 'Euronext Paris', 'Contact presse', 'gas industry', 'world leader', 'latest project', 'Laurent Barbotin', 'methane emissions', 'France', 'March', 'Delevan', 'technologies', 'services', 'health', 'January', 'Delavan', 'nitrogen', 'oxygen', 'site', 'LFG', 'landfills', 'company', 'innovation', 'market', 'CEO', 'expectations', 'bond', 'partner', 'inspiration', 'Rockford', 'Illinois', 'date', '380 GWh', 'year', 'manufacturing', 'construction', 'EPA', 'biomethane', 'individuals', 'businesses', 'substitute', 'supply', 'income', '440 GWh', 'Spain', 'Canada', 'fight', 'October', 'LinkedIn', 'Twitter', 'newsletter', 'waga-energy']",2023-03-29,2023-03-30,marketscreener.com
21697,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/GLENCORE-PLC-8017494/news/Cargill-to-halt-grain-loadings-at-its-Russian-export-terminal-43372726/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230329,Cargill to halt grain loadings at its Russian export terminal,(marketscreener.com) Cargill Inc said onWednesday it would take a further step back from the Russianmarket by no longer handling the top wheat supplier's grain atits export terminal from July  although its shipping unit willcontinue to carry grain from th…,"MOSCOW/CHICAGO  March 29 (Reuters) - Cargill Inc said on Wednesday it would take a further step back from the Russian market by no longer handling the top wheat supplier's grain at its export terminal from July  although its shipping unit will continue to carry grain from the country's ports.The move stoked concerns about global grain supplies disrupted by the 13-month-old war in the Black Sea breadbasket region  lifting benchmark wheat futures prices to multi-week highs.Most international grain traders have stopped new investment in Russia since last year following Moscow's invasion of Ukraine but continued exporting Russian wheat.""As grain export-related challenges continue to mount  Cargill will stop elevating Russian grain for export in July 2023 after the completion of the 2022-2023 season "" the company said in an emailed statement.""Elevating"" refers to the lifting of grain into export vessels.Cargill  which owns a stake in the grain terminal in the Black Sea port of Novorossiisk  did not specify if it was selling the stake.Benchmark Chicago Board of Trade May wheat futures rallied to a one-month peak on Wednesday and closed at $7.04-3/4 a bushel as the news sparked nervousness about grain flows from top wheat exporter Russia. Paris-based Euronext May milling wheat hit a two-week high and settled at 265.25 euros ($287.13) a tonne.""Russian state exporters claim that they'll be able to keep grain moving out at the same pace  but major speculative funds holding large short positions lack confidence in that currently "" Arlan Suderman  chief commodities economist with StoneX  said in a market note.The Russian agriculture ministry had said earlier that Cargill informed it that it would stop its grain export activities from the start of the next season.""The cessation of its export activities on the Russian market will not affect the volume of domestic grain shipments abroad. The company's grain export assets will continue to operate regardless of who manages them "" the agriculture ministry told Reuters.In addition  grain trader Viterra  part-owned by Switzerland-based mining and trading giant Glencore  is planning to stop grain trading in Russia  Bloomberg News reported  citing sources familiar with the matter.A spokesperson for Viterra declined to comment but said a statement would be issued at a later stage.Viterra and Cargill are among the largest exporters of Russian wheat.According to RBC business daily  Cargill will export 2.2 million tonnes of Russian grain in the 2022-23 exporting season  or around 4% of Russia's total grain exports. (Reporting by Olga Popova in Moscow  Karl Plume in Chicago and Sybille de La Hamaide in Paris Additional reporting by Olzhas Auyezov Writing by Sybille de La Hamaide Editing by Josie Kao  Matthew Lewis and Marguerita Choy)",neutral,0.03,0.89,0.08,negative,0.0,0.19,0.81,True,English,"['Russian export terminal', 'grain loadings', 'Cargill', 'Paris-based Euronext May milling wheat', 'Sybille de La Hamaide', 'Black Sea breadbasket region', 'Most international grain traders', 'benchmark wheat futures prices', 'top wheat exporter Russia', 'May wheat futures', 'Black Sea port', 'top wheat supplier', 'major speculative funds', 'large short positions', 'chief commodities economist', 'RBC business daily', '2022-23 exporting season', 'global grain supplies', 'grain export-related challenges', 'domestic grain shipments', 'total grain exports', 'Benchmark Chicago Board', 'Russian state exporters', 'grain export assets', 'Russian agriculture ministry', 'grain export activities', 'grain trader Viterra', 'Russian wheat', 'Russian grain', 'largest exporters', '2022-2023 season', 'next season', 'grain terminal', 'grain flows', 'grain trading', 'Russian market', 'export terminal', 'export vessels', 'shipping unit', '13-month-old war', 'multi-week highs', 'new investment', 'last year', 'one-month peak', 'same pace', 'Arlan Suderman', 'market note', 'Switzerland-based mining', 'trading giant', 'later stage', '2.2 million tonnes', 'Olga Popova', 'Karl Plume', 'Additional reporting', 'Olzhas Auyezov', 'Josie Kao', 'Matthew Lewis', 'Marguerita Choy', 'Bloomberg News', 'Cargill Inc', 'Reuters', 'Wednesday', 'step', 'July', 'country', 'move', 'concerns', 'Moscow', 'invasion', 'Ukraine', 'completion', 'company', 'statement', 'Elevating', 'lifting', 'stake', 'Novorossiisk', 'nervousness', '265.25 euros', 'confidence', 'StoneX', 'start', 'cessation', 'volume', 'Glencore', 'sources', 'matter', 'spokesperson']",2023-03-29,2023-03-30,marketscreener.com
21698,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/D-IETEREN-GROUP-5994/news/D-Ieteren-Repurchase-and-disposal-of-own-shares-43371182/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230329,D'Ieteren : Repurchase and disposal of own shares,(marketscreener.com) 29 Mar 2023 - Own shares   Repurchase and disposal of own shares related to share buyback programme  option scheme and liquidity contract     - This is an abstract. For further details  please refer to the full press release -  …,"29 Mar 2023 - Own sharesRepurchase and disposal of own shares related to share buyback programme  option scheme and liquidity contract- This is an abstract. For further details  please refer to the full press release -In accordance with articles 8:4 and 8:6 of the Royal Decree of 29 April 2019 implementing the Code on Companies and Associations  D'Ieteren Group announces today the purchase and disposal of treasury shares on the regulated market of Euronext Brussels and / or an MTF between 22 and 28 March 2023.The extraordinary shareholders' meeting of D'Ieteren Group renewed on 31 May 2018 the powers of the board of directors to acquire and dispose of own shares for a period of 5 years.The total number of own shares held by D'Ieteren Group reached 1 417 245 on 28 March 2023. The total number of ordinary shares equals 54 367 928.- End of abstract -In existence since 1805  and across family generations  D'Ieteren Group seeks growth and value creation by pursuing a strategy on the long term for its businesses and actively encouraging and supporting them to develop their position in their industry and geographies. The Group currently owns the following businesses:Belron (50.01%) has a clear purpose: ""making a difference by solving people's problems with real care"". It is the worldwide leader in vehicle glass repair and replacement and operates in 37 countries  through wholly owned businesses and franchises  with market leading brands - including Carglass®  Safelite® and Autoglass®. In addition  Belron manages vehicle glass and other insurance claims on behalf of insurance customers. Sales and adjusted operating result reached respectively €5 574m and €1 017m in FY-22.(50.01%) has a clear purpose: ""making a difference by solving people's problems with real care"". It is the worldwide leader in vehicle glass repair and replacement and operates in 37 countries  through wholly owned businesses and franchises  with market leading brands - including Carglass®  Safelite® and Autoglass®. In addition  Belron manages vehicle glass and other insurance claims on behalf of insurance customers. Sales and adjusted operating result reached respectively €5 574m and €1 017m in FY-22. D'Ieteren Automotive (100%) distributes Volkswagen  Audi  SEAT  Škoda  Bentley  Lamborghini  Bugatti  Cupra  Rimac  Microlino  Maserati and Porsche vehicles in Belgium. It has a market share of 22.5% and 1.2 million vehicles on the road. Its business model is evolving towards ""improving the lives of citizens with fluid  accessible and sustainable mobility"". Sales and adjusted operating result reached respectively €3 610m and €139m in FY-22.(100%) distributes Volkswagen  Audi  SEAT  Škoda  Bentley  Lamborghini  Bugatti  Cupra  Rimac  Microlino  Maserati and Porsche vehicles in Belgium. It has a market share of 22.5% and 1.2 million vehicles on the road. Its business model is evolving towards ""improving the lives of citizens with fluid  accessible and sustainable mobility"". Sales and adjusted operating result reached respectively €3 610m and €139m in FY-22. PHE (c.91%) is a leader in the independent distribution of spare parts for vehicles in Western Europe  present in France  Belgium  The Netherlands  Luxemburg  Italy and Spain. Its mission aims at ""promoting affordable and sustainable mobility"". It generated sales of €2 260m and adjusted operating result of €178m in FY-22.(c.91%) is a leader in the independent distribution of spare parts for vehicles in Western Europe  present in France  Belgium  The Netherlands  Luxemburg  Italy and Spain. Its mission aims at ""promoting affordable and sustainable mobility"". It generated sales of €2 260m and adjusted operating result of €178m in FY-22. TVH (40%)  is a leading global independent distributor for aftermarket parts for material handling  construction & industrial  and agricultural equipment. It operates in 26 countries worldwide. It has a unique operating model and has a clear purpose of ""keeping customers going and growing"". It generated sales of €1 622m and an adjusted operating profit of €258m in FY-22.(40%)  is a leading global independent distributor for aftermarket parts for material handling  construction & industrial  and agricultural equipment. It operates in 26 countries worldwide. It has a unique operating model and has a clear purpose of ""keeping customers going and growing"". It generated sales of €1 622m and an adjusted operating profit of €258m in FY-22. Moleskine (100%) is a premium and aspirational lifestyle brand which develops and sells iconic branded notebooks and writing  travel and reading accessories through a global multichannel platform. Its purpose is to ""unleash the human genius through hands on paper to empower creativity and knowledge in each individual and the entire world"". Sales and adjusted operating result reached respectively €143m and €21m in FY-22.(100%) is a premium and aspirational lifestyle brand which develops and sells iconic branded notebooks and writing  travel and reading accessories through a global multichannel platform. Its purpose is to ""unleash the human genius through hands on paper to empower creativity and knowledge in each individual and the entire world"". Sales and adjusted operating result reached respectively €143m and €21m in FY-22. D'Ieteren Immo (100%) groups together the Belgian real estate interests of D'Ieteren Group. It owns and manages 35 sites which generated €22.3m net rental income in FY-22. It also pursues investment projects and carries out studies into possible site renovations.Francis Deprez  Chief Executive OfficerArnaud Laviolette  Chief Financial OfficerStéphanie Voisin  Investor Relations - Tel: + 32 (0)2 536.54.39E-mail: financial.communication@dieterengroup.com - Website: www.dieterengroup.com",neutral,0.0,0.99,0.0,positive,0.82,0.05,0.13,True,English,"[""D'Ieteren"", 'Repurchase', 'disposal', 'shares', 'leading global independent distributor', 'global multichannel platform', 'full press release', ""extraordinary shareholders' meeting"", ""D'Ieteren Automotive"", 'aspirational lifestyle brand', 'iconic branded notebooks', ""D'Ieteren Group"", 'other insurance claims', 'share buyback programme', 'vehicle glass repair', 'unique operating model', 'leading brands', 'independent distribution', 'The Group', 'business model', 'operating result', 'operating profit', 'option scheme', 'liquidity contract', 'Royal Decree', 'Euronext Brussels', 'total number', 'family generations', 'value creation', 'long term', 'real care', 'insurance customers', 'fluid, accessible', 'sustainable mobility', 'spare parts', 'Western Europe', 'The Netherlands', 'aftermarket parts', 'material handling', 'agricultural equipment', 'human genius', 'entire world', 'market share', 'clear purpose', 'Porsche vehicles', '1.2 million vehicles', 'regulated market', 'Own shares', 'treasury shares', 'ordinary shares', 'worldwide leader', 'following businesses', 'Repurchase', 'disposal', 'abstract', 'details', 'accordance', 'articles', '29 April', 'Code', 'Companies', 'Associations', 'MTF', '28 March', '31 May', 'powers', 'board', 'directors', 'period', '5 years', 'existence', 'growth', 'strategy', 'position', 'industry', 'geographies', 'Belron', 'difference', 'people', 'problems', 'replacement', '37 countries', 'franchises', 'Carglass®', 'Safelite', 'Autoglass', 'addition', 'behalf', 'Sales', 'adjusted', 'FY-22', 'Volkswagen', 'Audi', 'SEAT', 'Škoda', 'Bentley', 'Lamborghini', 'Bugatti', 'Cupra', 'Rimac', 'Microlino', 'Maserati', 'Belgium', 'road', 'lives', 'citizens', 'PHE', 'France', 'Luxemburg', 'Italy', 'Spain', 'mission', 'affordable', 'TVH', 'construction', 'industrial', '26 countries', 'Moleskine', 'premium', 'travel', 'accessories', 'hands', 'paper', 'creativity', 'knowledge', 'individual']",2023-03-29,2023-03-30,marketscreener.com
21699,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/GLOBAL-BIOENERGIES-8071529/news/Result-of-capital-increase-with-preferential-subscription-rights-in-a-gross-amount-of-5-6-million-43371091/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230329,Result of capital increase with preferential subscription rights in a gross amount of 5.6 million,(marketscreener.com) This document may not be distributed  directly or indirectly  in the United States of America  Canada  Australia or Japan. Result of capital increase with preferential subscription rights in a gross amount of €5.6 million Evry  29 March 2…,"This document may not be distributed  directly or indirectly  in the United States of America  Canada  Australia or Japan.Result of capital increasewith preferential subscription rightsin a gross amount of €5.6 millionEvry  29 March 2023: Global Bioenergies (the “Company”) announces the result of its capital increase with preferential subscription rights (“PSRs”)  for which the subscription period ran from 10 to 24 March 2023 (the “Offering”)  with €5.6 million in funds raised.Samuel Dubruque  Chief Financial Officer of the Company  said: “We would like to thank all of our shareholders who participated in this operation  enabling Global Bioenergies to roll out its roadmap. This transaction giving priority to our shareholders was carried out in a particularly turbulent stock market environment.”Marc Delcourt  Chief Executive Officer and co-founder of the Company  said: "" We will use these funds to :strengthen our current production chain and generate strong short-term revenue growthcomplete the financing of the 2 000-ton plant carried out by our subsidiary ViaViridia by the summer and prepare the subsequent exploitation of the process  on a larger scale  in the sustainable aviation fuel market.ASTM certification of our process is expected in the coming weeks.”Result of OfferingAt the end of the subscription period  overall demand (on an irreducible  reducible and unrestricted basis) reached 2 574 934 new shares (the “New Shares”) subscribed at a unit price of €2.07  11.7% below the closing price on 28 March 20231  representing 71.3% of the initial gross amount of the Offering  broken down as follows:2 080 266 New Shares on an irreducible basis representing 81% of total New Shares;283 585 New Shares on a reducible basis representing 11% of total New Shares;211 083 New Shares on an unrestricted basis representing 8% of total New Shares.The entire subscription demand on an irreducible  reducible and unrestricted basis was satisfied.In accordance with their subscription commitments  Marc Delcourt  Chief Executive Officer and co-founder of the Company  and the L’Oréal Group  through its BOLD (Business Opportunities for L’Oréal Development) private equity fund  participated in the Offering on an irreducible basis in the amount of €160 thousand and €980 thousand respectively.During the subscription period  the Cristal Union Group also subscribed in proportion to its share of the Company’s capital (1.3%)  in the amount of €100 thousand.Given that the total amount of subscriptions  on an irreducible  reducible and unrestricted basis  represented slightly less than 75% of the initial gross amount of the Offering (€5.3 million)  this engaged to a limited extent (€0.3 million) the underwriting commitments made by 12 qualified investors (the “Underwriters”)  who undertook to subscribe for New Shares not subscribed by the end of the subscription period up to a maximum amount of €4 482 500 representing up to 75% of the initial gross amount of the Offering. Accordingly  132 518 New Shares were issued and allocated among the Underwriters in proportion to their underwriting commitments as follows:New Shares allocated Alpha Blue Ocean 114 175 Dynasty AM 8 869 Sully Patrimoine 5 912 Diede Van Den Ouden 3 562 Total 132 518Reminder on use of Offering proceedsThe gross amount of the Offering  including the share premium  is €5 604 426  i.e. €5.1m net of transaction costs (including €269 thousand for the Underwriters)  and is intended to provide the Company with the means to finance:working capital requirements for the Horizon 2 production line (approximately 50% of the Offering proceeds);further preliminary design studies for the Horizon 3 plant  known as ViaViridia (approximately 40%);additional R&D to further reduce process costs with a view to exploitation at Horizon 4 for the production of sustainable aviation and road fuels (approximately 10%).After the completion of the Offering  the Company’s cash position stands close to €11 million. Given its aim to progressively reduce the gap between cash in and cash out  the Company has a financial visibility beyond 12 months.Settlement-deliverySettlement-delivery and admission of the New Shares to trading on Euronext Growth Paris is scheduled for 31 March 2023 according to the provisional timetable. The New Shares will carry full dividend rights  will be immediately fungible with existing Company shares and will be traded on the same line as those shares under the same ISIN code (FR0011052257 – Symbol: ALGBE).After settlement-delivery  the Company’s share capital will stand at €887 443.05  comprising 17 748 681 shares with a par value of €0.05 each.Impact of Offering on shareholding structureThe following table shows the breakdown of share capital and voting rights before and after completion of the Offering on an undiluted basis:Before completion of the Offering After completion of the Offering Number of shares and theoretical voting rights Percentage of capital and theoretical voting rights Number of shares and theoretical voting rights Percentage of capital and theoretical voting rights BOLD Business Opportunities for L’Oréal Development 1 972 206 13.11% 2 445 532 13.78% Marc Delcourt 389 748 2.59% 467 046 2.63% Cristal Union 201 180 1.3% 249 456 1.41% Treasury shares 8 729 0.06% 2 217 0.01% Free float 12 469 546 82.94% 14 584 610 82.17% TOTAL 15 041 409 100% 17 748 861 100%Impact of Offering on existing shareholdingsThe impact of the issuance of the New Shares on the shareholding of a shareholder holding 1% of the Company’s share capital prior to the Offering and not subscribing for the Offering is as follows:Shareholding (%) Undiluted basis Diluted basis2 Before issuance of the New Shares via the Offering3 1% 0.83% After issuance of 2 707 452 New Shares via the Offering 0.85% 0.72%Retention and lock-up undertakingsThe Offering provided for no retention or lock-up undertakings.ProspectusPursuant to the provisions of Article L. 411-2-1 1° of the French Monetary and Financial Code and Article 211-2 of the General Regulation of the Autorité des Marchés Financiers (“AMF”)  the Offering does not require the submission of a prospectus to the AMF for approval  given that the total amount of the offer calculated over a twelve-month period does not exceed €8 million.Risk factorsThe Company notes that the risk factors relating to the Company and its business are set out in its 2022 half-year financial report and 2021 annual financial report  which are available free of charge on the Company’s website (https://www.global-bioenergies.com/rapport-semestriel-2022/ and https://www.global-bioenergies.com/rapport-financier-annuel-2021/?lang=en).The materialisation of some or all of these risks could have an adverse impact on the Company’s business  financial position  results  development or outlook. The risk factors set out in the aforementioned documents are unchanged at the date of this press release.Financial intermediaryTP ICAP Midcap acted as Global Coordinator.Share detailsName: Global BioenergiesISIN code: FR0011052257Symbol: ALGBEListing market: Euronext Growth ParisLEI: 969500H46XRAMTMVB676About GLOBAL BIOENERGIESGlobal Bioenergies converts plant-derived resources into compounds used in the cosmetics industry  as well as the energy and materials sectors. After launching the first long-lasting and natural make-up brand LAST® in 2021  Global Bioenergies is now marketing Isonaturane® 12  its key ingredient  to major cosmetics companies to improve the naturalness of their formulas whilst improving their carbon footprint. In the long run  Global Bioenergies is also aiming at cutting CO 2 emissions in the aviation and road sector and thereby curb global warming. Global Bioenergies is listed on Euronext Growth Paris (FR0011052257 - ALGBE).Receive information about Global Bioenergies directly by subscribing to our news feed on www.global-bioenergies.comFollow us on LinkedIn: Global BioenergiesContactsGLOBAL BIOENERGIESaugmentationdecapital@global-bioenergies.com07 70 26 36 45PRESS RELATIONSIva Baytchevaibaytcheva@ulysse-communication.comNicolas Danielsndaniels@ulysse-communication.comDisclaimerThis press release does not constitute an offer of sale or solicitation of a purchase offer  nor will there be any sale of ordinary shares in any State or jurisdiction where such an offer  solicitation or sale would be unlawful in the absence of registration or approval under the securities laws of said State or jurisdiction.The distribution of this press release may be subject to specific regulations in some countries. Persons in possession of this document are required to ascertain and comply with any local restrictions.This press release constitutes a promotional communication and not a prospectus within the meaning of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 14 June 2017 (as amended  the “Prospectus Regulation”).Pursuant to the provisions of Article L. 411-2-1 1° of the French Monetary and Financial Code and Article 211-2 of the AMF General Regulation  the Offering does not require the submission of a prospectus to the AMF for approval  given that the total amount of the offer calculated over a twelve-month period does not exceed €8 000 000.In the case of the Member States of the European Economic Area (other than France) and the United Kingdom (the “States Concerned”)  no action has been or will be taken to permit a public offering of securities requiring the publication of a prospectus in any of the States Concerned. Accordingly  the securities may be and will be offered solely to (i) qualified investors within the meaning of the Prospectus Regulation  in the case of any investor in a State Concerned  or within the meaning of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 as incorporated into domestic law under the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (the “UK Prospectus Regulation”)  in the case of any investor in the United Kingdom  (ii) fewer than 150 natural or legal persons (other than qualified investors as defined in the Prospectus Regulation or UK Prospectus Regulation  as the case may be)  or (iii) in accordance with the exemptions provided for in Article 1(4) of the Prospectus Regulation  or in other cases that do not require Global Bioenergies to publish a prospectus under the Prospectus Regulation  the UK Prospectus Regulation and/or the regulations applicable in these States Concerned.This press release is not disseminated and has not been approved by an authorised person within the meaning of Section 21(1) of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000. Accordingly  this press release is solely addressed to and intended for persons located outside the United Kingdom  (i) investment professionals within the meaning of Article 19(5) of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 (Financial Promotion) Order 2005 (as amended  the “Order”) (ii) persons referred to in Article 49(2) (a) to (d) (high net worth companies  unincorporated associations  etc.) of the Order or (iii) any other persons to whom an invitation or inducement to engage in investment activities (within the meaning of Section 21 of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000) in connection with the issuance or sale of any security may be lawfully disclosed or communicated (all such persons being referred to as “Authorised Persons”). Any invitation  offer or agreement relating to the subscription  purchase or acquisition of the securities covered by this press release may only be addressed to or entered into with Authorised Persons. All persons other than Authorised Persons shall refrain from using or relying on this press release and the information it contains.This press release may not be published  distributed or disseminated in the United States (including its territories and possessions). This press release does not constitute an offer or solicitation to purchase  sell or subscribe for securities in the United States. The financial securities mentioned in this press release have not been registered under the U.S. Securities Act of 1933  as amended (the “Securities Act”) or any securities regulation applicable in any state or other jurisdiction in the United States and may not be offered or sold in the United States without registration under the Securities Act  except under an exemption scheme or in connection with a transaction not subject to registration under the Securities Act. Global Bioenergies does not intend to register the offer in whole or in part in the United States under and in accordance with the Securities Act or to make a public offering in the United States.This press release may not be distributed  directly or indirectly  in the United States  Canada  Australia  South Africa or Japan.This press release contains information on the objectives of the Company as well as forward-looking statements. This information is not historical data and should not be interpreted as a guarantee that the stated facts and data will materialise. This information is based on data  assumptions and estimates considered reasonable by the Company. The Company cannot anticipate all the risks  uncertainties or other factors that may affect its business  their potential impact on its business or the extent to which the materialisation of any risk or combination of risks may cause results to differ significantly from those mentioned in any forward-looking statement. This information is given only as at the date of this press release. The Company makes no commitment to issue updates of this information or the assumptions on which it is based  except as may be required by any legal or regulatory obligation.Lastly  this press release may be drawn up in French and in English. In the event of a conflict between the two versions  the French version shall prevail.1 At the time of finalizing this press release  the closing price of 29 March 2023 was not yet known.2 Including the 2 394 616 ordinary warrants  719 499 founders’ warrants and 65 562 bonus shares awarded by the Company at the date of this press release3 Calculations based on the number of shares comprising the share capital at the date of this press release  i.e. 15 041 409 sharesAttachment",neutral,0.05,0.95,0.01,mixed,0.38,0.16,0.46,True,English,"['preferential subscription rights', 'capital increase', 'gross amount', 'turbulent stock market environment', 'L’Oréal Development', 'Diede Van Den Ouden', 'strong short-term revenue growth', 'L’Oréal Group', 'sustainable aviation fuel market', 'theoretical voting rights Number', 'Cristal Union Group', 'Euronext Growth Paris', 'Chief Executive Officer', 'private equity fund', 'Alpha Blue Ocean', 'preliminary design studies', 'additional R&D', 'full dividend rights', 'Chief Financial Officer', 'same ISIN code', 'preferential subscription rights', 'current production chain', 'entire subscription demand', 'working capital requirements', 'initial gross amount', 'The New Shares', 'total New Shares', 'Horizon 2 production line', 'existing Company shares', 'same line', 'total amount', 'overall demand', 'financial visibility', 'subscription period', 'subscription commitments', '2,574,934 new shares', '2,080,266 New Shares', '283,585 New Shares', '211,083 New Shares', '132,518 New Shares', 'Offering Number', 'maximum amount', 'United States', 'Global Bioenergies', 'Samuel Dubruque', 'Marc Delcourt', '2,000-ton plant', 'larger scale', 'ASTM certification', 'coming weeks', 'irreducible, reducible', 'unrestricted basis', 'unit price', 'closing price', 'irreducible basis', 'Business Opportunities', 'limited extent', 'underwriting commitments', '12 qualified investors', 'Sully Patrimoine', 'Horizon 3 plant', 'road fuels', 'provisional timetable', 'par value', 'shareholding structure', 'following table', 'undiluted basis', 'capital increase', 'share premium', 'share capital', 'subsequent exploitation', 'transaction costs', 'cash position', 'process costs', 'Offering proceeds', '17,748,681 shares', 'document', 'America', 'Canada', 'Australia', 'Japan', 'Evry', 'result', 'PSRs', '24 March', 'funds', 'shareholders', 'operation', 'roadmap', 'priority', 'founder', 'financing', 'subsidiary', 'ViaViridia', 'summer', '28 March', 'accordance', 'BOLD', 'proportion', 'subscriptions', 'Underwriters', '175 Dynasty', 'Reminder', 'use', 'means', 'view', 'completion', 'aim', 'gap', '12 months', 'Settlement-delivery', '31 March', 'Symbol', 'ALGBE', 'Impact', 'breakdown', 'Percentage', '10']",2023-03-29,2023-03-30,marketscreener.com
21700,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2023/03/29/2636964/0/en/Result-of-capital-increase-with-preferential-subscription-rights-in-a-gross-amount-of-5-6-million.html,Result of capital increase with preferential subscription rights in a gross amount of €5.6 million,This document may not be distributed  directly or indirectly  in the United States of America  Canada  Australia or Japan.      Result of capital...,"French EnglishThis document may not be distributed  directly or indirectly  in the United States of America  Canada  Australia or Japan.Result of capital increasewith preferential subscription rightsin a gross amount of €5.6 millionEvry  29 March 2023: Global Bioenergies (the “Company”) announces the result of its capital increase with preferential subscription rights (“PSRs”)  for which the subscription period ran from 10 to 24 March 2023 (the “Offering”)  with €5.6 million in funds raised.Samuel Dubruque  Chief Financial Officer of the Company  said: “We would like to thank all of our shareholders who participated in this operation  enabling Global Bioenergies to roll out its roadmap. This transaction giving priority to our shareholders was carried out in a particularly turbulent stock market environment.”Marc Delcourt  Chief Executive Officer and co-founder of the Company  said: "" We will use these funds to :strengthen our current production chain and generate strong short-term revenue growthcomplete the financing of the 2 000-ton plant carried out by our subsidiary ViaViridia by the summer and prepare the subsequent exploitation of the process  on a larger scale  in the sustainable aviation fuel market.ASTM certification of our process is expected in the coming weeks.”Result of OfferingAt the end of the subscription period  overall demand (on an irreducible  reducible and unrestricted basis) reached 2 574 934 new shares (the “New Shares”) subscribed at a unit price of €2.07  11.7% below the closing price on 28 March 20231  representing 71.3% of the initial gross amount of the Offering  broken down as follows:2 080 266 New Shares on an irreducible basis representing 81% of total New Shares;283 585 New Shares on a reducible basis representing 11% of total New Shares;211 083 New Shares on an unrestricted basis representing 8% of total New Shares.The entire subscription demand on an irreducible  reducible and unrestricted basis was satisfied.In accordance with their subscription commitments  Marc Delcourt  Chief Executive Officer and co-founder of the Company  and the L’Oréal Group  through its BOLD (Business Opportunities for L’Oréal Development) private equity fund  participated in the Offering on an irreducible basis in the amount of €160 thousand and €980 thousand respectively.During the subscription period  the Cristal Union Group also subscribed in proportion to its share of the Company’s capital (1.3%)  in the amount of €100 thousand.Given that the total amount of subscriptions  on an irreducible  reducible and unrestricted basis  represented slightly less than 75% of the initial gross amount of the Offering (€5.3 million)  this engaged to a limited extent (€0.3 million) the underwriting commitments made by 12 qualified investors (the “Underwriters”)  who undertook to subscribe for New Shares not subscribed by the end of the subscription period up to a maximum amount of €4 482 500 representing up to 75% of the initial gross amount of the Offering. Accordingly  132 518 New Shares were issued and allocated among the Underwriters in proportion to their underwriting commitments as follows:New Shares allocated Alpha Blue Ocean 114 175 Dynasty AM 8 869 Sully Patrimoine 5 912 Diede Van Den Ouden 3 562 Total 132 518Reminder on use of Offering proceedsThe gross amount of the Offering  including the share premium  is €5 604 426  i.e. €5.1m net of transaction costs (including €269 thousand for the Underwriters)  and is intended to provide the Company with the means to finance:working capital requirements for the Horizon 2 production line (approximately 50% of the Offering proceeds);further preliminary design studies for the Horizon 3 plant  known as ViaViridia (approximately 40%);additional R&D to further reduce process costs with a view to exploitation at Horizon 4 for the production of sustainable aviation and road fuels (approximately 10%).After the completion of the Offering  the Company’s cash position stands close to €11 million. Given its aim to progressively reduce the gap between cash in and cash out  the Company has a financial visibility beyond 12 months.Settlement-deliverySettlement-delivery and admission of the New Shares to trading on Euronext Growth Paris is scheduled for 31 March 2023 according to the provisional timetable. The New Shares will carry full dividend rights  will be immediately fungible with existing Company shares and will be traded on the same line as those shares under the same ISIN code (FR0011052257 – Symbol: ALGBE).After settlement-delivery  the Company’s share capital will stand at €887 443.05  comprising 17 748 681 shares with a par value of €0.05 each.Impact of Offering on shareholding structureThe following table shows the breakdown of share capital and voting rights before and after completion of the Offering on an undiluted basis:Before completion of the Offering After completion of the Offering Number of shares and theoretical voting rights Percentage of capital and theoretical voting rights Number of shares and theoretical voting rights Percentage of capital and theoretical voting rights BOLD Business Opportunities for L’Oréal Development 1 972 206 13.11% 2 445 532 13.78% Marc Delcourt 389 748 2.59% 467 046 2.63% Cristal Union 201 180 1.3% 249 456 1.41% Treasury shares 8 729 0.06% 2 217 0.01% Free float 12 469 546 82.94% 14 584 610 82.17% TOTAL 15 041 409 100% 17 748 861 100%Impact of Offering on existing shareholdingsThe impact of the issuance of the New Shares on the shareholding of a shareholder holding 1% of the Company’s share capital prior to the Offering and not subscribing for the Offering is as follows:Shareholding (%) Undiluted basis Diluted basis2 Before issuance of the New Shares via the Offering3 1% 0.83% After issuance of 2 707 452 New Shares via the Offering 0.85% 0.72%Retention and lock-up undertakingsThe Offering provided for no retention or lock-up undertakings.ProspectusPursuant to the provisions of Article L. 411-2-1 1° of the French Monetary and Financial Code and Article 211-2 of the General Regulation of the Autorité des Marchés Financiers (“AMF”)  the Offering does not require the submission of a prospectus to the AMF for approval  given that the total amount of the offer calculated over a twelve-month period does not exceed €8 million.Risk factorsThe Company notes that the risk factors relating to the Company and its business are set out in its 2022 half-year financial report and 2021 annual financial report  which are available free of charge on the Company’s website (https://www.global-bioenergies.com/rapport-semestriel-2022/ and https://www.global-bioenergies.com/rapport-financier-annuel-2021/?lang=en).The materialisation of some or all of these risks could have an adverse impact on the Company’s business  financial position  results  development or outlook. The risk factors set out in the aforementioned documents are unchanged at the date of this press release.Financial intermediaryTP ICAP Midcap acted as Global Coordinator.Share detailsName: Global BioenergiesISIN code: FR0011052257Symbol: ALGBEListing market: Euronext Growth ParisLEI: 969500H46XRAMTMVB676About GLOBAL BIOENERGIESGlobal Bioenergies converts plant-derived resources into compounds used in the cosmetics industry  as well as the energy and materials sectors. After launching the first long-lasting and natural make-up brand LAST® in 2021  Global Bioenergies is now marketing Isonaturane® 12  its key ingredient  to major cosmetics companies to improve the naturalness of their formulas whilst improving their carbon footprint. In the long run  Global Bioenergies is also aiming at cutting CO 2 emissions in the aviation and road sector and thereby curb global warming. Global Bioenergies is listed on Euronext Growth Paris (FR0011052257 - ALGBE).Receive information about Global Bioenergies directly by subscribing to our news feed on www.global-bioenergies.comFollow us on LinkedIn: Global BioenergiesContactsGLOBAL BIOENERGIESaugmentationdecapital@global-bioenergies.com07 70 26 36 45PRESS RELATIONSIva Baytchevaibaytcheva@ulysse-communication.comNicolas Danielsndaniels@ulysse-communication.comDisclaimerThis press release does not constitute an offer of sale or solicitation of a purchase offer  nor will there be any sale of ordinary shares in any State or jurisdiction where such an offer  solicitation or sale would be unlawful in the absence of registration or approval under the securities laws of said State or jurisdiction.The distribution of this press release may be subject to specific regulations in some countries. Persons in possession of this document are required to ascertain and comply with any local restrictions.This press release constitutes a promotional communication and not a prospectus within the meaning of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 14 June 2017 (as amended  the “Prospectus Regulation”).Pursuant to the provisions of Article L. 411-2-1 1° of the French Monetary and Financial Code and Article 211-2 of the AMF General Regulation  the Offering does not require the submission of a prospectus to the AMF for approval  given that the total amount of the offer calculated over a twelve-month period does not exceed €8 000 000.In the case of the Member States of the European Economic Area (other than France) and the United Kingdom (the “States Concerned”)  no action has been or will be taken to permit a public offering of securities requiring the publication of a prospectus in any of the States Concerned. Accordingly  the securities may be and will be offered solely to (i) qualified investors within the meaning of the Prospectus Regulation  in the case of any investor in a State Concerned  or within the meaning of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 as incorporated into domestic law under the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (the “UK Prospectus Regulation”)  in the case of any investor in the United Kingdom  (ii) fewer than 150 natural or legal persons (other than qualified investors as defined in the Prospectus Regulation or UK Prospectus Regulation  as the case may be)  or (iii) in accordance with the exemptions provided for in Article 1(4) of the Prospectus Regulation  or in other cases that do not require Global Bioenergies to publish a prospectus under the Prospectus Regulation  the UK Prospectus Regulation and/or the regulations applicable in these States Concerned.This press release is not disseminated and has not been approved by an authorised person within the meaning of Section 21(1) of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000. Accordingly  this press release is solely addressed to and intended for persons located outside the United Kingdom  (i) investment professionals within the meaning of Article 19(5) of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 (Financial Promotion) Order 2005 (as amended  the “Order”) (ii) persons referred to in Article 49(2) (a) to (d) (high net worth companies  unincorporated associations  etc.) of the Order or (iii) any other persons to whom an invitation or inducement to engage in investment activities (within the meaning of Section 21 of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000) in connection with the issuance or sale of any security may be lawfully disclosed or communicated (all such persons being referred to as “Authorised Persons”). Any invitation  offer or agreement relating to the subscription  purchase or acquisition of the securities covered by this press release may only be addressed to or entered into with Authorised Persons. All persons other than Authorised Persons shall refrain from using or relying on this press release and the information it contains.This press release may not be published  distributed or disseminated in the United States (including its territories and possessions). This press release does not constitute an offer or solicitation to purchase  sell or subscribe for securities in the United States. The financial securities mentioned in this press release have not been registered under the U.S. Securities Act of 1933  as amended (the “Securities Act”) or any securities regulation applicable in any state or other jurisdiction in the United States and may not be offered or sold in the United States without registration under the Securities Act  except under an exemption scheme or in connection with a transaction not subject to registration under the Securities Act. Global Bioenergies does not intend to register the offer in whole or in part in the United States under and in accordance with the Securities Act or to make a public offering in the United States.This press release may not be distributed  directly or indirectly  in the United States  Canada  Australia  South Africa or Japan.This press release contains information on the objectives of the Company as well as forward-looking statements. This information is not historical data and should not be interpreted as a guarantee that the stated facts and data will materialise. This information is based on data  assumptions and estimates considered reasonable by the Company. The Company cannot anticipate all the risks  uncertainties or other factors that may affect its business  their potential impact on its business or the extent to which the materialisation of any risk or combination of risks may cause results to differ significantly from those mentioned in any forward-looking statement. This information is given only as at the date of this press release. The Company makes no commitment to issue updates of this information or the assumptions on which it is based  except as may be required by any legal or regulatory obligation.Lastly  this press release may be drawn up in French and in English. In the event of a conflict between the two versions  the French version shall prevail.1 At the time of finalizing this press release  the closing price of 29 March 2023 was not yet known.2 Including the 2 394 616 ordinary warrants  719 499 founders’ warrants and 65 562 bonus shares awarded by the Company at the date of this press release3 Calculations based on the number of shares comprising the share capital at the date of this press release  i.e. 15 041 409 sharesAttachment",neutral,0.03,0.96,0.0,mixed,0.58,0.15,0.26,True,English,"['preferential subscription rights', 'capital increase', 'gross amount', 'turbulent stock market environment', 'L’Oréal Development', 'Diede Van Den Ouden', 'strong short-term revenue growth', 'L’Oréal Group', 'sustainable aviation fuel market', 'theoretical voting rights Number', 'Cristal Union Group', 'Euronext Growth Paris', 'Chief Executive Officer', 'private equity fund', 'Alpha Blue Ocean', 'preliminary design studies', 'additional R&D', 'full dividend rights', 'Chief Financial Officer', 'same ISIN code', 'preferential subscription rights', 'current production chain', 'entire subscription demand', 'working capital requirements', 'initial gross amount', 'The New Shares', 'total New Shares', 'Horizon 2 production line', 'existing Company shares', 'same line', 'total amount', 'overall demand', 'financial visibility', 'subscription period', 'subscription commitments', '2,574,934 new shares', '2,080,266 New Shares', '283,585 New Shares', '211,083 New Shares', '132,518 New Shares', 'Offering Number', 'maximum amount', 'French English', 'United States', 'Global Bioenergies', 'Samuel Dubruque', 'Marc Delcourt', '2,000-ton plant', 'larger scale', 'ASTM certification', 'coming weeks', 'irreducible, reducible', 'unrestricted basis', 'unit price', 'closing price', 'irreducible basis', 'Business Opportunities', 'limited extent', 'underwriting commitments', '12 qualified investors', 'Sully Patrimoine', 'Horizon 3 plant', 'road fuels', 'provisional timetable', 'par value', 'shareholding structure', 'following table', 'undiluted basis', 'capital increase', 'share premium', 'share capital', 'subsequent exploitation', 'transaction costs', 'cash position', 'process costs', 'Offering proceeds', '17,748,681 shares', 'document', 'America', 'Canada', 'Australia', 'Japan', 'Evry', 'result', 'PSRs', '24 March', 'funds', 'shareholders', 'operation', 'roadmap', 'priority', 'founder', 'financing', 'subsidiary', 'ViaViridia', 'summer', '28 March', 'accordance', 'BOLD', 'proportion', 'subscriptions', 'Underwriters', '175 Dynasty', 'Reminder', 'use', 'means', 'view', 'completion', 'aim', 'gap', '12 months', 'Settlement-delivery', '31 March', 'Symbol', 'ALGBE', 'Impact', 'breakdown', 'Percentage', '10']",2023-03-29,2023-03-30,globenewswire.com
21701,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/PARAGON-ID-42735454/news/Paragon-Id-2022-23-half-year-results-strong-growth-in-business-activity-and-continued-improve-43362898/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230329,Paragon Id :  2022/23 half-year results: strong growth in business activity and continued improvement in profitability; increase in net debt,(marketscreener.com)  Half-year revenue growth of +59%  EBITDA up +68% for the 1st half of the financial year and EBITDA margin reaching 7.3%Positive current operating income and net profit breakeven for the half-yearConfirmation of 2022/23 reven…,"Half-year revenue growth of +59%  (organic growth of 50%)EBITDA up +68% for the 1 st half of the financial year and EBITDA margin reaching 7.3%Positive current operating income (+€1 8 M) and net profit breakeven for the half-yearConfirmation of 2022/23 revenue target: more than €170m  representing 30% annual growthNet debt (excluding non-recourse factoring) standing at €71.5m  of which €32.2m owed to Paragon GroupIncreasingly complex business environment slowing growth in some Strategic InitiativesParagon ID (Euronext Paris - FR0013318813 - PID)  leading provider of identification solutions for e-ID  Smart Cities & Mass Transit  Track & Trace and Brand Protection and Payment  publishes its consolidated results for the 1st half of the 2022/23 financial year (1st July 2022 - 31 December 2022)  which will close on 30th June 2023. These consolidated results were the subject of a limited review by the company's auditors and approved by the board of directors of Paragon ID SA on 28th March 2023.In € million – IFRS standards H1 2021/22(6 months) H1 2022/23(6 months) Change FY 2021/22(12 months) Turnover 56.6 89.9 +59% 130.8 EBITDA1 3.9 6.6 +68% 10.5 EBITDA1margin 6.9% 7.3% 8.0% Expenses related to share-based payments -0.0 - Amortization and depreciation charges -4.7 -4.8 Current operating income -0.8 1.8 +2.6 M€ -0.3 Non-recurring expenses -0.7 -0.0 0.6 Operating loss -1.5 1.7 0.2 Financial result -1.0 -1.3 -2.1 Other & taxes 0.1 -0.6 -0.6 Net result -2.5 -0.1 +2.3 M€ -2.51 Current operating income before (i) depreciation and amortization  and (ii) calculated charges related to share-based payments.The subsidiary EDM Technology has been consolidated since 1st October 2021. The companies Urban Things and Tracktio have been consolidated since 1st July 2022. The activity related to the acquisition of the assets of Uwinloc is accounted for as of 1st January 2023.Record half-year turnover 2022/23 of €89.9m  representing +59% growth in revenuesTotal revenues in the 1st half of the 2022/23 financial year  were €89.9m  growing some 59% vs prior year. Organic growth in the 1st half was 50%  at constant perimeter and exchange rates. €89.9m is equal to 69% of the total revenues achieved in the previous financial year (€130.8m in the full financial year 2021/22)  positioning the company well ahead of its original annual plan.This growth reflects a sharp progression of traditional activities  with half-yearly increases of more than 50%  and the success of our strategic initiatives and the performance of the companies we have acquired recently.In Mass Transit & Smart Cities  sales grew +68% in the 1st half as commuters progressively returned to urban transport systems  accelerated by the growth in market share achieved by Paragon ID  particularly in the US market.Track and Trace posted growth of +51% in H1  driven in particular by very strong demand for baggage tags and other material for the aviation sector (above the pre-pandemic level of Security Label GmbH). Real Time Locating Systems offers contributed to growth in the Track & Trace activity  as did the sale of RFID tags destined for IoT projects in the US Retail sector.In Payment  the company posted growth of +22%  showing strong acceleration in the 2nd quarter (end of calendar year)  which benefited from orders for gift and loyalty cards  particularly in the UK. Commercialisation of Paragon ID's own-manufactured metal payment cards commenced in H1 and will contribute more substantially to the company's growth in H2.In e-ID  growth was particularly strong at +173% in H1  with strong demand for traditional passport e-covers. New major orders received for slim polycarbonate data-pages for passports and for polycarbonate electronic identity cards  representing several tens of millions of euros in revenues over the next few years  will contribute to increasing turnover in this activity in H2.+68% increase in EBITDA[1] in the first half of 2022/23 and +40 basis points improvement in EBITDA marginIn the 1st half of 2022/23  Paragon ID achieved an EBITDA2 of €6.6m  up +68% compared to the 1st half of 2021/22.In a context of strong growth in business activity  the gross margin rate fell slightly due to (i) the increase in raw material costs and tensions in supply chains  part of which is passed on to customers in the sales prices  (ii) an adverse business mix  mainly linked to the impact of subcontracted activities.In terms of operating expenses  the sustained increase in business activity has  however  enabled better absorption of fixed costs and in particular personnel costs.The EBITDA margin was 7.3%  compared to 6.9% the previous year  an improvement of +40 bps.After taking into account net depreciation and amortisation charges that were virtually unchanged in comparison to the previous six months  current operating income for the half-year was largely positive at €1.8m  compared with a current operating loss of €0.8m a year earlier.The financial result  consisting of interest charges on financial debt and factoring  increased to € -1.3m  compared with € -1.0m in the first half of 2021/22. This reflects the increase in bank debt to support the external growth policy and the financing of working capital as well as the first impacts of the increases in interest rates.After accounting for a tax charge of €0.6m  net profit for the half year was almost break-even at -€0.1m  compared with a net loss of -€2.5m at the end of H1 2021/22.Balance sheet as at 31 December 2022In € million - IFRS standards 31/122022 30/062022 In € million - IFRS standards 31/122022 30/062022 Non-current assets 101.0 101.5 Equity 21.4 22.8 Incl. goodwill 61.1 62.0 Financial Debts 46.7 40.7 Current assets 61.0 45.4 Of which bank loans 42.6 36.3 Of which trade & other receivables 17.2 14.9 Of which bank overdrafts 4.0 4.4 Of which inventories 30.4 23.0 Cash 7.4 14.2 Related-party loans 32.2 25.8 Rental debts 5.2 6.1 Trade & other payables 35.3 37.3 Other liabilities 28.6 28.3 TOTAL 169.4 161.0 TOTAL 169.4 161.0Increase in inventories at the end of December 2022 to manage the strong growth in business activity and consequent increase in indebtednessNon-current assets  including goodwill  changed little during the half-year  which was marked by the sole acquisition of the Spanish location tracking / RTLS company Tracktio.Current assets increased significantly  with trade receivables  net of non-recourse-factoring  up by only €2.3m despite the strong growth in business activity.Inventories increased more significantly from €23.0m to €30.4m  reflecting early purchases of key components  particularly the electronic chips required to manufacture RFID inlays. This was to enable the first deliveries in the second half of the year of the large orders for polycarbonate eID products received at the end of the calendar year.Available cash amounted to €7.4m at 31 December 2022  compared with €14.2m at 30 June 2022. This change (-€6.8m) should be compared with the change in inventories over the same period (+€7.4m).On the liabilities side  shareholders' equity stood at €21.4m at 31 December 2022.Financial debt increased to €46.7m  as Paragon ID signed a new €10m financing agreement with its main shareholder's banking pool at the end of the first half-year  as part of the “PGE Résilience” scheme (French state-guaranteed loan). This debt offers attractive fixed interest rates in line with market conditions  without financial covenants  and an amortization period of up to five years.Borrowings from the Paragon Group totalled €32.2m at the end of December 2022  with a new €6m loan implemented during the first half of the year to support Paragon ID's strong growth. They are made up of a €10m simple bond debt  maturing in September 2024  and cash advances from the reference shareholder to support the company's development  including €10.3m of bullet loans maturing in June 2026. The Paragon Group has confirmed its agreement to continue its support to the Company.At 31 December 2022  Paragon ID's net financial debt stood at €39.3m (excluding related-party loans and rental debts). Recent repeated increases in interest rates  across all of the jurisdictions in which Paragon ID operates  will compound the cost of this overall increase in the company's indebtedness.Revenue target of more than 170 M€ for 2022/23  representing an annual growth rate of over 30%In view of the strong growth in business activity delivered in the first half of the year  the sustained order intake since the beginning of 2023 and the gradual and regular improvement of the supply chain (raw materials and components)  the Group reaffirms its objective of delivering sustained growth in 2022/23.Paragon ID therefore expects to achieve growth of more than +30% over the 2022/23 financial year (compared with the initial target of +10%  which was raised to +20% at the end of October 2022 and then to +30% at the end of January 2023).This increase would bring the annual turnover for the financial year 2022/23 to more than €170m (vs. €130.8m in 2021/22).In the second half of 2022/23  the Group‘s e-ID activity will benefit from the first deliveries of the orders received at the end of the year for its new polycarbonate products. As a reminder  these orders for ""Data Pages"" products aimed at passports and ID cards will represent several tens of millions of euros of revenue. These will be recognised over the next few financial years.Trading context and outlookWhile the Company will finish the financial year 2023/23 in strong growth  this has resulted in a correspondingly strong increase in working capital and consequently in a sharp rise in its indebtedness. The ongoing increases in interest rates across the world are driving the costs of this indebtedness to levels which will challenge the Company's capacity to deliver a positive net income result. It is the intention of the board of directors of Paragon ID to explore different alternatives to finance the Company's high rates of growth and working capital needs.These increases in interest rates  the inflationary economic conditions and the geopolitical situation  generally  have slowed investment and growth in a number of the markets targeted by Paragon ID's Strategic Initiatives. Specifically  adoption of RFID technology in the IoT Retail market in the US is running at around 50% of the expected growth rate and investments in digital platforms in Mass Transit have disappointed in the current financial year. These headwinds are expected to continue in the near term but the Company is satisfied that its strategy is the correct one.Clem Garvey  CEO of Paragon ID states:“The results of this first half of the financial year 2022/23 have been very strong in Sales and in EBITDA volume. They are a proud testament to the work and the dedication of Paragon ID's people. We have sufficient momentum to continue to grow this business strongly in the near to medium term. However  we have to recognize that current high inflationary tendencies and continuing increases in interest rates are eating into our cash flows. These same pressures  felt by our clients across the world  have slowed the uptake of a number of our offers  notably those related to our Strategic Initiatives (IoT Retail  Real-Time-Locating-Systems Platforms  Digital and Mobile Ticketing and Metal Payment Cards). We will remain vigilant with regard to our capacity to pursue all of these initiatives at the same time in a fast-evolving and challenging economic environment.”Eligibility of Paragon ID shares for PEA-PME schemeParagon ID confirms that it complies with all of the PEA-PME eligibility criteria in accordance with the L.221-32-2 and D.221-113-5 articles and following of the French Monetary and Financial Code.Accordingly  Paragon ID shares (Euronext Paris - FR0013318813 - PID) remain eligible for incorporation into PEA-PME accounts which benefit from the same tax benefits as traditional equity savings plans (PEA).Financial agenda2022/23 Q3 turnover Wednesday 26 April 2023 2022/23 Q4 turnover Wednesday 26 July 2023 2022/23 Yearly results Wednesday 25 October 2023 2023/24 Q1 turnoverThese dates are given for information only. They are likely to be modified if necessary. The publications will take place before the opening of the Euronext markets.About Paragon IDAbout Paragon ID Paragon ID is a leader in identification solutions  in particular in the e-ID  Transport & Smart Cities  Traceability & Brand Protection and Payment sectors. Paragon ID employs more than 650 staff  with manufacturing sites in US and Europe  close to its customers.Paragon ID is listed on Euronext Paris with a majority of its shares being held by Paragon Group  a leading provider of Customer Communications  Identification  Graphics Services and Office Services. Paragon Group has a turnover of €1.5 billion and more than 9 000 employees. Paragon Group combines generations of experience with the latest innovations in technology and smart data to enable responsive and meaningful interactions between organisations and their customers. For further information about Paragon Group  visit Paragon-Europe.com.Euronext Paris - Share identification: Paragon ID - ISIN Code: FR0013318813 - Mnemonic code: PID.For further information about Paragon ID  visit Paragon-id.com.ContactsParagon IDClem GarveyCEOTél. : +33 (0)2 48 81 61 00clem.garvey@paragon-id.com ACTUS finance & communicationInvestors relationsMathieu OmnesTél. : +33 (0)1 53 67 36 92momnes@actus.fr ACTUS finance & communicationPress relationsFatou-Kiné N'DiayeTél. : +33 (0)1 53 67 36 34fndiaye@actus.fr[1] Current operating income before (i) depreciation and amortization  and (ii) calculated charges related to share-based payments.This publication embed ""🔒 Actusnews SECURITY MASTER "".- SECURITY MASTER Key: yHBulMZmlWnGnW9ylcpsaWVkl2pkkmSUZWGelJNqasudmJqTlG9ob53IZnBqlW5q- Check this key: https://www.security-master-key.com.Regulated information:Inside Information:- News release on accounts  results Full and original press release in PDF: https://www.actusnews.com/news/79094-paragon-id_pr_h1-202223-results_29032023_en.pdfReceive by email the next press releases of the company by registering on www.actusnews.com  it's free© 2023 ActusNews",neutral,0.27,0.64,0.1,mixed,0.35,0.12,0.53,True,English,"['2022/23 half-year results', 'Paragon Id', 'strong growth', 'business activity', 'continued improvement', 'net debt', 'profitability', 'increase', 'Real Time Locating Systems offers', 'polycarbonate electronic identity cards', 'manufactured metal payment cards', 'Positive current operating income', 'urban transport systems', 'slim polycarbonate data-pages', '2022/23 revenue target', 'subsidiary EDM Technology', 'Security Label GmbH', 'previous six months', 'current operating loss', 'complex business environment', 'original annual plan', 'adverse business mix', 'gross margin rate', '2022/23 financial year', 'full financial year', 'US Retail sector', 'New major orders', 'raw material costs', 'previous financial year', 'Paragon ID SA', 'Record half-year turnover', 'Half-year revenue growth', 'loyalty cards', 'previous year', 'operating expenses', 'Financial result', 'Urban Things', 'prior year', 'US market', 'aviation sector', 'calendar year', 'financial debt', 'fixed costs', 'personnel costs', 'Paragon Group', 'business activity', '1 st half', 'net profit', 'Net debt', 'Strategic Initiatives', 'Euronext Paris', 'leading provider', 'identification solutions', 'Smart Cities', 'Mass Transit', 'Brand Protection', 'consolidated results', '1st half', 'st July', '30th June', 'limited review', '28th March', 'IFRS standards', 'share-based payments', 'Net result', '1st October', '1st January', 'constant perimeter', 'exchange rates', 'sharp progression', 'traditional activities', 'half-yearly increases', 'market share', 'strong demand', 'baggage tags', 'other material', 'pre-pandemic level', 'RFID tags', 'IoT projects', 'strong acceleration', '2nd quarter', 'traditional passport', 'several tens', 'first half', '+40 basis points', 'supply chains', 'subcontracted activities', '30% annual growth', 'EBITDA margin', 'amortisation charges', 'interest charges', 'Non-recurring expenses', 'net depreciation', 'recourse factoring', 'Total revenues', 'sales prices', 'organic growth', 'strong growth', 'depreciation charges', 'sustained increase', 'Trace activity', '+59% growth', '+68% increase', 'Confirmation', 'PID', 'e-ID', 'Track', '31 December', 'subject', 'company', 'auditors', 'board', 'directors', 'EBITDA1', 'Amortization', 'taxes', 'companies', 'acquisition', 'assets', 'Uwinloc', 'success', 'performance', 'commuters', 'gift', 'UK', 'Commercialisation', 'H1', 'H2.', 'covers', 'passports', 'millions', 'euros', 'years', 'increasing', 'EBITDA2', 'context', 'tensions', 'part', 'customers', 'impact', 'terms', 'improvement', 'account', 'comparison']",2023-03-29,2023-03-30,marketscreener.com
21702,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2023/03/29/2636379/0/en/ETC-Group-to-Launch-the-First-Digital-Asset-ETP-Based-on-an-MSCI-INDEX.html,ETC Group to Launch the First Digital Asset ETP Based on an MSCI INDEX,ETC GROUP TO LAUNCH THE FIRSTDIGITAL ASSET ETP BASED ON AN MSCI INDEX  This is the first crypto ETP to launch based on an MSCI index The ETP will track...,"English German French Italian SpanishETC GROUP TO LAUNCH THE FIRSTDIGITAL ASSET ETP BASED ON AN MSCI INDEXThis is the first crypto ETP to launch based on an MSCI indexThe ETP will track the performance of the MSCI Global Digital Assets Select Top 20 Capped Index  with quarterly rebalancingThe ETC Group MSCI Digital Assets Select 20 ETP is expected to list as early as April on Deutsche Börse Xetra under its planned primary ticker “DA20”The ETP will be physically-backed  with digital assets kept in cold storage custody29 March  2023. London  UK - ETC Group ( www.etc-group.com )  Europe’s leading provider of digital asset-backed securities  has announced today that it will list the first crypto ETP based on an MSCI index. The ETC Group MSCI Digital Assets Select 20 ETP is expected to list on Germany’s Deutsche Börse XETRA in April.The ETP will track the performance of the MSCI Global Digital Assets Select Top 20 Capped Index. The index  which was developed by MSCI with ETC Group's input  was launched in early March this year  and represents the 20 leading digital assets. These currently include cryptocurrencies such as Bitcoin (BTC)  Ethereum (ETH)  and Solana (SOL). Each individual constituent of the index is capped at a maximum of 30 percent. Stablecoins  privacy tokens and meme-coins  are excluded from the index universe.Like other ETC Group products  the ETP will be physically-backed and the underlying digital assets will be deposited in cold storage custody  in accordance with the index composition and weighting.Tim Bevan  Co-CEO and Founder of ETC Group  commented  “We are very proud to issue this new benchmark ETP. Tracking twenty constituents  this is the first genuine broad market index ETP in this exciting new asset class providing the ideal asset allocation tool to investors.”Bradley Duke  Co-CEO and Founder added  ""This product signals the evolution of ETC Group’s product offering from single asset access products toward products that provide investment management solutions while retaining the same uncompromising standards in quality and investor security.”Stephane Mattatia  Head of Thematic Indexes at MSCI said  “The digital assets ecosystem is evolving rapidly and investor demand for access to this new asset class is growing. MSCI Digital Assets Indexes are developed with a systematic and process-oriented approach to help global investors gain transparency into this long-term  disruptive trend and enable them to make better investment decisions.”The ETC Group MSCI Digital Assets Select 20 ETP can  once listed  be bought and sold like shares or ETFs via the regulated stock exchange. All that is required is a standard securities account with a broker or bank. Liquidity in trading of the ETPs is ensured by authorised participants and market makers.Cryptocurrencies are highly volatile  and your capital is at risk.Information contained in this press release is not  and under no circumstances is to be construed as  an advertisement or any other step in furtherance of a public offering to retail investors in the United Kingdom  or a public offering in the United States or Canada  or any state  province or territory thereof  where neither the issuer nor its products are authorised or registered for distribution or sale and where no prospectus of the issuer has been filed with any securities regulator. Full Disclaimer: https://bit.ly/etcdisc- ENDS -Notes for EditorsAbout ETC Group ( www.etc-group.com )ETC Group has been created to provide investors with the tools to access the investment opportunities of the digital assets' and blockchain ecosystem. The company develops innovative digital asset-backed securities including ETC Group Physical Bitcoin (BTCE) and ETC Group Physical Ethereum (ZETH) which are listed on European exchanges including XETRA  Euronext  SIX  AQUIS UK and Wiener Börse.With a track record of over three years  ETC Group is made up of an exceptional team of financial services professionals and entrepreneurs with experience spanning both digital assets and regulated markets. With product quality and safety at the core of our product creation approach  we aim to continuously launch best-in-class institutional-grade exchange traded products.As a company  we have previously launched the world’s first centrally cleared Bitcoin exchange traded product on Deutsche Börse XETRA  the largest ETF trading venue in Europe  and have also launched Europe´s first Metaverse ETF together with HANetf.Trading InformationProduct Primary listing exchange Primary ticker ISIN ETC Group MSCI Digital Assets Select 20 ETP (Expected)Deutsche Börse XETRA (Expected)DA20 (Expected)DE000A3G3ZL3 ETC Group Physical Bitcoin Deutsche Börse XETRABTCE DE000A27Z304 ETC Group Physical Ethereum Deutsche Börse XETRAZETH DE000A3GMKD ETC Group Physical Litecoin Deutsche Börse XETRAELTC DE000A3GN5J9 ETC Group Physical Polkadot Deutsche Börse XETRA PLKA DE000A3GVKX6 ETC Group Physical Cardano Deutsche Börse XETRA RDAN DE000A3GVKY4 ETC Group Physical Solana Deutsche Börse XETRA ESOL DE000A3GVKZ1 ETC Group Physical Polygon Deutsche Börse XETRA MTCE DE000A3GWNP ETC Group Physical XRP Deutsche Börse XETRA GXRP DE000A3GYNB0The product list including all exchange listings and trading information is available at https://etc-group.com/products/.Contact index@etc-group.com for any product related inquiries.Media Contact:Sam Sheltonsam@finchpr.comCOHESION BUREAUFrank SchwarzT +49 611 580 2929 0frank.schwarz@cohesionbureau.comAttachment",neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,mixed,0.54,0.14,0.32,True,English,"['First Digital Asset ETP', 'ETC Group', 'MSCI INDEX', 'ETC Group Physical Cardano Deutsche Börse XETRA RDAN DE000A3GVKY4 ETC Group Physical Solana Deutsche', 'ZETH DE000A3GMKD ETC Group Physical Litecoin Deutsche Börse XETRA', 'ETC Group Physical Polkadot Deutsche Börse XETRA PLKA', 'ETC Group Physical Bitcoin Deutsche Börse XETRA BTCE', 'ETC Group Physical Ethereum Deutsche Börse XETRA', 'Trading Information Product Primary listing exchange Primary ticker', 'ISIN ETC Group MSCI Digital Assets', 'The ETC Group MSCI Digital Assets', 'English German French Italian Spanish', 'first genuine broad market index ETP', 'Wiener Börse', 'other ETC Group products', 'largest ETF trading venue', 'ideal asset allocation tool', 'institutional-grade exchange traded products', 'MSCI Global Digital Assets', 'MSCI Digital Assets Indexes', 'innovative digital asset-backed securities', 'exciting new asset class', 'single asset access products', 'underlying digital assets', '20 leading digital assets', 'digital assets ecosystem', 'regulated stock exchange', 'first Metaverse ETF', 'AN MSCI INDEX', 'cold storage custody', 'same uncompromising standards', 'long-term, disruptive trend', 'standard securities account', 'financial services professionals', 'Top 20 Capped Index', 'new benchmark ETP', 'first crypto ETP', 'investment management solutions', 'product creation approach', 'Bitcoin exchange', 'The ETP', 'market makers', 'Thematic Indexes', 'other step', 'securities regulator', 'product offering', 'global investors', 'leading provider', 'index universe', 'index composition', 'process-oriented approach', 'blockchain ecosystem', 'regulated markets', 'investment decisions', 'investment opportunities', 'product quality', 'quarterly rebalancing', 'individual constituent', 'privacy tokens', 'Tim Bevan', 'twenty constituents', 'Bradley Duke', 'investor security', 'Stephane Mattatia', 'investor demand', 'authorised participants', 'press release', 'public offering', 'United Kingdom', 'United States', 'Full Disclaimer', 'European exchanges', 'track record', 'three years', 'exceptional team', 'early March', 'retail investors', 'AQUIS UK', '20 ETP', '29 March', 'LAUNCH', 'performance', 'April', 'DA20', 'London', 'Germany', 'input', 'cryptocurrencies', 'maximum', '30 percent', 'Stablecoins', 'meme-coins', 'accordance', 'weighting', 'CEO', 'Founder', 'evolution', 'Head', 'systematic', 'transparency', 'shares', 'ETFs', 'broker', 'bank', 'Liquidity', 'ETPs', 'capital', 'risk', 'circumstances', 'advertisement', 'furtherance', 'Canada', 'province', 'territory', 'issuer', 'distribution', 'sale', 'prospectus', 'ENDS', 'Notes', 'Editors', 'tools', 'company', 'Euronext', 'SIX', 'entrepreneurs', 'experience', 'safety', 'core', 'world', 'HANetf', 'ELTC']",2023-03-29,2023-03-30,globenewswire.com
21703,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.prnewswire.co.uk/news-releases/seed-group-onboards-italian-sustainable-ai-start-up-datrix-301784374.html,Seed Group onboards Italian sustainable AI start-up Datrix,DUBAI  UAE and MILAN  March 29  2023 /PRNewswire/ -- Seed Group  a company of the Private Office of Sheikh Saeed bin Ahmed Al Maktoum  has announced a strategic partnership with Datrix S.p.A.  a company listed on the Italian Stock Market  with an aim to revol…,"DUBAI  UAE and MILAN  March 29  2023 /PRNewswire/ -- Seed Group  a company of the Private Office of Sheikh Saeed bin Ahmed Al Maktoum  has announced a strategic partnership with Datrix S.p.A.  a company listed on the Italian Stock Market  with an aim to revolutionise the thriving artificial intelligence (AI) industry in the UAE and the Middle East.From left to right: Andrea Ronchi  Head of UAE Market at Datrix; Fabrizio Milano D’Aragona  Co-Founder & CEO of Datrix; Hisham Al Gurg  CEO of Seed Group and the Private Office of Sheikh Saeed bin Ahmed Al Maktoum; Mauro Arte  Co-founder and COO of Datrix; Prof. Enrico Zio  Scientific Director of DatrixDatrix specialises in sustainable AI methodologies and solutions for the data-driven growth of companies  and the partnership between Seed Group and Datrix aims to combine their strengths to drive innovation and growth in the region. Datrix is a leader in the development of augmented analytics solutions and services based on AI and machine learning models to improve the efficiency of cross-industry business management and physical processes.As part of the partnership  Seed Group will provide Datrix with the guidance it needs to reach the right audience and access top decision-makers in the government and private sectors. The partnership will also help Datrix contribute to bringing the latest technological innovations to the UAE and the Middle East region  in the wake of the estimated 14 percent impact of AI growth on the UAE's GDP by 2023.Commenting on the partnership  Hisham Al Gurg  CEO of Seed Group  said  ""We are excited to partner with Datrix and contribute to the growth of the AI industry in the region. Especially given the fact that the potential impact of AI on the Middle East by 2030 is predicted to reach over US$320 billion. Datrix's expertise in sustainable AI solutions will complement our existing capabilities and help us deliver more value to our clients.""""We are honoured to have Seed Group as a strategic partner. The Middle East market and  in particular  the UAE market  characterised today by strong economic growth and a rapid wave of innovation  represent an extraordinary expansion opportunity for our AI services  and this partnership will allow us to accelerate this process "" comments Fabrizio Milano D'Aragona  CEO of Datrix.""In our vision  artificial intelligence is a powerful means to an end  always aimed at measurable results in terms of cost efficiency  maximising business performance  and mitigating risks. This becomes more valuable on complex projects and in challenging sectors with significant importance in the Middle East  such as oil and gas  energy  utilities  construction  infrastructure  and large industrial hubs "" explains Andrea Ronchi  Head of Datrix UAE Market.The partnership between Seed Group and Datrix is expected to drive growth and innovation in the AI industry in the UAE and the Middle East region. Both companies are committed to delivering sustainable solutions and driving positive change in the region  while Seed Group helps us expand our presence in the region and delivers innovative solutions to businesses in the region.Seed Group is a notable force in the technology  healthcare  hospitality  and telecommunications landscapes in the Middle East. Over the past 20 years  it has formed successful strategic alliances with leading global companies representing diverse regions to accelerate sustainable market entry and presence within the Gulf Cooperation Council countries.About DatrixDatrix is a group of tech companies listed on the Italian Stock Market that develop sustainable artificial intelligence solutions (augmented analytics and machine learning models) for data-driven company growth. Datrix's solutions add measurable value because they collect data from internal and external sources  integrate it  look for correlations  uncover valuable insights and operational information  and suggest actions with efficiency as a goal.The Group is active in four business areas:Machine Learning Model Serving develops descriptive  predictive  and prescriptive data science models to maximise the efficiency of industrial and management processes; AI for Marketing and Sales develops artificial intelligence solutions to increase the marketing and sales performance of companies; AI for Data Monetization applies artificial intelligence to data collected by companies in compliance with privacy regulations  turning it into economic value for them; AI for FinTech develops solutions using unconventional alternative data to improve the performance of institutional and private investors in stock selection  identification of innovative investment themes  and ESG scoring.Since 2019  Datrix has also accelerated its growth path through acquisitions in Italy and abroad. The following companies are now part of the Datrix SpA Group: 3rdPlace Srl  FinScience Srl  ByTek Srl  Paperlit Srl  Datrix US Inc.  and Adapex Inc. With the acquisition of the company Aramis and the merger of expertise with 3rdPlace  the new player Aramix was born in 2023  reinforcing the machine learning and model serving areas. Through its subsidiaries  Datrix is a technology partner of international consortia for major R&D projects in finance  biomedicine  and cybersecurity  funded by the European Union and Italy and based on artificial intelligence algorithms.Datrix operates through four offices in Italy (Milan  Rome  Cagliari and Viterbo)  one in Dubai and one in the United States. Read more at www.datrixgroup.com/en/ .About Seed GroupOver the past 20 years  Seed Group has formed strategic alliances with leading global companies representing diverse regions and industries. These companies have propelled their business interests and goals in the Middle East and North Africa region through the support and strong base of regional connections of the Seed Group. The Group's goal is to create mutually beneficial partnerships with multinational organisations and to accelerate their sustainable market entry and presence within the MENA region. Seed Group has been a key point in the success of all its partners in the region helping them reach their target customers and accelerate their businesses. The Private Office was established by Sheikh Saeed bin Ahmed Al Maktoum to directly invest in or assist potential business opportunities in the region  which meet the Private Office's criteria. For more information  visit www.seedgroup.com .Datrix Media ContactInvestor RelationsGiuseppe Venezia+39 0276281064Francesca CoccoLerxi Consultingir@datrixgroup.comPress OfficeSpriano Communication & PartnersMatteo Russo+39 3479834881mrusso@sprianocommunication.comJacopo Ghirardi+39 3337139257ufficiostampa@sprianocommunication.comEuronext Growth Advisor: AlantraStefano Bellavita+39 0263671601stefano.bellavita@alantra.comSeed Group Media ContactNomarie Jean Lacsamana+97143735068jean@seedgroup.comPhoto - https://mma.prnewswire.com/media/2042997/Seed_Group_Datrix.jpgSOURCE Seed Group; Datrix",neutral,0.04,0.96,0.0,positive,0.77,0.23,0.0,True,English,"['Italian sustainable AI start-up', 'Seed Group', 'Datrix', 'Sheikh Saeed bin Ahmed Al Maktoum', 'thriving artificial intelligence (AI) industry', 'Fabrizio Milano D’Aragona', ""Fabrizio Milano D'Aragona"", 'Gulf Cooperation Council countries', 'Machine Learning Model Serving', 'prescriptive data science models', 'Datrix S.p.A.', 'sustainable artificial intelligence solutions', 'The Middle East market', 'Hisham Al Gurg', 'machine learning models', 'Prof. Enrico Zio', 'latest technological innovations', 'extraordinary expansion opportunity', 'sustainable market entry', 'four business areas', 'Italian Stock Market', 'innovative investment themes', 'successful strategic alliances', 'unconventional alternative data', 'cross-industry business management', 'sustainable AI methodologies', 'large industrial hubs', 'leading global companies', 'strong economic growth', 'augmented analytics solutions', 'sustainable AI solutions', 'Datrix US Inc.', 'Middle East region', 'Datrix SpA Group', 'data-driven company growth', 'Datrix UAE Market', 'sustainable solutions', 'AI industry', 'The Group', 'innovative solutions', 'stock selection', 'management processes', 'Adapex Inc', 'data-driven growth', 'strategic partner', 'business performance', 'Data Monetization', 'economic value', 'Seed Group', 'Private Office', 'Andrea Ronchi', 'Mauro Arte', 'Scientific Director', 'physical processes', 'right audience', 'top decision-makers', 'private sectors', '14 percent impact', 'potential impact', 'existing capabilities', 'rapid wave', 'powerful means', 'measurable results', 'complex projects', 'challenging sectors', 'significant importance', 'positive change', 'notable force', 'telecommunications landscapes', 'past 20 years', 'diverse regions', 'external sources', 'valuable insights', 'operational information', 'privacy regulations', 'private investors', 'ESG scoring', 'FinScience Srl', 'ByTek Srl', 'Paperlit Srl', 'new player', 'AI growth', 'growth path', 'measurable value', 'AI services', '3rdPlace Srl', 'following companies', 'cost efficiency', 'sales performance', 'partnership', 'DUBAI', 'aim', 'left', 'Head', 'Founder', 'CEO', 'strengths', 'leader', 'development', 'guidance', 'government', 'wake', 'GDP', 'fact', 'expertise', 'clients', 'vision', 'end', 'terms', 'risks', 'oil', 'gas', 'energy', 'utilities', 'construction', 'infrastructure', 'presence', 'businesses', 'technology', 'healthcare', 'hospitality', 'internal', 'correlations', 'actions', 'goal', 'Marketing', 'compliance', 'FinTech', 'institutional', 'identification', 'acquisitions', 'Italy', 'Aramis', 'merger', 'Aramix']",2023-03-29,2023-03-30,prnewswire.co.uk
21704,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/ATOS-SE-4612/news/Virginia-s-Fairfax-County-selects-Atos-Public-Safety-LLC-to-power-Next-Generation-9-1-1-cloud-based-43370175/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230329,Virginia's Fairfax County selects Atos Public Safety LLC to power Next Generation 9-1-1 cloud-based call handling system,(marketscreener.com) IRVING  Texas  March 29  2023 /PRNewswire/ -- Atos Public Safety LLC announces a 6-year contract with  The Fairfax County Virginia  Department of Public Safety Communications to transform the county's 9-1-1 call handling system into a r…,"IRVING  Texas  March 29  2023 /PRNewswire/ -- Atos Public Safety LLC announces a 6-year contract with The Fairfax County Virginia  Department of Public Safety Communications (DPSC) to transform the county's 9-1-1 call handling system into a resilient  flexible communication platform that is fully based in the cloud. This allows for an exchange of information within the 9-1-1 centers to reduce response time  enhance situational awareness  and increase first responder safety.The Atos Unify OpenScape Global Emergency Management (GEMMA) solution combined with Atos' Unify OpenScape First Response NENA i3 compliant routing engine (OSFR) will provide Fairfax County DPSC with a new level of response workflow automation and advanced call handling.To collaborate with these solutions  Atos Public Safety LLC will partner with RapidSOS to integrate locally authoritative geographic information systems (GIS) data to update and publish at scale automatically. RapidSOS has created the world's first intelligent safety platform that securely links life-saving data from over 500 million connected devices  apps and sensors directly to first responders. This gives teams access to robust  life-saving data when they need it. It includes real-time call status from GEMMA and will become the map of reference for all telecommunicators.As Fairfax County DPSC is the largest public safety agency in the Commonwealth of Virginia and is one of the ten largest in the United States  the durability and responsiveness for emergency handling is critical.""Our mission is providing excellence to the public in response to emergency situations and to support our first line telecommunicators with system capabilities that enhance compassionate and efficient public safety responses. Atos Public Safety LLC provides DPSC with an innovative  interoperable and resilient standards-based solution and design. The GEMMA User Interface was smart  intuitive and less cluttered  and we believe the overall impact of this new communication system will greatly enhance our ability to serve the public and first responder community "" said Steve McMurrer  911 Systems Administrator  Fairfax County DPSC.Atos Public Safety LLC's cloud approach is key for implementing innovative features  including intelligent information display such as voice  text or multi-media  real-time call transcription with key word flagging  text to 9-1-1 translation  and intuitive transfer and conference capabilities with a participants display. This resilient cloud-based solution means centralized and managed communications  converging all ways to connect into integrated call flows for quicker  cost-effective results for all agency partners.""This NG9-1-1 call handling solution will improve the 9-1-1 telecommunicator's ability to manage calls in a new IP enabled environment. Call takers will not only handle voice and text calls  but will also be able to easily accommodate future call types that will be delivered over NG9-1-1 such as alerts  alarms  crash data  and other relevant life-saving information. The new user interface deployed with this cloud-based platform is a game changer in dealing with these many call types in a clean  logical and intuitive manner "" said Joe Hernandez  Head of Public Safety  North America  Atos Public Safety LLC. ""It's important for public safety systems to be compliant with industry standards  as well as keep pace with the technology that enables quick  smart and informed communications. We are proud to work with the public safety community to accomplish this goal  as well as create a foundation for future technologies and applications.""Atos Public Safety LLC has been entrusted to migrate some of the world's most mission-critical environments into and through their respective digital transformations. The group brings the same world-class infrastructure transformation and managed services leadership to any industry in need of choice  as well as proven experience within the pillars of NG9-1-1.For additional information on NG9-1-1 services  please visit Atos Command Control Systems for public safety .About AtosAtos is a global leader in digital transformation with 111 000 employees and annual revenue of c. € 11 billion. European number one in cybersecurity  cloud and high-performance computing  the Group provides tailored end-to-end solutions for all industries in 69 countries. A pioneer in decarbonization services and products  Atos is committed to a secure and decarbonized digital for its clients. Atos is a SE (Societas Europaea)  listed on Euronext Paris.The purpose of Atos is to help design the future of the information space. Its expertise and services support the development of knowledge  education and research in a multicultural approach and contribute to the development of scientific and technological excellence. Across the world  the Group enables its customers and employees  and members of societies at large to live  work and develop sustainably  in a safe and secure information space.View original content to download multimedia: https://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/virginias-fairfax-county-selects-atos-public-safety-llc-to-power-next-generation-9-1-1-cloud-based-call-handling-system-301784369.htmlSOURCE Atos",neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,positive,0.79,0.2,0.0,True,English,"['Next Generation 9-1-1 cloud-based call handling system', 'Atos Public Safety LLC', 'Fairfax County', 'Virginia', ""Atos' Unify OpenScape First Response NENA i3 compliant routing engine"", 'The Atos Unify OpenScape Global Emergency Management', 'locally authoritative geographic information systems', 'Atos Command Control Systems', 'new IP enabled environment', 'same world-class infrastructure transformation', 'multi-media, real-time call transcription', 'efficient public safety responses', 'first intelligent safety platform', 'Atos Public Safety LLC', 'resilient, flexible communication platform', 'The GEMMA User Interface', 'other relevant life-saving information', 'largest public safety agency', 'The Fairfax County Virginia', '9-1-1 call handling system', 'NG9-1-1 call handling solution', 'first responder safety', 'first responder community', 'public safety systems', 'response workflow automation', 'new user interface', 'real-time call status', 'public safety community', 'new communication system', 'advanced call handling', 'integrated call flows', 'many call types', 'first line telecommunicators', 'resilient standards-based solution', '500 million connected devices', 'key word flagging', 'quicker, cost-effective results', 'Public Safety Communications', 'intelligent information display', 'resilient cloud-based solution', 'respective digital transformations', 'Fairfax County DPSC', 'robust, life-saving data', 'future call types', 'managed services leadership', 'secure information space', 'emergency handling', 'global leader', 'first responders', 'response time', 'cloud-based platform', 'emergency situations', '911 Systems Administrator', 'Call takers', 'new level', 'system capabilities', 'agency partners', 'additional information', 'managed communications', '9-1-1 centers', '9-1-1 translation', 'participants display', '9-1-1 telecommunicator', 'informed communications', 'decarbonized digital', 'GIS) data', 'crash data', '6-year contract', 'situational awareness', 'United States', 'innovative, interoperable', 'overall impact', 'Steve McMurrer', 'innovative features', 'intuitive transfer', 'conference capabilities', 'game changer', 'clean, logical', 'intuitive manner', 'Joe Hernandez', 'North America', 'quick, smart', 'future technologies', 'mission-critical environments', 'NG9-1-1 services', 'annual revenue', 'European number', 'high-performance computing', 'decarbonization services', 'Societas Europaea', 'Euronext Paris', 'multicultural approach', 'original content', 'industry standards', 'end solutions', 'technological excellence', 'cloud approach', 'text calls', 'IRVING', 'Texas', 'PRNewswire', 'Department', 'exchange', 'OSFR', 'RapidSOS', 'scale', 'apps', 'sensors', 'teams', 'access', 'map', 'reference', 'Commonwealth', 'durability', 'responsiveness', 'compassionate', 'design', 'voice', 'centralized', 'ways', 'alerts', 'alarms', 'Head', 'technology', 'goal', 'foundation', 'applications', 'group', 'need', 'choice', 'experience', 'pillars', '111,000 employees', 'cybersecurity', 'tailored', 'industries', '69 countries', 'pioneer', 'products', 'clients', 'purpose', 'expertise', 'development', 'knowledge', 'education', 'research', 'scientific', 'customers', 'members', 'societies', 'multimedia']",2023-03-29,2023-03-30,marketscreener.com
21705,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2023/03/29/2636343/0/en/BGHL-GBP-NAV-s.html,BGHL (GBP): NAV(s),BOUSSARD & GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITED   Ordinary Shares  The Directors of Boussard & Gavaudan Holding...,"BOUSSARD & GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITEDOrdinary SharesThe Directors of Boussard & Gavaudan Holding Limited would like to announce the following information for the Company.Close of business 28 Mar 2023.Estimated NAVEuro Shares Sterling Shares Estimated NAV € 26.6798 £ 23.5481 Estimated MTD return -2.22 % -2.11 % Estimated YTD return -3.92 % -3.60 % Estimated ITD return 166.80 % 135.48 %NAV and returns are calculated net of management and performance feesMarket informationEuro Shares Amsterdam (AEX) London (LSE) Market Close € 21.60 N/A Premium/discount to estimated NAV -19.04 % N/A Sterling Shares Amsterdam (AEX) London (LSE) Market Close N/A GBX 1 900.00 Premium/discount to estimated NAV N/A -19.31 %Transactions in own securities purchased into treasuryOrdinary Shares Euro Shares Sterling Shares Number of shares N/A N/A Average Price N/A N/A Range of Price N/A N/ALiquidity Enhancement Agreement Euro Shares Sterling Shares Number of shares N/A N/A Average Price N/A N/ABGHL CapitalBGHL Ordinary Shares Euro Shares Sterling Shares Shares Outstanding 12 296 208 126 294 Held in treasury 850 N/A Shares Issued 12 297 058 126 294Estimated BG Fund NAVClass B Euro Shares (estimated) € 234.3676 Class GBP A Shares (estimated) £ 125.6624The Class B Euro Shares of BG Fund are not subject to investment manager fees  as the Investment Manager receives management fees and performance fees in respect of its role as Investment Manager of BGHL.For further information please contact:Boussard & Gavaudan Investment Management  LLP.Emmanuel Gavaudan +44 (0) 20 3751 5389 Email : info@bgam-uk.comThe Company is established as a closed-ended investment company domiciled in Guernsey. The Company has received the necessary approval of the Guernsey Financial Services Commission and the States of Guernsey Policy Council. The Company is registered with the Dutch Authority for the Financial Markets as a collective investment scheme pursuant to article 2:73 in conjunction with 2:66 of the Dutch Financial Supervision Act (Wet op het financieel toezicht). The shares of the Company (the ""Shares"") are listed on Euronext Amsterdam. The Shares are also listed on the Official List of the UK Listing Authority and admitted to trading on the London Stock Exchange plc's main market for listed securities.This is not an offer to sell or a solicitation of any offer to buy any securities in the United States or in any other jurisdiction. This announcement is not intended to and does not constitute  or form part of  any offer or invitation to purchase any securities or the solicitation of any vote or approval in any jurisdiction  nor shall there be any sale  issuance or transfer of the securities referred to in this announcement in any jurisdiction in contravention of applicable law.Neither the Company nor BG Fund ICAV has been  and neither will be  registered under the US Investment Company Act of 1940  as amended (the ""Investment Company Act""). In addition the securities referenced in this announcement have not been and will not be registered under the US Securities Act of 1933  as amended (the ""Securities Act""). Consequently any such securities may not be offered  sold or otherwise transferred within the United States or to  or for the account or benefit of  US persons except in accordance with the Securities Act or an exemption therefrom and under circumstances which will not require the issuer of such securities to register under the Investment Company Act. No public offering of any securities will be made in the United States.You should always bear in mind that:all investment is subject to risk;results in the past are no guarantee of future results;the investment performance of BGHL may go down as well as up. You may not get back all of your original investment; andif you are in any doubt about the contents of this communication or if you consider making an investment decision  you are advised to seek expert financial advice.This communication is for information purposes only and the information contained in this communication should not be relied upon as a substitute for financial or other professional advice.Attachment",neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,negative,0.0,0.23,0.77,True,English,"['BGHL', 'GBP', 'NAV', 'GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITED Ordinary Shares', 'The Class B Euro Shares', 'BGHL Ordinary Shares Euro Shares', 'A Liquidity Enhancement Agreement', 'London Stock Exchange plc', 'Euro Shares Sterling Shares', 'Guernsey Financial Services Commission', 'Dutch Financial Supervision Act', 'N/A Sterling Shares Amsterdam', 'A N/A Average Price', 'US Investment Company Act', 'Euro Shares Amsterdam', 'Sterling Shares Shares', 'A N/A Range', 'expert financial advice', 'Guernsey Policy Council', 'collective investment scheme', 'other professional advice', 'BG Fund ICAV', 'Gavaudan Investment Management', 'closed-ended investment company', 'UK Listing Authority', 'US Securities Act', 'investment manager fees', 'BG Fund NAV', '850 N/A Shares', 'The Shares', 'Dutch Authority', 'Emmanuel Gavaudan', 'N/A GBX', 'Euronext Amsterdam', 'US persons', 'A Premium/discount', 'Financial Markets', 'The Directors', 'The Company', 'investment performance', 'original investment', 'investment decision', 'performance fees', 'BGHL Capital', 'management fees', 'MTD return', 'YTD return', 'ITD return', 'financieel toezicht', 'Official List', 'applicable law', 'public offering', 'other jurisdiction', 'main market', 'United States', 'following information', 'information purposes', 'NAV N', 'necessary approval', 'future results', 'listed securities', 'Market information', 'LSE) Market', 'BOUSSARD', 'business', 'returns', 'AEX', 'Transactions', 'treasury', 'Number', 'respect', 'role', 'LLP.', 'Email', 'article', 'conjunction', 'solicitation', 'announcement', 'part', 'invitation', 'vote', 'sale', 'issuance', 'transfer', 'contravention', 'addition', 'account', 'benefit', 'accordance', 'exemption', 'circumstances', 'issuer', 'mind', 'risk', 'past', 'guarantee', 'doubt', 'contents', 'communication', 'substitute', 'Attachment']",2023-03-29,2023-03-30,globenewswire.com
21706,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.prnewswire.co.uk/news-releases/dsm-quantifies-impact-on-delivering-a-healthier-future-for-people-planet-and-livelihoods-301783237.html,DSM quantifies impact on delivering a healthier future for people  planet and livelihoods,HEERLEN  Netherlands  March 29  2023 /PRNewswire/ -- Royal DSM  a global purpose-led science-based company  reveals the first audited results of its progress in helping to address urgent societal and environmental challenges linked to how the world produces a…,"HEERLEN  Netherlands  March 29  2023 /PRNewswire/ -- Royal DSM  a global purpose-led science-based company  reveals the first audited results of its progress in helping to address urgent societal and environmental challenges linked to how the world produces and consumes food.In the first full year since announcing a series of ambitious  measurable  long-term food system commitments  DSM's initial findings provide a benchmark by which to measure improvement between now and 2030 as the company seeks to ensure accessible  affordable  healthy nutrition along with healthy livelihoods within planetary boundaries.DSM's food system commitments cover areas where the company believes it can make the greatest positive impact and support the UN Sustainable Development Goals 2  3  12 and 13.DSM is one of the first companies in the consumer ingredients sector to make its societal impact explicit  with KPMG providing the highest possible assurance opinion for non-financial data on the 2022 conclusions:Health for PeopleClosing the micronutrient gap of 642 million vulnerable people in 2022Through the fortification for staple foods  public health initiatives  and emergency relief supplements  DSM helped millions of society's most vulnerable  many of whom are mothers and children with special nutritional needs. Working with partners including the World Food Program  UNICEF and Sight and Life  DSM will extend its impact as it targets helping to close the micronutrient gap of 800 million people by 2030.Supporting the immunity of 321 million people in 2022DSM's vitamin C and D solutions  used in multivitamin and straight supplements  supported the immune systems of almost a third of a billion people worldwide in 2022. The company continues to educate and inform about the vital role of micronutrients for a well-functioning immune system as it aims to support 500 million people by 2030.Health for PlanetEnabling a marked reduction in on-farm livestock emissions in 2022DSM's animal feed solutions mean its customers can reduce farm emissions  including ammonia from swine farming (by 20.0%); phosphorus eutrophication from poultry farming (by 6.8%); and greenhouse gases in dairy production (by 20.5%). By investing in scientifically- and economically-proven innovations such as feed enzymes and eubiotics  including VevoVitall® and Digestarom® as well as its methane inhibitor Bovaer®  which gained various regulatory approvals around the world during 2022  DSM targets double-digit reductions by 2030.Reaching 62 million people with plant-based foods in 2022With DSM's growing range of plant-based food ingredients  the company enabled its customers to serve millions of people wanting nutritious  delicious  and sustainably produced meat  dairy and fish alternatives in 2022. DSM launched the Vertis™ range in December  including the world's first textured vegetable protein that is a complete protein  soy-free and gluten-free  as it targets reaching 150 million people by 2030.Healthy LivelihoodsSupporting the livelihoods of more than 60 000 smallholder farmers in 2022Through its Africa Improved Foods joint venture and with partners including World Vision  DSM helped to maintain and improve the livelihoods of farmers across Rwanda and Sub-Saharan Africa. DSM is now developing new activities in greater Africa   Latin America and South East Asia as it aims to reach 500 000 smallholders by 2030.More information on DSM's food system commitments  including how the results were determined  can be found here.Geraldine Matchett and Dimitri de Vreeze  DSM Co-CEOs  commented: ""The initial results are humbling – millions of people around the world already benefit from DSM's scientific expertise and manufacturing prowess – but also make clear there is much more to be done. The way food is produced and consumed currently contributes to major global challenges  such as climate change  malnutrition and poverty. Urgent change is needed. Quantifying our impact provides a robust benchmark from which we can work towards our 2030 ambitions. We can now reassess if any targets can be revised upwards and  together with our partners  do even more to ensure accessible  affordable  healthy nutrition and healthy livelihoods within our planet's boundaries.""DSMRoyal DSM is a global  purpose-led company in Health  Nutrition & Bioscience  applying science to improve the health of people  animals and the planet. DSM's purpose is to create brighter lives for all. DSM's products and solutions address some of the world's biggest challenges while simultaneously creating economic  environmental and societal value for all its stakeholders – customers  employees  shareholders  and society at large. The company was founded in 1902 and is listed on Euronext Amsterdam. More information can be found at www.dsm.com.Or find us on:LinkedIn: http://www.linkedin.com/company/3108Twitter: http://www.twitter.com/DSMFacebook: http://www.facebook.com/DSMcompanyYouTube: http://www.youtube.com/user/dsmcompanyFor more informationDSM Media Relations Gareth Mead tel. +31 (0) 45 5782420 email media.contacts@dsm.com DSM Investor Relations Dave Huizing tel. +31 (0) 45 5782864 email investor.relations@dsm.comForward-looking statementsThis press release may contain forward-looking statements with respect to DSM's future (financial) performance and position. Such statements are based on current expectations  estimates and projections of DSM and information currently available to the company. DSM cautions readers that such statements involve certain risks and uncertainties that are difficult to predict and therefore it should be understood that many factors can cause actual performance and position to differ materially from these statements. DSM has no obligation to update the statements contained in this press release  unless required by law. The English language version of the press release is leading.Logo - https://mma.prnewswire.com/media/329419/dsm_logo.jpgSOURCE Royal DSM",neutral,0.37,0.63,0.0,mixed,0.64,0.13,0.23,True,English,"['healthier future', 'DSM', 'impact', 'people', 'planet', 'livelihoods', 'ambitious, measurable, long-term food system commitments', 'DSM Media Relations Gareth M', 'Africa Improved Foods joint venture', 'UN Sustainable Development Goals', 'highest possible assurance opinion', 'accessible, affordable, healthy nutrition', 'global purpose-led science-based company', 'functioning immune system', 'consumer ingredients sector', 'special nutritional needs', 'various regulatory approvals', 'South East Asia', 'Dimitri de Vreeze', 'major global challenges', 'global, purpose-led company', 'emergency relief supplements', 'textured vegetable protein', 'plant-based food ingredients', 'first full year', 'farm livestock emissions', 'greatest positive impact', 'animal feed solutions', 'public health initiatives', 'World Food Program', '642 million vulnerable people', 'plant-based foods', 'staple foods', 'farm emissions', 'Sub-Saharan Africa', 'greater Africa', 'straight supplements', 'immune systems', 'feed enzymes', 'complete protein', 'healthy livelihoods', 'first audited', 'environmental challenges', 'first companies', 'biggest challenges', 'urgent societal', 'initial findings', 'non-financial data', 'micronutrient gap', 'vitamin C', 'a third', 'vital role', 'marked reduction', 'swine farming', 'phosphorus eutrophication', 'poultry farming', 'greenhouse gases', 'proven innovations', 'methane inhibitor', 'double-digit reductions', 'growing range', 'nutritious, delicious', 'fish alternatives', 'Vertis™ range', 'new activities', 'Latin America', 'Geraldine Matchett', 'scientific expertise', 'manufacturing prowess', 'climate change', 'Urgent change', 'brighter lives', 'economic, environmental', 'societal value', 'Euronext Amsterdam', '800 million people', '321 million people', '500 million people', '62 million people', '150 million people', 'societal impact', 'billion people', 'More information', 'planetary boundaries', 'dairy production', '60,000 smallholder farmers', 'robust benchmark', 'World Vision', 'initial results', 'Royal DSM', 'DSM Co-CEOs', 'HEERLEN', 'Netherlands', 'PRNewswire', 'progress', 'series', 'improvement', 'areas', 'KPMG', '2022 conclusions', 'fortification', 'millions', 'society', 'mothers', 'children', 'partners', 'UNICEF', 'Sight', 'Life', 'immunity', 'multivitamin', 'micronutrients', 'customers', 'ammonia', 'eubiotics', 'VevoVitall®', 'Digestarom', 'Bovaer®', 'meat', 'December', 'Rwanda', '500,000 smallholders', 'way', 'malnutrition', 'poverty', '2030 ambitions', 'targets', 'Bioscience', 'animals', 'products', 'stakeholders', 'employees', 'shareholders', 'LinkedIn', 'Twitter', 'Facebook', 'DSMcompany', 'YouTube', '20.0']",2023-03-29,2023-03-30,prnewswire.co.uk
21707,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/BOUSSARD-GAVAUDAN-HOLDI-36044/news/BGHL-EUR-NAV-s-43362873/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230329,BGHL (EUR): NAV(s),(marketscreener.com)                                       BOUSSARD & GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITED Ordinary Shares The Directors of Boussard & Gavaudan Holding Limited would like...https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/BOUSSARD-GAVAUDAN-HOLDI-36044/news/BGHL…,"BOUSSARD & GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITEDOrdinary SharesThe Directors of Boussard & Gavaudan Holding Limited would like to announce the following information for the Company.Close of business 28 Mar 2023.Estimated NAVEuro Shares Sterling Shares Estimated NAV € 26.6798 £ 23.5481 Estimated MTD return -2.22 % -2.11 % Estimated YTD return -3.92 % -3.60 % Estimated ITD return 166.80 % 135.48 %NAV and returns are calculated net of management and performance feesMarket informationEuro Shares Amsterdam (AEX) London (LSE) Market Close € 21.60 N/A Premium/discount to estimated NAV -19.04 % N/A Sterling Shares Amsterdam (AEX) London (LSE) Market Close N/A GBX 1 900.00 Premium/discount to estimated NAV N/A -19.31 %Transactions in own securities purchased into treasuryOrdinary Shares Euro Shares Sterling Shares Number of shares N/A N/A Average Price N/A N/A Range of Price N/A N/ALiquidity Enhancement Agreement Euro Shares Sterling Shares Number of shares N/A N/A Average Price N/A N/ABGHL CapitalBGHL Ordinary Shares Euro Shares Sterling Shares Shares Outstanding 12 296 208 126 294 Held in treasury 850 N/A Shares Issued 12 297 058 126 294Estimated BG Fund NAVClass B Euro Shares (estimated) € 234.3676 Class GBP A Shares (estimated) £ 125.6624The Class B Euro Shares of BG Fund are not subject to investment manager fees  as the Investment Manager receives management fees and performance fees in respect of its role as Investment Manager of BGHL.For further information please contact:Boussard & Gavaudan Investment Management  LLP.Emmanuel Gavaudan +44 (0) 20 3751 5389 Email : info@bgam-uk.comThe Company is established as a closed-ended investment company domiciled in Guernsey. The Company has received the necessary approval of the Guernsey Financial Services Commission and the States of Guernsey Policy Council. The Company is registered with the Dutch Authority for the Financial Markets as a collective investment scheme pursuant to article 2:73 in conjunction with 2:66 of the Dutch Financial Supervision Act (Wet op het financieel toezicht). The shares of the Company (the ""Shares"") are listed on Euronext Amsterdam. The Shares are also listed on the Official List of the UK Listing Authority and admitted to trading on the London Stock Exchange plc's main market for listed securities.This is not an offer to sell or a solicitation of any offer to buy any securities in the United States or in any other jurisdiction. This announcement is not intended to and does not constitute  or form part of  any offer or invitation to purchase any securities or the solicitation of any vote or approval in any jurisdiction  nor shall there be any sale  issuance or transfer of the securities referred to in this announcement in any jurisdiction in contravention of applicable law.Neither the Company nor BG Fund ICAV has been  and neither will be  registered under the US Investment Company Act of 1940  as amended (the ""Investment Company Act""). In addition the securities referenced in this announcement have not been and will not be registered under the US Securities Act of 1933  as amended (the ""Securities Act""). Consequently any such securities may not be offered  sold or otherwise transferred within the United States or to  or for the account or benefit of  US persons except in accordance with the Securities Act or an exemption therefrom and under circumstances which will not require the issuer of such securities to register under the Investment Company Act. No public offering of any securities will be made in the United States.You should always bear in mind that:all investment is subject to risk;results in the past are no guarantee of future results;the investment performance of BGHL may go down as well as up. You may not get back all of your original investment; andif you are in any doubt about the contents of this communication or if you consider making an investment decision  you are advised to seek expert financial advice.This communication is for information purposes only and the information contained in this communication should not be relied upon as a substitute for financial or other professional advice.Attachment",neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,negative,0.0,0.23,0.77,True,English,"['BGHL', 'EUR', 'NAV', 'GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITED Ordinary Shares', 'The Class B Euro Shares', 'BGHL Ordinary Shares Euro Shares', 'A Liquidity Enhancement Agreement', 'London Stock Exchange plc', 'Euro Shares Sterling Shares', 'Guernsey Financial Services Commission', 'Dutch Financial Supervision Act', 'N/A Sterling Shares Amsterdam', 'A N/A Average Price', 'US Investment Company Act', 'Euro Shares Amsterdam', 'Sterling Shares Shares', 'A N/A Range', 'expert financial advice', 'Guernsey Policy Council', 'collective investment scheme', 'other professional advice', 'BG Fund ICAV', 'Gavaudan Investment Management', 'closed-ended investment company', 'UK Listing Authority', 'US Securities Act', 'investment manager fees', 'BG Fund NAV', '850 N/A Shares', 'The Shares', 'Dutch Authority', 'Emmanuel Gavaudan', 'N/A GBX', 'Euronext Amsterdam', 'US persons', 'A Premium/discount', 'Financial Markets', 'The Directors', 'The Company', 'investment performance', 'original investment', 'investment decision', 'performance fees', 'BGHL Capital', 'management fees', 'MTD return', 'YTD return', 'ITD return', 'financieel toezicht', 'Official List', 'applicable law', 'public offering', 'other jurisdiction', 'main market', 'United States', 'following information', 'information purposes', 'NAV N', 'necessary approval', 'future results', 'listed securities', 'Market information', 'LSE) Market', 'BOUSSARD', 'business', 'returns', 'AEX', 'Transactions', 'treasury', 'Number', 'respect', 'role', 'LLP.', 'Email', 'article', 'conjunction', 'solicitation', 'announcement', 'part', 'invitation', 'vote', 'sale', 'issuance', 'transfer', 'contravention', 'addition', 'account', 'benefit', 'accordance', 'exemption', 'circumstances', 'issuer', 'mind', 'risk', 'past', 'guarantee', 'doubt', 'contents', 'communication', 'substitute', 'Attachment']",2023-03-29,2023-03-30,marketscreener.com
21708,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2023/03/29/2637120/0/en/Inventiva-reports-its-2022-full-year-results.html,Inventiva reports its 2022 full-year results,Cash and cash equivalents at €86.7 million and short term deposits at €1 million as of December 31  2022 compared to €86.6 million and €8.8...,"English FrenchCash and cash equivalents at €86.7 million and short term deposits at €1 million as of December 31  2022 compared to €86.6 million and €8.8 million  respectively as of December 31  2021Inventiva entered into a license and collaboration agreement with Sino Biopharm a leading Chinese pharmaceutical group  through CTTQ  to develop  manufacture and commercialize lanifibranor in Greater ChinaUnder this agreement with Sino Biopharm  Inventiva received a €12.8 million¹ upfront paymentInventiva received the first tranche of €25 million under its credit facility with the European Investment Bank (EIB)Screening of the first patients in LEGEND  a Phase IIa combination trial with lanifibranor and empagliflozin in patients with NASH and T2DSecured a new patent expanding the IP protection of lanifibranor in the U.S.In January 2023  Inventiva announced changes to NATiV3  a Phase III trial with lanifibranor in patients with NASH  that are expected to be beneficial to the clinical programDaix (France)  Long Island City (New York  United States)  March 29  2023 – Inventiva (Euronext Paris and Nasdaq: IVA) (the “Company”)  a clinical-stage biopharmaceutical company focused on the development of oral small molecule therapies for the treatment of patients with non-alcoholic steatohepatitis (“NASH”) and other diseases with significant unmet medical needs  today reported its full-year results for 2022.Frédéric Cren  Chairman  CEO and cofounder of Inventiva  stated: “2022 has been a successful year for Inventiva in many ways. On the clinical front  we achieved substantial progress in the development of lanifibranor starting with clearance by the FDA of our “Investigational New Drug” application for our Phase II clinical trial combining lanifibranor and empagliflozin in patients with NASH and type 2 diabetes. In China  we established a partnership with Sino Biopharm to develop and commercialize lanifibranor in Mainland China  Hong Kong Special Administrative Region  Macau Special Administrative Region and Taiwan. As part of this collaboration  we received an upfront payment of €12.8 million  including €1.3 million of withholding taxes for net proceeds of €11.5 million  in November 2022  and are eligible to receive up to $290 million in potential milestone payments and royalties on potential net sales of lanifibranor in China  subject to marketing approval in China.Over the year  we also strengthened our financial position through a loan agreement of up to €50 million with the European Investment Bank  subject to completion of certain conditions²   of which we drew the first €25 million tranche in December 2022. In July 2022  we raised nearly €15 million  including more than €9 million gross proceeds through our ""At-The-Market"" program and loan agreements with a syndicate of French banks for a total amount of €5.3 million.Looking forward  we are continuing our effort to implement the new design of NATiV3 which has been submitted in almost all countries involved in the study and has already been cleared in key countries including the United States. Enrollment in our investigator initiated study  led by Dr. Cusi  was completed in September and we expect the publication of this Phase II clinical study evaluating lanifibranor for the treatment of NAFLD in patients with T2D by the middle of the second quarter of 2023. Finally  both the results from our LEGEND Phase II study combining lanifibranor and empagliflozin in patients with NASH and T2D and the first visit of the last patient in our NATiV3 study  are expected in the second half of 2023.”Key financial results for the full year of 2022As of December 31  2022  the Company had €86.7 million of cash and cash equivalents and €1.0 million of short-term deposits³   compared to €86.6 million and €8.8 million  respectively  as of December 31  2021.Cash and cash equivalents at year end included the €12.8 million upfront payment (including €1.3 million of withholding taxes  amounting to net proceeds of €11.5 million) received on November 4  2022 from Chia Tai Tianqing Pharmaceutical Group  Co.  LTD (“CTTQ”)  a subsidiary of Sino Biopharm  in connection with the previously announced license and collaboration agreement dated September 21  2022.Cash and cash equivalents at year end also included the €25.0 million tranche of the previously announced unsecured loan agreement executed with the EIB on May 16  2022  which the Company received on December 8  2022  the €9.4 million gross proceeds (€8.8 million net proceeds) raised through the Company’s At-The-Market (“ATM”) Program on June 15  2022  and the proceeds of three previously announced loan agreements with a syndicate of French banks for a total amount of €5.3 million. One of the loans was contracted as part of a French state-guaranteed loan facility with Bpifrance  and the two other loans were obtained as part of a French state stimulus economic plan granted by Crédit Agricole Champagne-Bourgogne and Société Générale.Net cash used in operating activities amounted to (€44.9) million for the full year 2022  compared to (€47.6) million in 2021. Net cash used in operating expenses in 2022 was driven primarily by R&D expenses  partially offset by the upfront payment received from CTTQ.Net cash generated from (used in) investing activities amounted to €8.9 million for the full year 2022 compared to (€1.8) million net cash used for the same period in 2021. The variance is mainly due to the change in short term deposits between both periods.Net cash generated from financing activities amounted to €37.3 million for the full year 2022 compared to €25.4 million for 2021. Net cash generated from financing activities in 2022 has been driven by the proceeds of the first tranche of €25 million from the EIB loan  gross proceeds of €9.4 million from the sale of securities through the Company’s ATM program and proceeds of €5.3 million from three French state partially guaranteed loans  as described above.For the full year 2022  the Company recorded a negative exchange rate effect on cash and cash equivalents of (€1.0) million  due to the strengthening of USD versus Euro  compared to a positive effect of €4.8 million for 2021.Considering its current R&D and clinical development programs  the Company estimates that its existing cash  cash equivalents and short-term deposits should allow the Company to fund its operations until the end of the fourth quarter of 20234. This cash runway estimate does not include the conditional second tranche of €25.0 million of the EIB loan agreement2.The Company’s revenues for the full year 2022 amounted to €12.2 million  as compared to €4.2 million for 2021. The revenues recorded in 2022 were driven mostly by the Company’s license and collaboration agreement with CTTQ  executed on September 21  2022  and revenues recorded in 2021 primarily consisted of a €4.0 million milestone payment for a milestone that was recorded following the launch by AbbVie of the Phase IIb clinical trial with cedirogant. As previously disclosed  this trial of cedirogant has since been discontinued by AbbVie and the partnership with AbbVie has been terminated.Other income amounted to €6.6 million for the full year 2022  as compared to €4.3 million for 2021  increased 54% mainly driven by the French R&D tax credit based on the increasing eligible expenses and to a lesser extent by the U.S. R&D tax credit.R&D expenses for the fiscal year ended December 31  2022 amounted to (€60.5) million compared to (€48.5) million for the same period in 2021. This 24.8% increase was driven mostly by the costs associated with the NATiV3 Phase III clinical trial of lanifibranor in NASH  including a full twelve months of operation for the U.S. affiliate and  to a lesser extent  with the LEGEND Phase IIa combination trial with lanifibranor and empagliflozin in patients with NASH and type 2 diabetes (“T2D”).Marketing and business development expenses stood at (€2.6) million for the fiscal year ended December 31  2022 compared to (€0.4) million for the same period in 2021 mainly linked to the partnership with CTTQ and to a lesser extent to the increasing market access activities.General and administrative expenses (G&A) amounted to (€12.9) million for the fiscal year ended December 31  2022  increased +15.7% compared to (€11.2) million for the same period in 2021  mainly due to personnel costs linked to the non-cash share-based payment expenses  a full twelve months of operating for the U.S. affiliate and to a lesser extent an increase in compliance and consulting fees related to the dual listing of Inventiva securities and strategic projectsOther operating income (expenses) was €0 million for the fiscal year ended December 31  2022 compared to (€0.6) million for the same period in 2021.Net financial income stood at €2.8 million for the fiscal year ended December 31  2022 compared to €2.8 million for the same period in 2021. The net financial income for both years mainly includes (i) the losses from the change in fair value linked to derivatives (warrants linked to the finance contract with EIB in 2022 and forward currency contracts in 2021) and (ii) the foreign exchange gain generated by cash and cash equivalents denominated in U.S. dollars and the favorable exchange rate of euro against the U.S. dollar over the period.Income tax amounted to €0 million for the 2022 fiscal year  compared to (€0.4) million for 2021.The Company’s net loss for the full year 2022 was (€54.3)  compared to (€49.6) million for 2021.The following table presents Inventiva’s income statement  prepared in accordance with IFRS  for the 2022 financial year  with comparatives for the 2021 financial year.(in thousands of euros) Year ended December 31  2022 Year ended December 31  2021 Revenues 12 179 4 194 Other income 6 635 4 307 Research and development expenses (60 469) (48 452) Marketing – business development expenses (2 583) (364) General and administrative expenses (12 912) (11 155) Other operating income (expenses) 40 (644) Net operating loss (57 110) (52 114) Net financial income 2 816 2 842 Income tax 20 (364) Net loss for the period (54 274) (49 635) Basic/diluted loss per share (euros/share) (1.31) (1.27) Weighted average number of outstanding shares used for computing basic/diluted loss per share 41 449 732 39 168 152Main areas of progress in the R&D portfolioLanifibranor in non-alcoholic steatohepatitis (NASH)Changes to the Phase III NATiV3 trial evaluating lanifibranor in NASH — designed to align with the FDA’s public communication suggesting that an alternative approach to seek full approval in patients with NASH could be considered upon submission of positive results of a Phase III trial using a histology surrogate endpoint in patients with NASH and a Phase III clinical outcome trial in patients with NASH and compensated cirrhosis— that the Company believes will be beneficial to the overall lanifibranor clinical program by reducing the number of biopsies during the trial  reducing the trial duration from 7 years to 72 weeks or potentially expanding the addressable patient population to include patients with NASH and compensated cirrhosis – January 4  2023Approval of a new patent  protecting the use of lanifibranor for the treatment of cirrhotic patients at risk of progressing from compensated stage to decompensated stage  in the United States until November 2039 by the United States Patent and Trademark Office (“USPTO”) – November 28  2022Completion of the recruitment for the investigator-initiated Phase II trial of lanifibranor in patients with Non-Alcoholic Fatty Liver Disease (“NAFLD”) and with T2D  conducted by Dr. Cusi from the University of Florida – September 22  2022Screening in the United States of the first patient in Inventiva’s proof-of-concept LEGEND Phase IIa combination trial with lanifibranor and empagliflozin for the treatment of patients with NASH and T2D. All 36 sites in France  the United Kingdom  Belgium  the Netherlands  and the United States anticipated to participate in the trial have been qualified. Topline results are expected to be published in the second half of 2023 – July 7  2022Completion by the FDA of its safety review of Inventiva’s Investigational New Drug application (IND) for the LEGEND Phase II combination trial with lanifibranor and empagliflozin in patients with NASH and T2D – March 8  2022Odiparcil in mucopolysaccharidosis type VI (MPS VI)FDA feedback that odiparcil can be dosed in pediatric MPS VI patients and that the single Phase II/III trial design presented by the Company could potentially support a future odiparcil marketing application. Inventiva continues to review potential options to further development of odiparcil for the treatment of MPS VI  which may include pursuing a partnership – August  2022Collaboration with AbbVie on cedirogant in autoimmune diseasesDecision by AbbVie to stop the development of cedirogant following the analysis of a nonclinical toxicology study – October 31  2022Receipt of a €4 million milestone payment from AbbVie following the inclusion of the first patient in the now-terminated Phase IIb clinical trial with cedirogant in patients with moderate to severe psoriasis – January 31  2022Other significant milestonesReceipt of the €25 million payment under the first tranche of the unsecured loan agreement with the EIB on May 16  2022  with a maturity date of December 2026 – December 12  2022Appointment of Dr. Lucy Lu as Director on Inventiva’s Board of Directors in lieu of Sofinnova Partners  effective on November 9 th   2022  after Dr. Lu had been Sofinnova Partners’ representative on Inventiva’s Board of Directors since January 4 th   2020. – November 21  2022  2022  after Dr. Lu had been Sofinnova Partners’ representative on Inventiva’s Board of Directors since January 4   2020. – November 21  2022 Entry into a license and collaboration agreement with Sino Biopharm through their CTTQ subsidiary  Chia Tai Tianqing Pharmaceutical Group  to develop and commercialize lanifibranor for the treatment of NASH and other metabolic diseases in Greater China – September 21  2022Entry of Inventiva in the Euronext Tech Leaders segment  a new Euronext segment which includes more than 100 high-growth and leading tech companies across Europe – June 7  2022Entry into a credit facility agreement for up to €50 million  subject to conditions precedent2  with the European Investment Bank with the plan to use any potential borrowings under the facility towards Inventiva’s preclinical and clinical pipeline  including to help fund a portion of its Phase III clinical trial of lanifibranor in patients with NASH  subject to satisfaction of conditions precedent – May 16  2022Anticipated key milestones expectedAfter having finalized patient recruitment in September 2022  publication of the topline results of the investigator-initiated study with lanifibranor in patients with NAFLD and T2D – anticipated by the middle of the second quarter of 2023Publication of the topline results of the LEGEND Phase IIa combination trial of lanifibranor in combination with empagliflozin in patients with NASH and T2D – anticipated in the second half of 2023Last Patient First Visit of the NATiV3 Phase III clinical trial evaluating lanifibranor in NASH – anticipated in the second half of 2023Upcoming investor conference participationEvercore ISI NASH Renaissance – March 30 – VirtualKempen Life Sciences Conference – April 25-26 – AmsterdamJefferies Global Healthcare Conference – June 7-9 – New York CityUpcoming scientific conference participationDigestive Disease Week – May 6-9 – Chicago  ILConference callA conference call in English will be held tomorrow  Thursday  March 30  2023 at 8:00 am (New York time)/2:00 pm (Paris time) to discuss 2022 financial results and business updates.The conference call and the slides of the presentation will be webcast live at https://edge.media-server.com/mmc/p/jdzcm24d and also available on Inventiva’s onwards in the “Investors” – “Financial results” section.In order to receive the conference access information necessary to join the conference call  it is required to register in advance using the following link: https://register.vevent.com/register/BI64f8e310179a49e2a675a18f401f7241 .In the 10 minutes prior to the call start time  participants will need to use the conference access information provided in the e-mail received at the point of registering (dial-in number and access code).A replay of the conference call and the presentation will be available after the event at: https://inventivapharma.com/investors/financial-results-presentations/ .Next financial results publicationRevenues and cash  cash equivalents and short-term deposits for the first quarter of 2023: Monday  May 16  2023 (after U.S. market close)About InventivaInventiva is a clinical-stage biopharmaceutical company focused on the research and development of oral small molecule therapies for the treatment of patients with NASH  mucopolysaccharidoses (“MPS”) and other diseases with significant unmet medical need. The Company benefits from a strong expertise and experience in the domain of compounds targeting nuclear receptors  transcription factors and epigenetic modulation. Inventiva is currently advancing one clinical candidate  has a pipeline of two preclinical programs and continues to explore other development opportunities to add to its pipeline.Inventiva’s lead product candidate  lanifibranor  is currently in a pivotal Phase III clinical trial  NATiV3  for the treatment of adult patients with NASH  a common and progressive chronic liver disease for which there are currently no approved therapies.Inventiva’s pipeline also includes odiparcil  a drug candidate for the treatment of adult MPS VI patients. As part of Inventiva’s decision to focus clinical efforts on the development of lanifibranor  it suspended its clinical efforts relating to odiparcil and is reviewing available options with respect to its potential further development. Inventiva is also in the process of selecting an oncology development candidate for its Hippo signaling pathway program.The Company has a scientific team of approximately 90 people with deep expertise in the fields of biology  medicinal and computational chemistry  pharmacokinetics and pharmacology  and clinical development. It owns an extensive library of approximately 240 000 pharmacologically relevant molecules  approximately 60% of which are proprietary  as well as a wholly-owned research and development facility.Inventiva is a public company listed on compartment B of the regulated market of Euronext Paris (ticker: IVA  ISIN: FR0013233012) and on the Nasdaq Global Market in the United States (ticker: IVA). www.inventivapharma.comContactsInventivaPascaline ClercVP of Global External Affairsmedia@inventivapharma.com+1 240 620 9175 Brunswick GroupTristan Roquet MontegonAude LepreuxMatthieu BenoistMedia relationsinventiva@brunswickgroup.com+33 1 53 96 83 83 Westwicke  an ICR CompanyPatricia L. BankInvestor relationspatti.bank@westwicke.com+1 415 513 1284Important NoticeThis press release contains “forward-looking statements” within the meaning of the safe harbor provisions of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. All statements  other than statements of historical facts  included in this press release are forward-looking statements. These statements include  but are not limited to  statements regarding forecasts and estimates with respect to Inventiva’s pre-clinical programs and clinical trials  including design  duration  timing  recruitment costs  screening and enrolment for those trials  including the ongoing NATiV3 Phase III clinical trial with lanifibranor in NASH  the LEGEND Phase IIa combination trial with lanifibranor and empagliflozin in patients with NASH and type 2 diabetes  and the Phase II clinical study evaluating lanifibranor for the treatment of NAFLD in patients with T2D  the potential benefits of the modification of the Phase III NATiV3 trial evaluating lanifibranor in NASH  the potential development of and regulatory pathway for odiparcil including a potential partnership  clinical trial data releases and publications  the information  insights and impacts that may be gathered from clinical trials  the addressable patient population  the potential therapeutic benefits of Inventiva’s product candidates  including lanifibranor  potential regulatory submissions and approvals  Inventiva’s pipeline and preclinical and clinical development plans  future activities  expectations  plans  growth and prospects of Inventiva  the potential receipt of the second tranche under the EIB loan and any potential transaction or receipt of additional funds  and the sufficiency of Inventiva’s cash resources and cash runway and the ability of the Company to continue as a going concern. Certain of these statements  forecasts and estimates can be recognized by the use of words such as  without limitation  “believes”  “anticipates”  “expects”  “intends”  “plans”  “seeks”  “estimates”  “may”  “will”  “would”  “could”  “might”  “should”  “plans”  “designed”  “hopefully”  “target”  “aim”  and “continue” and similar expressions. Such statements are not historical facts but rather are statements of future expectations and other forward-looking statements that are based on management's beliefs. These statements reflect such views and assumptions prevailing as of the date of the statements and involve known and unknown risks and uncertainties that could cause future results  performance or future events to differ materially from those expressed or implied in such statements. Future events are difficult to predict and may depend upon factors that are beyond Inventiva's control. There can be no guarantees with respect to pipeline product candidates that the clinical trial results will be available on their anticipated timeline  that future clinical trials will be initiated as anticipated  that product candidates will receive the necessary regulatory approvals  or that any of the anticipated milestones by Inventiva or its partners will be reached on their expected timeline  or at all. Actual results may turn out to be materially different from the anticipated future results  performance or achievements expressed or implied by such statements  forecasts and estimates  due to a number of factors  including that Inventiva is a clinical-stage company with no approved products and no historical product revenues  Inventiva has incurred significant losses since inception  Inventiva has a limited operating history and has never generated any revenue from product sales  Inventiva will require additional capital to finance its operations  in the absence of which  Inventiva may be required to significantly curtail  delay or discontinue one or more of its research or development programs or be unable to expand its operations or otherwise capitalize on its business opportunities and may be unable to continue as a going concern  Inventiva's future success is dependent on the successful clinical development  regulatory approval and subsequent commercialization of current and any future product candidates  preclinical studies or earlier clinical trials are not necessarily predictive of future results and the results of Inventiva's clinical trials may not support Inventiva's product candidate claims  Inventiva’s expectations with respect to the changes to the clinical development plan for lanifibranor for the treatment of NASH may not be realized and may not support the approval of a New Drug Application  Inventiva may encounter substantial delays in its clinical trials or Inventiva may fail to demonstrate safety and efficacy to the satisfaction of applicable regulatory authorities  the ability of Inventiva to recruit and retain patients in clinical studies  enrolment and retention of patients in clinical trials is an expensive and time-consuming process and could be made more difficult or rendered impossible by multiple factors outside Inventiva's control  Inventiva's product candidates may cause adverse drug reactions or have other properties that could delay or prevent their regulatory approval  or limit their commercial potential  Inventiva faces substantial competition and Inventiva’s business  and preclinical studies and clinical development programs and timelines  its financial condition and results of operations could be materially and adversely affected by the current COVID-19 pandemic and geopolitical events  such as the conflict between Russia and Ukraine  related sanctions and related impacts and potential impacts on the initiation  enrolment and completion of Inventiva’s clinical trials on anticipated timelines  and macroeconomic conditions  including global inflation  uncertain financial markets and disruptions in banking systems. Given these risks and uncertainties  no representations are made as to the accuracy or fairness of such forward-looking statements  forecasts and estimates. Furthermore  forward-looking statements  forecasts and estimates only speak as of the date of this press release. Readers are cautioned not to place undue reliance on any of these forward-looking statements.Please refer to the Universal Registration Document for the year ended December 31  2021  filed with the Autorité des Marchés Financiers on March 11  2022  the Annual Report on Form 20-F for the year ended December 31  2021  filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on March 11  2022  and the financial report for the first half of 2022 filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on September 22  2022  for additional information in relation to such factors  risks and uncertainties  in addition to the Universal Registration Document for the year ended December 31  2022 expected to be filed with the Autorité des Marchés Financiers on March 30  2023 and the Annual Report on Form 20-F for the year ended December 31  2022 expected to be filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on March 30  2023.All information in this press release is as of the date of the release. Except as required by law  Inventiva has no intention and is under no obligation to update or review the forward-looking statements referred to above.¹ This amount includes €1.3 million of withholding taxes  amounting to net proceeds of €11.5 million.² The disbursement of the second tranche of €25 million is subject to  among other conditions  (i) the Company issuing warrants to EIB in accordance with the terms and conditions of the warrants agreements entered into July 1  2022  (ii) the full drawdown of the first tranche  (iii) the receipt by the Company from the date of the EIB credit facility of an aggregate amount of at least €70.0 million (inclusive of the €18.0 million that was a condition for the disbursement of the first tranche)  paid either in exchange for Company shares  or through upfront or milestone payments  (iv) an out-licensing  partnership or royalty transaction with an upfront payment of at least €10.0 million; and (v) operational criteria based on patient enrolment and number of sites activated in the Company’s NATiV3 Phase III clinical trial of lanifibranor in patients with NASH3 Short-term deposits are included in the category “other current assets” in the IFRS consolidated statement of financial position as of December 31  2022  but are considered by the Company as liquid and easily available.4This estimate is based on the Company’s current business plan and excludes any potential milestones payable to or by the Company and any additional expenditures related to the potential continued development of the odiparcil program or resulting from the potential in-licensing or acquisition of additional product candidates or technologies  or any associated development the Company may pursue. The Company may have based this estimate on assumptions that are incorrect and the Company may end up using its resources sooner than anticipated.Attachment",neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,positive,0.98,0.01,0.0,True,English,"['2022 full-year results', 'Inventiva', 'Société Générale', 'Chia Tai Tianqing Pharmaceutical Group', 'Hong Kong Special Administrative Region', 'French state stimulus economic plan', 'Macau Special Administrative Region', 'leading Chinese pharmaceutical group', 'oral small molecule therapies', 'significant unmet medical needs', 'Frédéric Cren', 'Crédit Agricole Champagne-Bourgogne', 'Phase IIa combination trial', 'Investigational New Drug” application', 'Phase II clinical trial', 'Phase II clinical study', 'LEGEND Phase II study', 'French state-guaranteed loan facility', 'Phase III trial', 'European Investment Bank', 'Long Island City', 'potential milestone payments', 'short term deposits', 'potential net sales', '€9 million gross proceeds', '€9.4 million gross proceeds', '€12.8 million¹ upfront payment', '€12.8 million upfront payment', 'unsecured loan agreement', '8 million net proceeds', 'two other loans', 'first €25 million tranche', 'clinical-stage biopharmaceutical company', 'Key financial results', '€25.0 million tranche', 'English French', 'credit facility', 'clinical front', 'French banks', 'clinical program', 'loan agreements', 'first tranche', 'new patent', 'New York', 'other diseases', 'financial position', 'new design', 'short-term deposits³', 'first visit', 'Sino Biopharm', 'IP protection', 'U.S.', 'United States', 'Euronext Paris', 'non-alcoholic steatohepatitis', 'full-year results', 'many ways', 'substantial progress', 'type 2 diabetes', 'marketing approval', 'total amount', 'key countries', 'Dr. Cusi', 'second quarter', 'last patient', 'second half', 'operating activities', 'Net cash', 'NATiV3 study', 'successful year', 'full year', 'year end', 'collaboration agreement', 'Market"" program', 'cash equivalents', 'Greater China', 'Mainland China', 'first patients', 'December', 'Inventiva', 'license', 'CTTQ', 'manufacture', 'lanifibranor', 'EIB', 'Screening', 'empagliflozin', 'NASH', 'T2D', 'January', 'changes', 'Daix', 'France', 'Nasdaq', 'development', 'treatment', 'Chairman', 'CEO', 'cofounder', 'clearance', 'FDA', 'partnership', 'Taiwan', 'taxes', 'November', 'royalties', 'completion', 'conditions²', 'July', 'syndicate', 'effort', 'Enrollment', 'investigator', 'September', 'publication', 'NAFLD', 'middle', 'Co.', 'LTD', 'subsidiary', 'connection', 'May', 'The-Market', 'June', '2022']",2023-03-29,2023-03-30,globenewswire.com
21709,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/INVENTIVA-34031212/news/Inventiva-reports-its-2022-full-year-results-43372975/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230329,Inventiva reports its 2022 full-year results,(marketscreener.com)   Cash and cash equivalents at €86.7 million and short term deposits at €1 million as of December 31  2022 compared to €86.6 million and €8.8 million  respectively as of December 31  2021 Inventiva entered into a license and collaboration…,"Inventiva reports its 2022 full-year results 03/29/2023 | 04:01pm EDT Send by mail :Name : First name : From * : To * : (You can enter multiple email addresses separated by commas) Message : * Required fields Cash and cash equivalents at €86.7 million and short term deposits at €1 million as of December 31  2022 compared to €86.6 million and €8.8 million  respectively as of December 31  2021 Inventiva entered into a license and collaboration agreement with Sino Biopharm a leading Chinese pharmaceutical group  through CTTQ  to develop  manufacture and commercialize lanifibranor in Greater China Under this agreement with Sino Biopharm  Inventiva received a €12.8 million¹ upfront payment Inventiva received the first tranche of €25 million under its credit facility with the European Investment Bank (EIB) Screening of the first patients in LEGEND  a Phase IIa combination trial with lanifibranor and empagliflozin in patients with NASH and T2D Secured a new patent expanding the IP protection of lanifibranor in the U.S. In January 2023  Inventiva announced changes to NATiV3  a Phase III trial with lanifibranor in patients with NASH  that are expected to be beneficial to the clinical program Daix (France)  Long Island City (New York  United States)  March 29  2023 – Inventiva (Euronext Paris and Nasdaq: IVA) (the “Company”)  a clinical-stage biopharmaceutical company focused on the development of oral small molecule therapies for the treatment of patients with non-alcoholic steatohepatitis (“NASH”) and other diseases with significant unmet medical needs  today reported its full-year results for 2022. Frédéric Cren  Chairman  CEO and cofounder of Inventiva  stated: “2022 has been a successful year for Inventiva in many ways. On the clinical front  we achieved substantial progress in the development of lanifibranor starting with clearance by the FDA of our “Investigational New Drug” application for our Phase II clinical trial combining lanifibranor and empagliflozin in patients with NASH and type 2 diabetes. In China  we established a partnership with Sino Biopharm to develop and commercialize lanifibranor in Mainland China  Hong Kong Special Administrative Region  Macau Special Administrative Region and Taiwan. As part of this collaboration  we received an upfront payment of €12.8 million  including €1.3 million of withholding taxes for net proceeds of €11.5 million  in November 2022  and are eligible to receive up to $290 million in potential milestone payments and royalties on potential net sales of lanifibranor in China  subject to marketing approval in China. Over the year  we also strengthened our financial position through a loan agreement of up to €50 million with the European Investment Bank  subject to completion of certain conditions²   of which we drew the first €25 million tranche in December 2022. In July 2022  we raised nearly €15 million  including more than €9 million gross proceeds through our ""At-The-Market"" program and loan agreements with a syndicate of French banks for a total amount of €5.3 million. Looking forward  we are continuing our effort to implement the new design of NATiV3 which has been submitted in almost all countries involved in the study and has already been cleared in key countries including the United States. Enrollment in our investigator initiated study  led by Dr. Cusi  was completed in September and we expect the publication of this Phase II clinical study evaluating lanifibranor for the treatment of NAFLD in patients with T2D by the middle of the second quarter of 2023. Finally  both the results from our LEGEND Phase II study combining lanifibranor and empagliflozin in patients with NASH and T2D and the first visit of the last patient in our NATiV3 study  are expected in the second half of 2023.” Key financial results for the full year of 2022 As of December 31  2022  the Company had €86.7 million of cash and cash equivalents and €1.0 million of short-term deposits³   compared to €86.6 million and €8.8 million  respectively  as of December 31  2021. Cash and cash equivalents at year end included the €12.8 million upfront payment (including €1.3 million of withholding taxes  amounting to net proceeds of €11.5 million) received on November 4  2022 from Chia Tai Tianqing Pharmaceutical Group  Co.  LTD (“CTTQ”)  a subsidiary of Sino Biopharm  in connection with the previously announced license and collaboration agreement dated September 21  2022. Cash and cash equivalents at year end also included the €25.0 million tranche of the previously announced unsecured loan agreement executed with the EIB on May 16  2022  which the Company received on December 8  2022  the €9.4 million gross proceeds (€8.8 million net proceeds) raised through the Company’s At-The-Market (“ATM”) Program on June 15  2022  and the proceeds of three previously announced loan agreements with a syndicate of French banks for a total amount of €5.3 million. One of the loans was contracted as part of a French state-guaranteed loan facility with Bpifrance  and the two other loans were obtained as part of a French state stimulus economic plan granted by Crédit Agricole Champagne-Bourgogne and Société Générale. Net cash used in operating activities amounted to (€44.9) million for the full year 2022  compared to (€47.6) million in 2021. Net cash used in operating expenses in 2022 was driven primarily by R&D expenses  partially offset by the upfront payment received from CTTQ. Net cash generated from (used in) investing activities amounted to €8.9 million for the full year 2022 compared to (€1.8) million net cash used for the same period in 2021. The variance is mainly due to the change in short term deposits between both periods. Net cash generated from financing activities amounted to €37.3 million for the full year 2022 compared to €25.4 million for 2021. Net cash generated from financing activities in 2022 has been driven by the proceeds of the first tranche of €25 million from the EIB loan  gross proceeds of €9.4 million from the sale of securities through the Company’s ATM program and proceeds of €5.3 million from three French state partially guaranteed loans  as described above. For the full year 2022  the Company recorded a negative exchange rate effect on cash and cash equivalents of (€1.0) million  due to the strengthening of USD versus Euro  compared to a positive effect of €4.8 million for 2021. Considering its current R&D and clinical development programs  the Company estimates that its existing cash  cash equivalents and short-term deposits should allow the Company to fund its operations until the end of the fourth quarter of 20234. This cash runway estimate does not include the conditional second tranche of €25.0 million of the EIB loan agreement2. The Company’s revenues for the full year 2022 amounted to €12.2 million  as compared to €4.2 million for 2021. The revenues recorded in 2022 were driven mostly by the Company’s license and collaboration agreement with CTTQ  executed on September 21  2022  and revenues recorded in 2021 primarily consisted of a €4.0 million milestone payment for a milestone that was recorded following the launch by AbbVie of the Phase IIb clinical trial with cedirogant. As previously disclosed  this trial of cedirogant has since been discontinued by AbbVie and the partnership with AbbVie has been terminated. Other income amounted to €6.6 million for the full year 2022  as compared to €4.3 million for 2021  increased 54% mainly driven by the French R&D tax credit based on the increasing eligible expenses and to a lesser extent by the U.S. R&D tax credit. R&D expenses for the fiscal year ended December 31  2022 amounted to (€60.5) million compared to (€48.5) million for the same period in 2021. This 24.8% increase was driven mostly by the costs associated with the NATiV3 Phase III clinical trial of lanifibranor in NASH  including a full twelve months of operation for the U.S. affiliate and  to a lesser extent  with the LEGEND Phase IIa combination trial with lanifibranor and empagliflozin in patients with NASH and type 2 diabetes (“T2D”). Marketing and business development expenses stood at (€2.6) million for the fiscal year ended December 31  2022 compared to (€0.4) million for the same period in 2021 mainly linked to the partnership with CTTQ and to a lesser extent to the increasing market access activities. General and administrative expenses (G&A) amounted to (€12.9) million for the fiscal year ended December 31  2022  increased +15.7% compared to (€11.2) million for the same period in 2021  mainly due to personnel costs linked to the non-cash share-based payment expenses  a full twelve months of operating for the U.S. affiliate and to a lesser extent an increase in compliance and consulting fees related to the dual listing of Inventiva securities and strategic projects Other operating income (expenses) was €0 million for the fiscal year ended December 31  2022 compared to (€0.6) million for the same period in 2021. Net financial income stood at €2.8 million for the fiscal year ended December 31  2022 compared to €2.8 million for the same period in 2021. The net financial income for both years mainly includes (i) the losses from the change in fair value linked to derivatives (warrants linked to the finance contract with EIB in 2022 and forward currency contracts in 2021) and (ii) the foreign exchange gain generated by cash and cash equivalents denominated in U.S. dollars and the favorable exchange rate of euro against the U.S. dollar over the period. Income tax amounted to €0 million for the 2022 fiscal year  compared to (€0.4) million for 2021. The Company’s net loss for the full year 2022 was (€54.3)  compared to (€49.6) million for 2021. The following table presents Inventiva’s income statement  prepared in accordance with IFRS  for the 2022 financial year  with comparatives for the 2021 financial year. (in thousands of euros) Year ended December 31  2022 Year ended December 31  2021 Revenues 12 179 4 194 Other income 6 635 4 307 Research and development expenses (60 469) (48 452) Marketing – business development expenses (2 583) (364) General and administrative expenses (12 912) (11 155) Other operating income (expenses) 40 (644) Net operating loss (57 110) (52 114) Net financial income 2 816 2 842 Income tax 20 (364) Net loss for the period (54 274) (49 635) Basic/diluted loss per share (euros/share) (1.31) (1.27) Weighted average number of outstanding shares used for computing basic/diluted loss per share 41 449 732 39 168 152 Main areas of progress in the R&D portfolio Lanifibranor in non-alcoholic steatohepatitis (NASH) Changes to the Phase III NATiV3 trial evaluating lanifibranor in NASH — designed to align with the FDA’s public communication suggesting that an alternative approach to seek full approval in patients with NASH could be considered upon submission of positive results of a Phase III trial using a histology surrogate endpoint in patients with NASH and a Phase III clinical outcome trial in patients with NASH and compensated cirrhosis— that the Company believes will be beneficial to the overall lanifibranor clinical program by reducing the number of biopsies during the trial  reducing the trial duration from 7 years to 72 weeks or potentially expanding the addressable patient population to include patients with NASH and compensated cirrhosis – January 4  2023Approval of a new patent  protecting the use of lanifibranor for the treatment of cirrhotic patients at risk of progressing from compensated stage to decompensated stage  in the United States until November 2039 by the United States Patent and Trademark Office (“USPTO”) – November 28  2022Completion of the recruitment for the investigator-initiated Phase II trial of lanifibranor in patients with Non-Alcoholic Fatty Liver Disease (“NAFLD”) and with T2D  conducted by Dr. Cusi from the University of Florida – September 22  2022Screening in the United States of the first patient in Inventiva’s proof-of-concept LEGEND Phase IIa combination trial with lanifibranor and empagliflozin for the treatment of patients with NASH and T2D. All 36 sites in France  the United Kingdom  Belgium  the Netherlands  and the United States anticipated to participate in the trial have been qualified. Topline results are expected to be published in the second half of 2023 – July 7  2022Completion by the FDA of its safety review of Inventiva’s Investigational New Drug application (IND) for the LEGEND Phase II combination trial with lanifibranor and empagliflozin in patients with NASH and T2D – March 8  2022 Odiparcil in mucopolysaccharidosis type VI (MPS VI) FDA feedback that odiparcil can be dosed in pediatric MPS VI patients and that the single Phase II/III trial design presented by the Company could potentially support a future odiparcil marketing application. Inventiva continues to review potential options to further development of odiparcil for the treatment of MPS VI  which may include pursuing a partnership – August  2022 Collaboration with AbbVie on cedirogant in autoimmune diseases Decision by AbbVie to stop the development of cedirogant following the analysis of a nonclinical toxicology study – October 31  2022Receipt of a €4 million milestone payment from AbbVie following the inclusion of the first patient in the now-terminated Phase IIb clinical trial with cedirogant in patients with moderate to severe psoriasis – January 31  2022 Other significant milestones Receipt of the €25 million payment under the first tranche of the unsecured loan agreement with the EIB on May 16  2022  with a maturity date of December 2026 – December 12  2022Appointment of Dr. Lucy Lu as Director on Inventiva’s Board of Directors in lieu of Sofinnova Partners  effective on November 9 th   2022  after Dr. Lu had been Sofinnova Partners’ representative on Inventiva’s Board of Directors since January 4 th   2020. – November 21  2022  2022  after Dr. Lu had been Sofinnova Partners’ representative on Inventiva’s Board of Directors since January 4   2020. – November 21  2022 Entry into a license and collaboration agreement with Sino Biopharm through their CTTQ subsidiary  Chia Tai Tianqing Pharmaceutical Group  to develop and commercialize lanifibranor for the treatment of NASH and other metabolic diseases in Greater China – September 21  2022Entry of Inventiva in the Euronext Tech Leaders segment  a new Euronext segment which includes more than 100 high-growth and leading tech companies across Europe – June 7  2022Entry into a credit facility agreement for up to €50 million  subject to conditions precedent2  with the European Investment Bank with the plan to use any potential borrowings under the facility towards Inventiva’s preclinical and clinical pipeline  including to help fund a portion of its Phase III clinical trial of lanifibranor in patients with NASH  subject to satisfaction of conditions precedent – May 16  2022 Anticipated key milestones expected After having finalized patient recruitment in September 2022  publication of the topline results of the investigator-initiated study with lanifibranor in patients with NAFLD and T2D – anticipated by the middle of the second quarter of 2023Publication of the topline results of the LEGEND Phase IIa combination trial of lanifibranor in combination with empagliflozin in patients with NASH and T2D – anticipated in the second half of 2023Last Patient First Visit of the NATiV3 Phase III clinical trial evaluating lanifibranor in NASH – anticipated in the second half of 2023 Upcoming investor conference participation Evercore ISI NASH Renaissance – March 30 – VirtualKempen Life Sciences Conference – April 25-26 – AmsterdamJefferies Global Healthcare Conference – June 7-9 – New York City Upcoming scientific conference participation Digestive Disease Week – May 6-9 – Chicago  IL Conference call A conference call in English will be held tomorrow  Thursday  March 30  2023 at 8:00 am (New York time)/2:00 pm (Paris time) to discuss 2022 financial results and business updates. The conference call and the slides of the presentation will be webcast live at https://edge.media-server.com/mmc/p/jdzcm24d and also available on Inventiva’s onwards in the “Investors” – “Financial results” section. In order to receive the conference access information necessary to join the conference call  it is required to register in advance using the following link: https://register.vevent.com/register/BI64f8e310179a49e2a675a18f401f7241 . In the 10 minutes prior to the call start time  participants will need to use the conference access information provided in the e-mail received at the point of registering (dial-in number and access code). A replay of the conference call and the presentation will be available after the event at: https://inventivapharma.com/investors/financial-results-presentations/ . Next financial results publication Revenues and cash  cash equivalents and short-term deposits for the first quarter of 2023: Monday  May 16  2023 (after U.S. market close) About Inventiva Inventiva is a clinical-stage biopharmaceutical company focused on the research and development of oral small molecule therapies for the treatment of patients with NASH  mucopolysaccharidoses (“MPS”) and other diseases with significant unmet medical need. The Company benefits from a strong expertise and experience in the domain of compounds targeting nuclear receptors  transcription factors and epigenetic modulation. Inventiva is currently advancing one clinical candidate  has a pipeline of two preclinical programs and continues to explore other development opportunities to add to its pipeline. Inventiva’s lead product candidate  lanifibranor  is currently in a pivotal Phase III clinical trial  NATiV3  for the treatment of adult patients with NASH  a common and progressive chronic liver disease for which there are currently no approved therapies. Inventiva’s pipeline also includes odiparcil  a drug candidate for the treatment of adult MPS VI patients. As part of Inventiva’s decision to focus clinical efforts on the development of lanifibranor  it suspended its clinical efforts relating to odiparcil and is reviewing available options with respect to its potential further development. Inventiva is also in the process of selecting an oncology development candidate for its Hippo signaling pathway program. The Company has a scientific team of approximately 90 people with deep expertise in the fields of biology  medicinal and computational chemistry  pharmacokinetics and pharmacology  and clinical development. It owns an extensive library of approximately 240 000 pharmacologically relevant molecules  approximately 60% of which are proprietary  as well as a wholly-owned research and development facility. Inventiva is a public company listed on compartment B of the regulated market of Euronext Paris (ticker: IVA  ISIN: FR0013233012) and on the Nasdaq Global Market in the United States (ticker: IVA). www.inventivapharma.com Contacts InventivaPascaline ClercVP of Global External Affairsmedia@inventivapharma.com+1 240 620 9175 Brunswick GroupTristan Roquet MontegonAude LepreuxMatthieu BenoistMedia relationsinventiva@brunswickgroup.com+33 1 53 96 83 83 Westwicke  an ICR CompanyPatricia L. BankInvestor relationspatti.bank@westwicke.com+1 415 513 1284 Important Notice This press release contains “forward-looking statements” within the meaning of the safe harbor provisions of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. All statements  other than statements of historical facts  included in this press release are forward-looking statements. These statements include  but are not limited to  statements regarding forecasts and estimates with respect to Inventiva’s pre-clinical programs and clinical trials  including design  duration  timing  recruitment costs  screening and enrolment for those trials  including the ongoing NATiV3 Phase III clinical trial with lanifibranor in NASH  the LEGEND Phase IIa combination trial with lanifibranor and empagliflozin in patients with NASH and type 2 diabetes  and the Phase II clinical study evaluating lanifibranor for the treatment of NAFLD in patients with T2D  the potential benefits of the modification of the Phase III NATiV3 trial evaluating lanifibranor in NASH  the potential development of and regulatory pathway for odiparcil including a potential partnership  clinical trial data releases and publications  the information  insights and impacts that may be gathered from clinical trials  the addressable patient population  the potential therapeutic benefits of Inventiva’s product candidates  including lanifibranor  potential regulatory submissions and approvals  Inventiva’s pipeline and preclinical and clinical development plans  future activities  expectations  plans  growth and prospects of Inventiva  the potential receipt of the second tranche under the EIB loan and any potential transaction or receipt of additional funds  and the sufficiency of Inventiva’s cash resources and cash runway and the ability of the Company to continue as a going concern. Certain of these statements  forecasts and estimates can be recognized by the use of words such as  without limitation  “believes”  “anticipates”  “expects”  “intends”  “plans”  “seeks”  “estimates”  “may”  “will”  “would”  “could”  “might”  “should”  “plans”  “designed”  “hopefully”  “target”  “aim”  and “continue” and similar expressions. Such statements are not historical facts but rather are statements of future expectations and other forward-looking statements that are based on management's beliefs. These statements reflect such views and assumptions prevailing as of the date of the statements and involve known and unknown risks and uncertainties that could cause future results  performance or future events to differ materially from those expressed or implied in such statements. Future events are difficult to predict and may depend upon factors that are beyond Inventiva's control. There can be no guarantees with respect to pipeline product candidates that the clinical trial results will be available on their anticipated timeline  that future clinical trials will be initiated as anticipated  that product candidates will receive the necessary regulatory approvals  or that any of the anticipated milestones by Inventiva or its partners will be reached on their expected timeline  or at all. Actual results may turn out to be materially different from the anticipated future results  performance or achievements expressed or implied by such statements  forecasts and estimates  due to a number of factors  including that Inventiva is a clinical-stage company with no approved products and no historical product revenues  Inventiva has incurred significant losses since inception  Inventiva has a limited operating history and has never generated any revenue from product sales  Inventiva will require additional capital to finance its operations  in the absence of which  Inventiva may be required to significantly curtail  delay or discontinue one or more of its research or development programs or be unable to expand its operations or otherwise capitalize on its business opportunities and may be unable to continue as a going concern  Inventiva's future success is dependent on the successful clinical development  regulatory approval and subsequent commercialization of current and any future product candidates  preclinical studies or earlier clinical trials are not necessarily predictive of future results and the results of Inventiva's clinical trials may not support Inventiva's product candidate claims  Inventiva’s expectations with respect to the changes to the clinical development plan for lanifibranor for the treatment of NASH may not be realized and may not support the approval of a New Drug Application  Inventiva may encounter substantial delays in its clinical trials or Inventiva may fail to demonstrate safety and efficacy to the satisfaction of applicable regulatory authorities  the ability of Inventiva to recruit and retain patients in clinical studies  enrolment and retention of patients in clinical trials is an expensive and time-consuming process and could be made more difficult or rendered impossible by multiple factors outside Inventiva's control  Inventiva's product candidates may cause adverse drug reactions or have other properties that could delay or prevent their regulatory approval  or limit their commercial potential  Inventiva faces substantial competition and Inventiva’s business  and preclinical studies and clinical development programs and timelines  its financial condition and results of operations could be materially and adversely affected by the current COVID-19 pandemic and geopolitical events  such as the conflict between Russia and Ukraine  related sanctions and related impacts and potential impacts on the initiation  enrolment and completion of Inventiva’s clinical trials on anticipated timelines  and macroeconomic conditions  including global inflation  uncertain financial markets and disruptions in banking systems. Given these risks and uncertainties  no representations are made as to the accuracy or fairness of such forward-looking statements  forecasts and estimates. Furthermore  forward-looking statements  forecasts and estimates only speak as of the date of this press release. Readers are cautioned not to place undue reliance on any of these forward-looking statements. Please refer to the Universal Registration Document for the year ended December 31  2021  filed with the Autorité des Marchés Financiers on March 11  2022  the Annual Report on Form 20-F for the year ended December 31  2021  filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on March 11  2022  and the financial report for the first half of 2022 filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on September 22  2022  for additional information in relation to such factors  risks and uncertainties  in addition to the Universal Registration Document for the year ended December 31  2022 expected to be filed with the Autorité des Marchés Financiers on March 30  2023 and the Annual Report on Form 20-F for the year ended December 31  2022 expected to be filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on March 30  2023. All information in this press release is as of the date of the release. Except as required by law  Inventiva has no intention and is under no obligation to update or review the forward-looking statements referred to above.¹ This amount includes €1.3 million of withholding taxes  amounting to net proceeds of €11.5 million.² The disbursement of the second tranche of €25 million is subject to  among other conditions  (i) the Company issuing warrants to EIB in accordance with the terms and conditions of the warrants agreements entered into July 1  2022  (ii) the full drawdown of the first tranche  (iii) the receipt by the Company from the date of the EIB credit facility of an aggregate amount of at least €70.0 million (inclusive of the €18.0 million that was a condition for the disbursement of the first tranche)  paid either in exchange for Company shares  or through upfront or milestone payments  (iv) an out-licensing  partnership or royalty transaction with an upfront payment of at least €10.0 million; and (v) operational criteria based on patient enrolment and number of sites activated in the Company’s NATiV3 Phase III clinical trial of lanifibranor in patients with NASH3 Short-term deposits are included in the category “other current assets” in the IFRS consolidated statement of financial position as of December 31  2022  but are considered by the Company as liquid and easily available. 4This estimate is based on the Company’s current business plan and excludes any potential milestones payable to or by the Company and any additional expenditures related to the potential continued development of the odiparcil program or resulting from the potential in-licensing or acquisition of additional product candidates or technologies  or any associated development the Company may pursue. The Company may have based this estimate on assumptions that are incorrect and the Company may end up using its resources sooner than anticipated. Attachment Inventiva - PR - FY 2022 - EN - 29.03.2023All news about INVENTIVA 08:20a Inventiva announces filing of its 2022 Universal Registration Document and 2022 Annual .. GL 03/29 Inventiva S.A. Reports Earnings Results for the Full Year Ended December 31  2022 CI 03/29 Inventiva reports its 2022 full-year results GL 03/29 Inventiva reports its 2022 full-year results GL 03/29 American Depositary Receipts of European Equities Rise As Banking Sector Worries Ease MT 03/28 Receding Bank Jitters Give Modest Boost to American Depositary Receipts of European Equ.. MT 03/23 Inventiva announces the schedule of publication and presentation of its 2022 Full-Year .. GL 03/23 Inventiva : announces the schedule of publication and presentation of its 2022 Full-Year F.. PU 03/23 Inventiva : 2022 Full-Year Results PU 03/22 American Depositary Receipts of European Equities Advance Slightly Before US Rate Decis.. MT Analyst Recommendations on INVENTIVA 03/17 Stifel Initiates Inventiva at Buy With $27 Price Target MT 2022 HC Wainwright Adjusts Price Target on Inventiva to $36 From $42  Reiterates Buy Rating MT 2021 HC Wainwright Adjusts Inventiva's Price Target to $42 from $40  Keeps Buy Rating MT",neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,neutral,0.04,0.94,0.01,True,English,"['2022 full-year results', 'Inventiva', 'Chia Tai Tianqing Pharmaceutical Group', 'Hong Kong Special Administrative Region', 'Macau Special Administrative Region', 'leading Chinese pharmaceutical group', 'oral small molecule therapies', 'significant unmet medical needs', 'Frédéric Cren', 'Phase IIa combination trial', 'Investigational New Drug” application', 'Phase II clinical trial', 'Phase II clinical study', 'LEGEND Phase II study', 'French state-guaranteed loan facility', 'Phase III trial', 'multiple email addresses', 'European Investment Bank', 'Long Island City', 'potential milestone payments', 'French state stimulus', 'short term deposits', 'potential net sales', '€9 million gross proceeds', '€9.4 million gross proceeds', '8 million net proceeds', 'unsecured loan agreement', '€12.8 million¹ upfront payment', 'two other loans', 'clinical-stage biopharmaceutical company', 'first €25 million tranche', 'Key financial results', '€25.0 million tranche', 'credit facility', 'clinical front', 'French banks', 'clinical program', 'loan agreements', 'first tranche', 'new patent', 'New York', 'other diseases', 'financial position', 'new design', 'short-term deposits³', 'first visit', '2022 full-year results', 'Sino Biopharm', 'IP protection', 'U.S.', 'United States', 'Euronext Paris', 'non-alcoholic steatohepatitis', 'many ways', 'substantial progress', 'type 2 diabetes', 'marketing approval', 'total amount', 'key countries', 'Dr. Cusi', 'second quarter', 'last patient', 'second half', 'NATiV3 study', 'successful year', 'full year', 'year end', 'First name', 'collaboration agreement', 'Market"" program', 'cash equivalents', 'Greater China', 'Mainland China', 'first patients', 'Inventiva', 'commas', 'Message', 'fields', 'December', 'license', 'CTTQ', 'manufacture', 'lanifibranor', 'EIB', 'Screening', 'empagliflozin', 'NASH', 'T2D', 'January', 'changes', 'Daix', 'France', 'Nasdaq', 'development', 'treatment', 'Chairman', 'CEO', 'cofounder', 'clearance', 'FDA', 'partnership', 'Taiwan', 'taxes', 'November', 'royalties', 'completion', 'conditions²', 'July', 'syndicate', 'effort', 'Enrollment', 'investigator', 'September', 'publication', 'NAFLD', 'middle', 'Co.', 'LTD', 'subsidiary', 'connection', 'May', 'The-Market', 'June']",2023-03-29,2023-03-30,marketscreener.com
21710,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/INVENTIVA-34031212/news/Inventiva-reports-its-2022-full-year-results-43372978/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230329,Inventiva reports its 2022 full-year results,(marketscreener.com)    Cash and cash equivalents at €86.7 million and short term deposits at €1 million as of December 31  2022 compared to €86.6 million and €8.8 million  respectively as of December 31  2021 Inventiva entered into a license and collaborati…,"Cash and cash equivalents at €86.7 million and short term deposits at €1 million as of December 31  2022 compared to €86.6 million and €8.8 million  respectively as of December 31  2021Inventiva entered into a license and collaboration agreement with Sino Biopharm a leading Chinese pharmaceutical group  through CTTQ  to develop  manufacture and commercialize lanifibranor in Greater ChinaUnder this agreement with Sino Biopharm  Inventiva received a €12.8 million¹ upfront paymentInventiva received the first tranche of €25 million under its credit facility with the European Investment Bank (EIB)Screening of the first patients in LEGEND  a Phase IIa combination trial with lanifibranor and empagliflozin in patients with NASH and T2DSecured a new patent expanding the IP protection of lanifibranor in the U.S.In January 2023  Inventiva announced changes to NATiV3  a Phase III trial with lanifibranor in patients with NASH  that are expected to be beneficial to the clinical programDaix (France)  Long Island City (New York  United States)  March 29  2023 – Inventiva (Euronext Paris and Nasdaq: IVA) (the “Company”)  a clinical-stage biopharmaceutical company focused on the development of oral small molecule therapies for the treatment of patients with non-alcoholic steatohepatitis (“NASH”) and other diseases with significant unmet medical needs  today reported its full-year results for 2022.Frédéric Cren  Chairman  CEO and cofounder of Inventiva  stated: “2022 has been a successful year for Inventiva in many ways. On the clinical front  we achieved substantial progress in the development of lanifibranor starting with clearance by the FDA of our “Investigational New Drug” application for our Phase II clinical trial combining lanifibranor and empagliflozin in patients with NASH and type 2 diabetes. In China  we established a partnership with Sino Biopharm to develop and commercialize lanifibranor in Mainland China  Hong Kong Special Administrative Region  Macau Special Administrative Region and Taiwan. As part of this collaboration  we received an upfront payment of €12.8 million  including €1.3 million of withholding taxes for net proceeds of €11.5 million  in November 2022  and are eligible to receive up to $290 million in potential milestone payments and royalties on potential net sales of lanifibranor in China  subject to marketing approval in China.Over the year  we also strengthened our financial position through a loan agreement of up to €50 million with the European Investment Bank  subject to completion of certain conditions²   of which we drew the first €25 million tranche in December 2022. In July 2022  we raised nearly €15 million  including more than €9 million gross proceeds through our ""At-The-Market"" program and loan agreements with a syndicate of French banks for a total amount of €5.3 million.Looking forward  we are continuing our effort to implement the new design of NATiV3 which has been submitted in almost all countries involved in the study and has already been cleared in key countries including the United States. Enrollment in our investigator initiated study  led by Dr. Cusi  was completed in September and we expect the publication of this Phase II clinical study evaluating lanifibranor for the treatment of NAFLD in patients with T2D by the middle of the second quarter of 2023. Finally  both the results from our LEGEND Phase II study combining lanifibranor and empagliflozin in patients with NASH and T2D and the first visit of the last patient in our NATiV3 study  are expected in the second half of 2023.”Key financial results for the full year of 2022As of December 31  2022  the Company had €86.7 million of cash and cash equivalents and €1.0 million of short-term deposits³   compared to €86.6 million and €8.8 million  respectively  as of December 31  2021.Cash and cash equivalents at year end included the €12.8 million upfront payment (including €1.3 million of withholding taxes  amounting to net proceeds of €11.5 million) received on November 4  2022 from Chia Tai Tianqing Pharmaceutical Group  Co.  LTD (“CTTQ”)  a subsidiary of Sino Biopharm  in connection with the previously announced license and collaboration agreement dated September 21  2022.Cash and cash equivalents at year end also included the €25.0 million tranche of the previously announced unsecured loan agreement executed with the EIB on May 16  2022  which the Company received on December 8  2022  the €9.4 million gross proceeds (€8.8 million net proceeds) raised through the Company’s At-The-Market (“ATM”) Program on June 15  2022  and the proceeds of three previously announced loan agreements with a syndicate of French banks for a total amount of €5.3 million. One of the loans was contracted as part of a French state-guaranteed loan facility with Bpifrance  and the two other loans were obtained as part of a French state stimulus economic plan granted by Crédit Agricole Champagne-Bourgogne and Société Générale.Net cash used in operating activities amounted to (€44.9) million for the full year 2022  compared to (€47.6) million in 2021. Net cash used in operating expenses in 2022 was driven primarily by R&D expenses  partially offset by the upfront payment received from CTTQ.Net cash generated from (used in) investing activities amounted to €8.9 million for the full year 2022 compared to (€1.8) million net cash used for the same period in 2021. The variance is mainly due to the change in short term deposits between both periods.Net cash generated from financing activities amounted to €37.3 million for the full year 2022 compared to €25.4 million for 2021. Net cash generated from financing activities in 2022 has been driven by the proceeds of the first tranche of €25 million from the EIB loan  gross proceeds of €9.4 million from the sale of securities through the Company’s ATM program and proceeds of €5.3 million from three French state partially guaranteed loans  as described above.For the full year 2022  the Company recorded a negative exchange rate effect on cash and cash equivalents of (€1.0) million  due to the strengthening of USD versus Euro  compared to a positive effect of €4.8 million for 2021.Considering its current R&D and clinical development programs  the Company estimates that its existing cash  cash equivalents and short-term deposits should allow the Company to fund its operations until the end of the fourth quarter of 20234. This cash runway estimate does not include the conditional second tranche of €25.0 million of the EIB loan agreement2.The Company’s revenues for the full year 2022 amounted to €12.2 million  as compared to €4.2 million for 2021. The revenues recorded in 2022 were driven mostly by the Company’s license and collaboration agreement with CTTQ  executed on September 21  2022  and revenues recorded in 2021 primarily consisted of a €4.0 million milestone payment for a milestone that was recorded following the launch by AbbVie of the Phase IIb clinical trial with cedirogant. As previously disclosed  this trial of cedirogant has since been discontinued by AbbVie and the partnership with AbbVie has been terminated.Other income amounted to €6.6 million for the full year 2022  as compared to €4.3 million for 2021  increased 54% mainly driven by the French R&D tax credit based on the increasing eligible expenses and to a lesser extent by the U.S. R&D tax credit.R&D expenses for the fiscal year ended December 31  2022 amounted to (€60.5) million compared to (€48.5) million for the same period in 2021. This 24.8% increase was driven mostly by the costs associated with the NATiV3 Phase III clinical trial of lanifibranor in NASH  including a full twelve months of operation for the U.S. affiliate and  to a lesser extent  with the LEGEND Phase IIa combination trial with lanifibranor and empagliflozin in patients with NASH and type 2 diabetes (“T2D”).Marketing and business development expenses stood at (€2.6) million for the fiscal year ended December 31  2022 compared to (€0.4) million for the same period in 2021 mainly linked to the partnership with CTTQ and to a lesser extent to the increasing market access activities.General and administrative expenses (G&A) amounted to (€12.9) million for the fiscal year ended December 31  2022  increased +15.7% compared to (€11.2) million for the same period in 2021  mainly due to personnel costs linked to the non-cash share-based payment expenses  a full twelve months of operating for the U.S. affiliate and to a lesser extent an increase in compliance and consulting fees related to the dual listing of Inventiva securities and strategic projectsOther operating income (expenses) was €0 million for the fiscal year ended December 31  2022 compared to (€0.6) million for the same period in 2021.Net financial income stood at €2.8 million for the fiscal year ended December 31  2022 compared to €2.8 million for the same period in 2021. The net financial income for both years mainly includes (i) the losses from the change in fair value linked to derivatives (warrants linked to the finance contract with EIB in 2022 and forward currency contracts in 2021) and (ii) the foreign exchange gain generated by cash and cash equivalents denominated in U.S. dollars and the favorable exchange rate of euro against the U.S. dollar over the period.Income tax amounted to €0 million for the 2022 fiscal year  compared to (€0.4) million for 2021.The Company’s net loss for the full year 2022 was (€54.3)  compared to (€49.6) million for 2021.The following table presents Inventiva’s income statement  prepared in accordance with IFRS  for the 2022 financial year  with comparatives for the 2021 financial year.(in thousands of euros) Year ended December 31  2022 Year ended December 31  2021 Revenues 12 179 4 194 Other income 6 635 4 307 Research and development expenses (60 469) (48 452) Marketing – business development expenses (2 583) (364) General and administrative expenses (12 912) (11 155) Other operating income (expenses) 40 (644) Net operating loss (57 110) (52 114) Net financial income 2 816 2 842 Income tax 20 (364) Net loss for the period (54 274) (49 635) Basic/diluted loss per share (euros/share) (1.31) (1.27) Weighted average number of outstanding shares used for computing basic/diluted loss per share 41 449 732 39 168 152Main areas of progress in the R&D portfolioLanifibranor in non-alcoholic steatohepatitis (NASH)Changes to the Phase III NATiV3 trial evaluating lanifibranor in NASH — designed to align with the FDA’s public communication suggesting that an alternative approach to seek full approval in patients with NASH could be considered upon submission of positive results of a Phase III trial using a histology surrogate endpoint in patients with NASH and a Phase III clinical outcome trial in patients with NASH and compensated cirrhosis— that the Company believes will be beneficial to the overall lanifibranor clinical program by reducing the number of biopsies during the trial  reducing the trial duration from 7 years to 72 weeks or potentially expanding the addressable patient population to include patients with NASH and compensated cirrhosis – January 4  2023Approval of a new patent  protecting the use of lanifibranor for the treatment of cirrhotic patients at risk of progressing from compensated stage to decompensated stage  in the United States until November 2039 by the United States Patent and Trademark Office (“USPTO”) – November 28  2022Completion of the recruitment for the investigator-initiated Phase II trial of lanifibranor in patients with Non-Alcoholic Fatty Liver Disease (“NAFLD”) and with T2D  conducted by Dr. Cusi from the University of Florida – September 22  2022Screening in the United States of the first patient in Inventiva’s proof-of-concept LEGEND Phase IIa combination trial with lanifibranor and empagliflozin for the treatment of patients with NASH and T2D. All 36 sites in France  the United Kingdom  Belgium  the Netherlands  and the United States anticipated to participate in the trial have been qualified. Topline results are expected to be published in the second half of 2023 – July 7  2022Completion by the FDA of its safety review of Inventiva’s Investigational New Drug application (IND) for the LEGEND Phase II combination trial with lanifibranor and empagliflozin in patients with NASH and T2D – March 8  2022Odiparcil in mucopolysaccharidosis type VI (MPS VI)FDA feedback that odiparcil can be dosed in pediatric MPS VI patients and that the single Phase II/III trial design presented by the Company could potentially support a future odiparcil marketing application. Inventiva continues to review potential options to further development of odiparcil for the treatment of MPS VI  which may include pursuing a partnership – August  2022Collaboration with AbbVie on cedirogant in autoimmune diseasesDecision by AbbVie to stop the development of cedirogant following the analysis of a nonclinical toxicology study – October 31  2022Receipt of a €4 million milestone payment from AbbVie following the inclusion of the first patient in the now-terminated Phase IIb clinical trial with cedirogant in patients with moderate to severe psoriasis – January 31  2022Other significant milestonesReceipt of the €25 million payment under the first tranche of the unsecured loan agreement with the EIB on May 16  2022  with a maturity date of December 2026 – December 12  2022Appointment of Dr. Lucy Lu as Director on Inventiva’s Board of Directors in lieu of Sofinnova Partners  effective on November 9 th   2022  after Dr. Lu had been Sofinnova Partners’ representative on Inventiva’s Board of Directors since January 4 th   2020. – November 21  2022  2022  after Dr. Lu had been Sofinnova Partners’ representative on Inventiva’s Board of Directors since January 4   2020. – November 21  2022 Entry into a license and collaboration agreement with Sino Biopharm through their CTTQ subsidiary  Chia Tai Tianqing Pharmaceutical Group  to develop and commercialize lanifibranor for the treatment of NASH and other metabolic diseases in Greater China – September 21  2022Entry of Inventiva in the Euronext Tech Leaders segment  a new Euronext segment which includes more than 100 high-growth and leading tech companies across Europe – June 7  2022Entry into a credit facility agreement for up to €50 million  subject to conditions precedent2  with the European Investment Bank with the plan to use any potential borrowings under the facility towards Inventiva’s preclinical and clinical pipeline  including to help fund a portion of its Phase III clinical trial of lanifibranor in patients with NASH  subject to satisfaction of conditions precedent – May 16  2022Anticipated key milestones expectedAfter having finalized patient recruitment in September 2022  publication of the topline results of the investigator-initiated study with lanifibranor in patients with NAFLD and T2D – anticipated by the middle of the second quarter of 2023Publication of the topline results of the LEGEND Phase IIa combination trial of lanifibranor in combination with empagliflozin in patients with NASH and T2D – anticipated in the second half of 2023Last Patient First Visit of the NATiV3 Phase III clinical trial evaluating lanifibranor in NASH – anticipated in the second half of 2023Upcoming investor conference participationEvercore ISI NASH Renaissance – March 30 – VirtualKempen Life Sciences Conference – April 25-26 – AmsterdamJefferies Global Healthcare Conference – June 7-9 – New York CityUpcoming scientific conference participationDigestive Disease Week – May 6-9 – Chicago  ILConference callA conference call in English will be held tomorrow  Thursday  March 30  2023 at 8:00 am (New York time)/2:00 pm (Paris time) to discuss 2022 financial results and business updates.The conference call and the slides of the presentation will be webcast live at https://edge.media-server.com/mmc/p/jdzcm24d and also available on Inventiva’s onwards in the “Investors” – “Financial results” section.In order to receive the conference access information necessary to join the conference call  it is required to register in advance using the following link: https://register.vevent.com/register/BI64f8e310179a49e2a675a18f401f7241 .In the 10 minutes prior to the call start time  participants will need to use the conference access information provided in the e-mail received at the point of registering (dial-in number and access code).A replay of the conference call and the presentation will be available after the event at: https://inventivapharma.com/investors/financial-results-presentations/ .Next financial results publicationRevenues and cash  cash equivalents and short-term deposits for the first quarter of 2023: Monday  May 16  2023 (after U.S. market close)About InventivaInventiva is a clinical-stage biopharmaceutical company focused on the research and development of oral small molecule therapies for the treatment of patients with NASH  mucopolysaccharidoses (“MPS”) and other diseases with significant unmet medical need. The Company benefits from a strong expertise and experience in the domain of compounds targeting nuclear receptors  transcription factors and epigenetic modulation. Inventiva is currently advancing one clinical candidate  has a pipeline of two preclinical programs and continues to explore other development opportunities to add to its pipeline.Inventiva’s lead product candidate  lanifibranor  is currently in a pivotal Phase III clinical trial  NATiV3  for the treatment of adult patients with NASH  a common and progressive chronic liver disease for which there are currently no approved therapies.Inventiva’s pipeline also includes odiparcil  a drug candidate for the treatment of adult MPS VI patients. As part of Inventiva’s decision to focus clinical efforts on the development of lanifibranor  it suspended its clinical efforts relating to odiparcil and is reviewing available options with respect to its potential further development. Inventiva is also in the process of selecting an oncology development candidate for its Hippo signaling pathway program.The Company has a scientific team of approximately 90 people with deep expertise in the fields of biology  medicinal and computational chemistry  pharmacokinetics and pharmacology  and clinical development. It owns an extensive library of approximately 240 000 pharmacologically relevant molecules  approximately 60% of which are proprietary  as well as a wholly-owned research and development facility.Inventiva is a public company listed on compartment B of the regulated market of Euronext Paris (ticker: IVA  ISIN: FR0013233012) and on the Nasdaq Global Market in the United States (ticker: IVA). www.inventivapharma.comContactsInventivaPascaline ClercVP of Global External Affairsmedia@inventivapharma.com+1 240 620 9175 Brunswick GroupTristan Roquet MontegonAude LepreuxMatthieu BenoistMedia relationsinventiva@brunswickgroup.com+33 1 53 96 83 83 Westwicke  an ICR CompanyPatricia L. BankInvestor relationspatti.bank@westwicke.com+1 415 513 1284Important NoticeThis press release contains “forward-looking statements” within the meaning of the safe harbor provisions of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. All statements  other than statements of historical facts  included in this press release are forward-looking statements. These statements include  but are not limited to  statements regarding forecasts and estimates with respect to Inventiva’s pre-clinical programs and clinical trials  including design  duration  timing  recruitment costs  screening and enrolment for those trials  including the ongoing NATiV3 Phase III clinical trial with lanifibranor in NASH  the LEGEND Phase IIa combination trial with lanifibranor and empagliflozin in patients with NASH and type 2 diabetes  and the Phase II clinical study evaluating lanifibranor for the treatment of NAFLD in patients with T2D  the potential benefits of the modification of the Phase III NATiV3 trial evaluating lanifibranor in NASH  the potential development of and regulatory pathway for odiparcil including a potential partnership  clinical trial data releases and publications  the information  insights and impacts that may be gathered from clinical trials  the addressable patient population  the potential therapeutic benefits of Inventiva’s product candidates  including lanifibranor  potential regulatory submissions and approvals  Inventiva’s pipeline and preclinical and clinical development plans  future activities  expectations  plans  growth and prospects of Inventiva  the potential receipt of the second tranche under the EIB loan and any potential transaction or receipt of additional funds  and the sufficiency of Inventiva’s cash resources and cash runway and the ability of the Company to continue as a going concern. Certain of these statements  forecasts and estimates can be recognized by the use of words such as  without limitation  “believes”  “anticipates”  “expects”  “intends”  “plans”  “seeks”  “estimates”  “may”  “will”  “would”  “could”  “might”  “should”  “plans”  “designed”  “hopefully”  “target”  “aim”  and “continue” and similar expressions. Such statements are not historical facts but rather are statements of future expectations and other forward-looking statements that are based on management's beliefs. These statements reflect such views and assumptions prevailing as of the date of the statements and involve known and unknown risks and uncertainties that could cause future results  performance or future events to differ materially from those expressed or implied in such statements. Future events are difficult to predict and may depend upon factors that are beyond Inventiva's control. There can be no guarantees with respect to pipeline product candidates that the clinical trial results will be available on their anticipated timeline  that future clinical trials will be initiated as anticipated  that product candidates will receive the necessary regulatory approvals  or that any of the anticipated milestones by Inventiva or its partners will be reached on their expected timeline  or at all. Actual results may turn out to be materially different from the anticipated future results  performance or achievements expressed or implied by such statements  forecasts and estimates  due to a number of factors  including that Inventiva is a clinical-stage company with no approved products and no historical product revenues  Inventiva has incurred significant losses since inception  Inventiva has a limited operating history and has never generated any revenue from product sales  Inventiva will require additional capital to finance its operations  in the absence of which  Inventiva may be required to significantly curtail  delay or discontinue one or more of its research or development programs or be unable to expand its operations or otherwise capitalize on its business opportunities and may be unable to continue as a going concern  Inventiva's future success is dependent on the successful clinical development  regulatory approval and subsequent commercialization of current and any future product candidates  preclinical studies or earlier clinical trials are not necessarily predictive of future results and the results of Inventiva's clinical trials may not support Inventiva's product candidate claims  Inventiva’s expectations with respect to the changes to the clinical development plan for lanifibranor for the treatment of NASH may not be realized and may not support the approval of a New Drug Application  Inventiva may encounter substantial delays in its clinical trials or Inventiva may fail to demonstrate safety and efficacy to the satisfaction of applicable regulatory authorities  the ability of Inventiva to recruit and retain patients in clinical studies  enrolment and retention of patients in clinical trials is an expensive and time-consuming process and could be made more difficult or rendered impossible by multiple factors outside Inventiva's control  Inventiva's product candidates may cause adverse drug reactions or have other properties that could delay or prevent their regulatory approval  or limit their commercial potential  Inventiva faces substantial competition and Inventiva’s business  and preclinical studies and clinical development programs and timelines  its financial condition and results of operations could be materially and adversely affected by the current COVID-19 pandemic and geopolitical events  such as the conflict between Russia and Ukraine  related sanctions and related impacts and potential impacts on the initiation  enrolment and completion of Inventiva’s clinical trials on anticipated timelines  and macroeconomic conditions  including global inflation  uncertain financial markets and disruptions in banking systems. Given these risks and uncertainties  no representations are made as to the accuracy or fairness of such forward-looking statements  forecasts and estimates. Furthermore  forward-looking statements  forecasts and estimates only speak as of the date of this press release. Readers are cautioned not to place undue reliance on any of these forward-looking statements.Please refer to the Universal Registration Document for the year ended December 31  2021  filed with the Autorité des Marchés Financiers on March 11  2022  the Annual Report on Form 20-F for the year ended December 31  2021  filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on March 11  2022  and the financial report for the first half of 2022 filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on September 22  2022  for additional information in relation to such factors  risks and uncertainties  in addition to the Universal Registration Document for the year ended December 31  2022 expected to be filed with the Autorité des Marchés Financiers on March 30  2023 and the Annual Report on Form 20-F for the year ended December 31  2022 expected to be filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on March 30  2023.All information in this press release is as of the date of the release. Except as required by law  Inventiva has no intention and is under no obligation to update or review the forward-looking statements referred to above.¹ This amount includes €1.3 million of withholding taxes  amounting to net proceeds of €11.5 million.² The disbursement of the second tranche of €25 million is subject to  among other conditions  (i) the Company issuing warrants to EIB in accordance with the terms and conditions of the warrants agreements entered into July 1  2022  (ii) the full drawdown of the first tranche  (iii) the receipt by the Company from the date of the EIB credit facility of an aggregate amount of at least €70.0 million (inclusive of the €18.0 million that was a condition for the disbursement of the first tranche)  paid either in exchange for Company shares  or through upfront or milestone payments  (iv) an out-licensing  partnership or royalty transaction with an upfront payment of at least €10.0 million; and (v) operational criteria based on patient enrolment and number of sites activated in the Company’s NATiV3 Phase III clinical trial of lanifibranor in patients with NASH3 Short-term deposits are included in the category “other current assets” in the IFRS consolidated statement of financial position as of December 31  2022  but are considered by the Company as liquid and easily available.4This estimate is based on the Company’s current business plan and excludes any potential milestones payable to or by the Company and any additional expenditures related to the potential continued development of the odiparcil program or resulting from the potential in-licensing or acquisition of additional product candidates or technologies  or any associated development the Company may pursue. The Company may have based this estimate on assumptions that are incorrect and the Company may end up using its resources sooner than anticipated.Attachment",neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,positive,0.97,0.03,0.0,True,English,"['2022 full-year results', 'Inventiva', 'Société Générale', 'Chia Tai Tianqing Pharmaceutical Group', 'Hong Kong Special Administrative Region', 'French state stimulus economic plan', 'Macau Special Administrative Region', 'leading Chinese pharmaceutical group', 'oral small molecule therapies', 'significant unmet medical needs', 'Frédéric Cren', 'Crédit Agricole Champagne-Bourgogne', 'Phase IIa combination trial', 'Investigational New Drug” application', 'Phase II clinical trial', 'Phase II clinical study', 'French state-guaranteed loan facility', 'LEGEND Phase II study', 'Phase III trial', 'European Investment Bank', 'Long Island City', 'potential milestone payments', 'short term deposits', 'potential net sales', '€9 million gross proceeds', '€9.4 million gross proceeds', '€12.8 million¹ upfront payment', '8 million upfront payment', '8 million net proceeds', 'two other loans', 'first €25 million tranche', 'clinical-stage biopharmaceutical company', 'unsecured loan agreement', 'Key financial results', 'French banks', '€25.0 million tranche', 'credit facility', 'clinical front', 'clinical program', 'loan agreements', 'first tranche', 'new patent', 'New York', 'other diseases', 'financial position', 'new design', 'short-term deposits³', 'first visit', 'Sino Biopharm', 'IP protection', 'U.S.', 'United States', 'Euronext Paris', 'non-alcoholic steatohepatitis', 'full-year results', 'many ways', 'substantial progress', 'type 2 diabetes', 'marketing approval', 'total amount', 'key countries', 'Dr. Cusi', 'second quarter', 'last patient', 'second half', 'operating activities', 'Net cash', 'NATiV3 study', 'successful year', 'full year', 'year end', 'Market"" program', 'cash equivalents', 'Greater China', 'Mainland China', 'first patients', 'collaboration agreement', 'December', 'Inventiva', 'license', 'CTTQ', 'manufacture', 'lanifibranor', 'EIB', 'Screening', 'empagliflozin', 'NASH', 'T2D', 'January', 'changes', 'Daix', 'France', 'Nasdaq', 'development', 'treatment', 'Chairman', 'CEO', 'cofounder', 'clearance', 'FDA', 'partnership', 'Taiwan', 'taxes', 'November', 'royalties', 'completion', 'conditions²', 'July', 'syndicate', 'effort', 'Enrollment', 'investigator', 'September', 'publication', 'NAFLD', 'middle', 'Co.', 'LTD', 'subsidiary', 'connection', 'May', 'The-Market', 'June', '6) mill', '2022']",2023-03-29,2023-03-30,marketscreener.com
21711,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/AIRTHINGS-ASA-114463392/news/Airthings-ASA-Annual-Report-2022-43372661/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230329,Airthings ASA: Annual Report 2022,(marketscreener.com)   Airthings - Annual Report 2022   Annual Report 2022   a signiﬁcant step in helping Airthings for Business user reduce the energy consumption of buildings   Energy Efﬁciency   for global enterprise customer   USD 4.6...h…,Airthings - Annual Report 2022Annual Report 2022a signiﬁcant step in helping Airthings for Business user reduce the energy consumption of buildingsEnergy Efﬁciencyfor global enterprise customerUSD 4.6 million 3Signed AfB contract worthToolkitUSD 3.6 millionGrowing awareness aroundIndoor Air Quality (IAQ)including White House summit in October 2022Released new Consumer appan enhanced vehicle for adding continuous value adding services to our consumer product portfolioAirthings - Annual Report 2022The year in briefAirthings ASA reported a 5% growth in revenue in 2022 with the total revenue coming in atUSD 35.4 million. Growth was solid across the Airthings for Business segment  with a slight decrease in the Consumer and Pro segments. End-user demand has held up well throughout the year  although the decline reflects channel partners in the consumer segment reducing inventories.Annual Recurring Revenue (ARR) came in at USD 3.6 million at the end of 2022  representing a growth of 26% from 2021. The growth primarily reflects the strong progress in the Airthings for Business segment - a segment that made a step change from USD 6.9 million in revenues in 2021 to USD 10.3 million in 2022.Gross profit margin was 59% for the full year  which was a decline from 2021 mainly due to changes in the product and channel mix in the Consumer segment and higher component prices. This was partly offset by a higher share of recurring revenue from the Software-as-a-Service offering in Airthings for Business. Recurring revenues in this area generate gross profits of over 80%.Despite the uncertain market outlook  Airthings can look back at several significant highlights throughout 2022: the releases of View Radon and Pollution for consumers  launching Space CO2 Mini for Airthings for Business  moving to the main list on the Oslo Stock Exchange  launching Airthings in the Australian market  and receiving a Gold rating from EcoVadis. We see significant growth potential for 2023 after building up product stock and look forward to delivering a strong market momentum going forward.Quarterly highlights1QAirthings added 2 new devices to the View Series at the CES conference  complementing the line with View Radon and View Pollution. The company also received a Silver Sustainability Rating from EcoVadis  putting the company in the top 25% of companies scored.2QAirthings ASA became a publicly listed company on the main list of the Oslo Stock Exchange  moving over from the Euronext Growth trading platform it had been on since October 2020. Both View Radon and View Pollution began shipping to customers  accelerating market traction and marketing activities.3QAirthings launched for consumers in the Australian market  further cementing its position as a leader in the global air quality market.Airthings also became the first company to introduce a free 5-year extended warranty for all their indoor air quality monitors for consumers.4QThe fourth quarter included the successful launch of the newest monitor from Airthings for Business  Space CO2 Mini  with an impressive 10+ years of battery life. Airthings teamed up with ventilation company Lindab in Norway to develop a solution to optimize buildings. Lastly  EcoVadis upgraded the sustainability rating they gave Airthings to a Gold Medal  moving Airthings into the top 5% of companies scored globally.Airthings - Annual Report 2022This is Airthings ASAAirthings is a leading global technology company of award-winning radon and indoor air quality solutions for homeowners  businesses  and professionals. Founded in 2008  Airthings is on a mission to ensure that people and businesses around the world recognize the importance and impact of indoor air quality and take control of both health aspects and energy consumption through simple  affordable  and accurate technology solutions.Airthings' products have made radon detection and indoor air quality monitoring easy to deploy  accurate  and user-friendly. Our technology has received several accolades including the TIME's Best Inventions award and CES Innovation Award Honors. Frost & Sullivan positions Airthings as an industry leader in the global indoor air quality market in their 2021 Global Indoor Air Quality Systems report and EcoVadis awarded Airthings a Gold Medal in their Sustainability Rating. Headquartered in the heart of Oslo  Norway  and with offices in the US and Sweden  the company is growing from a current base of over 140 employees from more than 35 nationalities.Our storyEvery idea starts with a problem  and radon testing for homeowners had not improved in almost 30 years. Concerned consumers only had two options - to call a professional to test their radon levels  or to purchase a single-use charcoal test which was then sent to a lab for analysis. Several particle physicists workingtogether at CERN (European Organization for Nuclear Research) saw an opportunity to improve the radon market and help consumers and businesses take control of their indoor air quality. This was the foundation for the establishment of Airthings in 2008.We have since branched out from a pure radon focus  into monitoring and controlling a wide range of air quality issues for homes  businesses  and professionals. On top of this  our products also enable significant energy savings in buildings and contribute to reduced emissions and a lighter environmental footprint.International expansion & recognitionAirthings have taken a global distribution approach  combining a strong presence in leading online stores with availability in nearly 3 000 CVS stores and 1 300 Home Depot stores in the US  and a wide range of regional and national retail chains in several other countries. Airthings also has strong relations with leading B2B partners andstrengthened its position in the business market with the collaboration with Lindab in Norway  a leader in the ventilation market  to develop a solution to optimize buildings.Our technologySince the start in 2008  Airthings has introduced a steady stream of innovative solutions for consumers  businesses  and professionals to tackle indoor air issues such as radon  particle pollution (particulate matter  PM 2.5)  carbon dioxide (CO2)  mold risk  airborne chemicals (VOCs) and virus risk. Airthings for Business Indoor Air Quality (IAQ) monitors can be used to satisfy air requirements for the WELL Building Standard  and the products are RESET accredited  demonstrating our high standards in the IAQ market.The heart of our system is in the cloud where we turn data into advanced analytics.Airthings is gathering tremendous amounts of anonymized data from sensors in homes and buildings around the world  which are being used to add real insights for our customers.From industrial design and radio protocol to app creation  software  and firmware  our technology and solutions are developed in-house. Most of our products are smart products with corresponding apps  online dashboards  advanced cloud analytics  and APIs. Airthings now offers digital radon detectors as well as smart indoor air quality monitors and solutions for professionals  homes  schools  offices  and other commercial buildings  and is continuously adding new features. This is earning us our reputation for true leadership in the industry.,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,mixed,0.58,0.17,0.25,True,English,"['Airthings ASA', 'Annual Report', '2021 Global Indoor Air Quality Systems report', 'global indoor air quality market', 'free 5-year extended warranty', 'indoor air quality monitors', 'indoor air quality monitoring', 'indoor air quality solutions', 'global air quality market', 'CES Innovation Award Honors', 'Euronext Growth trading platform', 'leading global technology company', 'global enterprise customer', 'Best Inventions award', 'accurate technology solutions', 'White House summit', 'continuous value adding', 'single-use charcoal test', 'uncertain market outlook', 'Several particle physicists', 'signiﬁcant step', 'Gross profit margin', 'higher component prices', 'strong market momentum', 'Energy Efﬁciency', 'several significant highlights', 'Oslo Stock Exchange', 'impressive 10+ years', 'significant growth potential', 'new Consumer app', 'Silver Sustainability Rating', 'consumer product portfolio', 'Space CO2 Mini', 'Annual Recurring Revenue', 'Annual Report', 'CES conference', 'Australian market', 'market traction', 'radon market', 'product stock', 'several accolades', 'strong progress', 'step change', 'higher share', 'gross profits', 'Quarterly highlights', '2 new devices', 'energy consumption', 'Gold rating', 'AfB contract', 'Growing awareness', 'enhanced vehicle', 'total revenue', 'slight decrease', 'Pro segments', 'End-user demand', 'channel partners', 'consumer segment', 'channel mix', 'Service offering', 'View Radon', 'main list', 'View Series', 'marketing activities', 'fourth quarter', 'successful launch', 'newest monitor', 'battery life', 'Gold Medal', 'award-winning radon', 'health aspects', 'radon detection', 'Frost & Sullivan', 'current base', 'radon testing', 'two options', 'radon levels', 'European Organization', 'Nuclear Research', 'Recurring revenues', 'first company', 'ventilation company', 'View Pollution', 'Business user', 'industry leader', 'full year', 'Business segment', 'Concerned consumers', 'Airthings ASA', ""Airthings' products"", '30 years', '5% growth', 'buildings', 'Toolkit', 'IAQ', 'October', 'services', 'brief', 'decline', 'inventories', 'USD', 'changes', 'Software', 'area', 'releases', 'EcoVadis', '1Q', 'companies', '2Q', 'shipping', 'customers', '3Q', 'position', '4Q', 'Lindab', 'Norway', 'homeowners', 'businesses', 'professionals', 'mission', 'people', 'world', 'importance', 'impact', 'control', 'TIME', 'heart', 'offices', 'Sweden', '140 employees', '35 nationalities', 'story', 'idea', 'problem', 'lab', 'analysis', 'opportunity', 'foundation', '2022']",2023-03-29,2023-03-30,marketscreener.com
21712,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/SECO-S-P-A-122374812/news/Seco-S-p-A-Remuneration-policy-report-2022-43370810/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230329,Seco S p A : Remuneration policy report 2022,(marketscreener.com) implementing Directive 2017/828 of the European Parliament and of the Council of May 17  2017   amending Directive 2007/36/EU on the exercise of certain rights of shareholders in listed companies with regard to the encouragement of long-t…,"REMUNERATION POLICY AND REPORTPrepared pursuant to Article 123-ter of Legislative Decree No. 58/1998and Article 84-quater of Consob Regulation No. 11971/1999SECO S.p.A.www.seco.com/itApproved by the Board of Directors on March 21  2023INTRODUCTIONThis Remuneration Policy and Report (the ""Remuneration Report"" or the ""Report"") has been prepared pursuant to Article 123-ter of Legislative Decree No. 58 of February 24 1998 (the ""CFA"")  as most recently amended by Legislative Decree No. 49 of May 10  2019 (""Legislative Decree No. 49/2019"") - implementing Directive (EU) 2017/828 of the European Parliament and of the Council of May 17  2017 (so-called Shareholders' Right Directive II)  amending Directive 2007/36/EU on the exercise of certain rights of shareholders in listed companies with regard to the encouragement of long-term commitment of shareholders (hereinafter  the consolidated text of Directive 2007/36/EU  the ""Directive"" or ""SHRD"") - and Article 84-quater of the Consob Regulation adopted by Resolution No. 11971 of May 14  1999 (""Issuers' Regulation"") and has been prepared in accordance with Annex 3A  Schedule 7-bis and Schedule 7-ter of the Issuers' Regulation  as last amended. The Remuneration Report is organized into the following sections:- Section I  in compliance with Articles 123-ter of the CFA and 9-bis of the Directive  illustrates the policy of SECO S.p.A. (""SECO""  the ""Company"" or also the ""Issuer"") approved by the Board of Directors on March 21  2023  on the proposal of the Appointments and Remuneration Committee regarding the remuneration of the members of the Board of Directors and Other Senior Executives (as defined below) and  subject to the provisions of Article 2402 of the Civil Code  of the members of the Board of Statutory Auditors of the Company (the ""Remuneration Policy"" or the ""Policy"")  as well as the procedures used for the adoption  review and implementation of said Policy  including the measures aimed at avoiding or managing any conflicts of interest;- Section II  by individual for the remuneration attributed to Directors and Statutory Auditors and in aggregate form for the remuneration attributed to Other Senior Executives of SECO1: • provides an adequate  clear and understandable representation of each of the items comprising remuneration  including treatment provided in the event of termination of office or termination of employment  highlighting their compliance with the relevant Remuneration Policy and the ways in which remuneration contributes to the long-term results of the Company; • describes analytically the compensation paid by the Company  its subsidiaries or associated companies for any reason and in any form during the year  indicating any components of the aforementioned compensation that refer to work carried out in financial years prior to the year of reference. It also highlights the compensation to be paid in one or more subsequent years for work carried out in the year of reference  indicating where necessary1 We underline that  in compliance with Annex 3A  Schedule 7-bis of the Issuers' Regulation  SECO  since it qualifies as a ""small"" company pursuant to Article 3  paragraph 1  letter f) of the Related Parties Regulation (as defined below) provides: (i) information on the remuneration received by the other Senior Executives (other than the General Manager  if any)  in aggregate form; and (ii) any information on the agreements providing for indemnities in case of early termination of the relationship only with reference to the Executive Directors and the Chairperson of the Board of Directors.an estimated value for components that cannot be objectively quantified in the year of reference.Moreover  Section II indicates - according to the criteria set out in Annex 3A  Schedule 7-ter of the Issuers' Regulation - the equity investments held in the Issuer and its subsidiaries by the members of the management and control boards and by Other Senior Executives  as well as by spouses who are not legally separated and minor children  directly or through subsidiaries  trust companies or nominees  pursuant to Article 84-quater of the Issuers' Regulation.SECTION I - REMUNERATION POLICYThe Remuneration Policy adopted by the Company and illustrated in this Section of the Report defines the principles and guidelines to which SECO adheres when determining the remuneration practices for Directors  Other Senior Executives (as defined below) and subject to the provisions of Article 2402 of the Civil Code  members of the Board of Statutory Auditors  as well as monitoring its application.The Remuneration Policy was approved by the Board of Directors of the Company on March 21  2023  on the proposal of the Appointments and Remuneration Committee (the ""Committee""). In this regard  it should be noted that the Company's ordinary shares were admitted to trading on Euronext STAR Milan as of May 5  2021 (""Trading Commencement Date""). The Company's Remuneration Policy  described in this section of the Remuneration Report  is prepared by SECO in compliance with the regulations applicable to companies with financial instruments listed on a regulated market and with the involvement of the Committee.The Remuneration Policy has also been drafted in light of the recommendations set out in the Corporate Governance Code promoted by the Corporate Governance Committee  2020 edition and in force at the Reporting Date  (the ""Corporate Governance Code"" or ""CG Code"") and also takes into account the provisions of Article 2.2.3 of the Regulations of the markets organized and managed by Borsa Italiana S.p.A. (the ""Stock Exchange Regulation"") and the related Instructions for issuers with STAR qualification.As provided for in Consob Regulation No. 17221 of March 12  2010 regarding related party transactions as subsequently amended (the ""Related Parties Regulation"")  as implemented in the internal procedure adopted by the Company (the ""RPT Procedure"")  available on the websitewww.seco.com/enin the Corporate Governance/Documents and Procedures/Procedures section  the Company is exempt from applying the RPT Procedure in the motions of the Board of Directors regarding the remuneration of Directors and Other Senior Executives when:i. the Company has adopted a Remuneration Policy that has been approved by the Shareholders' Meeting;ii. in the drawing up of the Remuneration Policy a committee exclusively made up of Non-Executive Directors  the majority of whom independent  was involved;iii. the remuneration awarded is set in accordance with this Policy and quantified according to criteria that do not involve discretionary assessments.Pursuant to Article 13  paragraph 1  of the Related Parties Regulation  the RPT Procedure does not apply to Shareholders' Meeting motions pursuant to Article 2389  paragraph 1  of the Civil Code concerning the remuneration of the Board of Directors of the Executive Committee  nor to motions concerning the remuneration of Directors holding specific offices  within the overall amounts previously determined by the Shareholders' Meeting in accordance with Article 2389  paragraph 3  second paragraph  of the Civil Code.""Other Senior Executives"" are those with the authority and responsibility  directly or indirectly  for planning  directing and controlling the Company's activities  pursuant to Article 65  paragraph 1-quater  of the Issuers' Regulation  which refers to the Annex of the Related Parties Regulation. It should be noted that these individuals correspond to top management within the meaning of the Corporate Governance Code.At the Reporting Date (i) within the Issuer's corporate organizational chart  there are 4 Other Senior Executives (in addition to Directors and Statutory Auditors); (ii) the Company did not appoint General Managers.",neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,neutral,0.01,0.99,0.01,True,English,"['Remuneration policy report', 'Seco S', 'SECO S.p.A.', 'Other Senior Executives', 'Euronext STAR Milan', 'Trading Commencement Date', 'Related Parties Regulation', 'relevant Remuneration Policy', 'The Remuneration Policy', ""Shareholders' Right Directive"", 'The Remuneration Report', 'Consob Regulation', ""Issuers' Regulation"", 'Legislative Decree', 'European Parliament', 'listed companies', 'long-term commitment', 'consolidated text', 'Resolution No.', 'following sections', 'Civil Code', 'Statutory Auditors', 'adequate, clear', 'understandable representation', 'long-term results', 'associated companies', 'financial years', 'subsequent years', 'General Manager', 'estimated value', 'equity investments', 'control boards', 'minor children', 'trust companies', 'ordinary shares', 'remuneration practices', 'Directive 2007/36/EU', 'aggregate form', 'Remuneration Committee', 'Section II', 'early termination', 'Executive Directors', 'small"" company', 'Article', 'March', 'INTRODUCTION', 'February', 'CFA', 'May', 'Council', 'exercise', 'rights', 'regard', 'SHRD', 'accordance', 'Annex', 'Schedule', 'compliance', 'bis', 'proposal', 'Appointments', 'members', 'provisions', 'procedures', 'adoption', 'review', 'implementation', 'measures', 'conflicts', 'interest', 'individual', 'items', 'treatment', 'event', 'office', 'employment', 'ways', 'compensation', 'subsidiaries', 'reason', 'components', 'work', 'reference', 'paragraph', 'letter', 'information', 'agreements', 'indemnities', 'case', 'relationship', 'Chairperson', 'criteria', 'management', 'spouses', 'nominees', 'principles', 'guidelines', 'application', 'regulations']",2023-03-29,2023-03-30,marketscreener.com
21713,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.irishtimes.com/business/2023/03/29/icg-chief-paid-29m-as-ferry-group-defends-chairs-19-year-tenure/,ICG chief paid €2.9m as ferry group defends chair’s 19-year tenure,Some 23% of shareholders voted last year against the re-election of chairman John B McGuckian  who has been on the board for 35 years,Irish Continental Group (ICG) chief executive Eamonn Rothwell’s pay package jumped almost 250 per cent to €2.9 million last year as the parent of Irish Ferries returned to profit after the pandemic and expanded its fledgling Dover-Calais route in the wake of Brexit.Mr Rothwell also collected €4.28 million of dividends on his 17.7 per cent stake last year as the company handed out €24.2 million of such payments to shareholders  including an interim dividend for 2022.ICG’s annual report  published on Wednesday  showed Mr Rothwell received a 20 per cent rise in basic pay last year – to €700 000 – and secured a €1.38 million bonus by way of restricted shares  which have a five-year disposal restriction. Share options awarded under a performance share plan were valued at €814 000  while other benefits amounted to €35 000.What the most recent tech cuts and bank runs could mean for Ireland Listen | 31:46The company earlier this month reported an operating profit of €66.7 million for 2022  a year in which revenues soared almost 75 per cent compared to pandemic-stricken 2021. It had made losses at both operating and net earnings level in 2020 and 2021. Revenues increased by €250.4 million to €584.9 million last year.READ MOREAs well as benefiting from the easing of travel restrictions  ICG expanded its Dover-Calais service in 2022 with the introduction of its Isle of Inisheer ferry  its third vessel on the route  which it said had made Irish Ferries “a genuine alternative” for all customers on the Channel route. These two factors more than outweighed the drag on costs posed by higher fuel prices and increased activity.ICG used the annual report to defend chairman John B McGuckian (83) continuing in his role  even though he has held the position for 19 years. The UK Corporate Governance Code  recognised by Euronext Dublin as a standard for good governance  says that non-executive directors should serve no longer than nine years. Mr McGuckian has been on the ICG board for 35 years.“The board assessed Mr McGuckian to possess an independent mindset with which he carries out his role. The board also considered the knowledge  skills and experience that he contributes and considered him to be both independent in character and judgment and to be of continued significant benefit to the board ” it said.“While conscious of the recommendations of the UK Code  the board – through the nomination committee – considered it in the best interests of the company and its stakeholders for the chair to continue for 2023. Mr McGuckian’s extensive knowledge of the business ensures appropriate challenge and leadership of the board during this time of strategic expansion of activities.”[ Irish Ferries owner ICG puts pandemic behind it with €67m profit ]Some 23 per cent of shareholders polled at the company’s annual general meeting last year voted against Mr McGuckian’s re-election as chairman – above the 20 per cent threshold that requires it to engage with shareholders under the code.“The general consensus was that  notwithstanding Mr McGuckian’s tenure  that shareholders were supportive of Mr McGuckian continuing as a director and chairman of the board in the circumstances where the group faced significant challenges relating to Covid-19 and was undertaking major strategic initiatives ” ICG said.“The [nomination] committee was aware that a minority of shareholders had expressed a dissatisfaction with the board’s progress on achieving greater gender diversity on the board and voted against the re-election of Mr McGuckian in his role as chair of the nominations committee.”ICG appointed Éimear Moloney  a former investment manager with Zurich Life  to its board last August  doubling the percentage of women on the board to 33 per cent.,neutral,0.04,0.94,0.02,mixed,0.27,0.21,0.52,True,English,"['ICG chief', 'ferry group', '19-year tenure', 'chair', 'The UK Corporate Governance Code', 'chairman John B McGuckian', 'five-year disposal restriction', 'recent tech cuts', 'net earnings level', 'higher fuel prices', 'greater gender diversity', 'former investment manager', 'performance share plan', 'major strategic initiatives', '17.7 per cent stake', '20 per cent rise', '20 per cent threshold', 'Irish Ferries owner', 'annual general meeting', 'Irish Continental Group', 'fledgling Dover-Calais route', 'UK Code', 'good governance', '23 per cent', '33 per cent', 'Share options', 'Dover-Calais service', 'strategic expansion', 'general consensus', 'annual report', 'Mr McGuckian', 'chief executive', 'Eamonn Rothwell', 'pay package', 'Mr Rothwell', 'interim dividend', 'basic pay', '€1.38 million bonus', 'restricted shares', 'other benefits', 'bank runs', 'travel restrictions', 'Inisheer ferry', 'third vessel', 'genuine alternative', 'Channel route', 'two factors', 'Euronext Dublin', 'non-executive directors', 'independent mindset', 'significant benefit', 'nomination committee', 'best interests', 'appropriate challenge', 'significant challenges', 'nominations committee', 'Éimear Moloney', 'Zurich Life', '€67m profit', 'extensive knowledge', 'nine years', 'operating profit', 'ICG board', '19 years', '35 years', 'parent', 'pandemic', 'wake', 'Brexit', 'dividends', 'company', 'payments', 'shareholders', 'Wednesday', 'way', 'Ireland', 'revenues', 'losses', 'READ', 'easing', 'introduction', 'Isle', 'customers', 'drag', 'costs', 'activity', 'role', 'position', 'standard', 'skills', 'experience', 'character', 'judgment', 'recommendations', 'stakeholders', 'business', 'leadership', 'time', 'activities', 'election', 'tenure', 'circumstances', 'Covid', 'minority', 'dissatisfaction', 'progress', 'percentage', 'women', '2022']",2023-03-29,2023-03-30,irishtimes.com
21714,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/FARMAE-S-P-A-63216147/news/Farmae-S-p-A-THE-BOARD-OF-DIRECTORS-APPROVES-THE-2023-2025-BUSINESS-PLAN-THE-DRAFT-FINANCIAL-STAT-43369893/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230329,Farmae S p A : THE BOARD OF DIRECTORS APPROVES THE 2023-2025 BUSINESS PLAN  THE DRAFT FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AS OF 31 DECEMBER 2022,(marketscreener.com)   Press Release   THE BOARD OF DIRECTORS APPROVES THE 2023-2025 BUSINESS PLAN  THE   DRAFT FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL   STATEMENTS AS OF 31 DECEMBER 2022   ROADMAP TO 2025   Significant accelerati…,"Farmae S p A : THE BOARD OF DIRECTORS APPROVES THE 2023-2025 BUSINESS PLAN  THE DRAFT FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AS OF 31 DECEMBER 2022 03/29/2023 | 09:36am EDT Send by mail :Name : First name : From * : To * : (You can enter multiple email addresses separated by commas) Message : * Required fields Press Release THE BOARD OF DIRECTORS APPROVES THE 2023-2025 BUSINESS PLAN  THE DRAFT FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AS OF 31 DECEMBER 2022 ROADMAP TO 2025 Significant acceleration of organic growth and margins thanks to the Talea Group's new strategy  introduced to the market on 14 February 2023  aimed at developing new revenue opportunities in the Industrial area  dedicated to business services through Talea Media and Valnan  and at consolidating the leadership in the Consumer area  thanks to the commercial brands Farmaè  Amicafarmacia  Farmaeurope  Beautyè and Sanort TARGETS TO 2025 • Turnover: between Euro 220 and 230 million• EBITDA between Euro 13 and 14 million• Long-term sustainable EBITDA margin of around 6%• Net Financial Debt: Euro 11-10 million 2022 CONSOLIDATED RESULTS • Consolidated ADJ REVENUES1  including co-marketing activities  of Euro 120 9 million  up of 40.8% from Euro 85.9 million in 2021;• Consolidated adj EBITDA of Euro 2.5 million compared to Euro 2.7 million in 2021;• Consolidated Net Result negative for Euro 0.8 million compared to negative Euro 0.1 million in 2021;• Consolidated Net Financial Debt of Euro 21.3 million compared to Euro 14.1 million as of 31 December 2021 and Euro 19.7 million as of 30 June 2022. STOCK OPTION PLAN 2023-2028 APPROVED Viareggio  28 March 2023 - The Board of Directors of Farmaè S.p.A. - Farmaè S.p.A. - a company listed on the Euronext Growth Milan market of Borsa Italiana  a leading integrated platform in Italy in the healthcare  beauty and wellness sectors (""Farmaè"" or the ""Company"") - under the chairmanship of Riccardo Iacometti  1 Following the new Group strategy that envisages two revenue-generating areas  Consumer and Industrial  Adj Revenues include revenues from co-marketing activities  which  for IAS/IFRS reporting purposes  are accounted for partly as a reduction of Cost of Sales and partly as a reduction of Selling & Distribution Costs. approved the 2023-2025 Business Plan  the draft statutory financial statements and the consolidated financial statements as at 31 December 2022  prepared in accordance with International Accounting Standards (""IAS/IFRS""). Riccardo Iacometti  Founder and Managing Director of Farmaè  commented as follows: ""On 14 February we presented the rebranding of the Group into Talea Group - Digital People Oriented and our strategy for the next years: a major growth and development project  which has the goal of enhancing our strengths  which we have cultivated and helped to grow by looking at our stakeholders  just like a cutting that becomes a strong and healthy plant. Today we add further substance to this plan  presenting  in a challenging and non-linear market context  our economic-financial targets for 2025  the result of those industrial KPIs already anticipated a month ago. These objectives start from the solid results achieved in 2022 which  despite the inflationary scenario and the recessionary economic scenario  showed significant growth in terms of industrial KPIs and revenues  with the maintenance of a positive margin  albeit slightly down due to the commercial choice to only partially pass on the increase in costs to final consumers for the benefit of developing market share. In the awareness that an healthy growth is such only if accompanied by adequate profitability  we are convinced that it is increasingly necessary to broaden the product categories treated by the consumers area ever closer to the concept and philosophy of personal well-being ""Talea well-being"" and the development of a business area  such as the Industrial one  through the Talea Media project and the consolidation of the positioning of Valnan on the market. The development of the Industrial area is being appreciated by the Industries of the sector and we believe that in the long-term it could be one of the main drivers of our growth in terms of profitability. I also underline the positive trend of these first months of the year  which makes us confident about the possibility of achieving continuously improving results and in line with the plan objectives presented today."" *** ROADMAP TO 2025 On 14 February 2023  the Group presented the rebranding project from Farmaè Group to Talea Group  the evolution of the growth strategy  as well as the main industrial KPIs to 2025 (see press release here). The growth strategy is driven by the principle of sustainable development to guarantee a balance between economic development  environmental impact and social wellbeing; it envisages: • consolidating market leadership in the e-retailing of health  wellness and beauty products (the Group's core business) with the Farmaè  AmicaFarmacia  Farmaeurope  Sanort and Beautyè brands;• seizing new revenue opportunities in business services with the creation of Talea Media  the Group's new brand for managing an ecosystem of digital opportunities for companies;• pursuing growth by acquiring new companies in cross-border markets  with the aim of expanding the product offering;• starting the internationalisation process with the development of the multi-store approach in the main European countries (Germany  France  Spain  England) and through strategic industrial partnerships. The key pillars of the growth strategy Underlying the Group's growth strategy is the desire to support the evolution of companies in the current digital scenario  not only by offering proprietary platforms for the sale of products  but also through strategic advisory services for the digital evolution of business models. The Group's strategy rests on three key pillars: • needs  thanks to the ability to intercept the expressed and unexpressed demands of the relevant communities  therefore no longer just of the consumer or customer  but of the individual and of companies  identifying the most suitable markets to satisfy the different needs  offering evolved engagement experiences through a universe of reliable  simple  secure digital solutions; • digital evolution  through the ability to evolve companies' business models thanks to digital culture  making them more competitive in their relevant markets and closer to the needs of people and companies  building new services  channels and positioning capable of exploiting all the skills and capacities to generate performance  even in cross-cutting markets  based on digital know-how;• data economy  with the ability to generate growth in the Group's relevant markets through a business analytics approach that analyses the data of millions of active customers who interact daily on the Group's platforms. It is thanks to the exploitation of data that the Group is also able to offer direct services to businesses. Talea Media is born Talea Media is the Group's new brand  designed and created to manage an ecosystem of digital opportunities for businesses. It offers services on the Group's digital platforms (eCommerce) ranging from strategic consulting - to understand the actual needs of end consumers and devise customised engagement solutions - to Data Analysis  supporting companies in analysing their positioning and drafting new models  up to the construction of new digital languages  both visual and content-related  and the development of digital marketing strategies aimed at engaging and acquiring leads and customers through proprietary digital channels and the use of Media. The evolution of the supply chain Talea Logistics is the Group's new logistics core that is entrusted with the efficient and fast delivery of products sold on proprietary digital platforms. To optimise services and offer consumers a fast and streamlined shopping experience  new logistics hubs are planned. In particular  a new 12 000 square metre automated logistics hub in Piedmont will be opened by 2023  in addition to the current 5 000 square metre logistics hub in Tuscany. In addition  new investments in technology are being considered for greater automation of processes and operations in the logistics hubs and thus greater cost efficiency. The Group also intends to capitalise on its logistics know-how and the investments made over the years by offering its logistics services to all those small/medium-sized Italian companies approaching online business. The Group's entire logistics-supply chain strategy will be marked by sustainability  with the aim of implementing solutions that are not only economically efficient  but that can make a concrete contribution to the well-being of people and the environment. Talea Group structure and industry targets to 2025 The Talea Group's business model is based on two main areas of activity: • the Consumers Area  namely the current e-retailing business of Farmaè  AmicaFarmacia  Farmaeurope  Sanort and Beautyè;• the Industrial Area  dedicated to media services and digital transformation with Valnan and Talea Media. The model develops from the need to resolve a state of necessity by the integrated commercial platforms (consumers area: online+retail) of the Group's current brands (Farmaè  Amicafarmacia  Farmaeurope  Sanort and Beautyè) thanks to their service vocation (product  delivery and advice). Thanks to the work of the proprietary digital platforms  a highly profiled audience is generated capable of generating value for those industries in the sector (and not) that intend to invest in Talea Media. The model in its circularity (circular economy) is enhanced by the profitability of the data economy. Main consolidated targets to 2025 • Revenues Adj: Euro 220-230 million (CAGR 2022-2025 equal to 23%)• EBITDA Adj: Euro 13-14 million (CAGR 2022-2025 equal to 71%) • EBITDA Adj margin about 6%• Net Financial Debt: Euro 11-10 million• Capex 2023-2025: Euro 20 million Consumers Area • Number of orders on platforms: 4 Mln (CAGR 2022-2025 equal to +18.8%)• Number of products sold: 21.6 Mln (CAGR 2022-2025 equal to +21.4%)• Number of active customers (Consumer): 1 700 000 (CAGR 2022-2025 equal to +16.5%)• Platform sessions: 90 Mln• SKUs: 150 000 thanks to the entrance of new category Industrial Area • Number of customers (Industrial): 400 (CAGR 2022-2025 equal to +30.5%) Talea Group • Media Budget: Euro 15 million MAIN ECONOMIC AND FINANCIAL RESULTS AS AT 31 DECEMBER 2022 Volume growth accelerated for Farmaè  which achieved a 40% increase in orders and consolidated Adj revenues of Euro 120 9 million in FY2022  up +40.8% year-on-year. The growth in volumes and turnover was driven by the excellent performance of the online platforms and the consolidation of the retail experience for the Farmaè  AmicaFarmacia  FarmaEurope  Beautyè and Sanort brands  as well as the growth and ongoing introduction of new product categories - such as PET - and the expansion of the offer in the beauty  orthopaedics and homeopathy segments. This growth was not sufficient  particularly in the second half of the year  to fully offset inflation resulting from the combined effects of the war in Ukraine  geopolitical tensions and uncertainty over commodity prices. These dynamics were therefore reflected in a sharp increase in costs that were entirely absorbed by the Group and only partially passed on to end customers. This choice resulted in a strong benefit for the engagement of new consumenrs that are an added value also on the trend of this first trimester of 2023. The EBITDA2 seems growing by 9% to Euro 2.2 million with an EBITDA margin equal to 1.8%. The Consolidated Report for the year ended 31 December 2022 is prepared by Farmaè in accordance with the IAS/IFRS principles issued by the International Accounting Standards Board (IASB) and the interpretations of the International Financial Reporting Standard Interpretation Committee (IFRS IC  formerly IFRIC) and the former Standing Interpretations Committee (SIC) (hereinafter referred to as ""IAS/IFRS Principles"")  endorsed by the European Union following the entry into force of Regulation (EC) No. 1606/2002 issued by the European Parliament and the European Council in July 2002. 2 EBITDA indicates the result before financial charges  taxes  depreciation of fixed assets and non-recurring income and charges. Consolidated revenues Adj 2022 amounted to Euro 120 9 million  up 40.8% compared to the Euro 85.9 million Adj recorded at 31 December 2021  and include Euro 115 million (+42.2%) relating to the Consumer Area  in which the Farmaè  AmicaFarmacia  Farmaeurope  Sanort and Beautyè brands operate today  dedicated to e-retailing  and Euro 5.9 million (+ 18.3% YoY) pertaining to the Industrial Area and related to co-marketing revenues and the subsidiary Valnan in 2022. Orders on platforms in 2022 grew by 40.0% to 2 million 384 thousand compared to 1 million 707 thousand recorded in 2021 by Farmaè alone  and by 15.3% compared to 2 million 68 thousand on a like-for-like basis as at 31 December 2021. In 2022  12 million 77 thousand products were sold  up 42.0% compared to 8 million 513 thousand products sold by Farmaè alone  and up 18.5% compared to 10 million 190 thousand at the end of 2021 on a like-for-like basis. The Commercial Margin stood at Euro 38.4 million  up 37% from Euro 27.8 million in 2021  with an incidence on revenues of 31.7%  slightly lower than the previous year when it was 32.5%. The EBITDA is equal to Euro 2.2 million  growing by 7% compared to the previous year. Adj EBITDA  adjusted for costs related to the integration of Amicafarmacia post-acquisition  revamping of sites  non-recurring costs for acquisition activities and other non-recurring activities  totalling Euro 0.4 million  amounted to Euro 2.5 million compared to Euro 2.7 million in 2021. The incidence on turnover was 2.1% compared to 3.2% in the previous year  mainly due to inflation that led to an increase in the prices to buy the products and in operating costs (transport  energy  personnel) that the Company has chosen to pass only up to a point on the final consumers. Personnel costs totalled Euro 10.2 million and reflect the strengthening of the structure and the hiring of managerial figures for business development. EBIT for the financial year 2022 substantially broke even at Euro -38 000 compared to Euro 307 000 for the financial year 2021  after depreciation and amortisation of Euro 2.2 million (EUR 1.7 million in 2021). After financial expenses of about EUR 0.8 million  the Net Profit is a loss of EUR 0.9 million  compared to a loss of EUR 90 thousand in FY2021. The change net working capital is positive for Euro 0.8 millions. The Net Financial Debt of the Farmaè Group was Euro 21.3 million compared to Euro 14.1 million as of 31 December 2021 and Euro 19.7 million as of 30 June 2022 . The Net Financial Debt as at 31 December 2022 changed compared to 31 December 2021 mainly in relation to the investments made in the period  linked both to the group's logistic strengthening projects and to the acquisition of the Farmaeurope.it domain  entailing significant development plans to ugrade the consumer strategy. The increase in working capital also has an impact  mainly due to the accrual of receivables from the tax authorities for VAT recoverable from 2023. *** ECONOMIC AND FINANCIAL RESULTS OF THE PARENT COMPANY FARMAE Farmaè revenues grew YoY by +40.1%  going from Euro 80.3 million in 2021 to Euro 112.5 million in 2022. Adjusted EBITDA amounted to Euro 2.2 million. The result closes with a loss of 1 million Euros. The Net Financial Debt amounted to Euro 20.6 million mainly in relation to the investments made in the period  linked both to the group's logistics expansion projects and to the acquisition made during the period of the Attachments Original LinkOriginal DocumentPermalink Disclaimer FARMAè S.p.A. published this content on 28 March 2023 and is solely responsible for the information contained therein. Distributed by Public  unedited and unaltered  on 29 March 2023 13:35:22 UTC.© Publicnow 2023 All news about FARMAÈ S.P.A. 03/29 Farmae S P A : The board of directors approves the 2023-2025 business plan  the draft fina.. PU 03/29 Mib glimpses 26 000 points; MPS and BPM do well AN 03/28 Farmaè increases loss in 2022; new targets planned to 2025 AN 03/16 Squares breathe after sell-off; good for Cucinelli AN 02/16 Europeans expected up  ECB confirms rate hike AN 02/15 Europeans up  UK inflation falls; crude oil down AN 02/15 Bullish futures; TIM presents business plan AN 02/14 Mib green; Tenaris bullish on eve of accounts AN 02/14 Farmaè will change name to Talea; rebranding project underway AN 02/14 Farmaè Group : Consolidated revenue growth accelerates in the fourth quarter 2022 to 34.9 .. PU",neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,mixed,0.49,0.1,0.42,True,English,"['2023-2025 BUSINESS PLAN', 'DRAFT FINANCIAL STATEMENTS', 'CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS', 'Farmae S', 'THE', 'BOARD', 'DIRECTORS', '31 DECEMBER', 'draft statutory financial statements', 'Farmaè S.p.A.', 'Consolidated Net Financial Debt', 'Euronext Growth Milan market', 'Long-term sustainable EBITDA margin', 'DRAFT FINANCIAL STATEMENTS', 'CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS', 'multiple email addresses', 'leading integrated platform', 'two revenue-generating areas', 'International Accounting Standards', 'new revenue opportunities', 'Consolidated Net Result', 'Consolidated adj EBITDA', 'non-linear market context', 'fields Press Release', 'IAS/IFRS reporting purposes', 'recessionary economic scenario', '2023-2025 BUSINESS PLAN', 'Consolidated ADJ REVENUES', 'Talea Media project', 'main industrial KPIs', 'new Group strategy', 'Farmae S', 'positive margin', 'CONSOLIDATED RESULTS', 'sustainable development', 'new strategy', 'business services', 'inflationary scenario', 'business area', 'main drivers', 'core business', 'OPTION PLAN', 'market share', 'Talea well', 'organic growth', 'major growth', 'significant growth', 'healthy growth', 'growth strategy', 'economic development', 'Significant acceleration', 'Industrial area', 'commercial brands', 'marketing activities', 'APPROVED Viareggio', 'Borsa Italiana', 'wellness sectors', 'Riccardo Iacometti', 'Managing Director', 'Digital People', 'next years', 'healthy plant', 'economic-financial targets', 'commercial choice', 'final consumers', 'product categories', 'consumers area', 'personal well-being', 'Industrial one', 'positive trend', 'first months', 'environmental impact', 'social wellbeing', 'health, wellness', 'development project', 'Talea Group', 'plan objectives', 'rebranding project', 'Farmaè Group', 'solid results', 'market leadership', 'First name', 'Consumer area', 'Sanort TARGETS', 'Distribution Costs', 'adequate profitability', 'beauty products', 'Beautyè brands', 'DIRECTORS APPROVES', 'negative Euro', 'THE', 'BOARD', '31 DECEMBER', 'commas', 'Message', 'ROADMAP', 'margins', '14 February', 'Valnan', 'Amicafarmacia', 'Farmaeurope', 'Turnover', '30 June', '28 March', 'company', 'Italy', 'chairmanship', 'reduction', 'Sales', 'Selling', 'accordance', 'Founder', 'goal', 'strengths', 'stakeholders', 'cutting', 'strong', 'substance', 'challenging', 'terms', 'maintenance', 'increase', 'benefit', 'awareness', 'concept', 'philosophy', 'consolidation', 'positioning', 'Industries', 'possibility', 'evolution', 'principle', 'balance', 'retailing']",2023-03-29,2023-03-30,marketscreener.com
21715,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/HEXAOM-58808496/news/Hexaom-2022-EARNINGS-REPORT-43367512/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230329,Hexaom :  2022 EARNINGS REPORT,(marketscreener.com)  STRONG PERFORMANCE FROM HOME BUILDING  REAL ESTATE AND LAND DEVELOPMENT  AND B2C RENOVATION SEGMENTSSIGNIFICANT LOSS FROM THE B2B RENOVATION SEGMENTHAS IMPACTED CONSOLIDATED RESULTSGOOD VISIBILITY FOR 2023 BOOSTED BY HIGH ORDER INTA…,"STRONG PERFORMANCE FROM HOME BUILDING  REAL ESTATE AND LAND DEVELOPMENT  AND B2C RENOVATION SEGMENTSSIGNIFICANT LOSS FROM THE B2B RENOVATION SEGMENTHAS IMPACTED CONSOLIDATED RESULTSGOOD VISIBILITY FOR 2023 BOOSTED BY HIGH ORDER INTAKEThe Hexaom board of directors met on March 22nd  2023  and approved the financial statements for the year ended December 31st  2022. The consolidated financial statements were audited. The statutory auditors' report will be issued when the annual report is published.Organic growth of 6.3% to €1.06 billion for the yearMargins held up well for most of the group's businessesIn a hyperinflationary context marked by a sharp and continuous increase in construction costs due to a shortage of materials as well as rising energy prices  Hexaom's 2022 operating results from its Home Building  Real Estate Development  Land Development  and B2C Renovation businesses remained resilient.As announced in the 2022 turnover press release  the significant loss of the B2B Renovation business put a damper on this performance. However  this setback has not called into question the group's short- and medium-term objectives.For each business line  revenue and current operating income were as follows:Earnings per business Revenue Current operating income € million € million % Home Building 809.6 21.9 2.7% Real Estate Development 67.8 2.6 3.8% Land Development 33.7 5.1 15.1% B2C Renovation 52.9 2.4 4.5% Subtotal (excluding B2B renovation) 964.0 32.0 3.3% B2B Renovation 96.0 -30.0 -31.3% Consolidated Group 1 060.0 1.9 0.2%The group stresses that the B2B Renovation entity has been facing difficulties for several months  partly linked to the excessive and poorly controlled growth of its operations. In addition  the sharp rise in construction costs affecting the entire sector has had a much bigger impact on this business  which  unlike the group's other businesses  was not absorbing rising costs by indexing selling prices to inflation and revising them accordingly.Faced with this situation  the group has implemented an action plan aimed at restoring medium-term profitability for this business. This action plan will refocus activities on its proven know-how with a more appropriate level of production. The plan also involves a change in management and governance  stronger management control processes  and stricter procedures to secure margins.The loss for the year was due to both a reassessment of margin estimates for work in progress once it is finished and to provisioning for risks. After taking into account all these items  the current operating loss for this business amounts to €30.0 million. This entity's contracts  most of which have not been indexed to inflation  have a relatively long production cycle with delays of 12 to 36 months between the acceptance of the offer and the final delivery. The lag induced by these long-term contracts will obviously delay the effects of this action plan and consequently its impact on the recovery.At the end of the year  taking into account these items  the group also impaired the residual goodwill associated with the B2B Renovation business  which amounted to €31.2 million at December 31st  2021.Finally  convinced of the short- and medium-term growth potential of the B2B renovation market  the group—which owns 100% of the shares of the subsidiary operating this activity since January 1st  2023—has increased the share capital of the subsidiary by almost €26 million.As a result of these exceptional items  the group posted an operating loss of -€28.7 million for the year.Consolidated Net Income in € Millions 2022 2021 Revenue 1 060.0 997.0 Current operating income 1.9 34.5 Non-current operating items -30.7 -2.5 Operating income -28.7 32.0 Net financial income -1.1 -0.7 Net income -37.9 22.7Extremely solid financial structure: net cash of €42.2 millionDuring the year  Hexaom maintained a high level of cash. As a result  the group's financial structure remains strong at December 31st  2022. The group share of equity amounted to €188.3 million and cash assets stood at €158.6 million. Net cash at the end of the period was €42.2 million.DividendThe board of directors will recommend that no dividend by paid out for 2022 at the annual general meeting to be held on June 1st.Order intake provides good visibility for 2023 productionPriorities are the recovery of the B2B Renovation business  margin preservation  and further development of the diversification segmentsWhile the market will remain disrupted due to the sharp rise in interest rates and tightening financing conditions  the order intake from the group's various business lines to date provides Hexaom good visibility for its 2023 production. Nonetheless  challenges will remain in 2023  namely:- Maintaining order intake for the Home Building  Real Estate Development  and Land Development segments - Further growing the B2C Renovation business whose already favorable market conditions are being boosted by subsidies and energy-saving trends - Turning around performance of the B2B Renovation business.Home Building BusinessThe order intake in 2022 represents revenue of €941.1 million  down 18.4% compared with 2021. Sales in the first two months of 2023 remained in line with this trend and represent revenue of €115.4 million  down 14.2% in value.The average selling price over these first two months continues to increase  currently at €167.5k excluding tax compared to €154.5k excluding tax at the end of December 2022. The group is maintaining its policy of adjusting its selling prices to offset the increase in construction costs (materials and subcontracting) and thus preserve its margins.In a market that remains complex  the group is confident in its ability to gain market shares thanks to its position as leader in the sector (quality of offering  nationwide coverage  market concentration  etc.). It will also benefit from taking over some construction sites of defaulting competitors in 2023 and 2024.In terms of margins  the group can rely on its rigorous price indexation policy and on a business model that has high variable costs (subcontracting).Land and Real Estate Development BusinessAt the end of February 2023  the order book (reserved stock for which the deed of sale has not yet been signed) for the Land Development business stood at €22.9 million  representing 317 lots.On the same date  the Real Estate Development business backlog was €90.4 million and the total potential inventory to be delivered (including projects where a preliminary land deal has been signed) represented revenue of €298.7 million  or 1 370 housing units. Thanks to a strong local presence  small and medium-sized projects (low inventory) and a mid high-end positioning for first-time homeowners  the group has good prospects in this sector.B2C Renovation BusinessThis business continues to grow thanks in particular to the increasing number of Camif Habitat and Illico Travaux franchisees throughout France. Since January 1st  2023  the intake of “general contractor” orders amounted to €5.9 million. Order intake from franchisees (intermediated revenue) increased by +44.2% to €16.4 million.The roll-out of a renovation and extension offer at home building agencies continues  and the objective is to have such an offer in every region and group subsidiary within 2 years.Finally  to fully capture the growth potential of the energy renovation market  the group has decided to deploy  starting in September  a dedicated offer through a new network of Rénovert franchises.B2B Renovation BusinessActions to turn around this business will continue and focus on:- Strengthening and controlling internal processes - Setting up Hexaom teams to ensure compliance with procedures and thereby secure margins - Repositioning activities on its proven know-how with higher added value - Addressing markets that allow prices to be indexed to inflation - Keeping sales in check to allow this subsidiary to restructure before resuming a growth trajectory. Since the beginning of the year  the order intake has amounted to €17 million.Worksites with sharply diminished margins continue to be delivered. For the current year  this subsidiary's operating loss will be significantly reduced. In the context of this long delivery cycle and taking into account the measures that needed to be implemented  the group considers that this subsidiary's results will gradually recover.Outlook for 2023Given the outlook for each business and in particular the turnaround action plan for the B2B business  the group remains confident that its current operating margin will improve significantly in 2023.Thanks to its sound financial structure  the Group Hexaom will continue to gain market shares in all its businesses and thus consolidate its position as a major player in the French housing industry.Publication of the 2022 Annual ReportYou can find Hexaom's 2022 Annual Report on its website www.hexaom.fr  under Investors > Financial Information.Information meeting  March 24th  2023  at 10 AM at the Centre d'affaires Edouard VII.Next press release: 2023 Q1 Revenue – May 3rd  2023  after market close.ABOUT THE GROUPSince 1919  five generations of the same family have successively taken over the helm of Hexaom  a group that drives and federates an ecosystem of 46 brands and subsidiaries with complementary expertise. A unique story of family entrepreneurship characterized by its stability in a complex market sector.The group  leader in the home building  renovation  and first-time owners' markets in France currently serves more than 12 000 customers a year  has built more than 110 000 houses  has carried out over 85 000 renovations  employs more than 2 145 people  and recorded revenue of €1 060 million in 2022.HEXAOM is listed on Euronext Growth Paris.HEXAOM equities are eligible for PEA-PME equity savings plan.ISIN code: FR 0004159473 - Mnemonic ALHEXCONTACTSHEXAOMLoïc VandrommeChief Executive OfficerTel: + 33 2 33 80 66 61E-mail lvandromme@hexaom.frEDIFICE CommunicationAmalia NaveiraAnalyst/Investor/Press RelationsTel: + 33 6 31 35 99 50E-mail: hexaom@edifice-communication.com Jean-Christophe GodetChief Financial OfficerTel: + 33 2 33 80 66 61E-mail finances@hexaom.frGLOSSARY:Gross order intake: a contract is recorded in the gross order intake as soon as it is signed by the customer and accepted by our sales administration department (administrative control of the documents and validity of the financing plan  site inspection  verification  and acceptance of the selling price). The amount recorded corresponds to the revenue excluding taxes to be generated by the contract.Backlog (real estate development): represents the group's already secured future revenue  expressed in euros  for its real estate development business. The backlog includes reservations for which notarial deeds of sale have not yet been signed and the portion of revenue remaining to be generated on units for which notarial deeds of sale have already been signed (portion remaining to be built).Order book (land development): represents recorded land orders that have not been canceled and for which notarial deeds of sale have not yet been signed.Production in progress: all orders for which the conditions precedent to begin work have been met (building permit and client financing obtained  client ownership of the land) and which have not been accepted by the client (delivered)Change in like-for-like revenue: changes in revenue for the periods under comparison  recalculated as follows:- in the event of an acquisition  revenue from the acquired company is deducted from the current period if it was not part of the group during the previous period - in the event of a sale  the revenue of the divested company that is no longer part of the group during the current period is deducted from the comparison period.B2B (business to business): refers to transactions conducted between two companies.B2C (business to consumer): refers to transactions conducted between the company and consumers.Net contribution margin corresponds to the difference between the revenue generated by contracts and the costs directly related to these contracts (construction costs  sales or broker commissions  taxes  insurance  etc.).Current operating income: intended to present the group's operating performance excluding the impact of non-recurring operations and events during the period.Cash position: includes cash on hand and demand deposits.Debt: includes all current and non-current financial liabilities except leases according to the restatement of IFRS 16.Net cash: cash position less debt.This publication embed ""🔒 Actusnews SECURITY MASTER "".- SECURITY MASTER Key: l5lxYZ1raWeVlp2ck8aYmGVjbGhhk5KWaZWbm2Fvlseab5xkxWiSm5SYZnBqlW5u- Check this key: https://www.security-master-key.com.Regulated information:Inside Information:- News release on accounts  results Full and original press release in PDF: https://www.actusnews.com/news/79098-hexaom_ra-2022-en.pdfReceive by email the next press releases of the company by registering on www.actusnews.com  it's free© 2023 ActusNews",neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,mixed,0.32,0.1,0.57,True,English,"['2022 EARNINGS REPORT', 'Hexaom', 'stronger management control processes', '2022 turnover press release', ""statutory auditors' report"", 'annual general meeting', 'B2B RENOVATION SEGMENT', 'current operating income', 'various business lines', 'B2C RENOVATION SEGMENTS', 'solid financial structure', 'rising energy prices', 'Maintaining order intake', 'favorable market conditions', 'Real Estate Development', 'B2B renovation market', 'Net financial income', 'B2C Renovation business', 'current operating loss', 'B2B Renovation business', 'Consolidated Net Income', 'consolidated financial statements', 'HIGH ORDER INTAKE', 'long production cycle', 'B2B Renovation entity', 'Non-current operating items', 'medium-term growth potential', 'Land Development segments', 'The Hexaom board', 'annual report', 'diversification segments', '2022 operating results', 'CONSOLIDATED RESULTS', 'rising costs', 'selling prices', 'high level', 'financing conditions', 'medium-term objectives', 'medium-term profitability', 'net cash', 'HOME BUILDING', 'SIGNIFICANT LOSS', 'GOOD VISIBILITY', 'Organic growth', 'hyperinflationary context', 'continuous increase', 'construction costs', 'several months', 'entire sector', 'other businesses', 'appropriate level', 'stricter procedures', 'margin estimates', '12 to 36 months', 'final delivery', 'residual goodwill', 'share capital', 'margin preservation', 'interest rates', 'energy-saving trends', 'action plan', 'exceptional items', 'cash assets', 'Consolidated Group', 'sharp rise', 'business Revenue', 'bigger impact', 'long-term contracts', 'STRONG PERFORMANCE', 'group share', '2023 production', 'directors', 'March', 'year', 'December', 'Margins', 'shortage', 'materials', 'damper', 'setback', 'question', 'Earnings', 'difficulties', 'excessive', 'operations', 'addition', 'situation', 'activities', 'change', 'governance', 'reassessment', 'work', 'progress', 'risks', 'account', 'delays', 'acceptance', 'offer', 'lag', 'effects', 'recovery', 'shares', 'subsidiary', 'activity', 'January', 'equity', 'period', 'Dividend', 'June', 'Priorities', 'challenges', 'subsidies', '€']",2023-03-29,2023-03-30,marketscreener.com
21716,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/KUDELSKI-SA-6096412/news/Kudelski-2022-Compensation-Report-43372367/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230329,Kudelski : 2022 Compensation Report,(marketscreener.com)   KUDELSKI GROUP COMPENSATION REPORT 2022   1. Introduction   This report was prepared in compliance with the directive on information relating to corporate governance issued by the SIX Exchange Regulation and in compliance with S…,KUDELSKI GROUP COMPENSATION REPORT 20221. IntroductionThis report was prepared in compliance with the directive on information relating to corporate governance issued by the SIX Exchange Regulation and in compliance with Swiss corporate law reform. This Compensation Report is audited. Unless otherwise mentioned  the information provided in this report reﬂects the situation as of Decem-ber 31  2022.This Compensation Report refers to the articles of associ-ation of the Company  which are available at the following address:https://www.nagra.com/investors/publications2. Compensation approval by General MeetingIn compliance with section 28 of the articles of asso-ciation  upon the proposal of the Board of Directors  each year the Annual General Meeting shall separately approve the maximum aggregate amount of compensa-tion awarded to the Board of Directors and the Executive Board. The Board of Directors shall submit a separate proposal to the vote of the Annual General Meeting regarding:- the maximum aggregate amount granted to the Board of Directors for the compensation of its members for the period up to the following Annual General Meeting; and-the maximum aggregate amount granted to the Executive Board for the ﬁxed and variable compensa-tion of its members for the following periods  respec-tively: as regards ﬁxed compensation  the period from the beginning of July of the current ﬁscal year through the end of June of the following ﬁscal year; as regards variable compensation  the current ﬁscal year.The Board of Directors may submit proposals to the Annual General Meeting regarding compensation for different periods affecting all members of the Board of Directors or the Executive Board or only certain members.Votes at the Annual General Meeting on compensation related proposals are binding. If one or more of the aforementioned amounts are rejected at the Annual General Meeting  the Board of Directors shall make an alternative proposal for approval at the same Annual General Meeting or a subsequent General Meeting. Compensation payments for activities by members of the Board of Directors and the Executive Board in other legal entities directly or indirectly controlled by the Company are authorized. Compensation paid by these legal entities is included as part of the compensation submitted for approval at the Annual General Meeting.The Company  or any other legal entity directly or indirectly controlled by it  may pay compensation prior to its approval at the Annual General Meeting  subject to subsequent approval and an obligation to repay such compensation in the event it is not approved at the General Meeting.In compliance with section 29 of the articles of association  if the maximum global compensation of the Executive Board already approved at the General Meeting is insufﬁ-cient to cover compensation of members appointed after this approval  the Company or legal entities controlled by it  may grant an additional amount for the compensation period already approved to remunerate and/or compen-sate for beneﬁts the new member gave up or lost due to his/her change in employment. The additional amount shall not exceed 150% of the position replaced or the highest ﬁxed compensation of the other members of the Executive Board on a pro rata temporis basis up until the end of the period for which the compensation was already approved.3. Principles of compensationThe Compensation and Nomination Committee has adopted a compensation policy aligning the interests of Executive Board members with the Group's mid- and long-term strategy and shareholders' interests. Pursuant to this policy  compensation is based on the following principles:- coherence of compensation levels with the tasks  workload and responsibilities assumed;- appropriate match between compensation levels and current business  trends and evolution of the market and competitive environment of the Group as well as the mid- and long-term strategy of the Group;- global assessment (not individually-based) of compen-sation to encourage a long-term vision of the Group's interests; and- for Executive Board members  pay for performance to support both short-term and long-term Group objectives.The Compensation and Nomination Committee (see section 3.5.2 of the Corporate Governance report) strives to maintain a competitive remuneration policy that ensures global compensation of the Executive Board members is comparable with those of their peers at multi-national companies operating in the ﬁelds of digitaltelevision  cybersecurity and the Internet in Switzerland  in high technology centers  such as the West Coast of the USA  and in Western Europe. In addition  the Compensation and Nomination Committee aims to limit dilution of the capital of the Company by using equity as part of compensation only for a limited number of senior members of management  including the Executive Board (see section 4.2 below).The Compensation and Nomination Committee does not use benchmarks or compensation consultancy services. It makes its own assessment of the compensation prac-tices of the following types of companies:The total annual compensation of members of the Executive Board includes a ﬁxed and a variable compo-nent. The variable component depends on the Group's results (both economic and strategic)  the level of re-sponsibility assumed and individual performance  which factors can in the aggregate have a positive or negative impact on the variable compensation of each Executive Board member. Variable compensation helps align the interests of Executive Board members with company strategy and shareholders' interests and ultimately seeks to reward value creation. The variable component is not expressed as a percentage of ﬁxed compensation (see also section 4.2).- high technology companies listed on the Nasdaq or NYSE;- high technology companies listed on the Euronext;- high technology companies listed on the SIX Swiss Exchange and belonging to the Swiss Performance Index (SPI)  Technology sector; and- privately held high technology companies.Speciﬁcally  the Committee assesses those companies from which prospective employee candidates may be employed or to which the Group may have lost prospective candidates  as well as competitors that are of a similar size and face comparable operational complexity as the Group. Such assessments also take into account the business environment in which the Group operates and the rapid pace of evolution required for success.Due to the unique characteristics of the Group  including the breadth and variety of its products and services  the rapid evolution of its technologies and markets and the fast-moving competitive environment in which the Group operates  the Compensation and Nomination Committee considers that it is difﬁcult to make direct comparisons with other companies and believes that the aforementioned elements are sufﬁcient for purposes of its compensation policy.The level of remuneration of the non-executive members of the Board of Directors is determined by their role with the Board of Directors and its Committees. The elements of their compensation are set out in section 4.1.Currently  there are no provisions providing for a particular allowance or beneﬁt - including with regard to blocking or vesting periods applicable to shares - in the event of a termination of the employment contract of an Executive Board member  in the event of a departure of a member of the Board of Directors or in the case of a change of control of the company. Executive Board members have employment contracts with an unlimited term and with a maximum of eleven month's termination notice expiring on the last day of a calendar month  both of which help promote stability within the management of the Group.4. Elements of compensationSection 7 sets forth the compensation paid to the members of the Board of Directors and Executive Board in accordance with the Swiss corporate law reform.The elements of compensation for non-executive members of the Board of Directors are different than for executive members of the Board of Directors and the Executive Board members.4.1. Members of the Board of DirectorsIn compliance with section 30 of the articles of association  the compensation of non-executive members of the Board of Directors is composed of a ﬁxed annual fee  paid in cash  and an expense allowance.Speciﬁc tasks or services performed for the Group by a non-executive member of the Board of Directors that fall outside of such member's Board responsibilities are generally compensated in cash and based on arm's length terms and conditions.4.2. Members of the Executive BoardIn compliance with sections 30 paragraphs 4  31 and 32 of the articles of association (https://www.nagra.com/ sites/default/ﬁles/STATUTS_Kudelski_2022_04_21. pdf) the total annual compensation of the executive members of the Board of Directors and of the Executive Board members includes a ﬁxed salary and a variable component.Compensation is generally paid in a combination of cash  shares and payment in kind (including provision of a company car and reimbursement of all or part of health insurance premiums). The ﬁxed salary is in principle paid in cash. The Compensation and Nomination Committee has discretionary authority to determine how the variable component is paid  taking into account such criteria as the dilutive effect of any share issuances.A maximum of 50% of the variable compensation may be paid in Kudelski SA bearer shares that are blocked for a period of three or seven years at the election of the Executive Board member. Each Executive Board mem-ber may also elect to participate in the Group's share purchase plan adopted in 2004 (see section 2.7 of the Corporate Governance Report: Share purchase plan).The total compensation of each Executive Board mem-ber is linked to his/her individual performance as well as the strategic  economic and operational performance of the Group. Key factors impacting variable compensation levels include the overall performance of the Group and its divisions  performance against the applicable member's department budget  contribution to strategic initiatives  achievement of individual objectives and the quality of management by such Executive Board member. Ob-jectives of the Group are discussed and approved on a yearly basis by the Board of Directors  Strategy Commit-tee  Compensation and Nomination Committee and Chief Executive Ofﬁcer. Once approved  Group objectives are shared with the Executive Board members who  in addi-tion to their individual performance objectives  shall have responsibility for achieving such objectives as determined by the Chief Executive Ofﬁcer in agreement with the Com-pensation and Nomination Committee.The Compensation and Nomination Committee assesses the achievement of Group objectives and of each Executive Board member's individual performance objectives. The Committee has discretionary authority to determine the relative weighting of the Group objectives and individual performance objectives as part of itsassessment for determining the total compensation of each Executive Board member. In addition  the Compensation and Nomination Committee has the discretion to apply a positive or negative performance factor to each individual performance objective  which recognizes achievement or failure of individual perfor-mance objectives. This practice is designed to encourage each member of the Executive Board to optimize his/her performance against objectives.5. Procedure for determining compensation The Compensation and Nomination Committee determines the compensation policy and sets the compensation of each member of the Executive Board and the Board of Directors  other than the compensation of the Committee members which is decided by the full Board of Directors (see section 3.5.2 of the Corporate Governance Report  Compensation and Nomination Committee section). The Compensation and Nomination Committee reports every year on its activities to the Board of Directors.The Chairman of the Board of Directors is invited to take part in the Committee's discussions related to compen-sation  other than discussions relating to the Chairman's own compensation.Each year  the Compensation and Nomination Committee reassesses its compensation policy and determines the annual compensation of the Board of Directors and Executive Board members. Generally  this occurs during the ﬁrst quarter of the year. During the same period  the Chief Executive Ofﬁcer reviews the performance objectives of the Executive Board and presents his recommendations to the Board of Directors. The full Board of Directors will also determine the compensation of the members of the Compensation and Nomination Committee.6. Special information regarding 20226.1. Changes to the compensation policy during the year under reviewNo major change was made to the Group's compensa-tion policy for the 2022 ﬁnancial year. Shares granted to Executive Board members as part of their variable compensation were blocked for a period of seven years (see section 7).6.2. Special information regarding 2022The compensation of each Executive Board member is determined globally  and the variable compensation of the Executive Board members is not based on the ﬁxed salary as speciﬁed in section 3. The variable compen-sation of each Executive Board member represented 30.0% of his total compensation  except for the Chief Executive Ofﬁcer (see section 7). There is no pre-de-termined ratio between the variable component and the ﬁxed salary; such ratio may be different from year to year. The different ratios of ﬁxed to variable compen-sation among Executive Board members are based on their function and responsibilities within the Group and market practices.7. Compensation granted to members of the Board of Directors and members of the Executive Board Total compensation paid directly or indirectly by Kudelski SA or one of its afﬁliated companies in 2022 and 2021 to former and current members of the Board of Directors and Executive Board is described below. Compensation does not include reimbursement for business expenses incurred by members in the course of performing their responsibilities or representation allowances  which are not considered as compensation by the Swiss ﬁscal authorities.The value of shares granted is determined according to the market value at the time of grant  as quoted on the SIX Swiss Exchange and adjusted by a discount factor of 6% for each year that such shares are blocked from sale or transfer. Such discount factor is determined in accordance with the principles applied by Swiss ﬁscal authorities. 72 267 (2021: 232 661) bearer shares were allocated to members of the Executive Board with a seven-year blocking period. In 2022 and in 2021  no bearer shares were allocated to members of the Executive Board with a three-year blocking period. Shares granted as part of variable compensation for ﬁscal years 2022 and 2021 were granted at the beginning of the respective following year.,neutral,0.0,0.99,0.01,positive,0.55,0.45,0.0,True,English,"['2022 Compensation Report', 'Kudelski', 'pro rata temporis basis', 'Swiss corporate law reform', 'same Annual General Meeting', 'following Annual General Meeting', 'KUDELSKI GROUP COMPENSATION REPORT', 'SIX Exchange Regulation', 'high technology centers', 'current ﬁscal year', 'maximum aggregate amount', 'following ﬁscal year', 'subsequent General Meeting', 'other legal entity', 'compensation consultancy services', 'Corporate Governance report', 'other legal entities', 'competitive remuneration policy', 'long-term Group objectives', 'maximum global compensation', 'highest ﬁxed compensation', 'Executive Board members', 'current business', 'following address', 'following periods', 'additional amount', 'competitive environment', 'other members', 'long-term strategy', 'long-term vision', 'following principles', 'different periods', 'beneﬁts', 'new member', 'Nomination Committee', 'appropriate match', 'multi-national companies', 'West Coast', 'Western Europe', 'limited number', 'global assessment', 'subsequent approval', 'The Board', 'variable compensation', 'Compensation payments', 'The Compensation', 'compensation policy', 'compensation levels', 'senior members', 'separate proposal', 'alternative proposal', 'variable compensa-tion', 'related proposals', ""shareholders' interests"", 'The Company', 'Compensation approval', 'compensation period', 'Introduction', 'compliance', 'directive', 'information', 'situation', 'articles', 'associ-ation', 'nagra', 'investors', 'publications', 'section', 'asso-ciation', 'Directors', 'vote', 'beginning', 'July', 'end', 'June', 'amounts', 'activities', 'part', 'obligation', 'event', 'association', 'employment', 'position', 'coherence', 'tasks', 'workload', 'evolution', 'market', 'compen-sation', 'performance', 'short-term', 'peers', 'ﬁelds', 'digital', 'television', 'cybersecurity', 'Internet', 'Switzerland', 'USA', 'dilution', 'capital', 'equity', 'management', 'benchmarks', '2.', '3.']",2023-03-29,2023-03-30,marketscreener.com
21717,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/CONCENTRIX-CORPORATION-115248422/news/Concentrix-to-Combine-with-Webhelp-Creating-a-Diversified-Global-CX-Leader-Well-Positioned-for-Gro-43373154/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230329,Concentrix to Combine with Webhelp  Creating a Diversified Global CX Leader  Well-Positioned for Growth,(marketscreener.com) Enhances Concentrix’ position as a leader in $550B+ growing CX marketAdds clients in attractive growing markets  further diversifying our marquee client listSignificantly expands footprint in Europe  Latin America  and AfricaExpands bread…,Concentrix to Combine with Webhelp  Creating a Diversified Global CX Leader  Well-Positioned for Growth 03/29/2023 | 04:11pm EDT Send by mail :Name : First name : From * : To * : (You can enter multiple email addresses separated by commas) Message : * Required fields Enhances Concentrix’ position as a leader in $550B+ growing CX marketAdds clients in attractive growing markets  further diversifying our marquee client listSignificantly expands footprint in Europe  Latin America  and AfricaExpands breadth and global reach of high-value services and digital capabilitiesStrengthens support for clients and staff  combining complementary culturesAccretive to revenue growth  profitability  and non-GAAP EPS in first yearConference call today at 5:00 PM EDTNEWARK  Calif.  March 29  2023 (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) -- Concentrix Corporation (Nasdaq: CNXC)  a leading global provider of customer experience (CX) services and technologies  today announced they have entered into an agreement to combine with Webhelp in a transaction valued at approximately $4.8 billion  including net debt. Webhelp is a recognized leader in the market  specializing in CX  sales  marketing  and payment services with a strong client and delivery footprint in Europe  Latin America  and Africa. The combined company  with approximately $9.8 billion in estimated pro forma 2023 annual revenues and a complementary global presence  will be uniquely positioned to grow faster than the market and transform customer experiences with innovative technology for the world’s best brands. This combination marks a key milestone for the two companies  as they come together with a complementary culture  footprint  capabilities  and vision. Chris Caldwell  President and CEO of Concentrix  will lead the combined organization. “We are honored and excited to join forces with Webhelp  a recognized and game-changing leader in Europe  Latin America  and Africa that shares our culture  values and fanatical focus on people and the success of our valued clients. As we embark on this new journey together  we will have the most impressive toolkit of high-value services and digital capabilities  and a complementary portfolio of approximately 2 000 amazing clients with a diversified and robust revenue stream. With our combined strengths  we will be uniquely positioned to redefine the industry and design  build and run the future of CX ” said Chris Caldwell. “I am excited to begin the next chapter as we come together  aligned in our culture  ‘think human’ mentality  and ambitious plans for the future. I’ve always said that Webhelp’s most precious assets are our clients and our people. Blending strengths of both incredible companies will allow us to keep clients at the heart by offering them the most complete range of solutions  while improving our attractiveness toward talent and investing in technology ” said Olivier Duha  Co-founder and CEO of Webhelp. Ian Gallienne  CEO of Groupe Bruxelles Lambert (“GBL”)  the majority stakeholder in Webhelp since 2019  said  “Following the remarkable development of Webhelp since our investment in 2019  GBL is looking forward to being part of the continued success and growth story that lies ahead. The combined entity will be a leading and transformative force in the marketplace  positioned to create substantial value for all stakeholders.” Compelling Strategic Benefits Enhances Concentrix’ position as a leader in $550B+ growing CX market. Webhelp is a CX leader in Europe  Latin America  and Africa. The pro forma combined company is expected to have $9.8 billion in revenue for fiscal year 2023. The combination is expected to create a leading global CX provider with broad capabilities across digital services and technology  delivered at scale  positioned to accelerate growth in a dynamic market of rapidly changing consumer expectations. Adds clients in attractive growing markets  further diversifying our marquee client list. Webhelp will add approximately 1 000 clients to Concentrix  including 25+ Fortune Global 500 and 200+ new economy clients. The combined company will have approximately 2 000 clients  including 155 Fortune Global 500 clients and 320 new economy clients. Webhelp’s clients are predominantly based outside of North America  and Webhelp will expand Concentrix’ domestic sales presence into 12 additional countries. Significantly expands footprint in Europe  Latin America  and Africa. The transaction establishes one of the most robust  well-balanced global footprints in the industry  enhancing Concentrix’ presence in Europe and Latin America  and establishing its African footprint  all at scale. Webhelp adds over 25 new countries to Concentrix and the combined company will have a robust global footprint across more than 70 countries  with a diversified revenue contribution nearly evenly split between the Americas  Europe  and Asia Pacific. Expands breadth and global reach of high-value services and digital capabilities. The transaction brings together a broad set of offerings combining the digital capabilities of the two entities to better serve the needs of our clients with high-value services. The combined organization will have robust platforms meeting the needs of the strategic verticals it serves. Additionally  the combination is also expected to accelerate Concentrix Catalyst’s global reach by adding Webhelp’s engineering talent in Europe and Latin America. Strengthens support for clients and staff  combining complementary cultures. Both Concentrix and Webhelp have been recognized as leaders globally by Great Places to Work and Comparably. In addition  both companies have earned hundreds of awards for ESG and staff environment  well-being  diversity  and engagement as well as hundreds of client partner of choice awards within the last three years. Accretive to revenue growth  profitability  and non-GAAP EPS in first year. The combination enhances an already attractive financial profile through accretion to revenue growth  profitability  and non-GAAP diluted earnings per share (“EPS”). Webhelp is expected to generate approximately $3.0 billion of revenue and $500 million of adjusted EBITDA in 2023  reflecting over 8% organic constant currency growth. The transaction is expected to be accretive to non-GAAP EPS in the first full year  with double-digit accretion to non-GAAP EPS in the second full year. Transaction Details: Concentrix has entered into a binding put option agreement to combine with Webhelp. Upon completion of customary works council consultations  the parties will enter into a definitive purchase agreement.Under the terms of the agreement  Concentrix will acquire 100% of the shares of Webhelp. Shareholders of Webhelp will receive 14.9 million shares of Concentrix  €500 million of cash proceeds  and a €700 million note payable in two years  bearing an interest rate of 2%  with the right to earn an additional 0.75 million shares of Concentrix if the Concentrix share price reaches $170.00 per share within seven years from the closing of the transaction (based on daily volume weighted average prices measured over a specified period). Additionally  Webhelp’s targeted net debt of approximately €1.55 billion will be refinanced when the transaction closes.Upon closing of the transaction  Concentrix shareholders will own approximately 78% of the combined company with Webhelp shareholders owning approximately 22%.Maintaining its commitment to a diverse board of directors  the combined company will have a ten-member board  including two new board members that are expected to be Olivier Duha as Vice Chair of the Board and Nicolas Gheysens  as a representative of GBL.Cost synergy benefits are expected to be $75 million in the first full year after closing  achieving a minimum of $120 million  net of investments  by the third full year.The combined company will benefit from a strong financial foundation and an investment grade profile  generating strong free cash flows. At close  Concentrix is expected to have approximately $5.1 billion of total debt outstanding  consisting of newly issued senior notes  the €700 million note payable  and its existing credit and accounts receivable securitization facilities. Based on estimated pro forma adjusted EBITDA of approximately $1.6 billion in 2023 and expected net debt of approximately $4.9 billion at close  net debt-to-adjusted EBITDA is expected to be approximately 3x at transaction close and is expected to decrease to close to 2x within two years (excluding any future acquisitions).Total transaction value of $4.8 billion and expected 2023 Webhelp revenue and adjusted EBITDA are based on an assumed exchange rate of 1.08 USD/EUR. The transaction value also reflects a Concentrix share price of $120.00 per share.The transaction is expected to close by the end of the year  subject to customary closing conditions  including approval by Concentrix shareholders and regulatory approvals. Certain shareholders of the company  including MiTAC International Corporation  which collectively owned approximately 15% of Concentrix common stock as of March 29  2023  have agreed to vote their shares in favor of the transaction. Until the transaction is completed  the companies will continue to operate independently. Conference Call and Webcast: A conference call will be held to discuss the transaction and Concentrix’ first quarter financial results on Wednesday  March 29  2023  at 5:00 PM (ET) / 2:00 PM (PT) The live conference call will be webcast in listen-only mode in the Investor Relations section of the Concentrix website under “Events and Presentations” at https://ir.concentrix.com/events-and-presentations. A replay will also be available on the website following the conference call. About Concentrix We’re Concentrix (Nasdaq: CNXC)  a leading global provider of customer experience (CX) solutions and technology. We reimagine everything CX to improve business performance for some of the world’s best brands  and the ones that are changing the world as we know it. Every day  we Design  Build and Run CX for over 130 Fortune Global 500 and 125 new economy clients. Whether it’s a specific solution or the whole end-to-end journey  we’ve got it covered. We’re the strategic thinkers who design brand-defining experiences. The tech geeks who build smarter solutions. And the operational experts who run it all and make it work seamlessly. Across 40 countries and 6 continents  we provide services across key industry verticals: technology & consumer electronics; retail  travel & ecommerce; banking  financial services & insurance; healthcare; communications & media; automotive; and energy & public sector. Location: Virtually Everywhere. Visit www.concentrix.com to learn more. About Webhelp Webhelp designs  delivers  and optimizes unforgettable human experiences for today’s digital world – creating game-changing customer journeys. From sales to service  content moderation to credit management  Webhelp is an end-to-end partner across all B2C and B2B customer journeys. Almost 125 000 passionate employees across 58 countries thrive on making a difference for the world’s most exciting brands. Webhelp is currently owned by its management and GBL  a leading global investment holding  as of November 2019. For more information on Webhelp  visit www.webhelp.com. About Groupe Bruxelles Lambert Groupe Bruxelles Lambert (“GBL”) is an established investment holding company  with over sixty years of stock exchange listing and a net asset value of €17.8bn at the end of December 2022. As a leading and active investor in Europe  GBL focuses on long-term value creation with the support of a stable family shareholder base. As a responsible company and investor  GBL perceives ESG factors as being inextricably linked to value creation. GBL aims to grow its diversified high-quality portfolio of listed  private and alternative investments. GBL is focused on delivering meaningful growth by providing attractive returns to its shareholders through a combination of growth in its net asset value  a sustainable dividend and share buybacks. GBL is listed on Euronext Brussels (Ticker: GBLB BB; ISIN code: BE0003797140) and is included in the BEL20 index. Visit www.gbl.be to learn more. Use of Non-GAAP Information We refer to certain non-GAAP financial measures in this press release  including: Non-GAAP diluted earnings per common share (“EPS”)  which is diluted EPS excluding the per share  tax effected impact of acquisition-related and integration expenses  including related restructuring costs  amortization of intangible assets and share-based compensation.Adjusted earnings before interest  taxes  depreciation  and amortization  or adjusted EBITDA  which is operating income  adjusted to exclude acquisition-related and integration expenses  including related restructuring costs  amortization of intangible assets  and share-based compensation  plus depreciation. We believe that providing this additional information is useful to the reader to better assess and understand base operating performance  especially when comparing results with previous periods and for planning and forecasting in future periods  primarily because management typically monitors the business adjusted for these items in addition to GAAP results. As these non-GAAP financial measures are not calculated in accordance with GAAP  they may not necessarily be comparable to similarly titled measures employed by other companies. These non-GAAP financial measures should not be considered in isolation or as a substitute for the comparable GAAP measures and should be used as a complement to  and in conjunction with  data presented in accordance with GAAP. A reconciliation of these forward-looking non-GAAP financial measures to the most directly comparable GAAP financial measures is not provided because we are unable to provide such reconciliation without unreasonable effort  due to the uncertainty and inherent difficulty of predicting the occurrence and the financial impact of such items and the periods in which such items may be recognized. For the same reasons  we are unable to address the probable significance of the unavailable information  which could be material to future results. A quantitative reconciliation of the pro forma adjusted EBITDA to the most directly comparable GAAP measures cannot be provided without unreasonable efforts due to the forward-looking nature of the adjustments  and their inherent variability. For the same reason  Concentrix is unable to address the probable significance of the unavailable information  which may have a material impact on expected GAAP results. Additional Information and Where to Find It In connection with the proposed transaction between Concentrix Corporation (“Concentrix”) and Webhelp  Concentrix plans to file relevant materials with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the “SEC”)  including a proxy statement on Schedule 14A. Promptly after filing its definitive proxy statement with the SEC  Concentrix will mail the definitive proxy statement to each stockholder entitled to vote at the special meeting relating to the transaction. This communication does not constitute an offer to sell or the solicitation of an offer to buy any securities or a solicitation of any vote or approval. INVESTORS AND STOCKHOLDERS ARE URGED TO CAREFULLY READ THE PROXY STATEMENT (INCLUDING ANY AMENDMENTS OR SUPPLEMENTS THERETO AND ANY DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE THEREIN) AND ANY OTHER RELEVANT DOCUMENTS IN CONNECTION WITH THE TRANSACTION THAT CONCENTRIX WILL FILE WITH THE SEC WHEN THEY BECOME AVAILABLE BECAUSE THEY WILL CONTAIN IMPORTANT INFORMATION ABOUT THE TRANSACTION AND THE PARTIES TO THE TRANSACTION. The definitive proxy statement  the preliminary proxy statement  and other relevant materials in connection with the transaction (when they become available) and any other documents filed by Concentrix with the SEC  may be obtained free of charge at the SEC’s website (www.sec.gov) and Concentrix’ website at www.concentrix.com. Participants in the Solicitation Concentrix and its directors and executive officers may be deemed  under SEC rules  to be participants in the solicitation of proxies from Concentrix’ stockholders in connection with the transaction. Information regarding the interests of such individuals in the proposed transaction will be included in the proxy statement relating to such transaction when it is filed with the SEC. You may obtain information about Concentrix’ executive officers and directors in Concentrix’ definitive proxy statement for its 2023 annual meeting of stockholders  which was filed with the SEC on February 9  2023. To the extent holdings of such participants in Concentrix’ securities are not reported  or have changed since the amounts described in the proxy statement for the 2023 annual meeting of stockholders  such changes have been reflected on Statements of Change in Ownership on Form 4 filed with the SEC. These documents may be obtained free of charge from the SEC’s website at www.sec.gov and Concentrix’ website at www.concentrix.com. Information for U.S. Persons Holding Webhelp Shares This proposed business combination is made for the securities of a non-U.S. company. The offer is subject to disclosure and procedural requirements in France and other non-U.S. jurisdictions that are different from those of the United States. The transaction will be structured to comply with the securities laws and regulations in France  the United States and other applicable jurisdictions that are applicable to transactions of this type. It may be difficult for U.S. holders of Webhelp shares to enforce their rights and any claims they may have arising under the federal securities laws of the United States  since Webhelp is incorporated in a non-U.S. jurisdiction  and some or all of its officers and directors may be residents of a non-U.S. jurisdiction. U.S. holders may not be able to sue a non-U.S. company or its officers or directors in a non-U.S. court for violations of the U.S. securities laws. Further  it may be difficult to compel a non-U.S. company and its affiliates to subject themselves to a U.S. court's judgment. Safe Harbor Statement This news release includes forward-looking statements within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933 and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934. Forward-looking statements include  but are not limited to  statements regarding the combination with Webhelp and the timing thereof  including works council consultations  regulatory approvals and the satisfaction of other closing conditions and the timing thereof  the expected accretion to revenue growth  profitability and non-GAAP EPS and the pace thereof  the estimated size of the transaction and the combined company  including estimated pro forma revenues in 2023  the expected revenue and adjusted EBITDA contributions of the Webhelp business to the Company  the expected growth of the Webhelp business  the expected debt profile and cash flows of the combined company  the pro forma adjusted EBITDA and net debt of the combined company  the expected cost synergies to be achieved from the transaction  and the pro forma ownership structure of the combined company  statements regarding the Company’s expected future financial condition and results of operations  including revenue  operating income  profit margins  effective tax rate and leverage  and statements that include words such as believe  expect  may  will  provide  could and should and other similar expressions. These forward-looking statements are inherently uncertain and involve substantial risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from those expressed or implied by such statements. Risks and uncertainties include  among other things: risks related to the proposed transaction  including that the proposed transaction will not be consummated; the ability to receive shareholder approval and regulatory approvals for the proposed transaction in a timely manner  on acceptable terms or at all  or to satisfy the other closing conditions to the proposed transaction; conditions in the credit markets and the ability to obtain financing for the proposed transaction on a favorable basis if at all; the ability to retain key employees and successfully integrate the Webhelp business; our ability to realize estimated cost savings  synergies or other anticipated benefits of the proposed transaction  or that such benefits may take longer to realize than expected; diversion of management’s attention; the potential impact of the announcement or consummation of the proposed acquisition on relationships with clients and other third parties; risks related to general economic conditions  including consumer demand  interest rates  inflation  supply chains and the effects of the conflict in Ukraine; cyberattacks on our  Webhelp’s or our respective clients’ networks and information technology systems; the failure of our or Webhelp’s staff and contractors to adhere to our and our respective clients’ controls and processes; the inability to protect personal and proprietary information; the inability to execute on our digital CX strategy; the loss of key personnel or the inability to attract and retain staff with the skills and expertise needed for our business; increases in the cost of labor; the effects of the COVID-19 pandemic and other communicable diseases  natural disasters  adverse weather conditions or public health crises; geopolitical  economic and climate- or weather-related risks in regions with a significant concentration of the our or Webhelp’s operations; the inability to successfully identify  complete and integrate strategic acquisitions or investments; competitive conditions in our industry and consolidation of our competitors; higher than expected tax liabilities; the demand for CX solutions and technology; variability in demand by our or Webhelp’s clients or the early termination of our or Webhelp’s client contracts; the level of business activity of our or Webhelp’s clients and the market acceptance and performance of their products and services; currency exchange rate fluctuations; the operability of our or Webhelp’s communication services and information technology systems and networks; changes in law  regulations or regulatory guidance; damage to our or Webhelp’s reputation through the actions or inactions of third parties; investigative or legal actions; and other factors contained in the Company’s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended November 30  2022 filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission and subsequent SEC filings. The Company does not undertake a duty to update forward-looking statements  which speak only as of the date on which they are made. Copyright 2023 Concentrix Corporation All rights reserved. Concentrix  the Concentrix logo  and all other Concentrix company  product and services names and slogans are trademarks or registered trademarks of Concentrix Corporation and its subsidiaries. Concentrix and the Concentrix logo Reg. U.S. Pat. & Tm. Off. and applicable non-U.S. jurisdictions. Other names and marks are the property of their respective owners.All news about CONCENTRIX CORPORATION 11:09a Global markets live: Airbus  Manchester United  EA  Credit Suisse  W.. 09:08a Sector Update: Tech Stocks Edge Higher Premarket Thursday MT 08:54a The Nasdaq is on fire 06:57a Concentrix Fiscal Q1 Non-GAAP Earnings Drop  Revenue Rises -- Shares Decline Premarket MT 06:27a Concentrix Strikes $4.8 Billion Deal to Buy Consultancy Firm Webhelp; Trims Fiscal 2023.. MT 06:19a North American Morning Briefing: Stocks Seen Extending R.. DJ 03/29 Concentrix Fiscal Q1 Non-GAAP Earnings Drop  Revenue Rises -- Shares Decline After Hour.. MT 03/29 Concentrix to Acquire Webhelp in Deal Valued at $4.8 Billion; Shares Fall After Hours MT 03/29 Concentrix Fiscal Q1 Non-GAAP Earnings Drop  Revenue Rises MT 03/29 Transcript : Concentrix Corporation  Q1 2023 Earnings Call  Mar 29  2023 CI Analyst Recommendations on CONCENTRIX CORPORATION 01/23 Barrington Adjusts Price Target on Concentrix to $165 From $174  Maintains Outperform R.. MT 2022 Barrington Research Lowers Concentrix's Price Target to $174 From $183  Maintains Outpe.. MT 2022 Barrington Lowers Concentrix's PT to $183 From $202 After Interest Expense  Currency Co.. MT,positive,0.64,0.35,0.0,positive,0.74,0.25,0.0,True,English,"['Diversified Global CX Leader', 'Concentrix', 'Webhelp', 'Growth', 'robust, well-balanced global footprints', 'first year Conference call', '$550B+ growing CX market', 'leading global CX provider', '200+ new economy clients', 'Concentrix’ domestic sales presence', 'Diversified Global CX Leader', 'pro forma combined company', 'attractive growing markets', 'leading global provider', '25+ Fortune Global 500', 'multiple email addresses', 'Groupe Bruxelles Lambert', 'Compelling Strategic Benefits', 'marquee client list', 'robust revenue stream', 'complementary global presence', 'robust global footprint', '320 new economy clients', 'diversified revenue contribution', '155 Fortune Global 500 clients', 'global reach', 'fiscal year', 'Concentrix’ presence', 'CX) services', 'new journey', 'strong client', 'First name', '25 new countries', 'dynamic market', 'complementary cultures', 'complementary portfolio', 'combined organization', 'combined entity', 'Required fields', 'Latin America', 'high-value services', 'GAAP EPS', 'GLOBE NEWSWIRE', 'customer experience', 'net debt', 'payment services', '2023 annual revenues', 'best brands', 'key milestone', 'two companies', 'Chris Caldwell', 'fanatical focus', 'impressive toolkit', 'next chapter', 'human’ mentality', 'ambitious plans', 'precious assets', 'incredible companies', 'complete range', 'Olivier Duha', 'Ian Gallienne', 'majority stakeholder', 'remarkable development', 'transformative force', 'substantial value', 'digital services', 'consumer expectations', 'North America', 'Asia Pacific', 'broad set', 'two entities', 'digital capabilities', 'game-changing leader', 'broad capabilities', 'Concentrix’ position', 'Concentrix Corporation', 'revenue growth', 'valued clients', '2,000 amazing clients', 'delivery footprint', '12 additional countries', 'African footprint', 'continued success', 'growth story', 'innovative technology', '1,000 clients', '2,000 clients', '70 countries', 'Webhelp', '11pm', 'commas', 'Message', 'Europe', 'breadth', 'support', 'staff', 'profitability', 'NEWARK', 'Calif.', 'March', 'Nasdaq', 'CNXC', 'technologies', 'agreement', 'transaction', 'marketing', 'world', 'combination', 'vision', 'President', 'CEO', 'forces', 'recognized', 'values', 'people', 'strengths', 'industry', 'design', 'future', 'heart', 'solutions', 'attractiveness', 'talent', 'Co-founder', 'GBL', 'investment', 'part', 'marketplace', 'stakeholders', 'scale', 'Americas', 'offerings', '5:00', '2019']",2023-03-29,2023-03-30,marketscreener.com
21718,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/AKASTOR-ASA-1413081/news/Akastor-Notice-And-Proxy-Of-Annual-General-Meeting-2023-43363214/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230329,Akastor : Notice And Proxy Of Annual General Meeting 2023,(marketscreener.com)   Notice of Annual General Meeting of Akastor ASA   Notice is hereby given of the annual general meeting of Akastor ASA. The annual general meeting will be held on Wednesday 19 April 2023 at 10:00 a.m. CEST as a digital meeting with …,"Akastor : Notice And Proxy Of Annual General Meeting 2023 03/29/2023 | 02:16am EDT Send by mail :Name : First name : From * : To * : (You can enter multiple email addresses separated by commas) Message : * Required fields Notice of Annual General Meeting of Akastor ASA Notice is hereby given of the annual general meeting of Akastor ASA. The annual general meeting will be held on Wednesday 19 April 2023 at 10:00 a.m. CEST as a digital meeting (in English) with electronic voting an no physical attendance for shareholders. Shareholders wishing to at-tend the general meeting  are invited to follow this via webcast and cast votes electronically in the meeting. Alternatively  shareholders can vote electronically in advance of the meeting or vote by way of using a power of attorney. Please see further information under section ""Participation"" and guideline for digital attendance available on the company's website. The following matters are on the agenda of the meeting: 1. Opening of the annual general meeting  by the chairperson (no voting)2. Approval of summons and agenda3. Appointment of a person to co-sign the minutes of meeting along with the chairperson4. Information about the business (no voting)5. Approval of the 2022 annual accounts of Akastor ASA  the group's consolidated accounts and the board of directors' report6. Consideration of the board of directors' corporate governance statement (no voting) The corporate governance statement is included in the 2022 annual report7. Advisory vote on the board of directors' report on remuneration to the executive management8. Approval of remuneration to the members of the board of directors and the audit committee9. Approval of remuneration to the members of the nomination committee10. Approval of remuneration to the auditor for 202211. Election of shareholder-elected directors to the board of directors of Akastor ASA12. Election of deputy member to the nomination committee13. Authorization to the board of directors to purchase treasury shares in connection with acquisitions  mergers  demergers or other transactions14. Authorization to the board of directors to purchase treasury shares in connection with share purchase and incentive programs for employees15. Authorization to the board of directors to purchase treasury shares for the purpose of investment or for subsequent sale or deletion of such shares16. Authorization to the board of directors to approve distribution of dividends The shares of the company and the right to vote for shares The company's share capital is NOK 162 208 000 divided into 274 000 000 shares  each having a par value of NOK 0.592. There are no limitations for voting rights set out in the articles of association  however  no voting rights may be exercised for the company's own shares (treasury shares) or for shares held by the company's subsidiaries. As of 29 March 2023  the company holds 1 813 974 own shares. Each share is entitled to one vote. Pursuant to section 9 of the articles of association and section 5-12 of the Norwegian Public Limited Liability Companies Act  the general meeting will be opened and chaired by the chairperson of the board of directors  Frank Ove Reite  or a person appointed by him. Each shareholder has the right to vote for the number of shares owned by the shareholder and registered on an account in the Norwegian Central Securities Depository (VPS) belonging to the shareholder at the time of the general meeting. If a shareholder has acquired shares and the share acquisition has not been registered with the Norwegian Central Securities Depository at the time of the general meeting  voting rights for the acquired shares may only be exercised if the acquisition is reported to the VPS and proven at the general meeting. In case of ownership transfer  the parties may agree that the seller can exercise the shareholder rights until the rights have been assumed by the acquirer. Voting rights on shares registered in VPS accounts belonging to custodians  cf. the Norwegian Public Limited Liability Companies Act section 4-10  may  from the company's point of view  neither be exercised by the beneﬁcial owner nor the custodian. However  the beneﬁcial owner of the shares may exercise voting rights if he proves that he has taken the necessary actions to terminate the custodianship of the shares and that the shares will be transferred to an ordinary VPS account in the name of the owner. If the owner can prove that he has initiated such measures and that he has a real shareholder interest in the company  he may  in the opinion of the company  vote for the shares even if they are not yet registered in an ordinary VPS account. The shareholders' rights A shareholder cannot demand that new items are added to the agenda when the deadline for such request has expired  cf. section 5-11 second sentence of the Norwegian Public Limited Liability Companies Act. A shareholder has the right to make proposals for a resolution regarding the items which will be considered by the general meeting. A shareholder has the right to require board members and the general manager to provide necessary information to the general meeting that may inﬂuence: 1. the approval of the annual accounts and the annual report;2. items which have been presented to the shareholders for decision; and3. the company's ﬁnancial position  including information on other companies in which the company participates  and other items to be considered at the general meeting  unless the information requested may not be disclosed without causing disproportionate damage to the company. If additional information is necessary  and an answer cannot be given at the general meeting  a written answer shall be prepared within two weeks from the date of the general meeting. Such answer shall be available to the shareholders at the company's premises and be sent to shareholders requesting the information. If the answer is considered material for evaluation of the circumstances mentioned in the previous paragraph  the answer should be sent to all shareholders with known address. Participation The annual general meeting will be held as a digital meeting via Lumi AGM on web.lumiagm.com/198113831. Click on the link or copy the URL to your browser to attend at the general meeting. Akastor ASA meeting ID will be: 136-256-325. By participating online via Lumi AGM shareholders can vote on each agenda item  submit written questions from smartphones  tablets or stationary devices as well as follow live webcast (in English). No pre-registration is required for shareholders who want to participate  but shareholders must be logged on before the general meeting starts. Please note that it will not be possible to log on to the meeting after it has started. We therefore encourage shareholders to log in well in advance of the general meeting. The general meeting is open for login one hour before start-up. Secure identiﬁcation of shareholders will be done using the PIN code and reference number listed on the attached form or on the shareholder's account in VPS Investor Services. More information and guideline regarding digital participation via Lumi AGM is available onwww.akastor.com. Voting prior to the general meeting Instead of participating online  shareholders may prior to the annual general meeting vote in advance electronically on each agenda item via the company's websitewww.akastor.comor via ""Investortjenester"" (Investor services) (PIN code and reference number from this notice of annual general meeting is required). Advance voting must be submitted by April 18  2023 at 08:00 a.m. (CEST). Up until the deadline  votes already cast may be changed or withdrawn. Shareholders who wish to vote at the general meeting by using a proxy  can submit this via the company's websitewww.akastor.com  or via ""Investortjenester"" (Investor services)  a service oﬀered by most registrars in Norway  or by completing and returning the enclosed proxy form scanned by email togenf@dnb.no  or alternatively by post to DNB Bank ASA  Registrar's Department  P.O. Box 1600 Sentrum  0021 Oslo  Norway. The proxy form must be received no later than Tuesday April 18  at 8:00 a.m. CEST. Proxy with or without voting instructions can  if desirable  be given to the chairperson of the board of directors  Frank Ove Reite  or the person he appoints. Form for proxy  with further instructions is attached to this notice. Shareholders that choose to log in to the digital meeting via Lumi AGM even if they have voted in advance or given a proxy  with or without voting instructions  will not have the opportunity to vote on the items. Electronic Investor Information and change of address Akastor urges shareholders to receive investor messages from the Norwegian Central Securities Depository (Euronext VPS) electronically  both from an environmental and cost perspective. To receive investor information electronically  including invitations to general meetings and change of address  visit your online bank or euronextvps.no (log in via myVPS in the top-right corner). *** The following documents will be available atwww.akastor.com: - this notice and the enclosed form for notice of attendance/proxy- the board of directors' proposed resolutions for the annual general meeting for the items listed above- report regarding remuneration to executive management- the proposal from the nomination committee- the board of directors' proposed 2022 annual report  with ﬁnancial statements  annual accounts  board of directors' report  corporate governance statement and auditor's report- ESG report for 2022- guideline for online participation Any shareholder who wants to receive the documents can contact eirik.thomassen@akastor.com. March 29  2023 Akastor ASA The Board of Directors Enclosure: Notice of Attendance/Proxy Notice of Annual General Meeting The annual general meeting of Akastor ASA will be held as a digital meeting on Wednesday April 19  2023  at 10:00 a.m. CEST (virtual). PIN code: Ref no: IMPORTANT MESSAGE: The Annual General Meeting will be held as a digital meeting only  with no physical attendance for shareholders. Please log in at https://web.lumiagm.com/136256325 You must identify yourself using the reference number and PIN code from VPS that you will ﬁnd in investor services (Corporate Actions - General Meeting - ISIN) or sent you by post (for non-electronic actors) Shareholders can also get their reference number and PIN code by contacting DNB Bank Registrars Department by phone +47 23 26 80 20 (8:00-a.m. to 3:30 p.m. ) or by e-mail genf@dnb.no. On the company's web page www.akastor.com you will ﬁnd an online guide describing more in detail how you as a shareholder can participate in the virtual meeting. Deadline for registration of advance votes  proxies and instructions: April 18  2023  at 8:00 CEST Advance votes The Company accepts advance voting for the general meeting. Advance votes may only be executed electronically  through the Company's website www.akastor. com (use ref and pin code above) or through VPS Investor Services (where you are identiﬁed and do not need ref.nr. and PIN Code). Choose Corporate Actions - General Meeting  click on ISIN. Notice of attendance The annual general meeting will be held digitally  and it will not be possible to attend in person. Pre-registration is not required to participate. Please see the separate guideline for information on how to participate. Shareholders must be logged in before the meeting starts. Note that if you are not logged in before the general meeting starts  you will not be able to attend. Log in starts an hour before. Please note that shareholders who do not wish to participate online or vote in advance can give proxy to another person. Information on how this can be done follows: _ _ _ _ _____________ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ Proxy (without voting instructions) PIN code: Ref no: Proxy should be registered through the Company's websitewww.akastor.comor through VPS Investor Services. For granting proxy through the Company's website  the above-mentioned reference number and PIN code must be stated. In VPS Investor Services choose Corporate Actions - General Meeting - ISIN. Alternatively you may send this form by e-mail togenf@dnb.no  or by regular Mail to DNB Bank ASA  Registrars Department  P.O.Box 1600 Centrum  0021 Oslo  Norway. The proxy must be received no later than April 18  2023  at 08:00 a.m. CEST. The form must be dated and signed in order to be valid. If you do not state the name of the proxy holder  the proxy will be given to the Chair of the Board of Directors or an individual authorized by him. The undersigned hereby grants: (tick one of the two): _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ the chairperson of the board of directors (or a person authorized by him)  or _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ Name of proxy holder (in capital letters) NB: Proxy holder must send an e-mail togenf@dnb.nofor log in details a proxy to attend and vote my/our shares at the annual general meeting of Akastor ASA on April 19  2023. _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ Place Date Shareholder's signature (Signature only when granting proxy) With regard to rights of attendance and voting  reference is made to the Norwegian Public Limited Liability Companies Act  in particular chapter 5. If the share-holder is a company  the company's certiﬁcate of registration must be attached to the proxy. Proxy (with voting instructions) PIN code: Ref no: If you are unable to attend the meeting  you may use this proxy form to give voting instructions to Chair of the Board of Directors or the person authorized by him. (Alternatively  you may vote electronically in advance  see separate section above.) For instruction to other Proxy holders  submit a Proxy without voting instructions and agreed directly with the proxy holder how votes should be cast. Proxies with voting instructions to Chair of The Board of Directors cannot be submitted electronically  and must be sent to genf@dnb.no (scanned form) or by regular Mail to DNB Bank ASA  Registrars' Department  P.O.Box 1600 Centrum  0021 Oslo  Norway. The form must be received by DNB Bank ASA  Registrars' Department no later than April 18  2023  at 08:00 a.m CEST. Proxies with voting instructions must be dated and signed to be valid. The undersigned hereby grants the chairperson of the board of directors (or a person authorized by him) a proxy to attend and vote my/our shares at the annual general meeting of Akastor ASA on April 19  2023. The votes shall be exercised in accordance with the instructions below. Please note that if any items below are not voted on (not ticked oﬀ)  this will be deemed to be an instruction to vote ""for"" the proposals in the notice. However  if any motions are made from the ﬂoor in addition to or replacement of the proposals in the notice  the proxy holder may vote or abstain from voting at his discretion. In such case  the proxy holder will vote on the basis of his reasonable understanding of the motion. The same applies if there is any doubt as to how the instructions should be understood. Where no such reasonable interpretation is possible  the proxy holder may abstain from voting. Against 1. Opening of the annual general meeting  by the chairperson No voting 2. Approval of summons and agenda 3. Appointment of a person to co-sign the minutes of meeting along with the chairperson 4. Information about the business No voting 5. Approval of the 2022 annual accounts of Akastor ASA  the group's consolidated accounts and the board of directors' report 6. Consideration of the board of directors' corporate governance statement No voting 7. Advisory vote on the board of directors' report on remuneration to the executive management 8. Approval of remuneration to the members of the board of directors and the audit committee 9. Approval of remuneration to the members of the nomination committee Agenda Annual General Meeting 2023 For Abstention 10. Approval of remuneration to the auditor for 202211. Election of shareholder-elected directors to the board of directors of Akastor ASA12. Election of deputy member to the nomination committee13. Authorization to the board of directors to purchase treasury shares in connection with acquisitions  mergers  demergers or other transactions14. Authorization to the board of directors to purchase treasury shares in connection with share purchase and incentive programs for employees15. Authorization to the board of directors to purchase treasury shares for the purpose of investment or for subsequent sale or deletion of such shares16. Authorization to the board of directors to approve distribution of dividends _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ Place Date Shareholder's signature (Only for granting proxy with voting instruction) With regard to rights of attendance and voting  reference is made to the Norwegian Public Limited Liability Companies Act  in particular chapter 5. If the shareholder is a company  the company's certiﬁcate of registration must be attached to the proxy. Attachments Original LinkOriginal DocumentPermalink Disclaimer Akastor ASA published this content on 29 March 2023 and is solely responsible for the information contained therein. Distributed by Public  unedited and unaltered  on 29 March 2023 06:15:19 UTC.© Publicnow 2023 All news about AKASTOR ASA 03/29 Akastor : ESG Report 2022 PU 03/29 Akastor : Notice And Proxy Of Annual General Meeting 2023 PU 03/29 Akastor : Proposal From The Nomination Committee Of Akastor 2023 PU 03/29 Akastor : Corporate Governance Statement 2022 PU 03/29 Akastor : Annual Report 2022 PU 03/24 Akastor : Guide For Online Participation AGM 2023 PU 03/24 Akastor : Proposed Resolutions From The Board Of Directors 2023 PU 03/20 Akastor to Sell AGR Stake to ABL Group in NOK353 Million Deal MT 03/20 Abl Group Asa : ABL Group to acquire AGR AQ 03/20 ABL Group ASA (OB:ABL) agreed to acquire AGR Petroleum Services Holdin.. CI",neutral,0.0,0.99,0.0,neutral,0.02,0.97,0.01,True,English,"['Annual General Meeting', 'Akastor', 'Notice', 'Proxy', 'Norwegian Public Limited Liability Companies Act', 'Norwegian Central Securities Depository', 'multiple email addresses', 'corporate governance statement', 'Frank Ove Reite', 'beneﬁcial owner', 'ordinary VPS account', 'real shareholder interest', 'Annual General Meeting', 'Akastor ASA Notice', '2022 annual accounts', '2022 annual report', 'digital meeting', 'Wednesday 19 April', 'physical attendance', 'digital attendance', 'following matters', 'consolidated accounts', 'Advisory vote', 'executive management', 'audit committee', 'nomination committee', 'deputy member', 'other transactions', 'incentive programs', 'subsequent sale', 'par value', 'one vote', 'ownership transfer', 'VPS accounts', 'necessary actions', 'share purchase', 'share capital', 'electronic voting', 'voting rights', 'new items', 'First name', ""directors' report"", 'shareholder-elected directors', 'share acquisition', 'treasury shares', 'shareholder rights', ""shareholders' rights"", '274 000 000 shares', 'Proxy', 'commas', 'Message', 'fields', '10:00 a', 'English', 'webcast', 'votes', 'advance', 'way', 'power', 'attorney', 'information', 'section', 'Participation', 'guideline', 'company', 'website', 'agenda', 'Opening', 'chairperson', 'Approval', 'summons', 'Appointment', 'minutes', 'business', 'group', 'board', 'Consideration', 'remuneration', 'members', 'auditor', 'Election', 'Authorization', 'connection', 'acquisitions', 'mergers', 'employees', 'purpose', 'investment', 'deletion', 'distribution', 'dividends', 'NOK', 'limitations', 'articles', 'association', 'subsidiaries', '29 March', 'number', 'time', 'case', 'parties', 'seller', 'acquirer', 'custodians', 'view', 'measures', 'opinion', 'deadline', 'request', 'proposals', 'resolution', '1 813 974']",2023-03-29,2023-03-30,marketscreener.com
21719,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/CONCENTRIX-CORPORATION-115248422/news/Concentrix-to-Combine-with-Webhelp-Creating-a-Diversified-Global-CX-Leader-Well-Positioned-for-Gro-43373155/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230329,Concentrix to Combine with Webhelp  Creating a Diversified Global CX Leader  Well-Positioned for Growth,(marketscreener.com)  Enhances Concentrix’ position as a leader in $550B+ growing CX marketAdds clients in attractive growing markets  further diversifying our marquee client listSignificantly expands footprint in Europe  Latin America  and AfricaExpands bre…,Enhances Concentrix’ position as a leader in $550B+ growing CX marketAdds clients in attractive growing markets  further diversifying our marquee client listSignificantly expands footprint in Europe  Latin America  and AfricaExpands breadth and global reach of high-value services and digital capabilitiesStrengthens support for clients and staff  combining complementary culturesAccretive to revenue growth  profitability  and non-GAAP EPS in first yearConference call today at 5:00 PM EDTNEWARK  Calif.  March 29  2023 (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) -- Concentrix Corporation (Nasdaq: CNXC)  a leading global provider of customer experience (CX) services and technologies  today announced they have entered into an agreement to combine with Webhelp in a transaction valued at approximately $4.8 billion  including net debt. Webhelp is a recognized leader in the market  specializing in CX  sales  marketing  and payment services with a strong client and delivery footprint in Europe  Latin America  and Africa. The combined company  with approximately $9.8 billion in estimated pro forma 2023 annual revenues and a complementary global presence  will be uniquely positioned to grow faster than the market and transform customer experiences with innovative technology for the world’s best brands.This combination marks a key milestone for the two companies  as they come together with a complementary culture  footprint  capabilities  and vision. Chris Caldwell  President and CEO of Concentrix  will lead the combined organization. “We are honored and excited to join forces with Webhelp  a recognized and game-changing leader in Europe  Latin America  and Africa that shares our culture  values and fanatical focus on people and the success of our valued clients. As we embark on this new journey together  we will have the most impressive toolkit of high-value services and digital capabilities  and a complementary portfolio of approximately 2 000 amazing clients with a diversified and robust revenue stream. With our combined strengths  we will be uniquely positioned to redefine the industry and design  build and run the future of CX ” said Chris Caldwell.“I am excited to begin the next chapter as we come together  aligned in our culture  ‘think human’ mentality  and ambitious plans for the future. I’ve always said that Webhelp’s most precious assets are our clients and our people. Blending strengths of both incredible companies will allow us to keep clients at the heart by offering them the most complete range of solutions  while improving our attractiveness toward talent and investing in technology ” said Olivier Duha  Co-founder and CEO of Webhelp.Ian Gallienne  CEO of Groupe Bruxelles Lambert (“GBL”)  the majority stakeholder in Webhelp since 2019  said  “Following the remarkable development of Webhelp since our investment in 2019  GBL is looking forward to being part of the continued success and growth story that lies ahead. The combined entity will be a leading and transformative force in the marketplace  positioned to create substantial value for all stakeholders.”Compelling Strategic BenefitsEnhances Concentrix’ position as a leader in $550B+ growing CX market. Webhelp is a CX leader in Europe  Latin America  and Africa. The pro forma combined company is expected to have $9.8 billion in revenue for fiscal year 2023. The combination is expected to create a leading global CX provider with broad capabilities across digital services and technology  delivered at scale  positioned to accelerate growth in a dynamic market of rapidly changing consumer expectations.Adds clients in attractive growing markets  further diversifying our marquee client list. Webhelp will add approximately 1 000 clients to Concentrix  including 25+ Fortune Global 500 and 200+ new economy clients. The combined company will have approximately 2 000 clients  including 155 Fortune Global 500 clients and 320 new economy clients. Webhelp’s clients are predominantly based outside of North America  and Webhelp will expand Concentrix’ domestic sales presence into 12 additional countries.Significantly expands footprint in Europe  Latin America  and Africa. The transaction establishes one of the most robust  well-balanced global footprints in the industry  enhancing Concentrix’ presence in Europe and Latin America  and establishing its African footprint  all at scale. Webhelp adds over 25 new countries to Concentrix and the combined company will have a robust global footprint across more than 70 countries  with a diversified revenue contribution nearly evenly split between the Americas  Europe  and Asia Pacific.Expands breadth and global reach of high-value services and digital capabilities. The transaction brings together a broad set of offerings combining the digital capabilities of the two entities to better serve the needs of our clients with high-value services. The combined organization will have robust platforms meeting the needs of the strategic verticals it serves. Additionally  the combination is also expected to accelerate Concentrix Catalyst’s global reach by adding Webhelp’s engineering talent in Europe and Latin America.Strengthens support for clients and staff  combining complementary cultures. Both Concentrix and Webhelp have been recognized as leaders globally by Great Places to Work and Comparably. In addition  both companies have earned hundreds of awards for ESG and staff environment  well-being  diversity  and engagement as well as hundreds of client partner of choice awards within the last three years.Accretive to revenue growth  profitability  and non-GAAP EPS in first year. The combination enhances an already attractive financial profile through accretion to revenue growth  profitability  and non-GAAP diluted earnings per share (“EPS”). Webhelp is expected to generate approximately $3.0 billion of revenue and $500 million of adjusted EBITDA in 2023  reflecting over 8% organic constant currency growth. The transaction is expected to be accretive to non-GAAP EPS in the first full year  with double-digit accretion to non-GAAP EPS in the second full year.Transaction Details:Concentrix has entered into a binding put option agreement to combine with Webhelp. Upon completion of customary works council consultations  the parties will enter into a definitive purchase agreement.Under the terms of the agreement  Concentrix will acquire 100% of the shares of Webhelp. Shareholders of Webhelp will receive 14.9 million shares of Concentrix  €500 million of cash proceeds  and a €700 million note payable in two years  bearing an interest rate of 2%  with the right to earn an additional 0.75 million shares of Concentrix if the Concentrix share price reaches $170.00 per share within seven years from the closing of the transaction (based on daily volume weighted average prices measured over a specified period). Additionally  Webhelp’s targeted net debt of approximately €1.55 billion will be refinanced when the transaction closes.Upon closing of the transaction  Concentrix shareholders will own approximately 78% of the combined company with Webhelp shareholders owning approximately 22%.Maintaining its commitment to a diverse board of directors  the combined company will have a ten-member board  including two new board members that are expected to be Olivier Duha as Vice Chair of the Board and Nicolas Gheysens  as a representative of GBL.Cost synergy benefits are expected to be $75 million in the first full year after closing  achieving a minimum of $120 million  net of investments  by the third full year.The combined company will benefit from a strong financial foundation and an investment grade profile  generating strong free cash flows. At close  Concentrix is expected to have approximately $5.1 billion of total debt outstanding  consisting of newly issued senior notes  the €700 million note payable  and its existing credit and accounts receivable securitization facilities. Based on estimated pro forma adjusted EBITDA of approximately $1.6 billion in 2023 and expected net debt of approximately $4.9 billion at close  net debt-to-adjusted EBITDA is expected to be approximately 3x at transaction close and is expected to decrease to close to 2x within two years (excluding any future acquisitions).Total transaction value of $4.8 billion and expected 2023 Webhelp revenue and adjusted EBITDA are based on an assumed exchange rate of 1.08 USD/EUR. The transaction value also reflects a Concentrix share price of $120.00 per share.The transaction is expected to close by the end of the year  subject to customary closing conditions  including approval by Concentrix shareholders and regulatory approvals. Certain shareholders of the company  including MiTAC International Corporation  which collectively owned approximately 15% of Concentrix common stock as of March 29  2023  have agreed to vote their shares in favor of the transaction. Until the transaction is completed  the companies will continue to operate independently.Conference Call and Webcast:A conference call will be held to discuss the transaction and Concentrix’ first quarter financial results on Wednesday  March 29  2023  at 5:00 PM (ET) / 2:00 PM (PT)The live conference call will be webcast in listen-only mode in the Investor Relations section of the Concentrix website under “Events and Presentations” at https://ir.concentrix.com/events-and-presentations.A replay will also be available on the website following the conference call.About ConcentrixWe’re Concentrix (Nasdaq: CNXC)  a leading global provider of customer experience (CX) solutions and technology. We reimagine everything CX to improve business performance for some of the world’s best brands  and the ones that are changing the world as we know it. Every day  we Design  Build and Run CX for over 130 Fortune Global 500 and 125 new economy clients. Whether it’s a specific solution or the whole end-to-end journey  we’ve got it covered. We’re the strategic thinkers who design brand-defining experiences. The tech geeks who build smarter solutions. And the operational experts who run it all and make it work seamlessly. Across 40 countries and 6 continents  we provide services across key industry verticals: technology & consumer electronics; retail  travel & ecommerce; banking  financial services & insurance; healthcare; communications & media; automotive; and energy & public sector. Location: Virtually Everywhere. Visit www.concentrix.com to learn more.About WebhelpWebhelp designs  delivers  and optimizes unforgettable human experiences for today’s digital world – creating game-changing customer journeys. From sales to service  content moderation to credit management  Webhelp is an end-to-end partner across all B2C and B2B customer journeys. Almost 125 000 passionate employees across 58 countries thrive on making a difference for the world’s most exciting brands. Webhelp is currently owned by its management and GBL  a leading global investment holding  as of November 2019. For more information on Webhelp  visit www.webhelp.com.About Groupe Bruxelles LambertGroupe Bruxelles Lambert (“GBL”) is an established investment holding company  with over sixty years of stock exchange listing and a net asset value of €17.8bn at the end of December 2022. As a leading and active investor in Europe  GBL focuses on long-term value creation with the support of a stable family shareholder base. As a responsible company and investor  GBL perceives ESG factors as being inextricably linked to value creation. GBL aims to grow its diversified high-quality portfolio of listed  private and alternative investments.GBL is focused on delivering meaningful growth by providing attractive returns to its shareholders through a combination of growth in its net asset value  a sustainable dividend and share buybacks.GBL is listed on Euronext Brussels (Ticker: GBLB BB; ISIN code: BE0003797140) and is included in the BEL20 index. Visit www.gbl.be to learn more.Use of Non-GAAP InformationWe refer to certain non-GAAP financial measures in this press release  including:Non-GAAP diluted earnings per common share (“EPS”)  which is diluted EPS excluding the per share  tax effected impact of acquisition-related and integration expenses  including related restructuring costs  amortization of intangible assets and share-based compensation.Adjusted earnings before interest  taxes  depreciation  and amortization  or adjusted EBITDA  which is operating income  adjusted to exclude acquisition-related and integration expenses  including related restructuring costs  amortization of intangible assets  and share-based compensation  plus depreciation.We believe that providing this additional information is useful to the reader to better assess and understand base operating performance  especially when comparing results with previous periods and for planning and forecasting in future periods  primarily because management typically monitors the business adjusted for these items in addition to GAAP results. As these non-GAAP financial measures are not calculated in accordance with GAAP  they may not necessarily be comparable to similarly titled measures employed by other companies. These non-GAAP financial measures should not be considered in isolation or as a substitute for the comparable GAAP measures and should be used as a complement to  and in conjunction with  data presented in accordance with GAAP. A reconciliation of these forward-looking non-GAAP financial measures to the most directly comparable GAAP financial measures is not provided because we are unable to provide such reconciliation without unreasonable effort  due to the uncertainty and inherent difficulty of predicting the occurrence and the financial impact of such items and the periods in which such items may be recognized. For the same reasons  we are unable to address the probable significance of the unavailable information  which could be material to future results.A quantitative reconciliation of the pro forma adjusted EBITDA to the most directly comparable GAAP measures cannot be provided without unreasonable efforts due to the forward-looking nature of the adjustments  and their inherent variability. For the same reason  Concentrix is unable to address the probable significance of the unavailable information  which may have a material impact on expected GAAP results.Additional Information and Where to Find ItIn connection with the proposed transaction between Concentrix Corporation (“Concentrix”) and Webhelp  Concentrix plans to file relevant materials with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the “SEC”)  including a proxy statement on Schedule 14A. Promptly after filing its definitive proxy statement with the SEC  Concentrix will mail the definitive proxy statement to each stockholder entitled to vote at the special meeting relating to the transaction. This communication does not constitute an offer to sell or the solicitation of an offer to buy any securities or a solicitation of any vote or approval. INVESTORS AND STOCKHOLDERS ARE URGED TO CAREFULLY READ THE PROXY STATEMENT (INCLUDING ANY AMENDMENTS OR SUPPLEMENTS THERETO AND ANY DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE THEREIN) AND ANY OTHER RELEVANT DOCUMENTS IN CONNECTION WITH THE TRANSACTION THAT CONCENTRIX WILL FILE WITH THE SEC WHEN THEY BECOME AVAILABLE BECAUSE THEY WILL CONTAIN IMPORTANT INFORMATION ABOUT THE TRANSACTION AND THE PARTIES TO THE TRANSACTION. The definitive proxy statement  the preliminary proxy statement  and other relevant materials in connection with the transaction (when they become available) and any other documents filed by Concentrix with the SEC  may be obtained free of charge at the SEC’s website (www.sec.gov) and Concentrix’ website at www.concentrix.com.Participants in the SolicitationConcentrix and its directors and executive officers may be deemed  under SEC rules  to be participants in the solicitation of proxies from Concentrix’ stockholders in connection with the transaction. Information regarding the interests of such individuals in the proposed transaction will be included in the proxy statement relating to such transaction when it is filed with the SEC. You may obtain information about Concentrix’ executive officers and directors in Concentrix’ definitive proxy statement for its 2023 annual meeting of stockholders  which was filed with the SEC on February 9  2023. To the extent holdings of such participants in Concentrix’ securities are not reported  or have changed since the amounts described in the proxy statement for the 2023 annual meeting of stockholders  such changes have been reflected on Statements of Change in Ownership on Form 4 filed with the SEC. These documents may be obtained free of charge from the SEC’s website at www.sec.gov and Concentrix’ website at www.concentrix.com.Information for U.S. Persons Holding Webhelp SharesThis proposed business combination is made for the securities of a non-U.S. company. The offer is subject to disclosure and procedural requirements in France and other non-U.S. jurisdictions that are different from those of the United States. The transaction will be structured to comply with the securities laws and regulations in France  the United States and other applicable jurisdictions that are applicable to transactions of this type.It may be difficult for U.S. holders of Webhelp shares to enforce their rights and any claims they may have arising under the federal securities laws of the United States  since Webhelp is incorporated in a non-U.S. jurisdiction  and some or all of its officers and directors may be residents of a non-U.S. jurisdiction. U.S. holders may not be able to sue a non-U.S. company or its officers or directors in a non-U.S. court for violations of the U.S. securities laws. Further  it may be difficult to compel a non-U.S. company and its affiliates to subject themselves to a U.S. court's judgment.Safe Harbor StatementThis news release includes forward-looking statements within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933 and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934. Forward-looking statements include  but are not limited to  statements regarding the combination with Webhelp and the timing thereof  including works council consultations  regulatory approvals and the satisfaction of other closing conditions and the timing thereof  the expected accretion to revenue growth  profitability and non-GAAP EPS and the pace thereof  the estimated size of the transaction and the combined company  including estimated pro forma revenues in 2023  the expected revenue and adjusted EBITDA contributions of the Webhelp business to the Company  the expected growth of the Webhelp business  the expected debt profile and cash flows of the combined company  the pro forma adjusted EBITDA and net debt of the combined company  the expected cost synergies to be achieved from the transaction  and the pro forma ownership structure of the combined company  statements regarding the Company’s expected future financial condition and results of operations  including revenue  operating income  profit margins  effective tax rate and leverage  and statements that include words such as believe  expect  may  will  provide  could and should and other similar expressions. These forward-looking statements are inherently uncertain and involve substantial risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from those expressed or implied by such statements. Risks and uncertainties include  among other things: risks related to the proposed transaction  including that the proposed transaction will not be consummated; the ability to receive shareholder approval and regulatory approvals for the proposed transaction in a timely manner  on acceptable terms or at all  or to satisfy the other closing conditions to the proposed transaction; conditions in the credit markets and the ability to obtain financing for the proposed transaction on a favorable basis if at all; the ability to retain key employees and successfully integrate the Webhelp business; our ability to realize estimated cost savings  synergies or other anticipated benefits of the proposed transaction  or that such benefits may take longer to realize than expected; diversion of management’s attention; the potential impact of the announcement or consummation of the proposed acquisition on relationships with clients and other third parties; risks related to general economic conditions  including consumer demand  interest rates  inflation  supply chains and the effects of the conflict in Ukraine; cyberattacks on our  Webhelp’s or our respective clients’ networks and information technology systems; the failure of our or Webhelp’s staff and contractors to adhere to our and our respective clients’ controls and processes; the inability to protect personal and proprietary information; the inability to execute on our digital CX strategy; the loss of key personnel or the inability to attract and retain staff with the skills and expertise needed for our business; increases in the cost of labor; the effects of the COVID-19 pandemic and other communicable diseases  natural disasters  adverse weather conditions or public health crises; geopolitical  economic and climate- or weather-related risks in regions with a significant concentration of the our or Webhelp’s operations; the inability to successfully identify  complete and integrate strategic acquisitions or investments; competitive conditions in our industry and consolidation of our competitors; higher than expected tax liabilities; the demand for CX solutions and technology; variability in demand by our or Webhelp’s clients or the early termination of our or Webhelp’s client contracts; the level of business activity of our or Webhelp’s clients and the market acceptance and performance of their products and services; currency exchange rate fluctuations; the operability of our or Webhelp’s communication services and information technology systems and networks; changes in law  regulations or regulatory guidance; damage to our or Webhelp’s reputation through the actions or inactions of third parties; investigative or legal actions; and other factors contained in the Company’s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended November 30  2022 filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission and subsequent SEC filings. The Company does not undertake a duty to update forward-looking statements  which speak only as of the date on which they are made.Copyright 2023 Concentrix CorporationAll rights reserved. Concentrix  the Concentrix logo  and all other Concentrix company  product and services names and slogans are trademarks or registered trademarks of Concentrix Corporation and its subsidiaries. Concentrix and the Concentrix logo Reg. U.S. Pat. & Tm. Off. and applicable non-U.S. jurisdictions. Other names and marks are the property of their respective owners.Investor Contact: David Stein Investor Relations Concentrix Corporation +1-513-703-9306 david.stein@concentrix.com,positive,0.64,0.35,0.0,positive,0.76,0.24,0.0,True,English,"['Diversified Global CX Leader', 'Concentrix', 'Webhelp', 'Growth', 'first year Conference call', 'robust, well-balanced global footprints', '$550B+ growing CX market', '200+ new economy clients', 'leading global CX provider', 'Concentrix’ domestic sales presence', 'pro forma combined company', 'attractive growing markets', 'leading global provider', 'Groupe Bruxelles Lambert', '25+ Fortune Global 500', 'marquee client list', 'Compelling Strategic Benefits', 'robust revenue stream', 'complementary global presence', '320 new economy clients', 'robust global footprint', '155 Fortune Global 500 clients', 'diversified revenue contribution', 'fiscal year', 'robust platforms', 'global reach', 'Concentrix’ presence', 'new journey', 'strong client', 'CX) services', 'strategic verticals', '25 new countries', 'dynamic market', 'complementary cultures', 'complementary portfolio', 'combined entity', 'Latin America', 'high-value services', 'GAAP EPS', 'GLOBE NEWSWIRE', 'customer experience', 'net debt', 'payment services', '2023 annual revenues', 'best brands', 'key milestone', 'two companies', 'Chris Caldwell', 'fanatical focus', 'impressive toolkit', 'next chapter', 'human’ mentality', 'ambitious plans', 'precious assets', 'incredible companies', 'complete range', 'Olivier Duha', 'Ian Gallienne', 'majority stakeholder', 'remarkable development', 'transformative force', 'substantial value', 'digital services', 'consumer expectations', 'North America', 'Asia Pacific', 'broad set', 'two entities', 'CX leader', 'revenue growth', 'Concentrix’ position', 'Concentrix Corporation', 'Concentrix Catalyst', 'digital capabilities', 'broad capabilities', 'delivery footprint', 'growth story', '12 additional countries', 'African footprint', 'combined organization', 'valued clients', '2,000 amazing clients', 'continued success', 'game-changing leader', 'innovative technology', '70 countries', '1,000 clients', '2,000 clients', 'Europe', 'breadth', 'support', 'staff', 'profitability', 'NEWARK', 'Calif.', 'Nasdaq', 'CNXC', 'technologies', 'agreement', 'Webhelp', 'transaction', 'marketing', 'world', 'combination', 'vision', 'President', 'CEO', 'forces', 'recognized', 'values', 'people', 'strengths', 'industry', 'design', 'future', 'heart', 'solutions', 'attractiveness', 'talent', 'Co-founder', 'GBL', 'investment', 'part', 'marketplace', 'stakeholders', 'scale', 'Americas', 'offerings', 'needs', '5:00', '2019']",2023-03-29,2023-03-30,marketscreener.com
21720,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2023/03/29/2637153/0/en/Concentrix-to-Combine-with-Webhelp-Creating-a-Diversified-Global-CX-Leader-Well-Positioned-for-Growth.html,Concentrix to Combine with Webhelp  Creating a Diversified Global CX Leader  Well-Positioned for Growth,NEWARK  Calif.  March 29  2023 (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) -- Concentrix Corporation (Nasdaq: CNXC)  a leading global provider of customer experience (CX) services and technologies  today announced they have entered into an agreement to combine with Webhelp in a transac…,Enhances Concentrix’ position as a leader in $550B+ growing CX marketAdds clients in attractive growing markets  further diversifying our marquee client listSignificantly expands footprint in Europe  Latin America  and AfricaExpands breadth and global reach of high-value services and digital capabilitiesStrengthens support for clients and staff  combining complementary culturesAccretive to revenue growth  profitability  and non-GAAP EPS in first yearConference call today at 5:00 PM EDTNEWARK  Calif.  March 29  2023 (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) -- Concentrix Corporation (Nasdaq: CNXC)  a leading global provider of customer experience (CX) services and technologies  today announced they have entered into an agreement to combine with Webhelp in a transaction valued at approximately $4.8 billion  including net debt. Webhelp is a recognized leader in the market  specializing in CX  sales  marketing  and payment services with a strong client and delivery footprint in Europe  Latin America  and Africa. The combined company  with approximately $9.8 billion in estimated pro forma 2023 annual revenues and a complementary global presence  will be uniquely positioned to grow faster than the market and transform customer experiences with innovative technology for the world’s best brands.This combination marks a key milestone for the two companies  as they come together with a complementary culture  footprint  capabilities  and vision. Chris Caldwell  President and CEO of Concentrix  will lead the combined organization. “We are honored and excited to join forces with Webhelp  a recognized and game-changing leader in Europe  Latin America  and Africa that shares our culture  values and fanatical focus on people and the success of our valued clients. As we embark on this new journey together  we will have the most impressive toolkit of high-value services and digital capabilities  and a complementary portfolio of approximately 2 000 amazing clients with a diversified and robust revenue stream. With our combined strengths  we will be uniquely positioned to redefine the industry and design  build and run the future of CX ” said Chris Caldwell.“I am excited to begin the next chapter as we come together  aligned in our culture  ‘think human’ mentality  and ambitious plans for the future. I’ve always said that Webhelp’s most precious assets are our clients and our people. Blending strengths of both incredible companies will allow us to keep clients at the heart by offering them the most complete range of solutions  while improving our attractiveness toward talent and investing in technology ” said Olivier Duha  Co-founder and CEO of Webhelp.Ian Gallienne  CEO of Groupe Bruxelles Lambert (“GBL”)  the majority stakeholder in Webhelp since 2019  said  “Following the remarkable development of Webhelp since our investment in 2019  GBL is looking forward to being part of the continued success and growth story that lies ahead. The combined entity will be a leading and transformative force in the marketplace  positioned to create substantial value for all stakeholders.”Compelling Strategic BenefitsEnhances Concentrix’ position as a leader in $550B+ growing CX market. Webhelp is a CX leader in Europe  Latin America  and Africa. The pro forma combined company is expected to have $9.8 billion in revenue for fiscal year 2023. The combination is expected to create a leading global CX provider with broad capabilities across digital services and technology  delivered at scale  positioned to accelerate growth in a dynamic market of rapidly changing consumer expectations.Adds clients in attractive growing markets  further diversifying our marquee client list. Webhelp will add approximately 1 000 clients to Concentrix  including 25+ Fortune Global 500 and 200+ new economy clients. The combined company will have approximately 2 000 clients  including 155 Fortune Global 500 clients and 320 new economy clients. Webhelp’s clients are predominantly based outside of North America  and Webhelp will expand Concentrix’ domestic sales presence into 12 additional countries.Significantly expands footprint in Europe  Latin America  and Africa. The transaction establishes one of the most robust  well-balanced global footprints in the industry  enhancing Concentrix’ presence in Europe and Latin America  and establishing its African footprint  all at scale. Webhelp adds over 25 new countries to Concentrix and the combined company will have a robust global footprint across more than 70 countries  with a diversified revenue contribution nearly evenly split between the Americas  Europe  and Asia Pacific.Expands breadth and global reach of high-value services and digital capabilities. The transaction brings together a broad set of offerings combining the digital capabilities of the two entities to better serve the needs of our clients with high-value services. The combined organization will have robust platforms meeting the needs of the strategic verticals it serves. Additionally  the combination is also expected to accelerate Concentrix Catalyst’s global reach by adding Webhelp’s engineering talent in Europe and Latin America.Strengthens support for clients and staff  combining complementary cultures. Both Concentrix and Webhelp have been recognized as leaders globally by Great Places to Work and Comparably. In addition  both companies have earned hundreds of awards for ESG and staff environment  well-being  diversity  and engagement as well as hundreds of client partner of choice awards within the last three years.Accretive to revenue growth  profitability  and non-GAAP EPS in first year. The combination enhances an already attractive financial profile through accretion to revenue growth  profitability  and non-GAAP diluted earnings per share (“EPS”). Webhelp is expected to generate approximately $3.0 billion of revenue and $500 million of adjusted EBITDA in 2023  reflecting over 8% organic constant currency growth. The transaction is expected to be accretive to non-GAAP EPS in the first full year  with double-digit accretion to non-GAAP EPS in the second full year.Transaction Details:Concentrix has entered into a binding put option agreement to combine with Webhelp. Upon completion of customary works council consultations  the parties will enter into a definitive purchase agreement.Under the terms of the agreement  Concentrix will acquire 100% of the shares of Webhelp. Shareholders of Webhelp will receive 14.9 million shares of Concentrix  €500 million of cash proceeds  and a €700 million note payable in two years  bearing an interest rate of 2%  with the right to earn an additional 0.75 million shares of Concentrix if the Concentrix share price reaches $170.00 per share within seven years from the closing of the transaction (based on daily volume weighted average prices measured over a specified period). Additionally  Webhelp’s targeted net debt of approximately €1.55 billion will be refinanced when the transaction closes.Upon closing of the transaction  Concentrix shareholders will own approximately 78% of the combined company with Webhelp shareholders owning approximately 22%.Maintaining its commitment to a diverse board of directors  the combined company will have a ten-member board  including two new board members that are expected to be Olivier Duha as Vice Chair of the Board and Nicolas Gheysens  as a representative of GBL.Cost synergy benefits are expected to be $75 million in the first full year after closing  achieving a minimum of $120 million  net of investments  by the third full year.The combined company will benefit from a strong financial foundation and an investment grade profile  generating strong free cash flows. At close  Concentrix is expected to have approximately $5.1 billion of total debt outstanding  consisting of newly issued senior notes  the €700 million note payable  and its existing credit and accounts receivable securitization facilities. Based on estimated pro forma adjusted EBITDA of approximately $1.6 billion in 2023 and expected net debt of approximately $4.9 billion at close  net debt-to-adjusted EBITDA is expected to be approximately 3x at transaction close and is expected to decrease to close to 2x within two years (excluding any future acquisitions).Total transaction value of $4.8 billion and expected 2023 Webhelp revenue and adjusted EBITDA are based on an assumed exchange rate of 1.08 USD/EUR. The transaction value also reflects a Concentrix share price of $120.00 per share.The transaction is expected to close by the end of the year  subject to customary closing conditions  including approval by Concentrix shareholders and regulatory approvals. Certain shareholders of the company  including MiTAC International Corporation  which collectively owned approximately 15% of Concentrix common stock as of March 29  2023  have agreed to vote their shares in favor of the transaction. Until the transaction is completed  the companies will continue to operate independently.Conference Call and Webcast:A conference call will be held to discuss the transaction and Concentrix’ first quarter financial results on Wednesday  March 29  2023  at 5:00 PM (ET) / 2:00 PM (PT)The live conference call will be webcast in listen-only mode in the Investor Relations section of the Concentrix website under “Events and Presentations” at https://ir.concentrix.com/events-and-presentations.A replay will also be available on the website following the conference call.About ConcentrixWe’re Concentrix (Nasdaq: CNXC)  a leading global provider of customer experience (CX) solutions and technology. We reimagine everything CX to improve business performance for some of the world’s best brands  and the ones that are changing the world as we know it. Every day  we Design  Build and Run CX for over 130 Fortune Global 500 and 125 new economy clients. Whether it’s a specific solution or the whole end-to-end journey  we’ve got it covered. We’re the strategic thinkers who design brand-defining experiences. The tech geeks who build smarter solutions. And the operational experts who run it all and make it work seamlessly. Across 40 countries and 6 continents  we provide services across key industry verticals: technology & consumer electronics; retail  travel & ecommerce; banking  financial services & insurance; healthcare; communications & media; automotive; and energy & public sector. Location: Virtually Everywhere. Visit www.concentrix.com to learn more.About WebhelpWebhelp designs  delivers  and optimizes unforgettable human experiences for today’s digital world – creating game-changing customer journeys. From sales to service  content moderation to credit management  Webhelp is an end-to-end partner across all B2C and B2B customer journeys. Almost 125 000 passionate employees across 58 countries thrive on making a difference for the world’s most exciting brands. Webhelp is currently owned by its management and GBL  a leading global investment holding  as of November 2019. For more information on Webhelp  visit www.webhelp.com.About Groupe Bruxelles LambertGroupe Bruxelles Lambert (“GBL”) is an established investment holding company  with over sixty years of stock exchange listing and a net asset value of €17.8bn at the end of December 2022. As a leading and active investor in Europe  GBL focuses on long-term value creation with the support of a stable family shareholder base. As a responsible company and investor  GBL perceives ESG factors as being inextricably linked to value creation. GBL aims to grow its diversified high-quality portfolio of listed  private and alternative investments.GBL is focused on delivering meaningful growth by providing attractive returns to its shareholders through a combination of growth in its net asset value  a sustainable dividend and share buybacks.GBL is listed on Euronext Brussels (Ticker: GBLB BB; ISIN code: BE0003797140) and is included in the BEL20 index. Visit www.gbl.be to learn more.Use of Non-GAAP InformationWe refer to certain non-GAAP financial measures in this press release  including:Non-GAAP diluted earnings per common share (“EPS”)  which is diluted EPS excluding the per share  tax effected impact of acquisition-related and integration expenses  including related restructuring costs  amortization of intangible assets and share-based compensation.Adjusted earnings before interest  taxes  depreciation  and amortization  or adjusted EBITDA  which is operating income  adjusted to exclude acquisition-related and integration expenses  including related restructuring costs  amortization of intangible assets  and share-based compensation  plus depreciation.We believe that providing this additional information is useful to the reader to better assess and understand base operating performance  especially when comparing results with previous periods and for planning and forecasting in future periods  primarily because management typically monitors the business adjusted for these items in addition to GAAP results. As these non-GAAP financial measures are not calculated in accordance with GAAP  they may not necessarily be comparable to similarly titled measures employed by other companies. These non-GAAP financial measures should not be considered in isolation or as a substitute for the comparable GAAP measures and should be used as a complement to  and in conjunction with  data presented in accordance with GAAP. A reconciliation of these forward-looking non-GAAP financial measures to the most directly comparable GAAP financial measures is not provided because we are unable to provide such reconciliation without unreasonable effort  due to the uncertainty and inherent difficulty of predicting the occurrence and the financial impact of such items and the periods in which such items may be recognized. For the same reasons  we are unable to address the probable significance of the unavailable information  which could be material to future results.A quantitative reconciliation of the pro forma adjusted EBITDA to the most directly comparable GAAP measures cannot be provided without unreasonable efforts due to the forward-looking nature of the adjustments  and their inherent variability. For the same reason  Concentrix is unable to address the probable significance of the unavailable information  which may have a material impact on expected GAAP results.Additional Information and Where to Find ItIn connection with the proposed transaction between Concentrix Corporation (“Concentrix”) and Webhelp  Concentrix plans to file relevant materials with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the “SEC”)  including a proxy statement on Schedule 14A. Promptly after filing its definitive proxy statement with the SEC  Concentrix will mail the definitive proxy statement to each stockholder entitled to vote at the special meeting relating to the transaction. This communication does not constitute an offer to sell or the solicitation of an offer to buy any securities or a solicitation of any vote or approval. INVESTORS AND STOCKHOLDERS ARE URGED TO CAREFULLY READ THE PROXY STATEMENT (INCLUDING ANY AMENDMENTS OR SUPPLEMENTS THERETO AND ANY DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE THEREIN) AND ANY OTHER RELEVANT DOCUMENTS IN CONNECTION WITH THE TRANSACTION THAT CONCENTRIX WILL FILE WITH THE SEC WHEN THEY BECOME AVAILABLE BECAUSE THEY WILL CONTAIN IMPORTANT INFORMATION ABOUT THE TRANSACTION AND THE PARTIES TO THE TRANSACTION. The definitive proxy statement  the preliminary proxy statement  and other relevant materials in connection with the transaction (when they become available) and any other documents filed by Concentrix with the SEC  may be obtained free of charge at the SEC’s website (www.sec.gov) and Concentrix’ website at www.concentrix.com.Participants in the SolicitationConcentrix and its directors and executive officers may be deemed  under SEC rules  to be participants in the solicitation of proxies from Concentrix’ stockholders in connection with the transaction. Information regarding the interests of such individuals in the proposed transaction will be included in the proxy statement relating to such transaction when it is filed with the SEC. You may obtain information about Concentrix’ executive officers and directors in Concentrix’ definitive proxy statement for its 2023 annual meeting of stockholders  which was filed with the SEC on February 9  2023. To the extent holdings of such participants in Concentrix’ securities are not reported  or have changed since the amounts described in the proxy statement for the 2023 annual meeting of stockholders  such changes have been reflected on Statements of Change in Ownership on Form 4 filed with the SEC. These documents may be obtained free of charge from the SEC’s website at www.sec.gov and Concentrix’ website at www.concentrix.com.Information for U.S. Persons Holding Webhelp SharesThis proposed business combination is made for the securities of a non-U.S. company. The offer is subject to disclosure and procedural requirements in France and other non-U.S. jurisdictions that are different from those of the United States. The transaction will be structured to comply with the securities laws and regulations in France  the United States and other applicable jurisdictions that are applicable to transactions of this type.It may be difficult for U.S. holders of Webhelp shares to enforce their rights and any claims they may have arising under the federal securities laws of the United States  since Webhelp is incorporated in a non-U.S. jurisdiction  and some or all of its officers and directors may be residents of a non-U.S. jurisdiction. U.S. holders may not be able to sue a non-U.S. company or its officers or directors in a non-U.S. court for violations of the U.S. securities laws. Further  it may be difficult to compel a non-U.S. company and its affiliates to subject themselves to a U.S. court's judgment.Safe Harbor StatementThis news release includes forward-looking statements within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933 and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934. Forward-looking statements include  but are not limited to  statements regarding the combination with Webhelp and the timing thereof  including works council consultations  regulatory approvals and the satisfaction of other closing conditions and the timing thereof  the expected accretion to revenue growth  profitability and non-GAAP EPS and the pace thereof  the estimated size of the transaction and the combined company  including estimated pro forma revenues in 2023  the expected revenue and adjusted EBITDA contributions of the Webhelp business to the Company  the expected growth of the Webhelp business  the expected debt profile and cash flows of the combined company  the pro forma adjusted EBITDA and net debt of the combined company  the expected cost synergies to be achieved from the transaction  and the pro forma ownership structure of the combined company  statements regarding the Company’s expected future financial condition and results of operations  including revenue  operating income  profit margins  effective tax rate and leverage  and statements that include words such as believe  expect  may  will  provide  could and should and other similar expressions. These forward-looking statements are inherently uncertain and involve substantial risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from those expressed or implied by such statements. Risks and uncertainties include  among other things: risks related to the proposed transaction  including that the proposed transaction will not be consummated; the ability to receive shareholder approval and regulatory approvals for the proposed transaction in a timely manner  on acceptable terms or at all  or to satisfy the other closing conditions to the proposed transaction; conditions in the credit markets and the ability to obtain financing for the proposed transaction on a favorable basis if at all; the ability to retain key employees and successfully integrate the Webhelp business; our ability to realize estimated cost savings  synergies or other anticipated benefits of the proposed transaction  or that such benefits may take longer to realize than expected; diversion of management’s attention; the potential impact of the announcement or consummation of the proposed acquisition on relationships with clients and other third parties; risks related to general economic conditions  including consumer demand  interest rates  inflation  supply chains and the effects of the conflict in Ukraine; cyberattacks on our  Webhelp’s or our respective clients’ networks and information technology systems; the failure of our or Webhelp’s staff and contractors to adhere to our and our respective clients’ controls and processes; the inability to protect personal and proprietary information; the inability to execute on our digital CX strategy; the loss of key personnel or the inability to attract and retain staff with the skills and expertise needed for our business; increases in the cost of labor; the effects of the COVID-19 pandemic and other communicable diseases  natural disasters  adverse weather conditions or public health crises; geopolitical  economic and climate- or weather-related risks in regions with a significant concentration of the our or Webhelp’s operations; the inability to successfully identify  complete and integrate strategic acquisitions or investments; competitive conditions in our industry and consolidation of our competitors; higher than expected tax liabilities; the demand for CX solutions and technology; variability in demand by our or Webhelp’s clients or the early termination of our or Webhelp’s client contracts; the level of business activity of our or Webhelp’s clients and the market acceptance and performance of their products and services; currency exchange rate fluctuations; the operability of our or Webhelp’s communication services and information technology systems and networks; changes in law  regulations or regulatory guidance; damage to our or Webhelp’s reputation through the actions or inactions of third parties; investigative or legal actions; and other factors contained in the Company’s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended November 30  2022 filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission and subsequent SEC filings. The Company does not undertake a duty to update forward-looking statements  which speak only as of the date on which they are made.Copyright 2023 Concentrix CorporationAll rights reserved. Concentrix  the Concentrix logo  and all other Concentrix company  product and services names and slogans are trademarks or registered trademarks of Concentrix Corporation and its subsidiaries. Concentrix and the Concentrix logo Reg. U.S. Pat. & Tm. Off. and applicable non-U.S. jurisdictions. Other names and marks are the property of their respective owners.,positive,0.64,0.35,0.0,positive,0.76,0.24,0.0,True,English,"['Diversified Global CX Leader', 'Concentrix', 'Webhelp', 'Growth', 'first year Conference call', 'robust, well-balanced global footprints', '$550B+ growing CX market', '200+ new economy clients', 'leading global CX provider', 'Concentrix’ domestic sales presence', 'pro forma combined company', 'attractive growing markets', 'leading global provider', 'Groupe Bruxelles Lambert', '25+ Fortune Global 500', 'marquee client list', 'Compelling Strategic Benefits', 'robust revenue stream', 'complementary global presence', '320 new economy clients', 'robust global footprint', '155 Fortune Global 500 clients', 'diversified revenue contribution', 'fiscal year', 'robust platforms', 'global reach', 'Concentrix’ presence', 'new journey', 'strong client', 'CX) services', 'strategic verticals', '25 new countries', 'dynamic market', 'complementary cultures', 'complementary portfolio', 'combined entity', 'Latin America', 'high-value services', 'GAAP EPS', 'GLOBE NEWSWIRE', 'customer experience', 'net debt', 'payment services', '2023 annual revenues', 'best brands', 'key milestone', 'two companies', 'Chris Caldwell', 'fanatical focus', 'impressive toolkit', 'next chapter', 'human’ mentality', 'ambitious plans', 'precious assets', 'incredible companies', 'complete range', 'Olivier Duha', 'Ian Gallienne', 'majority stakeholder', 'remarkable development', 'transformative force', 'substantial value', 'digital services', 'consumer expectations', 'North America', 'Asia Pacific', 'broad set', 'two entities', 'CX leader', 'revenue growth', 'Concentrix’ position', 'Concentrix Corporation', 'Concentrix Catalyst', 'digital capabilities', 'broad capabilities', 'delivery footprint', 'growth story', '12 additional countries', 'African footprint', 'combined organization', 'valued clients', '2,000 amazing clients', 'continued success', 'game-changing leader', 'innovative technology', '70 countries', '1,000 clients', '2,000 clients', 'Europe', 'breadth', 'support', 'staff', 'profitability', 'NEWARK', 'Calif.', 'Nasdaq', 'CNXC', 'technologies', 'agreement', 'Webhelp', 'transaction', 'marketing', 'world', 'combination', 'vision', 'President', 'CEO', 'forces', 'recognized', 'values', 'people', 'strengths', 'industry', 'design', 'future', 'heart', 'solutions', 'attractiveness', 'talent', 'Co-founder', 'GBL', 'investment', 'part', 'marketplace', 'stakeholders', 'scale', 'Americas', 'offerings', 'needs', '5:00', '2019']",2023-03-29,2023-03-30,globenewswire.com
21721,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/seed-group-onboards-italian-sustainable-ai-start-up-datrix-301784372.html,Seed Group onboards Italian sustainable AI start-up Datrix,DUBAI  UAE and MILAN  March 29  2023 /PRNewswire/ -- Seed Group  a company of the Private Office of Sheikh Saeed bin Ahmed Al Maktoum  has announced a strategic partnership with Datrix S.p.A.  a company listed on the Italian Stock Market  with an aim to revol…,"DUBAI  UAE and MILAN  March 29  2023 /PRNewswire/ -- Seed Group  a company of the Private Office of Sheikh Saeed bin Ahmed Al Maktoum  has announced a strategic partnership with Datrix S.p.A.  a company listed on the Italian Stock Market  with an aim to revolutionise the thriving artificial intelligence (AI) industry in the UAE and the Middle East.From left to right: Andrea Ronchi  Head of UAE Market at Datrix; Fabrizio Milano D’Aragona  Co-Founder & CEO of Datrix; Hisham Al Gurg  CEO of Seed Group and the Private Office of Sheikh Saeed bin Ahmed Al Maktoum; Mauro Arte  Co-founder and COO of Datrix; Prof. Enrico Zio  Scientific Director of DatrixDatrix specialises in sustainable AI methodologies and solutions for the data-driven growth of companies  and the partnership between Seed Group and Datrix aims to combine their strengths to drive innovation and growth in the region. Datrix is a leader in the development of augmented analytics solutions and services based on AI and machine learning models to improve the efficiency of cross-industry business management and physical processes.As part of the partnership  Seed Group will provide Datrix with the guidance it needs to reach the right audience and access top decision-makers in the government and private sectors. The partnership will also help Datrix contribute to bringing the latest technological innovations to the UAE and the Middle East region  in the wake of the estimated 14 percent impact of AI growth on the UAE's GDP by 2023.Commenting on the partnership  Hisham Al Gurg  CEO of Seed Group  said  ""We are excited to partner with Datrix and contribute to the growth of the AI industry in the region. Especially given the fact that the potential impact of AI on the Middle East by 2030 is predicted to reach over US$320 billion. Datrix's expertise in sustainable AI solutions will complement our existing capabilities and help us deliver more value to our clients.""""We are honoured to have Seed Group as a strategic partner. The Middle East market and  in particular  the UAE market  characterised today by strong economic growth and a rapid wave of innovation  represent an extraordinary expansion opportunity for our AI services  and this partnership will allow us to accelerate this process "" comments Fabrizio Milano D'Aragona  CEO of Datrix.""In our vision  artificial intelligence is a powerful means to an end  always aimed at measurable results in terms of cost efficiency  maximising business performance  and mitigating risks. This becomes more valuable on complex projects and in challenging sectors with significant importance in the Middle East  such as oil and gas  energy  utilities  construction  infrastructure  and large industrial hubs "" explains Andrea Ronchi  Head of Datrix UAE Market.The partnership between Seed Group and Datrix is expected to drive growth and innovation in the AI industry in the UAE and the Middle East region. Both companies are committed to delivering sustainable solutions and driving positive change in the region  while Seed Group helps us expand our presence in the region and delivers innovative solutions to businesses in the region.Seed Group is a notable force in the technology  healthcare  hospitality  and telecommunications landscapes in the Middle East. Over the past 20 years  it has formed successful strategic alliances with leading global companies representing diverse regions to accelerate sustainable market entry and presence within the Gulf Cooperation Council countries.About DatrixDatrix is a group of tech companies listed on the Italian Stock Market that develop sustainable artificial intelligence solutions (augmented analytics and machine learning models) for data-driven company growth. Datrix's solutions add measurable value because they collect data from internal and external sources  integrate it  look for correlations  uncover valuable insights and operational information  and suggest actions with efficiency as a goal.The Group is active in four business areas:Machine Learning Model Serving develops descriptive  predictive  and prescriptive data science models to maximise the efficiency of industrial and management processes; AI for Marketing and Sales develops artificial intelligence solutions to increase the marketing and sales performance of companies; AI for Data Monetization applies artificial intelligence to data collected by companies in compliance with privacy regulations  turning it into economic value for them; AI for FinTech develops solutions using unconventional alternative data to improve the performance of institutional and private investors in stock selection  identification of innovative investment themes  and ESG scoring.Since 2019  Datrix has also accelerated its growth path through acquisitions in Italy and abroad. The following companies are now part of the Datrix SpA Group: 3rdPlace Srl  FinScience Srl  ByTek Srl  Paperlit Srl  Datrix US Inc.  and Adapex Inc. With the acquisition of the company Aramis and the merger of expertise with 3rdPlace  the new player Aramix was born in 2023  reinforcing the machine learning and model serving areas. Through its subsidiaries  Datrix is a technology partner of international consortia for major R&D projects in finance  biomedicine  and cybersecurity  funded by the European Union and Italy and based on artificial intelligence algorithms.Datrix operates through four offices in Italy (Milan  Rome  Cagliari and Viterbo)  one in Dubai and one in the United States. Read more at www.datrixgroup.com/en/ .About Seed GroupOver the past 20 years  Seed Group has formed strategic alliances with leading global companies representing diverse regions and industries. These companies have propelled their business interests and goals in the Middle East and North Africa region through the support and strong base of regional connections of the Seed Group. The Group's goal is to create mutually beneficial partnerships with multinational organisations and to accelerate their sustainable market entry and presence within the MENA region. Seed Group has been a key point in the success of all its partners in the region helping them reach their target customers and accelerate their businesses. The Private Office was established by Sheikh Saeed bin Ahmed Al Maktoum to directly invest in or assist potential business opportunities in the region  which meet the Private Office's criteria. For more information  visit www.seedgroup.com .Datrix Media ContactInvestor RelationsGiuseppe Venezia+39 0276281064Francesca CoccoLerxi Consulting[email protected]Press OfficeSpriano Communication & PartnersMatteo Russo+39 3479834881[email protected]Jacopo Ghirardi+39 3337139257[email protected]Euronext Growth Advisor: AlantraStefano Bellavita+39 0263671601[email protected]Seed Group Media ContactNomarie Jean Lacsamana+97143735068[email protected]Photo - https://mma.prnewswire.com/media/2042997/Seed_Group_Datrix.jpgSOURCE Seed Group; Datrix",neutral,0.04,0.96,0.0,positive,0.77,0.23,0.0,True,English,"['Italian sustainable AI start-up', 'Seed Group', 'Datrix', 'Sheikh Saeed bin Ahmed Al Maktoum', 'thriving artificial intelligence (AI) industry', 'Fabrizio Milano D’Aragona', ""Fabrizio Milano D'Aragona"", 'Gulf Cooperation Council countries', 'Machine Learning Model Serving', 'prescriptive data science models', 'Datrix S.p.A.', 'sustainable artificial intelligence solutions', 'The Middle East market', 'Hisham Al Gurg', 'machine learning models', 'Prof. Enrico Zio', 'latest technological innovations', 'extraordinary expansion opportunity', 'sustainable market entry', 'four business areas', 'Italian Stock Market', 'innovative investment themes', 'successful strategic alliances', 'unconventional alternative data', 'cross-industry business management', 'sustainable AI methodologies', 'large industrial hubs', 'leading global companies', 'strong economic growth', 'augmented analytics solutions', 'sustainable AI solutions', 'Datrix US Inc.', 'Middle East region', 'Datrix SpA Group', 'data-driven company growth', 'Datrix UAE Market', 'sustainable solutions', 'AI industry', 'The Group', 'innovative solutions', 'stock selection', 'management processes', 'Adapex Inc', 'data-driven growth', 'strategic partner', 'business performance', 'Data Monetization', 'economic value', 'Seed Group', 'Private Office', 'Andrea Ronchi', 'Mauro Arte', 'Scientific Director', 'physical processes', 'right audience', 'top decision-makers', 'private sectors', '14 percent impact', 'potential impact', 'existing capabilities', 'rapid wave', 'powerful means', 'measurable results', 'complex projects', 'challenging sectors', 'significant importance', 'positive change', 'notable force', 'telecommunications landscapes', 'past 20 years', 'diverse regions', 'external sources', 'valuable insights', 'operational information', 'privacy regulations', 'private investors', 'ESG scoring', 'FinScience Srl', 'ByTek Srl', 'Paperlit Srl', 'new player', 'AI growth', 'growth path', 'measurable value', 'AI services', '3rdPlace Srl', 'following companies', 'cost efficiency', 'sales performance', 'partnership', 'DUBAI', 'aim', 'left', 'Head', 'Founder', 'CEO', 'strengths', 'leader', 'development', 'guidance', 'government', 'wake', 'GDP', 'fact', 'expertise', 'clients', 'vision', 'end', 'terms', 'risks', 'oil', 'gas', 'energy', 'utilities', 'construction', 'infrastructure', 'presence', 'businesses', 'technology', 'healthcare', 'hospitality', 'internal', 'correlations', 'actions', 'goal', 'Marketing', 'compliance', 'FinTech', 'institutional', 'identification', 'acquisitions', 'Italy', 'Aramis', 'merger', 'Aramix']",2023-03-29,2023-03-30,prnewswire.com
21722,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/virginias-fairfax-county-selects-atos-public-safety-llc-to-power-next-generation-9-1-1-cloud-based-call-handling-system-301784369.html,Virginia's Fairfax County selects Atos Public Safety LLC to power Next Generation 9-1-1 cloud-based call handling system,IRVING  Texas  March 29  2023 /PRNewswire/ -- Atos Public Safety LLC announces a 6-year contract with The Fairfax County Virginia  Department of Public Safety Communications (DPSC) to transform the county's 9-1-1 call handling system into a resilient  flexibl…,"IRVING  Texas  March 29  2023 /PRNewswire/ -- Atos Public Safety LLC announces a 6-year contract with The Fairfax County Virginia  Department of Public Safety Communications (DPSC) to transform the county's 9-1-1 call handling system into a resilient  flexible communication platform that is fully based in the cloud. This allows for an exchange of information within the 9-1-1 centers to reduce response time  enhance situational awareness  and increase first responder safety.The Atos Unify OpenScape Global Emergency Management (GEMMA) solution combined with Atos' Unify OpenScape First Response NENA i3 compliant routing engine (OSFR) will provide Fairfax County DPSC with a new level of response workflow automation and advanced call handling.To collaborate with these solutions  Atos Public Safety LLC will partner with RapidSOS to integrate locally authoritative geographic information systems (GIS) data to update and publish at scale automatically. RapidSOS has created the world's first intelligent safety platform that securely links life-saving data from over 500 million connected devices  apps and sensors directly to first responders. This gives teams access to robust  life-saving data when they need it. It includes real-time call status from GEMMA and will become the map of reference for all telecommunicators.As Fairfax County DPSC is the largest public safety agency in the Commonwealth of Virginia and is one of the ten largest in the United States  the durability and responsiveness for emergency handling is critical.""Our mission is providing excellence to the public in response to emergency situations and to support our first line telecommunicators with system capabilities that enhance compassionate and efficient public safety responses. Atos Public Safety LLC provides DPSC with an innovative  interoperable and resilient standards-based solution and design. The GEMMA User Interface was smart  intuitive and less cluttered  and we believe the overall impact of this new communication system will greatly enhance our ability to serve the public and first responder community "" said Steve McMurrer  911 Systems Administrator  Fairfax County DPSC.Atos Public Safety LLC's cloud approach is key for implementing innovative features  including intelligent information display such as voice  text or multi-media  real-time call transcription with key word flagging  text to 9-1-1 translation  and intuitive transfer and conference capabilities with a participants display. This resilient cloud-based solution means centralized and managed communications  converging all ways to connect into integrated call flows for quicker  cost-effective results for all agency partners.""This NG9-1-1 call handling solution will improve the 9-1-1 telecommunicator's ability to manage calls in a new IP enabled environment. Call takers will not only handle voice and text calls  but will also be able to easily accommodate future call types that will be delivered over NG9-1-1 such as alerts  alarms  crash data  and other relevant life-saving information. The new user interface deployed with this cloud-based platform is a game changer in dealing with these many call types in a clean  logical and intuitive manner "" said Joe Hernandez  Head of Public Safety  North America  Atos Public Safety LLC. ""It's important for public safety systems to be compliant with industry standards  as well as keep pace with the technology that enables quick  smart and informed communications. We are proud to work with the public safety community to accomplish this goal  as well as create a foundation for future technologies and applications.""Atos Public Safety LLC has been entrusted to migrate some of the world's most mission-critical environments into and through their respective digital transformations. The group brings the same world-class infrastructure transformation and managed services leadership to any industry in need of choice  as well as proven experience within the pillars of NG9-1-1.For additional information on NG9-1-1 services  please visit Atos Command Control Systems for public safety .About AtosAtos is a global leader in digital transformation with 111 000 employees and annual revenue of c. € 11 billion. European number one in cybersecurity  cloud and high-performance computing  the Group provides tailored end-to-end solutions for all industries in 69 countries. A pioneer in decarbonization services and products  Atos is committed to a secure and decarbonized digital for its clients. Atos is a SE (Societas Europaea)  listed on Euronext Paris.The purpose of Atos is to help design the future of the information space. Its expertise and services support the development of knowledge  education and research in a multicultural approach and contribute to the development of scientific and technological excellence. Across the world  the Group enables its customers and employees  and members of societies at large to live  work and develop sustainably  in a safe and secure information space.SOURCE Atos",neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,positive,0.79,0.2,0.0,True,English,"['Next Generation 9-1-1 cloud-based call handling system', 'Atos Public Safety LLC', 'Fairfax County', 'Virginia', ""Atos' Unify OpenScape First Response NENA i3 compliant routing engine"", 'The Atos Unify OpenScape Global Emergency Management', 'locally authoritative geographic information systems', 'new IP enabled environment', 'same world-class infrastructure transformation', 'Atos Command Control Systems', 'multi-media, real-time call transcription', 'efficient public safety responses', 'first intelligent safety platform', 'resilient, flexible communication platform', 'Atos Public Safety LLC', 'The GEMMA User Interface', 'other relevant life-saving information', 'largest public safety agency', 'The Fairfax County Virginia', '9-1-1 call handling system', 'NG9-1-1 call handling solution', 'first responder safety', 'first responder community', 'public safety systems', 'response workflow automation', 'new user interface', 'real-time call status', 'public safety community', 'new communication system', 'advanced call handling', 'integrated call flows', 'many call types', 'first line telecommunicators', 'resilient standards-based solution', '500 million connected devices', 'key word flagging', 'quicker, cost-effective results', 'Public Safety Communications', 'intelligent information display', 'resilient cloud-based solution', 'respective digital transformations', 'Fairfax County DPSC', 'robust, life-saving data', 'future call types', 'managed services leadership', 'secure information space', 'emergency handling', 'global leader', 'first responders', 'response time', 'cloud-based platform', 'emergency situations', '911 Systems Administrator', 'SOURCE Atos', 'Call takers', 'new level', 'system capabilities', 'agency partners', 'additional information', 'managed communications', '9-1-1 centers', '9-1-1 translation', 'participants display', '9-1-1 telecommunicator', 'informed communications', 'decarbonized digital', 'GIS) data', 'crash data', '6-year contract', 'situational awareness', 'United States', 'innovative, interoperable', 'overall impact', 'Steve McMurrer', 'innovative features', 'intuitive transfer', 'conference capabilities', 'game changer', 'clean, logical', 'intuitive manner', 'Joe Hernandez', 'North America', 'quick, smart', 'future technologies', 'mission-critical environments', 'NG9-1-1 services', 'annual revenue', 'European number', 'high-performance computing', 'decarbonization services', 'Societas Europaea', 'Euronext Paris', 'multicultural approach', 'industry standards', 'end solutions', 'technological excellence', 'cloud approach', 'text calls', 'IRVING', 'Texas', 'PRNewswire', 'Department', 'exchange', 'OSFR', 'RapidSOS', 'scale', 'apps', 'sensors', 'teams', 'access', 'map', 'reference', 'Commonwealth', 'durability', 'responsiveness', 'compassionate', 'design', 'voice', 'centralized', 'ways', 'alerts', 'alarms', 'Head', 'technology', 'goal', 'foundation', 'applications', 'group', 'need', 'choice', 'experience', 'pillars', '111,000 employees', 'cybersecurity', 'tailored', 'industries', '69 countries', 'pioneer', 'products', 'clients', 'purpose', 'expertise', 'development', 'knowledge', 'education', 'research', 'scientific', 'customers', 'members', 'societies']",2023-03-29,2023-03-30,prnewswire.com
21723,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/BH-MACRO-LIMITED-55992940/news/BH-Macro-Limited-Annual-Report-Audited-Financial-Statements-2022-43363041/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230329,BH Macro Limited - Annual Report & Audited Financial Statements 2022,(marketscreener.com) BH Macro LimitedAnnual Report and Audited Financial Statements 2022LEI: 549300ZOFF0Z2CM87C29The Company has today  in accordance with DTR 6.3.5  released its Annual Report and Audited financial statements for the year ended 31 D…,"Homepage Equities United Kingdom London Stock Exchange BH Macro Limited News Summary BHMU GG00BQBFY479 BH MACRO LIMITED (BHMU) Add to my list Report Report Delayed London Stock Exchange - 11:35:06 2023-03-30 am EDT 4.440 USD +2.54% 02:01a BH Macro Limited - Director Declaration PR 03/29 BH Macro net asset value up  cites favourable core macro strategies AN 03/29 BH Macro Limited - Annual Report & Audited Financial Statements 2022 PR Summary Quotes Charts News Ratings Calendar Company Financials Consensus Funds Summary Most relevant All News Other languages Press Releases Official Publications Sector news BH Macro Limited - Annual Report & Audited Financial Statements 2022 03/29/2023 | 02:01am EDT Send by mail :Name : First name : From * : To * : (You can enter multiple email addresses separated by commas) Message : * Required fields BH Macro Limited Annual Report and Audited Financial Statements 2022 LEI: 549300ZOFF0Z2CM87C29 (Classified Regulated Information  under DTR 6 Annex 1 section 1.1) The Company has today  in accordance with DTR 6.3.5  released its Annual Report and Audited financial statements for the year ended 31 December 2022. The Report will shortly be available from the Company’s website: www.bhmacro.com. Chair’s Statement I am delighted to report that Brevan Howard Capital Management LP (the “Manager”) achieved excellent returns in 2022 during a turbulent period in markets  the global economy and geopolitics. The price of the Sterling Class shares rose by 20.05% and the US Dollar Class shares by 12.72%  whilst the NAV per share rose by 21.91% for the Sterling Class shares and 21.17% for the US Dollar Class shares. In addition to these solid absolute returns  we also posted impressive relative returns compared with other asset classes. This absolute and relative performance makes BH Macro Limited a cornerstone in our investors’ portfolios. We anticipated that it was going to be a challenging investing environment in last year’s report. In the event  we weren’t surprised by the volatility. Some of the worst of our expectations came to pass: the invasion of Ukraine  soaring energy costs  the highest inflation for 40 years  and repeated interest rates rises globally. The UK exacerbated this background with a revolving door at 10 Downing Street and lurches in policy which de-stabilised markets. Coming into 2023  stock markets enjoyed one of their best starts to a calendar year and appeared to be embracing an expectation that despite the negative backdrop and continued inflation  that a soft landing would be achieved. That hope hit the skids in March when the Fed and the ECB turned more hawkish on inflation and unleashed a cascade of bank failures and retrenchments. The optimistic scenario of a soft landing appears to be very much under review. Having said that  your Board remains confident that your Company’s Manager is very well placed to weather these choppy waters and  given BH Macro’s longstanding track record of performing in such uncertain environments  the case for holding the Company in an investment portfolio remains as strong as ever. The Board is wholly independent of the Brevan Howard group and is very closely focussed on safeguarding the interests of shareholders. To that end  the Board maintains a regular dialogue with the Manager in order to assure itself of the quality of the investment team and supporting systems  operations and infrastructure across the organisation. The Manager has continued an intense focus on developing the quality and depth of the trading team  including expanding capabilities into new  related areas  designed to add complementary performance and diversified return streams for the benefit of the Company  while allowing the Manager to manage a greater pool of assets. I believe that the trading team today is the strongest it has ever been. During 2022 the Board was strengthened by the appointment of Caroline Chan  a highly experienced Guernsey and international corporate lawyer. Caroline is a tremendous addition and I  together with the rest of the Board greatly look forward to working closely with her. We also conducted the periodic external evaluation of the Board’s effectiveness which reconfirmed our high standards of corporate governance. The strength of your Company has been reflected in the significant demand for its shares which traded at a premium through 2022. As a result significant tap issuances were effected during the year raising a further £175m ($218m) in the Sterling Class and $13m for the US Dollar Class. Despite this  demand for the shares remained strong and your Board was able to negotiate a significant capacity agreement with the Company’s Manager. Subsequently  an offer for sale by way of subscription was made to satisfy this demand coupled with a 10:1 share split to improve the liquidity of the shares  in particular  for smaller investors. This resulted in a very strongly subscribed initial offer that raised £312.3m and US$3.3m in each respective share class  with the option for a further offer to be made within the subsequent 12-month period. The Company and its Manager have continued to pursue an active programme for public communication and investor relations. Up-to-date performance information is provided through NAV data published monthly on a definitive basis and weekly on an estimated basis  as well as through monthly reports and shareholder reports. All these reports and further information about the Company are available on its website (www.bhmacro.com). In conclusion  the global macro-economic backdrop remains highly complex and uncertain. We anticipate that markets are likely to remain challenging for investors to navigate for the foreseeable future. Your Board is very confident in the Manager and believes it is very well placed to profit from these challenges. In that context  we believe the company has an important and valuable role to play in investors’ portfolios. Together  we will continue to work hard on your behalf to deliver the long term diversifying returns that set BH Macro Limited apart from most other investments. I would like to take this opportunity to thank you all for your continuing support. Richard Horlick Chair 28 March 2023 Board Members The Directors of the Company for the year and as at the date of signing  all of whom are non-executive  are listed below: Richard Horlick (Chair) Richard Horlick is UK resident. He is currently the non-executive chairman of CCLA Investment Management which manages assets for over 38 000 charities and church and local authority funds. He has served on a number of closed end fund boards. He was a partner and non-executive chairman of Pensato Capital LLP until its successful sale to RWC Partners in 2017. He has had a long and distinguished career in investment management graduating from Cambridge University in 1980 with an MA in Modern History. After 3 years in the corporate finance department of Samuel Montagu he joined Newton Investment Management in January 1984  where he became a Director and portfolio manager. In 1994  he joined Fidelity International as President of their institutional business outside the US and in 2001 became President and CEO of Fidelity Management Trust Company in Boston which was the Trust Bank for the US Fidelity Mutual fund range and responsible for their defined benefit pension business. In 2003  he joined Schroders Plc as a main board Director and head of investment worldwide. Mr. Horlick was appointed to the Board in May 2019 and was appointed Chair in February 2021. Caroline Chan Caroline has over 30 years’ experience as a corporate lawyer  having retired from private practice in 2020. After studying law at Oxford University  Caroline qualified as an English solicitor with Allen & Overy  working in their corporate teams in London and Hong Kong. On returning to Guernsey in 1998  Caroline qualified as a Guernsey advocate and practised locally  including as a partner with law firms Ogier and Mourant Ozannes. Since retiring from private practice  Caroline has taken on non-executive directorship roles and is Chair of the Board of Governors of The Ladies’ College  Guernsey. She has recently retired as a member of the Guernsey Competition and Regulatory Authority. Ms. Chan is a Guernsey resident and was appointed to the Board in December 2022. Julia Chapman Julia Chapman is a Jersey resident and a solicitor qualified in England & Wales and in Jersey with over 30 years’ experience in the investment fund and capital markets sector. After working at Simmons & Simmons in London  she moved to Jersey and became a partner of Mourant du Feu & Jeune (now Mourant) in 1999. She was then appointed general counsel to Mourant International Finance Administration (the firm’s fund administration division). Following its acquisition by State Street in April 2010  Julia was appointed European Senior Counsel for State Street’s alternative investment business. In July 2012  Julia left State Street to focus on the independent provision of directorship and governance services to a small number of investment fund vehicles. Mrs. Chapman was appointed to the Board in October 2021. Bronwyn Curtis Bronwyn Curtis is a UK resident and Senior Executive with 30 years leadership in finance  commodities  consulting and the media. Her executive roles included Head of Global Research at HSBC Plc  Managing Editor and Head of European Broadcast at Bloomberg LP  Chief Economist of Nomura International  and Global Head of Foreign Exchange and Fixed Income Strategy at Deutsche Bank. She has also worked as a consultant for the World Bank and UNCTAD. Her other current appointments include non-executive member of the Oversight Board of the UK Office for Budget Responsibility  trustee of the Centre for Economic and Policy Research  the Australia-UK Chamber of Commerce and The Times shadow MPC. She is a graduate of the London School of Economics and La Trobe University in Australia where she received a Doctor of Letters in 2017. Bronwyn was awarded an OBE in 2008 for her services to business economics. Mrs. Curtis was appointed to the Board in January 2020. John Le Poidevin John Le Poidevin is Guernsey resident and has over 30 years’ business experience. Mr. Le Poidevin is a graduate of Exeter University and Harvard Business School  a Fellow of the Institute of Chartered Accountants in England and Wales and a former partner of BDO LLP in London where  as Head of Consumer Markets  he developed an extensive breadth of experience and knowledge of listed businesses in the UK and overseas. He is an experienced non-executive who sits on several Plc boards and chairs a number of Audit Committees. He therefore brings a wealth of relevant experience in terms of corporate governance  audit  risk management and financial reporting. Mr. Le Poidevin was appointed to the Board in June 2016. Claire Whittet Claire Whittet is Guernsey resident and has over 40 years’ experience in the financial services industry. After obtaining a MA (Hons) in Geography from the University of Edinburgh  Mrs. Whittet joined the Bank of Scotland for 19 years and undertook a wide variety of roles. She moved to Guernsey in 1996 and was Global Head of Private Client Credit for Bank of Bermuda before joining Rothschild & Co Bank International Limited in 2003  initially as Director of Lending and latterly as Managing Director and Co-Head until May 2016 when she became a non-executive Director. She is an ACIB member of the Chartered Institute of Bankers in Scotland  a Chartered Banker  a member of the Chartered Insurance Institute and holds an IoD Director’s Diploma in Company Direction. She is an experienced non-executive director of a number of listed investment and private equity funds one of which she chairs and a number of which she is Senior Independent Director. Mrs. Whittet was appointed to the Board in June 2014. Since 20 June 2019 Claire Whittet has been Senior Independent Director. Disclosure of Directorships in Public Companies Listed on Recognised Stock Exchanges The following summarises the Directors’ directorships in other public companies: ExchangeRichard Horlick Riverstone Energy Limited London VH Global Sustainable Energy Opportunities Plc LondonCaroline Chan Round Hill Music Royalty Fund Limited LondonJulia Chapman GCP Infrastructure Investments Limited London Henderson Far East Income Limited LondonBronwyn Curtis JPMorgan Asia Growth and Income Plc London Pershing Square Holdings Ltd London and Euronext Amsterdam Scottish American Investment Company Plc London TwentyFour Income Fund Limited LondonJohn Le Poidevin International Public Partnerships LimitedLondonSuper Group (SGHC) Limited New York TwentyFour Income Fund Limited LondonClaire Whittet Eurocastle Investment Limited Euronext Amsterdam Riverstone Energy Limited London Third Point Investors Limited London TwentyFour Select Monthly Income Fund Limited LondonStrategic Report For the year ended 31 December 2022 The Directors submit to the Shareholders their Strategic Report of the Company for the year ended 31 December 2022. The Strategic Report provides a review of the business for the financial year and describes how risks are managed. In addition  the report outlines key developments and the financial performance of the Company during the financial year and the position at the end of the year  and discusses the main factors that could affect the future performance and financial position of the Company. BUSINESS MODEL AND STRATEGY Investment Objective and Company Structure The Company is organised as a feeder fund that invests solely in the ordinary Sterling and US Dollar-denominated class B shares issued by the Master Fund – a Cayman Islands open-ended investment company  which has as its investment objective  the generation of consistent long-term appreciation through active leveraged trading and investment on a global basis. Further details on the Company’s investment objective and policy can be found in the Directors’ Report. Sources of Cash and Liquidity Requirements As the Master Fund is not expected to pay dividends  the Company expects that the primary source of its future liquidity will depend on the periodic redemption of shares from the Master Fund and borrowings in accordance with its leverage policies. BUSINESS ENVIRONMENT Principal Risks and Uncertainties The Board is responsible for the Company’s system of internal controls and for reviewing its effectiveness. The Board is satisfied that by using the Company’s risk matrix in establishing the Company’s system of internal controls  while monitoring the Company’s investment objective and policy  the Board has carried out a robust assessment of the principal and emerging risks and uncertainties facing the Company. The principal and emerging risks and uncertainties which have been identified and the steps which are taken by the Board to mitigate them are as follows: · Investment Risks: The Company is exposed to the risk that its portfolio fails to perform in line with the Company’s objectives if it is inappropriately invested or markets move adversely. The Board reviews reports from the Manager  which has total discretion over portfolio allocation  at each quarterly Board meeting  paying particular attention to this allocation and to the performance and volatility of underlying investments; · Operational and Cyber Security Risks: The Company is exposed to the risks arising from any failure of systems and controls in the operations of the Manager  Northern Trust International Fund Administration Services (Guernsey) Limited (the “Administrator”) or Computershare Investor Services (Guernsey) Limited (the “Registrar”)  or from the unavailability of any of the Manager  the Administrator or the Registrar for whatever reason  including those arising from cyber security issues. The Board receives regular reports from each of those parties on cyber security and annual independent third-party reporting on their respective internal controls; · Accounting  Legal and Regulatory Risks: The Company is exposed to risk if it fails to comply with the regulations of the UK Listing Authority or the Guernsey Financial Services Commission and/or any other applicable regulatory and legislative matters  or if it fails to maintain accurate or timely accounting records and published financial information. The Administrator provides the Board with regular internal control and compliance reports and reports on changes in regulations and accounting requirements; · Financial Risks: The financial risks faced by the Company include market  credit and liquidity risk. These risks and the controls in place to mitigate them are reviewed at each quarterly Board meeting; · Geopolitical Risk: Disruption arising from the aftermath of the COVID-19 pandemic  elevated levels of global inflation  recessionary risks and the current war in Ukraine has led to greater economic uncertainty  variability and volatility. Whilst the Master Fund has no material direct exposure to Russia  Ukraine or Belarus  the Board has also made enquiries of key service providers in respect of any impact from Russia’s invasion of Ukraine and the related instability in world markets and has been assured that none of the service providers have operations in the region or are in any way impacted in terms of their ability to continue to supply their services to the Company; and · Climate Change and ESG Risks: The Company has no employees and does not own any physical assets and is therefore not directly exposed to climate change risk. The Manager monitors developments in this area and industry best practice on behalf of the Board  where appropriate  and also regularly assesses the trading activity of the underlying Master Fund and sub-funds to ascertain whether environmental  social and governance (“ESG”) factors are appropriate or applicable to such funds. The Board has also made enquiries of key service providers in respect of their assessment of how climate change and ESG risk impacts their own operations and has been assured that this has no impact on their ability to continue to supply their services to the Company. Board Diversity When appointing new directors and reviewing the Board composition  the Board considers  amongst other factors  diversity  balance of skills  knowledge  gender and experience. At 31 December 2022  the Board believes it would be fully compliant with Listing Rules LR 9.8.6R(9) and LR 14.3.33R(1) in relation to board diversity  which will be applicable to the Company for the year ending 31 December 2023. There have been no changes to board composition since that date. We have set out additional detail in the table below: Name Gender Identity Ethnicity Richard Horlick Male White British Caroline Chan Female Mixed Asian British Julia Chapman Female White British Bronwyn Curtis Female White European John Le Poidevin Male White British Claire Whittet Female White British Environmental  Social and Governance (ESG) Factors The Company does not have employees  it does not own physical assets and its Board is formed exclusively of non-executive Directors. As such  the Company does not undertake any material activity which would directly affect the environment. On a regular basis  the Manager assesses the trading activity of the investment funds it manages  including the Master Fund  to ascertain whether ESG factors are appropriate or applicable to such funds. Most ESG principles have been envisaged in the context of equity or corporate fixed income investment and therefore are not readily applicable to most types of instruments traded by the Master Fund. The Manager continues to monitor developments in this area and seeks to implement industry best practice where applicable. The Manager is a signatory to the UN Principles for Responsible Investment and on a regular basis  assesses the trading activities of the Master Fund as to whether ESG  the UN principles and sustainability risks under the EU Sustainable Finance Disclosure Regulations  are appropriate  relevant  or applicable to the Master Fund  considering the structure of relevant Brevan Howard managed funds and the applicable trading universe. The Administrator is a wholly-owned indirect subsidiary of Northern Trust Corporation  which has adopted the UN Global Compact principles  specifically: implementing a precautionary approach to addressing environmental issues through effective programmes  undertaking initiatives that demonstrate the acknowledgement of environmental responsibility  promoting and using environmentally sustainable technologies  and UN Sustainable Development Goals  specifically: using only energy efficient appliances and light bulbs  avoiding unnecessary use and waste of water  implementing responsible consumption and production  and taking action to reduce climate change. POSITION AND PERFORMANCE Packaged Retail and Insurance Based Investment Products (“PRIIPs”) From 1 January 2021  the Company became subject to the UK version of Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 on key information documents for PRIIPs  which is part of UK law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018  as amended and supplemented from time to time  including by the Packaged Retail and Insurance-based Investment Products (Amendment) (EU Exit) Regulations 2019 (the “UK PRIIPs Laws”)  which superseded the EU regulation that previously applied to the Company. In accordance with the requirements of the UK PRIIPs Laws  the Manager published the latest standardised three-page Key Information Document (a “KID”) for the Company’s Sterling shares and another for its US Dollar shares on 23 February 2023 (based on data as at 31 December 2021). Each KID is available on the Company’s website https://www.bhmacro.com/regulatory-disclosures/ and will be updated at least every 12 months. The Manager is the PRIIPs manufacturer for each KID and the Company is not responsible for the information contained in each KID. The process for calculating the risks  cost and potential returns is prescribed by regulation. The figures in the KID  relating to the relevant share class  may not reflect the expected returns for that share class of the Company and anticipated returns cannot be guaranteed. Performance Key Performance Indicators (“KPIs”) At each Board meeting  the Directors consider a number of performance measures to assess the Company’s success in achieving its objectives. Below are the main KPIs which have been identified by the Board for determining the progress of the Company: 1. NAV The Company’s NAV has appreciated from £10.00 per Sterling share and US$10.00 per US Dollar share at launch to £41.81 per Sterling share and US$43.28 per US Dollar share at the 2022 financial year end. This increase in NAV is largely attributable to the Company’s long-term growth strategy and returns. The Directors and the Manager are confident that the current strategy will continue to return positive levels of growth over the long-term. 2. Share Prices  Discount/Premium The Company’ shares traded at an average premium of 10.61% and 11.08% to NAV for its Sterling shares and US Dollar shares respectively for the year ended 31 December 2022. 3. Ongoing Charges The Company’s ongoing charges ratio has increased from 2.43% to 6.11% on the Sterling shares and increased from 2.25% to 6.16% on the US Dollar shares  primarily due to changes in the level of the Manager’s performance fee as a result of relative performance. The Company reports an aggregated view of the charges for both the Sterling shares and US Dollar shares. Further details are in the Directors’ Report. Return per Share Total return per share is based on the net total gain on ordinary activities after tax of £195 693 403 for the Sterling share class and a net gain of US$19 301 255 for the US Dollar share class (2021: gains of £16 571 134 and US$2 281 013 respectively). These calculations are based on the weighted average number of shares in issue for the year ended 31 December 2022  resulting in: 28 620 989 Sterling shares and 2 722 649 US Dollar shares (2021: Sterling shares: 18 461 608 and US Dollar shares: 2 316 734). Year ended Year ended 31.12.22 31.12.21 Per share '000 Per share '000 Net total gain for Sterling Shares 683.74p £195 693 89.76p £16 571 Net total gain for US Dollar Shares 708.91c US$19 301 98.46c US$2 281 NAV The NAV per Sterling share  as at 31 December 2022 was £41.81 based on net assets of £1 260 922 944  divided by number of Sterling shares in issue of 30 156 454 (2021: £34.30). The NAV per US Dollar share  as at 31 December 2022 was US$43.28 based on net assets of US$123 685 664 divided by number of US Dollar shares in issue of 2 858 135 (2021: US$35.71). Dividends No dividends were paid during the year (2021: US$Nil). Viability Statement The investment objective of the Company is to seek to generate consistent long-term capital appreciation through an investment policy of investing all of its assets (net of funds required for its short-term working capital) in the Master Fund. The Directors have assessed the viability of the Company over the period to 31 December 2025. The Viability Statement covers a period of three years  which the Directors consider sufficient given the inherent uncertainty of the investment world and the specific risks to which the Company is exposed. The continuation of the Company in its present form is largely dependent on the management agreement between the Company and the Manager (the “Management Agreement”) remaining in place. The Management Agreement was  as at the 2022 financial year end  generally terminable on three months’ notice by either party save for certain exceptions. This was changed in January 2023 to a twelve month notice period save for certain exceptions. To ensure that the Company maintains a constructive and informed relationship with the Manager  the Directors meet regularly with the Manager to review the Master Fund’s performance  and through the Management Engagement Committee  they review the Company’s relationship with the Manager and the Manager’s performance and effectiveness. The Directors currently know of no reason why either the Company or the Manager might serve notice of termination of the Management Agreement over the period of this Viability Statement. The Company’s assets exceed its liabilities by a considerable margin. Furthermore  the majority of the Company’s most significant expenses  being the fees owing to the Manager and to the Administrator  fluctuate by reference to the Company’s investment performance and NAV. The Company is able to meet its expenses by redeeming shares in the Master Fund as necessary  as and when required to enable the Company to meet its ordinary course operating expenses. The Company’s investment performance depends upon the performance of the Master Fund and the Manager as manager of the Master Fund. The Directors  in assessing the viability of the Company  pay particular attention to the risks facing the Master Fund. The Manager operates a risk management framework  which is intended to identify  measure  monitor  report and  where appropriate  mitigate key risks identified by it or its affiliates in respect of the Master Fund. Although the Company’s shares have largely traded at a premium for some time  in the event that there is downward pressure on the Company’s share prices  the Company is able to consider resuming active discount management actions  including share buybacks  so that as far as possible the share prices would more closely reflect the Company’s underlying performance; such actions should help to mitigate the risk of class closure resolutions being triggered after that date. The Company is able to meet the costs of share buybacks by redeeming shares in the Master Fund as necessary  on three months’ notice to the extent required to enable the Company to make an annual redemption offer (as defined in the Articles). Refer to note 8 in the Audited Financial Statements for details of the Company’s discount management programme. The Directors have carried out a robust assessment of the risks and  on the assumption that the risks are managed or mitigated in the ways noted above  the Directors have a reasonable expectation that the Company will be able to continue in operation and meet its liabilities as they fall due over the three-year period of their assessment. Although the Company is domiciled in Guernsey  the Board has considered the guidance set out in the Association of Investment Companies (the “AIC”) Code in relation to Section 172 of the Companies Act 2006 in the UK. Section 172 of the Companies Act requires that the Directors of the Company act in the way they consider  in good faith  is most likely to promote the success of the Company for the benefit of all stakeholders  including suppliers  customers and Shareholders. Key Service Providers The Company does not have any employees and  as such  the Board delegates responsibility for its day-to-day operations to a number of key service providers. The activities of each service provider are closely monitored by the Board and they are required to report to the Board at set intervals. In addition  a formal review of the performance of each service provider is carried out once a year by the Management Engagement Committee. The Manager The Manager is a leading and well-established hedge fund manager. In exchange for its services  a fee is payable as detailed in note 4 to the Audited Financial Statements. The Board considers that  under the Company’s current investment objective  the interests of Shareholders  as a whole  are best served by the ongoing appointment of the Manager. Administrator and Corporate Secretary Northern Trust International Fund Administration Services (Guernsey) Limited is the Administrator and its corporate secretary (the “Corporate Secretary”). Further details on fee structure are included in note 4 to the Audited Financial Statements. Signed on behalf of the Board by: Richard Horlick Chair John Le Poidevin Director 28 March 2023 Directors’ Report 31 December 2022 The Directors submit their Report together with the Company’s Audited Statement of Assets and Liabilities  Audited Statement of Operations  Audited Statement of Changes in Net Assets  Audited Statement of Cash Flows and the related notes for the year ended 31 December 2022. The Directors’ Report together with the Audited Financial Statements and their related notes (the “Audited Financial Statements”) give a true and fair view of the financial position of the Company. They have been prepared in accordance with United States Generally Accepted Accounting Principles (“US GAAP”) and are in agreement with the accounting records. The Company BH Macro Limited is a limited liability closed-ended investment company which was incorporated in Guernsey on 17 January 2007 and then admitted to the Official List of the London Stock Exchange (""LSE"") later that year. Currently  ordinary shares are issued in Sterling and US Dollars. Investment Objective and Policy The Company is organised as a feeder fund that invests all of its assets (net of short-term working capital requirements) directly in the Master Fund  a hedge fund in the form of a Cayman Islands open-ended investment company  which has as its investment objective the generation of consistent long-term appreciation through active leveraged trading and investment on a global basis. The Master Fund is managed by Brevan Howard Capital Management LP  the Company’s Manager. The Master Fund has flexibility to invest in a wide range of instruments including  but not limited to  debt securities and obligations (which may be below investment grade)  bank loans  listed and unlisted equities  other collective investment schemes  currencies  commodities  digital assets  futures  options  warrants  swaps and other derivative instruments. The underlying philosophy is to construct strategies  often contingent in nature  with superior risk/return profiles  whose outcome will often be crystallised by an expected event occurring within a pre-determined period of time. The Master Fund employs a combination of investment strategies that focus primarily on economic change and monetary policy and market inefficiencies. The Company may employ leverage for the purposes of financing share purchases or buy backs  satisfying working capital requirements or financing further investment into the Master Fund  subject to an aggregate borrowing limit of 20% of the Company’s NAV  calculated as at the time of borrowing. Borrowing by the Company is in addition to leverage at the Master Fund level  which has no limit on its own leverage. Results and Dividends The results for the year are set out in the Audited Statement of Operations. The Directors do not recommend the payment of a dividend. Share Capital As approved by the Shareholders at the Annual General Meeting held on 24 September 2021  the Directors had the power to issue further shares for cash totalling 7 965 377 Sterling shares and 931 107 US Dollar shares  respectively; with authority to dis-apply pre-emption rights in respect of 279 360 shares designated as US Dollar shares and 2 389 852 shares designated as Sterling share. These authorities expired at the conclusion of the 9 September 2022 Annual General Meeting. An additional authority to dis-apply pre-emption rights in respect of Sterling shares only was adopted at the 5 May 2022 Extraordinary General Meeting (""EGM"")  as noted below. As approved by the Shareholders at an EGM held on 5 May 2022  the Directors had the power to issue further shares for cash on a non-pre-emptive basis totalling 2 707 396 Sterling shares. This power expired on the conclusion of the 9 September 2022 Annual General Meeting of the Company. As approved by the Shareholders at the Annual General Meeting held on 9 September 2022  the Directors had the power to issue further shares for cash on a non-pre-emptive basis totalling 9 818 410 Sterling shares and 873 549 US Dollar shares  respectively. This power was due to expire fifteen months after the passing of the resolution or on the conclusion of the next Annual General Meeting of the Company  whichever was earlier  unless such power was varied  revoked or renewed prior to that Meeting by a resolution of the Company in general meeting. As noted below  subsequent to the year end  this authority was superseded by a shareholder resolution adopted on 6 February 2023. During the year ended 31 December 2022  the following share issues were made: On 14 January 2022  the Company issued 921 862 Sterling shares at a price of 3 670 pence per share. On 16 March 2022  the Company issued 268 379 Sterling shares at a price of 3 770 pence per share. On 19 May 2022  the Company issued 1 521 441 Sterling shares at a price of 4 270 pence per share. On 26 May 2022  the Company issued 59 631 Sterling shares at a price of 4 300 pence per share. On 16 June 2022  the Company issued 582 182 Sterling shares at a price of 4 455 pence per share. On 7 July 2022  the Company issued 187 684 Sterling shares at a price of 4 300 pence per share. On 11 August 2022  the Company issued 356 458 Sterling shares and 185 000 US Dollar shares at a price of 4 375 pence per share and US$44.20 per share  respectively. On 2 September 2022  the Company issued 94 360 US Dollar shares at a price of US$47.30 per share. On 13 October 2022  the Company issued 303 513 Sterling shares at a price of 4 600 pence per share. The number of shares in issue at year end is disclosed in note 5 of the Audited Financial Statements. Subsequent to the year end: (a) on 23 January 2023  the Board announced the commencement of its initial issue (the “Initial Issue”)  comprising of the initial placing (the “Placing”)  intermediaries offer (the “Intermediaries Offer”) and offer for subscription (the “Offer for Subscription”)  together with an issuance programme for subsequent issues  which remains open until 23 January 2024 (the “Issuance Programme”)  in respect of the issue of up to an aggregate of 220 million shares (based on a 10:1 share split); the issue of circular for an EGM  which was held on 6 February 2023  in relation to the Initial Issue  Issuance Programme and share sub-division; and details of amendments to the Management Agreement  including terms of the Company's investment in the Master Fund  in order to reflect the increased investment of the Company in the Master Fund as a result of the Initial Issue and the Issuance Programme. Further details are disclosed in note 11 to the Audited Financial Statements; (b) on 6 February 2023  following the EGM  the Company announced that (i) the Board was empowered to allot and issue  in aggregate  up to 220 million new shares of no par value in the Company designated as Sterling shares or US Dollar shares  as if the pre-emption provisions of the Company’s articles of incorporation (“Articles”) did not apply; and (ii) each existing share would be sub-divided into 10 shares of the same currency class and with the same rights and subject to the same restrictions as the then existing shares of the same currency class  in the capital of the Company  with the sub-divided shares to be admitted to listing the following day. These resolutions superseded the relevant resolutions adopted at the 2022 Annual General Meeting. Further details are disclosed in note 11 to the Audited Financial Statements; and (c) on 13 February 2023  the completion of the Initial Issue was announced. A total of 72 378 000 Sterling shares and 746 400 US Dollar shares were issued in the Initial Issue at a price per share equal  respectively  to 431.5 pence per Sterling share and US$4.47 per US Dollar share  raising gross proceeds of approximately £312.3m for the Sterling share class and US$3.3m for the US Dollar share class. Going Concern The Directors  having considered the Principal and Emerging Risks and Uncertainties to which the Company is exposed  which are listed in the Strategic Report and on the assumption that these are managed or mitigated as noted  are not aware of any material uncertainties which may cast significant doubt upon the Company’s ability to continue as a going concern and  accordingly  consider that it is appropriate that the Company continues to adopt the going concern basis of accounting for these Audited Financial Statements. The Board continues to monitor the ongoing impact of various geopolitical events  including the disruption arising from the aftermath of the COVID-19 pandemic  elevated levels of global inflation  recessionary risks and the ongoing war in Ukraine. The Board has concluded that the biggest threat to the Company in relation to these geopolitical concerns remains the failure of a key service provider to maintain business continuity and resiliency. The Board has assessed the measures in place by key service providers to maintain business continuity and  so far  has not identified any significant issues that affect the Company. The financial position of the Company has not been negatively impacted by these geopolitical events either. For these reasons  the Board is confident that these events have not impacted the going concern assessment of the Company. The Board The Board of Directors has overall responsibility for safeguarding the Company’s assets  for the determination of the investment policy of the Company  for reviewing the performance of the service providers and for the Company’s activities. The Directors  all of whom are non-executive  are listed in the Board Members section. The Articles provide that  unless otherwise determined by ordinary resolution  the number of Directors shall not be less than two. The Company’s policy on Directors’ Remuneration  together with details of the remuneration of each Director who served during the year  is detailed in the Directors’ Remuneration Report. The Board meets at least four times a year and between these formal meetings  there is regular contact with the Manager and the Administrator. The Directors are kept fully informed of investment and financial controls  and other matters that are relevant to the business of the Company are brought to the attention of the Directors. The Directors also have access to the Administrator and  where necessary in the furtherance of their duties  to independent professional advice at the expense of the Company. For each Director  the tables below set out the number of Board and Audit Committee meetings they were entitled to attend during the year ended 31 December 2022 and the number of such meetings attended by each Director. Scheduled Board Meetings Held Attended Richard Horlick 4 4 Caroline Chan* 1 1 Julia Chapman 4 4 Bronwyn Curtis 4 4 John Le Poidevin 4 4 Claire Whittet 4 4Audit Committee MeetingsHeld Attended John Le Poidevin 4 4 Caroline Chan* 1 1 Julia Chapman 4 3 Bronwyn Curtis 4 4 Claire Whittet 4 4 Remuneration and Nomination Committee Meetings Held Attended Richard Horlick 1 1 Caroline Chan* N/A N/A Julia Chapman 1 1 Bronwyn Curtis 1 1 John Le Poidevin 1 1 Claire Whittet 1 1 Management Engagement Committee Meetings Held Attended Richard Horlick 1 1 Caroline Chan* N/A N/A Julia Chapman 1 1 Bronwyn Curtis 1 1 John Le Poidevin 1 1 Claire Whittet 1 1 * Caroline Chan was appointed to each of the Board  the Audit Committee  the Remuneration and Nomination Committee and the Management Engagement Committee on 6 December 2022. In addition to these scheduled meetings  14 ad-hoc committee meetings were held during the year ended 31 December 2022  which were attended by those Directors available at the time. The Board has reviewed the composition  structure and diversity of the Board  succession planning  the independence of the Directors and whether each of the Directors has sufficient time available to discharge their duties effectively. The Board confirms that it believes that it has an appropriate mix of skills and backgrounds  that all of the Directors are considered to be independent in accordance with the provisions of the AIC Code and that all Directors have the time available to discharge their duties effectively. The Chair and the Directors’ tenures are limited to nine years  which is consistent with the principles listed in the UK Corporate Governance Code. Notwithstanding that some of the Directors sit on the boards of a number of other listed investment companies  the Board notes that each appointment is non-executive and that listed investment companies generally have a lower level of complexity and time commitment than trading companies. Furthermore  the Board notes that attendance of all Board and Committee meetings during the year is high and that each Director has always shown the time commitment necessary to discharge fully and effectively their duties as a Director. Directors’ Interests The Directors had the following interests in the Company  held either directly or beneficially: Sterling Shares 31.12.22 31.12.21 Richard Horlick 20 000 20 000 Caroline Chan1 Nil N/A Julia Chapman 626 626 Bronwyn Curtis 1 000 1 000 John Le Poidevin 5 482 5 482 Claire Whittet2 1 500 1 500US Dollar Shares 31.12.22 31.12.21 Richard Horlick Nil Nil Caroline Chan1 Nil N/A Julia Chapman Nil Nil Bronwyn Curtis Nil Nil John Le Poidevin Nil Nil Claire Whittet Nil Nil 1 Caroline Chan was appointed to the Board on 6 December 2022. 2 All units are held through a Retirement Annuity Trust Scheme  jointly owned by Mrs Whittet and her husband. On 23 January 2023  the Board announced the commencement of its Initial Issue  comprising of the Placing  Intermediaries Offer and Offer for Subscription of new ordinary shares of no par value in the capital of the Company  together with an issuance programme for subsequent issues  which remains open until 23 January 2024. On 13 February 2023  the Board participated in the Initial Issue for the following amounts: Richard Horlick  US$89 400 of US Dollar shares; Caroline Chan  £50 000 of Sterling shares; Bronwyn Curtis  £100 000 of Sterling shares; John Le Poidevin  £90 000 of Sterling shares; and Claire Whittet  £35 000 Sterling shares. Directors’ Indemnity Directors’ and Officers’ liability insurance cover is in place in respect of the Directors. The Directors entered into indemnity agreements with the Company which provide  subject to the provisions of the Companies (Guernsey) Law  2008  for an indemnity for Directors in respect of costs which they may incur relating to the defence of proceedings brought against them arising out of their positions as Directors  in which they are acquitted  or judgement is given in their favour by the Court. The agreement does not provide for any indemnification for liability which attaches to the Directors in connection with any negligence  unfavourable judgements and breach of duty or trust in relation to the Company. Corporate Governance To comply with the UK Listing Regime  the Company must comply with the requirements of the UK Corporate Governance Code. The Company is also required to comply with the Code of Corporate Governance issued by the Guernsey Financial Services Commission. The Company is a member of the AIC and by complying with the AIC Code it is deemed to comply with both the UK Corporate Governance Code and the Guernsey Code of Corporate Governance. To ensure ongoing compliance with the principles and the recommendations of the AIC Code  the Board receives and reviews a report from the Corporate Secretary  at each quarterly meeting  identifying whether the Company is in compliance and recommending any changes that are necessary. The Company has complied with the requirements of the AIC Code and the relevant provisions of the UK Corporate Governance Code  except as set out below. The UK Corporate Governance Code includes provisions relating to: · the role of the chief executive; · executive directors’ remuneration; · the need for an internal audit function; and · a whistle-blowing policy. For the reasons explained in the UK Corporate Governance Code  the Board considers these provisions are not relevant to the position of the Company as it is an externally managed investment company with a Board formed exclusively of non-executive Directors. The Company has therefore not reported further in respect of these provisions. The Company does not have employees  hence no whistle-blowing policy is necessary. However  the Directors have satisfied themselves that the Company’s service providers have appropriate whistle-blowing policies and procedures and seek regular confirmation from the service providers that nothing has arisen under those policies and procedures which should be brought to the attention of the Board. The Company has adopted a policy that the composition of the Board of Directors is at all times such that (i) a majority of the Directors are independent of the Manager and any company in the same group as the Manager (the “Manager’s Group”); (ii) the Chair of the Board of Directors is free from any conflicts of interest and is independent of the Manager’s Group; and (iii) no more than one director  partner  employee or professional adviser to the Manager’s Group may be a Director of the Company at any one time. The Company has adopted a Code of Directors’ dealings in securities. The Company’s risk appetite and risk exposure and the effectiveness of its risk management and internal control systems are reviewed by the Audit Committee and by the Board at their meetings. The Board believes that the Company has adequate and effective systems in place to identify  mitigate and manage the risks to which it is exposed. In view of its non-executive and independent nature  the Board had previously considered that it was not necessary for there to be a Nomination Committee  or a Remuneration Committee as anticipated by the AIC Code. A Remuneration and Nomination Committee was established on 17 June 2022. The Board has included a separate Directors’ Remuneration Report in this Annual Report. For new appointments to the Board  a specialist independent recruitment firm is engaged as and when appropriate  nominations are sought from the Directors and from other relevant parties and candidates are then interviewed by the Directors. The current Board has a breadth of experience relevant to the Company  and the Directors believe that any changes to the Board’s composition can be managed without undue disruption. An induction programme is provided for newly-appointed Directors. In line with the AIC Code  Article 21.3 of the Company’s Articles requires all Directors to retire at each Annual General Meeting. At the Annual General Meeting of the Company on 9 September 2022  Shareholders re-elected all the then incumbent Directors of the Company  except for Caroline Chan  who was appointed on 6 December 2022. The Board  through the Remuneration and Nomination Committee  regularly reviews its composition and believes that the current appointments provide an appropriate range of skill  experience and diversity. Having served nine years as a Board member  Claire Whittet will not seek re-election at the forthcoming Annual General Meeting of the Company. Each of the Board  the Audit Committee  the Management Engagement Committee and the Remuneration and Nomination Committee undertakes an evaluation of their own performance and that of individual Directors on an annual basis. In order to review their effectiveness  the Board and its Committees carry out a process of formal self-appraisal. The Board and the Committees consider how they function as a whole and also review the individual performance of their members. This process is conducted by the Chair of each Committee reviewing the relevant Directors’ performance  contribution and commitment to the Company. Claire Whittet has been Senior Independent Director since 20 June 2019 and takes the lead in evaluating the performance of the Chair. Board Performance The performance of the Board and that of each individual Director is scheduled for external evaluation every three years. The most recent external evaluation of the Board’s performance was completed in March 2022 and it confirmed that the Board works in a collegiate  harmonious and effective manner. The evaluation made a number of recommendations for the medium-term structure of the Board  including in relation to future succession planning  and the adoption by the Board of those recommendations has commenced. The Board carries out an annual internal evaluation of its performance in years when an external evaluation is not taking place. There were no matters of note in the last annual internal evaluation. The Board needs to ensure that the Audited Financial Statements  taken as a whole  are fair  balanced and understandable and provide the information necessary for Shareholders to assess the Company’s performance  business model and strategy. In seeking to achieve this  the Directors have set out the Company’s investment objective and policy and have explained how the Board and its delegated Committees operate and how the Directors review the risk environment within which the Company operates and sets appropriate risk controls. Furthermore  throughout the Annual Report  the Board has sought to provide further information to enable shareholders to better understand the Company’s business and financial performance. Policy to Combat Fraud  Bribery and Corruption The Board has adopted a formal policy to combat fraud  bribery and corruption. The policy applies to the Company and to each of its Directors. Furthermore  the policy is shared with each of the Company’s service providers. In respect of the UK Criminal Finances Act 2017  which introduced a new corporate criminal offence of ‘failing to take reasonable steps to prevent the facilitation of tax evasion’  the Board confirms that it is committed to preventing the facilitation of tax evasion and takes all reasonable steps to do so. Social and Environmental Issues The Board also keeps under review developments involving other social and environmental issues  such as modern slavery  and will report on those to the extent they are considered relevant to the Company’s operations. Further explanation of these issues is detailed under 'Climate Change and ESG Risks'. Ongoing Charges The ongoing charges (the “Ongoing Charges”) represent the Company’s management fee and all other operating expenses  excluding finance costs  performance fees  share issue or buyback costs and non-recurring legal and professional fees  expressed as a percentage of the average of the daily net assets during the year. Ongoing Charges for the years ended 31 December 2022 and 31 December 2021 have been prepared in accordance with the AIC’s recommended methodology. The following table presents the Ongoing Charges for each share class of the Company for the years ended 31 December 2022 and 31 December 2021. 31.12.22 Sterling US Dollar Shares Shares Company – Ongoing Charges 1.68% 1.74% Master Fund – Ongoing Charges 0.20% 0.22% Performance fees 4.23% 4.20% Ongoing Charges plus performance fees 6.11% 6.16% 31.12.21 Sterling US Dollar Shares Shares Company – Ongoing Charges 1.34% 1.11% Master Fund – Ongoing Charges 0.45% 0.45% Performance fees 0.64% 0.69% Ongoing Charges plus performance fees 2.43% 2.25% The Master Fund’s ongoing charges represent the portion of the Master Fund’s operating expenses which have been allocated to the Company. The Company invests substantially all of its investable assets in ordinary Sterling and US Dollar-denominated Class B shares issued by the Master Fund. These shares are not subject to management fees and performance fees within the Master Fund. The Master Fund’s operating expenses include an operational services fee payable to the Manager of 1/12 of 0.5% per month of the prevailing Master Fund NAV attributable to the Company’s investment in the Master Fund. Audit Committee The Company’s Audit Committee conducts formal meetings at least three times a year for the purpose  amongst others  of considering the appointment  independence and effectiveness of the audit and remuneration of the auditors  and to review and recommend the annual statutory accounts and interim report to the Board of Directors. It is chaired by John Le Poidevin and comprises Bronwyn Curtis  Claire Whittet  Julia Chapman and Caroline Chan. The Terms of Reference of the Audit Committee are available from the Administrator. Management Engagement Committee The Board has established a Management Engagement Committee with formal duties and responsibilities. The Management Engagement Committee meets formally at least once a year and comprises all members of the Board. It was chaired by Claire Whittet until 17 June 2022  when Julia Chapman was appointed Chair. The function of the Management Engagement Committee is to ensure that the Company’s Management Agreement is competitive and reasonable for the Shareholders  along with the Company’s agreements with all other third-party service providers (other than KPMG Channel Islands Limited (the “Independent Auditor”)). The Management Engagement Committee also monitors the performance of all service providers on an annual basis and writes to each service provider regarding their Business Continuity Plans. To date  all services have proved to be robust and there has been no disruption to the Company. The Terms of Reference of the Management Engagement Committee are available from the Administrator. The details of the Manager’s fees and notice period are set out in note 4 to the Audited Financial Statements. The Board continuously monitors the performance of the Manager and a review of the Manager is conducted by the Management Engagement Committee annually. The Manager has wide experience in managing and administering investment companies and has access to extensive investment management resources. At its meeting on 9 September 2022  the Management Engagement Committee concluded that the continued appointment of each of the Manager  the Administrator  the Company’s UK and Guernsey legal advisers  the Registrar and corporate broker on the terms agreed was in the interests of the Company’s Shareholders as a whole. At the date of this report  the Board continues to be of the same opinion. Remuneration and Nomination Committee The Board established a Remuneration and Nomination Committee on 17 June 2022 with formal duties and responsibilities. The Remuneration and Nomination Committee meets formally at least once a year  is chaired by Bronwyn Curtis and comprises all members of the Board. The function of the Remuneration and Nomination Committee is to: · regularly review the structure  size and composition of the Board and make recommendations to the Board with regard to any changes that are deemed necessary; · identify  from a variety of sources  candidates to fill Board vacancies as and when they arise with a continued focus on Board diversity; · assess and articulate the time needed to fulfil the role of the Chair and of a non-executive director  and undertake an annual performance evaluation to ensure that all the members of the Board have devoted sufficient time to their duties  and also to review their contribution to the work of the Board and the breadth of experience of the Board as a whole; and · annually review the levels of remuneration of the Chair of the Board  the Chair of the Audit Committee and the Chair of each other Board committee and other non-executive directors having regard to the maximum aggregate remuneration that may be paid under the Company’s Articles. Internal Controls Responsibility for the establishment and maintenance of an appropriate system of internal control rests with the Board and to achieve this  a process has been established which seeks to: · review the risks faced by the Company and the controls in place to address those risks; · identify and report changes in the risk environment; · identify and report changes in the operational controls; · identify and report on the effectiveness of controls and errors arising; and · ensure no override of controls by the Manager  the Administrator and its other service providers. A report is tabled and discussed at each Audit Committee meeting  and reviewed at least once a year by the Board  setting out the Company’s risk exposure and the effectiveness of its risk management and internal control systems. The Board believes that the Company has adequate and effective systems in place to identify  mitigate and manage the risks to which it is exposed. In order to recognise any new risks that could impact the Company and ensure that appropriate controls are in place to manage those risks  the Audit Committee undertakes a regular review of the Company’s risk matrix. This review took place on three occasions during the year. The Board has delegated the management of the Company and the administration  corporate secretarial and registrar functions  including the independent calculation of the Company’s NAV and the production of the Annual Report and Audited Financial Statements  which are independently audited. Whilst the Board delegates these functions  it remains responsible for the functions it delegates and for the systems of internal control. Formal contractual agreements have been put in place between the Company and the providers of these services. On an ongoing basis  Board reports are provided at each quarterly Board meeting by the Manager  the Administrator and Corporate Secretary and the Registrar. A representative from the Manager is asked to attend these meetings. In common with most investment companies  the Company does not have an internal audit function. All of the Company’s management functions are delegated to the Manager  the Administrator and Corporate Secretary and the Registrar which have their own internal audit and risk assessment functions. Further reports are received from the Administrator in respect of compliance  LSE continuing obligations and other matters. The reports were reviewed by the Board. No material adverse findings were identified in these reports. International Tax Reporting For purposes of the US Foreign Account Tax Compliance Act  the Company registered with the US Internal Revenue Services (“IRS”) as a Guernsey reporting Foreign Financial Institution (“FFI”)  received a Global Intermediary Identification Number (5QHZVI.99999.SL.831)  and can be found on the IRS FFI list. The Common Reporting Standard (“CRS”) is a global standard for the automatic exchange of financial account information developed by the Organisation for Economic Co-operation and Development (“OECD”)  which was adopted by Guernsey and came into effect on 1 January 2016. The CRS replaced the intergovernmental agreement between the UK and Guernsey to improve international tax compliance that had previously applied in respect of 2014 and 2015. The Company made its latest report for CRS to the Director of Income Tax on 27 June 2022. Relations with Shareholders The Board welcomes Shareholders’ views and places great importance on communication with the Company’s Shareholders. The Board receives regular reports on the views of Shareholders and the Chair and other Directors are available to meet Shareholders  with a number of such meetings taking place during the period. The Company provides weekly unaudited estimates of NAV  month end unaudited estimates and unaudited final NAVs. The Company also provides a monthly newsletter. These are published via RNS and are also available on the Company’s website. Risk reports of the Master Fund are also available on the Company’s website. The Manager maintains regular dialogue with institutional Shareholders  the feedback from which is reported to the Board. Shareholders who wish to communicate with the Board should contact the Administrator in the first instance. Having reviewed the Financial Conduct Authority’s restrictions on the retail distribution of non-mainstream pooled investments  the Company  after taking legal advice  announced on 15 January 2014 that it is outside the scope of those restrictions  so that its shares can continue to be recommended by UK authorised persons to ordinary retail investors. Following the publication of the updated AIC Code in February 2019  when 20 per cent or more of Shareholder votes have been cast against a Board recommendation for a resolution  the Company should explain  when announcing voting results  what actions it intends to take to consult Shareholders in order to understand the reasons behind the result. An update on the views received from Shareholders and actions taken should be published no later than six months after the Shareholder meeting. The Board should then provide a final summary in the Annual Report and  if applicable  in the explanatory notes to resolutions at the next Shareholder meeting  on what impact the feedback has had on the decisions the Board has taken and any actions or resolutions now proposed. During the period  no resolution recommended by the Board received 20 per cent or more votes against it. As at 24 March 2023  the following Shareholders had significant shareholdings in the Company: % holding in class Significant Shareholders Sterling Shares Ferlim Nominees Limited 20.5% Rathbone Nominees Limited 10.3% Cheviot Capital (Nominees) Limited 6.6% Smith & Williamson Nominees Limited 6.6% Vestra Nominees Limited 4.4% Pershing Nominees Limited 4.3% Lion Nominees Limited 4.1% Vidacos Nominees Limited 3.2% Brewin Nominees Limited 3.1% HSBC Global Custody Nominee (UK) Limited 3.1% % holding in class Significant Shareholders US Dollar Shares Hero Nominees Limited 17.2% Vidacos Nominees Limited 16.3% Euroclear Nominees 13.1% Luna Nominees Limited 5.9% CGWL Nominees Limited 4.3% Rathbone Nominees Limited 3.4% Ferlim Nominees Limited 3.2% Vestra Nominees Limited 3.1% Signed on behalf of the Board by: Richard Horlick Chair John Le Poidevin Director 28 March 2023 Statement of Directors’ Responsibility in respect of the Annual Report and Audited Financial Statements The Directors are responsible for preparing the Annual Report and Audited Financial Statements in accordance with applicable law and regulations. Company law requires the Directors to prepare financial statements for each financial year. Under that law  they are required to prepare the financial statements in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America and applicable law. Under Company law  the Directors must not approve the financial statements unless they are satisfied that they give a true and fair view of the state of affairs of the Company and of its profit or loss for that year. In preparing these financial statements  the Directors are required to: · select suitable accounting policies and then apply them consistently; · make judgements and estimates that are reasonable  relevant and reliable; · state whether applicable accounting standards have been followed  subject to any material departures disclosed and explained in the financial statements; · assess the Company’s ability to continue as a going concern  disclosing  as applicable  matters related to the going concern basis; and · use the going concern basis of accounting unless liquidation is imminent. The Directors are responsible for keeping proper accounting records that are sufficient to show and explain the Company’s transactions and disclose with reasonable accuracy at any time the financial position of the Company and enable them to ensure that its financial statements comply with the Companies (Guernsey) Law  2008. They are responsible for such internal control as they determine is necessary to enable the preparation of financial statements that are free from material misstatement  whether due to fraud or error  and have general responsibility for taking such steps as are reasonably open to them to safeguard the assets of the Company and to prevent and detect fraud and other irregularities. The Directors are responsible for the maintenance and integrity of the corporate and financial information included on the Company’s website. Legislation in Guernsey governing the preparation and dissemination of financial statements may differ from legislation in other jurisdictions. RESPONSIBILITY STATEMENT OF THE DIRECTORS IN RESPECT OF THE ANNUAL FINANCIAL REPORT We confirm that to the best of our knowledge: · so far as each of the Directors is aware  there is no relevant audit information of which the Company’s Independent Auditor is unaware  and each has taken all the steps they ought to have taken as a Director to make themselves aware of any relevant information and to establish that the Company’s Independent Auditor is aware of that information; · the financial statements  prepared in accordance with the applicable set of accounting standards  give a true and fair view of the assets  liabilities  financial position and profit or loss of the Company; and · each of the Chair’s Statement  the Strategic Report  the Directors’ Report and the Manager’s Report includes a fair review of the development and performance of the business and the position of the Company  together with a description of the principal risks and uncertainties that it faces. We consider the Annual Report and Audited Financial Statements  taken as a whole  are fair  balanced and understandable and provide the information necessary for Shareholders to assess the Company’s position and performance  business model and strategy. Signed on behalf of the Board by: Richard Horlick Chair John Le Poidevin Director 28 March 2023 Directors’ Remuneration Report 31 December 2022 Introduction An ordinary resolution for the approval of the Directors’ Remuneration Report was passed by the Shareholders at the Annual General Meeting held on 9 September 2022. Remuneration policy A Remuneration and Nomination Committee was established on 17 June 2022. Prior to this  the Board as a whole considered matters relating to the Directors’ remuneration. No advice or services were provided by any external person in respect of its consideration of the Directors’ remuneration. The Company’s policy is that the fees payable to the Directors should reflect the time spent by the Directors on the Company’s affairs and the responsibilities borne by the Directors and be sufficient to attract  retain and motivate Directors of a quality required to run the Company successfully. The Chair of the Board is paid a higher fee in recognition of his additional responsibilities  as are the Chairs of the various Board committees and the Senior Independent Director. The policy is to review fee rates periodically  although such a review will not necessarily result in any changes to the rates  and account is taken of fees paid to Directors of comparable companies. There are no long-term incentive schemes provided by the Company and no performance fees are paid to Directors. No Director has a service contract with the Company but each of the Directors is appointed by a letter of appointment which sets out the main terms of their appointment. The Directors were appointed to the Board for an initial term of three years and Article 21.3 of the Company’s Articles requires  as does the AIC Code  that all of the Directors retire at each Annual General Meeting. At the Annual General Meeting of the Company on 9 September 2022  Shareholders re-elected all the Directors  except for Caroline Chan  who was appointed as a Director on 6 December 2022. Director appointments can also be terminated in accordance with the Articles. Should Shareholders vote against a Director standing for re-election  the Director affected will not be entitled to any compensation. There are no set notice periods and a Director may resign by notice in writing to the Board at any time. Directors are remunerated in the form of fees  payable quarterly in arrears  to the Director personally. No other remuneration or compensation was paid or payable by the Company during the year to any of the Directors apart from the reimbursement of allowable expenses. Directors’ fees Until 30 June 2022  the Company’s Articles limited the fees payable to Directors in aggregate to £400 000 per annum. The annual Directors’ fees were: £70 000 for Richard Horlick  the Chair; £55 000 for John Le Poidevin  the Chair of the Audit Committee; £50 000 for Claire Whittet  as Chair of the Management Engagement Committee and the Senior Independent Director and £45 000 for all other Directors. The annual Directors’ fees from 1 July 2022 have been: Fee per annum Role £ Board Chair 90 000 Audit Committee Chair 65 000 Management Engagement Committee Chair 55 000 Remuneration and Nomination Committee Chair 55 000 Senior Independent Auditor 55 000 All other Directors 50 000 At the Annual General Meeting  held on 9 September 2022  Shareholders approved an increase in the annual aggregate limit of fees payable to Directors from £400 000 per annum to £800 000 per annum. The fees payable by the Company in respect of each of the Directors who served during the year ended 31 December 2022 and the year ended 31 December 2021 were as follows: Yearended Yearended 31.12.22 31.12.21 £ £ Richard Horlick* 80 000 66 678 Colin Maltby** N/A 8 822 Caroline Chan*** 3 562 N/A Julia Chapman**** 50 000 11 250 Bronwyn Curtis 50 000 45 000 John Le Poidevin 60 000 55 000 Claire Whittet 52 500 50 000 Total 296 062 236 750 * On 15 February 2021  Richard Horlick was appointed Chair at a fee of £70 000 p.a. Prior to that date  he served as a Director at a fee of £45 000 p.a. From 1 July 2022  his fee was £90 000 p.a. ** Colin Maltby retired as Chair and Director on 15 February 2021 and was paid a fee of £70 000 p.a. until that date. *** Caroline Chan was appointed to the Board on 6 December 2022 at a fee of £50 000 p.a. **** Julia Chapman was appointed to the Board on 1 October 2021 at a fee of £45 000 p.a. From 1 July 2022  she was paid £55 000 per annum as Chair of the Management Engagement Committee. Signed on behalf of the Board by: Richard Horlick Chair John Le Poidevin Director 28 March 2023 Report of the Audit Committee 31 December 2022 We present the Audit Committee’s (the “Committee”) Report for 2022  setting out the Committee’s structure and composition  principal duties and key activities during the year. As in previous years  the Committee has reviewed the Company’s financial reporting  the independence and effectiveness of the Independent Auditor and the internal control and risk management systems of the service providers. Structure and Composition The Committee is chaired by John Le Poidevin and its other members are Claire Whittet  Bronwyn Curtis and Julia Chapman. Caroline Chan was appointed to the Audit Committee on 6 December 2022. Appointment to the Committee is for a period of up to three years which may be extended for two further three-year periods  provided that the majority of the Committee remains independent of the Manager. Claire Whittet is currently serving her third term. John Le Poidevin is currently serving his third term  Bronwyn Curtis is serving her second term and Julia Chapman and Caroline Chan are serving their first terms. The Committee conducts formal meetings at least three times a year. The table in the Directors’ Report sets out the number of Committee meetings held during the year ended 31 December 2022 and the number of such meetings attended by each committee member. The Independent Auditor is invited to attend those meetings at which the annual and interim reports are considered. The Independent Auditor and the Committee will meet together without representatives of either the Administrator or the Manager being present if the Committee considers this to be necessary. Principal Duties The role of the Committee includes: · monitoring the integrity of the published Financial Statements of the Company; · reviewing and reporting to the Board on the significant issues and judgements made in the preparation of the Company’s published Financial Statements (having regard to matters communicated by the Independent Auditor)  significant financial returns to regulators and other financial information; · monitoring and reviewing the quality and effectiveness of the Independent Auditor and their independence; · considering and making recommendations to the Board on the appointment  reappointment  replacement and remuneration to the Company’s Independent Auditor; and · monitoring and reviewing the internal control and risk management systems of the service providers. The complete details of the Committee’s formal duties and responsibilities are set out in the Committee’s Terms of Reference  which can be obtained from the Company’s Administrator. The independence and objectivity of the Independent Auditor is reviewed by the Committee  which also reviews the terms under which the Independent Auditor is appointed to perform non-audit services  which includes consideration of the Financial Reporting Council Revised Ethical Standard 2019. The Committee has also established policies and procedures for the engagement of the Company’s auditor to provide audit  assurance and other services. The services which the Independent Auditor may not provide are any which: · places them in a position to audit their own work; · creates a mutuality of interest; · results in the Independent Auditor functioning as a manager or employee of the Company; or · puts the Independent Auditor in the role of advocate of the Company. Independent Auditor The audit and any non-audit fees proposed by the Independent Auditor each year are reviewed by the Committee taking into account the Company’s structure  operations and other requirements during the year and the Committee makes recommendations to the Board. KPMG Channel Islands Limited (“KPMG CI”) has been the Company’s Independent Auditor from the date of the initial listing on the London Stock Exchange. The external audit was most recently tendered for the year ended 31 December 2016  where KPMG CI was re-appointed as auditor following the completion of the tender process. Key Activities in 2022 The following sections discuss the assessment made by the Committee during the year: Significant Financial Statement Issues The Committee’s review of the annual Audited Financial Statements focused on the following area: The Company’s investment in the Master Fund had a fair value of US$1 628.8 million as at 31 December 2022 and represents substantially all the net assets of the Company. The valuation of the investment is determined in accordance with the Accounting Policies set out in note 3 to the Audited Financial Statements. The Financial Statements of the Master Fund for the year ended 31 December 2022 were audited by KPMG Cayman who issued an unqualified audit opinion dated 24 March 2023. The Audit Committee has reviewed the Financial Statements of the Master Fund and the accounting policies and determined the fair value of the investment as at 31 December 2022 is reasonable. This matter was discussed during the planning and final stage of the audit and there was no significant divergence of views between the Committee and the Independent Auditor. The Committee has carried out a robust assessment of the risks to the Company in the context of making the Viability Statement in these Audited Financial Statements. Furthermore  the Committee has concluded it appropriate to continue to prepare the Audited Financial Statements on the going concern basis of accounting. Effectiveness of the Audit The Committee held formal meetings with KPMG CI during the course of the year: 1) before the start of the audit to discuss formal planning and to discuss any potential issues and to agree the scope that would be covered; and 2) after the audit work was concluded  to discuss the significant issues including those stated above. The Committee considered the effectiveness and independence of KPMG CI by using a number of measures  including but not limited to: - reviewing the audit plan presented to them before the start of the audit; - reviewing and challenging the audit findings report including variations from the original plan; - reviewing any changes in audit personnel; and - requesting feedback from both the Manager and the Administrator. Further to the above  during the year ended 31 December 2021  the Committee performed a specific evaluation of the performance of the Independent Auditor. This was supported by the results of questionnaires completed by the Committee covering areas such as the quality of the audit team  business understanding  audit approach and management. There were no significant adverse findings from the 2021 evaluation. Audit Fees and Safeguards on Non-Audit Services The table below summarises the remuneration paid by the Company to KPMG CI for audit and non-audit services during the years ended 31 December 2022 and 31 December 2021. Yearended Yearended 31.12.22 31.12.21 £ £ Annual audit 65 000 55 000 Interim review 33 000 16 000 Specified procedures relating to 30 June 2021 Tender offer - 11 000 Specified procedures relating to 31 July 2021 NAV Review - 11 000 Reporting accountant services - Combination with BH Global - 80 000 The Audit Committee has examined the scope and results of the external audit  its cost effectiveness and the independence and objectivity of the Independent Auditor  with particular regard to non-audit fees  and considers KPMG CI  as Independent Auditor  to be independent of the Company. Further  the Committee has obtained KPMG CI’s confirmation that the services provided by other KPMG member firms to the wider Brevan Howard organisation do not prejudice its independence. Internal Control The Audit Committee has also reviewed the need for an internal audit function. The Committee has concluded that the systems and procedures employed by the Manager and the Administrator  including their own internal audit functions  currently provide sufficient assurance that a sound system of internal control  which safeguards the Company’s assets  is maintained. An internal audit function specific to the Company is therefore considered unnecessary. The Committee examined externally prepared assessments of the control environment in place at the Manager and the Administrator  with the Manager providing an International Standard on Assurance Engagements (“ISAE 3402”) report and the Administrator providing a Service Organisation Control (“SOC1”) report. No significant findings have been noted during the year. Conclusion and Recommendation After reviewing various reports such as the operational and risk management framework and performance reports from the Manager and the Administrator  consulting where necessary with KPMG CI  and assessing the significant Audited Financial Statements’ issues noted in the Report of the Audit Committee  the Committee is satisfied that the Audited Financial Statements appropriately address the critical judgements and key estimates (both in respect of the amounts reported and the disclosures). The Committee is also satisfied that the significant assumptions used for determining the value of assets and liabilities have been appropriately scrutinised and challenged and are sufficiently robust. At the request of the Board  the Audit Committee considered and was satisfied that the 2022 Annual Report and Audited Financial Statements are fair  balanced and understandable and provide the necessary information for Shareholders to assess the Company’s performance  business model and strategy. The Independent Auditor reported to the Committee that no unadjusted material misstatements were found in the course of its work. Furthermore  both the Manager and the Administrator confirmed to the Committee that they were not aware of any unadjusted material misstatements including matters relating to the presentation of the Audited Financial Statements. The Committee confirms that it is satisfied that the Independent Auditor has fulfilled its responsibilities with diligence and professional scepticism. Consequent to the review process on the effectiveness of the independent audit and the review of audit and non-audit services  the Committee has recommended that KPMG CI be reappointed for the coming financial year. For any questions on the activities of the Committee not addressed in the foregoing  a member of the Audit Committee remains available to attend each Annual General Meeting to respond to such questions. John Le Poidevin Audit Committee Chair 28 March 2023 Manager’s Report Brevan Howard Capital Management LP (“BHCM” or the “Manager”) is the manager of BH Macro Limited (the “Company”) and of Brevan Howard Master Fund Limited (the “Master Fund”). The Company invests all of its assets (net of short-term working capital) in the ordinary shares of the Master Fund. Performance Review The NAV per share of the GBP shares of the Company appreciated by 21.91% during 2022  while the NAV per share of the USD shares appreciated by 21.17%. The month-by-month NAV performance of each currency class of the Company since it commenced operations in 2007 is set out below. GBP Jan Feb Mar Apr May Jun Jul Aug Sep Oct Nov Dec YTD 2007 - - 0.11 0.83 0.17 2.28 2.55 3.26 5.92 0.04 3.08 0.89 20.67 2008 10.18 6.85 (2.61) (2.33) 0.95 2.91 1.33 1.21 (2.99) 2.84 4.23 (0.67) 23.25 2009 5.19 2.86 1.18 0.05 3.03 (0.90) 1.36 0.66 1.55 1.02 0.40 0.40 18.00 2010 (0.23) (1.54) 0.06 1.45 0.36 1.39 (1.96) 1.23 1.42 (0.35) (0.30) (0.45) 1.03 2011 0.66 0.52 0.78 0.51 0.59 (0.56) 2.22 6.24 0.39 (0.73) 1.71 (0.46) 12.34 2012 0.90 0.27 (0.37) (0.41) (1.80) (2.19) 2.38 1.01 1.95 (0.35) 0.94 1.66 3.94 2013 1.03 2.43 0.40 3.42 (0.08) (2.95) (0.80) (1.51) 0.06 (0.55) 1.36 0.41 3.09 2014 (1.35) (1.10) (0.34) (0.91) (0.18) (0.09) 0.82 0.04 4.29 (1.70) 0.96 (0.04) 0.26 2015 3.26 (0.58) 0.38 (1.20) 0.97 (0.93) 0.37 (0.74) (0.63) (0.49) 2.27 (3.39) (0.86) 2016 0.60 0.70 (1.78) (0.82) (0.30) 3.31 (0.99) (0.10) (0.68) 0.80 5.05 0.05 5.79 2017 (1.54) 1.86 (2.95) 0.59 (0.68) (1.48) 1.47 0.09 (0.79) (0.96) 0.09 (0.06) (4.35) 2018 2.36 (0.51) (1.68) 1.01 8.19 (0.66) 0.82 0.79 0.04 1.17 0.26 0.31 12.43 2019 0.52 (0.88) 2.43 (0.60) 3.53 3.82 (0.78) 1.00 (1.94) 0.47 (1.22) 1.52 7.98 2020 (1.42) 5.49 18.31 0.19 (0.85) (0.53) 1.74 0.94 (1.16) (0.02) 0.75 3.04 28.09 2021 1.20 0.32 0.81 0.15 0.25 (1.50) (0.49) 0.87 0.40 0.27 0.00 0.47 2.76 2022 0.94 1.79 5.39 3.86 1.66 1.05 0.15 2.84 2.12 (0.40) (1.15) 1.88 21.91 USD Jan Feb Mar Apr May Jun Jul Aug Sep Oct Nov Dec YTD 2007 - - 0.10 0.90 0.15 2.29 2.56 3.11 5.92 0.03 2.96 0.75 20.27 2008 9.89 6.70 (2.79) (2.48) 0.77 2.75 1.13 0.75 (3.13) 2.76 3.75 (0.68) 20.32 2009 5.06 2.78 1.17 0.13 3.14 (0.86) 1.36 0.71 1.55 1.07 0.37 0.37 18.04 2010 (0.27) (1.50) 0.04 1.45 0.32 1.38 (2.01) 1.21 1.50 (0.33) (0.33) (0.49) 0.91 2011 0.65 0.53 0.75 0.49 0.55 (0.58) 2.19 6.18 0.40 (0.76) 1.68 (0.47) 12.04 2012 0.90 0.25 (0.40) (0.43) (1.77) (2.23) 2.36 1.02 1.99 (0.36) 0.92 1.66 3.86 2013 1.01 2.32 0.34 3.45 (0.10) (3.05) (0.83) (1.55) 0.03 (0.55) 1.35 0.40 2.70 2014 (1.36) (1.10) (0.40) (0.81) (0.08) (0.06) 0.85 0.01 3.96 (1.73) 1.00 (0.05) 0.11 2015 3.14 (0.60) 0.36 (1.28) 0.93 (1.01) 0.32 (0.78) (0.64) (0.59) 2.36 (3.48) (1.42) 2016 0.71 0.73 (1.77) (0.82) (0.28) 3.61 (0.99) (0.17) (0.37) 0.77 5.02 0.19 6.63 2017 (1.47) 1.91 (2.84) 3.84 (0.60) (1.39) 1.54 0.19 (0.78) (0.84) 0.20 0.11 (0.30) 2018 2.54 (0.38) (1.54) 1.07 8.41 (0.57) 0.91 0.90 0.14 1.32 0.38 0.47 14.16 2019 0.67 (0.70) 2.45 (0.49) 3.55 3.97 (0.66) 1.12 (1.89) 0.65 (1.17) 1.68 9.38 2020 (1.25) 5.39 18.40 0.34 (0.82) (0.54) 1.84 0.97 (1.11) (0.01) 0.76 3.15 28.89 2021 1.21 0.31 0.85 0.16 0.26 (1.47) (0.47) 0.86 0.31 0.14 (0.09) 0.59 2.67 2022 0.74 1.77 5.27 3.80 1.09 0.76 0.12 3.11 2.46 (0.50) (1.09) 2.01 21.17 Source: Master Fund NAV data is provided by the administrator of the Master Fund  State Street Fund Services (Ireland) Limited. The Company’s NAV and NAV per Share data is provided by the Company’s administrator  Northern Trust International Fund Administration Services (Guernsey) Limited. The Company’s NAV per Share % Monthly Change is calculated by BHCM. The Company’s NAV data is unaudited and net of all investment management and performance fees and all other fees and expenses payable by the Company. In addition  the Company’s investment in the Master Fund is subject to an operational services fee. NAV performance is provided for information purposes only. Shares in the Company do not necessarily trade at a price equal to the prevailing NAV per Share. Data as at 30 December 2022. PAST PERFORMANCE IS NOT INDICATIVE OF FUTURE RESULTS Quarterly and Annual contribution (%) to the performance of the Company’s USD Shares (net of fees and expenses) by asset class* The information ( below) is given in US$ only  consistent with monthly shareholder reporting for the underlying US$ denominated Master Fund. Rates FX Commodities Credit Equity Digital Assets Discount Management TOTAL Q1 2022 7.28 1.30 0.72 0.09 -1.05 -0.39 0.00 7.93 Q2 2022 6.91 -0.37 -0.22 -0.43 0.41 -0.51 0.00 5.72 Q3 2022 1.90 3.57 -0.02 -0.58 -0.17 0.03 0.99 5.77 Q4 2022 3.64 -1.76 -0.60 0.45 -1.02 -0.27 0.00 0.39 YTD 2022 21.13 2.69 -0.12 -0.47 -1.83 -1.14 0.99 21.17 Data as at 30 December 2022. Quarterly and YTD figures are calculated by BHCM as at 30 December 2022  based on performance data for each period provided by the Company’s administrator  Northern Trust. Figures rounded to two decimal places. PAST PERFORMANCE IS NOT INDICATIVE OF FUTURE RESULTS Methodology and Definition of Contribution to Performance: Attribution by asset class is produced at the instrument level  with adjustments made based on risk estimates. *The above asset classes are categorised as follows: “Rates”: interest rates markets“FX”: FX forwards and options“Commodities”: commodity futures and options“Credit”: corporate and asset-backed indices  bonds and CDS “Equity”: equity markets including indices and other derivatives “Digital Assets”: crypto-currencies “Discount Management”: buyback activity or sales of shares Performance and Economic Outlook Commentary The economic environment last year proved favourable for our core macro strategies. Surging inflation  combined with central banks reversing years of monetary stimulus  triggered high levels of volatility across a range of markets  creating a rich opportunity set. Our core theme of higher US rates played out during the first three quarters of the year. When sentiment shifted in the fourth quarter toward the possibility of an end to the rate-hiking cycle in the US and concerns about recession in Europe  the Master Fund was able to generate additional gains by positioning for lower rates. European interest rate trading was much more tactical throughout the year  also contributing to gains. Not only did the traditional macro directional strategies perform well  but so too did a range of other strategies including FX  relative value  inflation  and emerging markets. Looking to the future  it is worth considering the recent past. The decade following the Great Financial Crisis saw the longest economic recovery on record  fuelled by unprecedented monetary and fiscal stimulus. Macroeconomic and market volatility was suppressed as policymakers used an ever-growing set of policy tools designed to curtail potential bad outcomes. Harvesting risk premium in this quiescent environment was relatively straightforward for investors. Eventually  though  the consequence of such hyper-easy monetary and fiscal policy was a surge in inflation exacerbated by pandemic-related disruptions to the supply side of the global economy. Against this backdrop  inflation broke out of 40-year ranges in many developed market (DM) and emerging market (EM) economies. Huge uncertainties remain as to whether global central banks will succeed in containing inflation without triggering severe recessions. Something always breaks during a rate-hiking cycle and there’s no such thing as a pain-free recession. At the beginning of this year  it looked like investors were willing to believe in a soft landing. However  by the end of the first quarter  bank failures in the US and a near-miss in Europe reminded markets that interest-rate sensitive sectors of the economy are in for a rough time. The near-term prospect of a credit crunch which slows economic activity has to be evaluated against continued unwelcome inflationary pressures. Policymakers are experienced  coordinated and determined. But  it’s unclear whether they have the macro prudential tools to reassure financial markets while simultaneously using monetary policy tools to tame inflation. Soft landing may turn into turbulence or worse. This task is made harder as economies adapt to new geopolitical realities by accelerating re-shoring and supply chain independence  while political classes remain incentivised to push in the opposite direction by keeping the fiscal reins loose. Global imbalances  both within individual economies as well as between them  in part due to economic desynchronisation  are at generational extremes. As a consequence  the macro landscape looks set to remain extremely interesting. Brevan Howard wishes to thank shareholders once again for their continued support. Brevan Howard Capital Management LP  acting by its sole general partner  Brevan Howard Capital Management Limited. 28 March 2023 Independent Auditor’s Report to the Members of BH Macro Limited Our opinion is unmodified We have audited the financial statements of BH Macro Limited (the “Company”)  which comprise the Audited Statement of Assets and Liabilities as at 31 December 2022  the Audited Statements of Operations  Changes in Net Assets and Cash Flows for the year then ended  and notes  comprising significant accounting policies and other explanatory information. In our opinion  the accompanying financial statements: · give a true and fair view of the financial position of the Company as at 31 December 2022  and of the Company’s financial performance and cash flows for the year then ended; · are prepared in accordance with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles; and · comply with the Companies (Guernsey) Law  2008. Basis for opinion We conducted our audit in accordance with International Standards on Auditing (UK) (“ISAs (UK)”) and applicable law. Our responsibilities are described below. We have fulfilled our ethical responsibilities under  and are independent of the Company in accordance with  UK ethical requirements including the FRC Ethical Standard as required by the Crown Dependencies' Audit Rules and Guidance. We believe that the audit evidence we have obtained is a sufficient and appropriate basis for our opinion. Key audit matters: our assessment of the risks of material misstatement Key audit matters are those matters that  in our professional judgment  were of most significance in the audit of the financial statements and include the most significant assessed risks of material misstatement (whether or not due to fraud) identified by us  including those which had the greatest effect on: the overall audit strategy; the allocation of resources in the audit; and directing the efforts of the engagement team. These matters were addressed in the context of our audit of the financial statements as a whole  and in forming our opinion thereon  and we do not provide a separate opinion on these matters. In arriving at our audit opinion above  the key audit matter was as follows (2021: Valuation of Investment in Brevan Howard Master Fund Limited and Combination with BH Global Limited): The risk Our response Valuation of Investment in Brevan Howard Master Fund Limited (the “Master Fund”)$1 628 766 000; (2021: $1 288 417 000)Refer to the Report of the Audit Committee and note 3 accounting policy. Basis:The Company  which is a multi-class feeder fund  had invested 99.29% (2021: 99.28%) of its net assets at 31 December 2022 into the ordinary US Dollar and Sterling denominated Class B Shares issued by the Master Fund  which is an open-ended investment company.The Company’s investment holdings in the Master Fund are valued using the respective net asset value per share class as provided by the Master Fund’s independent administrator.Risk:The valuation of the Company’s investment in the Master Fund  given that it represents the majority of the net assets of the Company  is a significant area of our audit. Our audit procedures included  but were not limited to:i) Obtained an independent confirmation from the administrator of the Master Fund detailing the net asset value per share for both the US Dollar and Sterling Class B shares and reconciled these to the net asset values used in the valuation of the investment in the Master Fund;ii) Reviewed the audit work performed by the auditor of the Master Fund to gain insight over the work performed on the significant elements of the Master Fund’s net asset value and held discussions on key audit findings with the auditor of the Master Fund; andiii) Examined the Master Fund’s coterminous audited financial statements to corroborate the net asset value per share of both the US Dollar and Sterling Class B shares.We also considered the Company’s investment valuation policies as disclosed in note 3 to the financial statements for conformity with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles. Our application of materiality and an overview of the scope of our audit Materiality for the financial statements as a whole was set at £24 600 000  determined with reference to a benchmark of net assets of $1 640 448 000  of which it represents approximately 1.5% (2021: 1.5%). In line with our audit methodology  our procedures on individual account balances and disclosures were performed to a lower threshold  performance materiality  so as to reduce to an acceptable level the risk that individually immaterial misstatements in individual account balances add up to a material amount across the financial statements as a whole. Performance materiality for the Company was set at 75% (2021: 75%) of materiality for the financial statements as a whole  which equates to $18 450 000. We applied this percentage in our determination of performance materiality because we did not identify any factors indicating an elevated level of risk. We reported to the Audit Committee any corrected or uncorrected identified misstatements exceeding $1 230 000  in addition to other identified misstatements that warranted reporting on qualitative grounds. Our audit of the Company was undertaken to the materiality level specified above  which has informed our identification of significant risks of material misstatement and the associated audit procedures performed in those areas as detailed above. Going concern The directors have prepared the financial statements on the going concern basis as they do not intend to liquidate the Company or to cease its operations  and as they have concluded that the Company's financial position means that this is realistic. They have also concluded that there are no material uncertainties that could have cast significant doubt over its ability to continue as a going concern for at least a year from the date of approval of the financial statements (the “going concern period""). In our evaluation of the directors' conclusions  we considered the inherent risks to the Company's business model and analysed how those risks might affect the Company's financial resources or ability to continue operations over the going concern period. The risks that we considered most likely to affect the Company's financial resources or ability to continue operations over this period were: · Availability of capital to meet operating costs and other financial commitments; · The likelihood of a share class closure or liquidation resolution votes being triggered. We considered whether these risks could plausibly affect the liquidity in the going concern period by comparing severe  but plausible downside scenarios that could arise from these risks individually and collectively against the level of available financial resources indicated by the Company’s financial forecasts. We considered whether the going concern disclosure in note 3 to the financial statements gives a full and accurate description of the directors' assessment of going concern. Our conclusions based on this work: · we consider that the directors' use of the going concern basis of accounting in the preparation of the financial statements is appropriate; · we have not identified  and concur with the directors' assessment that there is not  a material uncertainty related to events or conditions that  individually or collectively  may cast significant doubt on the Company's ability to continue as a going concern for the going concern period; and · we have nothing material to add or draw attention to in relation to the directors' statement in the notes to the financial statements on the use of the going concern basis of accounting with no material uncertainties that may cast significant doubt over the Company's use of that basis for the going concern period  and that statement is materially consistent with the financial statements and our audit knowledge. However  as we cannot predict all future events or conditions and as subsequent events may result in outcomes that are inconsistent with judgements that were reasonable at the time they were made  the above conclusions are not a guarantee that the Company will continue in operation. Fraud and breaches of laws and regulations – ability to detect Identifying and responding to risks of material misstatement due to fraud To identify risks of material misstatement due to fraud (“fraud risks”) we as",neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,mixed,0.49,0.06,0.44,True,English,"['BH Macro Limited', 'Annual Report', 'Financial Statements', 'Other languages Press Releases Official Publications Sector news', 'BH Macro Limited News Summary BHMU GG00BQBFY479 BH MACRO LIMITED', 'Homepage Equities United Kingdom London Stock Exchange', 'News Ratings Calendar Company Financials Consensus Funds', 'BH Macro net asset value', 'Brevan Howard Capital Management LP', 'BH Macro Limited Annual Report', 'PR Summary Quotes Charts', 'favourable core macro strategies', 'US Dollar Class shares', 'other asset classes', 'Brevan Howard group', 'multiple email addresses', 'Classified Regulated Information', 'challenging investing environment', 'repeated interest rates', 'longstanding track record', 'new, related areas', 'diversified return streams', 'periodic external evaluation', 'significant tap issuances', 'significant capacity agreement', 'international corporate lawyer', 'subsequent 12-month period', 'Sterling Class shares', 'impressive relative returns', 'respective share class', 'list Report Report', 'Audited Financial Statements', 'solid absolute returns', 'calendar year', 'stock markets', 'excellent returns', 'turbulent period', 'relative performance', 'corporate governance', 'The Report', 'Director Declaration', 'global economy', 'investors’ portfolios', 'energy costs', 'revolving door', '10 Downing Street', 'best starts', 'negative backdrop', 'soft landing', 'bank failures', 'optimistic scenario', 'choppy waters', 'uncertain environments', 'investment portfolio', 'regular dialogue', 'investment team', 'intense focus', 'trading team', 'complementary performance', 'greater pool', 'experienced Guernsey', 'high standards', 'significant demand', '10:1 share split', 'smaller investors', 'The UK', 'The Compa', 'highest inflation', 'continued inflation', 'First name', 'DTR 6 Annex', 'last year', 'Caroline Chan', 'tremendous addition', 'initial offer', 'The Manager', 'EDT', 'commas', 'Message', 'fields', 'section', 'accordance', 'website', 'Chair', 'geopolitics', 'price', 'NAV', 'cornerstone', 'event', 'volatility', 'expectations', 'invasion', 'Ukraine', '40 years', 'background', 'lurches', 'policy', 'hope', 'skids', 'March', 'Fed', 'ECB', 'cascade', 'retrenchments', 'review', 'Board', 'case', 'interests', 'shareholders', 'order', 'quality', 'systems', 'operations', 'infrastructure', 'organisation', 'depth', 'capabilities', 'benefit', 'assets', 'appointment', 'effectiveness', 'strength', 'premium', 'result', 'sale', 'way', 'subscription', 'liquidity', 'option', '21.']",2023-03-29,2023-03-30,marketscreener.com
21724,EuroNext,Bing API,https://www.lelezard.com/en/news-20835009.html,UNIVERSAL MUSIC GROUP'S BOARD OF DIRECTORS EXTENDS SIR LUCIAN GRAINGE'S CONTRACT AS CHAIRMAN & CEO OF WORLD'S LEADING MUSIC COMPANY,HILVERSUM  Netherlands  March 30  2023 /PRNewswire/ -- Universal Music Group N.V. (EURONEXT: UMG) announced today that its Board of Directors has extended the engagement of UMG Chairman and Chief Executive Officer Sir Lucian Grainge until May 1 ...,"UNIVERSAL MUSIC GROUP'S BOARD OF DIRECTORS EXTENDS SIR LUCIAN GRAINGE'S CONTRACT AS CHAIRMAN & CEO OF WORLD'S LEADING MUSIC COMPANYHILVERSUM  Netherlands  March 30  2023 /PRNewswire/ -- Universal Music Group N.V. (EURONEXT: UMG) announced today that its Board of Directors has extended the engagement of UMG Chairman and Chief Executive Officer Sir Lucian Grainge until May 1  2028.""UMG is the world's most successful music company and there are incredible opportunities ahead for a company with the right leadership and vision "" said Sherry Lansing  UMG's Chairman of the Board. ""The UMG Board is resolutely committed to converting those opportunities and maximizing shareholder value for the long term. Only the right kind of chief executive can help achieve that goal and Lucian is just the one to do it. Through his clear vision and strong execution in building UMG into the industry leader  Lucian has also essentially created a new category of music company. This agreement is designed to drive both the sustainable success of UMG and long-term shareholder value.""The extended and amended agreement transitions Grainge from an all-cash compensation package to one that is a combination of equity and cash and includes an equity compensation program with a broad set of performance-based objectives aligned with shareholders' interest and corresponding to the Company's long-term growth strategy.To assure the compensation program is aligned with shareholders' interest  the majority of the compensation package's economic value will be paid in UMG equity and UMG performance-based stock options.Grainge's annual salary under the new agreement will be reduced by more than two-thirds from his current salary?to $5 million. Subject to the achievement of performance criteria  he will be eligible for an annual bonus with a target of $10 million. The EBITA bonus from his prior employment agreement has been eliminated and Grainge will only be entitled to the contingent bonus under his prior employment agreement on a pro rata basis until March 31  2023.The equity components of the program include annual grants of $20 million  comprised of as much as 50% Performance Share Units (PSUs)?with annual PSU goals set by the Board of Directors?and the remainder comprised of Restricted Share Units (RSUs). As part of the Long-Term Incentive Plan  Grainge will receive a one-time transition equity award of $100 million  of which 50% will be in the form of RSUs and 50% in the form of Performance Stock Options (PSOs). The PSOs will only be paid out if the Company surpasses stock price hurdles (1/3rd at ?26.50  another 1/3rd at ?30.00 and 1/3rd at ?38.00) within the term of the agreement ending May 1  2028.The size of the potential equity grant falls within the parameters for potential equity grants as previously disclosed and voted on by shareholders at UMG's 2022 Annual General Meeting in the Company's 2022 Global Equity Plan and UMG's Executive Directors Remuneration Policy.To align Grainge's term as executive director and Chairman and CEO of UMG with the term of the extended employment agreement?ending on May 1  2028?the Board will put to UMG's General Meeting a proposal to reappoint Grainge as executive director for a term ending on May 1  2028. For further information on this proposal (and the proposal below)  please see the Investor Relations section of the UMG website (https://investors.universalmusic.com/).The Board will also seek approval at UMG's 2023 Annual General Meeting for a supplement to UMG's existing Executive Directors Remuneration Policy with respect to Grainge's new remuneration.Further discussion of UMG's compensation programs and their use of equity- and performance-based compensation?including the Global Equity Plan approved by shareholders in 2022?is posted in the Investor Relations section of the UMG website (https://investors.universalmusic.com/) and included in the Remuneration Report of the Company's Annual Report to Shareholders.About Universal Music GroupAt Universal Music Group (EURONEXT: UMG)  we exist to shape culture through the power of artistry. UMG is the world leader in music-based entertainment  with a broad array of businesses engaged in recorded music  music publishing  merchandising and audiovisual content. Featuring the most comprehensive catalogue of recordings and songs across every musical genre  UMG identifies and develops artists and produces and distributes the most critically acclaimed and commercially successful music in the world. Committed to artistry  innovation and entrepreneurship  UMG fosters the development of services  platforms and business models in order to broaden artistic and commercial opportunities for our artists and create new experiences for fans. For more information on Universal Music Group N.V. visit www.universalmusic.com.ContactsMediaJames Murtagh-Hopkins - [email protected]InvestorsErika Begun - [email protected]Cautionary NoticeThis press release is published by Universal Music Group N.V. and contains inside information within the meaning of article 7(1) of Regulation (EU) No 596/2014 (Market Abuse Regulation).Forward-looking statementsThis press release may contain statements that constitute forward-looking statements with respect to UMG's financial condition  results of operations  business  strategy and plans. Such forward-looking statements may be identified by the use of words such as 'profit forecast'  'expect'  'estimate'  'project'  'anticipate'  'should'  'intend'  'plan'  'probability'  'risk'  'target'  'goal'  'objective'  'will'  'endeavour'  'optimistic'  'prospects'  'outlook' and similar expressions or variations on such expressions. Although UMG believes that such forward-looking statements are based on reasonable assumptions  they are not guarantees of future performance. Actual results may differ materially from such forward-looking statements as a result of a number of risks and uncertainties  many of which are related to factors that are outside UMG's control  including  but not limited to  UMG's inability to compete successfully and to identify  attract  sign and retain successful recording artists and songwriters  failure of streaming and subscription adoption or revenue to grow or to grow less rapidly than anticipated  UMG's reliance on digital service providers  UMG's inability to execute its business strategy  the global nature of UMG's operations  UMG's inability to protect its intellectual property and against piracy  UMG's inability to attract and retain key personnel  changes in laws and regulations and the other risks that have been described in the 2022 annual report. Accordingly  UMG cautions readers against placing undue reliance on such forward-looking statements. Such forward-looking statements are made as of the date of this press release. UMG disclaims any intention or obligation to provide  update or revise any such forward-looking statements  whether as a result of new information  future events or otherwise.Logo - https://mma.prnewswire.com/media/512308/UMG.jpgNews published on 30 march 2023 at 15:00 and distributed by:",neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,mixed,0.62,0.2,0.18,True,English,"['EXTENDS SIR LUCIAN GRAINGE', 'UNIVERSAL MUSIC GROUP', 'CONTRACT AS CHAIRMAN', 'LEADING MUSIC COMPANY', 'BOARD', 'DIRECTORS', 'CEO', 'WORLD', 'Universal Music Group N.V.', 'existing Executive Directors Remuneration Policy', 'one-time transition equity award', 'UMG performance-based stock options', 'Performance Stock Options', 'stock price hurdles', 'commercially successful music', 'long-term growth strategy', 'pro rata basis', 'Restricted Share Units', 'Long-Term Incentive Plan', 'Investor Relations section', '50% Performance Share Units', 'potential equity grant', '2022 Global Equity Plan', 'Chief Executive Officer', 'annual PSU goals', 'prior employment agreement', 'extended employment agreement', 'long-term shareholder value', 'LEADING MUSIC COMPANY', 'successful music company', '2022 Annual General Meeting', '2023 Annual General Meeting', 'CONTRACT AS CHAIRMAN', 'equity compensation program', 'cash compensation package', 'SIR LUCIAN GRAINGE', 'new remuneration', 'Remuneration Report', 'music publishing', 'performance-based compensation', 'annual grants', 'The UMG Board', 'performance-based objectives', 'performance criteria', 'equity components', 'annual salary', 'annual bonus', 'Annual Report', 'economic value', 'compensation programs', 'UMG equity', 'right leadership', 'Sherry Lansing', 'right kind', 'strong execution', 'industry leader', 'new category', 'sustainable success', 'broad set', 'new agreement', 'current salary', 'EBITA bonus', 'contingent bonus', 'Further discussion', 'music-based entertainment', 'broad array', 'audiovisual content', 'comprehensive catalogue', 'musical genre', 'business models', 'new experiences', 'Contacts Media', 'James Murtagh-Hopkins', 'Erika Begun', 'Cautionary Notice', 'press release', 'incredible opportunities', 'commercial opportunities', 'clear vision', 'The PSOs', 'UMG website', ""shareholders' interest"", 'world leader', 'long term', 'UMG Chairman', 'EXTENDS', 'CEO', 'HILVERSUM', 'Netherlands', 'PRNewswire', 'EURONEXT', 'engagement', 'May', 'combination', 'majority', 'two-thirds', 'achievement', 'target', 'March', 'PSUs', 'remainder', 'RSUs', 'part', 'size', 'parameters', 'proposal', 'information', 'approval', 'supplement', 'respect', 'use', 'investors', 'culture', 'power', 'artistry', 'businesses', 'merchandising', 'recordings', 'songs', 'artists', 'acclaimed', 'innovation', 'development', 'services', 'platforms', 'order', 'artistic', 'fans', 'inside', 'meaning', 'article']",2023-03-30,2023-03-30,lelezard.com
21725,EuroNext,Bing API,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/fitch-upgrades-jde-peet-bbb-184500119.html,Fitch upgrades JDE Peet’s to BBB; Outlook Stable,JDE Peet’s (EURONEXT: JDEP)  the world’s leading pure-play coffee and tea company by revenue  today announced that Fitch Ratings has upgraded the company’s credit rating from ‘BBB-‘ to ‘BBB’ with a stable outlook. This upgrade underscores the ...,JDE Peet's N.V.PRESS RELEASEAmsterdam  30 March 2023JDE Peet’s (EURONEXT: JDEP)  the world’s leading pure-play coffee and tea company by revenue  today announced that Fitch Ratings has upgraded the company’s credit rating from ‘BBB-‘ to ‘BBB’ with a stable outlook. This upgrade underscores the company’s operating strength  strong financial structure and financial discipline.In its release  Fitch noted: “The upgrade reflects the company’s recent de-leveraging and Fitch’s confidence that management will continue to meet its conservative net debt/EBITDA target of about 2.5x. The rating reflects JDEP’s strong market position in the global coffee industry with strong and broadly stable profitability  supported by the sector’s low price elasticity and the potential for further premiumisation of the company’s products. This combines with low capex requirements and dividend distributions to allow for consistently high free cash flow  providing good financial flexibility. Good diversification by pricing points  product and channel mix mitigate risks related to concentration on a single coffee category.”# # #EnquiriesMediaWill Hummel+31 20 558 1753Media@JDEPeets.comInvestors & AnalystsRobin Jansen+31 20 55 81212IR@JDEPeets.comAbout JDE Peet’sJDE Peet’s is the world's leading pure-play coffee and tea company  serving approximately 4 200 cups of coffee or tea per second. JDE Peet's unleashes the possibilities of coffee and tea in more than 100 markets  with a portfolio of over 50 brands including L’OR  Peet’s  Jacobs  Senseo  Tassimo  Douwe Egberts  OldTown  Super  Pickwick and Moccona. In 2022  JDE Peet’s generated total sales of EUR 8.2 billion and employed a global workforce of more than 20 000 employees. Read more about our journey towards a coffee and tea for every cup at www.jdepeets.com.Attachment,positive,0.99,0.01,0.0,mixed,0.77,0.09,0.14,True,English,"['JDE Peet', 'Outlook Stable', 'Fitch', 'BBB', 'conservative net debt/EBITDA target', 'high free cash flow', 'low price elasticity', 'low capex requirements', 'strong market position', 'good financial flexibility', 'strong financial structure', 'single coffee category', 'global coffee industry', 'leading pure-play coffee', 'financial discipline', 'Good diversification', 'global workforce', 'N.V.', 'stable outlook', 'operating strength', 'recent de-leveraging', 'stable profitability', 'pricing points', 'channel mix', 'Will Hummel', 'Robin Jansen', 'L’OR', 'Douwe Egberts', 'total sales', 'JDE Peet', 'PRESS RELEASE', 'credit rating', 'Enquiries Media', 'Fitch Ratings', 'tea company', 'Amsterdam', '30 March', 'EURONEXT', 'JDEP', 'world', 'revenue', 'BBB', 'upgrade', 'confidence', 'management', '2.5x', 'sector', 'potential', 'premiumisation', 'products', 'distributions', 'risks', 'concentration', 'Investors', 'Analysts', '4,200 cups', 'second', 'possibilities', '100 markets', 'portfolio', '50 brands', 'Jacobs', 'Senseo', 'Tassimo', 'OldTown', 'Super', 'Pickwick', 'Moccona', '20,000 employees', 'journey', 'Attachment']",2023-03-30,2023-03-30,finance.yahoo.com
21726,EuroNext,Bing API,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/pcas-2022-annual-results-161600946.html,Pcas: 2022 annual results,ANNUAL RESULTS PCAS (Euronext Paris: PCA)  a specialist in developing and producing complex molecules for life sciences and innovative technologies  has announced the publication of its 2022 Annual Results ,PCASEcully  March 30  20232022 ANNUAL RESULTSPCAS (Euronext Paris: PCA)  a specialist in developing and producing complex molecules for life sciences and innovative technologies  has announced the publication of its 2022 Annual Results  following today's Board of Directors meeting.2021 2022 in millions of euros Net sales 187.0 226.4 EBITDA (*) (**) -4.6 2.2 EBITDA margin -2.5% 1.0% Current operating income (*) -28.2 -27.7 Current operating income margin -15.1% -12.2% Other operating income and expenses -0.4 -15.1 Operating income -28.6 -42.8 Financial result -2.9 -3.1 Taxes -9.0 -2.9 Net result -40.5 -48.8 (*) of which research tax credit (CIR): 4.1 M€ in 2021 and 2022 (**) see definition in appendix Audit procedures have been performed and auditor’s report is in progress of being issued.The PCAS Group has generated consolidated net sales of €226.4 million as of December 31  2022  a 21.1% increase compared to the same period in the previous financial year (+17.9% at constant exchange rate).The Pharmaceutical Synthesis business generated sales of €143.7 million  a 20.1% increase compared to 2021 (+17.6% at constant exchange rate). The growth in net sales was mainly driven by Estetrol's sales for Mithra  strong demand for Turku's products  a favorable EUR/USD exchange rate  and the impact of price increase initiatives launched in recent months to cope with the sharp rise in the cost of raw materials and energy.It should be noted that  due to some overdue receivables observed since the summer 2022 and which have remained since then  PCAS decided to take appropriate legal action against its customer Mithra at the end of 2022 in order to collect these unpaid receivables. The total amount of receivables due by this customer amounted to €31.1 million at December 31  2022 (including €13.6 million of overdue receivables).Story continuesNet sales of Fine Specialty Chemicals totaled €82.7 million  a 22.7% increase compared to 2021 (+18.6% at constant exchange rates). Business was very strong throughout the year with very strong demand for Electronics and Cosmetics  as well as a positive trend in Lubricants and Fine Chemicals. The increase in raw material and energy costs could be passed through to customers and thus contributed to the growth in net sales. The industrialization of new products also benefitted from a very good momentum.EBITDA of the PCAS Group totaled 2.2 million euros in 2022 against -4.6 million euros in 2021.Current operating income amounted to -€27.7 million in 2022  compared to -28.2 million euros in 2021.These results continue to show substantial losses  still negatively affected by a level of activity which is still not sufficient to cover the fixed costs incurred at several Pharmaceutical Synthesis sites  and the inventory depreciations linked to non-compliant products.Other operating income and expenses include an impairment of goodwill of €14.5 million  already recognized in the half-yearly financial statements at June 30  2022.The financial result showed a loss of €3.1 million in 2022  against -€2.9 million in 2021.Note that in 2021 the tax expense included an expense of €6.3 million due to the cancellation of deferred tax assets on tax loss carryforwards  following a lower profit forecast for the years to come for the Group's French entities.The PCAS Group's net income was a loss of €48.8 million in 2022  compared to a loss of €40.5 million in 2021.The Group's net debt (including Seqens net current accounts) totaled €228.4 million vs. €172.7 million as of December 31  2021  as a result of the additional financing from Seqens via the current accounts of the losses and investments of the year.OutlookIn the context of the current dispute with Mithra  PCAS has no option but to consider a temporary reduction of the activity in 2023 at the production site concerned  since some of its workshops are dedicated to the production of Estetrol. At this stage  it is not possible to accurately assess the consequences this dispute may have on future business forecasts and results.Consequently  the return to positive results announced for 2023 is postponed.PCAS Group continues to benefit from the support of its majority shareholder Seqens (76.66%) for the financing of its activities and its development.NEXT FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE:Q1 2023 Net Sales  April 24  2023ABOUT PCASPCAS specializes in the development and production of complex molecules for life sciences and innovative technologies. With about 11% of its net sales earmarked for R&D and a large international footprint  PCAS is the preferred industrial partner for market-leading major global groups. Boasting especially high standards  the company offers a growing range of proprietary products and solutions in leading-edge segments. PCAS generated net sales of €226.4 million in 2022 and employs nearly 1200 people in six countries.To find out more about PCAS: www.pcas.comPCAS NewCapJean-Louis Martin / Eric MoissenotEmmanuel Huynh / Louis-Victor Delouvrier NewCapFinancial communication and investor relation Tel.: +33 1 69 79 60 00www.pcas.com Tel.: +33 1 44 71 98 53pcas@newcap.euAPPENDIXDefinition of EBITDA and reconciliation of EBITDA with Current Operating IncomeDefinition of EBITDADefined as the current operating income plus amortization of tangible and intangible assets and net variations in provisions (including net allocations to provisions for inventories  excluding reversal of provisions on destroyed inventories recorded in consumed purchases and net provisions for employee benefits recorded in personal costs) and depreciation of goodwill.EBITDA is not a measurement of performance defined by IFRS standards and should not be considered to be an alternative to operating profit from ordinary activities or net profits (as calculated in accordance with IFRS standards) to measure the operational performance of PCAS  to cash flow resulting from current operations  generated by investments or resulting from financial operations (as calculated in accordance with IFRS standards) to measure the capacity of PCAS to meet its cash flow requirements or to any other performance measurement defined by IFRS standards. PCAS considers that EBITDA is a measurement that is frequently indicated and widely used by investors and other interested parties as a measurement of the operational performance of PCAS and its debt service capacity insofar as it makes it possible to make a constant comparison of performance without taking into account amortization expenses  which may vary significantly depending on the accounting methods used (particularly in the event of acquisitions) or non-operational factors (such as historical cost). Consequently  this information is indicated in the present document to enable a more exhaustive and global analysis of operational performance in comparison with other companies and of PCAS’ debt service capacity. Insofar as not all companies calculate the EBITDA in the same way  the presentation of EBITDA in the present document may not be comparable to the EBITDA communicated by other companies.Reconciliation of EBITDA with Current Operating Incomein millions of euros 2021 2022 Current Operating Income -28.2 -27.7 + Amortization of tangible and intangible assets 19.2 21.2 + Net allocations to provisions for inventories (recorded in consumed purchases) 4.7 8.8 + Net provisions for emloyee benefits (recorded in personnel costs) 0.5 0.6 +/- Net variation in other provisions -0.8 -0.7 EBITDA -4.6 2.2Attachment,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,mixed,0.28,0.15,0.57,True,English,"['2022 annual results', 'Pcas', 'several Pharmaceutical Synthesis sites', 'market-leading major global groups', 'favorable EUR/USD exchange rate', 'The Pharmaceutical Synthesis business', 'Current operating income margin', 'Seqens net current accounts', 'constant exchange rate', 'appropriate legal action', 'lower profit forecast', 'large international footprint', 'preferred industrial partner', 'Other operating income', 'research tax credit', 'deferred tax assets', 'future business forecasts', 'majority shareholder Seqens', 'half-yearly financial statements', 'NEXT FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE', 'Louis-Victor Delouvrier NewCap', 'Fine Specialty Chemicals', 'price increase initiatives', 'tax loss carryforwards', 'previous financial year', 'The PCAS Group', 'The Group', 'net income', 'Fine Chemicals', 'current dispute', 'Financial communication', '2.2 EBITDA margin', 'Financial result', 'tax expense', 'net debt', 'PCAS NewCap', 'Euronext Paris', 'complex molecules', 'life sciences', 'innovative technologies', 'Directors meeting', 'Audit procedures', 'same period', 'strong demand', 'recent months', 'sharp rise', 'raw materials', 'total amount', 'positive trend', 'good momentum', 'fixed costs', 'inventory depreciations', 'French entities', 'temporary reduction', 'R&D', 'high standards', 'growing range', 'leading-edge segments', 'six countries', 'Jean-Louis Martin', 'Eric Moissenot', 'Emmanuel Huynh', 'Net sales', 'Net result', 'overdue receivables', 'unpaid receivables', 'new products', 'compliant products', 'proprietary products', '2022 ANNUAL RESULTS', 'positive results', 'ABOUT PCAS', 'energy costs', 'substantial losses', 'additional financing', '4.6 million euros', 'production site', 'customer Mithra', '21.1% increase', '20.1% increase', '22.7% increase', '4 EBITDA', 'Ecully', 'March', 'specialist', 'publication', 'today', 'Board', 'millions', 'expenses', 'Taxes', 'CIR', '4.1 M', 'definition', 'appendix', 'auditor', 'report', 'progress', 'December', 'growth', 'Estetrol', 'Turku', 'impact', 'summer', 'order', 'Story', 'Electronics', 'Cosmetics', 'Lubricants', 'customers', 'industrialization', 'level', 'activity', 'non', 'impairment', 'goodwill', 'June', 'cancellation', 'years', 'investments', 'Outlook', 'context', 'option', 'workshops', 'stage', 'consequences', 'return', 'support', 'activities', 'development', 'Q1', 'April', 'company', 'solutions', '1200 people', 'investor']",2023-03-30,2023-03-30,finance.yahoo.com
21727,EuroNext,Bing API,http://markets.buffalonews.com/buffnews/article/bizwire-2023-3-30-maat-pharma-announces-2022-annual-results-and-provides-a-business-overview,MaaT Pharma Announces 2022 Annual Results and Provides a Business Overview,MaaT Pharma (EURONEXT: MAAT – the “Company”)  a French clinical-stage biotech and a pioneer in the development of Microbiome Ecosystem Therapies TM (MET) dedicated to improving survival outcomes for patients with cancer ,"Regulatory News:As of December 31  2022  cash and cash equivalents were €35.2 million (prior to the capital raise in February 2023) and turnover was €1.4 millionSignificant milestones on clinical programs in 2022: MaaT013: Initiation in March 2022 of Phase 3 open label  single arm clinical trial in Europe for the treatment of acute Graft-versus-Host Disease (hemato-oncology) Initiation in April 2022 of Phase 2a proof-of-concept trial  sponsored by AP-HP  to improve patients’ responses to immunotherapies in metastatic melanoma (immuno-oncology) MaaT033: Completion of Phase 1b in January 2022 and topline results published in June 2022 for patients with acute myeloid leukemia following allogeneic hematopoietic stem-cell transplantation (allo-HSCT) and presentation of positive data at the 2022 ASH conference Preparation ongoing for a Phase 2b trial to evaluate MaaT033 in improving overall survival and preventing complications in patients with blood cancers receiving allo-HSCTSuccessful capital raise in February 2023 of approximately €12.7 million with the support of current shareholdersMaaT Pharma (EURONEXT: MAAT – the “Company”)  a French clinical-stage biotech and a pioneer in the development of Microbiome Ecosystem TherapiesTM (MET) dedicated to improving survival outcomes for patients with cancer  today reported the full-year 2022 annual results and provided a business overview.Hervé Affagard  CEO and co-founder of MaaT Pharma states  “in 2022  we have successfully executed on key clinical and manufacturing objectives despite a difficult economic environment. With our lead asset  MaaT013  currently in a Phase 3 clinical trial in hemato-oncology  it is our ambition to make it quickly accessible to all patients fighting acute Graft-versus-Host Disease in need of a safe and effective therapeutic option. Our clinical development pipeline continues to progress with positive Phase 1b data for MaaT033 announced in 2022  the commencement of a Phase 2b trial in the first half of 2023 as well was the ongoing Early Access Program in Europe for MaaT013. With the construction of our manufacturing facility to be completed by mid-2023 and the roadmap we shared at the beginning of the year  we are excited with the progress we have made to advance our microbiome therapies that we believe could become a new pillar in treating cancer.""Key Financial ResultsThe key audited financial results for the 2022 full year are as follows:Income StatementIn thousands of euros 31 December 2022 31 December 2021 Revenue 1 430 972 Cost of Goods Sold (339) (166) Gross Margin 1 091 806 Other Income 4 122 2 390 Sales and distribution costs (347) (217) General and administrative costs (4 111) (2 727) Research and development costs (14 311) (9 145) Operating income (expense) (13 557) (8 893) Financial Income 45 0 Financial Expense (201) (126) Net financial income (expense) (156) (126) Income (loss) before income tax (13 713) (9 019) Income tax expense - - Net Income (loss) for the period (13 713) (9 019)Prepared in accordance with international standards  IFRS.Revenues totaled €1.4 million for the year ended December 31  2022  which includes compensation invoiced from the Early Access Program in France and for which data was presented at the American Society of Hematology Annual Meeting in December 2022. The gross margin generated by the compassionate access program amounts to €1.1 million.Operating expense amounted to €13.6 million compared with €8.9 million for 2021  an increase of €4.7 million. This increase reflects the growth of research and development costs which have risen from €9.1 million in 2021 to €14.3 million in 2022  representing an overall increase of €5.2 million and consistent with the advancement of clinical and operational activities as detailed in the 2022 key achievements’ section below.Other income of €4.1 million includes the R&D tax credit of €3.2 million  an increase of €1.2 million compared with prior year  which amounted to €2.0 million and in line with the growth of research and development activities.General and administrative expenses amounted to €4.1 million compared with €2.7 million in 2021 reflecting the recurring costs and structuring of the Company to meet the needs of its listing on Euronext Paris regulated market and to support the different clinical and development programs.The net loss amounts to €13.7 million for the year ended 31 December 2022 compared with €9.0 million for the year ended 31 December 2021.Average annual employees evolved from 33 in 2021 to 43 in 2022 following the strengthening of the clinical and scientific teams  along with the R&D  technical and regulatory departments.Cash PositionAs of December 31  2022  total cash and cash equivalents were €35.2 million  as compared to €38.4 million as of June 30  2022  and €43.3 million as of December 31  2021.In thousands of euros 31 December 2022 31 December 2021 Net cash used in operating activities (12 605 ) (7 929 ) Net cash used in investing activities (815 ) (238 ) Net cash used in financing activities 5 364 31 558 Net change in cash and cash equivalents (8 057 ) 23 391The net decrease in cash position of €8.1 million between December 31  2021  and December 31  2022  is due to the financing of operations for a total of €12.6 million  offset by cash inflows from financing of €5.4 million. Cash inflows from financing reflects new financial debt  offset by debt repayments over 2022 €1.9 million. Total financial debt (including lease liabilities) totaled €11.4 million as of December 31  2022  of which €0.9 million relates to state-backed loans (“PGE”).Based on the development plans  corresponding cash needs and following the capital increase in February 2023  the Company believes it has sufficient cash to finance operations into the second quarter of 2024.2022 Key achievementsPipeline highlightsMaaT013In March 2022  the Company announced the initiation of its Phase 3 open label  single arm  pivotal trial  called ARES  evaluating MaaT013 in treating patients with acute Graft-versus-Host Disease (aGvHD). The trial is ongoing in six European countries including France  Austria  Spain  Belgium  Germany  and Italy. In the US  interactions with the FDA remain active regarding MaaT013  for which US development is currently on clinical hold following an FDA communication received in August 2022. In February 2023  the Company announced new discussions with the FDA which have been detailed in the section below “First half of 2023”.In April 2022  the Company announced the initiation of a randomized  placebo-controlled Phase 2a  proof of concept  clinical trial in France sponsored by AP-HP  evaluating MaaT013’s impact on the efficacy of immune checkpoints inhibitors (ICI) treatments in patients with metastatic melanoma.In 2022  the Company continued the Early Access Program in Europe allowing patients to benefit from early access to the MaaT013 drug candidate  mainly for the treatment of aGvHD. As of today  the Company has safely treated over 160 patients with MaaT013 in Europe.In December 2022  the Company presented compelling consolidated data from 81 patients in the Early Access Program in France at the American Society of Hematology Annual Meeting in December 2022.MaaT033In the first half of 2022  the Company announced positive topline results for its Phase 1b open-label  dose-ranging clinical trial  called CIMON  investigating the maximum tolerated dose of MaaT033 in patients with acute myeloid leukemia or high-risk myelodysplastic syndrome who have undergone intensive chemotherapy and confirming clinical potential of MaaT Pharma’s oral drug candidate. These promising results support the launch of the Phase 2b clinical trial  called PHOEBUS  to improve overall survival and to prevent complications in patients with blood cancers receiving allo-HSCT.In December 2022  the Company presented the Phase 1b clinical data in a poster format at the American Society of Hematology Annual Meeting.MaaT03XIn 2022  the Company has been consolidating in vivo and in vitro data with MaaT03X and continuing its product development characterization.Financial highlightIn February 2022  the Company announced the construction of its cGMP manufacturing facility in France  dedicated to ecosystem microbiome-based therapeutics  in partnership with Skyepharma. A total down payment of €1.1 million has been made in 2022 for a total of €1.4 million cumulatively. The facility is expected to be operational by mid-2023.First half of 2023In January 2023  the Company announced the expansion of its scientific research to neurodegenerative diseases with a first trial in Amyotrophic Lateral Sclerosis (ALS). The Company is now preparing to launch a Phase 1b pilot study to evaluate MaaT033 in ALS  following ANSM regulatory authorizations received in March 2023 - the inclusion of the first patient is expected in H1 2023.In February 2023  the Company completed a successful capital increase of approximately €12.7 million with the support of current shareholders.The ongoing international multicenter open-label  single arm pivotal Phase 3 trial (ARES) evaluating MaaT013 in aGvHD is ongoing in Europe – the Data and Safety Monitoring Board (DSMB) review is expected to take place at the end of the first half of 2023  if half of the patients have been recruited.In February 2023  the Company announced the receipt of a letter from the FDA indicating that the Agency agreed to a defined list of conditions that could enable clinical evaluation of MaaT013 in the U.S. These measures have since been included by the Company and submitted to the FDA. The communication from the FDA therefore provides a path forward regarding MaaT Pharma’s pooling technology for this trial.The Phase 2a proof-of-concept clinical trial evaluating MaaT033 in association with ICI in metastatic melanoma  sponsored by AP-HP  in France is ongoing - biological biomarker data are expected in H1 2023 after half of the patients have been enrolled and achieved their evaluation 9 weeks after randomization.The preparations are ongoing to initiate the randomized placebo-controlled Phase 2b trial (PHOEBUS) evaluating MaaT033 in improving overall survival and to prevent complications in allo-HSCT patients and the Company has received French and German regulatory authorizations in March 2023– study is expected to start in Q2 2023.The Company’s universal registration document  which includes the annual financial report  will be available on MaaT Pharma’s website: www.maatpharma.comUpcoming financial communication*May 9  2023 – Revenues and Cash Position Quarter 1June 19  2023 – Annual General MeetingJuly 27  2023 – Revenues and Cash Position Quarter 2September 26  2023 – Half-year Results 2023November 9  2023 - Revenues and Cash Position Quarter 3*Indicative calendar that may be subject to change.Upcoming investor conferences participationApril 4  2023 – Investor Access Conference  ParisApril 26  2023 – Kempen Life Sciences Conference  AmsterdamUpcoming scientific conference participationApril 23-26  2023 – 49 th Annual meeting of the European Bone Marrow Transplant  ParisAnnual meeting of the European Bone Marrow Transplant  Paris June 28-30  2023 – 8th Microbiome Movement – Drug Development Summit  BostonAbout MaaT PharmaMaaT Pharma  a clinical stage biotechnology company  has established a complete approach to restoring patient-microbiome symbiosis in oncology. Committed to treating cancer and graft-versus-host disease (GvHD)  a serious complication of allogeneic stem cell transplantation  MaaT Pharma has launched  in March 2022  an open-label  single arm Phase 3 clinical trial in patients with acute GvHD  following the achievement of its proof of concept in a Phase 2 trial. Its powerful discovery and analysis platform  gutPrint®  supports the development and expansion of its pipeline by determining novel disease targets  evaluating drug candidates  and identifying biomarkers for microbiome-related conditions.The company’s Microbiome Ecosystem Therapies are produced through a standardized cGMP manufacturing and quality control process to safely deliver the full diversity of the microbiome  in liquid and oral formulations. MaaT Pharma benefits from the commitment of world-leading scientists and established relationships with regulators to support the integration of the use of microbiome therapies in clinical practice. MaaT Pharma is listed on Euronext Paris (ticker: MAAT).Forward-looking StatementsAll statements other than statements of historical fact included in this press release about future events are subject to (i) change without notice and (ii) factors beyond the Company’s control. These statements may include  without limitation  any statements preceded by  followed by or including words such as “target ” “believe ” “expect ” “aim ” “intend ” “may ” “anticipate ” “estimate ” “plan ” “project ” “will ” “can have ” “likely ” “should ” “would ” “could” and other words and terms of similar meaning or the negative thereof. Forward-looking statements are subject to inherent risks and uncertainties beyond the Company’s control that could cause the Company’s actual results or performance to be materially different from the expected results or performance expressed or implied by such forward-looking statements.View source version on businesswire.com: https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20230330005581/en/",neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,mixed,0.61,0.15,0.24,True,English,"['MaaT Pharma', '2022 Annual Results', 'Business Overview', 'allogeneic hematopoietic stem-cell transplantation', 'R&D tax credit', 'ongoing Early Access Program', 'single arm clinical trial', 'positive Phase 1b data', 'compassionate access program', '2022 ASH conference Preparation', 'French clinical-stage biotech', 'difficult economic environment', 'effective therapeutic option', 'Hematology Annual Meeting', 'Average annual employees', 'acute myeloid leukemia', 'Phase 2a proof', 'Phase 2b trial', 'Microbiome Ecosystem TherapiesTM', 'full-year 2022 annual results', '2022 key achievements’ section', 'acute Graft-versus-Host Disease', 'Successful capital raise', 'Phase 3 clinical trial', 'MaaT Pharma states', 'clinical development pipeline', 'Key Financial Results', 'Income tax expense', 'Net financial income', 'positive data', 'concept trial', 'topline results', 'key clinical', 'microbiome therapies', 'clinical programs', 'different clinical', 'Net Income', 'Financial Expense', 'Net cha', 'Income Statement', 'Other Income', 'Operating income', 'Net cash', 'Regulatory News', 'Significant milestones', 'open label', 'metastatic melanoma', 'overall survival', 'blood cancers', 'current shareholders', 'survival outcomes', 'business overview', 'Hervé Affagard', 'manufacturing objectives', 'lead asset', 'first half', 'manufacturing facility', 'new pillar', 'Gross Margin', 'distribution costs', 'administrative costs', 'development costs', 'international standards', 'American Society', 'operational activities', 'development activities', 'administrative expenses', 'recurring costs', 'development programs', 'scientific teams', 'regulatory departments', 'operating activities', 'investing activities', 'financing activities', 'cash equivalents', 'Cash Position', 'total cash', 'Operating expense', 'Euronext Paris', 'net loss', '2022 full year', 'prior year', 'overall increase', 'patients’ responses', 'December', 'February', 'turnover', 'Initiation', 'March', 'Europe', 'treatment', 'hemato-oncology', 'April', 'AP-HP', 'immunotherapies', 'immuno-oncology', 'MaaT033', 'Completion', 'January', 'June', 'HSCT', 'presentation', 'complications', 'support', 'Company', 'pioneer', 'CEO', 'founder', 'MaaT01', 'ambition', 'need', 'safe', 'commencement', 'construction', 'mid-20', 'roadmap', 'beginning', 'progress', 'thousands', 'euros', 'Revenue', 'Goods', 'Sales', 'General', 'Research', 'period', 'accordance', 'IFRS', 'compensation', 'France', 'growth', 'advancement', 'listing', 'market', 'strengthening', 'technical']",2023-03-30,2023-03-30,markets.buffalonews.com
21728,EuroNext,Bing API,https://www.finanznachrichten.de/nachrichten-2023-03/58701652-wolters-kluwer-n-v-wolters-kluwer-receives-moody-s-rating-upgrade-to-a3-399.htm,Wolters Kluwer N.V.: Wolters Kluwer receives Moody's rating upgrade to A3,Wolters Kluwer receives Moody's rating upgrade to A3 Alphen aan den Rijn - March 30  2023 - Moody's Investors Service (Moody's) has upgraded Wolters Kluwer N.V.'s senior unsecured ratings to A3,"Wolters Kluwer receives Moody's rating upgrade to A3Alphen aan den Rijn - March30  2023 - Moody's Investors Service (Moody's) has upgraded Wolters Kluwer N.V.'s senior unsecured ratings to A3 from Baa1. The outlook on the ratings remains stable. Wolters Kluwer (EURONEXT: WKL) is a leading software solutions and services provider.According to Moody's  the upgrade reflects Wolters Kluwer's ""strong operating performance and credit metrics  as well as its improved business profile and resiliency to economic cycles."" Further  the ratings agency noted that ""the upgrade also reflects the corporate governance considerations associated with its track record in maintaining a conservative and predictable financial policy.""Moody's also noted that the A3 rating is ""supported by the company's strong operating performance with steady organic revenue growth  driven by its focus on software and cloud-based solutions  as well as the progressive improvement of its business risk profile.""The rating agency added that Wolters Kluwer ""has consistently delivered positive and improving organic revenue growth since 2010. In 2022  Wolters Kluwer reported 6.2% organic revenue growth  higher than the 5.7% growth rate reported in 2021.""Further  ""the stable outlook reflects Moody's expectation that the company's operating performance will continue to be solid  resulting in positive organic revenue growth and strong free cash flow generation.""The full report is available on the Moody's website.To learn more about Wolters Kluwer  please visit: www.wolterskluwer.com.# # #About Wolters KluwerWolters Kluwer (EURONEXT: WKL) is a global leader in information  software  and services for professionals in healthcare  tax and accounting  financial and corporate compliance  legal and regulatory  and corporate performance and ESG. We help our customers make critical decisions every day by providing expert solutions that combine deep domain knowledge with specialized technology and services.Wolters Kluwer reported 2022 annual revenues of €5.5 billion. The group serves customers in over 180 countries  maintains operations in over 40 countries  and employs approximately 20 000 people worldwide. The company is headquartered in Alphen aan den Rijn  the Netherlands.Wolters Kluwer shares are listed on Euronext Amsterdam (WKL) and are included in the AEX and Euronext 100 indices. Wolters Kluwer has a sponsored Level 1 American Depositary Receipt (ADR) program. The ADRs are traded on the over-the-counter market in the U.S. (WTKWY).For more information  visit www.wolterskluwer.com  follow us on LinkedIn  Twitter  Facebook  and YouTube.Media Contact:Paul LyonSenior Director  External CommunicationsGlobal Branding & CommunicationsWolters KluwerOffice +44 20 3197 6586Paul.Lyon@wolterskluwer.comForward-looking Statements and Other Important Legal InformationThis report contains forward-looking statements. These statements may be identified by words such as ""expect""  ""should""  ""could""  ""shall"" and similar expressions. Wolters Kluwer cautions that such forward-looking statements are qualified by certain risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results and events to differ materially from what is contemplated by the forward-looking statements. Factors which could cause actual results to differ from these forward-looking statements may include  without limitation  general economic conditions; conditions in the markets in which Wolters Kluwer is engaged; behavior of customers  suppliers  and competitors; technological developments; the implementation and execution of new ICT systems or outsourcing; and legal  tax  and regulatory rules affecting Wolters Kluwer's businesses  as well as risks related to mergers  acquisitions  and divestments. In addition  financial risks such as currency movements  interest rate fluctuations  liquidity  and credit risks could influence future results. The foregoing list of factors should not be construed as exhaustive. Wolters Kluwer disclaims any intention or obligation to publicly update or revise any forward-looking statements  whether as a result of new information  future events or otherwise.Attachment",neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,mixed,0.29,0.22,0.49,True,English,"['Wolters Kluwer N.V.', 'rating upgrade', 'Moody', 'A3', 'strong free cash flow generation', 'Alphen aan den Rijn', 'Level 1 American Depositary Receipt', 'steady organic revenue growth', 'positive organic revenue growth', 'Other Important Legal Information', 'Wolters Kluwer N.V.', '6.2% organic revenue growth', 'deep domain knowledge', 'strong operating performance', 'new ICT systems', 'interest rate fluctuations', 'corporate governance considerations', 'predictable financial policy', 'business risk profile', 'senior unsecured ratings', 'general economic conditions', 'Wolters Kluwer shares', 'Wolters Kluwer Office', 'leading software solutions', '5.7% growth rate', 'business profile', 'corporate performance', 'economic cycles', 'Senior Director', 'new information', 'cloud-based solutions', 'corporate compliance', 'expert solutions', 'Investors Service', 'credit metrics', 'ratings agency', 'track record', 'progressive improvement', 'rating agency', 'stable outlook', 'global leader', 'critical decisions', 'specialized technology', '2022 annual revenues', 'ADR) program', 'counter market', 'U.S.', 'Media Contact', 'Paul Lyon', 'Global Branding', 'Paul.Lyon', 'similar expressions', 'actual results', 'technological developments', 'currency movements', 'future results', 'foregoing list', 'Forward-looking Statements', 'full report', 'Euronext Amsterdam', 'Euronext 100 indices', 'External Communications', 'regulatory rules', 'financial risks', 'credit risks', 'future events', 'rating upgrade', 'services provider', 'A3 rating', 'Moody', 'March30', 'Baa', 'WKL', 'resiliency', 'conservative', 'company', 'focus', 'expectation', 'website', 'wolterskluwer', 'professionals', 'healthcare', 'tax', 'accounting', 'ESG', 'customers', 'group', '180 countries', 'operations', '40 countries', '20,000 people', 'Netherlands', 'AEX', 'ADRs', 'WTKWY', 'LinkedIn', 'Twitter', 'Facebook', 'YouTube', 'words', 'uncertainties', 'Factors', 'limitation', 'markets', 'behavior', 'suppliers', 'competitors', 'implementation', 'execution', 'outsourcing', 'businesses', 'mergers', 'acquisitions', 'divestments', 'addition', 'liquidity', 'intention', 'obligation', 'Attachment']",2023-03-05,2023-03-30,finanznachrichten.de
21729,EuroNext,Bing API,https://uk.finance.yahoo.com/news/inventiva-announces-filing-2022-universal-121900126.html,Inventiva announces filing of its 2022 Universal Registration Document and 2022 Annual Report on Form 20-F,March 30  2023 Inventiva (Euronext Paris and Nasdaq: IVA)  a clinical-stage biopharmaceutical company focused on the development of oral small molecule therapies for the treatment of non-alcoholic steatohepatitis (NASH) and other diseases with significant unmet medical needs ,INVENTIVADaix (France)  Long Island City (New York  United States)  March 30  2023 Inventiva (Euronext Paris and Nasdaq: IVA)  a clinical-stage biopharmaceutical company focused on the development of oral small molecule therapies for the treatment of non-alcoholic steatohepatitis (NASH) and other diseases with significant unmet medical needs  today announced that it had filed its 2022 Universal Registration Document for the year ended December 31  2022  including the management report and the annual financial report  with the French “Autorité des Marchés Financiers” (AMF) and its 2022 Annual Report on Form 20-F for the year ended December 31  2022 with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC).These documents can be accessed on the “Investors” section of the Company’s corporate website (www.inventivapharma.com). In addition  the 2022 Universal Registration Document is available on the website of the AMF (www.amf-france.org) and the 2022 Annual Report on Form 20-F is also available on the website of the SEC (www.sec.gov).About InventivaInventiva is a clinical-stage biopharmaceutical company focused on the research and development of oral small molecule therapies for the treatment of patients with NASH  mucopolysaccharidoses (“MPS”) and other diseases with significant unmet medical need. The Company benefits from a strong expertise and experience in the domain of compounds targeting nuclear receptors  transcription factors and epigenetic modulation. Inventiva is currently advancing one clinical candidate  has a pipeline of two preclinical programs and continues to explore other development opportunities to add to its pipeline.Inventiva’s lead product candidate  lanifibranor  is currently in a pivotal Phase III clinical trial  NATiV3  for the treatment of adult patients with NASH  a common and progressive chronic liver disease for which there are currently no approved therapies.Inventiva’s pipeline also includes odiparcil  a drug candidate for the treatment of adult MPS VI patients. As part of Inventiva’s decision to focus clinical efforts on the development of lanifibranor  it suspended its clinical efforts relating to odiparcil and is reviewing available options with respect to its potential further development. Inventiva is also in the process of selecting an oncology development candidate for its Hippo signaling pathway program.Story continuesThe Company has a scientific team of approximately 90 people with deep expertise in the fields of biology  medicinal and computational chemistry  pharmacokinetics and pharmacology  and clinical development. It owns an extensive library of approximately 240 000 pharmacologically relevant molecules  approximately 60% of which are proprietary  as well as a wholly-owned research and development facility.Inventiva is a public company listed on compartment B of the regulated market of Euronext Paris (ticker: IVA  ISIN:FR0013233012) and on the Nasdaq Global Market in the United States (ticker: IVA). www.inventivapharma.com.ContactsInventivaPascaline ClercVP of Global External Affairsmedia@inventivapharma.com+1 240 620 9175 Brunswick GroupTristan Roquet Montegon /Aude Lepreux /Matthieu BenoistMedia relationsinventiva@brunswickgroup.com+33 1 53 96 83 83 Westwicke  an ICR CompanyPatricia L. BankInvestor relationspatti.bank@westwicke.com+1 415 513 1284Important NoticeThis press release contains “forward-looking statements” within the meaning of the safe harbor provisions of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. All statements  other than statements of historical facts  included in this press release are forward-looking statements. These statements include  but are not limited to  forecasts and estimates with respect to Inventiva’s pre-clinical programs and clinical trials  including design  duration  timing  recruitment costs  screening and enrolment for those trials  including the ongoing NATiV3 Phase III clinical trial with lanifibranor in NASH and the LEGEND Phase IIa combination trial with lanifibranor and empagliflozin in patients with NASH and type 2 diabetes  potential development of and regulatory pathway for odiparcil  clinical trial data releases and publications  the information  insights and impacts that may be gathered from clinical trials  the potential therapeutic benefits of Inventiva’s product candidates  including lanifibranor  potential regulatory submissions and approvals  and Inventiva’s pipeline and preclinical and clinical development plans  future activities  expectations  plans  growth and prospects. Certain of these statements  forecasts and estimates can be recognized by the use of words such as  without limitation  “believes”  “anticipates”  “expects”  “intends”  “plans”  “seeks”  “estimates”  “may”  “will”  “would”  “could”  “might”  “should”  and “continue” and similar expressions. Such statements are not historical facts but rather are statements of future expectations and other forward-looking statements that are based on management's beliefs. These statements reflect such views and assumptions prevailing as of the date of the statements and involve known and unknown risks and uncertainties that could cause future results  performance or future events to differ materially from those expressed or implied in such statements. Actual events are difficult to predict and may depend upon factors that are beyond Inventiva's control. There can be no guarantees with respect to pipeline product candidates that the clinical trial results will be available on their anticipated timeline  that future clinical trials will be initiated as anticipated  that product candidates will receive the necessary regulatory approvals  or that any of the anticipated milestones by Inventiva or its partners will be reached on their expected timeline  or at all. Actual results may turn out to be materially different from the anticipated future results  performance or achievements expressed or implied by such statements  forecasts and estimates  due to a number of factors  including that Inventiva is a clinical-stage company with no approved products and no historical product revenues  Inventiva has incurred significant losses since inception  Inventiva has a limited operating history and has never generated any revenue from product sales  Inventiva will require additional capital to finance its operations  in the absence of which  Inventiva may be required to significantly curtail  delay or discontinue one or more of its research or development programs or be unable to expand its operations or otherwise capitalize on its business opportunities and may be unable to continue as a going concern  Inventiva's future success is dependent on the successful clinical development  regulatory approval and subsequent commercialization of current and any future product candidates  preclinical studies or earlier clinical trials are not necessarily predictive of future results and the results of Inventiva's clinical trials may not support Inventiva's product candidate claims  Inventiva’s expectations with respect to the changes to the clinical development plan for lanifibranor for the treatment of NASH may not be realized and may not support the approval of a New Drug Application  Inventiva may encounter substantial delays in its clinical trials or Inventiva may fail to demonstrate safety and efficacy to the satisfaction of applicable regulatory authorities  the ability of Inventiva to recruit and retain patients in clinical studies  enrolment and retention of patients in clinical trials is an expensive and time-consuming process and could be made more difficult or rendered impossible by multiple factors outside Inventiva's control  Inventiva's product candidates may cause adverse drug reactions or have other properties that could delay or prevent their regulatory approval  or limit their commercial potential  Inventiva faces substantial competition and Inventiva’s business  and preclinical studies and clinical development programs and timelines  its financial condition and results of operations could be materially and adversely affected by the current COVID-19 pandemic and geopolitical events  such as the conflict between Russia and Ukraine  related sanctions and related impacts and potential impacts on the initiation  enrolment and completion of Inventiva’s clinical trials on anticipated timelines  and macroeconomic conditions  including global inflation  uncertain financial markets and disruptions in banking systems. Given these risks and uncertainties  no representations are made as to the accuracy or fairness of such forward-looking statements  forecasts and estimates. Furthermore  forward-looking statements  forecasts and estimates only speak as of the date of this press release. Readers are cautioned not to place undue reliance on any of these forward-looking statements.Please refer to the Universal Registration Document for the year ended December 31  2022 filed with the Autorité des Marchés Financiers on March 30  2023  and the Annual Report on Form 20-F for the year ended December 31  2022 filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on March 30  2023.All information in this press release is as of the date of the release. Except as required by law  Inventiva has no intention and is under no obligation to update or review the forward-looking statements referred to above. Consequently  Inventiva accepts no liability for any consequences arising from the use of any of the above statements.Attachment,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,mixed,0.41,0.28,0.31,True,English,"['2022 Universal Registration Document', '2022 Annual Report', 'Inventiva', 'filing', 'Form', 'French “Autorité des Marchés Financiers', 'ongoing NATiV3 Phase III clinical trial', 'LEGEND Phase IIa combination trial', 'Private Securities Litigation Reform Act', 'pivotal Phase III clinical trial', 'clinical trial data releases', 'significant unmet medical needs', 'progressive chronic liver disease', 'oral small molecule therapies', 'Hippo signaling pathway program', 'U.S. Securities', 'adult MPS VI patients', 'Long Island City', '2022 Universal Registration Document', '240,000 pharmacologically relevant molecules', 'Global External Affairs', 'Tristan Roquet Montegon', 'safe harbor provisions', 'one clinical candidate', 'lead product candidate', 'potential therapeutic benefits', 'clinical-stage biopharmaceutical company', 'Patricia L. Bank', 'potential regulatory submissions', 'oncology development candidate', 'annual financial report', 'two preclinical programs', 'other development opportunities', 'Nasdaq Global Market', 'clinical development plans', 'other forward-looking statements', 'regulatory pathway', 'clinical efforts', 'adult patients', 'clinical trials', 'drug candidate', '2022 Annual Report', 'other diseases', 'pre-clinical programs', 'product candidates', 'potential development', 'New York', 'United States', 'Euronext Paris', 'non-alcoholic steatohepatitis', 'Form 20-F', 'Exchange Commission', 'Investors” section', 'strong expertise', 'nuclear receptors', 'transcription factors', 'epigenetic modulation', 'available options', 'scientific team', 'deep expertise', 'computational chemistry', 'extensive library', 'public company', 'compartment B', 'Pascaline Clerc', 'Brunswick Group', 'Aude Lepreux', 'Matthieu Benoist', 'Media relations', 'ICR Company', 'Investor relations', 'Important Notice', 'press release', 'historical facts', 'recruitment costs', 'type 2 diabetes', 'future activities', 'similar expressions', 'development facility', 'management report', 'The Company', 'future expectations', 'Such statements', 'corporate website', 'INVENTIVA', 'Daix', 'France', 'treatment', 'NASH', 'year', 'December', 'AMF', 'documents', 'addition', 'org', 'research', 'mucopolysaccharidoses', 'experience', 'domain', 'compounds', 'pipeline', 'lanifibranor', 'common', 'odiparcil', 'decision', 'respect', 'process', 'Story', '90 people', 'fields', 'biology', 'medicinal', 'pharmacokinetics', 'pharmacology', 'Contacts', 'VP', 'brunswickgroup', 'Westwicke', 'patti', 'meaning', 'forecasts', 'estimates', 'design', 'duration', 'timing', 'screening', 'enrolment', 'empagliflozin', 'publications', 'information', 'insights', 'impacts', 'approvals', 'growth', 'prospects', 'use', 'words', 'limitation', 'believes', 'expects', 'seeks', 'beliefs']",2023-03-30,2023-03-30,uk.finance.yahoo.com
21730,EuroNext,Bing API,https://uk.finance.yahoo.com/news/zealand-pharma-announces-directed-issue-150100099.html,Zealand Pharma announces directed issue and private placement of approximately 6.5 million new shares,No. 10 / 2023 Zealand Pharma announces directed issue and private placement of approximately 6.5 million new shares NOT FOR RELEASE  PUBLICATION OR DISTRIBUTION IN WHOLE OR IN PART IN OR INTO THE UNITED STATES ,"Zealand PharmaCompany announcement – No. 10 / 2023Zealand Pharma announces directed issue and private placement of approximately 6.5 million new sharesNOT FOR RELEASE  PUBLICATION OR DISTRIBUTION IN WHOLE OR IN PART IN OR INTO THE UNITED STATES  AUSTRALIA  CANADA  JAPAN OR SOUTH AFRICA  EXCEPT AS PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW.THIS ANNOUNCEMENT IS NOT AN OFFER OF SECURITIES FOR SALE IN THE UNITED STATES AND THE SECURITIES REFERRED TO HEREIN MAY NOT BE OFFERED OR SOLD IN THE UNITED STATES ABSENT REGISTRATION EXCEPT PURSUANT TO AN EXEMPTION FROM  OR IN A TRANSACTION NOT SUBJECT TO  THE REGISTRATION REQUIREMENTS OF THE U.S. SECURITIES ACT; ANY PUBLIC OFFERING OF SUCH SECURITIES TO BE MADE IN THE UNITED STATES WILL BE MADE BY MEANS OF A PROSPECTUS THAT MAY BE OBTAINED FROM THE ISSUER  WHICH WOULD CONTAIN DETAILED INFORMATION ABOUT THE COMPANY AND MANAGEMENT  AS WELL AS FINANCIAL STATEMENTS.A directed share offering to certain institutional and professional investors through an accelerated bookbuilding process will begin immediately.The net proceeds from the issue are expected to be used to fund continued development of Zealand's proprietary pipeline of investigational peptide-based therapeutics  support pre-commercial activities  and general corporate purposes.Copenhagen  Denmark  30 March 2023 – Zealand Pharma A/S (""Zealand"") (Nasdaq: ZEAL)  (CVR-no. 20 04 50 78)  a biotechnology company focused on the discovery and development of innovative peptide-based medicines  announces the launch of an offering of new shares at market price (the ""Offering""). The Offering will be completed through an accelerated bookbuilding process and will consist of approx. 6.5 million new shares (the ""New Shares"") in a private placement directed at institutional and professional investors in Denmark and certain other jurisdictions.Background for the OfferingThe net proceeds from the Offering are (in the following prioritized order) intended to:Support the remaining late stage rare disease assets  and pursue a strong strategic partner for future commercializationAdvance the clinical-stage candidates  including the obesity/metabolic disease portfolio that includes the clinical-stage GLP-1/GLP-2 dual agonist (dapiglutide) and amylin analog (ZP8396); and non-clinical stage GIP analog (ZP6590)Progress additional peptide candidates from non-clinical development into early clinical developmentContinue its early discovery and research to develop additional peptide candidatesStrengthen the Company’s capital base and cash preparedness (general corporate purposes)Story continuesZealand expects the new funds to provide cash runway to mid-2026 and expects to advance the clinical pipeline and as such reach several potential key milestones within this time frame. The Company is prioritizing resources on R&D and expects to engage in strategic partnerships for commercialization and co-development.Terms of the OfferingThe Offering has not been registered under the U.S. Securities Act of 1933  as amended (the “U.S. Securities Act”)  and will be made pursuant to applicable exemptions from the obligation to publish a Danish prospectus in Denmark as well as exemptions from the U.S. Securities Act and the securities laws of other applicable jurisdictions. The Offering will be made at market price and without pre-emption rights for Zealand's existing shareholders. The Offering is not underwritten.A prospectus will be published by Zealand  expectedly on 3 April 2023  for the admission to trading and official listing on Nasdaq Copenhagen A/S of the New Shares  but said prospectus was not and will not be used for the Offering.The subscription price and the final number of New Shares in the Offering will be determined through an accelerated bookbuilding process (the ""Bookbuilding"") as part of the Offering. The Bookbuilding for the Offering will open with immediate effect and can close at any time. The offer price and allocation will be determined after the close of the Bookbuilding process at Zealand's discretion. The result of the Offering  the offer price and the total number of New Shares are expected to be announced as soon as practicable thereafter in a company announcement. If the Offering is oversubscribed  an individual allocation of the New Shares will be made.The New Shares will  if issued  be issued in the systems of VP Securities A/S (""Euronext Securities"") and delivered to the investors in the temporary ISIN code DK0062271045. No application for admission to trading and official listing has been  or will be  filed for the New Shares issued under the temporary ISIN code  and the temporary ISIN code will only be registered with Euronext Securities for subscription for the New Shares. The temporary ISIN code in Euronext Securities will be merged with the permanent ISIN code for the existing shares  DK0060257814  as soon as possible following registration of the share capital increase with the Danish Business Authority. New Shares are  if issued  expected to be admitted to trading and official listing on Nasdaq Copenhagen A/S  in the ISIN code for the existing shares  DK0060257814  following issuance  expectedly on 5 April 2023.In connection with the Offering  Zealand has agreed to undertake a lock-up commitment for 180 calendar days following the date hereof  subject to certain customary exceptions and exemption in relation to issue of warrants to financing providers. In addition  the members of Zealand's executive management and board of directors have agreed to undertake a lock-up commitment for 90 calendar days following the date hereof  subject to certain customary exemptions and a carveout for the sale of a limited number of shares to cover the subscription price for shares acquired by way of exercise of warrants in March 2023 and tax related thereto.Danske Bank A/S  Goldman Sachs International  Jefferies GmbH and Nordea Danmark  Filial af Nordea Bank Abp  Finland are acting as joint global coordinators and joint bookrunners in the Offering  and Van Lanschot Kempen N.V is acting as lead manager in the Offering (the joint global coordinators and the lead manager are jointly referred to as the ""Managers"").Plesner and Cooley LLP are acting as Danish and U.S. legal advisors respectively to Zealand for the Offering. Kromann Reumert is acting as legal advisor to the Managers.Share capital increaseThe board of directors of Zealand is  if the Offering is completed  expected to exercise its authorization in article 7.1 of Zealand's articles of association granted by Zealand's general meeting at the annual general meeting 29 March 2023  to issue the New Shares and increase Zealand's share capital accordingly.Expected timetable for the OfferingBookbuilding will commence immediately and can close at any time.Completion of the Offering  including the admission to trading and official listing of the New Shares  is subject to the Offering not being withdrawn prior to the settlement hereof and Zealand making an announcement to that effect.Expected 30 March 2023 Pricing and allocation - announcement of subscription price Expected 3 April 2023 Publication of prospectus for admission to trading and official listing on Nasdaq Copenhagen A/S of the New Shares Expected 4 April 2023 Registration of the New Shares with the Danish Business Authority Expected 4 April 2023 Settlement and payment against delivery of the New Shares. The New Shares will be delivered in the temporary ISIN code Expected 5 April 2023 Admittance to trading and official listing of the New Shares  in the ISIN code for the existing shares  DK0060257814  on Nasdaq Copenhagen A/S Expected 11 April 2023 Merger of the temporary ISIN code with the permanent ISIN codeCertain information in the prospectusThe prospectus to be published by Zealand  expectedly on 3 April 2023  for the admission to trading and official listing on Nasdaq Copenhagen A/S of the New Shares  will contain the following information on Zealand's consolidated capitalization and indebtedness as of 31 January 2023 (unaudited):Capitalization (DKK’000) Total current debt.................................................................................41 600 Guaranteed.............................................................................................. 0 Secured(1) ................................................................................................ 41 600 Unsecured/unguaranteed(2)........................................................................ 0 Total non-current debt.......................................................................... 396 409 Guaranteed.............................................................................................. 0 Secured(3) ................................................................................................ 396 409 Unsecured/unguaranteed(4)........................................................................ 0 Shareholder equity 815 911 Share capital............................................................................................ 51 702 Legal reserves.......................................................................................... 0 Other reserves......................................................................................... 764 209 Total...................................................................................................... 1 253 920(1) Secured by 200 000 treasury shares.(2) Excludes DKK 14.7 million in current lease liabilities.(3) Debt secured by floating charge collateral covering with all assets in Zealand which can be collateralized  including shares in certain subsidiaries.(4) Excludes DKK 105.5 million in non-current lease liabilities.Net indebtedness (DKK’000) (A) Cash.................................................................................................. 621 726 (B) Cash subject to certain conditions(1)................................................. 343 340 (C) Other current financial assets(2)........................................................ 140 410 (D) Liquidity (A)+(B)+(C).................................................................... 1 105 476 (E) Current financial debt (including debt instruments  but excluding current portion of non-current financial debt)..41 600 (F) Current portion of non-current financial debt(3).................................. 14 654 (G) Current financial indebtedness (E)+(F) ......................................... 56 254 (H) Net current financial indebtedness (G)-(D) ................................... -1 049 222 (I) Non-current debt  financial debt (excluding current portion and debt instruments)(4)...421 613 (J) Debt instruments................................................................................ 80 291 (K) Non-current trade and other payables............................................... 19 058 (L) Non-current financial indebtedness (I)+(J)+(K) ........................... 520 962 (M) Total financial indebtedness (H)+(L)] .......................................... -528 260(1) USD 50.0 million must be held in a designated deposit account. The funds can be released in increments of USD 10 million for purposes of operating Zealand’s business in the ordinary course upon prior notice to Oberland Capital.(2) Includes marketable securities and excludes accounts receivables and contract assets(3) Includes DKK 14.7 million in current lease liabilities.(4) Includes DKK 105.5 million in non-current lease liabilities.Contacts:Anna Krassowska  Vice President  Investor Relations & Corporate CommunicationsAKrassowska@zealandpharma.comHenriette Wennicke  Executive Vice President and Chief Financial OfficerHWennicke@zealandpharma.comAdam Steensberg  President and Chief Executive OfficerASteensberg@zealandpharma.comAbout Zealand Pharma A/SZealand Pharma A/S (Nasdaq: ZEAL) (“Zealand”) is a biotechnology company focused on the discovery and development of peptide-based medicines. More than 10 drug candidates invented by Zealand have advanced into clinical development  of which two have reached the market and three candidates are in late-stage development.The company has development partnerships with several pharma companies as well as commercial partnerships for its marketed products.Zealand was founded in 1998 and is headquartered in Copenhagen  Denmark  with a presence in the U.S  that includes Boston. For more information about Zealand’s business and activities  please visit www.zealandpharma.com .Important informationThis announcement is not a prospectus and investors should not purchase any securities referred to in this announcement on the basis of this announcement. The information contained in this announcement is for information and background purposes only and does not purport to be full or complete. No reliance may or should be placed by any person for any purposes whatsoever on the information contained in this announcement or on its completeness  accuracy or fairness. The information in this announcement is subject to change. No obligation is undertaken to update this announcement or correct any inaccuracies  and the distribution of this announcement shall not be deemed to be any form of commitment on the part of Zealand to proceed with any transaction or arrangement referred to herein. This announcement has not been approved by any competent regulatory authority.This announcement does not constitute or form part of any offer or invitation to sell or issue  or any solicitation of any offer to purchase or subscribe for any shares or any other securities nor shall it (or any part of it) or the fact of its distribution  form the basis of  or be relied on in connection with  or act as an inducement to enter into  any contract or commitment whatsoever. The transactions described in this announcement and the distribution of this announcement and other information in connection with the transactions in certain jurisdictions may be restricted by law and persons into whose possession this announcement  any document or other information referred to herein comes should inform themselves about  and observe  any such restrictions. In particular  no announcement or information regarding such transactions may be disseminated to the public in any jurisdiction where a prior registration or approval is required for such purpose. Any failure to comply with these or other applicable restrictions may constitute a violation of the securities laws of any such jurisdiction.In particular  this announcement does not contain or constitute an offer of  or the solicitation of an offer to buy or subscribe for  securities to any person in the United States (including its territories and possessions  any state of the United States and the District of Columbia  the United States)  Australia  Canada  Japan or South Africa  or in any other jurisdiction to whom or in which such offer or solicitation is unlawful (""Excluded Territories""). Any failure to comply with these restrictions may constitute a violation of the securities laws of any such jurisdiction. The securities referred to in this announcement have not been  and will not be  registered under the U.S. Securities Act or under the securities laws of any state of the United States or any other Excluded Territory. Accordingly  such securities may not be offered  sold  resold or delivered  directly or indirectly  in or into the United States absent registration except pursuant to an exemption from  or in a transaction not subject to  the registration requirements of the U.S. Securities Act  and such securities may not be offered  sold  resold  taken up  exercised  renounced  transferred  delivered or distributed  directly or indirectly  in or into any other Excluded Territories or any other jurisdiction if to do so would constitute a violation of the relevant laws of  or require registration of such securities in  the relevant jurisdiction. There will be no public offer of securities in the United States or elsewhere. Any public offer of such securities to be made in the United States would be made by means of a prospectus that may be obtained from Zealand  which would contain detailed information about the company and management  as well as financial statements. None of Zealand  the Managers or any of their respective subsidiary undertakings  affiliates or any of their respective directors  officers  employees  advisers  agents or any other person accepts any responsibility whatsoever if the foregoing restrictions are not complied with by any other person.This announcement is not for release  publication or distribution in whole or in part in or into the Excluded Territories  except as permitted by applicable law.This announcement has been prepared on the basis that any offers of securities referred to herein will be made pursuant to an exemption from the requirement to publish a prospectus for offers of such securities (i) in any Member State of the EEA under the Prospectus Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 on prospectuses (the ""EU Prospectus Regulation"")  and (ii) in the United Kingdom  under the Prospectus Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 as it forms part of domestic law in the United Kingdom by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (the “UK Prospectus Regulation”).The information set forth in this announcement is only being distributed to  and directed at  persons in Member States of the EEA who are ""qualified investors"" within the meaning of Article 2(1)(e) of the EU Prospectus Regulation.This announcement is only being distributed to  and is only directed at  persons in the United Kingdom who are ""qualified investors"" within the meaning of Article 2(1)(e) of the UK Prospectus Regulation  who are also persons that (i) are “investment professionals” falling within Article 19(5) of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 (Financial Promotion) Order 2005 (as amended  the ""Order"")  (ii) are persons falling within Article 49(2)(a) to (d) (""high net worth companies  unincorporated associations  etc."") of the Order  or (iii) are persons to whom an invitation or inducement to engage in investment activity (within the meaning of section 21 of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000) in connection with the issue or sale of any securities may otherwise lawfully be communicated or caused to be communicated (all such persons together being referred to as ""relevant persons""). Any investment or investment activity to which this announcement relates is available in the United Kingdom only to relevant persons and will be engaged in only with relevant persons. This announcement must not be acted on or relied on by persons in the United Kingdom who are not relevant persons.This announcement is not made and will not make an offer to the public in Switzerland  except for any offering under the following exemptions under the Swiss Financial Services Act as of 15 June 2018  as amended (“FINSA”): (i) to a professional client as defined in FINSA; or (ii) in any other circumstances relying on an exemption to publish an offering prospectus under FINSA  provided that no such offer shall require Zealand  the Managers or any other person involved in the Offering to publish a prospectus pursuant to FINSA.None of Zealand  the Managers or any of their respective subsidiary undertakings  affiliates or any of their respective directors  officers  employees  advisers  agents or any other person accepts any responsibility whatsoever for  or makes any representation or warranty  express or implied  as to the truth  accuracy  completeness or fairness of the information or opinions in this announcement (or whether any information has been omitted from the announcement) or any other information relating to Zealand or associated companies  whether written  oral or in a visual or electronic form  and howsoever transmitted or made available or for any loss howsoever arising from any use of this announcement or its contents or otherwise arising in connection therewith.This announcement does not constitute an investment recommendation. The price and value of securities and any income from them can go down as well as up and you could lose your entire investment. Past performance is not a guide to future performance. Information in this announcement cannot be relied upon as a guide to future performance.The Managers are acting for Zealand and for no one else in relation to the Offering and will not be responsible to any other person for providing the protections afforded to their clients nor for providing advice in connection with the matters contained in this announcement. No representation or warranty  express or implied  is or will be made as to  or in relation to  and no responsibility or liability is or will be accepted by the Managers or by any of their affiliates or agents  as to or in relation to  the accuracy or completeness of this announcement or any other written or oral information made available to or publicly available to any interested party or its advisers  and any liability therefore is expressly disclaimed.In connection with the Offering  each of the Managers and any of their respective affiliates or any person acting on its or their behalf  may take up a portion of the shares of Zealand in the Offering in a principal position and in that capacity may retain  purchase or sell for its own account such shares and other securities of Zealand or related investments and may offer or sell such shares  securities or other investments otherwise than in connection with the Offering. Accordingly  references in this announcement to New Shares being issued  offered or placed should be read as including any issue  offering or placement of such shares in Zealand to the Managers or any of their respective affiliates or any person acting on its or their behalf acting in such capacity. In addition  any Manager or any of their respective affiliates or any person acting on its or their behalf may enter into financing arrangements (including swaps  warrants or contracts for difference) with investors in connection with which such Manager(s) or any of their respective affiliates or any person acting on its or their behalf may from time to time acquire  hold or dispose of such securities of Zealand  including the New Shares. Furthermore  in the event that the Managers acquire New Shares in the Offering  they may co-ordinate disposals of such shares in accordance with applicable law and regulation. None of the Managers or any of their respective affiliates or any person acting on its or their behalf intend to disclose the extent of any such investment or transactions otherwise than in accordance with any legal or regulatory obligation to do so.Solely for the purposes of the product governance requirements contained within: (a) EU Directive 2014/65/EU on markets in financial instruments  as amended (“MiFID II”); (b) Articles 9 and 10 of Commission Delegated Directive (EU) 2017/593 supplementing MiFID II; and (c) local implementing measures (together  the “MiFID II Product Governance Requirements”)  and disclaiming all and any liability  whether arising in tort  contract or otherwise  which any “manufacturer” (for the purposes of the MiFID II Product Governance Requirements) may otherwise have with respect thereto  the shares in Zealand Pharma A/S have been subject to a product approval process  which has determined that such shares are: (i) compatible with an end target market of retail investors and investors who meet the criteria of professional clients and eligible counterparties  each as defined in MiFID II; and (ii) eligible for distribution through all distribution channels as are permitted by MiFID II (the “Target Market Assessment”). Notwithstanding the Target Market Assessment  Distributors should note that: the price of the shares in Zealand Pharma A/S may decline and investors could lose all or part of their investment; the shares in Zealand Pharma A/S offer no guaranteed income and no capital protection; and an investment in the shares in Zealand Pharma A/S is compatible only with investors who do not need a guaranteed income or capital protection  who (either alone or in conjunction with an appropriate financial or other adviser) are capable of evaluating the merits and risks of such an investment and who have sufficient resources to be able to bear any losses that may result therefrom. The Target Market Assessment is without prejudice to the requirements of any contractual  legal or regulatory selling restrictions in relation to the contemplated share issue. Furthermore  it is noted that  notwithstanding the Target Market Assessment  Danske Bank A/S  Goldman Sachs International  Jefferies GmbH  Nordea Danmark  filial af Nordea Bank Abp  Finland and Van Lanschot Kempen N.V will only procure investors who meet the criteria of professional clients and eligible counterparties.For the avoidance of doubt  the Target Market Assessment does not constitute: (a) an assessment of suitability or appropriateness for the purposes of MiFID II; or (b) a recommendation to any investor or group of investors to invest in  or purchase  or take any other action whatsoever with respect to the shares in Zealand Pharma A/S. Each distributor is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the shares in Zealand Pharma A/S and determining appropriate distribution channels.Forward-Looking StatementsThis announcement contains forward-looking statements that provide Zealand Pharma’s expectations or forecasts of future events  including the pricing and closing of the Offering  the use of proceeds therefrom and the company’s anticipated cash runway. These forward-looking statements may be identified by words such as “aim ” “anticipate ” “believe ” “could ” “estimate ” “expect ” “forecast ” “goal ” “intend ” “may ” “plan ” “possible ” “potential ” “will ” “would” and other words and terms of similar meaning. You should not place undue reliance on these statements  or the scientific data presented. The reader is cautioned not to rely on these forward-looking statements. Such forward-looking statements are subject to risks  uncertainties and inaccurate assumptions  which may cause actual results to differ materially from expectations set forth herein and may cause any or all of such forward-looking statements to be incorrect  and which include  but are not limited to  the occurrence of clinical  corporate  regulatory or financial developments or changes in market conditions. If any or all of such forward-looking statements prove to be incorrect  our actual results could differ materially and adversely from those anticipated or implied by such statements. The foregoing sets forth many  but not all  of the factors that could cause actual results to differ from our expectations in any forward-looking statement. All such forward-looking statements speak only as of the date of this announcement and are based on information available to Zealand Pharma as of the date of this release. We do not undertake to update any of these forward-looking statements to reflect events or circumstances that occur after the date hereof. Information concerning pharmaceuticals (including compounds under development) contained within this material is not intended as advertising or medical advice.",neutral,0.0,0.99,0.0,mixed,0.24,0.27,0.49,True,English,"['6.5 million new shares', 'Zealand Pharma', 'directed issue', 'private placement', 'remaining late stage rare disease assets', 'several potential key milestones', 'clinical-stage GLP-1/GLP-2 dual agonist', 'U.S. SECURITIES ACT', 'UNITED STATES ABSENT REGISTRATION', 'obesity/metabolic disease portfolio', 'Zealand Pharma Company announcement', 'investigational peptide-based therapeutics', 'general corporate purposes', 'innovative peptide-based medicines', 'following prioritized order', 'temporary ISIN code', 'permanent ISIN code', 'additional peptide candidates', 'strong strategic partner', 'VP Securities A/S', 'Danish Business Authority', 'share capital increase', 'Zealand Pharma A/S', 'Nasdaq Copenhagen A/S', 'other applicable jurisdictions', '6.5 million new shares', 'early clinical development', 'clinical stage', 'The New Shares', 'clinical-stage candidates', 'other jurisdictions', 'capital base', 'strategic partnerships', 'securities laws', 'Euronext Securities', 'APPLICABLE LAW', 'REGISTRATION REQUIREMENTS', 'clinical pipeline', 'new funds', 'existing shares', 'private placement', 'SOUTH AFRICA', 'DETAILED INFORMATION', 'FINANCIAL STATEMENTS', 'net proceeds', 'proprietary pipeline', 'pre-commercial activities', 'biotechnology company', 'market price', 'amylin analog', 'GIP analog', 'early discovery', 'cash preparedness', 'cash runway', 'R&D', 'pre-emption rights', 'existing shareholders', 'official listing', 'final number', 'immediate effect', 'total number', 'applicable exemptions', 'bookbuilding process', 'continued development', 'Danish prospectus', 'professional investors', 'offer price', 'share offering', 'The Company', 'directed issue', 'future commercialization', 'time frame', 'subscription price', 'individual allocation', 'The Bookbuilding', 'The Offering', 'No.', 'RELEASE', 'DISTRIBUTION', 'WHOLE', 'AUSTRALIA', 'CANADA', 'JAPAN', 'SALE', 'TRANSACTION', 'MEANS', 'ISSUER', 'MANAGEMENT', 'institutional', 'Denmark', 'launch', 'accelerated', 'dapiglutide', 'ZP8396', 'research', 'Story', 'resources', 'Terms', 'obligation', '3 April', 'trading', 'close', 'discretion', 'result', 'systems', 'application', '30']",2023-03-30,2023-03-30,uk.finance.yahoo.com
21731,EuroNext,Bing API,https://markets.businessinsider.com/news/stocks/cairn-homes-plc-transaction-in-own-shares-1032202341,Cairn Homes Plc: Transaction in Own Shares,"The Company announces that on 29 March 2023 it purchased a total of 144 400 of its ordinary shares of EUR 0.001 each (the ""ordinary shares"") on Euronext Dublin and the London Stock Exchange through the Company's broker Goodbody Stockbrokers UC (Goodbody ...","30 March 2023Cairn Homes plc (the Company)Transaction in own sharesThe Company announces that on 29 March 2023 it purchased a total of 144 400 of its ordinary shares of EUR 0.001 each (the ""ordinary shares"") on Euronext Dublin and the London Stock Exchange through the Company's broker Goodbody Stockbrokers UC (Goodbody)  as detailed below. The repurchased shares will be cancelled.Euronext Dublin London Stock Exchange Number of ordinary shares purchased 89 697 54 703 Highest price paid (per ordinary share) 1.0180 £0.8950 Lowest price paid (per ordinary share) 1.0080 £0.8870 Volume weighted average price paid (per ordinary share) 1.0149 £0.8937The purchases form part of the Companys share buyback programme announced on 3 March 2023.Following settlement and cancellation of the above purchases  the Company's total number of ordinary shares in issue shall be 684 338 088 ordinary shares  each carrying the right to one vote. The Company holds nil ordinary shares in treasury.In accordance with Article 5(1)(b) of Regulation (EU) No 596/2014 (the Market Abuse Regulation)  the detailed breakdown of individual trades made by Goodbody on behalf of the Company as part of the share buyback programme is set out below.Contacts:Cairn Homes plc +353 1 696 4600Tara Grimley  Company SecretaryAppendixTransaction DetailsIssuer Name Cairn Homes plc LEI 635400DPX6WP2KKDOA83 ISIN IE00BWY4ZF18 Intermediary Name Goodbody Stockbrokers UC Intermediary Code GDBSIE21XXX Timezone GMT Currency EUR & GBPEuronext DublinNumber of Shares Price per Share (EUR) Trading venue Time of transaction Transaction Reference Number 857 1.0080 XDUB 09:18:52 00027547398TRDU1 1 807 1.0100 XDUB 09:28:07 00027547530TRDU1 1 296 1.0120 XDUB 09:55:33 00027547839TRDU1 1 020 1.0120 XDUB 10:07:13 00027547940TRDU1 1 988 1.0120 XDUB 10:18:05 00027548024TRDU1 1 045 1.0120 XDUB 10:29:03 00027548192TRDU1 826 1.0120 XDUB 10:29:03 00027548191TRDU1 5 855 1.0120 XDUB 10:29:03 00027548198TRDU1 2 401 1.0120 XDUB 10:29:03 00027548197TRDU1 1 509 1.0120 XDUB 10:29:03 00027548196TRDU1 408 1.0120 XDUB 10:29:03 00027548200TRDU1 1 000 1.0120 XDUB 10:29:03 00027548199TRDU1 1 759 1.0080 XDUB 11:04:56 00027548539TRDU1 2 180 1.0080 XDUB 11:05:31 00027548547TRDU1 2 135 1.0080 XDUB 11:05:31 00027548546TRDU1 2 177 1.0080 XDUB 11:05:31 00027548545TRDU1 638 1.0080 XDUB 11:05:31 00027548544TRDU1 2 000 1.0180 XDUB 12:56:55 00027549634TRDU1 3 626 1.0180 XDUB 12:59:05 00027549693TRDU1 1 669 1.0180 XDUB 12:59:05 00027549692TRDU1 5 916 1.0180 XDUB 12:59:05 00027549691TRDU1 1 669 1.0180 XDUB 12:59:05 00027549690TRDU1 507 1.0180 XDUB 12:59:05 00027549689TRDU1 2 545 1.0180 XDUB 12:59:05 00027549688TRDU1 2 040 1.0180 XDUB 12:59:05 00027549687TRDU1 547 1.0180 XDUB 12:59:05 00027549686TRDU1 2 551 1.0140 XDUB 13:36:48 00027550423TRDU1 401 1.0140 XDUB 13:47:09 00027550530TRDU1 2 071 1.0140 XDUB 13:47:09 00027550529TRDU1 2 341 1.0140 XDUB 13:57:17 00027550704TRDU1 2 361 1.0160 XDUB 14:06:54 00027551136TRDU1 98 1.0180 XDUB 14:31:30 00027551294TRDU1 590 1.0180 XDUB 14:31:30 00027551293TRDU1 1 971 1.0180 XDUB 14:31:30 00027551292TRDU1 1 971 1.0180 XDUB 14:31:30 00027551291TRDU1 2 192 1.0180 XDUB 14:31:30 00027551290TRDU1 2 190 1.0180 XDUB 14:35:34 00027551356TRDU1 98 1.0180 XDUB 14:35:34 00027551355TRDU1 2 190 1.0160 XDUB 14:39:35 00027551406TRDU1 83 1.0160 XDUB 14:39:35 00027551405TRDU1 694 1.0160 XDUB 16:00:42 00027553263TRDU1 557 1.0160 XDUB 16:00:42 00027553262TRDU1 1 000 1.0160 XDUB 16:00:42 00027553261TRDU1 2 549 1.0160 XDUB 16:00:42 00027553260TRDU1 2 502 1.0160 XDUB 16:00:42 00027553259TRDU1 1 557 1.0160 XDUB 16:00:42 00027553258TRDU1 1 396 1.0160 XDUB 16:00:42 00027553264TRDU1 1 799 1.0180 XDUB 16:21:04 00027553725TRDU1 2 060 1.0180 XDUB 16:21:04 00027553724TRDU1 1 230 1.0180 XDUB 16:21:04 00027553723TRDU1 353 1.0180 XDUB 16:21:04 00027553729TRDU1 2 272 1.0180 XDUB 16:21:04 00027553728TRDU1 353 1.0180 XDUB 16:21:04 00027553727TRDU1 847 1.0180 XDUB 16:21:04 00027553730TRDU1London Stock Exchange",neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,neutral,0.01,0.95,0.03,True,English,"['Cairn Homes Plc', 'Own Shares', 'Transaction', 'ISIN IE00BWY4ZF18 Intermediary Name Goodbody Stockbrokers UC Intermediary Code GDBSIE21XXX Timezone GMT Currency EUR', 'Euronext Dublin London Stock Exchange Number', 'Volume weighted average price', 'Companys share buyback programme', 'transaction Transaction Reference Number', 'Issuer Name', 'Trading venue Time', 'Market Abuse Regulation', 'Cairn Homes plc', 'nil ordinary shares', 'total number', 'Transaction Details', 'Highest price', 'Lowest price', 'Shares Price', '684,338,088 ordinary shares', 'one vote', 'EU) No', 'detailed breakdown', 'individual trades', 'Tara Grimley', 'The Company', 'Company Secretary', '30 March', '29 March', 'purchases', 'part', '3 March', 'settlement', 'cancellation', 'right', 'treasury', 'accordance', 'Article', 'behalf', 'Contacts', 'Appendix', 'LEI', 'GBP', 'XDUB']",2023-03-30,2023-03-30,markets.businessinsider.com
21732,EuroNext,Twitter API,Twitter,ARAMIS GROUP And DEEZER WARRANTS On The List Of Winners And Losers Of Thursday's Euronext Session… https://t.co/KiA2116Yyh,nan,ARAMIS GROUP And DEEZER WARRANTS On The List Of Winners And Losers Of Thursday's Euronext Session… https://t.co/KiA2116Yyh,neutral,0.05,0.9,0.05,neutral,0.05,0.9,0.05,True,English,"['ARAMIS GROUP', 'DEEZER WARRANTS', 'Euronext Session', 'List', 'Winners', 'Losers', 'Thursday', 'KiA2116Yyh', 'ARAMIS GROUP', 'DEEZER WARRANTS', 'Euronext Session', 'List', 'Winners', 'Losers', 'Thursday', 'KiA2116Yyh']",2023-03-30,2023-03-30,Unknown
21733,EuroNext,Twitter API,Twitter,Euronext Chairman and CEO Stephane Boujnah Tells Euronext Success Story to JLN https://t.co/wHuzBvko4w,nan,Euronext Chairman and CEO Stephane Boujnah Tells Euronext Success Story to JLN https://t.co/wHuzBvko4w,neutral,0.04,0.96,0.0,neutral,0.04,0.96,0.0,True,English,"['CEO Stephane Boujnah', 'Euronext Success Story', 'Euronext Chairman', 'JLN', 'CEO Stephane Boujnah', 'Euronext Success Story', 'Euronext Chairman', 'JLN']",2023-03-30,2023-03-30,Unknown
21734,EuroNext,Twitter API,Twitter,I just added “Euronext Chairman and CEO Stephane Boujnah Tells Euronext Success Story to JLN” to 2023 - JLN Vid… https://t.co/ljC4MGWwJb,nan,I just added “Euronext Chairman and CEO Stephane Boujnah Tells Euronext Success Story to JLN” to 2023 - JLN Vid… https://t.co/ljC4MGWwJb,neutral,0.21,0.77,0.02,neutral,0.21,0.77,0.02,True,English,"['CEO Stephane Boujnah', 'Euronext Success Story', 'Euronext Chairman', 'JLN Vid', 'CEO Stephane Boujnah', 'Euronext Success Story', 'Euronext Chairman', 'JLN Vid']",2023-03-30,2023-03-30,Unknown
21735,EuroNext,Twitter API,Twitter,I just added “Euronext Chairman and CEO Stephane Boujnah Tells Euronext Success Story to JLN” to JLN Industry I… https://t.co/lReZQO3HJ5,nan,I just added “Euronext Chairman and CEO Stephane Boujnah Tells Euronext Success Story to JLN” to JLN Industry I… https://t.co/lReZQO3HJ5,positive,0.55,0.43,0.02,positive,0.55,0.43,0.02,True,English,"['CEO Stephane Boujnah', 'Euronext Success Story', 'Euronext Chairman', 'JLN Industry', 'CEO Stephane Boujnah', 'Euronext Success Story', 'Euronext Chairman', 'JLN Industry']",2023-03-30,2023-03-30,Unknown
21736,EuroNext,Twitter API,Twitter,#DEME today presented its first Annual Report since listing on #Euronext Brusselshttps://t.co/a6VZ40PV6O,nan,#DEME today presented its first Annual Report since listing on #Euronext Brusselshttps://t.co/a6VZ40PV6O,neutral,0.11,0.87,0.02,neutral,0.11,0.87,0.02,True,English,"['first Annual Report', 'listing', 'first Annual Report', 'listing']",2023-03-30,2023-03-30,Unknown
21737,EuroNext,Twitter API,Twitter,Norwegian firm Himalaya Shipping completes ADR conversion for US listing. Trading resumes on Euronext Expand Oslo … https://t.co/di8mlX7JTe,nan,Norwegian firm Himalaya Shipping completes ADR conversion for US listing. Trading resumes on Euronext Expand Oslo … https://t.co/di8mlX7JTe,neutral,0.05,0.94,0.01,neutral,0.05,0.94,0.01,True,English,"['Norwegian firm Himalaya Shipping', 'ADR conversion', 'US listing', 'Trading resumes', 'Euronext', 'Oslo', 'Norwegian firm Himalaya Shipping', 'ADR conversion', 'US listing', 'Trading resumes', 'Euronext', 'Oslo']",2023-03-30,2023-03-30,Unknown
21738,EuroNext,Twitter API,Twitter,COT Euronext shows traders adding to MATIF #wheat shorts by 4878 contracts bringing net shorts to 67924. 🌾,nan,COT Euronext shows traders adding to MATIF #wheat shorts by 4878 contracts bringing net shorts to 67924. 🌾,positive,0.54,0.45,0.02,positive,0.54,0.45,0.02,True,English,"['MATIF #wheat shorts', 'net shorts', 'COT Euronext', 'traders', '4878 contracts', 'MATIF #wheat shorts', 'net shorts', 'COT Euronext', 'traders', '4878 contracts']",2023-03-30,2023-03-30,Unknown
21739,EuroNext,Twitter API,Twitter,#GoodMorningTwitterWorld It's a real pleasure at 5 minutes before the opening of the @euronext to #work with the… https://t.co/A33axnLd9O,nan,#GoodMorningTwitterWorld It's a real pleasure at 5 minutes before the opening of the @euronext to #work with the… https://t.co/A33axnLd9O,positive,0.97,0.03,0.0,positive,0.97,0.03,0.0,True,English,"['real pleasure', 'GoodMorningTwitterWorld', '5 minutes', 'opening', 'A33axnLd9O', 'real pleasure', 'GoodMorningTwitterWorld', '5 minutes', 'opening', 'A33axnLd9O']",2023-03-30,2023-03-30,Unknown
