UID,Searchword,API,URL,Title,Summary,Article,Title_Sentiment,Title_Positive,Title_Neutral,Title_Negative,Article_Sentiment,Article_Positive,Article_Neutral,Article_Negative,Verified,Language,Topics,Date,Load_Date,Source
50267,Euroclear,NewsApi.org,https://www.insurancejournal.com/news/international/2025/04/24/821098.htm,The Race to Fix Aging Computer Systems Heats Up With AI’s Help,Kresimir Mudrovcic and his team of programmers spend months on end trawling through computer code that can be three times as old as the crew’s youngest members. Mudrovcic specializes in mainframe technology  involving computers tracing their roots to the dawn…,Kresimir Mudrovcic and his team of programmers spend months on end trawling through computer code that can be three times as old as the crew’s youngest members.Mudrovcic specializes in mainframe technology  involving computers tracing their roots to the dawn of the digital age and the ancient software that sometimes runs on them. Upgrading such systems is painstaking work  often entailing sifting through millions of lines of code to understand how specific functions operate. Mudrovcic  an IT consultant  compares it to archeology.But the work is getting easier  thanks to the widening use of generative artificial intelligence to do some of the heavy lifting. “AI systems work like that smart  very experienced  very wise old colleague who knows everything ” said Mudrovcic  whose team recently deployed such tools to help speed up modernizing the pension system of a European government agency.Similar efforts are underway at companies and governments around the world  as the urgency to address aging computer code increases. The US Social Security Administration plans to use AI to help upgrade its legacy Common Business-Oriented Language code base  and expects the project to take three years and cost about $1 billion  a person with knowledge of the matter said.The SSA didn’t respond to requests for comment.From online banking applications and airline ticketing services to pensions disbursements  critical systems are often undergirded by decades-old code  raising costs as well as the risk of failures and cyberattacks. US Treasury Secretary Scott Bessent has repeatedly stressed the need to overhaul government systems running on computer language like COBOL  which was invented in the late 1950s.“When I started in college in 1980  I learned to program in COBOL ” he told Bloomberg’s Big Take DC podcast in February.As much as 70% of software used by Fortune 500 companies was developed at least two decades ago  according to a December report from McKinsey. Global financial institutions alone are expected to spend some $57 billion maintaining legacy payments systems in 2028  research firm IDC estimates. That’s almost equivalent to last year’s net income at JPMorgan & Chase Co.  the biggest US bank.“You’d be surprised how many firms are still on COBOL  even banks globally ” said Gokhan Sari  a senior partner at McKinsey. The consultancy has developed a dedicated AI tool called LegacyX to help clients including banks remove obsolete code and revamp their systems.Until Sam Altman’s OpenAI ushered in the generative AI frenzy with ChatGPT in late 2022  managing systems based on dated languages like COBOL and PL/1 meant tapping into a dwindling pool of talent as experienced programmers versed in such code retired. It wasn’t unheard of for companies to call former employees back from retirement when a system needed maintenance.This is a particularly thorny problem for banks  whose consumer-facing applications can run on top of decades-old systems  putting them at a disadvantage to upstart fintech competitors like Revolut Ltd. So tangled are the various layers of code  they’ve often been referred to as “spaghetti systems.” And replacing them is delicate work.“There are often a few people who know the code  it’s thousands of lines and you need to migrate to a new language ” said Görkem Köseoğlu  the former chief technology officer at Dutch banking group ING Groep NV. “These are risky and complex projects because while migrating to new code base  you also need to keep the lights on at the banks.”Engineers have started using AI tools like ChatGPT  Microsoft Corp.’s Github CoPilot and IBM’s watsonX to make the process of maintaining and upgrading old systems easier and quicker.Instead of going through it line by line  a programmer can upload or copy and paste large blocks of code into an AI tool  along with natural-language prompts like “What does this COBOL program do?” The AI can then explain how the code works and how different parts fit together — and even translate old computer languages into more modern ones like Java.Since legacy systems often lack documentation  engineers are also using AI to create instruction manuals describing how they operate. That can help organizations avoid the time-consuming effort of reverse-engineering old code when they need to change or replace it.The time and cost savings can be dramatic. The cost of modernizing a transaction processing system at a large financial institution  which three years ago would have run to more than $100 million  is now “well less than half” of that using generative AI  according to the McKinsey report.It’s “considered a game changer comparable to the advent of cloud computing 20 years ago ” said Michal Paprocki  chief information officer at Brussels-based Euroclear SA.Social Security ControversyThat doesn’t mean AI is poised to eliminate the need for human intervention. One potential risk is “hallucinations ” where the AI models invent fake answers — something that could have steep consequences when dealing with critical systems. For the foreseeable future  experienced engineers will need to oversee the work.Efforts by the Elon Musk-led Department of Government Efficiency to revamp the Social Security Administration’s IT systems have already become a source of controversy  amid fears that moving too fast might create havoc.On April 17  Democrats on the House Oversight Committee asked SSA’s assistant Inspector General  Michelle Anderson  to investigate whether plans to quickly overhaul the agency’s code could disrupt payments to more than 70 million beneficiaries. Representative Gerald Connolly of Virginia said he had information from an agency whistleblower that SSA planned to replace COBOL code in a matter of weeks or months and “rapidly rip out and replace critical IT systems without adequate planning and preparation.”To a large extent  the aging software infrastructure that underpins global commerce has held up well. But the layering of successive iterations of increasingly advanced code to run more demanding functions is starting to strain computer networks  making them a financial drag for companies and governments alike.A 2022 report from the Consortium for Information & Software Quality estimated the “technology debt” accumulated from poor-quality software — essentially the spending that would be required to replace it — at $1.5 trillion.The potential benefits of upgrading or retiring legacy systems go beyond cost  in the form of freeing up resources for developing new tools and applications and making it easier to attract the best engineering talent  executives said. Programmers  in general  prefer to work with the more modern computer languages they’ve been trained in.At Euroclear  which provides post-trade services  legacy systems are affectionately referred to as “legendary systems” since they perform the vital function of keeping record of the €41 trillion ($47 trillion) of assets it holds in custody. Now Euroclear is testing AI to help automate creating a record of how its existing code works — an attempt to future-proof its systems as engineers who know the older programs retire.“It’s like having a smart colleague ” said Jaques Theys  head of advanced analytics and Business Intelligence at Euroclear. “Two years ago  [AI tools] were like the new intern. But the more they go  the smarter they get.”Photograph: U.S. Treasury Secretary Scott Bessent; photo credit: Victor J. Blue/BloombergCopyright 2025 Bloomberg.Topics InsurTech Data Driven Artificial Intelligence,neutral,0.08,0.92,0.01,mixed,0.29,0.15,0.55,True,English,"['Aging Computer Systems', 'The Race', 'AI', 'Help', 'legacy Common Business-Oriented Language code base', 'Görkem Köseoğlu', 'US Treasury Secretary Scott Bessent', 'experienced, very wise old colleague', 'The US Social Security Administration', 'Big Take DC podcast', 'former chief technology officer', 'Social Security Controversy', 'biggest US bank', 'chief information officer', 'airline ticketing services', 'Global financial institutions', 'Dutch banking group', 'ING Groep NV', 'new code base', 'Brussels-based Euroclear SA', 'generative artificial intelligence', 'European government agency', 'online banking applications', 'legacy payments systems', 'large financial institution', 'old computer languages', 'transaction processing system', 'One potential risk', 'generative AI frenzy', 'aging computer code', 'dedicated AI tool', 'new language', 'legacy systems', 'mainframe technology', 'The SSA', 'experienced programmers', 'former employees', 'old code', 'The AI', 'old systems', 'dated languages', 'consumer-facing applications', 'large blocks', 'government systems', 'youngest members', 'digital age', 'specific functions', 'IT consultant', 'widening use', 'heavy lifting', 'pension system', 'Similar efforts', 'three years', 'pensions disbursements', 'December report', 'research firm', 'last year', 'net income', 'Chase Co.', 'many firms', 'Gokhan Sari', 'senior partner', 'obsolete code', 'Sam Altman', 'dwindling pool', 'thorny problem', 'fintech competitors', 'Revolut Ltd', 'various layers', 'complex projects', 'Microsoft Corp.', 'Github CoPilot', 'natural-language prompts', 'different parts', 'modern ones', 'instruction manuals', 'time-consuming effort', 'game changer', 'cloud computing', 'Michal Paprocki', 'human intervention', 'fake answers', 'steep consequences', 'foreseeable fu', 'AI models', 'critical systems', 'spaghetti systems', 'AI systems', 'painstaking work', 'delicate work', 'ancient software', 'late 1950s', 'cost savings', 'AI tools', 'Fortune 500 companies', 'McKinsey report', 'Kresimir Mudrovcic', 'COBOL program', 'team', 'months', 'crew', 'computers', 'roots', 'dawn', 'millions', 'lines', 'archeology', 'everything', 'governments', 'world', 'urgency', 'person', 'knowledge', 'matter', 'requests', 'comment', 'costs', 'failures', 'cyberattacks', 'need', 'college', 'Bloomberg', 'February', 'IDC', 'JPMorgan', 'consultancy', 'clients', 'banks', 'OpenAI', 'ChatGPT', 'PL/1', 'talent', 'retirement', 'maintenance', 'top', 'disadvantage', 'upstart', 'people', 'thousands', 'risky', 'lights', 'Engineers', 'IBM', 'watsonX', 'Java', 'documentation', 'organizations', 'half', 'advent', 'hallucinations', 'something']",2025-04-24,2025-04-25,insurancejournal.com
50268,Euroclear,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2025/04/24/3067188/0/en/Resolutions-of-Huhtam%C3%A4ki-Oyj-s-Annual-General-Meeting-of-Shareholders.html,Resolutions of Huhtamäki Oyj’s Annual General Meeting of Shareholders,HUHTAMÄKI OYJ STOCK EXCHANGE RELEASE 24.4.2025 AT 12:45 EEST  Resolutions of Huhtamäki Oyj’s Annual General Meeting of Shareholders  Huhtamäki Oyj’s...,HUHTAMÄKI OYJ STOCK EXCHANGE RELEASE 24.4.2025 AT 12:45 EESTResolutions of Huhtamäki Oyj’s Annual General Meeting of ShareholdersHuhtamäki Oyj’s Annual General Meeting of Shareholders was held in Helsinki on April 24  2025. The meeting adopted the Annual Accounts including the Consolidated Annual Accounts for 2024  discharged the members of the Company’s Board of Directors and the CEO from liability  and approved all proposals made to the Annual General Meeting by the Board of Directors and the Shareholders’ Nomination Board. The Annual General Meeting also approved the Remuneration Report for the Company’s Governing Bodies presented to it.DividendThe Annual General Meeting resolved that an aggregate dividend of EUR 1.10 per share be paid based on the balance sheet adopted for the financial period ended on December 31  2024. The dividend will be paid in two instalments. The first dividend instalment  EUR 0.55 per share  will be paid to shareholders registered in the Company’s register of shareholders maintained by Euroclear Finland Ltd on the record date for the first dividend instalment April 28  2025. The payment date for the first dividend instalment will be May 6  2025. The second dividend instalment  EUR 0.55 per share  will be paid to shareholders registered in the Company’s register of shareholders maintained by Euroclear Finland Ltd on the record date for the second dividend instalment October 1  2025. The payment date for the second dividend instalment will be October 8  2025.In addition  the Annual General Meeting authorized the Board of Directors to decide  if necessary  on a new record date and a new payment date for the second dividend instalment if regulations applicable to the Finnish book-entry system change or otherwise so require.Composition of the Board of DirectorsThe number of members of the Board of Directors was confirmed to as nine (9). Ms. Mercedes Alonso  Mr. Doug Baillie  Mr. Robert K. Beckler  Ms. Anja Korhonen  Ms. Pauline Lindwall  Ms. Kerttu Tuomas and Mr. Pekka Vauramo were re-elected and  as new members  Ms. Essimari Kairisto and Mr. Johann Christoph Michalski were elected as members of the Board of Directors for a term ending at the end of the next Annual General Meeting.The Annual General Meeting re-elected Mr. Pekka Vauramo as the Chair of the Board of Directors and Ms. Kerttu Tuomas as the Vice-Chair of the Board of Directors.In a meeting that took place after the Annual General Meeting  the Board of Directors resolved upon members of its Committees. Ms. Anja Korhonen was elected as the Chair and Ms. Mercedes Alonso  Ms. Essimari Kairisto and Mr. Johann Christoph Michalski as the members of the Audit Committee. Mr. Doug Baillie was elected as the Chair and Ms. Pauline Lindwall  Ms. Kerttu Tuomas and Mr. Pekka Vauramo as the members of the Human Resources Committee. Mr. Robert K. Beckler was elected as the Chair and Mr. Johann Christoph Michalski and Mr. Pekka Vauramo as the members of the Investment Committee.Remuneration of the members of the Board of DirectorsThe Annual General Meeting resolved that the annual remuneration to the members of the Board of Directors will be paid as follows: to the Chair of the Board EUR 180 000  to the Vice-Chair EUR 84 000 and to the other members EUR 69 000 each. In addition  the Annual General Meeting resolved that the annual remuneration to the Chairs and members of the Board Committees will be paid as follows: to the Chair of the Audit Committee EUR 17 500 and to the other members of the Audit Committee EUR 7 000  to the Chair of the Human Resources Committee EUR 10 500 and to the other members of the Human Resources Committee EUR 4 200 as well as to the Chair of the Investment Committee EUR 10 500 and to the other members of the Investment Committee EUR 4 200. In addition  the Annual General Meeting resolved that EUR 1 500 will be paid for each Board and Committee meeting attended. Traveling expenses of the Board members will be compensated in accordance with the Company policy.AuditorKPMG Oy Ab  a firm of authorized public accountants  was re-elected as Auditor of the Company for the financial year January 1 – December 31  2025. Mr. Henrik Holmbom  APA  will continue as the Auditor with principal responsibility.The Auditor’s remuneration will be paid against an invoice approved by the Audit Committee of the Board of Directors.Sustainability Reporting AssurerKPMG Oy Ab  an authorized sustainability audit firm  was elected as Sustainability Reporting Assurer of the Company for the financial year January 1 – December 31  2025. Mr. Henrik Holmbom  Authorized Sustainability Auditor (ASA)  will act as the key sustainability partner.The Sustainability Reporting Assurer’s remuneration will be paid against an invoice approved by the Audit Committee of the Board of Directors.Authorization for the Board of Directors to resolve on the repurchase of the Company’s own sharesThe Annual General Meeting authorized the Board of Directors to resolve on the repurchase of an aggregate maximum of 10 776 038 of the Company’s own shares. Own shares may be repurchased at a price formed in public trading on the date of the repurchase or otherwise at a price formed on the market. The authorization also covers directed repurchases of the Company’s own shares. The authorization remains in force until the end of the next Annual General Meeting  however  no longer than until June 30  2026.Authorization for the Board of Directors to resolve on the issuance of shares and the issuance of special rights entitling to sharesThe Annual General Meeting authorized the Board of Directors to resolve on the issuance of shares and the issuance of options and other special rights entitling to shares referred to in chapter 10 section 1 of the Companies Act. The aggregate number of new shares to be issued may not exceed 10 000 000 shares which corresponds to approximately 9.3 percent of the current shares of the Company  and the aggregate number of own treasury shares to be transferred may not exceed 4 000 000 shares which corresponds to approximately 3.7 percent of the current shares of the Company. The authorization also covers directed issuances of shares. The authorization remains in force until the end of the next Annual General Meeting  however  no longer than until June 30  2026.Mr. Antti Ihamuotila  Attorney-at-Law  chaired the meeting.The minutes of the Annual General Meeting will be available on the website of Huhtamäki Oyj at www.huhtamaki.com as of May 8  2025  at the latest.For further information  please contact:Sami Pauni  Executive Vice President  Corporate Affairs and Legal  Group General Counsel  tel. +358 (0)10 686 7167About HuhtamakiHuhtamaki is a leading global provider of sustainable packaging solutions for consumers around the world. Our innovative products protect on-the-go and on-the-shelf food and beverages  and personal care products  ensuring hygiene and safety  driving accessibility and affordability  and helping prevent food waste. We embed sustainability in everything we do.Huhtamaki has over 100 years of history and a strong Nordic heritage. Our around 18 000 professionals are operating in 36 countries and 102 locations around the world. Our values are Care Dare Deliver. In 2024 Huhtamaki’s net sales totaled EUR 4.1 billion. Huhtamäki Oyj is listed on the Nasdaq Helsinki and the head office is in Espoo  Finland. Find out more at www.huhtamaki.com.,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,neutral,0.02,0.97,0.0,True,English,"['Huhtamäki Oyj', 'Annual General Meeting', 'Resolutions', 'Shareholders', 'HUHTAMÄKI OYJ STOCK EXCHANGE RELEASE', 'Finnish book-entry system change', 'Mr. Robert K. Beckler', 'Mr. Johann Christoph Michalski', 'The Annual General Meeting', 'next Annual General Meeting', 'The Sustainability Reporting Assurer', 'authorized sustainability audit firm', 'Mr. Doug Baillie', 'Mr. Pekka Vauramo', 'Mr. Henrik Holmbom', 'authorized public accountants', 'key sustainability partner', 'Euroclear Finland Ltd', 'Ms. Mercedes Alonso', 'Ms. Anja Korhonen', 'Ms. Pauline Lindwall', 'Ms. Kerttu Tuomas', 'Ms. Essimari Kairisto', 'KPMG Oy Ab', 'Consolidated Annual Accounts', 'first dividend instalment', 'second dividend instalment', 'Human Resources Committee', 'Authorized Sustainability Auditor', 'new record date', 'new payment date', 'Shareholders’ Nomination Board', 'Committee meeting', 'annual remuneration', 'Audit Committee', 'aggregate dividend', 'Investment Committee', 'new members', 'Governing Bodies', 'balance sheet', 'financial period', 'two instalments', 'Traveling expenses', 'financial year', 'principal responsibility', 'aggregate maximum', 'Remuneration Report', 'other members', 'Company policy', 'Board Committees', 'Board members', '12:45 EEST', 'Resolutions', 'Helsinki', 'April', 'Directors', 'CEO', 'liability', 'proposals', 'December', 'register', 'May', 'October', 'addition', 'regulations', 'Composition', 'number', 'term', 'Chair', 'place', 'accordance', 'APA', 'invoice', 'ASA', 'Authorization', 'repurchase', 'shares']",2025-04-24,2025-04-25,globenewswire.com
50269,Euroclear,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2025/04/24/3067050/0/en/Verkkokauppa-com-Oyj-Interim-report-1-January-31-March-2025-Operational-efficiency-led-to-significant-profit-improvement.html,Verkkokauppa.com Oyj Interim report 1 January – 31 March 2025: Operational efficiency led to significant profit improvement,INTERIM REPORT for 1 January – 31 March 2025  Verkkokauppa.com Oyj: Operational efficiency led to significant profit improvement  Verkkokauppa.com......,INTERIM REPORT for 1 January – 31 March 2025Verkkokauppa.com Oyj: Operational efficiency led to significant profit improvementVerkkokauppa.com Oyj INTERIM REPORT 24 April 2025  8:00 a.m. EESTVerkkokauppa.com arranges two virtual news conferences on a result publication day. The news conference in Finnish will be held at 10:00 am Finnish time and in English at 11:00 am Finnish time. Details of the events and how to participate can be found at the end of this release.This is a summary of Verkkokauppa.com’s Interim Report for 1 January – 31 March 2025. The complete report is attached to this release and also available at https://investors.verkkokauppa.com/enUnless otherwise stated  the comparison figures in brackets refer to the corresponding period in the previous year (reference period). Figures are unaudited.January–March 2025 in briefRevenue grew by 2.4 percent and was EUR 110.5 million (108.0)Gross profit was EUR 20.8 million (18.7) or 18.8 percent of the revenue (17.3%)Operating result (EBIT) was EUR 3.2 million (-0.4) or 2.9 percent of revenue (-0.4%)Comparable operating result (comparable EBIT) was EUR 3.2 million (0.5) or 2.9 percent of revenue (0.5%)Net result was EUR 2.0 million (-1.0)Earnings per share were EUR 0.04 (-0.02)Investments were EUR 0.3 million (0.3)Operating cash flow was EUR -14.7 million (-13.0)KEY RATIOS 1-3/2025 1-3/2024 Change 1-12/2024 EUR million Revenue 110.5 108.0 2.4 % 467.8 Gross profit 20.8 18.7 2.1 MEUR 75.8 Gross margin  % 18.8% 17.3% 1.5 pp 16.2% EBITDA 4.9 1.3 3.6 MEUR 7.5 EBITDA  % 4.4% 1.2% 3.2 pp 1.6% Operating result 3.2 -0.4 3.6 MEUR 0.6 Operating margin  % 2.9% -0.4% 3.3 pp 0.1% Comparable operating result 3.2 0.5 2.7 MEUR 1.8 Comparable operating margin  % 2.9% 0.5% 2.4 pp 0.4% Net result 2.0 -1.0 3.0 MEUR -0.8 Investments 0.3 0.3 0.0 MEUR 1.8 Operating cash flow -14.7 -13.0 -1.7 MEUR 12.9FINANCIAL GUIDANCE FOR 2025Verkkokauppa.com expects its revenue and comparable operating result for 2025 to increase. In 2024  the company's revenue was EUR 467.8 million and comparable operating result was EUR 1.8 million.Guidance includes uncertainties related to changes in purchasing power and consumer behavior. Verkkokauppa.com’s business is seasonal and the company’s revenue and operating profit depend largely on the sales in the fourth quarter.CEO PANU PORKKA’S REVIEWVerkkokauppa.com had a strong start to the year with revenue returning to growth. First quarter revenue was EUR 110.5 million (108.0)  up by 2.4% compared to the previous year. The revenue increased in the company's strategic focus areas of e-commerce and new markets. The company's key categories Entertainment and IT in particular showed growth as a result of successful commercial measures. Growth in the Entertainment category was driven by the transition to high definition television broadcasts in Finland at the beginning of April  which resulted in higher TV sales. Strategically important own brands’ revenue grew by 36 percent and represented 6.7 percent of the revenue.Systematic streamlining of operational activities significantly improved the company's profitability. Gross margin increased to 18.8 percent (17.3%). The margin was strengthened by efficient inventory turnover  improved commercial terms and successful dynamic pricing. Comparable fixed costs decreased by 2.4% year-on-year as planned. The comparable operating result increased to EUR 3.2 million (EUR 0.5 million)  representing 2.9% (0.5%) of revenue. The company's financial position remained solid. The inventory levels continued to be at healthy levels throughout the quarter  with a build-up toward the end of the quarter to ensure readiness for the upcoming season.The implementation of the strategy is progressing according to plan. The online shift continues with an increasing share of fast deliveries. Fast deliveries increased by 21 percent and the continuous improvement of the customer experience was reflected in e-commerce’s highest customer loyalty in Finland (EPSI Rating). New market openings  the increasing use of artificial intelligence and automation in operations as well as operational improvements strengthen the company's position for continued profitable growth when the market situation improves.FINANCIAL DEVELOPMENTREVENUE AND PROFITABILITYEUR million 1-3/2025 1-3/2024 Change 2024 Revenue 110.5 108.0 2.4 % 467.8 Operating result 3.2 -0.4 3.6 MEUR 0.6 Operating margin  % of revenue 2.9% -0.4% 3.3 pp 0.1% Items affecting comparability - -0.9 0.9 MEUR -1.2 Comparable operating result 3.2 0.5 2.7 MEUR 1.8 Comparable operating margin  % of revenue 2.9% 0.5% 2.4 pp 0.4%Revenue distributionRevenue  EUR million 1-3/2025 1-3/2024 Change  % Customer segments Consumers 73.3 73.1 0.1% B2B (incl. wholesale) 37.3 34.8 7.0% Sales channels Online 74.2 71.4 3.9% Offline 36.3 36.6 -0.7% Product categories Core categories* 91.4 88.3 3.6% Other categories 19.1 19.7 -3.0% Own brands** 7.4 5.5 36.2% Website visits  million 17.9 17.42.4%Percentage of total revenue 1-3/2025 1-3/2024 Change  pp Customer segments Consumers 66.3 % 67.7 % -1.5 B2B (incl. wholesale)​ 33.7 % 32.3 % 1.5 Sales channels Online​ 67.1 % 66.1 % 1.0 Offline​ 32.9 % 33.9 % -1.0 Product categories Core categories 82.7 % 81.8 % 0.9 Other categories​ 17.3 % 18.2 % -0.9 Own brands​ 6.7 % 5.0 % 1.7*Core categories include five main categories: IT  Entertainment  Mobile devices  SDA  and MDA.**Own brands are included in Core and other categories accordingly.JANUARY–MARCH 2025Operating EnvironmentThere was no significant change in the operating environment and a clear market recovery was not seen in the first quarter of the year. Consumers’ confidence in their own economy remained low and the time was regarded unfavorable for large purchases. However  there was a cautious recovery in online visits  especially towards the end of the reporting period.RevenueRevenue increased by 2.4 percent to EUR 110.5 million (108.0). The revenue growth was supported by increased sales in the IT category to consumer and business customers. The transition of televisions channels to high-definition broadcasting boosted sales of televisions. In addition  international sales grew significantly in the first quarter of the year.Sales to consumers increased by 0.1 percent to EUR 73.3 (73.1) million  accounting for 66.3 percent (67.7%) of total revenue. B2B sales increased by 7.0 percent to EUR 37.3 million (34.8)  accounting for 33.7 percent (32.3%) of total revenue.Online sales increased by 3.9 percent to EUR 74.2 million (71.4)  accounting for 67.1 percent (66.1%) of total revenue. The store sales declined by 0.7 percent to EUR 36.3 million (36.6). The share of the store sales was 32.9 percent (33.9%) of total revenue.Core categories’ sales increased by 3.6 percent to EUR 91.4 million (88.3)  accounting for 82.7 percent (81.8%) of total revenue  whereas other categories declined by 3.0 percent to EUR 19.1 million (19.7)  accounting for 17.3 percent (18.2%) of total revenue.Own brands’ sales grew by 36.2% to EUR 7.4 million (5.5)  accounting for 6.7% (5.0%) of total revenue. The growth came particularly from home appliances  IT accessories and mobile devices.Revenue from customer financing services totaled EUR 1.9 million (2.1)  including interest income  fees and commissions. Net credit losses  including the change in the credit loss provision from the consumer financing  were EUR 0.7 million (0.9).ResultGross margin increased to 18.8 percent (17.3%). The gross margin was strengthened by efficient inventory turnover  improved commercial terms and successful dynamic pricing.Personnel expenses decreased by 2.7 percent to EUR 8.8 million (9.0). Other operating expenses decreased by 13 percent and amounted to EUR 7.5 million (8.6). Comparable other operating expenses decreased by 2.2 percent to EUR 7.5 million (7.6). Fixed costs totaled EUR 16.2 million (17.6)  decreasing by 7.7 percent from the comparison period. Comparable fixed costs decreased by 2.4 percent to EUR 16.2 million (16.6). The cost reduction was due to the reorganization at the end of the previous year and adjusting fixed costs to the operating environment.The company's operating result (EBIT) was EUR 3.2 million (-0.4)  up by EUR 3.6 million. Comparable operating result (comparable EBIT) was EUR 3.2 million (0.5)  up by EUR 2.7 million from the comparison period.Net result for the period was EUR 2.0 million (-1.0). Earnings per share were EUR 0.04 (-0.02).FINANCE AND INVESTMENTSIn January-March 2025  operating cash flow totaled EUR -14.7 million (-13.0). The operating cash flow before the change in working capital was EUR 4.9 million (1.3). The company's net financial expenses were EUR -0.5 million (-0.3).Investments were EUR 0.3 million (0.3)  mainly related to improvement of operational efficiency and customer experience. Investments included capitalized wages and salaries at the amount of EUR 0.2 million (0.2).At the end of March  the company had EUR 19 million in bank loans and an unutilized EUR 25 million revolving credit facility  which are valid until June 2027. The principal of the bank loan is amortized every six months.PERSONNELAt the end of March 2025  the total number of employees was 595 (644). This includes both full and part-time employees. The company renewed and streamlined its organizational structure in autumn 2024.CORPORATE SUSTAINABILITYIn January 2025  Verkkokauppa.com published its renewed Sustainability Program  which focuses on promoting sustainable consumption and circular future  ensuring responsible operations and supply chains  fostering wellbeing and success of own personnel  and maintaining exemplary business conduct. Responsible operations are a key part of Verkkokauppa.com's strategy and vision to create a new normal for buying and owning. The company promotes sustainable consumption by selling according to need  providing customers with comprehensive product information  and extending product life cycles through means of circular economy.In addition  in January  the company announced its commitment to the Science-Based Targets (SBTi) climate initiative to reduce its indirect emissions in line with the 1.5 degree target of the Paris Agreement. With the SBTi commitment  the company will focus on reducing indirect emissions in the value chain by engaging suppliers and partners in climate work. The company’s goal set in 2021 is on track to reduce its own emissions to zero by the end of 2025. In 2024  the company’s own emissions (scope 1 2) decreased by 61 percent from the previous year and were low: 38 tCO2. Emissions from the entire value chain (scope 1 2 3) were 194 923 tCO2 in 2024.In March  Verkkokauppa.com published a sustainability report for the financial year 2024  which was prepared in accordance with the requirements set by the European Sustainability Reporting Standards (ESRS) and published as part of the Report of the Board of Directors. The Statement extensively reviews the company's management practices in relation to sustainability topics identified as material and presents the company's sustainability targets and progress towards them in 2024. In addition  the Sustainability Statement includes emissions reporting covering the company's entire value chain and extensive personnel-related key figures.In 2024  the company's return rate remained low  at just 1.0 percent  including both change-of-minds and service returns. Circular economy services were expanded to new product categories and sales of used products increased by 19 percent. For its own personnel  efforts were made to promote equality  non-discrimination and diversity  and to develop expertise  focusing especially on coaching leadership.STRATEGYVerkkokauppa.com continues as a forerunner in the market with the vision of creating the new normal for buying and owning. The cornerstones of Verkkokauppa.com's strategy are growing the current business faster than the market  new openings  such as assortment expansion  own brand products and new markets  significant growth of the services business  and stronger profitability by continuously developing our own operations and platform.Growing current business faster than the marketThe company aims to strengthen its market leadership by accelerating the online shift by making buying fast  extremely convenient and affordable. As the only operator in Finland  Verkkokauppa.com already delivers to 1.7 million consumers around the clock in one hour  every day of the week. The company continues to optimize product flows  develop the distribution network and further automate the intralogistics to enable the continued development of the fastest deliveries on the market.New openings: assortment expansion  own brand products and new marketsDuring the strategy period  the company plans to expand the assortment with a special focus on product areas that are optimally suited for fast deliveries and Verkkokauppa.com’s platform. The company will continue pilots in new market areas also outside Finland  making versatile use of both own platform and selected partners. New operating models  automation  as well as data will enable cost-efficiency and scalability.Significant growth of the services businessVerkkokauppa.com seeks to offer consumers sustainable alternatives for buying products. The company’s current customer financing service  Tili  combined with the trade-in service  provides a strong foundation for new value-added services and product openings. The company’s current trade-in service and the assortment of recycled products are expanding. During the strategy period  Verkkokauppa.com will explore new subscription-based services for the market.Stronger profitability by continuously developing own operations and platformThe company leverages artificial intelligence (AI) and data to operate goods flows  to streamline operations and to provide superior personalized customer experience. Verkkokauppa.com’s own flexible platform and extensive software development expertise enable versatile utilization of leading technologies from selected partners and are the basis for the capabilities that will be built during the strategy period.Verkkokauppa.com’s long-term financial targets for the strategy period 2024-2028 are as follows:Annual revenue growth (CAGR) of over 5 percent  faster than the market Annual operating profit margin of over 5 percent by the end of the strategy period Fixed costs to less than 10 percent of revenue by the end of the strategy period To pay out 60-80 percent of annual net profit in quarterly growing dividendsLONG-TERM INCENTIVE PLANSVerkkokauppa.com has a share-based incentive plan (Performance Share Plan 2023–2027) for the company's CEO and Management Team. The Performance Share Plan 2023–2027 consists of three performance periods. On 12 February 2025  the Board of Directors decided to commence the third matching period  covering the years 2025–2027. The performance criterion for the third performance period 2025–2027 is Total Shareholder Return (TSR).Performance rewards for the 2025–2027 period will be paid partly in company shares and partly in cash by the end of May 2028. The plan includes a total of eight individuals (the CEO and all members of the management team). The maximum number of shares to be awarded for the third performance period is 340 000 Verkkokauppa.com shares  including the cash portion. The final number of shares depends on the number of shares acquired by participants and the achievement of the TSR levels.ANNUAL REPORTING PACKAGE 2024Verkkokauppa.com has published its Annual Reporting package for 2024. The reporting package includes the Financial Statements and the Report of the Board of Directors including the Sustainability Statement  the Corporate Governance Statement  the Remuneration Report and the Company Brochure.LEGAL DISPUTES AND POSSIBLE LEGAL PROCEEDINGSIn February 2025  the company announced the decision of the Helsinki Administrative Court  which upheld the administrative penalty imposed on Verkkokauppa.com by the Data Protection Ombudsman's Penalty Panel in March 2024. The company has applied for leave to appeal from the Supreme Administrative Court.The company recognized the provision for the penalty in full in the first quarter of 2024. The provision was reported as an item affecting comparability.ANNUAL GENERAL MEETING 2025The Annual General Meeting was held as a remote meeting in Helsinki on 8 April 2025. The Annual General Meeting adopted the Annual Accounts for the financial year 2024 and decided not to distribute a dividend  discharged the members of the Board of Directors and the CEO from liability for the financial year 2024  approved the Remuneration Report and adopted the Remuneration Policy  and authorized the Board of Directors to decide on the repurchase and issuance of Verkkokauppa.com's own shares. In addition  the Annual General Meeting approved the proposals of the Shareholders' Nomination Board concerning the election and remuneration of the Board of Directors. Following the proposal of the Board of Directors  PricewaterhouseCoopers Oy was elected as the company's auditor and assurer of sustainability reporting. Mikko Nieminen  APA  acts as the auditor with principal responsibility.Composition of the Board of Directors 2025The Annual General Meeting confirmed the number of board members to be seven  and the following persons were re-elected: Robin Bade  Henrik Pankakoski  Kati Riikonen  Samuli Seppälä  Irmeli Rytkönen  Enel Sintonen and Arja Talma.At the constitutive meeting of the Board of Directors held after the Annual General Meeting  Arja Talma was elected Chair of the Board. The compositions of the Board committees were decided to be as follows: members of the Remuneration Committee are Arja Talma (Chair)  Robin Bade and Henrik Pankakoski. Members of the Audit Committee are Enel Sintonen (Chair)  Arja Talma (Vice Chair)  Kati Riikonen and Irmeli Rytkönen.On 8 April 2025  Verkkokauppa.com published a stock exchange release on the decisions of the Annual General Meeting and the constitutive meeting of the Board of Directors. The release is available on the company's website.DividendThe Annual General Meeting of Verkkokauppa.com Oyj decided on 8 April 2025  that the company will not distribute dividends for the financial year 2024.FLAGGING NOTIFICATIONSOn 26 March 2025  the company received a notification from Evli Plc pursuant to Chapter 9  Section 5 of the Securities Markets Act  according to which the combined direct ownership of the company's shares and votes by Evli-Rahastoyhtiö Oy (100% owned by Evli Plc) has exceeded the five (5) percent threshold. According to the notification  Evli-Rahastoyhtiö Oy directly held a total of 2 502 380 shares in Verkkokauppa.com Oyj on 25 March 2025  an amount that corresponds to 5.52 percent of all shares in the company.SHARE TRADING AND SHARESVerkkokauppa.com shares (VERK) in Nasdaq Helsinki stock exchange in January-March 2025:No. ofshares traded Share of no. of total shares  % The total value of traded shares  EURmillion Last  EUR High  EUR Low  EUR Weighted average EUR 4 624 086 10.2% 8 677 719 1.96 2.29 1.30 1.88Verkkokauppa.com market capitalization and shareholders31 March 2025 Market capitalization (excl. own shares)  EUR million 88.6 Number of shareholders (of which nominee shareholders) 18 940 (8) Nominee registrations and direct foreign shareholders  % 10.12 Households  % 50.83 Financial and insurance corporations  % 17.74 Other Finnish investors  % 21.31At the end of March 2025  the company's largest shareholders according to the shareholder register held by Euroclear Finland Ltd were Samuli Seppälä (29.4%)  Varma Mutual Pension Insurance Company (9.6%)  Evli Finnish Small Cap Fund (5 6 %)  Ilmarinen Mutual Pension Insurance Company (4.8%) and Mandatum Life Insurance Company Limited (4.7%).On 31 March 2025  the share capital was EUR 100 000 and the total number of shares in the company was 45 354 532 including 86 345 treasury shares held by the company. The treasury shares have no voting rights  and no dividend is paid on them. The treasury shares accounted for 0.19 percent of all shares.Share-related authorizationsAt the end of March 2025  the Board had valid authorization to decide on the repurchase of a maximum of 4 535 453 own shares in one or several installments and to decide on a share issue of a maximum of 4 535 453 shares by one or more decisions. The proposed maximum authorized number represents ten percent of the total number of shares in the company. Authorizations are valid until the next Annual General Meeting  however  no longer than until 30 June 2026.More information about Verkkokauppa.com's shares and shareholders and management holdings can be found on the company's investor website https://investors.verkkokauppa.com/enSHORT-TERM RISKS AND BUSINESS UNCERTAINTIESVerkkokauppa.com’s risk management is proactive and a central part of the company's daily management. Risks cover both threats and opportunities that may have an impact on the company's future success  financial performance  reputation and ability to meet key social and responsibility objectives.Macroeconomic and geopolitical risks  such as global trade wars  inflation  interest rate changes and market uncertainty  can affect supply chains  consumer purchasing power and buying behaviour. Managing these risks requires constant monitoring of market conditions  proactive measures and an adaptive strategy.Information security’s growing importance and professionally evolving cybercrime  the risks associated with business continuity and the protection of critical information have increased significantly. Cyberattacks can target  for example  business-critical information systems or personal data  leading to disruption of sales  loss of customer confidence and possible regulatory sanctions.From a regulatory and compliance perspective  the tightening of EU legislation underlines the importance of compliance activities. Particular attention should be paid to anti-money laundering  sustainability reporting (ESG  CSRD)  data regulation and compliance with AI legislation.Commercial and operational risks relate to brand positioning  competitive dynamics  product portfolio management  supply chain efficiency and operational excellence. Managing these risks is key to ensuring the company's long-term competitiveness.Product safety failure or supply chain quality assurance can lead to financial losses  reputational damage and  in the worst case  compromise of customer safety. Our own products are developed and manufactured to stringent standards  and we invest in continuous process improvement to maintain confidence in our products in all situations.Financial risks  including profitability  balance sheet structure  working capital efficiency  liquidity  access to funding  covenants and credit risks  require continuous analysis and management to ensure the financial stability and profitable growth of the company.An assessment of the main risks and uncertainties in the business is presented in the 2024 Board of Directors’ Report.Helsinki  Finland  24 April 2025Verkkokauppa.com Oyj Board of DirectorsQUARTERLY RESULT WEBCASTSA result webcast for analysts  investors and media will be held in Finnish on Thursday  24 April 2025 at 10:00 a.m. (EEST)  in which Verkkokauppa.com’s CEO Panu Porkka will present the developments in the reporting period. It is possible to participate in the result webcast here: https://verkkokauppa.videosync.fi/q-report-live.A result webcast in English will be held on Thursday  24 April 2025 at 11:00 a.m. (EEST). It is possible to participate in the webcast here: https://verkkokauppa.videosync.fi/q-report-live.Questions can be sent beforehand or during the presentation via e-mail to investors@verkkokauppa.com. Presentation materials for both events are available at https://investors.verkkokauppa.com/en.For both press conferences  the result webcast is available at verklive.comCOMPANY RELEASES AND EVENTSVerkkokauppa.com will arrange events and publish its financial reports as follows:Half-year financial report for January–June 2025 on Thursday 17 July 2025Interim report for January–September 2025 on Thursday 23 October 2025Financial statements bulletin for the year 2025 on Thursday 12 February 2026More information:Panu Porkka  CEO  Verkkokauppa.com Oyj panu.porkka@verkkokauppa.comJesper Blomster  CFO  Verkkokauppa.com Oyj jesper.blomster@verkkokauppa.com Tel. +358 40 570 3083Verkkokauppa.com is an e-commerce pioneer that stands passionately on the customer’s side. Verkkokauppa.com accelerates the transition of commerce to online with Finland’s fastest deliveries and ultimate convenience. The company leads the way by offering one-hour deliveries to more than 1.7 million customers  a winning assortment and probably always cheaper prices. Every day  the company strives to find more streamlined ways to surpass its customers´ expectations and to create a new norm for buying and owning.Verkkokauppa.com was founded in 1992 and has been online since day one. The company’s revenue in 2024 was EUR 468 million and it employs around 600 people. Verkkokauppa.com is listed on the Nasdaq Helsinki stock exchangeAttachment,positive,0.69,0.31,0.0,mixed,0.6,0.22,0.18,True,English,"['Oyj Interim report', 'significant profit improvement', 'Operational efficiency', 'Verkkokauppa', 'January', '31 March', 'high definition television broadcasts', 'two virtual news conferences', 'Product categories Core categories', 'CEO PANU PORKKA', 'strategic focus areas', 'successful dynamic pricing', 'Comparable fixed costs', 'Operating cash flow', 'successful commercial measures', 'efficient inventory turnover', 'highest customer loyalty', 'result publication day', 'higher TV sales', 'New market openings', 'Customer segments Cons', 'Comparable operating result', 'significant profit improvement', 'Comparable operating margin', 'Oyj INTERIM REPORT', 'First quarter revenue', 'key categories', 'Other categories', 'operating profit', 'new markets', 'commercial terms', 'inventory levels', 'continuous improvement', 'customer experience', 'market situation', 'Net result', 'comparable EBIT', 'complete report', 'Gross profit', 'Gross margin', 'Operational efficiency', 'corresponding period', 'reference period', 'KEY RATIOS', 'purchasing power', 'consumer behavior', 'strong start', 'Systematic streamlining', 'operational activities', 'healthy levels', 'upcoming season', 'online shift', 'fast deliveries', 'EPSI Rating', 'increasing use', 'artificial intelligence', 'operational improvements', 'FINANCIAL DEVELOPMENT', 'Sales channels', 'Own brands', 'Website visits', 'fourth quarter', 'Finnish time', 'Verkkokauppa.com', 'comparison figures', 'previous year', 'FINANCIAL GUIDANCE', 'Entertainment category', 'financial position', 'increasing share', 'brands’ revenue', 'profitable growth', 'Revenue distribution', 'total revenue', 'January–March', '1 January', '31 March', 'April', 'EEST', '10:00 am', 'English', 'Details', 'events', 'end', 'release', 'summary', 'investors', 'brackets', 'brief', '2.4 percent', '18.8 percent', '2.9 percent', 'Earnings', 'Investments', '24 EUR', 'MEUR', 'EBITDA', 'company', 'uncertainties', 'changes', 'business', 'REVIEW', 'commerce', 'transition', 'Finland', 'beginning', 'important', '36 percent', '6.7 percent', 'profitability', 'build-up', 'readiness', 'implementation', 'strategy', 'plan', '21 percent', 'automation', 'operations', 'Items', 'comparability', 'Consumers', 'B2B', 'wholesale', 'Percentage', '8:00', '11:00', '2025']",2025-04-24,2025-04-25,globenewswire.com
50270,Euroclear,Bing API,https://www.thestar.com.my/tech/tech-news/2025/04/25/the-race-to-fix-ageing-computer-systems-heats-up-with-ais-help,The race to fix ageing computer systems heats up with AI’s help,From online banking applications and airline ticketing services to pensions disbursements  critical systems are often undergirded by decades-old code  raising costs as well as the risk of failures and cyberattacks.,Kresimir Mudrovcic and his team of programmers spend months on end trawling through computer code that can be three times as old as the crew’s youngest members.Mudrovcic specialises in mainframe technology  involving computers tracing their roots to the dawn of the digital age and the ancient software that sometimes runs on them. Upgrading such systems is painstaking work  often entailing sifting through millions of lines of code to understand how specific functions operate. Mudrovcic  an IT consultant  compares it to archeology.But the work is getting easier  thanks to the widening use of generative artificial intelligence to do some of the heavy lifting. “AI systems work like that smart  very experienced  very wise old colleague who knows everything ” said Mudrovcic  whose team recently deployed such tools to help speed up modernising the pension system of a European government agency.Similar efforts are underway at companies and governments around the world  as the urgency to address aging computer code increases. The US Social Security Administration plans to use AI to help upgrade its legacy Common Business-Oriented Language code base  and expects the project to take three years and cost about US$1bil (RM4.38bil)  a person with knowledge of the matter said.The SSA didn’t respond to requests for comment.From online banking applications and airline ticketing services to pensions disbursements  critical systems are often undergirded by decades-old code  raising costs as well as the risk of failures and cyberattacks. US Treasury Secretary Scott Bessent has repeatedly stressed the need to overhaul government systems running on computer language like COBOL  which was invented in the late 1950s.“When I started in college in 1980  I learned to program in COBOL ” he told Bloomberg’s Big Take DC podcast in February.As much as 70% of software used by Fortune 500 companies was developed at least two decades ago  according to a December report from McKinsey. Global financial institutions alone are expected to spend some US$57bil (RM249.80bil) maintaining legacy payments systems in 2028  research firm IDC estimates. That’s almost equivalent to last year’s net income at JPMorgan & Chase Co  the biggest US bank.“You’d be surprised how many firms are still on COBOL  even banks globally ” said Gokhan Sari  a senior partner at McKinsey. The consultancy has developed a dedicated AI tool called LegacyX to help clients including banks remove obsolete code and revamp their systems.Until Sam Altman’s OpenAI ushered in the generative AI frenzy with ChatGPT in late 2022  managing systems based on dated languages like COBOL and PL/1 meant tapping into a dwindling pool of talent as experienced programmers versed in such code retired. It wasn’t unheard of for companies to call former employees back from retirement when a system needed maintenance.This is a particularly thorny problem for banks  whose consumer-facing applications can run on top of decades-old systems  putting them at a disadvantage to upstart fintech competitors like Revolut Ltd. So tangled are the various layers of code  they’ve often been referred to as “spaghetti systems”. And replacing them is delicate work.“There are often a few people who know the code  it’s thousands of lines and you need to migrate to a new language ” said Görkem Köseoğlu  the former chief technology officer at Dutch banking group ING Groep NV. “These are risky and complex projects because while migrating to new code base  you also need to keep the lights on at the banks.”Engineers have started using AI tools like ChatGPT  Microsoft Corp’s Github CoPilot and IBM’s watsonX to make the process of maintaining and upgrading old systems easier and quicker.Instead of going through it line by line  a programmer can upload or copy and paste large blocks of code into an AI tool  along with natural-language prompts like “What does this COBOL program do?” The AI can then explain how the code works and how different parts fit together – and even translate old computer languages into more modern ones like Java.Since legacy systems often lack documentation  engineers are also using AI to create instruction manuals describing how they operate. That can help organisations avoid the time-consuming effort of reverse-engineering old code when they need to change or replace it.The time and cost savings can be dramatic. The cost of modernising a transaction processing system at a large financial institution  which three years ago would have run to more than US$100mil (RM438.25mil)  is now “well less than half” of that using generative AI  according to the McKinsey report.It’s “considered a game changer comparable to the advent of cloud computing 20 years ago ” said Michal Paprocki  chief information officer at Brussels-based Euroclear SA.Social Security controversyThat doesn’t mean AI is poised to eliminate the need for human intervention. One potential risk is “hallucinations”  where the AI models invent fake answers – something that could have steep consequences when dealing with critical systems. For the foreseeable future  experienced engineers will need to oversee the work.Efforts by the Elon Musk-led Department of Government Efficiency to revamp the Social Security Administration’s IT systems have already become a source of controversy  amid fears that moving too fast might create havoc.On April 17  Democrats on the House Oversight Committee asked SSA’s assistant Inspector General  Michelle Anderson  to investigate whether plans to quickly overhaul the agency’s code could disrupt payments to more than 70 million beneficiaries. Representative Gerald Connolly of Virginia said he had information from an agency whistleblower that SSA planned to replace COBOL code in a matter of weeks or months and “rapidly rip out and replace critical IT systems without adequate planning and preparation”.To a large extent  the aging software infrastructure that underpins global commerce has held up well. But the layering of successive iterations of increasingly advanced code to run more demanding functions is starting to strain computer networks  making them a financial drag for companies and governments alike.A 2022 report from the Consortium for Information & Software Quality estimated the “technology debt” accumulated from poor-quality software – essentially the spending that would be required to replace it – at US$1.5 trillion (RM6.57 trillion).The potential benefits of upgrading or retiring legacy systems go beyond cost  in the form of freeing up resources for developing new tools and applications and making it easier to attract the best engineering talent  executives said. Programmers  in general  prefer to work with the more modern computer languages they’ve been trained in.At Euroclear  which provides post-trade services  legacy systems are affectionately referred to as “legendary systems” since they perform the vital function of keeping record of the €41 trillion (RM205.43 trillion) of assets it holds in custody. Now Euroclear is testing AI to help automate creating a record of how its existing code works – an attempt to future-proof its systems as engineers who know the older programs retire.“It’s like having a smart colleague ” said Jaques Theys  head of advanced analytics and Business Intelligence at Euroclear. “Two years ago  [AI tools] were like the new intern. But the more they go  the smarter they get.” – Bloomberg,neutral,0.15,0.85,0.0,mixed,0.24,0.2,0.56,True,English,"['ageing computer systems', 'race', 'AI', 'help', 'legacy Common Business-Oriented Language code base', 'Görkem Köseoğlu', 'US Treasury Secretary Scott Bessent', 'experienced, very wise old colleague', 'The US Social Security Administration', 'Big Take DC podcast', 'former chief technology officer', 'Social Security controversy', 'biggest US bank', 'chief information officer', 'airline ticketing services', 'Global financial institutions', 'Dutch banking group', 'ING Groep NV', 'new code base', 'Brussels-based Euroclear SA', 'generative artificial intelligence', 'European government agency', 'online banking applications', 'large financial institution', 'legacy payments systems', 'old computer languages', 'transaction processing system', 'One potential risk', 'generative AI frenzy', 'aging computer code', 'dedicated AI tool', 'new language', 'legacy systems', 'mainframe technology', 'The SSA', 'experienced programmers', 'former employees', 'old code', 'The AI', 'old systems', 'dated languages', 'consumer-facing applications', 'large blocks', 'government systems', 'youngest members', 'digital age', 'specific functions', 'IT consultant', 'widening use', 'heavy lifting', 'pension system', 'Similar efforts', 'three years', 'pensions disbursements', 'December report', 'research firm', 'last year', 'net income', 'Chase Co', 'many firms', 'Gokhan Sari', 'senior partner', 'obsolete code', 'Sam Altman', 'dwindling pool', 'thorny problem', 'fintech competitors', 'Revolut Ltd', 'various layers', 'complex projects', 'Microsoft Corp', 'Github CoPilot', 'natural-language prompts', 'different parts', 'modern ones', 'instruction manuals', 'time-consuming effort', 'game changer', 'cloud computing', 'Michal Paprocki', 'human intervention', 'fake answers', 'steep consequences', 'critical sy', 'AI models', 'spaghetti systems', 'AI systems', 'painstaking work', 'delicate work', 'ancient software', 'late 1950s', 'cost savings', 'AI tools', 'Fortune 500 companies', 'McKinsey report', 'Kresimir Mudrovcic', 'COBOL program', 'team', 'months', 'crew', 'computers', 'roots', 'dawn', 'millions', 'lines', 'archeology', 'everything', 'governments', 'world', 'urgency', 'person', 'knowledge', 'matter', 'requests', 'comment', 'costs', 'failures', 'cyberattacks', 'need', 'college', 'Bloomberg', 'February', 'IDC', 'JPMorgan', 'consultancy', 'clients', 'banks', 'OpenAI', 'ChatGPT', 'PL/1', 'talent', 'retirement', 'maintenance', 'top', 'disadvantage', 'upstart', 'people', 'thousands', 'risky', 'lights', 'Engineers', 'IBM', 'watsonX', 'Java', 'documentation', 'organisations', 'half', 'advent', 'hallucinations', 'something']",2025-04-25,2025-04-25,thestar.com.my
50271,Deutsche Boerse,Bing API,https://markets.businessinsider.com/news/stocks/eqs-adhoc-nagarro-se-confirms-2024-guidance-and-dividend-postpones-publication-for-full-year-results-1034628122,EQS-Adhoc: Nagarro SE: Confirms 2024 guidance and dividend  postpones publication for full-year results,Munich  April 25  2025 – Nagarro SE has decided to postpone the publication of the 2024 full-year results and annual report as follows:,EQS-Ad-hoc: Nagarro SE / Key word(s): Annual ReportNagarro SE: Confirms 2024 guidance and dividend  postpones publication for full-year results25-Apr-2025 / 20:30 CET/CESTDisclosure of an inside information acc. to Article 17 MAR of the Regulation (EU) No 596/2014  transmitted by EQS News - a service of EQS Group.The issuer is solely responsible for the content of this announcement.Munich  April 25  2025 – Nagarro SE has decided to postpone the publication of the 2024 full-year results and annual report as follows:April 29  2025: publication of preliminary 2024 resultsMay 15  2025: publication of the audited 2024 financial statements and 2024 annual reportThis additional time is needed to complete the preparation and the audit process for the financial statements and management report  together with the new auditor. This especially relates to complex matters of revenue recognition with respect to the periodical allocation of revenues  meaning these matters relate only to the timing of the recognition of revenues.This slight delay in publication of the audited annual report will probably lead to the temporary exclusion of Nagarro SE shares from the TecDax and SDAX indices of Deutsche Boerse AG.On the basis of the use of a rectified approach for the purchase price allocations of acquisitions and the treatment of earn-out liabilities  there will be a reduction in goodwill  an increase in other intangibles  and a reduction in liabilities. This will have an impact on the 2023 profit and loss statement  but will not change the 2023 Adjusted EBITDA.Nagarro is not aware of any additional findings impacting the balance sheet and profit and loss statement for 2024. Nagarro confirms again that it expects to meet the financial targets for 2024. Nagarro also confirms its intention to distribute a dividend to shareholders between 10% and 20% of EBIT  which is finally subject to approval by the Annual General Meeting rescheduled for June 30  2025.Contact:Nagarro SEInvestor RelationsBaierbrunner Str. 1581379 MunichTel.: +49 (0)89/785000282Tel.: +49 (0)89/231219151 (Investor Relations)Fax: +49 (0)322/22132620E-mail: ir@nagarro.comWeb: www.nagarro.comNagarro SE (ISIN: DE000A3H2200 | WKN: A3H220 | FRA: NA9),neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,negative,0.0,0.32,0.68,True,English,"['Nagarro SE', 'full-year results', 'EQS-Adhoc', '2024 guidance', 'dividend', 'publication', 'Deutsche Boerse AG', 'purchase price allocations', 'Annual General Meeting', 'Nagarro SE shares', 'Annual Report', 'Key word', 'full-year results', 'inside information', 'EQS News', 'EQS Group', 'preliminary 2024 results', '2024 financial statements', 'additional time', 'audit process', 'management report', 'new auditor', 'periodical allocation', 'slight delay', 'temporary exclusion', 'SDAX indices', 'other intangibles', 'loss statement', '2023 Adjusted EBITDA', 'additional findings', 'balance sheet', 'financial targets', 'Investor Relations', 'Baierbrunner Str.', 'complex matters', 'revenue recognition', 'out liabilities', 'EQS-Ad', 'hoc', '2024 guidance', 'dividend', 'publication', 'CEST', 'Disclosure', 'Article', 'MAR', 'Regulation', 'service', 'issuer', 'content', 'announcement', 'Munich', 'April', 'preparation', 'respect', 'revenues', 'timing', 'TecDax', 'basis', 'use', 'approach', 'acquisitions', 'treatment', 'reduction', 'goodwill', 'increase', 'impact', '2023 profit', 'intention', 'shareholders', 'approval', 'June', 'Contact', 'Tel.', 'Fax', 'mail', 'ir', 'WKN', 'A3H220', 'FRA']",2025-04-25,2025-04-25,markets.businessinsider.com
50272,Deutsche Boerse,Bing API,https://www.thetradenews.com/xetra-expands-new-retail-trading-offering-with-etfs-service/,Xetra expands new retail trading offering with ETFs service,New trading offering builds on the launch of the exchange’s equities retail trading service launched in mid-2024.,Deutsche Börse Xetra has further expanded its retail offering with a new ETF trading service.Launched in March  the new service is designed to offer automatic price improvement over Xetra reference market prices.Retail orders are integrated with institutional ones within the Xetra order book  however  central to the new offering launched in March is are retail-dedicated market makers designed to interact specifically with retail orders  with the aim of provides providing price improvement over the prevailing Xetra best bid and offer (BBO) prices when possible.If this cannot be achieved  then orders are executed at least at the current Xetra price.“Given the recent surge of retail investor activity in Germany and other European countries  our new retail execution service addresses the growing demand for efficient capital market access at the right time ” a Deutsche Börse spokesperson told The TRADE.“This service represents an important milestone in our ongoing efforts to deliver first-class execution services specifically tailored to the needs of retail clients. It will also serve as a launching pad for further innovation in the future.”Transaction fees for retail executions have been reduced by Xetra  subject to the investor’s bank or broker participating in the service. The service applies to all Xetra trading in equities  ETFs and ETPs.It is supplemented by a free real-time Level 2 market data offering for ETFs and ETPs  launched in April. Registered private investors have access to Xetra ETF real-time push price data. The new retail data offering also includes real-time order book depth data of all ETFs and ETPs traded on Xetra.The market data offering is also available to institutions for integration into their services  a spokesperson for Deutsche Börse confirmed.The new ETF retail trading offering builds on the equities service launched by Xetra last year.“With our new execution service  we aim to reduce both implicit and explicit execution costs for private investors  ensuring best execution in equities – including German  European and a broad range of foreign stocks – as well as ETFs and ETPs ” a spokesperson for the exchange said.,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,neutral,0.04,0.92,0.03,True,English,"['new retail trading offering', 'ETFs service', 'Xetra', 'free real-time Level 2 market data offering', 'Xetra ETF real-time push price data', 'real-time order book depth data', 'new ETF retail trading offering', 'new ETF trading service', 'new retail data offering', 'efficient capital market access', 'Deutsche Börse Xetra', 'Xetra reference market prices', 'prevailing Xetra best bid', 'Xetra trading in equities', 'Deutsche Börse spokesperson', 'new retail execution service', 'Xetra order book', 'retail-dedicated market makers', 'current Xetra price', 'automatic price improvement', 'explicit execution costs', 'new execution service', 'other European countries', 'first-class execution services', 'Registered private investors', 'retail investor activity', 'new offering', 'retail offering', 'best execution', 'new service', 'BBO) prices', 'retail clients', 'retail executions', 'equities service', 'Retail orders', 'institutional ones', 'recent surge', 'growing demand', 'right time', 'The TRADE', 'important milestone', 'ongoing efforts', 'launching pad', 'Transaction fees', 'broad range', 'foreign stocks', 'March', 'aim', 'Germany', 'needs', 'innovation', 'future', 'bank', 'broker', 'ETFs', 'ETPs', 'April', 'institutions', 'integration', 'implicit', 'exchange']",2025-04-25,2025-04-25,thetradenews.com
50273,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2025/04/24/3067070/0/en/Flow-Traders-1Q-2025-Trading-Update.html,Flow Traders 1Q 2025 Trading Update,Flow Traders 1Q 2025 Trading Update   Amsterdam  the Netherlands - Flow Traders Ltd. (Euronext: FLOW) announces its unaudited 1Q 2025 trading update.  ......,Flow Traders 1Q 2025 Trading UpdateAmsterdam  the Netherlands - Flow Traders Ltd. (Euronext: FLOW) announces its unaudited 1Q 2025 trading update.HighlightsFlow Traders recorded Net Trading Income of €140.2m and Total Income of €135.1m in 1Q25  an increase of 10% and 4% when compared to €127.1m and €129.6m in 1Q24  respectively.Flow Traders’ ETP Value Traded increased by 24% in 1Q25 to €507bn from €409bn in 1Q24.Fixed Operating Expenses were €50.8m in the quarter  an increase of 15% when compared to the €44.1m in 1Q24  due mostly to increased employee and technology expenses.Total Operating Expenses were €72.7m in 1Q25  an increase of 7% when compared to the €67.9m in 1Q24  due to higher Fixed Operating Expenses.EBITDA was €62.3m in the quarter  an increase of 1% when compared to €61.6m in 1Q24. EBITDA margin was 46% in 1Q25 vs. 48% in 1Q24.Net Profit came in at €36.3m in 1Q25  yielding a basic EPS of €0.84 and diluted EPS of €0.82  a 21% decrease compared to a Net Profit of €45.9m  basic EPS of €1.05  and diluted EPS of €1.04 in 1Q24.Trading Capital stood at €803m at the end of 1Q25  a 32% and 4% increase from €609m and €775m at the end of 1Q24 and 4Q24  respectively  and generated a 68% return on average trading capital 1 .. Shareholders’ equity was €787m at the end of 1Q25  compared to €631m at the end of 1Q24 and €767m at the end of 4Q24.Flow Traders employed 619 FTEs at the end of 1Q25  compared to 601 at the end of 1Q24 and 609 at the end of 4Q24.Leadership UpdateIn a separate release today  Flow Traders announced that Mike Kuehnel has conveyed to the Board his intention not to seek re-election as CEO for another full term at the 2025 AGM. He will leave Flow Traders at the end of August of this year  to pursue a new opportunity. To ensure a seamless leadership transition  Mike has agreed to be nominated for re-election as CEO at the upcoming AGM on 13 June 2025  his renewed term extending until 31 August 2025. The Board has initiated a search for his successor.Furthermore  Marc Jansen will be nominated for election as Executive Director of Flow Traders Ltd. and in addition  Marc Jansen and Alex Kieft will be appointed as Co-Chief Trading Officers  effective immediately.Financial Overview€million 1Q25 1Q24 Change YTD25 YTD24 Change Net trading income 140.2 127.1 10% 140.2 127.1 10% Other income (5.1) 2.5 NM (5.1) 2.5 NM Total income 135.1 129.6 4% 135.1 129.6 4% Revenue by region2 Europe 79.9 68.5 17% 79.9 68.5 17% Americas 11.4 41.3 (72%) 11.4 41.3 (72%) Asia 43.7 19.9 120% 43.7 19.9 120% Fixed employee expenses 24.3 20.7 18% 24.3 20.7 18% Technology expenses 17.4 15.8 10% 17.4 15.8 10% Other expenses 9.1 7.7 19% 9.1 7.7 19% Fixed operating expenses 50.8 44.1 15% 50.8 44.1 15% Variable employee expenses 22.0 23.8 (8%) 22.0 23.8 (8%) Total operating expenses 72.7 67.9 7% 72.7 67.9 7% EBITDA 62.3 61.6 1% 62.3 61.6 1% Interest expenses 0.4 - NM 0.4 - NM Lease expenses 0.5 0.6 (8%) 0.5 0.6 (8%) Depreciation & amortisation 4.7 4.3 11% 4.7 4.3 11% Impairment of intangible assets 10.5 - NM 10.5 - NM Profit/(loss) on equity-accounted investments (1.8) (0.4) 375% (1.8) (0.4) 375% Profit before tax 44.3 56.4 (21%) 44.3 56.4 (21%) Tax expense 8.0 10.6 (24%) 8.0 10.6 (24%) Net profit 36.3 45.9 (21%) 36.3 45.9 (21%) Basic EPS3 (€) 0.84 1.05 (21%) 0.84 1.05 (21%) Fully diluted EPS4 (€) 0.82 1.04 (21%) 0.82 1.04 (21%) EBITDA margin 46% 48% 46% 48%Revenue by Region€million 1Q23 2Q23 3Q23 4Q23 1Q24 2Q24 3Q24 4Q24 1Q25 Europe 58.5 33.1 33.6 42.6 68.4 48.6 70.2 86.9 79.9 Americas 32.8 9.3 22.0 18.1 41.3 13.4 20.8 18.2 11.4 Asia 19.2 9.0 12.1 13.6 19.9 14.2 23.6 53.8 43.7Value Traded Overview€billion 1Q25 1Q24 Change YTD25 YTD24 Change Flow Traders ETP Value Traded 507 409 24% 507 409 24% Europe 245 152 61% 245 152 61% Americas 213 229 (7%) 213 229 (7%) Asia 49 27 81% 49 27 81% Flow Traders non-ETP Value Traded 1 217 1 146 6% 1 217 1 146 6% Flow Traders Value Traded 1 724 1 555 11% 1 724 1 555 11% Equity 861 819 5% 861 819 5% FICC 774 691 12% 774 691 12% Other 89 45 100% 89 45 100% Market ETP Value Traded5 14 425 11 981 20% 14 425 11 981 20% Europe 882 597 48% 882 597 48% Americas 11 065 9 965 11% 11 065 9 965 11% Asia 2 478 1 419 75% 2 478 1 419 75% Asia ex China 645 439 47% 645 439 47%Trading Capital1Q23 2Q23 3Q23 4Q23 1Q24 2Q24 3Q24 4Q24 1Q25 Trading Capital (€m) 647 574 585 584 609 624 668 775 803 Return on Avg Trading Capital1 67% 65% 56% 49% 50% 58% 62% 69% 68% Average VIX7 21.0 16.7 15.1 15.4 13.9 14.2 17.1 17.3 18.5Market EnvironmentEuropeEquity trading volumes in the quarter across major exchanges saw meaningful increases when compared to the same period a year ago  while market volatility also increased . Fixed Income trading volumes on MTFs increased slightly compared to the same period a year ago.AmericasEquity trading volumes in the U.S. increased compared to the same period a year ago  but at a much lower level when compared to the other regions  while market volatility increased. Fixed Income trading volumes in the U.S. also increased slightly when compared to the same period a year ago  while volatility declined.AsiaEquity trading volumes in Asia were mixed as Hong Kong and China saw significant increases while Japan experienced declines when compared to the same period a year ago. Market volatility increased across the board in Hong Kong  China and Japan when compared to the same period a year ago.Digital AssetsWithin Digital Assets  which trades across regions on a 24/7 basis  trading volumes in cryptocurrencies increased when compared to the same period a year ago. However  net fund flows into cryptocurrency ETFs declined significantly compared to a year ago given the spot Bitcoin ETF launches in the U.S. in January 2024.OutlookFixed operating expenses guidance for the year remains unchanged and is expected to be in the range of €190-210m given additional technology investments and targeted additions of subject matter experts in growth areas  partially offset by expected operational efficiency gains.CEO StatementMike Kuehnel  CEO“Flow Traders posted a strong set of results in the first quarter  with the strength in the Equity segment in Europe and Asia in the quarter offsetting the lower contribution from Digital Assets when compared to the first quarter of 2024. The results serve as further confirmation of our diversification strategy and our ability to capture opportunities as they arise. The 68% return on average trading capital in the quarter also further validates our strategic decision to retain more profits to reinvest back into the company under the Trading Capital Expansion Plan  announced in July last year.During the quarter  market trading volumes increased meaningfully across Europe and Asia given the macroeconomic uncertainty raised by the prospect of tariffs from the U.S. and the potential impact to the global economy. Volumes were particularly elevated in Hong Kong and China given the continued investor interest in China following the stimulus unveiled by the government in the fourth quarter of last year. Similarly  volumes increased meaningfully in Europe given the market outperformance  as investors looked to rotate their investments given the seismic geopolitical shift in the U.S. and its ramifications on Europe. The Americas had a more muted quarter when compared with the other regions as we allocated more of our capital to regions with greater dislocations. Regardless of where the activities were in the quarter  Flow Traders continued to provide liquidity to our counterparty base and was able to leverage trading opportunities given the breadth of our global trading operation.In Digital Assets  while the value of cryptocurrencies pulled back post the U.S. presidential inauguration  we continue to see positive sentiment shifts by regulators in not only the U.S. but also in places like Hong Kong  Japan and Korea. The first Consensus conference in Asia  held in Hong Kong in February  demonstrated the increasing institutional interest and adoption of digital assets and the underlying technology in the region. As one of the earliest adopters  Flow Traders remains instrumental in providing liquidity to this asset class on a 24/7 basis and bridging the gap between traditional finance and digital assets ecosystems.Looking forward to the rest of 2025  we remain committed to enhancing our trading capabilities by strategically investing in cutting-edge technology and talent. This approach aligns seamlessly with our growth and diversification strategy. We anticipate that these investments  coupled with our Trading Capital Expansion Plan  will drive top-line growth for the firm over time.”Preliminary Financial Calendar13 June 2025 AGM31 July 2025 1H25 ResultsAnalyst Conference Call and WebcastThe 1Q25 trading update analyst conference call will be held at 10:00 am CEST on Thursday 24 April 2025. The presentation can be downloaded at https://www.flowtraders.com/investors/results-centre and the conference call can be followed via a listen-only audio webcast. A replay of the conference call will be available on the company website for at least 90 days.Contact DetailsFlow Traders Ltd.InvestorsEric PanPhone: +31 20 7996799Email: investor.relations@flowtraders.comMediaLaura PeijsPhone: +31 20 7996799Email: press@flowtraders.comAbout Flow TradersFlow Traders is a leading trading firm providing liquidity in multiple asset classes  covering all major exchanges. Founded in 2004  Flow Traders is a leading global ETP market marker and has leveraged its expertise in trading European equity ETPs to expand into fixed income  commodities  digital assets and FX globally. Flow Traders’ role in financial markets is to ensure the availability of liquidity and enabling investors to continue to buy or sell financial instruments under all market circumstances  thereby ensuring markets remain resilient and continue to function in an orderly manner. In addition to its trading activities  Flow Traders has established a strategic investment unit focused on fostering market innovation and aligned with our mission to bring greater transparency and efficiency to the financial ecosystem. With over two decades of experience  we have built a team of over 600 talented professionals  located globally  contributing to the firm's entrepreneurial culture and delivering the company's mission.NotesReturn on average trading capital defined as LTM NTI divided by the average of the prior and current end of period trading capital. Revenue by region includes NTI  Other Income  and inter-company revenue. Weighted average shares outstanding: 1Q25 - 43 394 080; 4Q24 - 43 066 302; 1Q24 - 43 515 359. Determined by adjusting the basic EPS for the effects of all dilutive share-based payments to employees. Source - Flow Traders analysis. Starting in 3Q24  average VIX is calculated as the average of VIX daily closing prices.Important Legal InformationThis press release is prepared by Flow Traders Ltd. and is for information purposes only. It is not a recommendation to engage in investment activities and you must not rely on the content of this document when making any investment decisions. The information in this document does not constitute legal  tax  or investment advice and is not to be regarded as investor marketing or marketing of any security or financial instrument  or as an offer to buy or sell  or as a solicitation of any offer to buy or sell  securities or financial instruments.The information and materials contained in this press release are provided ‘as is’ and Flow Traders Ltd. or any of its affiliates (“Flow Traders”) do not warrant the accuracy  adequacy or completeness of the information and materials and expressly disclaim liability for any errors or omissions. This press release is not intended to be  and shall not constitute in any way a binding or legal agreement  or impose any legal obligation on Flow Traders. All intellectual property rights  including trademarks  are those of their respective owners. All rights reserved. All proprietary rights and interest in or connected with this publication shall vest in Flow Traders. No part of it may be redistributed or reproduced without the prior written permission of Flow Traders.This press release may include forward-looking statements  which are based on Flow Traders’ current expectations and projections about future events  and are not guarantees of future performance. Forward looking statements are statements that are not historical facts  including statements about our beliefs and expectations. Words such as “may”  “will”  “would”  “should”  “expect”  “intend”  “estimate”  “anticipate”  “project”  “believe”  “could”  “hope”  “seek”  “plan”  “foresee”  “aim”  “objective”  “potential”  “goal” “strategy”  “target”  “continue” and similar expressions or their negatives are used to identify these forward-looking statements. By their nature  forward-looking statements involve known and unknown risks  uncertainties  assumptions and other factors because they relate to events and depend on circumstances that will occur in the future whether or not outside the control of Flow Traders. Such factors may cause actual results  performance or developments to differ materially from those expressed or implied by such forward-looking statements. Accordingly  no undue reliance should be placed on any forward-looking statements. Forward-looking statements speak only as at the date at which they are made. Flow Traders expressly disclaims any obligation or undertaking to update  review or revise any forward-looking statements contained in this press release to reflect any change in its expectations or any change in events  conditions or circumstances on which such statements are based unless required to do so by applicable law.Financial objectives are internal objectives of Flow Traders to measure its operational performance and should not be read as indicating that Flow Traders is targeting such metrics for any particular fiscal year. Flow Traders’ ability to achieve these financial objectives is inherently subject to significant business  economic and competitive uncertainties and contingencies  many of which are beyond Flow Traders’ control  and upon assumptions with respect to future business decisions that are subject to change. As a result  Flow Traders’ actual results may vary from these financial objectives  and those variations may be material.Efficiencies are net  before tax and on a run-rate basis  i.e. taking into account the full-year impact of any measure to be undertaken before the end of the period mentioned. The expected operating efficiencies and cost savings were prepared on the basis of a number of assumptions  projections and estimates  many of which depend on factors that are beyond Flow Traders’ control. These assumptions  projections and estimates are inherently subject to significant uncertainties and actual results may differ  perhaps materially  from those projected. Flow Traders cannot provide any assurance that these assumptions are correct and that these projections and estimates will reflect Flow Traders’ actual results of operations.By accepting this document you agree to the terms set out above. If you do not agree with the terms set out above please notify legal.amsterdam@nl.flowtraders.com immediately and delete or destroy this document.All results published in this release are unaudited.Market Abuse RegulationThis press release contains information within the meaning of Article 7(1) of the EU Market Abuse Regulation.Attachment,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,positive,0.68,0.32,0.01,True,English,"['Flow Traders 1Q 2025 Trading Update', '1Q23 2Q23 3Q23 4Q23 1Q24 2Q24 3Q24 4Q24 1Q25 Europe', '1Q25 1Q24 Change YTD25 YTD24 Change Flow Traders', 'Flow Traders 1Q 2025 Trading Update', 'unaudited 1Q 2025 trading update', 'higher Fixed Operating Expenses', 'Fixed Income trading volumes', 'Co-Chief Trading Officers', 'Avg Trading Capital1', 'Flow Traders Ltd.', 'Highlights Flow Traders', 'Equity trading volumes', 'Total Operating Expenses', 'Market Environment Europe', 'Flow Traders’ ETP', 'Net Trading Income', 'Fixed employee expenses', 'seamless leadership transition', 'average trading capital', '1Q25 Trading Capital', 'Variable employee expenses', 'Value Traded Overview', '2.5 NM Total income', 'NM Lease expenses', 'Market ETP Value', '1% Flow Traders', 'Leadership Update', 'Other income', 'technology expenses', 'Other expenses', 'Interest expenses', 'Financial Overview', 'Average VIX7', 'market volatility', 'Shareholders’ equity', 'Net Profit', 'separate release', 'new opportunity', 'Marc Jansen', 'Executive Director', 'Alex Kieft', 'intangible assets', 'equity-accounted investments', 'Basic EPS3', 'major exchanges', 'meaningful increases', 'same period', 'U.S.', 'lower level', 'other regions', 'diluted EPS', 'NM Profit', 'EBITDA margin', 'Mike Kuehnel', 'full term', 'upcoming AGM', 'The Board', 'Tax expense', '24% Europe', '2025 AGM', 'Amsterdam', 'Netherlands', 'Euronext', 'quarter', '21% decrease', 'end', '4% increase', '68% return', '619 FTEs', 'intention', 'election', 'CEO', 'August', 'year', '13 June', 'search', 'successor', 'addition', 'Revenue', 'region2', 'Americas', 'Asia', 'Depreciation', 'amortisation', 'Impairment', 'loss', 'EPS4', 'FICC', 'China', '803 Return', 'MTFs']",2025-04-24,2025-04-25,globenewswire.com
50274,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2025/04/24/3067077/0/en/Flow-Traders-Leadership-Update.html,Flow Traders Leadership Update,Flow Traders Leadership Update   Amsterdam  the Netherlands - Flow Traders Ltd. (Euronext: FLOW) announces that Mike Kuehnel has conveyed to the Board...,Flow Traders Leadership UpdateAmsterdam  the Netherlands - Flow Traders Ltd. (Euronext: FLOW) announces that Mike Kuehnel has conveyed to the Board of Flow Traders Ltd. his intention not to seek re-election as Chief Executive Officer (CEO) for another full term at the 2025 Annual General Meeting (AGM). He will leave Flow Traders at the end of August to pursue a new opportunity. To ensure a seamless leadership transition  Mike has agreed to be nominated for re-election as CEO at the upcoming AGM on 13 June 2025  with his renewed term extending until 31 August 2025. The Board has initiated a search for his successor.Furthermore  Marc Jansen will be nominated for election as Executive Director of Flow Traders Ltd. at the forthcoming AGM. Marc has played an instrumental role in developing and expanding Flow Traders’ trading footprint. He is also a current member of the Management Board of Flow Traders B.V.  the firm's largest operating entity. In addition  Marc Jansen and Alex Kieft will be appointed as Co-Chief Trading Officers  effective immediately. They will jointly manage the Global Trading Division  focusing on expanding the Company's trading operations across multiple asset classes and geographies.Mike KuehnelMike joined Flow Traders in August 2021 and was elected as Chief Financial Officer (CFO) in September 2021 and subsequently appointed to the role of CEO in February 2023. During his term  Mike has been instrumental in systematically strengthening the firm by enhancing its position as a leading globally diversified trading firm. Specifically  in 2024  he initiated Flow Traders’ Trading Capital Expansion Plan  which successfully contributed to the firm's second-best financial year in its 20-year history.Under Mike's leadership  and in collaboration with the entire leadership team  the firm has launched several strategic initiatives aimed at enhancing efficiency through automation as well as enhancing the firm’s structure with the objective of building a fully scalable organization. As part of the firm’s strategy  Mike has played a pivotal role in developing Flow Traders’ global leadership team and in attracting key talent to enhance the firm’s capability set. Subsequently  Mike has facilitated new strategic partnerships across global financial markets  allowing the firm to capitalize on new revenue opportunities to accelerate the growth of the Flow Traders.Marc JansenMarc joined Flow Traders in 2013 as a Trader and became Head of Trading EMEA in 2018. He continued playing a pivotal role in building out the firm’s trading operations  when he moved to the Americas  where he assumed the role of Managing Director  before being appointed Head of Trading with a focus on Digital Assets in 2021. He became Global Head of Trading and Management Board Member of Flow Traders B.V. in January 2024. Effective immediately  Marc will be appointed as Co-Chief Trading Officer.Alex KieftAlex joined Flow Traders in 2014 as a Trader and was appointed Head of Trading EMEA in 2019  followed by Global Head of Trading with a focus on equities in 2022. Effective immediately  Alex will be appointed as Co-Chief Trading Officer and will lead the firm’s Global Trading Division alongside Marc Jansen.Rudolf Ferscha  Chairman of the Board  stated:“Flow Traders has evolved beyond its foundational trading focus  marking a significant transition that enables us to capitalize on new opportunities and forge strategic partnerships  thereby advancing our long-term strategic ambitions. This transformation has been successfully initiated and managed under Mike's leadership  and on behalf of the entire Board  I would like to express our deepest appreciation for his numerous contributions to the firm.We fully respect his decision to pursue another opportunity outside the firm and wish him every success in his future endeavors. We also thank him for his dedication to developing this strengthened leadership team. Under Mike’s guidance  the leadership team has driven the firm's growth and expansion in recent years  notably with the successful launch of the Trading Capital Expansion Plan last year  leading to the second-best financial year in our 20-year history.Additionally  we are thrilled to appoint Marc and Alex as Co-Chief Trading Officers. Both Marc and Alex are esteemed leaders with a proven track record of shaping and accelerating our trading strategies across various asset classes and geographies. Their promotion reflects our dedication to strengthening our leadership and accelerating growth within our Trading Division. With a long-term focus on both talent and capital  we aim to intensify efforts in both traditional and digital asset markets  marking Flow Traders’ next phase of growth.”Mike Kuehnel  CEO of Flow Traders  added:“Throughout my tenure at Flow Traders  I have witnessed firsthand the transformative impact of technology and innovation on global financial markets. These experiences have reinforced my conviction to engage more broadly in the field of artificial intelligence  prompting my decision not to seek another full term as CEO.I am immensely proud of what we have collectively achieved  as evidenced by our strengthened position as a globally diversified trading firm. Equally  I take pride in the development and growth of our global leadership team. Cultivating and attracting talent has been a pivotal focus during my four years  and I am thrilled about the current standing of this team. I have full confidence in Flow Traders' future  and its ability to grow and become an even more significant force in promoting transparency  efficiency  and resilience within global financial markets.I would like to extend my heartfelt gratitude to the Board and all my colleagues at Flow Traders  it has been an exceptionally rewarding privilege to work alongside you. Serving as your CFO and CEO over the past four years has been an honor  and I am genuinely excited about the firm's future.”NotesFollowing shareholder approval at the 2025 AGM  Mike’s re-election as CEO and Executive Director will run until 31 August 2025Following shareholder approval at the 2025 AGM and regulatory vetting  Marc’s election as Executive Director of Flow Traders Ltd. will be effective for a term of four yearsIn the notice for the 2025 Annual General Meeting  scheduled to be published on 2 May  all necessary information will be included in accordance with the nominations outlined in this press releaseContact DetailsFlow Traders Ltd.InvestorsEric PanPhone: +31 20 7996799Email: investor.relations@flowtraders.comMediaLaura PeijsPhone: +31 20 7996799Email: press@flowtraders.comAbout Flow TradersFlow Traders is a leading trading firm providing liquidity in multiple asset classes  covering all major exchanges. Founded in 2004  Flow Traders is a leading global ETP market marker and has leveraged its expertise in trading European equity ETPs to expand into fixed income  commodities  digital assets and FX globally. Flow Traders’ role in financial markets is to ensure the availability of liquidity and enabling investors to continue to buy or sell financial instruments under all market circumstances  thereby ensuring markets remain resilient and continue to function in an orderly manner. In addition to its trading activities  Flow Traders has established a strategic investment unit focused on fostering market innovation and aligned with our mission to bring greater transparency and efficiency to the financial ecosystem. With over two decades of experience  we have built a team of over 600 talented professionals  located globally  contributing to the firm's entrepreneurial culture and delivering the company's mission.Important Legal InformationThis press release is prepared by Flow Traders Ltd. and is for information purposes only. It is not a recommendation to engage in investment activities and you must not rely on the content of this document when making any investment decisions. The information in this document does not constitute legal  tax  or investment advice and is not to be regarded as investor marketing or marketing of any security or financial instrument  or as an offer to buy or sell  or as a solicitation of any offer to buy or sell  securities or financial instruments.The information and materials contained in this press release are provided ‘as is’ and Flow Traders Ltd. or any of its affiliates (“Flow Traders”) do not warrant the accuracy  adequacy or completeness of the information and materials and expressly disclaim liability for any errors or omissions. This press release is not intended to be  and shall not constitute in any way a binding or legal agreement  or impose any legal obligation on Flow Traders. All intellectual property rights  including trademarks  are those of their respective owners. All rights reserved. All proprietary rights and interest in or connected with this publication shall vest in Flow Traders. No part of it may be redistributed or reproduced without the prior written permission of Flow Traders.This press release may include forward-looking statements  which are based on Flow Traders’ current expectations and projections about future events  and are not guarantees of future performance. Forward looking statements are statements that are not historical facts  including statements about our beliefs and expectations. Words such as “may”  “will”  “would”  “should”  “expect”  “intend”  “estimate”  “anticipate”  “project”  “believe”  “could”  “hope”  “seek”  “plan”  “foresee”  “aim”  “objective”  “potential”  “goal” “strategy”  “target”  “continue” and similar expressions or their negatives are used to identify these forward-looking statements. By their nature  forward-looking statements involve known and unknown risks  uncertainties  assumptions and other factors because they relate to events and depend on circumstances that will occur in the future whether or not outside the control of Flow Traders. Such factors may cause actual results  performance or developments to differ materially from those expressed or implied by such forward-looking statements. Accordingly  no undue reliance should be placed on any forward-looking statements. Forward-looking statements speak only as at the date at which they are made. Flow Traders expressly disclaims any obligation or undertaking to update  review or revise any forward-looking statements contained in this press release to reflect any change in its expectations or any change in events  conditions or circumstances on which such statements are based unless required to do so by applicable law.Financial objectives are internal objectives of Flow Traders to measure its operational performance and should not be read as indicating that Flow Traders is targeting such metrics for any particular fiscal year. Flow Traders’ ability to achieve these financial objectives is inherently subject to significant business  economic and competitive uncertainties and contingencies  many of which are beyond Flow Traders’ control  and upon assumptions with respect to future business decisions that are subject to change. As a result  Flow Traders’ actual results may vary from these financial objectives  and those variations may be material.Efficiencies are net  before tax and on a run-rate basis  i.e. taking into account the full-year impact of any measure to be undertaken before the end of the period mentioned. The expected operating efficiencies and cost savings were prepared on the basis of a number of assumptions  projections and estimates  many of which depend on factors that are beyond Flow Traders’ control. These assumptions  projections and estimates are inherently subject to significant uncertainties and actual results may differ  perhaps materially  from those projected. Flow Traders cannot provide any assurance that these assumptions are correct and that these projections and estimates will reflect Flow Traders’ actual results of operations.By accepting this document you agree to the terms set out above. If you do not agree with the terms set out above please notify legal.amsterdam@nl.flowtraders.com immediately and delete or destroy this document.Market Abuse RegulationThis press release contains information within the meaning of Article 7(1) of the EU Market Abuse Regulation.Attachments,neutral,0.01,0.99,0.01,positive,0.9,0.09,0.01,True,English,"['Flow Traders Leadership Update', 'Flow Traders’ Trading Capital Expansion Plan', 'leading globally diversified trading firm', 'Flow Traders’ global leadership team', 'Flow Traders B.V.', 'Flow Traders’ trading footprint', 'Flow Traders Leadership Update', '2025 Annual General Meeting', 'largest operating entity', 'multiple asset classes', 'Chief Financial Officer', 'best financial year', 'global financial markets', 'proven track record', 'various asset classes', 'Flow Traders Ltd', 'Chief Trading Officers', 'several strategic initiatives', 'Chief Executive Officer', 'digital asset markets', 'Global Trading Division', 'long-term strategic ambitions', 'new revenue opportunities', 'seamless leadership transition', 'entire leadership team', 'new strategic partnerships', 'foundational trading focus', 'Management Board Member', 'new opportunities', 'trading operations', 'Trading EMEA', 'trading strategies', 'Executive Director', 'current member', 'Digital Assets', 'significant transition', 'Global Head', 'entire Board', 'long-term focus', 'new opportunity', '20-year history', 'scalable organization', 'capability set', 'Managing Director', 'Rudolf Ferscha', 'deepest appreciation', 'numerous contributions', 'future endeavors', 'recent years', 'successful launch', 'next phase', 'transformative impact', 'artificial intelligence', 'The Board', 'upcoming AGM', 'forthcoming AGM', 'instrumental role', 'pivotal role', 'key talent', 'Marc Jansen', 'full term', 'Alex Kieft', 'Mike Kuehnel', 'Amsterdam', 'Netherlands', 'Euronext', 'intention', 'election', 'CEO', 'August', '13 June', 'search', 'successor', 'addition', 'Company', 'geographies', 'CFO', 'September', 'February', 'position', 'collaboration', 'efficiency', 'automation', 'structure', 'objective', 'strategy', 'growth', 'Americas', 'January', 'equities', 'Chairman', 'transformation', 'behalf', 'decision', 'dedication', 'guidance', 'promotion', 'efforts', 'traditional', 'tenure', 'technology', 'innovation', 'experiences', 'conviction', 'field']",2025-04-24,2025-04-25,globenewswire.com
50275,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2025/04/24/3067089/0/en/Pharming-Group-to-report-first-quarter-2025-financial-results-on-May-8.html,Pharming Group to report first quarter 2025 financial results on May 8,Leiden  the Netherlands  April 24  2025: Pharming Group N.V. (“Pharming”) (Euronext Amsterdam: PHARM/Nasdaq: PHAR) confirms it will report its preliminary (unaudited) first quarter 2025 financial results  for the period ended March 31  on Thursday  May 8  202…,Leiden  the Netherlands  April 24  2025: Pharming Group N.V. (“Pharming”) (Euronext Amsterdam: PHARM/Nasdaq: PHAR) confirms it will report its preliminary (unaudited) first quarter 2025 financial results  for the period ended March 31  on Thursday  May 8  2025.Pharming will host a presentation for analysts and investors at 13:30 CEST/07:30 am EDT on May 8  2025.To participate in the conference call  please register in advance using the link below. Once registered  dial-in information and a unique PIN will be provided  allowing access to the call.Conference call registration:Please note  the Company will only take questions from dial-in attendees.https://register-conf.media-server.com/register/BI1059030b794549a5a265dac1ee0542ebTo watch the live webcast  please register in advance using the link below.Webcast registration:https://edge.media-server.com/mmc/p/y45rvzpjAbout Pharming Group N.V.Pharming Group N.V. (EURONEXT Amsterdam: PHARM/Nasdaq: PHAR) is a global biopharmaceutical company dedicated to transforming the lives of patients with rare  debilitating  and life-threatening diseases. We are commercializing and developing a portfolio of innovative medicines  including small molecules and biologics. Pharming is headquartered in Leiden  the Netherlands  and has employees around the globe who serve patients in over 30 markets in North America  Europe  the Middle East  Africa  and Asia-Pacific.For more information  visit www.pharming.com and find us on LinkedIn.For further public information  contact:Pharming Group  Leiden  the NetherlandsMichael Levitan  VP Investor Relations & Corporate CommunicationsT: +1 (908) 705 1696E: investor@pharming.comFTI Consulting  London  UKSimon Conway/Alex ShawithAmy ByrneT: +44 203 727 1000LifeSpring Life Sciences Communication  Amsterdam  the NetherlandsLeon MelensT: +31 6 53 81 64 27E: pharming@lifespring.nlAttachment,neutral,0.02,0.98,0.0,neutral,0.02,0.97,0.01,True,English,"['first quarter 2025 financial results', 'Pharming Group', 'May', 'preliminary (unaudited) first quarter 2025 financial results', 'LifeSpring Life Sciences Communication', 'Pharming Group N.V.', 'Corporate Communications T', 'Leon Melens T', 'global biopharmaceutical company', 'VP Investor Relations', 'Conference call registration', 'Webcast registration', 'unique PIN', 'live webcast', 'life-threatening diseases', 'innovative medicines', 'small molecules', 'North America', 'Middle East', 'Michael Levitan', 'FTI Consulting', 'Simon Conway', 'Alex Shaw', 'Amy Byrne', 'nl Attachment', 'Euronext Amsterdam', 'public information', 'Leiden', 'Netherlands', 'April', 'PHARM/Nasdaq', 'period', 'Thursday', 'May', 'presentation', 'analysts', 'investors', '13:30 CEST', 'advance', 'link', 'access', 'questions', 'attendees', 'BI1059030b794549a5a265dac1ee0542eb', 'media', 'mmc', 'y45rvzpj', 'lives', 'patients', 'portfolio', 'biologics', 'employees', 'globe', '30 markets', 'Europe', 'Africa', 'Asia-Pacific', 'London', 'UK']",2025-04-24,2025-04-25,globenewswire.com
50276,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2025/04/24/3067236/0/en/OP-Corporate-Bank-plc-to-redeem-its-EUR-1-000-000-000-Resettable-Callable-Tier-2-Instruments-due-June-2030.html,OP Corporate Bank plc to redeem its EUR 1 000 000 000 Resettable Callable Tier 2 Instruments due June 2030,OP Corporate Bank plc Inside Information 24 April 2025 at 14:00 EESTOP Corporate Bank plc to redeem its EUR 1 000 000 000 Resettable Callable Tier 2 Instruments due June 2030OP Corporate Bank plc will redeem its EUR 1 000 000 000 Resettable Callable Tier 2 In…,OP Corporate Bank plcInside Information24 April 2025 at 14:00 EESTOP Corporate Bank plc to redeem its EUR 1 000 000 000 Resettable Callable Tier 2 Instruments due June 2030OP Corporate Bank plc will redeem its EUR 1 000 000 000 Resettable Callable Tier 2 Instruments due June 2030 originally issued in June 2020 (ISIN: XS2185867673).OP Corporate Bank plc will redeem all of the outstanding instruments on 9 June 2025 at par plus accrued interest.OP Corporate Bank plc requests the Irish Stock Exchange plc trading as Euronext Dublin to cancel the listing of the instruments on the Official List of Euronext Dublin and the admission to trading on the Regulated Market of Euronext Dublin.This announcement contains information that qualifies  or may qualify  as inside information within the meaning of Article 7(1) of the Market Abuse Regulation (EU) 596/2014 (“MAR”) including as it forms part of United Kingdom domestic law by virtue of the European Union (withdrawal) Act 2018 (“UK MAR”)  encompassing information relating to the instruments.OP Corporate Bank plcMikko TimonenChief Financial Officer  OP Financial GroupFurther information:OP Financial Group’s Investor Relations  IR@op.fiMedia inquiries:OP Financial Group’s Communications  tel. +358 10 252 8719  viestinta@op.fiDISTRIBUTIONNasdaq Helsinki LtdEuronext Dublin (Irish Stock Exchange)LSE London Stock ExchangeMajor mediaop.fiOP Corporate Bank plc is part of OP Financial Group. OP Corporate Bank and OP Mortgage Bank are responsible for OP's funding in money and capital markets. As laid down in the applicable law  OP Corporate Bank  OP Mortgage Bank and their parent company OP Cooperative and other OP Financial Group member credit institutions are ultimately jointly and severally liable for each other's debts and commitments. OP Corporate Bank acts as OP Financial Group's central bank.,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,negative,0.02,0.24,0.74,True,English,"['OP Corporate Bank plc', '1,000,000,000 Resettable Callable Tier 2 Instruments', 'EUR', 'other OP Financial Group member credit institutions', 'Mikko Timonen Chief Financial Officer', 'OP Corporate Bank plc Inside Information', 'LSE London Stock Exchange', 'Irish Stock Exchange plc', 'United Kingdom domestic law', '1,000,000,000 Resettable Callable Tier 2 Instruments', 'OP Mortgage Bank', 'Nasdaq Helsinki Ltd', 'Market Abuse Regulation', 'central bank', 'op.fi', 'OP Cooperative', 'applicable law', 'Regulated Market', 'outstanding instruments', 'Further information', 'Euronext Dublin', 'Official List', 'European Union', 'withdrawal) Act', 'Investor Relations', 'Media inquiries', 'Major media', 'capital markets', 'parent company', 'UK MAR', '24 April', '14:00 EEST', 'June', 'ISIN', 'XS2185867673', 'accrued', 'interest', 'listing', 'admission', 'announcement', 'meaning', 'Article', 'part', 'virtue', 'Communications', 'viestinta', 'DISTRIBUTION', 'funding', 'money', 'debts', 'commitments', '358']",2025-04-24,2025-04-25,globenewswire.com
50277,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2025/04/24/3067082/0/en/Availability-of-Preparatory-Documents-for-the-Combined-General-Meeting-of-May-15-2025.html,Availability of Preparatory Documents for the Combined General Meeting of May 15  2025,Strasbourg  France  April 24  2025  8:00 a.m. CET - Transgene (Euronext Paris: TNG)  a biotech company that designs and develops virus-based immunotherapies  announced that the documentation related to the Combined General Meeting (ordinary and extraordinary …,Strasbourg  France  April 24  2025  8:00 a.m. CET - Transgene (Euronext Paris: TNG)  a biotech company that designs and develops virus-based immunotherapies  announced that the documentation related to the Combined General Meeting (ordinary and extraordinary sessions) of Transgene’s shareholders is available.The notice of meeting  comprising the agenda and the draft resolutions  was published in the Bulletin des Annonces Légales Obligatoires (BALO) n° 42 of April 7  2025 and in the corrigendum no. 47 of April 18  2025.These notices include information on how to attend and vote at the General Meeting.The General Meeting will be held on May 15  2025  at 10:00 am CET  at the Company’s headquarters in Illkirch-Graffenstaden (France). It will be broadcast live on the Company’s website (www.transgene.fr under “Investors - Shareholders’ Meeting”) and the video will also be available later within the time period provided for by the regulations.The procedures and rules relative to the holding of this shareholder meeting  as well as the exercise of the right to request documents and submit written questions  are set out in the notice of meeting published on April 7  2025 and are also posted at www.transgene.fr/AG2025.About TransgeneTransgene (Euronext: TNG) is a biotechnology company focused on designing and developing targeted immunotherapies for the treatment of cancer. The Company’s clinical-stage programs consist of a portfolio of viral vector-based immunotherapeutics. TG4050  the first individualized therapeutic vaccine based on the myvac® platform is the Company’s lead asset  with demonstrated proof of principle in patients in the adjuvant treatment of head and neck cancers. The portfolio also includes other viral-vector-based immunotherapies: TG4001 for the treatment of HPV-positive cancers  as well as BT-001 and TG6050  two oncolytic viruses based on the Invir.IO® viral backbone. The Company also conducts innovative discovery and preclinical work  aimed at developing novel viral vector-based modalities.With Transgene’s myvac® platform  therapeutic vaccination enters the field of precision medicine with a novel immunotherapy that is fully tailored to each individual. The myvac® approach allows the generation of a virus-based immunotherapy that encodes patient-specific mutations identified and selected by Artificial Intelligence capabilities provided by its partner NEC.With its proprietary platform Invir.IO®  Transgene is building on its viral vector engineering expertise to design a new generation of multifunctional oncolytic viruses.Additional information about Transgene is available at: www.transgene.frFollow us on social media: X (formerly Twitter): @TransgeneSA — LinkedIn: @TransgeneContactsMedia: Investors & Analysts: Caroline Tosch Lucie Larguier Corporate and Scientific Communications Manager Chief Financial Officer (CFO) +33 (0)3 68 33 27 38 Nadege Bartoli communication@transgene.fr Investor Relations Analystand Financial Communications Officer MEDiSTRAVA +33 (0)3 88 27 91 00/03 Frazer Hall/Sylvie Berrebi investorrelations@transgene.fr + 44 (0)203 928 6900 transgene@medistrava.comDisclaimerThis press release contains forward-looking statements  which are subject to numerous risks and uncertainties  which could cause actual results to differ materially from those anticipated. The occurrence of any of these risks could have a significant negative outcome for the Company’s activities  perspectives  financial situation  results  regulatory authorities’ agreement with development phases  and development. The Company’s ability to commercialize its products depends on but is not limited to the following factors: positive pre-clinical data may not be predictive of human clinical results  the success of clinical studies  the ability to obtain financing and/or partnerships for product manufacturing  development and commercialization  and marketing approval by government regulatory authorities. For a discussion of risks and uncertainties which could cause the Company’s actual results  financial condition  performance or achievements to differ from those contained in the forward-looking statements  please refer to the Risk Factors (“Facteurs de Risque”) section of the Universal Registration Document  available on the AMF website (http://www.amf-france.org) or on Transgene’s website (www.transgene.fr). Forward-looking statements speak only as of the date on which they are made  and Transgene undertakes no obligation to update these forward-looking statements  even if new information becomes available in the future.Attachment,neutral,0.0,0.99,0.0,negative,0.01,0.33,0.66,True,English,"['Combined General Meeting', 'Preparatory Documents', 'Availability', 'May', 'Caroline Tosch Lucie Larguier Corporate', 'Annonces Légales Obligatoires', 'viral vector engineering expertise', 'first individualized therapeutic vaccine', 'novel viral vector-based modalities', 'Invir.IO® viral backbone', 'viral vector-based immunotherapeutics', 'two oncolytic viruses', 'Artificial Intelligence capabilities', 'multifunctional oncolytic viruses', 'Scientific Communications Manager', 'Investor Relations Analyst', 'Sylvie Berrebi investorrelations', 'significant negative outcome', 'regulatory authorities’ agreement', 'positive pre-clinical data', 'government regulatory authorities', 'Universal Registration Document', 'Chief Financial Officer', 'Financial Communications Officer', 'other viral-vector-based immunotherapies', 'The myvac® approach', 'Combined General Meeting', 'human clinical results', 'The General Meeting', 'therapeutic vaccination', 'novel immunotherapy', 'financial situation', 'clinical studies', 'financial condition', 'virus-based immunotherapies', 'targeted immunotherapies', 'myvac® platform', 'extraordinary sessions', 'draft resolutions', 'time period', 'shareholder meeting', 'written questions', 'clinical-stage programs', 'lead asset', 'neck cancers', 'HPV-positive cancers', 'innovative discovery', 'preclinical work', 'precision medicine', 'virus-based immunotherapy', 'patient-specific mutations', 'proprietary platform', 'social media', 'Contacts Media', 'Nadege Bartoli', 'Frazer Hall', 'press release', 'forward-looking statements', 'actual results', 'following factors', 'product manufacturing', 'marketing approval', 'Risk Factors', 'The Company', 'Additional information', 'new information', 'Euronext Paris', 'biotech company', 'Shareholders’ Meeting', 'biotechnology company', 'new generation', 'adjuvant treatment', 'numerous risks', 'development phases', 'AMF website', 'transgene.fr', 'Strasbourg', 'France', 'April', '8:00 a', 'CET', 'TNG', 'documentation', 'notice', 'agenda', 'Bulletin', 'BALO', 'corrigendum', 'May', 'headquarters', 'Illkirch-Graffenstaden', 'Investors', 'video', 'regulations', 'procedures', 'rules', 'holding', 'exercise', 'right', 'documents', 'AG2025', 'portfolio', 'TG4050', 'proof', 'principle', 'patients', 'TG4001', 'TG6050', 'field', 'partner', 'Twitter', 'TransgeneSA', 'LinkedIn', 'Analysts', 'CFO', 'MEDiSTRAVA', 'Disclaimer', 'uncertainties', 'occurrence', 'activities', 'perspectives', 'ability', 'products', 'success', 'financing', 'commercialization', 'discussion', 'performance', 'achievements', 'Facteurs', 'Risque', 'section', 'org', 'date', 'obligation', 'future', 'Attachment', '10:00', '3']",2025-04-24,2025-04-25,globenewswire.com
50278,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2025/04/24/3067189/0/en/Kitron-Minutes-from-Annual-General-Meeting-2025.html,Kitron: Minutes from Annual General Meeting 2025,(2025-04-24) Kitron ASA held its Annual General Meeting on 24 April 2025.  125 133 236 shares  amounting to 62 91 per cent of the share capital  were......,(2025-04-24) Kitron ASA held its Annual General Meeting on 24 April 2025.125 133 236 shares  amounting to 62 91 per cent of the share capital  were represented at the meeting.All proposals were resolved as presented in the notice issued on 3 April 2025  except the board proposal on an authorization to issue new shares for strategic purposes that did not receive the necessary qualified majority vote.After the general meeting  the board of Kitron comprises the following shareholder- and employee-elected members:Shareholder-elected members:Tuomo Lähdesmäki (Chairperson  re-elected)Maalfrid Brath (re-elected)Michael Lundgaard Thomsen (re-elected)Petra Grandinson (re-elected)Gyrid Skalleberg Ingerø (elected)Employee elected members:Ingjerd LivollenGeir VedøyHåkon LjøstadThe Annual General Meeting approved the proposed dividend of NOK 0.35 per share for shareholders registered in Kitron's shareholder register with the Norwegian Central Securities Depository (Euronext Securities Oslo  formerly named Euronext VPS) as of the expiry of 28 April 2025 based on normal T+2 settlement.Kitron's shares will be traded on the Oslo Stock Exchange exclusive the right to receive dividend on 25 April 2025. The dividend is expected to be paid on or about 15 May 2025.The minutes from the Annual General Meeting are attached.For further information  please contact: Cathrin Nylander  CFO  tel. +47 900 43 284E-mail: investorrelations@kitron.comKitron is a leading Scandinavian electronics manufacturing services company for the Connectivity  Electrification  Industry  Medical devices and Defence/Aerospace sectors. The group has operations located in Norway  Sweden  Denmark  Lithuania  Germany  Poland  the Czech Republic  India  Malaysia  China and the United States. Kitron has about 2 400 employees  and revenues were EUR 647 million in 2024.www.kitron.comThis information is subject to the disclosure requirements pursuant to Section 5-12 of the Norwegian Securities Trading Act.Attachment,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,negative,0.01,0.39,0.6,True,English,"['Annual General Meeting', 'Kitron', 'Minutes', 'leading Scandinavian electronics manufacturing services company', 'necessary qualified majority vote', 'Tuomo Lähdesmäki', 'Håkon Ljøstad', 'Norwegian Central Securities Depository', 'Norwegian Securities Trading Act', 'The Annual General Meeting', 'Euronext Securities Oslo', 'Michael Lundgaard Thomsen', 'Gyrid Skalleberg Ingerø', 'Geir Vedøy', 'normal T+2 settlement', 'Oslo Stock Exchange', '62,91 per cent', 'strategic purposes', 'Maalfrid Brath', 'Petra Grandinson', 'Ingjerd Livollen', 'shareholder register', 'Cathrin Nylander', 'Medical devices', 'Defence/Aerospace sectors', 'Czech Republic', 'United States', 'disclosure requirements', 'employee-elected members', 'Shareholder-elected members', 'share capital', 'board proposal', 'new shares', 'Kitron ASA', '125,133,236 shares', '24 April', 'proposals', 'notice', '3 April', 'authorization', 'following', 'Chairperson', 'dividend', 'NOK', 'shareholders', 'expiry', '28 April', 'exclusive', 'right', '25 April', '15 May', 'minutes', 'information', 'CFO', 'tel', 'mail', 'investorrelations', 'Connectivity', 'Electrification', 'Industry', 'group', 'operations', 'Norway', 'Sweden', 'Denmark', 'Lithuania', 'Germany', 'Poland', 'India', 'Malaysia', 'China', '2 400 employees', 'revenues', 'Section', 'Attachment']",2025-04-24,2025-04-25,globenewswire.com
50279,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2025/04/24/3067125/0/en/Share-Buyback-Transaction-Details-April-17-April-23-2025.html,Share Buyback Transaction Details April 17 – April 23  2025,PRESS RELEASE                                          Share Buyback Transaction Details April 17 – April 23  2025  Alphen aan den Rijn – April 24  2025...,PRESS RELEASEShare Buyback Transaction Details April 17 – April 23  2025Alphen aan den Rijn – April 24  2025 - Wolters Kluwer (Euronext: WKL)  a global leader in professional information  software solutions  and services  today reports that it has repurchased 71 382 of its own ordinary shares in the period from April 17  2025  up to and including April 23  2025  for €10.7 million and at an average share price of €149.95.These repurchases are part of the share buyback program announced on February 26  2025  under which we intend to repurchase shares for up to € 1 billion during 2025.The cumulative amounts repurchased in the year to date under this program are as follows:Share Buyback 2025Period Cumulative shares repurchased in period Total consideration(€ million) Average share price(€) 2025 to date 1 699 610 261.8 154.06For the period starting February 28  2025  up to and including May 5  2025  we have engaged a third party to execute €155 million of buybacks on our behalf  within the limits of relevant laws and regulations (in particular Regulation (EU) 596/2014) and the company’s Articles of Association.Shares repurchased are added to and held as treasury shares and will be used for capital reduction purposes through share cancelation.Further information is available on our website:For more information about Wolters Kluwer  please visit: www.wolterskluwer.com.###About Wolters KluwerWolters Kluwer (EURONEXT: WKL) is a global leader in information solutions  software and services for professionals in healthcare; tax and accounting; financial and corporate compliance; legal and regulatory; corporate performance and ESG. We help our customers make critical decisions every day by providing expert solutions that combine deep domain knowledge with technology and services.Wolters Kluwer reported 2024 annual revenues of €5.9 billion. The group serves customers in over 180 countries  maintains operations in over 40 countries  and employs approximately 21 600 people worldwide. The company is headquartered in Alphen aan den Rijn  the Netherlands.Wolters Kluwer shares are listed on Euronext Amsterdam (WKL) and are included in the AEX  Euro Stoxx 50 and Euronext 100 indices. Wolters Kluwer has a sponsored Level 1 American Depositary Receipt (ADR) program. The ADRs are traded on the over-the-counter market in the U.S. (WTKWY).For more information  visit www.wolterskluwer.com  follow us on LinkedIn  Facebook  YouTube and Instagram.Media Investors/Analysts Stefan Kloet Meg Geldens Associate Director Vice President Global Communications Investor Relations press@wolterskluwer.com ir@wolterskluwer.comForward-looking Statements and Other Important Legal InformationThis report contains forward-looking statements. These statements may be identified by words such as “expect”  “should”  “could”  “shall” and similar expressions. Wolters Kluwer cautions that such forward-looking statements are qualified by certain risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results and events to differ materially from what is contemplated by the forward-looking statements. Factors which could cause actual results to differ from these forward-looking statements may include  without limitation  general economic conditions; conditions in the markets in which Wolters Kluwer is engaged; conditions created by pandemics; behavior of customers  suppliers  and competitors; technological developments; the implementation and execution of new ICT systems or outsourcing; and legal  tax  and regulatory rules affecting Wolters Kluwer’s businesses  as well as risks related to mergers  acquisitions  and divestments. In addition  financial risks such as currency movements  interest rate fluctuations  liquidity  and credit risks could influence future results. The foregoing list of factors should not be construed as exhaustive. Wolters Kluwer disclaims any intention or obligation to publicly update or revise any forward-looking statements  whether as a result of new information  future events or otherwise.Elements of this press release contain or may contain inside information about Wolters Kluwer within the meaning of Article 7(1) of the Market Abuse Regulation (596/2014/EU). Trademarks referenced are owned by Wolters Kluwer N.V. and its subsidiaries and may be registered in various countries.Attachment,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,negative,0.0,0.17,0.82,True,English,"['Share Buyback Transaction Details', 'April', 'Analysts Stefan Kloet Meg Geldens Associate Director', 'Alphen aan den Rijn', 'Level 1 American Depositary Receipt', 'Global Communications Investor Relations', 'Share Buyback Transaction Details', 'Other Important Legal Information', 'Wolters Kluwer N.V.', 'capital reduction purposes', 'deep domain knowledge', 'interest rate fluctuations', 'average share price', 'new ICT systems', 'share buyback program', 'general economic conditions', 'Market Abuse Regulation', 'Wolters Kluwer shares', 'Period Cumulative shares', 'share cancelation', 'global leader', 'cumulative amounts', 'counter market', 'new information', 'PRESS RELEASE', 'professional information', 'ordinary shares', 'Total consideration', 'third party', 'relevant laws', 'treasury shares', 'Further information', 'information solutions', 'corporate compliance', 'corporate performance', 'critical decisions', 'expert solutions', '2024 annual revenues', 'Euro Stoxx 50', 'ADR) program', 'U.S.', 'Media Investors', 'Vice President', 'similar expressions', 'actual results', 'technological developments', 'currency movements', 'future results', 'foregoing list', 'inside information', 'Forward-looking Statements', 'software solutions', 'Euronext Amsterdam', 'Euronext 100 indices', 'regulatory rules', 'credit risks', 'future events', 'various countries', 'financial risks', '180 countries', '40 countries', 'April', 'WKL', 'services', 'repurchases', 'February', 'year', 'date', 'May', 'buybacks', 'behalf', 'limits', 'regulations', 'company', 'Articles', 'Association', 'website', 'wolterskluwer', 'professionals', 'healthcare', 'tax', 'accounting', 'ESG', 'customers', 'technology', 'group', 'operations', '21,600 people', 'Netherlands', 'AEX', 'ADRs', 'WTKWY', 'LinkedIn', 'Facebook', 'YouTube', 'Instagram', 'report', 'words', 'uncertainties', 'Factors', 'limitation', 'markets', 'pandemics', 'behavior', 'suppliers', 'competitors', 'implementation', 'execution', 'outsourcing', 'businesses', 'mergers', 'acquisitions', 'divestments', 'addition', 'liquidity', 'intention', 'obligation', 'Elements', 'meaning', 'Trademarks', 'subsidiaries', 'Attachment']",2025-04-24,2025-04-25,globenewswire.com
50280,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2025/04/24/3067100/0/en/Late-breaking-elafibranor-primary-sclerosing-cholangitis-PSC-data-demonstrates-favorable-safety-profile-and-significant-efficacy-in-second-potential-rare-liver-disease-indication.html,Late-breaking elafibranor primary sclerosing cholangitis (PSC) data demonstrates favorable safety profile and significant efficacy in second potential rare liver disease indication,PARIS  FRANCE  24 April 2025 Ipsen (Euronext: IPN; ADR: IPSEY) will be presenting data from the late-breaking abstract on elafibranor in the investigational Phase II ELMWOOD study at the European Association for the Study of the Liver (EASL) congress as an or…,"Elafibranor showed a favorable safety profile and demonstrated dose-dependent efficacy over 12 weeks for people living with PSC  a rare liver disease that currently has no approved treatment optionsPatients treated with elafibranor versus placebo showed significant improvements in liver biochemical parameters  including alkaline phosphatase (ALP)Stabilization of non-invasive markers of liver fibrosis were observed in patients on elafibranor versus placeboA significant improvement in pruritus was observed in patients on elafibranor 120 mg versus placeboPARIS  FRANCE  24 April 2025 Ipsen (Euronext: IPN; ADR: IPSEY) will be presenting data from the late-breaking abstract on elafibranor in the investigational Phase II ELMWOOD study at the European Association for the Study of the Liver (EASL) congress as an oral presentation  on 10 May at 11.15 CET. For the first time data highlighting the potential of elafibranor in treating people living with primary sclerosing cholangitis (PSC) will be presented. PSC is a rare liver disease that currently has no approved treatment options.""These results are a testament to our ongoing commitment to advancing potential treatments for rare liver diseases where there is a significant unmet need and few options for patients currently exist ” said Christelle Huguet  PhD  Executive Vice President and Head of Research and Development  Ipsen. “These results are encouraging and reinforce elafibranor’s action as a PPARα/δ agonist in potentially treating multiple liver diseases  like PSC.”The Phase II ELMWOOD trial data (LB25222/OS089) demonstrated a positive safety and tolerability profile and efficacy benefits for patients with PSC treated with elafibranor versus those treated with a placebo. In this 12-week study  68 patients with PSC were randomized to receive either elafibranor 80 mg or 120 mg or placebo. The primary endpoint was the safety and tolerability of elafibranor. Treatment-emergent adverse events were experienced by 68.2%  78.3% and 69.6% of patients on elafibranor 80 mg  120 mg and placebo  respectively. Adverse events leading to treatment discontinuation occurred more commonly in patients on placebo (8.7%) than elafibranor 80 mg (4.5%) or 120 mg (4.3%). Serious adverse events occurred in 4.3% of patients on placebo and none on elafibranor.1Efficacy results showed that patients on elafibranor had significant dose-dependent reductions in alkaline phosphatase (ALP)  with patients on elafibranor 80 mg and 120 mg having significant reductions at week 12 versus placebo (−103.2 U/L and −171.1 U/L vs +32.1 U/L; p < 0.0001)  and improvements observed as early as week 4. Similar findings were seen in other biochemical liver parameters  including alanine aminotransferase (ALT) and gamma-glutamyl transferase (GGT)  which are important biochemical markers of disease progression.Patients on elafibranor also had stabilization in Enhanced Liver Fibrosis (ELF)  a non-invasive marker of liver fibrosis  versus patients on placebo at week 12. Additionally  patients on elafibranor 120 mg experienced improvements in pruritus compared with patients on placebo according to the Worst Itch Numeric Rating Scale (WI NRS) score (-0.96 vs -0.28; p<0.05).1“These data from the ELMWOOD trial are encouraging  demonstrating positive safety and efficacy data for elafibranor as a potential treatment for PSC  where none currently exist ” said Cynthia Levy  MD  Professor of Clinical Medicine and Hepatology  University of Miami Miller School of Medicine  Miami  Florida. “PSC is a serious liver disease and currently  liver transplantation is the only treatment that can significantly improve the prognosis. These findings support further investigation in larger longer-term trials to fully evaluate the potential of elafibranor in PSC.”PSC is a rare  chronic liver disease characterized by inflammation and scarring of the bile ducts  which can lead to liver damage and eventually liver failure. The exact cause of PSC is unknown  but it is often associated with other autoimmune conditions  such as inflammatory bowel disease. Symptoms of PSC can include itching  fatigue  jaundice  and abdominal pain. Over time  PSC can result in complications like bile duct infections  liver cirrhosis  and an increased risk of liver cancer. Currently  there are no FDA or EMA approved therapies for the treatment of PSC.About ELMWOODThe ELMWOOD phase II study is a randomized  double-blind  placebo-controlled study which evaluated the safety and efficacy of elafibranor in treating PSC  a rare liver disease. Conducted over 12 weeks  the trial involved 68 patients who were randomized to receive either elafibranor (80 mg or 120 mg) or a placebo. The primary endpoint was the safety and tolerability of elafibranor versus placebo. Additional endpoints included change from baseline in liver biochemistry values  non-invasive markers of fibrosis  and patient-reported outcomes  including pruritus according to the Worst Itch Numeric Rating Scale (WI NRS). The open-label 96-week extension evaluating the safety and efficacy of elafibranor 120 mg remains ongoing.About elafibranorElafibranor is an oral peroxisome proliferator-activated receptor (PPAR) agonist  which exerts an effect on PPARα and PPARδ. Activation of PPARα and PPARδ decreases bile toxicity and improves cholestasis by modulating bile acid synthesis  detoxification and transporters. Activation of PPARα and PPARδ also has anti-inflammatory effects by acting on different pathways. In 2019  elafibranor was granted Breakthrough Therapy Designation by the U.S Food and Drug Administration (FDA) in adults with Primary Biliary Cholangitis (PBC) who have an inadequate response to ursodeoxycholic acid (UDCA) the existing first-line therapy for PBC. Elafibranor under the brand name IQIRVO® was granted U.S. FDA accelerated approval in June 2024  EU conditional approval by the European Commission (EC) in September 2024 and UK Medicines and Healthcare products Regulatory Agency (MHRA) approval in October 2024  for the treatment of PBC in combination with ursodeoxycholic acid (UDCA) in adults who have an inadequate response to UDCA  or as monotherapy in patients unable to tolerate UDCA. The FDA  EC and MHRA approvals are contingent on the further verification of clinical benefit. Elafibranor was developed by GENFIT. Ipsen licensed the exclusive worldwide rights (except China  Hong Kong  Taiwan and Macau) to elafibranor from GENFIT in 2021.Please see full Prescribing Information for IQIRVO in the U.S.Please see full Prescribing Information for IQIRVO in the E.U.ENDSAbout IpsenWe are a global biopharmaceutical company with a focus on bringing transformative medicines to patients in three therapeutic areas: Oncology  Rare Disease and Neuroscience.Our pipeline is fueled by external innovation and supported by nearly 100 years of development experience and global hubs in the U.S.  France and the U.K. Our teams in more than 40 countries and our partnerships around the world enable us to bring medicines to patients in more than 80 countries.Ipsen is listed in Paris (Euronext: IPN) and in the U.S. through a Sponsored Level I American Depositary Receipt program (ADR: IPSEY). For more information  visit ipsen.com.Ipsen contactsInvestorsKhalid DEOJEE | + 33 6 66 01 95 26 | khalid.deojee@ipsen.comMediaSally Bain | +1 8573200517 | sally.bain@ipsen.com| Anne Liontas | + 33 7 67 34 72 96 | anne.liontas.ext@ipsen.comDisclaimers and/or Forward-Looking StatementsThe forward-looking statements  objectives and targets contained herein are based on Ipsen’s management strategy  current views and assumptions. Such statements involve known and unknown risks and uncertainties that may cause actual results  performance or events to differ materially from those anticipated herein. All of the above risks could affect Ipsen’s future ability to achieve its financial targets  which were set assuming reasonable macroeconomic conditions based on the information available today. Use of the words ‘believes’  ‘anticipates’ and ‘expects’ and similar expressions are intended to identify forward-looking statements  including Ipsen’s expectations regarding future events  including regulatory filings and determinations. Moreover  the targets described in this document were prepared without taking into account external-growth assumptions and potential future acquisitions  which may alter these parameters. These objectives are based on data and assumptions regarded as reasonable by Ipsen. These targets depend on conditions or facts likely to happen in the future  and not exclusively on historical data. Actual results may depart significantly from these targets given the occurrence of certain risks and uncertainties  notably the fact that a promising medicine in early development phase or clinical trial may end up never being launched on the market or reaching its commercial targets  notably for regulatory or competition reasons. Ipsen must face or might face competition from generic medicine that might translate into a loss of market share. Furthermore  the research and development process involves several stages each of which involves the substantial risk that Ipsen may fail to achieve its objectives and be forced to abandon its efforts with regards to a medicine in which it has invested significant sums. Therefore  Ipsen cannot be certain that favorable results obtained during preclinical trials will be confirmed subsequently during clinical trials  or that the results of clinical trials will be sufficient to demonstrate the safe and effective nature of the medicine concerned. There can be no guarantees a medicine will receive the necessary regulatory approvals or that the medicine will prove to be commercially successful. If underlying assumptions prove inaccurate or risks or uncertainties materialize  actual results may differ materially from those set forth in the forward-looking statements. Other risks and uncertainties include but are not limited to  general industry conditions and competition; general economic factors  including interest rate and currency exchange rate fluctuations; the impact of pharmaceutical industry regulation and healthcare legislation; global trends toward healthcare cost containment; technological advances  new medicine and patents attained by competitors; challenges inherent in new-medicine development  including obtaining regulatory approval; Ipsen’s ability to accurately predict future market conditions; manufacturing difficulties or delays; financial instability of international economies and sovereign risk; dependence on the effectiveness of Ipsen’s patents and other protections for innovative medicines; and the exposure to litigation  including patent litigation  and/or regulatory actions. Ipsen also depends on third parties to develop and market some of its medicines which could potentially generate substantial royalties; these partners could behave in such ways which could cause damage to Ipsen’s activities and financial results. Ipsen cannot be certain that its partners will fulfil their obligations. It might be unable to obtain any benefit from those agreements. A default by any of Ipsen’s partners could generate lower revenues than expected. Such situations could have a negative impact on Ipsen’s business  financial position or performance. Ipsen expressly disclaims any obligation or undertaking to update or revise any forward-looking statements  targets or estimates contained in this press release to reflect any change in events  conditions  assumptions or circumstances on which any such statements are based  unless so required by applicable law. Ipsen’s business is subject to the risk factors outlined in its registration documents filed with the French Autorité des Marchés Financiers. The risks and uncertainties set out are not exhaustive and the reader is advised to refer to Ipsen’s latest Universal Registration Document  available on ipsen.com.ReferencesLevy. C. et al. Elafibranor for primary sclerosing cholangitis: The ELMWOOD phase II randomised controlled trial. European Association for the Study of the Liver (EASL) congress  2025. Abstract LB25222Attachment",neutral,0.14,0.77,0.09,mixed,0.22,0.15,0.63,True,English,"['second potential rare liver disease indication', 'Late-breaking elafibranor primary sclerosing cholangitis', 'favorable safety profile', 'PSC) data', 'significant efficacy', 'Worst Itch Numeric Rating Scale', 'investigational Phase II ELMWOOD study', 'The ELMWOOD phase II study', 'Phase II ELMWOOD trial data', 'randomized, double-blind, placebo-controlled study', 'other biochemical liver parameters', 'rare, chronic liver disease', 'other autoimmune conditions', 'liver biochemical parameters', 'Executive Vice President', 'PPARα/δ agonist', 'larger longer-term trials', 'inflammatory bowel disease', 'open-label 96-week extension', 'rare liver disease', 'important biochemical markers', 'multiple liver diseases', 'serious liver disease', 'liver biochemistry values', 'bile duct infections', 'significant unmet need', 'primary sclerosing cholangitis', 'Treatment-emergent adverse events', 'Serious adverse events', 'Miami Miller School', 'Enhanced Liver Fibrosis', 'first time data', 'significant dose-dependent reductions', 'favorable safety profile', '12-week study', 'disease progression', 'significant reductions', 'liver transplantation', 'liver damage', 'liver failure', 'liver cirrhosis', 'liver cancer', 'bile ducts', 'significant improvement', 'non-invasive markers', 'primary endpoint', 'dose-dependent efficacy', 'efficacy data', 'alkaline phosphatase', 'breaking abstract', 'European Association', 'EASL) congress', 'oral presentation', 'ongoing commitment', 'Christelle Huguet', 'alanine aminotransferase', 'gamma-glutamyl transferase', 'WI NRS', 'Cynthia Levy', 'exact cause', 'abdominal pain', 'Additional endpoints', 'patient-reported outcomes', 'tolerability profile', 'efficacy benefits', 'treatment discontinuation', 'positive safety', 'potential treatments', 'Similar findings', 'Clinical Medicine', 'treatment options', 'elafibranor 120 m', 'Efficacy results', 'elafibranor 80 mg', '120 mg', 'improvements', '12 weeks', 'people', 'PSC', 'Patients', 'ALP', 'Stabilization', 'pruritus', 'PARIS', 'FRANCE', '24 April', 'Ipsen', 'Euronext', 'IPN', 'ADR', 'IPSEY', 'late', '10 May', '11.15 CET', 'testament', 'PhD', 'Head', 'Research', 'Development', 'action', 'none', '103.2 U/L', '−171.1 U', '+32.1 U', 'ALT', 'GGT', 'ELF', 'score', 'MD', 'Professor', 'Hepatology', 'University', 'Florida', 'prognosis', 'inflammation', 'Symptoms', 'itching', 'fatigue', 'jaundice', 'complications', 'risk', 'FDA', 'EMA', 'therapies', 'change', 'baseline']",2025-04-24,2025-04-25,globenewswire.com
50281,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2025/04/24/3067748/0/en/Lectra-Q1-2025-financial-report-available.html,Lectra: Q1 2025 financial report available,Q1 2025 financial report available  Paris  April 24  2025 – Lectra informs its shareholders  in compliance with Article 221-4-IV of the General...,About Lectra :At the forefront of innovation since its founding in 1973  Lectra provides industrial intelligence technology solutions—combining software in SaaS mode  cutting equipment  data  and associated services—to players in the fashion  automotive and furniture industries. With boldness and passion  Lectra accelerates the transformation and success of its customers in a world in perpetual motion thanks to the key technologies of Industry 4.0: AI  big data  cloud and the Internet of Things.The Group is present in more than one hundred countries. It operates three production sites for its cutting equipment  located in France  China and the United States. Lectra's 3 000 employees are driven by three core values: being open-minded thinkers  trusted partners and passionate innovators. They all share the same concern for social responsibility  which is one of the pillars of Lectra's strategy to ensure its sustainable growth and that of its customers.Lectra reported revenues of €527 million in 2024  including €77 million coming from its SaaS offerings. The company is listed on Euronext  and is included in the CAC All Shares  CAC Technology  EN Tech Leaders and ENT PEA-PME 150 indices.For more information  please visit lectra.com.,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,neutral,0.06,0.93,0.01,True,English,"['Q1 2025 financial report', 'Lectra', 'industrial intelligence technology solutions', 'one hundred countries', 'three production sites', 'three core values', 'EN Tech Leaders', 'ENT PEA-PME 150 indices', 'CAC All Shares', 'CAC Technology', 'SaaS mode', 'furniture industries', 'perpetual motion', 'key technologies', 'The Group', 'United States', 'minded thinkers', 'trusted partners', 'passionate innovators', 'same concern', 'social responsibility', 'sustainable growth', 'SaaS offerings', 'big data', 'cutting equipment', 'Lectra', 'forefront', 'innovation', 'founding', 'software', 'services', 'players', 'fashion', 'automotive', 'boldness', 'transformation', 'success', 'customers', 'world', 'Industry 4.0', 'cloud', 'Internet', 'Things', 'France', 'China', '3,000 employees', 'pillars', 'strategy', 'revenues', 'company', 'Euronext', 'information']",2025-04-24,2025-04-25,globenewswire.com
50282,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2025/04/24/3067105/0/en/Quadient-Named-a-Leader-in-the-SPARK-Matrix-Customer-Communication-Management-Report-for-2025.html,Quadient Named a Leader in the SPARK Matrix™: Customer Communication Management Report for 2025,Quadient Named a Leader in the SPARK Matrix™: Customer Communication Management Report for 2025   QKS Group recognizes Quadient for its advanced...,Quadient Named a Leader in the SPARK Matrix™: Customer Communication Management Report for 2025QKS Group recognizes Quadient for its advanced AI-powered capabilities that simplify and enhance the creation and orchestration of hyper-personalized and impactful customer interactionsQuadient (Euronext Paris: QDT)  a global automation platform powering secure and sustainable business connections  has been recognized as a Leader in the SPARK Matrix™: Customer Communication Management (CCM)  Q2  2025 report by global advisory and consulting firm QKS Group. This marks the fifth consecutive year Quadient has been named a Leader in the SPARK Matrix for CCM  a strategic vendor performance assessment tool that ranks vendors across the categories of Technology Excellence and Customer Impact.This year’s SPARK Matrix focused heavily on how CCM providers are leveraging artificial intelligence (AI) to make customer interactions more relevant  timely and seamless. Quadient was recognized for its newly extended AI capabilities that include sentiment analysis and scoring  multi-language translation and personally identifiable information (PII) detection. Quadient’s advanced AI features like script assistance significantly improve employee productivity  accuracy and performance by automating complex data transfer and processing tasks.“Quadient continues to deliver strong value in the CCM space through a platform that balances performance  flexibility and innovation ” said Saurabh Raj  senior analyst at QKS Group. “Its focus on supporting high-volume  compliant communications alongside real-time journey orchestration and AI-driven modernization makes it a compelling choice for organizations with complex communication needs. It supports multiple deployment models  including on-premises  hybrid and cloud environments  enabling customers to align technology with their broader IT and regulatory strategies.”Additionally  Quadient was recognized for a differentiated AI strategy that allows organizations using its CCM solution  Quadient Inspire  to leverage their preferred and trusted AI service for assured data security and consistent AI adoption. By using existing AI investments  organizations ensure that AI-driven insights align with their industry-specific needs  security policies and regulatory requirements.Beyond CCM  Quadient’s intelligent automation platform has been consistently recognized as a Leader in the SPARK Matrix for various categories  including customer journey mapping  accounts payable automation and accounts receivable applications.“We are proud to be recognized for the fifth time as a Leader on the SPARK Matrix for CCM and believe this position reflects Quadient’s commitment to driving advancements in AI-powered automation ” said Chris Hartigan  chief solution officer  Digital  Quadient. “Quadient’s AI-powered capabilities enable organizations to craft and deliver hyper-personalized  efficient and impactful customer interactions. By enhancing satisfaction and fostering lasting loyalty  these capabilities not only strengthen customer relationships but also help mitigate the risks of regulatory non-compliance.”For complimentary access to an abridged SPARK Matrix CCM 2025 report  visit: https://www.quadient.com/en/resources/spark-matrix-ccm-2025.About Quadient®Quadient is a global automation platform powering secure and sustainable business connections through digital and physical channels. Quadient supports businesses of all sizes in their digital transformation and growth journey  unlocking operational efficiency and creating meaningful customer experiences. Listed in compartment B of Euronext Paris (QDT) and part of the CAC® Mid & Small and EnterNext® Tech 40 indices  Quadient shares are eligible for PEA-PME investing. For more information about Quadient  visit http://www.quadient.com/en/.ContactsSandy Armstrong  Sterling Kilgore Joe Scolaro  Quadient VP of Media & Communications Global Press Relations Manager +1-630-699-8979 +1 203-301-3673 sarmstrong@sterlingkilgore.com j.scolaro@quadient.comAttachment,neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,positive,0.66,0.32,0.02,True,English,"['Customer Communication Management Report', 'SPARK Matrix™', 'Quadient', 'Leader', '2025', 'strategic vendor performance assessment tool', 'Global Press Relations Manager', 'Sterling Kilgore Joe Scolaro', 'Customer Communication Management Report', 'fifth consecutive year Quadient', 'SPARK Matrix CCM 2025 report', 'sustainable business connections', 'multiple deployment models', 'accounts receivable applications', 'EnterNext® Tech 40 indices', 'complex communication needs', 'accounts payable automation', 'meaningful customer experiences', 'advanced AI features', 'differentiated AI strategy', 'trusted AI service', 'consistent AI adoption', 'existing AI investments', 'complex data transfer', 'chief solution officer', 'impactful customer interactions', 'customer journey mapping', 'global automation platform', 'intelligent automation platform', 'personally identifiable information', 'high-volume, compliant communications', 'real-time journey orchestration', 'advanced AI-powered capabilities', 'AI-powered automation', 'global advisory', 'fifth time', 'Customer Impact', 'customer relationships', 'growth journey', 'SPARK Matrix™', 'AI capabilities', 'data security', 'industry-specific needs', 'CCM solution', 'QKS Group', 'Euronext Paris', 'consulting firm', 'artificial intelligence', 'sentiment analysis', 'multi-language translation', 'PII) detection', 'script assistance', 'employee productivity', 'processing tasks', 'strong value', 'Saurabh Raj', 'senior analyst', 'AI-driven modernization', 'compelling choice', 'cloud environments', 'broader IT', 'regulatory strategies', 'AI-driven insights', 'security policies', 'regulatory requirements', 'Chris Hartigan', 'lasting loyalty', 'regulatory non-compliance', 'complimentary access', 'physical channels', 'operational efficiency', 'compartment B', 'CAC® Mid', 'PEA-PME investing', 'Sandy Armstrong', 'CCM providers', 'CCM space', 'Technology Excellence', 'various categories', 'hyper-personalized, efficient', 'digital transformation', 'Quadient Inspire', 'Quadient shares', 'Quadient VP', 'Quadient®', 'Leader', 'creation', 'QDT', 'secure', 'vendors', 'scoring', 'accuracy', 'flexibility', 'innovation', 'organizations', 'premises', 'hybrid', 'customers', 'preferred', 'position', 'commitment', 'advancements', 'satisfaction', 'risks', 'resources', 'spark-matrix', 'businesses', 'sizes', 'Small', 'Contacts', 'Media', 'sterlingkilgore', 'Attachment']",2025-04-24,2025-04-25,globenewswire.com
50283,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2025/04/24/3067781/0/en/Atos-completes-reverse-stock-split.html,Atos completes reverse stock split,Press release  Atos completes reverse stock split  Paris  France - April 24  2025 – Atos SE (the “Company”) announces today the completion of the...,Press releaseAtos completes reverse stock splitParis  France - April 24  2025 – Atos SE (the “Company”) announces today the completion of the reverse stock split of the shares comprising its share capital  as decided by the Board of Directors on March 6  2025  following the delegation of powers by the shareholders’ combined General Meeting of January 31  2025 (29th resolution).The reverse stock split is a purely technical exchange transaction with no direct impact on the total value of the Company’s shares held by each shareholder.Terms and conditions of the reverse stock splitThe main terms of this reverse stock split  as detailed in the notice of reverse stock split published in the Bulletin des Annonces Légales Obligatoires (BALO) on March 10  2025 and in the press release published by the Company on March 7  2025  are as follows:Basis of the reverse stock split : exchange of 10 000 old shares with a par value of €0.0001 for 1 new share with a par value of €1.: exchange of 10 000 old shares with a par value of €0.0001 for 1 new share with a par value of €1. Number of old shares subject to the reverse stock split : 190 358 728 519 shares with a par value of 0.0001€.: 190 358 728 519 shares with a par value of 0.0001€. Number of new shares resulting from the reverse stock split : 19 035 872 shares with a par value of 1€.: 19 035 872 shares with a par value of 1€. Centralization: the new shares resulting from the reverse stock split were admitted to trading on the regulated market of Euronext in Paris from April 24  2025  the first day of trading  under ISIN code FR001400X2S4.The new shares resulting from the reverse stock split are eligible for the DSS (Deferred Settlement Service) with effect from today.Shareholders holding a multiple of 10 000 shares do not need to take any action. These shares were automatically consolidated by their financial intermediary on the basis of 1 new share (€1 par value) for each block of 10 000 old shares (€0.0001 par value).Shareholders who were unable to obtain a number of old shares forming a multiple of 10 000 will be compensated for their fractional rights by their financial intermediary within 30 days of April 24  2025  i.e.  until May 25  2025 inclusive. Shareholders are invited to contact their financial intermediary if they have any questions on this subject.Adjustment of the exercise parity for the Warrants issued by the CompanyOn March 6  2025  the Board of Directors  using the delegation of powers granted by the shareholders’ combined General Meeting of January 31  2025 (29th resolution)  decided to adjust the exercise parity of the share subscription warrants issued by the Company on December 18  2024 (the “Warrants”) in accordance with the terms set out below  which are included in the reverse stock split notice published in the BALO on March 10  2025.As a result of the reverse stock split  the exercise parity of the Warrants corresponds to the product of (i) the exercise parity in force before the start of the reverse stock split and (ii) the ratio between the number of new shares comprising the Company’s share capital after the reverse stock split and the number of old shares comprising the Company’s share capital before the reverse stock split  i.e. 1/10 000  i.e. a maximum number of new ordinary shares to which the Warrants give entitlement in the event of exercise after this reverse stock split  of 1 107 589 new ordinary shares in the Company with a par value of one euro each on exercise of the Warrants.Adjustment of the rights of beneficiaries of free allocations of sharesBy decision of the Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of April 24  2025  the rights of beneficiaries of free share allocations under the Company’s current free share allocation plans were adjusted to take account of reverse stock split transactions.As a result  the number of rights allocated to each plan beneficiary will correspond to the product of (i) the number of rights allocated to each plan beneficiary before the start of the reverse stock split  and (ii) the ratio between the number of new shares comprising the Company’s share capital after the reverse stock split and the number of existing shares comprising the Company’s share capital before the reverse stock split  i.e. 1/10 000  it being specified that where the number of rights calculated in this way is not a whole number  the number of rights allocated to the beneficiary will  for each holder  be rounded down to the nearest whole number  in accordance with the doctrine of the tax authorities.Timetable of upcoming operationsApril 24  2025 Effective date of the reverse stock split and first day of trading of new shares (ISIN code: FR001400X2S4) From April 24 to May 25  2025 Compensation period for shareholders with fractional rights through their financial intermediaries April 28  2025 Restart of the period of suspension of exercise of the Warrants***About AtosAtos is a global leader in digital transformation with circa 74 000 employees and annual revenue of circa €10 billion. European number one in cybersecurity  cloud and high-performance computing  the Group provides tailored end-to-end solutions for all industries in 68 countries. A pioneer in decarbonization services and products  Atos is committed to a secure and decarbonized digital for its clients. Atos is a SE (Societas Europaea) and listed on Euronext Paris.The purpose of Atos is to help design the future of the information space. Its expertise and services support the development of knowledge  education and research in a multicultural approach and contribute to the development of scientific and technological excellence. Across the world  the Group enables its customers and employees  and members of societies at large to live  work and develop sustainably  in a safe and secure information space.ContactsInvestor relations:David Pierre-Kahn | investors@atos.net | +33 6 28 51 45 96Sofiane El Amri | investors@atos.net | +33 6 29 34 85 67Individual shareholders: +33 8 05 65 00 75Press contact: globalprteam@atos.netAttachment,neutral,0.01,0.99,0.01,positive,0.68,0.32,0.0,True,English,"['reverse stock split', 'Atos', 'current free share allocation plans', 'Annonces Légales Obligatoires', 'shareholders’ combined General Meeting', 'reverse stock split transactions', 'reverse stock split notice', 'Deferred Settlement Service', 'Chief Executive Officer', 'free share allocations', 'technical exchange transaction', 'new ordinary shares', 'share subscription warrants', 'free allocations', '1 new share', 'share capital', 'Press release', '29th resolution', 'direct impact', 'total value', 'Bulletin des', 'regulated market', 'first day', 'ISIN code', 'financial intermediary', 'one euro', 'nearest whole', 'tax authorities', 'upcoming operations', 'Effective date', 'financial intermediaries', 'global leader', 'digital transformation', 'annual revenue', 'par value', 'new shares', '10,000 old shares', 'existing shares', 'plan beneficiary', 'exercise parity', 'Compensation period', 'main terms', 'Atos SE', 'fractional rights', 'maximum number', '358,728,519 shares', '19,035,872 shares', '10,000 shares', 'Paris', 'France', 'April', 'Company', 'completion', 'Board', 'Directors', 'March', 'delegation', 'powers', 'January', 'conditions', 'BALO', 'Basis', 'Centralization', 'Euronext', 'trading', 'DSS', 'today', 'multiple', 'block', '30 days', 'May', 'questions', 'subject', 'Adjustment', 'December', 'accordance', 'result', 'product', 'force', 'start', 'entitlement', 'event', 'beneficiaries', 'decision', 'Chairman', 'account', 'way', 'doctrine', 'Timetable', 'suspension', 'circa', '74,000 employees', 'Europ', '€']",2025-04-24,2025-04-25,globenewswire.com
50284,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2025/04/24/3067072/0/en/ONWARD-Medical-Establishes-US-ADR-Program-and-Begins-Trading-on-OTCQX-Best-Market.html,ONWARD Medical Establishes US ADR Program and Begins Trading on OTCQX Best Market,ONWARD Medical Establishes US ADR Program and Begins Trading on OTCQX Best Market ......,"Sponsored Level 1 ADR program facilitates trading by US investors following recent FDA clearance and commercial launchBNY will be ADR depositary bankTicker symbol for US investors is ONWRYEINDHOVEN  the Netherlands  April 24  2025 (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) -- ONWARD Medical N.V. (Euronext: ONWD and OTCQX: ONWRY)  the medical technology company creating innovative spinal cord stimulation therapies to restore movement  function  and independence in people with spinal cord injury (SCI) and other movement disabilities  today announces it has established a sponsored Level 1 American Depositary Receipt (""ADR"") program in the United States through the Bank of New York Mellon (""BNY"")  and its ADRs have begun trading on the OTCQX® Best Market under the symbol ONWRY.“Establishing an ADR program with BNY facilitates trading by US institutional investors  many of whom have expressed interest in supporting ONWARD but prefer to transact in US dollars and in US traded instruments ” said Dave Marver  CEO of ONWARD Medical. “This ADR program and our new trading platform on OTCQX will make it easier for qualified US institutional and retail investors to participate in our growth.”“As a market leader in the Depositary Receipts market  having delivered customized and market-driven solutions for issuers  brokers and investors for decades  BNY is pleased to work with ONWARD Medical on the important step to expand its presence in the US market ” said Christopher Kearns  Global Head of Depositary Receipts at BNY.“We are proud to announce the addition of ONWARD Medical to the OTCQX Market ” said Jason Paltrowitz  EVP of Corporate Services at OTC Markets. “This milestone not only marks a significant achievement for the company but also highlights the interplay between the European capital markets and US investors seeking new investment opportunities.”The ADR program and accompanying OTCQX upgrade are expected to improve ONWARD's US investor access  with the goal to broaden the Company's shareholder base and increase stock liquidity. An ADR is a negotiable depositary receipt denominated in US dollars and representing ownership of foreign shares in a non-US company. ADRs are specially designed to make it easier for American investors to purchase  hold and sell an US instrument representing non-US securities. BNY acts as the depositary bank and transfer agent for ONWARD’s ADR program and one ONWARD ADR represents one ordinary share.US investors can find current financial disclosure and Real-Time Level 2 quotes for the Company on www.otcmarkets.com. The Company also expects many of the leading US investor platforms to provide quotes and information  searchable by the ticker ONWRY.To learn more about ONWARD's commitment to partnering with the Spinal Cord Injury (SCI) Community to develop innovative solutions for restoring movement  function  and independence after spinal cord injury  please visit ONWD.com.For US investors  visit: https://ir.onwd.com/us-investors-0To be kept informed about the Company's technologies  research studies  and the availability of therapies in your area  please complete this webform.About ONWARD MedicalONWARD Medical is a medical technology company creating therapies to restore movement  function  and independence in people with SCI and other movement disabilities. Building on more than a decade of scientific discovery  preclinical research  and clinical studies conducted at leading hospitals  rehabilitation clinics  and neuroscience laboratories  the Company has developed ARC Therapy  which has been awarded ten Breakthrough Device Designations from the US Food and Drug Administration (FDA). The Company’s ARC-EX System is cleared for commercial sale in the US. In addition  the Company is developing an investigational implantable system called ARC-IM with and without an implanted brain-computer interface (BCI).Headquartered in the Netherlands  the Company has a Science and Engineering Center in Switzerland and a US office in Boston  Massachusetts. The Company is listed on Euronext Paris  Brussels  and Amsterdam (ticker: ONWD) and its US ADRs can be traded on OTCQX (ticker: ONWRY).For more information  visit ONWD.com and connect with us on LinkedIn and YouTube.To be kept informed about the Company’s technologies  research studies  and the availability of therapies in your area  please complete this webform.For Media Inquiries:media@onwd.comFor Investor Inquiries:investors@onwd.comDisclaimerCertain statements  beliefs  and opinions in this press release are forward-looking  which reflect the Company’s or  as appropriate  the Company directors’ current expectations and projections about future events. By their nature  forward-looking statements involve several risks  uncertainties  and assumptions that could cause actual results or events to differ materially from those expressed or implied by the forward-looking statements. These risks  uncertainties  and assumptions could adversely affect the outcome and financial effects of the plans and events described herein. A multitude of factors including  but not limited to  delays in regulatory approvals  changes in demand  competition  and technology  can cause actual events  performance  or results to differ significantly from any anticipated development. Forward-looking statements contained in this press release regarding past trends or activities should not be taken as a representation that such trends or activities will continue in the future. As a result  the Company expressly disclaims any obligation or undertaking to release any update or revisions to any forward-looking statements in this press release as a result of any change in expectations or any change in events  conditions  assumptions  or circumstances on which these forward-looking statements are based. Neither the Company nor its advisers or representatives nor any of its subsidiary undertakings or any such person’s officers or employees guarantees that the assumptions underlying such forward-looking statements are free from errors nor does either accept any responsibility for the future accuracy of the forward-looking statements contained in this press release or the actual occurrence of the forecasted developments. You should not place undue reliance on forward-looking statements  which speak only as of the date of this press release.Trademarks: ONWARD  ARC-EX  ARC-IM  ARC-BCI  and the stylized O-Logo are proprietary and registered trademarks of ONWARD Medical. Unauthorized use is strictly prohibited.",neutral,0.03,0.97,0.0,mixed,0.33,0.27,0.4,True,English,"['US ADR Program', 'OTCQX Best Market', 'ONWARD Medical', 'Trading', 'innovative spinal cord stimulation therapies', 'ten Breakthrough Device Designations', 'ADR depositary bank Ticker symbol', 'Level 1 American Depositary Receipt', 'ONWARD Medical N.V.', 'leading US investor platforms', 'spinal cord injury', 'negotiable depositary receipt', 'New York Mellon', 'new investment opportunities', 'one ordinary share', 'European capital markets', 'investigational implantable system', 'Real-Time Level 2 quotes', 'US traded instruments', 'qualified US institutional', 'US investor access', 'Depositary Receipts market', 'Level 1 ADR program', 'recent FDA clearance', 'current financial disclosure', 'accompanying OTCQX upgrade', 'other movement disabilities', 'new trading platform', 'one ONWARD ADR', 'OTCQX® Best Market', 'US institutional investors', 'medical technology company', 'innovative solutions', 'leading hospitals', 'Investor Inquiries', 'American investors', 'ADR"") program', 'US market', 'An ADR', 'OTC Markets', 'ARC-EX System', 'current expectations', 'financial effects', 'market leader', 'US dollars', 'US instrument', 'US securities', 'US Food', 'US office', 'OTCQX Market', 'US investors', 'commercial launch', 'GLOBE NEWSWIRE', 'United States', 'Dave Marver', 'market-driven solutions', 'important step', 'Christopher Kearns', 'Global Head', 'Jason Paltrowitz', 'Corporate Services', 'significant achievement', 'shareholder base', 'stock liquidity', 'foreign shares', 'transfer agent', 'research studies', 'a decade', 'scientific discovery', 'preclinical research', 'clinical studies', 'rehabilitation clinics', 'neuroscience laboratories', 'ARC Therapy', 'Drug Administration', 'commercial sale', 'brain-computer interface', 'Engineering Center', 'Media Inquiries', 'press release', 'actual results', 'retail investors', 'US company', 'forward-looking statements', 'US ADRs', 'Euronext Paris', 'several risks', 'The Company', 'SCI) Community', 'future events', 'ONWD.com', 'BNY', 'ONWRY', 'EINDHOVEN', 'Netherlands', 'function', 'independence', 'people', 'interest', 'CEO', 'growth', 'customized', 'issuers', 'brokers', 'decades', 'presence', 'addition', 'EVP', 'milestone', 'interplay', 'goal', 'ownership', 'otcmarkets', 'information', 'commitment', 'restoring', 'technologies', 'availability', 'area', 'webform', 'BCI', 'Switzerland', 'Boston', 'Massachusetts', 'Brussels', 'Amsterdam', 'LinkedIn', 'YouTube', 'Disclaimer', 'beliefs', 'opinions', 'projections', 'nature', 'uncertainties', 'assumptions', 'outcome', 'plans', 'multitude', 'factors']",2025-04-24,2025-04-25,globenewswire.com
50285,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2025/04/24/3067682/0/en/Transgene-Provides-Business-and-Financial-Update-for-Q1-2025.html,Transgene Provides Business and Financial Update for Q1 2025,TG4050: Updated randomized Phase I data to be presented in Rapid Oral Presentation at ASCO 2025  Dr. Simone Steiner appointed Chief Technical Officer......,TG4050: Updated randomized Phase I data to be presented in Rapid Oral Presentation at ASCO 2025Dr. Simone Steiner appointed Chief Technical Officer (CTO)Business funded until the end of April 2026Strasbourg  France  April 24  2025  5:45 p.m. CET – Transgene (Euronext Paris: TNG)  a biotech company that designs and develops virus-based immunotherapies for the treatment of cancer  today provides a business update  including its financial position as of March 31  2025.Key events and upcoming milestonesOver the first quarter of 2025  all of Transgene’s preclinical and clinical assets progressed in line with expectations.Individualized neoantigen therapeutic cancer vaccine (TG4050)Transgene will deliver a rapid oral presentation on TG4050  its lead individualized neoantigen therapeutic cancer vaccine based on its myvac® platform and powered by NEC’s AI technologies  at the American Society of Clinical Oncology (ASCO) 2025 annual meeting in Chicago (USA).This oral presentation  which will take place on June 1  2025  is part of a session that highlights clinical data that stood out among many submissions.The updated data will include disease-free survival (DFS) data at 24-month follow-up for all patients in the Phase I part of the trial evaluating TG4050 as adjuvant treatment for head and neck cancer.As the treatment landscape evolves  these updated clinical data in the adjuvant treatment of operable head and neck cancer will be instrumental in determining TG4050’s optimal development path towards registration in this indication.In the Phase II part of the trial  patient enrollment continues to progress at a good pace and randomization is expected to be completed on schedule in Q4 2025.The myvac® individualized cancer vaccine platform can be applied across a range of solid tumors where in many cases a significant unmet medical need remains. Consequently  Transgene is starting initial preparations for a new Phase I trial in a second undisclosed indication in an early treatment setting  with the aim to initiate the trial in Q4 2025.TG4001The Company will present a poster on clinical data from the randomized Phase II trial of TG4001 in combination with avelumab in HPV16-positive recurrent/metastatic anogenital and cervical cancer at ASCO. While the primary endpoint of the Phase II study was not met  positive signals in the cervical cancer subgroup have been observed and further details will be included in the poster presentation.The abstracts will be available on the ASCO website on May 22  2025  at 5 p.m. ET.GovernanceDr. Simone Steiner joined Transgene as Chief Technical Officer (CTO) on April 1  2025. She is responsible for manufacturing and process development for Transgene’s innovative immunotherapy product pipeline and leads the optimization of the manufacturing process for individualized neoantigen therapeutic vaccines. She is also involved in the development of potential new candidates based on the myvac® platform  as well as in planning potential future clinical studies.Dr. Steiner reports to Chairman and CEO  Alessandro Riva  and is a member of the Executive Committee.Upcoming milestonesTG4050 24-month follow-up data of all patients recruitedin the Ph. I part - Rapid Oral Presentation ASCO annual conference (June 1  2025) Ph. II part - Randomization complete Q4 2025 Other indication - Additional Ph. I trial to start Q4 2025 TG4001 Clinical data to be presented – cervical cancerPoster ASCO annual conference (June 2  2025) TG6050 Initial data expected (Phase I) Q2 2025 BT-001 Updated data expected (Phase I/IIa) H2 2025Operating revenueQ1 In millions of euros 2025 2024 Research Tax Credit 2.3 1.6 Revenue from collaborative and licensing agreements 0.1 - Other income 0.1 0.1 Operating revenue 2.5 1.7During the first quarter of 2025  operating revenue mostly comprised Research Tax Credit of 2.3 million compared to €1.6 million for the same period in 2024. This increase reflects the progress of the ongoing Phase II part of the clinical trial evaluating TG4050 in head and neck cancer.Cash  cash equivalents and other financial assetsCash  cash equivalents and other financial assets stood at €15.6 million as of March 31  2025  compared to €16.7 million as of December 31  2024. In the first quarter of 2025  Transgene’s net cash burn was €14.8 million compared to €11.2 million for the same period in 2024. This results from progress in the Phase II part of the trial evaluating TG4050 in head and neck cancer  with sustained patient enrollment and related expenses  including the manufacturing of individualized batches.In March 2025  the Company signed a new amendment to the current account advance agreement with TSGH (Institut Mérieux)  which increases the total amount of the facility by €15 million to €48 million. The Company has drawn down €22.5 million from this facility as of March 31  2025.With this credit facility and the support of TSGH (Institut Mérieux)  Transgene is now able to fund its business until the end of April 2026  enabling the Company to reach important development milestones and deliver significant news flow on its portfolio.***About TransgeneTransgene (Euronext: TNG) is a biotechnology company focused on designing and developing targeted immunotherapies for the treatment of cancer. The Company’s clinical-stage programs consist of a portfolio of viral vector-based immunotherapeutics. TG4050  the first individualized therapeutic vaccine based on the myvac® platform is the Company’s lead asset  with demonstrated proof of principle in patients in the adjuvant treatment of head and neck cancers. The portfolio also includes other viral-vector-based immunotherapies: TG4001 for the treatment of HPV-positive cancers  as well as BT-001 and TG6050  two oncolytic viruses based on the Invir.IO® viral backbone. The Company also conducts innovative discovery and preclinical work  aimed at developing novel viral vector-based modalities.With Transgene’s myvac® platform  therapeutic vaccination enters the field of precision medicine with a novel immunotherapy that is fully tailored to each individual. The myvac® approach allows the generation of a virus-based immunotherapy that encodes patient-specific mutations identified and selected by Artificial Intelligence capabilities provided by its partner NEC.With its proprietary platform Invir.IO®  Transgene is building on its viral vector engineering expertise to design a new generation of multifunctional oncolytic viruses.Additional information about Transgene is available at: www.transgene.frFollow us on social media: X (formerly Twitter): @TransgeneSA — LinkedIn: @Transgene — Bluesky: @TransgeneContactsMedia: Investors & Analysts: Caroline Tosch Lucie Larguier Corporate and Scientific Communications Manager Chief Financial Officer (CFO) +33 (0)3 68 33 27 38 Nadege Bartoli communication@transgene.fr Investor Relations Analystand Financial Communications Officer MEDiSTRAVA +33 (0)3 88 27 91 00/03 Frazer Hall/Sylvie Berrebi investorrelations@transgene.fr + 44 (0)203 928 6900 transgene@medistrava.comDisclaimerThis press release contains forward-looking statements  which are subject to numerous risks and uncertainties  which could cause actual results to differ materially from those anticipated. The occurrence of any of these risks could have a significant negative outcome for the Company’s activities  perspectives  financial situation  results  regulatory authorities’ agreement with development phases  and development. The Company’s ability to commercialize its products depends on but is not limited to the following factors: positive pre-clinical data may not be predictive of human clinical results  the success of clinical studies  the ability to obtain financing and/or partnerships for product manufacturing  development and commercialization  and marketing approval by government regulatory authorities. For a discussion of risks and uncertainties which could cause the Company’s actual results  financial condition  performance or achievements to differ from those contained in the forward-looking statements  please refer to the Risk Factors (“Facteurs de Risque”) section of the Universal Registration Document  available on the AMF website (http://www.amf-france.org) or on Transgene’s website (www.transgene.fr). Forward-looking statements speak only as of the date on which they are made  and Transgene undertakes no obligation to update these forward-looking statements  even if new information becomes available in the future.Attachment,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,negative,0.01,0.09,0.9,True,English,"['Financial Update', 'Transgene', 'Business', 'Q1', 'lead individualized neoantigen therapeutic cancer vaccine', 'The myvac® individualized cancer vaccine platform', 'Rapid Oral Presentation ASCO annual conference', 'individualized neoantigen therapeutic vaccines', 'significant unmet medical need', 'innovative immunotherapy product pipeline', 'current account advance agreement', 'disease-free survival (DFS) data', 'potential future clinical studies', 'Poster ASCO annual conference', 'ongoing Phase II part', 'randomized Phase I data', 'randomized Phase II trial', 'new Phase I trial', 'TG4050 24-month follow-up data', 'potential new candidates', 'Phase II study', 'Chief Technical Officer', 'HPV16-positive recurrent/metastatic anogenital', 'Institut Mérieux', 'Phase I part', 'Q4 2025 TG4001 Clinical data', '2024 Research Tax Credit', 'cervical cancer subgroup', 'Dr. Simone Steiner', 'Ph. II part', 'optimal development path', 'second undisclosed indication', 'early treatment setting', 'sustained patient enrollment', 'other financial assets', 'net cash burn', 'Operating revenue Q1', 'myvac® platform', 'individualized batches', '2025 annual meeting', 'poster presentation', 'The Company', 'Dr. Steiner', 'clinical assets', 'neck cancer', 'new amendment', 'Initial data', 'Updated data', 'financial position', 'Clinical Oncology', 'ASCO website', 'Other indication', 'Other income', 'clinical trial', 'Euronext Paris', 'virus-based immunotherapies', 'Key events', 'upcoming milestones', 'first quarter', 'AI technologies', 'American Society', 'many submissions', 'adjuvant treatment', 'treatment landscape', 'good pace', 'solid tumors', 'many cases', 'initial preparations', 'primary endpoint', 'positive signals', 'process development', 'Alessandro Riva', 'Executive Committee', 'Additional Ph.', 'licensing agreements', 'same period', 'related expenses', 'total amount', 'credit facility', 'important de', 'cash equivalents', 'biotech company', 'business update', 'manufacturing process', 'operable head', 'CTO', 'April', 'Strasbourg', 'France', 'CET', 'Transgene', 'TNG', 'March', 'preclinical', 'expectations', 'Chicago', 'USA', 'place', 'June', 'session', 'patients', 'registration', 'randomization', 'schedule', 'range', 'aim', 'combination', 'avelumab', 'details', 'abstracts', 'May', 'Governance', 'optimization', 'Chairman', 'CEO', 'member', 'TG6050', 'Q2', 'IIa', 'millions', 'euros', 'collaborative', 'increase', 'progress', 'December', 'TSGH', 'support', '5:45']",2025-04-24,2025-04-25,globenewswire.com
50286,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.etfdailynews.com/2025/04/24/russell-investments-group-ltd-boosts-stake-in-invesco-sp-500-equal-weight-etf-nysearcarsp/,Russell Investments Group Ltd. Boosts Stake in Invesco S&P 500 Equal Weight ETF (NYSEARCA:RSP),Russell Investments Group Ltd. lifted its holdings in shares of Invesco S&P 500 Equal Weight ETF (NYSEARCA:RSP – Free Report) by 60.7% during the 4th quarter  according to its most recent Form 13F filing with the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC). The …,Russell Investments Group Ltd. lifted its holdings in shares of Invesco S&P 500 Equal Weight ETF (NYSEARCA:RSP – Free Report) by 60.7% during the 4th quarter  according to its most recent Form 13F filing with the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC). The fund owned 2 555 shares of the company’s stock after buying an additional 965 shares during the period. Russell Investments Group Ltd.’s holdings in Invesco S&P 500 Equal Weight ETF were worth $448 000 at the end of the most recent reporting period.Several other institutional investors also recently modified their holdings of the business. Barclays PLC lifted its holdings in shares of Invesco S&P 500 Equal Weight ETF by 10.5% during the 3rd quarter. Barclays PLC now owns 649 104 shares of the company’s stock valued at $116 294 000 after buying an additional 61 928 shares during the period. Westside Investment Management Inc. lifted its holdings in Invesco S&P 500 Equal Weight ETF by 157.2% in the third quarter. Westside Investment Management Inc. now owns 1 286 shares of the company’s stock valued at $230 000 after acquiring an additional 786 shares during the period. Tudor Financial Inc. purchased a new position in Invesco S&P 500 Equal Weight ETF in the third quarter worth about $1 833 000. Fulcrum Equity Management grew its stake in shares of Invesco S&P 500 Equal Weight ETF by 566.4% during the 3rd quarter. Fulcrum Equity Management now owns 8 903 shares of the company’s stock valued at $1 595 000 after purchasing an additional 7 567 shares during the period. Finally  World Investment Advisors LLC increased its position in shares of Invesco S&P 500 Equal Weight ETF by 7.6% during the 3rd quarter. World Investment Advisors LLC now owns 20 276 shares of the company’s stock valued at $3 633 000 after purchasing an additional 1 433 shares during the last quarter.Get Invesco S&P 500 Equal Weight ETF alerts:Invesco S&P 500 Equal Weight ETF Trading Up 1.0 %RSP opened at $164.90 on Thursday. The company’s 50 day moving average is $171.09 and its 200 day moving average is $177.19. The company has a market cap of $68.59 billion  a price-to-earnings ratio of 19.70 and a beta of 1.01. Invesco S&P 500 Equal Weight ETF has a 12-month low of $150.35 and a 12-month high of $188.16.About Invesco S&P 500 Equal Weight ETFGuggenheim S&P 500 Equal Weight ETF  formerly Rydex S&P 500 Equal Weight ETF  seeks to replicate as closely as possible  the daily performance of the S&P 500 Equal Weight Index (the Index). The Index is a capitalization-weighted index covering 500 industrial  utility  transportation and financial companies of the United States markets (mostly NYSE Euronext issues).See AlsoWant to see what other hedge funds are holding RSP? Visit HoldingsChannel.com to get the latest 13F filings and insider trades for Invesco S&P 500 Equal Weight ETF (NYSEARCA:RSP – Free Report).Receive News & Ratings for Invesco S&P 500 Equal Weight ETF Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Invesco S&P 500 Equal Weight ETF and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.,neutral,0.04,0.96,0.0,neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,True,English,"['Invesco S&P 500 Equal Weight ETF', 'Russell Investments Group Ltd', 'Stake', 'NYSEARCA', 'RSP', 'Invesco S&P 500 Equal Weight ETF alerts', 'Invesco S&P 500 Equal Weight ETF Trading', 'Guggenheim S&P 500 Equal Weight ETF', 'Rydex S&P 500 Equal Weight ETF', 'S&P 500 Equal Weight Index', 'Russell Investments Group Ltd.', 'World Investment Advisors LLC', 'Several other institutional investors', 'Westside Investment Management Inc.', 'recent Form 13F filing', 'FREE daily email newsletter', 'Fulcrum Equity Management', 'other hedge funds', 'Tudor Financial Inc.', '50 day moving average', '200 day moving average', 'United States markets', 'NYSE Euronext issues', 'latest 13F filings', 'concise daily summary', 'recent reporting period', 'daily performance', 'email address', 'Free Report', 'The Index', 'capitalization-weighted index', 'financial companies', '4th quarter', 'Exchange Commission', 'Barclays PLC', '3rd quarter', 'third quarter', 'last quarter', 'market cap', 'earnings ratio', '12-month low', '12-month high', 'insider trades', 'latest news', 'related companies', 'NYSEARCA:RSP', 'new position', ""analysts' ratings"", 'MarketBeat.com', 'additional 965 shares', 'additional 61,928 shares', 'additional 786 shares', 'additional 7,567 shares', 'additional 1,433 shares', '2,555 shares', '649,104 shares', '1,286 shares', '8,903 shares', '20,276 shares', 'holdings', 'Securities', 'company', 'stock', 'end', 'business', 'stake', 'Thursday', 'beta', 'transportation']",2025-04-24,2025-04-25,etfdailynews.com
50287,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2025/04/24/3067085/0/en/IMCD-announces-CEO-transition.html,IMCD announces CEO transition,"Rotterdam  The Netherlands (24 April 2025) – IMCD N.V. (""IMCD"" or ""Company"")  a global leading partner for the distribution and formulation of speciality chemicals and ingredients  today announces that IMCD and Valerie Diele-Braun have agreed that Valerie wil…","Rotterdam  The Netherlands (24 April 2025) – IMCD N.V. (""IMCD"" or ""Company"")  a global leading partner for the distribution and formulation of speciality chemicals and ingredients  today announces that IMCD and Valerie Diele-Braun have agreed that Valerie will step down as CEO and member of the Management Board for personal reasons. This change takes effect as of today.The Supervisory Board is pleased to announce that Marcus Jordan will assume the role of CEO as of today. Marcus is a member of the Management Board and COO since 2022. Throughout his 26-year career with the company  he served as President of Americas  Group Development Director and in various strategic roles in our UK organisation. He has been a member of the Executive Committee since 2014.Janus Smalbraak  Chair of the Supervisory Board: “I would like to thank Valerie for her contribution to the company in the past years  both in her role as member of the Supervisory Board and as member of the Management Board. We appreciate the fresh perspectives she brought to the company  and we wish her every success and happiness in her future endeavours.”“With 26 years of experience at IMCD  Marcus has built deep industry expertise and a strong track record on delivering long-term business growth. We value his leadership in recent years in areas such as commercial and operational excellence as well as his genuine drive for digital innovation. The Supervisory Board is confident that Marcus will continue to build on IMCD’s strong foundations and create sustainable value for all stakeholders. We’re excited to continue working with him and fully support him as he steps into this new role.”The Supervisory Board will  in the coming period  review the further composition of the Management Board as part of its ongoing succession planning.- xxx-This press release contains information that qualifies as inside information within the meaning of Article 7(1) of the EU Market Abuse Regulation and was issued on 24 April 2025  08:00 a.m. CET.About IMCDIMCD  based in Rotterdam  The Netherlands  is a leading global partner for the distribution and formulation of speciality chemicals and ingredients. IMCD is an expert solutions provider and adds sustainable value to the supply chain. Every day professionals focus on providing the best service through commercial and operational excellence. The company is mindful of the role they play in creating a better planet for all and formulates with consciousness and executes with care  to address business challenges of tomorrow  in partnership and transparency.In 2024  with over 5 100 employees  IMCD realised revenues of EUR 4 728 million. IMCD N.V.’s shares are traded at Euronext Amsterdam (symbol: IMCD) and included in the Dutch ESG AEX index  as one of 25 companies within the AEX and AMX indices demonstrating best ESG practices.For further information  please visit www.imcdgroup.comMedia contactMuriel WerléCorporate Communications Director+31 10 290 86 14mediarelations@imcdgroup.comInvestor relations contactTosca HoltlandHead of Investor Relations+31 10 290 86 53ir@imcdgroup.comAttachment",neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,positive,0.85,0.15,0.0,True,English,"['CEO transition', 'IMCD', 'EU Market Abuse Regulation', 'Dutch ESG AEX index', 'global leading partner', 'Group Development Director', 'various strategic roles', 'deep industry expertise', 'ongoing succession planning', 'leading global partner', 'expert solutions provider', 'best ESG practices', 'Corporate Communications Director', 'strong track record', 'long-term business growth', 'The Supervisory Board', 'Investor relations contact', 'IMCD N.V.', 'The Netherlands', 'strong foundations', 'best service', 'business challenges', 'Media contact', 'Management Board', 'speciality chemicals', 'personal reasons', '26-year career', 'UK organisation', 'Executive Committee', 'Janus Smalbraak', 'fresh perspectives', 'future endeavours', 'operational excellence', 'genuine drive', 'digital innovation', 'sustainable value', 'coming period', 'press release', 'supply chain', 'Euronext Amsterdam', 'AMX indices', 'Muriel Werlé', 'Tosca Holtland', 'past years', 'recent years', 'Valerie Diele-Braun', 'inside information', 'Marcus Jordan', 'new role', '26 years', 'Rotterdam', 'Company', 'distribution', 'formulation', 'ingredients', 'CEO', 'member', 'change', 'effect', 'today', 'COO', 'President', 'Americas', 'Chair', 'contribution', 'happiness', 'experience', 'leadership', 'areas', 'commercial', 'stakeholders', 'composition', 'meaning', 'Article', '24 April', 'professionals', 'planet', 'consciousness', 'tomorrow', 'partnership', 'transparency', '5,100 employees', 'revenues', 'shares', 'symbol', '25 companies', 'imcdgroup', 'mediarelations', 'Head', 'Attachment', '08:00']",2025-04-24,2025-04-25,globenewswire.com
50288,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2025/04/24/3067081/0/en/Worldline-Board-of-Directors-evolution.html,Worldline : Board of Directors evolution,Jérôme Grivet appointed to Worldline Board of Directors  succeeding Olivier Gavalda  Paris  La Défense  April 24th  2025   Worldline announces a change...,Jérôme Grivet appointed to Worldline Board of Directors  succeeding Olivier GavaldaParis  La Défense  April 24th  2025Worldline announces a change in its Board of Directors. Effective April 23  2025  Olivier Gavalda will be succeeded by Jérôme Grivet as the representative of Crédit Agricole S.A. Jérôme Grivet also joins the Investment Committee.Building on the valuable contributions of Olivier Gavalda  Jérôme Grivet brings an extensive experience and leadership that will significantly contribute to the Company's transformation path and strategic direction. His expertise in finance  corporate strategy  management and governance will be highly beneficial to the Group’s governance framework.Wilfried Verstraete  Chairman of Worldline  stated: “I am pleased to welcome Jérôme Grivet as the new representative for Crédit Agricole on Worldline's Board of Directors. With his substantial experience in finance and corporate strategy  including his current role as Deputy CEO of Crédit Agricole S.A. responsible for Steering and Control functions  he brings significant expertise and leadership to our Board. His strategic acumen  developed through years of leading major financial institutions  will be a valuable asset to Worldline's governance and future initiatives.”BiographyCurrently Deputy Chief Executive Officer of Crédit Agricole S.A. in charge of Steering and Control functions since September 2022 and Member of the Executive Committee of Crédit Agricole S.A.Jérôme Grivet began his career in Administration. He was notably Advisor for European Affairs to the former Prime Minister  Alain Juppé  before joining Crédit Lyonnais in 1998 as Head of the Finance and Management Control Department of the commercial bank in France. In 2001  he was appointed Head of Strategy at Crédit Lyonnais. He then held the same position at Crédit Agricole S.A. In charge of Finance  Corporate Secretariat and Strategy at Calyon in 2004  he became Deputy Chief Executive Officer in 2007. At the end of 2010  he became Chief Executive Officer of Crédit Agricole Assurances and Chief Executive Officer of Predica. In 2015  he was appointed Deputy Chief Executive Officer of Crédit Agricole S.A.  in charge of Finance and then of the Steering Division.Inspector of Finance and a former student of ENA  Jérôme Grivet is a graduate of ESSEC and of the Institut d'Etudes Politiques de Paris.FORTHCOMING EVENTSJune 5  2025 Annual General Meeting July 30  2025 H1 2025 resultsINVESTOR RELATIONSLaurent MarieE laurent.marie@worldline.comPeter FarrenE peter.farren@worldline.comGuillaume DelaunayE guillaume.delaunay@worldline.comCOMMUNICATIONSandrine van der GhinstE sandrine.vanderghinst@worldline.comHélène CarlanderE helene.carlander@worldline.comABOUT WORLDLINEWorldline [Euronext: WLN] helps businesses of all shapes and sizes to accelerate their growth journey – quickly  simply  and securely. With advanced payments technology  local expertise and solutions customised for hundreds of markets and industries  Worldline powers the growth of over one million businesses around the world. Worldline generated circa €4.6 billion revenue in 2024. worldline.comWorldline’s corporate purpose (“raison d’être”) is to design and operate leading digital payment and transactional solutions that enable sustainable economic growth and reinforce trust and security in our societies. Worldline makes them environmentally friendly  widely accessible  and supports social transformation.Attachment,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,positive,0.73,0.27,0.0,True,English,"['Worldline', 'Board', 'Directors', 'evolution', 'Crédit Agricole S.A.', 'Crédit Agricole Assurances', 'Jérôme Grivet', 'leading major financial institutions', 'Sandrine van der Ghinst', 'Hélène Carlander', 'Deputy Chief Executive Officer', 'INVESTOR RELATIONS Laurent Marie', 'Crédit Lyonnais', 'leading digital payment', 'La Défense', '2025 Annual General Meeting', 'advanced payments technology', 'former Prime Minister', 'one million businesses', 'sustainable economic growth', 'Management Control Department', 'Deputy CEO', 'Executive Committee', 'former student', 'Control functions', 'Olivier Gavalda', 'April 24th', 'Investment Committee', 'valuable contributions', 'extensive experience', 'transformation path', 'strategic direction', 'Wilfried Verstraete', 'substantial experience', 'current role', 'strategic acumen', 'valuable asset', 'future initiatives', 'European Affairs', 'Alain Juppé', 'commercial bank', 'same position', 'Corporate Secretariat', 'Etudes Politiques', 'FORTHCOMING EVENTS', 'H1 2025 results', 'growth journey', '€4.6 billion revenue', 'corporate purpose', 'social transformation', 'significant expertise', 'local expertise', 'corporate strategy', 'new representative', 'transactional solutions', 'governance framework', 'Steering Division', 'Peter Farren', 'Guillaume Delaunay', 'Worldline Board', 'Directors', 'Paris', 'change', 'leadership', 'Company', 'finance', 'Group', 'Chairman', 'years', 'Biography', 'charge', 'September', 'Member', 'career', 'Administration', 'Advisor', 'Head', 'France', 'Calyon', 'end', 'Predica', 'Inspector', 'ENA', 'graduate', 'ESSEC', 'June', 'COMMUNICATION', 'vanderghinst', 'Euronext', 'WLN', 'shapes', 'sizes', 'hundreds', 'markets', 'industries', 'raison', 'trust', 'security', 'societies', 'Attachment']",2025-04-24,2025-04-25,globenewswire.com
50289,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://freerepublic.com/focus/f-news/4312995/posts,Ukraine’s Finance Ministry Ready for Talks with Investors to Avoid Defaulting,The Finance Ministry stated that Ukraine suggested two restructuring options but none of them suited the special committeeMOSCOW  April 24. /TASS/. The Ukrainian Finance Ministry has confirmed that Kiev could not reach an agreement on a restructuring with for…,"Skip to comments.Ukraine’s Finance Ministry Ready for Talks with Investors to Avoid DefaultingPosted on by marshmallowThe Finance Ministry stated that Ukraine suggested two restructuring options but none of them suited the special committeeMOSCOW  April 24. /TASS/. The Ukrainian Finance Ministry has confirmed that Kiev could not reach an agreement on a restructuring with foreign debt holders of some GDP warrants but insists that Kiev is ready for constructive talks  according to an official statement on the ministry’s website.Earlier  the Euronext stock exchange released a statement by the Ukrainian government revealing that from April 15-23  Kiev held consultations with members of the special committee  which consists of institutional investors holding approximately 30% of the GDP warrants. During these discussions  Ukraine put forward proposals on restructuring the debt  but the parties were unable to reach an agreement.RBC-Ukraine explained that this pertains to warrants totaling $2.6 billion  issued in 2015  with full repayment due in 2041. Last year  Ukraine managed to secure a deferment on external debt from private creditors  but the GDP warrants were not included in that arrangement. In turn  the Financial Times reported that by the end of May  Kiev must make a payment of around $600 million on this debt or face the risk of default.The Finance Ministry stated that Ukraine suggested two restructuring options but none of them suited the special committee. Ukraine’s proposal ""has no prospect of approval by a requisite majority of holders of the warrants nor does it form the basis for a viable point of engagement with warrant holders""  the committee said on Thursday.(Excerpt) Read more at tass.com ...TOPICS:News/Current EventsKEYWORDS:Click here: to donate by Credit Card Or here: to donate by PayPal Or by mail to: Free Republic  LLC - PO Box 9771 - Fresno  CA 93794 Thank you very much and God bless you.To: marshmallowIf Ukraine Russia reject any peace and fight on (witho the USA  hopefully)  and Ukraine loses the whole country  do the default or does the victor (Russia) automatically assume the debts of the previous regime for continuity?by 2 posted onby desertsolitaire (tried to invade )To: marshmallowYes they will be talking to “investors”. Fortunately since the demise of the USAID scam  US taxpayers will not be “investing”.To: desertsolitaireIn Russia when car is stolen thief does not take over paymentsTo: desertsolitaireOnly the eastern oblasts go to Russia. Blackrock gets the rest.To: marshmallowStart seizing assets immediately. If the twisted little TWOT in charge does not do a peace deal the country will dissolve — any arrangements on avoiding default will be moot.To: marshmallowDo yourself a favor and actually read some actual Russian newspapers and the Russian Government website itself. 82 posted on 4/23/2025  5:10:44 PM by JumperTo: freedomloverExcellent comparison.by 8 posted onby desertsolitaire (tried to invade )To: marshmallowAmazing how quickly Ukraine heads into default when the US turns off the money spigot.by 9 posted onby mac_truck (aide toi et dieu t'aidera)To: desertsolitaire--- ""If Ukraine Russia reject any peace and fight on (witho the USA  hopefully)  and Ukraine loses the whole country  do the default or does the victor (Russia) automatically assume the debts of the previous regime for continuity?"" Nope. Debts go ""poof."" Unless the debt is part of an overall negotiated and approved deal on all sides  which includes recognition of said debt and which party or parties will be responsible for it. Some related reporting: ""The debt holders said Ukraine's proposal had 'no prospect of approval' and did not 'form the basis for a viable point of engagement'. They also said they were willing to continue dialogue and laid out their rejected proposal for the next payment due on the debt - Ukraine paying $406 million in cash plus $209 million in the form of new bonds."" Ukraine fails to reach restructuring deal with GDP-linked debt holders Reuters  24 April 2025 ""The Ukrainian government said on April 24 that it has failed to reach an agreement with its debtholders to restructure some $2.6 billion of debt. This means Kyiv might have to default on paying some $600 million ahead of the deadline in late May."" Ukraine fails to reach deal on restructuring $2.6 billion debt  faces default Kyiv Independent  24 April 2025 ""Last month the IMF said that  'if left untreated'  the warrants “constitute an important risk” for debt sustainability even after a $15.5bn bailout by the fund and a restructuring of more than $20bn of bonds last year. The warrants were left out of last year's restructuring  given their complexity  but Kyiv needs to strike a deal on them to avoid potentially billions of dollars flowing out of its finances in the years ahead."" Ukraine fails to reach deal with investors to restructure $2.6bn of debt Financial Times  24 April 2025 Turns out some governments ""loaned"" -- official creditors Canada  France  Germany  Italy  Japan  Netherlands  Poland  Britain and the United States. And some big private equity funds  and commercial entities like Cargill. And  interestingly  the IMF and both Russia and the Export-Import Bank of China. Lots of complexity in this. Turns out some governments ""loaned"" -- official creditors Canada  France  Germany  Italy  Japan  Netherlands  Poland  Britain and the United States. And some big private equity funds  and commercial entities like Cargill. And  interestingly  the IMF and both Russia and the Export-Import Bank of China. Lots of complexity in this. Then there's this little tidbit. ""The Ukraine Development Fund is still in the early stages of setting up the reconstruction bank  but potential investors will get an inside preview of how things will look during a London conference that is set to take place this week."" Blackrock gets half a trillion dollar deal to rebuild Ukraine Times ky  24 April 2025 Lots of hands out  stretching to get theirs....Lots of hands out  stretching to get theirs....To: marshmallowWe sold Odessa to the British  but we are willing to also cut a deal with France or the US  but there is non-disclosure agreement you must sign with the Zelinski regime not to disclose what you buying. This was the Z Victory plan  complete with an offer of rare earth minerals and pipelines to Trump  but Starmer showed up in Ukraine on the 16th of Jan 25 and he signed the contract before Trump came into office. Trump should call both countries out on ICONIC MINERAL DEAL.To: JumperThats what all these people are not aware of.The Brits back stabbed the USA and snuck in and stole what Trump was angling for. The Brits havent a tiny fraction of money invested into that conflict compared to the USA.To: Jim NobleFortunately since the demise of the USAID scamUSAID was not terminated. Its functions were taken over by Rubio/State Department. We don't really know what functions remain or what was ended. Without U.S. aid  how is it that Ukraine continues to fight?To: packagingguyOnly the eastern oblasts go to Russia. Blackrock gets the rest.Blackrock will not be able to defend 'the rest' when Putin decides that what he was after all along  is all of Ukraine.To: AllOne does wonder how there would be any concern about Ukraine having a military force in any peace agreement if they can’t afford it.Disclaimer: Opinions posted on Free Republic are those of the individual posters and do not necessarily represent the opinion of Free Republic or its management. All materials posted herein are protected by copyright law and the exemption for fair use of copyrighted works.FreeRepublic   LLC  PO BOX 9771  FRESNO  CA 93794FreeRepublic.com is powered by software copyright 2000-2008 John Robinson",neutral,0.01,0.88,0.11,mixed,0.27,0.17,0.56,True,English,"['Finance Ministry', 'Ukraine', 'Talks', 'Investors', 'The Ukrainian Finance Ministry', 'Euronext stock exchange', 'actual Russian newspapers', 'The Finance Ministry', 'two restructuring options', 'Russian Government website', 'foreign debt holders', 'GDP-linked debt holders', 'debt Financial Times', 'Ukrainian government', 'warrant holders', 'full repayment', 'private creditors', 'requisite majority', 'viable point', 'Current Events', 'Credit Card', 'Free Republic', 'PO Box', 'previous regime', 'USAID scam', 'eastern oblasts', 'little TWOT', 'Excellent comparison', 'related reporting', '$15.5bn bailout', 'last year', 'official creditors', 'external debt', '$2.6 billion debt', 'debt sustainability', 'special committee', 'constructive talks', 'official statement', 'US taxpayers', 'next payment', 'new bonds', 'late May', 'important risk', 'GDP warrants', 'Kyiv Independent', 'institutional investors', 'restructuring deal', 'peace deal', 'comments', 'Ukraine', 'marshmallow', 'none', 'MOSCOW', 'April', 'TASS', 'Kiev', 'agreement', 'consultations', 'members', 'discussions', 'proposals', 'parties', 'deferment', 'arrangement', 'turn', 'default', 'prospect', 'approval', 'basis', 'engagement', 'Thursday', 'Excerpt', 'TOPICS', 'KEYWORDS', 'PayPal', 'mail', 'LLC', 'Fresno', 'God', 'fight', 'country', 'victor', 'debts', 'continuity', 'desertsolitaire', 'demise', 'thief', 'payments', 'Blackrock', 'assets', 'charge', 'favor', 'Jumper', 'freedomlover', 'onby', 'money', 'mac_truck', 'Nope', 'overall', 'sides', 'recognition', 'party', 'dialogue', 'cash', 'form', 'Reuters', 'debtholders', 'deadline', 'IMF', 'fund', 'complexity', 'billions', 'dollars', 'finances', 'years', 'governments', 'Canada', 'France', 'Germany', 'Italy', '4']",2025-04-24,2025-04-25,freerepublic.com
50290,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2025/04/24/3067380/0/en/Stellantis-and-Factorial-Energy-Reach-Key-Milestone-in-Solid-State-Battery-Development.html,Stellantis and Factorial Energy Reach Key Milestone in Solid-State Battery Development,Stellantis and Factorial Energy Reach Key Milestone in Solid-State Battery Development   Stellantis and Factorial Energy successfully validated......,Stellantis and Factorial Energy Reach Key Milestonein Solid-State Battery DevelopmentStellantis and Factorial Energy successfully validated automotive-sized solid-state battery cells with 375Wh/kg energy density  a major step toward commercial useBreakthrough FEST® technology enables fast charging from 15% to 90% in 18 minutesThe battery cells can operate in temperatures from -30°C to 45°C (-22°F to 113°F)  with potential for further expansion and demonstrate high power capabilities up to 4C dischargeStellantis is incorporating Factorial’s solid-state batteries into a demonstration fleet by 2026Stellantis and Factorial Energy’s collaboration extends beyond cell development to optimizing pack architecture  improving vehicle integration  and enhancing overall range and cost efficiencyAmsterdam and Boston  MA – April 24  2025 – Stellantis N.V. and Factorial Energy ( Factorial ) today announced the successful validation of Factorial’s automotive-sized FEST® (Factorial Electrolyte System Technology) solid-state battery cells. This achievement marks a significant step forward on the path to bringing next-generation electric vehicle (EV) batteries to market.“Reaching this level of performance reflects the strengths of our collaboration with Factorial ” said Ned Curic  Stellantis Chief Engineering and Technology Officer. “This breakthrough puts us at the forefront of the solid-state revolution  but we are not stopping there. We continue working together to push the boundaries and deliver even more advanced solutions  bringing us closer to lighter  more efficient batteries that reduce costs for our customers.”Unlike conventional lithium-ion batteries  solid-state batteries offer higher energy density and faster charging. The validated 77Ah FEST® cells demonstrated an energy density of 375Wh/kg with over 600 cycles progressing towards automotive qualification  a milestone for large-format lithium-metal solid-state battery. The cells enable a significant reduction in charging time  from 15% to over 90% charge in just 18 minutes at room temperature. Additionally  the cells deliver high power output with discharge rates up to 4C  supporting greater performance demands in electric vehicles.Factorial’s scientific engineering and AI-driven tools developed the latest electrolyte formulation that allows the battery to perform in temperatures ranging from -30°C to 45°C (-22°F to 113°F). This surpasses previous solid-state limitations and opens the possibility for better performances across various climates.“Battery development is about compromise. While optimizing one feature is simple  balancing high energy density  cycle life  fast charging  and safety in an automotive-sized battery with OEM validation is a breakthrough ” said Siyu Huang  CEO of Factorial Energy. “This achievement with Stellantis is bringing next-generation battery technology from research to reality.”By closely collaborating on pack design and leveraging this disruptive technology  Stellantis and Factorial are optimizing battery pack architecture to reduce weight and improve overall system efficiency for seamless integration. These weight savings directly enhance vehicle range and support more sustainable and affordable EV solutions.Building on Stellantis’ $75 million investment in Factorial Energy in 2021  this milestone strengthens the strategic collaboration between the two companies. With this achievement  Stellantis will advance its previously announced plan to integrate Factorial’s solid-state batteries into a demonstration fleet by 2026. This demonstration fleet represents the next step toward commercializing this promising technology  enabling further validation of Factorial’s solid-state batteries and assessment of performance in real-world driving conditions.###About StellantisStellantis N.V. (NYSE: STLA / Euronext Milan: STLAM / Euronext Paris: STLAP) is a leading global automaker  dedicated to giving its customers the freedom to choose the way they move  embracing the latest technologies and creating value for all its stakeholders. Its unique portfolio of iconic and innovative brands includes Abarth  Alfa Romeo  Chrysler  Citroën  Dodge  DS Automobiles  FIAT  Jeep ®   Lancia  Maserati  Opel  Peugeot  Ram  Vauxhall  Free2move and Leasys. For more information  visit www.stellantis.com .About Factorial Inc.Founded and headquartered in the United States  Factorial is at the cutting edge of solid-state battery technology  developing solutions that offer longer range per charge  increased safety  and cost competitiveness with conventional lithium-ion batteries. The company’s proprietary solid-state platforms FEST® (Factorial Electrolyte System Technology) and SolsticeTM utilize electrolyte innovations that enable safe and reliable cell performance with high-capacity cathode and anode materials. Factorial’s solid-state batteries are designed to integrate seamlessly with existing manufacturing processes  ensuring scalability and efficiency. The company has established joint development agreements with leading global automakers  including Mercedes-Benz  Stellantis  Hyundai Motor Company  and Kia Corporation. For more information  visit www.factorialenergy.com.Media ContactsStellantisFernão Silveira  +31 6 43 25 43 41  fernao.silveira@stellantis.comTrevor Dorchies  +1 (248) 760-7421  trevor.dorchies@stellantis.comFactorial EnergyDanielle Kershner  +1 (201) 923-2970  danielle.kershner@factorialenergy.comKristin Ford-Glencross  +1 (202) 766-7599  factorial@antennagroup.comStellantis Forward Looking StatementsThis communication contains forward-looking statements. In particular  statements regarding future events and anticipated results of operations  business strategies  the anticipated benefits of the proposed transaction  future financial and operating results  the anticipated closing date for the proposed transaction and other anticipated aspects of our operations or operating results are forward-looking statements. These statements may include terms such as “may”  “will”  “expect”  “could”  “should”  “intend”  “estimate”  “anticipate”  “believe”  “remain”  “on track”  “design”  “target”  “objective”  “goal”  “forecast”  “projection”  “outlook”  “prospects”  “plan”  or similar terms. Forward-looking statements are not guarantees of future performance. Rather  they are based on Stellantis’ current state of knowledge  future expectations and projections about future events and are by their nature  subject to inherent risks and uncertainties. They relate to events and depend on circumstances that may or may not occur or exist in the future and  as such  undue reliance should not be placed on them.Actual results may differ materially from those expressed in forward-looking statements as a result of a variety of factors  including: the ability of Stellantis to launch new products successfully and to maintain vehicle shipment volumes; changes in the global financial markets  general economic environment and changes in demand for automotive products  which is subject to cyclicality; Stellantis’ ability to successfully manage the industry-wide transition from internal combustion engines to full electrification; Stellantis’ ability to offer innovative  attractive products and to develop  manufacture and sell vehicles with advanced features including enhanced electrification  connectivity and autonomous-driving characteristics; Stellantis’ ability to produce or procure electric batteries with competitive performance  cost and at required volumes; Stellantis’ ability to successfully launch new businesses and integrate acquisitions; a significant malfunction  disruption or security breach compromising information technology systems or the electronic control systems contained in Stellantis’ vehicles; exchange rate fluctuations  interest rate changes  credit risk and other market risks; increases in costs  disruptions of supply or shortages of raw materials  parts  components and systems used in Stellantis’ vehicles; changes in local economic and political conditions; changes in trade policy  the imposition of global and regional tariffs or tariffs targeted to the automotive industry  the enactment of tax reforms or other changes in tax laws and regulations; the level of governmental economic incentives available to support the adoption of battery electric vehicles; the impact of increasingly stringent regulations regarding fuel efficiency requirements and reduced greenhouse gas and tailpipe emissions; various types of claims  lawsuits  governmental investigations and other contingencies  including product liability and warranty claims and environmental claims  investigations and lawsuits; material operating expenditures in relation to compliance with environmental  health and safety regulations; the level of competition in the automotive industry  which may increase due to consolidation and new entrants; Stellantis’ ability to attract and retain experienced management and employees; exposure to shortfalls in the funding of Stellantis’ defined benefit pension plans; Stellantis’ ability to provide or arrange for access to adequate financing for dealers and retail customers and associated risks related to the operations of financial services companies; Stellantis’ ability to access funding to execute its business plan; Stellantis’ ability to realize anticipated benefits from joint venture arrangements; disruptions arising from political  social and economic instability; risks associated with Stellantis’ relationships with employees  dealers and suppliers; Stellantis’ ability to maintain effective internal controls over financial reporting; developments in labor and industrial relations and developments in applicable labor laws; earthquakes or other disasters; risks and other items described in Stellantis’ Annual Report on Form 20-F for the year ended December 31  2024 and Current Reports on Form 6-K and amendments thereto filed with the SEC; and other risks and uncertainties.Any forward-looking statements contained in this communication speak only as of the date of this document and Stellantis disclaims any obligation to update or revise publicly forward-looking statements. Further information concerning Stellantis and its businesses  including factors that could materially affect Stellantis’ financial results  is included in Stellantis’ reports and filings with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission and AFM.Attachment,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,positive,0.54,0.46,0.0,True,English,"['Factorial Energy Reach', 'Solid-State Battery Development', 'Key Milestone', 'Stellantis', 'next-generation electric vehicle (EV) batteries', 'lighter, more efficient batteries', 'proprietary solid-state platforms FEST®', 'large-format lithium-metal solid-state battery', 'Factorial Electrolyte System Technology', 'automotive-sized solid-state battery cells', 'next-generation battery technology', 'high power capabilities', 'high power output', 'affordable EV solutions', 'real-world driving conditions', 'existing manufacturing processes', 'conventional lithium-ion batteries', 'previous solid-state limitations', 'latest electrolyte formulation', 'leading global automaker', 'joint development agreements', '77Ah FEST® cells', 'solid-state battery technology', '375Wh/kg energy density', 'higher energy density', 'high energy density', 'greater performance demands', 'overall system efficiency', 'Solid-State Battery Development', 'battery pack architecture', 'reliable cell performance', 'Breakthrough FEST® technology', 'Stellantis N.V.', 'Factorial Energy Reach', 'Stellantis Chief Engineering', 'automotive-sized FEST®', 'solid-state batteries', 'electric vehicles', 'automotive-sized battery', 'cell development', 'vehicle integration', 'vehicle range', 'electrolyte innovations', 'solid-state revolution', 'Technology Officer', 'disruptive technology', 'promising technology', 'Citroën', 'overall range', 'scientific engineering', 'latest technologies', 'pack design', 'major step', 'commercial use', 'fast charging', 'demonstration fleet', 'cost efficiency', 'significant step', 'Ned Curic', 'advanced solutions', 'faster charging', 'automotive qualification', 'significant reduction', 'charging time', 'room temperature', 'discharge rates', 'AI-driven tools', 'various climates', 'one feature', 'Siyu Huang', 'seamless integration', '$75 million investment', 'two companies', 'next step', 'Euronext Milan', 'Euronext Paris', 'unique portfolio', 'innovative brands', 'Alfa Romeo', 'DS Automobiles', 'United States', 'cutting edge', 'longer range', 'cost competitiveness', 'high-capacity cathode', 'anode materials', 'successful validation', 'OEM validation', 'Factorial Inc.', '4C discharge', 'weight savings', 'Key Milestone', 'strategic collaboration', '18 minutes', 'temperatures', '30°C', '45°C', 'potential', 'expansion', 'Amsterdam', 'Boston', 'April', 'achievement', 'path', 'market', 'level', 'strengths', 'forefront', 'boundaries', 'costs', 'customers', '600 cycles', '90% charge', 'possibility', 'performances', 'compromise', 'life', 'safety', 'CEO', 'research', 'reality', 'sustainable', 'plan', 'assessment', 'NYSE', 'STLA', 'freedom', 'way', 'value', 'stakeholders', 'iconic', 'Abarth', 'Chrysler', 'Dodge', 'FIAT', 'Jeep ®', 'Lancia', 'Maserati', 'Opel', 'Peugeot', 'Ram', 'Vauxhall', 'Free2move', 'Leasys', 'information', 'company', 'SolsticeTM', 'scalability', '113°']",2025-04-24,2025-04-25,globenewswire.com
50291,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2025/04/24/3067736/0/en/Marie-Brizard-Wine-Spirits-Q1-2025-revenues.html,Marie Brizard Wine & Spirits: Q1 2025 revenues,Charenton-le-Pont  24 April 2025  Q1 2025 revenues  MBWS posts first quarter revenues...,Charenton-le-Pont  24 April 2025Q1 2025 revenuesMBWS posts first quarter revenues of €42.2m  down 2.3% versus Q1 2024Sharp drop in France sales amid ongoing decline in spirits marketStrong international performance from the Industrial Services businessIn France  first quarter sales were down 9.9% versus Q1 2024 during a period of challenging commercial negotiations as the market environment continued to decline: Sales in the Off-Trade declined against a backdrop of tough annual commercial negotiations  leading to out of stocks situations and distribution losses. William Peel has lost market share  while Marie Brizard continues to post sales growth driven by new listings and the impact of 2024 innovations; The On-Trade channel posted sales up €2.5m versus Q1 2024.International sales were up 3.8% versus Q1 2024  marked by contrasting operating performances depending on the region:Growth in Industrial Services in Spain  Lithuania and Bulgaria; A complicated first quarter in the United States and Scandinavia marked by a sharp decline in sales and shipments  particularly for International Strategic Brands; Stability in export markets  with increasing sales in Africa-Middle East  Poland and the French overseas departments and territories counterbalanced by a decline in shipments to the Asia Pacific region and Canada.NB: All revenue growth figures reported herein are at constant exchange rates and consolidation scope  unless stated otherwiseMarie Brizard Wine & Spirits (Euronext: MBWS) today announces its unaudited revenues for the first quarter of 2025  covering the period from 1 January to 31 March 2025.Q1 2025 revenues€m Q12024 LFL change Currencyimpact Q12025 LFL change(excl. currencyimpact) Reportedgrowth (incl.currencyimpact) France 19.5 -1.9 - 17.6 -9.9% -9.9% International 23.8 0.9 -0.1 24.6 +3.8% +3.5% TOTAL MBWS GROUP 43.3 -1.0 -0.1 42.2 -2.3% -2.5%France ClusterFrance Cluster sales fell sharply in Q1 2025  down 9.9% vs. 2024 to €17.6m. Amid challenging annual negotiations for the Off-Trade channel following the considerable cost increases incurred for matured spirits  combined with the continued slowdown in the spirits market  the Strategic Brands business was penalised and posted a loss of distribution and market share  particularly for William Peel.The strong early year performance across the entire portfolio in the On-Trade channel failed to offset the decline in Off-Trade sales. Meanwhile  Marie Brizard sales posted strong growth in both distribution channels  mainly driven by new listings since 2024.International ClusterThe International Cluster posted first quarter 2025 revenues of €24.6m  up 3.8% at constant exchange rates versus Q1 2024.MBWS International (Export) posted stable first quarter revenues (up 0.7% vs 2024) despite a relatively low Q1 2024 comparison base  impacted by several factors:Sales decline in Benelux  particularly in the cross-border market with France  where local sales were adversely impacted by the conversion of certain local stores to new retail chains;Flat sales in Africa  where the strong momentum gained in Madagascar and Senegal offset the sluggish early year performance in other markets;69 0% growth in the French overseas departments and territories  especially Martinique  after a low comparison base in 2024;44.1% growth in Poland  also following a lacklustre Q1 2024 performance impacted by inventory rundowns;Declining Q1 2025 sales in Canada  tempered by prospects of catch-up over the rest of the year;Sales growth in most Asian countries (particularly Taiwan and South Korea) except Japan  down 38.2% mainly due to the late 2024 surge in shipments.Spain posted a 33.8% increase in Q1 2025 sales  mainly driven by Industrial Services  up 38.6% versus last year. This performance is due to an exceptionally sluggish first quarter 2024 (impacted by temporary production stoppages caused by machinery upgrading operations) combined with catching up the December 2024 volume shortfall  which was also due to production line maintenance.Strategic brands as a whole posted 18.2% sales growth thanks to a favourable base effect  Q1 2024 having been impacted by our local distributor’s inventory rundown policy.In Denmark  the first quarter saw a significant 15.7% decline in sales versus 2024: this was due to the drop in the Agency Brands business and the On-Trade channel  while the Off-Trade channel posted growth mainly driven by new listings among certain soft discounters and heightened promotional activity  particularly in the vodka segment.Sales dipped 2.7% in Lithuania  with strong growth in the Industrial Services segment (up 52.4%) only partly offsetting the decline in the domestic market  hampered by a further increase in excise duties and increased competitive pressure  particularly in the Scotch whisky and vodka categories.Meanwhile  the export business  whose main market is Ukraine  saw a decline in sales amid a persistently unstable commercial environment. In addition  the devaluation of the local currency has curbed distributors’ capacity to achieve all of their planned purchases.In Bulgaria  Q1 2025 sales were up 7.8% versus 2024  driven by a strong performance from Industrial Services supported by distributor stockpiling in anticipation of expected Q2 2025 price hikes  and by an improved product mix in the domestic market. The addition of new Agency Brands to the distribution portfolio also contributed to the overall sales growth.In the United States  revenues slumped 51.3% versus Q1 2024 due to order delays amid the uncertainty surrounding successive tariff hikes announcements  combined with our distributor’s decision to significantly reduce inventory levels.Finally  in Brazil  business was stable excluding currency impact (down 0.2% versus Q1 2024)  the slight dip being mainly attributable to the Rio de Janeiro region where one of the main customers of Dubar products significantly reduced its inventory.OutlookThe Group confirms the annual trends as presented in the “Outlook” section of the 2024 earnings release published on 17 April.The first quarter sales performance has confirmed that 2025 is a year of transition for the Group  marked by complex commercial negotiations. These negotiations aim to partly offset the significant increase in the cost price of matured spirits – particularly for Scotch whisky and cognac – through the necessary price adjustments. Without these price changes  the economic performance of the France Cluster could be significantly affected.This situation should be seen against a global backdrop still marked by the slowdown in the wine and spirits markets coupled with limited and volatile commercial visibility.The Group is making every effort to mitigate the impact of these trade tensions  particularly on the French market  in order to achieve a favourable outcome. Meanwhile  the Group continues to step up its productivity and cost control measures with a view to supporting economic performance.The sector is also exposed to risks of further tariff hikes  the outlines of which remain blurred at this stage  but which are already disrupting trade dynamics on international markets. However  the direct impact on the Group could remain limited  given its relatively low exposure to the US market and US products imported into Europe.Against this backdrop  the Group continues to rely on all its strategic levers to face these headwinds  in particular through the development of Industrial Services and the distribution of Agency Brands  two segments that are posting encouraging performances and harbour growth potential.Financial calendarGeneral Meeting: 26 June 2025Investor and shareholder relations contactMBWS GroupEmilie Drexlerrelations.actionnaires@mbws.comTel.: +33 1 43 91 62 40Press contactImage SeptClaire Doligez - Laurent Poinsotcdoligez@image7.fr – lpoinsot@image7.frTel.: +33 1 53 70 74 70About Marie Brizard Wine & SpiritsMarie Brizard Wine & Spirits is a wine and spirits group operating in Europe and the United States. Marie Brizard Wine & Spirits stands out for its expertise  a combination of brands with a long tradition and a resolutely innovative spirit. Since the birth of the Maison Marie Brizard in 1755  the Marie Brizard Wine & Spirits Group has developed its brands in a spirit of modernity while respecting their origins. Marie Brizard Wine & Spirits is committed to offering its customers bold and trusted brands full of flavour and experiences. The Group now has a rich portfolio of leading brands in their market segments  including William Peel  Sobieski  Marie Brizard and Cognac Gautier.Marie Brizard Wine & Spirits is listed on Compartment B of Euronext Paris (FR0000060873 - MBWS) and is part of the EnterNext© PEA-PME 150 index.Attachment,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,mixed,0.07,0.16,0.76,True,English,"['Marie Brizard Wine', 'Q1 2025 revenues', 'Spirits', 'tough annual commercial negotiations', '2024 LFL change Currency impact Q1', 'sluggish early year performance', 'stable first quarter revenues', 'low Q1 2024 comparison base', 'strong early year performance', 'low comparison base', 'challenging annual negotiations', 'challenging commercial negotiations', 'favourable base effect', 'sluggish first quarter', 'contrasting operating performances', 'French overseas departments', 'constant exchange rates', 'considerable cost increases', 'most Asian countries', 'temporary production stoppages', 'December 2024 volume shortfall', 'production line maintenance', 'unstable commercial environment', 'complicated first quarter', 'inventory rundown policy', 'Agency Brands business', 'first quarter 2025 revenues', 'Marie Brizard Wine', 'new retail chains', 'Strategic Brands business', 'lacklustre Q1 2024 performance', 'Asia Pacific region', 'Strong international performance', 'Industrial Services business', 'TOTAL MBWS GROUP', 'International Strategic Brands', 'first quarter sales', 'revenue growth figures', 'Industrial Services segment', 'Marie Brizard sales', '2025 LFL change', 'Declining Q1 2025 sales', 'The International Cluster', 'France Cluster sales', 'last year', 'Q1 2025 revenues', 'unaudited revenues', 'strong momentum', 'market environment', 'inventory rundowns', 'vodka segment', 'export business', 'new listings', 'local currency', 'strong growth', 'International sales', 'MBWS International', 'stocks situations', 'William Peel', 'market share', 'Trade channel', 'United States', 'Africa-Middle East', 'consolidation scope', 'continued slowdown', 'entire portfolio', 'several factors', 'cross-border market', 'local stores', 'other markets', 'South Korea', 'late 2024 surge', 'local distributor', 'soft discounters', 'promotional activity', 'domestic market', 'excise duties', 'competitive pressure', 'Scotch whisky', 'vodka categories', 'main market', 'increasing sales', 'local sales', 'Flat sales', 'spirits market', 'matured spirits', 'distribution losses', 'export markets', 'distribution channels', 'Off-Trade sales', 'France sales', 'sales growth', 'Sharp drop', 'ongoing decline', 'sharp decline', 'significant 15.7% decline', 'Sales decline', '69,0% growth', '44.1% growth', 'Charenton-le-Pont', '24 April', 'period', 'backdrop', '2024 innovations', 'Spain', 'Lithuania', 'Bulgaria', 'Scandinavia', 'shipments', 'Stability', 'Poland', 'territories', 'Canada', 'NB', 'Euronext', '1 January', '31 March', 'Benelux', 'conversion', 'Madagascar', 'Senegal', 'Martinique', 'prospects', 'catch-up', 'rest', 'Taiwan', 'Japan', '33.8% increase', 'machinery', 'operations', 'Denmark', 'Ukraine', 'addition', 'devaluation']",2025-04-24,2025-04-25,globenewswire.com
50292,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.etfdailynews.com/2025/04/24/public-storage-nysepsa-upgraded-to-buy-at-bank-of-america/,Public Storage (NYSE:PSA) Upgraded to Buy at Bank of America,Public Storage (NYSE:PSA – Get Free Report) was upgraded by Bank of America from a “neutral” rating to a “buy” rating in a research report issued to clients and investors on Tuesday  Marketbeat.com reports. The brokerage presently has a $368.00 price objectiv…,Public Storage (NYSE:PSA – Get Free Report) was upgraded by Bank of America from a “neutral” rating to a “buy” rating in a research report issued to clients and investors on Tuesday  Marketbeat.com reports. The brokerage presently has a $368.00 price objective on the real estate investment trust’s stock  up from their previous price objective of $349.00. Bank of America‘s price target would indicate a potential upside of 24.65% from the stock’s current price.A number of other brokerages have also commented on PSA. Scotiabank raised Public Storage from a “sector perform” rating to a “sector outperform” rating and lowered their price objective for the company from $333.00 to $305.00 in a report on Wednesday  April 9th. Barclays reiterated an “overweight” rating and set a $354.00 price target (down previously from $361.00) on shares of Public Storage in a report on Wednesday  March 12th. Truist Financial upgraded shares of Public Storage from a “hold” rating to a “buy” rating and set a $310.00 price objective for the company in a research note on Thursday  April 10th. Mizuho began coverage on shares of Public Storage in a research note on Wednesday  April 9th. They issued a “neutral” rating and a $287.00 target price on the stock. Finally  Wells Fargo & Company cut their target price on shares of Public Storage from $365.00 to $330.00 and set an “overweight” rating for the company in a research report on Friday  February 21st. Five investment analysts have rated the stock with a hold rating  seven have assigned a buy rating and one has assigned a strong buy rating to the stock. According to MarketBeat  the company has an average rating of “Moderate Buy” and an average price target of $336.25.Get Public Storage alerts:View Our Latest Stock Report on Public StoragePublic Storage Trading Down 0.5 %Institutional Trading of Public StorageShares of NYSE:PSA opened at $295.23 on Tuesday. The company has a current ratio of 0.97  a quick ratio of 0.97 and a debt-to-equity ratio of 1.77. The stock has a market capitalization of $51.79 billion  a PE ratio of 30.66  a P/E/G ratio of 4.91 and a beta of 0.76. Public Storage has a 1 year low of $256.31 and a 1 year high of $369.99. The firm has a fifty day moving average price of $295.53 and a 200 day moving average price of $310.69.A number of hedge funds have recently modified their holdings of PSA. Quent Capital LLC lifted its position in Public Storage by 135.1% in the fourth quarter. Quent Capital LLC now owns 87 shares of the real estate investment trust’s stock worth $26 000 after purchasing an additional 50 shares during the period. Ameriflex Group Inc. acquired a new stake in shares of Public Storage during the 4th quarter valued at about $30 000. Strategic Investment Solutions Inc. IL bought a new stake in Public Storage in the fourth quarter valued at about $32 000. Opal Wealth Advisors LLC bought a new stake in Public Storage in the first quarter valued at about $36 000. Finally  Synergy Asset Management LLC acquired a new position in Public Storage in the fourth quarter worth about $38 000. Institutional investors own 78.79% of the company’s stock.Public Storage Company Profile(Get Free Report)Public Storage  a member of the S&P 500 and FT Global 500  is a REIT that primarily acquires  develops  owns  and operates self-storage facilities. At December 31  2023  we had: (i) interests in 3 044 self-storage facilities located in 40 states with approximately 218 million net rentable square feet in the United States and (ii) a 35% common equity interest in Shurgard Self Storage Limited (Euronext Brussels: SHUR)  which owned 275 self-storage facilities located in seven Western European nations with approximately 15 million net rentable square feet operated under the Shurgard brand.Further ReadingReceive News & Ratings for Public Storage Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Public Storage and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.,neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,positive,0.86,0.13,0.01,True,English,"['Public Storage', 'NYSE', 'PSA', 'Bank', 'America', '218 million net rentable square feet', '15 million net rentable square feet', 'Strategic Investment Solutions Inc. IL', 'fifty day moving average price', 'real estate investment trust', 'seven Western European nations', 'Opal Wealth Advisors LLC', 'Synergy Asset Management LLC', '200 day moving average price', 'FREE daily email newsletter', 'Shurgard Self Storage Limited', 'Public Storage Company Profile', 'Five investment analysts', 'Ameriflex Group Inc.', 'Quent Capital LLC', 'concise daily summary', '35% common equity interest', 'Get Free Report', 'average price target', 'Public Storage Daily', 'previous price objective', 'Public Storage alerts', 'sector perform” rating', 'strong buy rating', 'Public Storage Trading', 'Public Storage Shares', 'Latest Stock Report', 'average rating', 'Shurgard brand', 'email address', '$368.00 price objective', '$310.00 price objective', '$354.00 price target', '$287.00 target price', 'current price', 'sector outperform', 'Institutional Trading', 'equity ratio', 'buy” rating', 'Moderate Buy', 'research report', 'neutral” rating', 'overweight” rating', 'hold” rating', 'hold rating', 'potential upside', 'other brokerages', 'Truist Financial', 'research note', 'Wells Fargo', 'current ratio', 'quick ratio', 'market capitalization', 'PE ratio', 'P/E/G ratio', 'hedge funds', 'fourth quarter', 'new stake', '4th quarter', 'first quarter', 'S&P 500', 'FT Global 500', 'self-storage facilities', 'Euronext Brussels', 'latest news', 'related companies', 'Marketbeat.com', 'new position', 'Institutional investors', 'United States', 'additional 50 shares', '40 states', '87 shares', 'NYSE', 'PSA', 'Bank', 'America', 'clients', 'Tuesday', 'number', 'Wednesday', 'April', 'Barclays', 'March', 'Thursday', 'Mizuho', 'coverage', 'Friday', 'February', 'debt', 'beta', '1 year', 'firm', 'holdings', 'period', 'member', 'REIT', 'December', 'interests', 'Reading', 'Ratings', '24.']",2025-04-24,2025-04-25,etfdailynews.com
50293,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2025/04/24/3067101/0/en/Tarkett-Participation-increases-the-price-offered-in-its-public-buy-out-Offer-Tarkett-s-Supervisory-Board-issues-a-favorable-reasoned-opinion-based-on-the-increased-Offer-price-and.html,Tarkett Participation increases the price offered in its public buy-out Offer- Tarkett's Supervisory Board issues a favorable reasoned opinion based on the increased Offer price and the work of the independent expert,Tarkett Participation increases the price offered in its public buy-out OfferTarkett's Supervisory Board issues a favorable reasoned opinion based on the increased Offer price and the work of the independent expert,"Tarkett Participation increases the price offered in its public buy-out OfferTarkett's Supervisory Board issues a favorable reasoned opinion based on the increased Offer price and the work of the independent expertOffer price raised to 17 euros per share  representing a premium of 40.6% and 46.1% over respectively the volume-weighted average share price over the last 20 and 60 trading days prior to the announcement of the offer on February 20  2025.The independent expert’s report concluded that the terms of the Offer at the increased price are fair to the shareholders.The ad hoc Committee unanimously issued a recommendation for a favourable reasoned opinion on the Offer at the increased price  considering that it is in the interest of Tarkett  its shareholders and its employees. The Supervisory Board has endorsed this recommendation.PARIS  FRANCE  APRIL 24  2025Following the filing with the Autorité des marchés financiers (the ""AMF"")  on February 24  2025  by Tarkett Participation  of a proposed public buy-out Offer followed by a squeeze-out (OPR-RO) on the shares of Tarkett (""Tarkett"" or the ""Company"")  Tarkett Participation announces that it has decided to increase the price offered from 16 euros to 17 euros per Tarkett share (the ""Offer"")  representing a premium of 40.6% and 46.1% respectively to the volume-weighted average share price over the last 20 and 60 trading days  and a premium of 25.5% to the last closing price prior to the announcement of the offer on February 20  2025.Finexsi - Expert & Conseil Financier1  acting as independent expert appointed upon the recommendation of the ad hoc Committee  has issued its report on the basis of the increased Offer price  concluding on the fairness of the Offer.Having considered the conclusions of Finexsi - Expert & Conseil Financier and the work of the ad hoc Committee  which unanimously issued a favourable recommendation  the Supervisory Board has endorsed this recommendation and issued a favourable reasoned opinion on the Offer at the increased price  considering that it is in the interest of Tarkett  its shareholders and its employees. The Supervisory Board therefore recommends that the Company's shareholders tender their shares to the Offer.The updated draft Offer document incorporating the price increase per Tarkett share and the draft response document will be filed shortly with the AMF and will be available on Tarkett's website (www.tarkett-group.com). These documents will also be available on the AMF website (www.amf-france.org).In accordance with articles 231-16 and 231-26 of the AMF's general regulations  the main elements of Tarkett Participation's draft Offer document and Tarkett's draft response document  as well as the conditions under which they are made available  will each be the subject of a press release by Tarkett and Tarkett Participation.The Offer  the draft Offer document and the draft response document remain subject to review by the AMF  which will assess their compliance with applicable laws and regulations.WarningThe Offer is made to shareholders of Tarkett located in France and outside France  provided that the local law to which they are subject allows them to participate in the Offer without requiring Tarkett Participation to complete additional formalities.Investor Relations contactinvestors@tarkett.comMedia ContactsBrunswick -tarkett@brunswickgroup.com - Tel: +33 (0) 1 53 96 83 83Tarkett - communication@tarkett.comHugues Boëton - Tel: +33 (0)6 79 89 27 15 - Benoit Grange - Tel +33 (0)6 14 45 09 26About TarkettWith a 140-year history  Tarkett is a world leader in innovative and sustainable solutions for floor coverings and sports surfaces  with sales of 3.3 billion euros in 2024. The Group employs nearly 12 000 people and has 24 R&D centers  8 recycling centers and 35 production sites. Tarkett designs and manufactures solutions for hospitals  schools  homes  hotels  offices  retail outlets and sports fields  serving customers in over 100 countries. To build ""The Way to Better Floors""  the Group is committed to the circular economy and sustainable development  in line with its Tarkett HumanConscious Design® approach. Tarkett is listed on the Euronext regulated market (compartment B  ISIN code FR0004188670  mnemonic code: TKTT). www.tarkett-group.com1 See joint press release issued on February 20  2025.Attachment",neutral,0.33,0.67,0.0,mixed,0.31,0.29,0.4,True,English,"['favorable reasoned opinion', 'public buy', 'Supervisory Board', 'independent expert', 'Tarkett Participation', 'Offer price', 'work', 'Autorité des marchés financiers', 'Tarkett HumanConscious Design® approach', 'volume-weighted average share price', 'public buy-out Offer Tarkett', 'favorable reasoned opinion', 'ad hoc Committee', 'draft response document', 'Investor Relations contact', 'Hugues Boëton', 'Euronext regulated market', 'favourable reasoned opinion', '24 R&D centers', 'joint press release', 'draft Offer document', 'The Supervisory Board', 'last closing price', '8 recycling centers', 'The Way', 'The Offer', 'Tarkett share', 'Conseil Financier', 'price increase', 'main elements', 'applicable laws', 'local law', 'additional formalities', 'Media Contacts', 'Benoit Grange', '140-year history', 'world leader', 'floor coverings', 'sports surfaces', '35 production sites', 'retail outlets', 'sports fields', 'Better Floors', 'sustainable development', 'compartment B', 'ISIN code', 'mnemonic code', 'The Group', 'favourable recommendation', 'Offer price', 'independent expert', 'Tarkett Participation', '60 trading days', 'general regulations', 'sustainable solutions', 'AMF website', 'last 20', 'work', '17 euros', 'premium', 'announcement', 'February', 'report', 'terms', 'shareholders', 'interest', 'employees', 'PARIS', 'FRANCE', 'APRIL', 'filing', 'OPR-RO', 'shares', 'Company', '16 euros', 'Finexsi', 'basis', 'fairness', 'conclusions', 'tarkett-group', 'documents', 'org', 'accordance', 'articles', 'conditions', 'subject', 'review', 'compliance', 'Warning', 'Brunswick', 'Tel', 'communication', 'innovative', 'sales', '3.3 billion', '12,000 people', 'hospitals', 'schools', 'homes', 'offices', 'customers', '100 countries', 'circular', 'economy', 'line', 'TKTT', 'Attachment', '33', '2024']",2025-04-24,2025-04-25,globenewswire.com
50294,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2025/04/24/3067084/0/en/Haffner-Energy-unveils-Hynoca-Flex-500-IG-A-flexible-cost-effective-alternative-to-grey-hydrogen-and-fossil-fuels.html,Haffner Energy unveils Hynoca® Flex 500 IG: A flexible  cost-effective alternative to grey hydrogen and fossil fuels,Haffner Energy unveils Hynoca® Flex 500 IG: A flexible  cost-effective alternative to grey hydrogen and fossil fuels  Cogeneration of hydrogen and......,Haffner Energy unveils Hynoca® Flex 500 IG: A flexible  cost-effective alternative to grey hydrogen and fossil fuelsCogeneration of hydrogen and electricity offers a unique solution for managing random hydrogen demandVitry-le-François  France – April 24  2025  08:00am (CET)Haffner Energy introduces Hynoca® Flex 500 IG  a line of hydrogen production units capable of producing 12 tonnes of green hydrogen per day to be delivered under €3/kg without subsidies. Hynoca®Flex 500 IG also enables the production of cost-competitive renewable electricity to manage fluctuations in hydrogen demand or ensure energy autonomy.“The expectations for hydrogen are extremely high  but they remain significantly constrained by the chicken-and-egg problem and the high cost of green hydrogen production ” said Philippe Haffner  Co-founder and CEO of Haffner Energy. “Our Hynoca® Flex 500 IG solution simultaneously addresses both challenges  in a market worth over €100 billion worldwide. This is a major milestone for our company  which is expected to have a significant impact on our 2025 results  and which should also enable us to build up our order book for the coming years. More generally  it's clearly a major paradigm shift for the global hydrogen ecosystem.”Thanks to existing subsidies  grants or tax credits available in most developed countries  green hydrogen is now clearly cost-competitive with grey (fossil-based) hydrogen  while providing much more flexibility and bringing a carbon-free solution. Not only does hydrogen and electricity cogeneration provide a unique solution for managing fluctuating hydrogen demand  it can also ensure energy autonomy of the system or even create opportunities in off-grid locations.A major breakthrough for the hydrogen marketWith unmatched flexibility  optimized energy efficiency (80%)  and near-independence from power grids  Hynoca® Flex 500 IG emerges as a scalable decentralized alternative to grey hydrogen and fossil fuels. The technology is modular and standardized  which ensures reliable and replicable deployment at scale. Available worldwide  the first units can be reserved starting today  with commissioning of the first units early 2027.A significant EBITDA contribution starting this yearHynoca® Flex 500 IG is expected to make a significant contribution to Haffner Energy’s revenue – and above all to its EBITDA – for the current fiscal year  notably through paying engineering studies. The company reiterates its objective to reach EBITDA breakeven by March 31  2026.Cost-effective  modular green hydrogenHynoca® Flex 500 IG combines performance and modularity to meet industrial and mobility needs:Flexible production  requiring minimal or no grid dependencyOptimization of CAPEX and OPEX  ensuring that hydrogen can be commercialized under €3/kg without subsidies Over 80% energy efficiency  maximizing process performanceRapid deployment  free from grid infrastructure constraintsStandardized design  ensuring predictable performance and simplified integrationA syngas with unmatched competitivenessHynoca® Flex 500 IG generates highly competitive syngas  the precursor to hydrogen. Its low cost opens up new economic opportunities beyond hydrogen production.Profitable peak-hour electricity generation : The cost of syngas is so competitive that it enables power production during peak hours  making it an economically viable solution to balance hydrogen demand fluctuations.: The cost of syngas is so competitive that it enables power production during peak hours  making it an economically viable solution to balance hydrogen demand fluctuations. Operational security without rigid contracts: This flexibility allows plant operators to maintain stable production without requiring rigid offtake agreements.By combining hydrogen and electricity generation  Hynoca® Flex 500 IG ensures continuous operation  optimizing revenue streams and enhancing economic resilience  making final investment decisions (FID) easier.A strategic complement to electrolysis and power-to-liquid (PTL)Each Hynoca® Flex 500 IG unit generates 58 000 tonnes of biogenic CO₂ per year  a key resource for PTL (e-fuels) production and a critical enabler for hydrogen from electrolysis.58 000 tonnes of renewable CO₂ can convert 5 230 tonnes of hydrogen into 42 000 tonnes of e-methanol (or 18 000 tonnes of e-SAF)  easy to transport and store5 230 tonnes of hydrogen is the volume produced each year by 60 MW of electrolyzer capacity (4 000 hours/year load factor)Strategic synergy between Hynoca® Flex 500 IG and electrolysis plants  structuring the hydrogen economyHynoca® Flex 500 IG not only delivers competitive hydrogen  but it also supports the expansion of electrolysis by providing a reliable source of competitive biogenic CO 2 .Proven  standardized technology for industrial scale deploymentHynoca® Flex 500 IG builds on Hynoca® technology  already operational at the Center for hydrogen production  testing and training in Marolles  France. This unit has been producing hydrogen that meets mobility standards.Scaling up this technology ensures industrial continuity with no technical risks  optimizing implementation for large-scale projects.Hynoca® process accepts all possible organic renewable feedstocks  including agricultural residues  sludge  manure  municipal sorted waste  and woody by-products  supporting a circular  low-carbon economy with a near-zero carbon footprint. Compatibility with all organic feedstocks means considerably lower costs  while at the same time significantly improving security of supply.Each Hynoca®Flex 500 IG unit consumes approximately 31 000 tonnes of dry plant-based biomass per year.Reservations system to manage market demandA recent market survey conducted by Haffner Energy indicates that demand for Hynoca® Flex 500 IG will far exceed the company's current industrial and commercial capacity.To structure production and ensure timely deployment  a reservations system is currently being prepared and will open in 2025 Q3. In the meanwhile  requests for quotations can be made to the company in advance.Reservations  which will involve the payment of an upfront fee  constitute a win/win system for the company and its customers  allowing in particular:Guarantee that customers will be served in the face of demand that is expected to far exceed supplySecure delivery timelines and fixed pricingSubstantial savings on typical FID (Final Investment Decision) costsAssistance with feedstock sourcing plansThis system prioritizes committed clients while allowing flexibility for project development  helping to align industrial production capacity with actual market needs.About Haffner EnergyHaffner Energy is a French company providing solutions for the production of competitive clean fuels. With 32 years of experience converting biomass into renewable energies  it has developed innovative proprietary biomass thermolysis and gasification technologies to produce renewable gas  hydrogen and methanol  as well as Sustainable Aviation Fuel (SAF). The company also contributes to regenerating the planet  through the co-production of biogenic CO 2 and biocarbon (or char/biochar). Haffner Energy is listed on Euronext Growth. (ISIN code: FR0014007ND6 – Ticker: ALHAF).Media relationsHAFFNER ENERGYLaure BOURDONlaure.bourdon@haffner-energy.com+33 (0) 7 87 96 35 15Sales relationssales@haffner-energy.comInvestor relationsinvestisseurs@haffner-energy.comAttachment,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,mixed,0.64,0.25,0.1,True,English,"['Hynoca® Flex 500 IG', 'flexible, cost-effective alternative', 'Haffner Energy', 'grey hydrogen', 'fossil fuels', 'Each Hynoca® Flex 500 IG unit', 'Profitable peak-hour electricity generation', 'Cost-effective, modular green hydrogen', 'Hynoca® Flex 500 IG solution', 'Hynoca®Flex 500 IG', 'flexible, cost-effective alternative', 'most developed countries', 'scalable decentralized alternative', 'final investment decisions', 'rigid offtake agreements', 'major paradigm shift', 'current fiscal year', 'grid infrastructure constraints', 'year load factor', 'global hydrogen ecosystem', 'cost-competitive renewable electricity', 'random hydrogen demand', 'fluctuating hydrogen demand', 'new economic opportunities', 'Proven, standardized technology', 'grey (fossil-based) hydrogen', 'hydrogen demand fluctuations', 'green hydrogen production', 'competitive biogenic CO', 'significant EBITDA contribution', 'hydrogen production units', 'industrial scale deployment', 'Hynoca® technology', 'significant contribution', 'Flexible production', 'Standardized design', 'rigid contracts', 'economic resilience', 'biogenic CO₂', 'renewable CO₂', 'grey hydrogen', 'major milestone', 'significant impact', 'grid locations', 'major breakthrough', 'replicable deployment', 'first units', 'grid dependency', 'Rapid deployment', 'competitive hydrogen', 'power production', 'stable production', 'fuels) production', 'Haffner Energy', 'fossil fuels', 'unique solution', 'energy autonomy', 'egg problem', 'Philippe Haffner', 'order book', 'coming years', 'tax credits', 'carbon-free solution', 'energy efficiency', 'power grids', 'engineering studies', 'mobility needs', 'simplified integration', 'unmatched competitiveness', 'Operational security', 'plant operators', 'continuous operation', 'strategic complement', 'key resource', 'critical enabler', 'electrolyzer capacity', 'Strategic synergy', 'hydrogen economy', 'mobility standards', 'electricity cogeneration', 'process performance', 'predictable performance', 'peak hours', 'competitive syngas', 'high cost', 'hydrogen market', 'low cost', 'revenue streams', 'reliable source', 'existing subsidies', 'unmatched flexibility', 'electrolysis plants', '4,000 hours', 'France', 'April', 'CET', 'line', '12 tonnes', 'day', 'expectations', 'chicken', 'founder', 'CEO', 'challenges', 'company', '2025 results', 'grants', 'independence', 'commissioning', 'objective', 'March', 'modularity', 'minimal', 'Optimization', 'CAPEX', 'OPEX', 'precursor', 'FID', 'liquid', 'PTL', '58,000 tonnes', '5,230 tonnes', '42,000 tonnes', 'methanol', '18,000 tonnes', 'SAF', 'volume', '60 MW', 'expansion', 'Center', 'testing', 'training', 'Marolles']",2025-04-24,2025-04-25,globenewswire.com
50295,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2025/04/24/3067743/0/en/LECTRA-Q1-2025-Business-slowdown-due-to-unprecedented-environment.html,LECTRA: Q1 2025: Business slowdown due to unprecedented environment,Q1 2025: Business slowdown due to unprecedented environment  Revenues: 134.4 million euros (+4%)*EBITDA before non-recurring items: 21.1 million euros......,Q1 2025: Business slowdown due to unprecedented environmentRevenues: 134.4 million euros (+4%)*EBITDA before non-recurring items: 21.1 million euros (stable)*Net income: 5.8 million euros (-13%)*Update of 2025 annual forecast premature*At actual exchange ratesJanuary 1 - March 31 2025 2024 Changes 2025/2024 (in millions of euros) Actualexchange rates Like-for-like(1) Revenues 134.4 129.6 +4% +1% ARR (2) 90.3 +2% +3% EBITDA before non-recurring items 21.1 21.1 +0% -6% EBITDA margin before non-recurring items 15.7% 16.3% -0 6 point -0 9 point Net income 5.8 6.7 -13% -Shareholders’ Equity 368.8 341.6 - - Net cash (+) / Net financial debt (-) -4.6 -18.8 - -(1) On a constant currency basis and for a comparable scope of consolidation(2) At December 31  2024 and March 31  2025Paris  April 24  2025. Today  Lectra’s Board of Directors  chaired by Daniel Harari  reviewed the unaudited consolidated financial statements for the first quarter of 2025.MACROECONOMIC AND GEOPOLITICAL SITUATION: AN UNPRECEDENTED SHOCKSince early March  the global economic situation has deteriorated. The unexpectedly sweeping new tariffs announced on April 2 have caused considerable volatility in global financial markets and led to significant declines in market valuations and indices across all countries. They have also had major negative impacts on businesses worldwide  creating uncertainty and restraining their near-term growth prospects.Limited direct impactAs of today  software and services are not subject to customs duties. Half of the equipment sales in the United States come from local production. On the other hand  a small portion of this production is sold in China. Therefore  only 10% of the revenue is affected by the announced customs duties.The Group has reflected the increased customs duties in its selling prices.Robust competitive positionThe distortion of competition regarding equipment is virtually nil in the near term  as manufacturing by competitors in the United States is extremely limited. Were the situation to continue over the long term  it would be expected to work in Lectra's favor  as competitors manufacture for the most part in Asia and in Europe. The Group is also the only one to have three production sites  in France  China and the United Sates.A sense of apprehension that reinforces customers' wait-and-see attitudeCustomers and contract manufacturers must now adjust to this new economic landscape -- in terms of pricing policy  production  investment  or future strategy.The long-term effects of these new tariffs  if confirmed  could have repercussions on inflation  growth  and supply chains.Should the situation deteriorate  a global economic slowdown could be observed  with higher prices for consumers and lower profits for companies  leading to financing difficulties and reduced investment.SUMMARY FOR Q1 2025To facilitate the analysis of the Group's results  the accounts are compared to those published for 2024 (at actual exchange rates) and  for the 2025 vs 2024 comparisons  to the aux 2024 pro-forma accounts (presented on a like-for-like basis)  including Launchmetrics from January 1.Given the importance of SaaS activity for Lectra  the Group has decided to publish a new indicator  ARR (Annual Recurring Revenue)  which is commonly used in the SaaS industry.ARR at March 31  2025  came to 90.3 million euros  up 3% higher than at the end of 2024 at comparable exchange rates.Q1 2025 revenues (134.5 million euros) were up 4% at actual exchange rates and up 1% on a like-for-like basis  reflecting the slowdown observed early in March.EBITDA before non-recurring items totaled 21.1 million euros  holding stable at actual exchange rates and down 6% on a like-for-like basis. The EBITDA margin before non-recurring items was 15.7%.After accounting for an amortization charge of intangible assets amounting to 5.9 million euros  the income from operation before non-recurring items decreased by 12% on a comparable basis  to 10.3 million euros.Net income amounted to 5.8 million euros  down 13% at actual exchange rates.High free cash flow before non-recurring itemsFree cash flow before non-recurring items remained high at 17.7 million euros in Q1 2025  after the record level of 22.0 million euros posted in Q1 2024.A particularly robust sheetAt March 31  2025  the Group had a particularly robust balance sheet with a consolidated shareholders’ equity of 368.8 million euros and a net financial debt of 4.6 million euros. The Group has thus continued to reduce its debt at a sustained pace  14 months after financing the acquisition of a majority stake in Launchmetrics.OUTLOOKIn the management discussion and analysis of the consolidated financial statements for the fourth quarter and full year 2024  published on February 12  2025  Lectra reiterated its long-term vision  together with the objectives of its strategic roadmap for 2023-2025.The Group noted that in a challenging environment  having proven its resilience and the quality of its fundamentals  Lectra had approached the year 2025 with confidence  pursuing its strategy by meeting customers' needs as closely as possible through the quality of its offer for Industry 4.0 and by developing its SaaS activity.In light of the unprecedented circumstances stemming from economic and policy announcements  leading to a stronger-than-anticipated wait-and-see attitude among its customers  it is premature to provide updated annual forecasts at this time.The 2024 Financial Report  as well as the Management Discussion and analysis of financial conditions and results of operations and the financial statements for Q1 2025 are available on lectra.com. The Shareholders' General and Special Meetings will be held on April 25  2025  in the Company’s offices. Q2 and H1 2025 earnings will be published on July 24  2025  after the close of the Paris Stock Exchange.About LectraAt the forefront of innovation since its founding in 1973  Lectra provides industrial intelligence technology solutions—combining software in SaaS mode  cutting equipment  data  and associated services—to players in the fashion  automotive and furniture industries. With boldness and passion  Lectra accelerates the transformation and success of its customers in a world in perpetual motion thanks to the key technologies of Industry 4.0: AI  big data  cloud and the internet of things.The Group is present in more than one hundred countries. It operates three production sites for its cutting equipment  located in France  China and the United States. Lectra's 3 000 employees are driven by three core values: being open-minded thinkers  trusted partners and passionate innovators. They all share the same concern for social responsibility  which is one of the pillars of Lectra's strategy to ensure its sustainable growth and that of its customers.Lectra reported revenues of €527 million in 2024  including €77 million coming from its SaaS offerings. The company is listed on Euronext  and is included in the CAC All Shares  CAC Technology  EN Tech Leaders and ENT PEA-PME 150 indices.For more information  visit ww.lectra.com.Lectra – World Headquarters: 16–18  rue Chalgrin • 75016 Paris • FranceTel. +33 (0)1 53 64 42 00 – www.lectra.comA French Société Anonyme with capital of €37 966 274 • RCS Paris B 300 702 305Attachment,neutral,0.0,0.9,0.09,mixed,0.35,0.13,0.53,True,English,"['Business slowdown', 'unprecedented environment', 'LECTRA', 'Q1', 'High free cash flow', 'unaudited consolidated financial statements', '2025 annual forecast premature', 'global financial markets', 'major negative impacts', 'Limited direct impact', 'Robust competitive position', 'new economic landscape', 'consolidated shareholders’ equity', 'actual exchange rates', 'robust balance sheet', 'comparable exchange rates', 'sweeping new tariffs', 'near-term growth prospects', 'global economic slowdown', 'aux 2024 pro-forma accounts', 'global economic situation', 'three production sites', 'Net financial debt', 'constant currency basis', 'Annual Recurring Revenue', 'Net cash', 'robust sheet', 'new indicator', 'comparable scope', 'recurring items', 'Net income', 'Business slowdown', 'unprecedented environment', 'Daniel Harari', 'first quarter', 'UNPRECEDENTED SHOCK', 'considerable volatility', 'significant declines', 'market valuations', 'customs duties', 'United States', 'other hand', 'small portion', 'selling prices', 'near term', 'long term', 'most part', 'United Sates', 'contract manufacturers', 'pricing policy', 'future strategy', 'long-term effects', 'supply chains', 'higher prices', 'lower profits', 'financing difficulties', 'SaaS activity', 'SaaS industry', 'amortization charge', 'intangible assets', 'record level', 'sustained pace', 'majority stake', 'management discussion', 'fourth quarter', 'full year', 'long-term vision', 'strategic roadmap', 'challenging environment', 'comparable basis', '1.1 million euros', '5.8 million euros', '90.3 million euros', '5.9 million euros', '10.3 million euros', '17.7 million euros', '22.0 million euros', '368.8 million euros', '4.6 million euros', 'GEOPOLITICAL SITUATION', 'local production', 'The Group', 'equipment sales', 'EBITDA margin', 'early March', 'Q1 2025 revenues', 'Update', 'January', '2024 Changes', 'millions', 'ARR', 'consolidation', 'December', 'Paris', 'April', 'Lectra', 'Board', 'Directors', 'MACROECONOMIC', 'indices', 'countries', 'businesses', 'uncertainty', 'today', 'software', 'services', 'Half', 'China', 'distortion', 'competition', 'manufacturing', 'competitors', 'favor', 'Asia', 'Europe', 'France', 'sense', 'apprehension', 'customers', 'attitude', 'terms', 'investment', 'repercussions', 'inflation', 'consumers', 'companies', 'reduced', 'SUMMARY', 'analysis', 'results', 'Launchmetrics', 'importance', 'end', 'operation', 'acquisition', 'OUTLOOK', 'February', 'objectives', 'resilience', 'quality', 'fundamentals', 'approac']",2025-04-24,2025-04-25,globenewswire.com
50296,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.thehindubusinessline.com/companies/akzonobel-nears-conclusion-of-india-business-review-as-strategic-talks-intensify-likely-deal-conclusion-by-june/article69485899.ece,AkzoNobel nears conclusion of India business review as strategic talks intensify  likely deal conclusion by June,JSW Paints  Indigo Paints (backed by PE firm Advent) and possibly Pidilite are the ones in fray. Two binding bids have already come in  and a third is awaited  probably by the end of April,AkzoNobel NV  the Dutch paints and coatings giant  is likely to finalise a pivotal strategic review of its India operations by the end of mid-May to June  a move that could see the global major possibly exit India markets  in totality or partially  with a stake offload.The company  known for brands like Dulux  has been in active discussions to rationalise its South Asia portfolio  with India at the heart of the talks. Akzo has a 74 per cent stake in the India business  and the company top brass maintains it could either carry out a full stake offload  or partial sale  depending on the bid.The India business has a market capitalisation of about ₹15 000 crore; which includes some verticals like powder coatings  that wouldn’t be included in the sale.The business review  first signaled last year  comes as Akzo seeks to streamline operations and boost efficiency amid global economic uncertainties.‘Dynamic discussions’Greg Poux-Guillaume  Chief Executive  at Akzo Nobel NV  described the discussions as “dynamic” and emphasised a focus on securing the “best outcome for AkzoNobel and our business locally.”The company’s goal  he added  is to conclude the process by the second quarter’s end  a timeline reiterated despite global trade tensions and tariff uncertainties.“India  our timing is still to be able to come to a conclusion in Q2 (April - June). So that hasn’t changed. But once again  discussions are active. They’re dynamic ” Poux-Guillaume  said during the investor call.For Akzo  its India business “has outperformed softer regional markets  posting resilient growth despite a temporary slowdown in the first quarter of 2025”.“Our Indian business outperformed in a temporary market low ” Poux-Guillaume  said during the call.AkzoNobel India  the fourth player by market size  is centred on decorative paints for homes and commercial spaces  operates as a largely self-contained unit  insulated from global supply chain disruptions.The India unit is listed on Indian stock exchanges. Earlier this year  it acquired the Dulux brand’s intellectual property rights for India  Nepal  Bhutan  and Bangladesh for ₹1 152 crore. Concurrently  it sold its powder coatings business to the parent company for ₹2 073 crore and its R&D vertical for ₹70 crore. The net proceeds of ₹991 crore will cover tax obligations from the sales and fund dividends to shareholders.“This is largely an India-for-India business ” Poux-Guillaume noted  highlighting its resilience in a deglobalising world.businessline had previously reported that JSW Paints  Indigo Paints and possibly Pidilite are the ones in fray. Two binding bids have already come in  and a third is awaited  probably by the end of April.“Discussions are continuing ” Poux-Guillaume said  declining to elaborate on potential partners or structures.The review aligns with AkzoNobel’s broader push to enhance efficiency. The company has already slashed over 1 600 jobs globally - 70 per cent of its targeted 2 200 headcount reduction - and is closing underutilised plants in Europe to lift capacity utilisation to the mid-70s. In India  where operations are optimised for local demand  the focus is less on cost-cutting and more on unlocking value.Akzo NV estimates a modest €35 million EBITDA hit from tariffs globally  with India’s exposure minimal due to its localised model. The stock  traded on Euronext Amsterdam  has been buoyed by its Q1 performance  flat organic sales and EBITDA of €357 million.Published on April 24  2025,neutral,0.01,0.98,0.01,negative,0.0,0.22,0.78,True,English,"['India business review', 'strategic talks', 'AkzoNobel', 'conclusion', 'June', 'global supply chain disruptions', 'modest €35 million EBITDA hit', 'South Asia portfolio', 'softer regional markets', 'intellectual property rights', 'R&D vertical', 'Two binding bids', 'global trade tensions', 'global economic uncertainties', 'full stake offload', 'pivotal strategic review', 'flat organic sales', 'exit India markets', '74 per cent stake', 'company top brass', 'Indian stock exchanges', 'The India unit', 'Akzo Nobel NV', 'The India business', 'powder coatings business', '70 per cent', 'Indian business', 'tariff uncertainties', 'contained unit', 'business review', 'Dutch paints', 'market capitalisation', 'Chief Executive', 'best outcome', 'second quarter', 'resilient growth', 'temporary slowdown', 'first quarter', 'temporary market', 'fourth player', 'market size', 'decorative paints', 'commercial spaces', 'net proceeds', 'tax obligations', 'deglobalising world', 'JSW Paints', 'Indigo Paints', 'potential partners', 'broader push', '2,200 headcount reduction', 'capacity utilisation', 'local demand', 'localised model', 'Euronext Amsterdam', 'Q1 performance', 'Akzo NV', 'AkzoNobel NV', 'parent company', 'partial sale', 'investor call', 'Dulux brand', 'active discussions', 'Dynamic discussions', 'AkzoNobel India', 'Greg Poux-Guillaume', 'India operations', 'end', 'mid-May', 'June', 'move', 'major', 'totality', 'brands', 'heart', 'talks', '15,000 crore', 'verticals', 'efficiency', 'focus', 'goal', 'process', 'timeline', 'timing', 'conclusion', 'Q2', 'April', 'homes', 'Nepal', 'Bhutan', 'Bangladesh', '₹1,152 crore', '073 crore', '₹70 crore', '991 crore', 'fund', 'shareholders', 'resilience', 'businessline', 'Pidilite', 'fray', 'third', 'structures', '1,600 jobs', 'plants', 'Europe', 'mid-70s', 'cost-cutting', 'value', 'tariffs', 'exposure', 'minimal']",2025-04-24,2025-04-25,thehindubusinessline.com
50297,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2025/04/24/3067681/0/en/Guerbet-Q1-2025-revenue.html,Guerbet: Q1 2025 revenue,Q1 2025 revenue   Quarterly activity   Revenue: €180.1m  down 7.1% at CER1 and on a like-for-like basis2As expected  a first quarter marked by a......,Q1 2025 revenueQuarterly activityRevenue: €180.1m  down 7.1% at CER 1 and on a like-for-like basis 2and on a like-for-like basis As expected  a first quarter marked by a persistent impact on France and a penalizing base effectDeclining momentum in Diagnostic Imaging (-8.7% at CER and on a like-for-like basis) and growing in Interventional Imaging (+5.8% at CER and on a like-for-like basis)Annual targets confirmedFurther growth in profitability: restated EBITDA margin 3 expected to exceed 15%  backed by revenue growth of 3-5% at CER and on a like-for-like basisexpected to exceed 15%  backed by revenue growth of 3-5% at CER and on a like-for-like basis Free Cash Flow in positive territoryVillepinte  April 24  2025  5:45 p.m.: Guerbet (FR0000032526 GBT)  a global specialist in contrast products and solutions for medical imaging  is publishing its revenue for the first quarter of the financial year. At March 31  2025  the Group’s sales totaled €180.1m (€m)  down 7.3% compared to the same period in 2024. Given an unfavorable foreign exchange effect of €1.1m  mainly linked to the Brazilian real  Guerbet’s revenue at CER1 was down 6.8%. At CER and on a like-for-like basis2  i.e. excluding the Urology and Accurate divested businesses (including sales made in 2025 of stocks of components and finished products)  sales over the period were down 7.1%.Geographical breakdown of the Group’s consolidated revenue (IFRS)In millions of euros at March 31  2025Q1 2025Q1 2024 % changeQ1 2025at CER1% changeat CER EMEA sales 80.3 83.9 -4.3% 80.1 -4.5% Americas sales 53.5 56.3 -4.9% 55.0 -2.4% Asia sales 44.3 52.9 -16.1% 44.2 -16.3% Total on a like-for-like basis 178.2 193.1 -7.7% 179.3 -7.1% Divested businesses (Accurate and urology) 1.9 1.2 - 1.8 - Total 180.1 194.3 -7.3% 181.1 -6.8%In EMEA  Guerbet’s revenue for the period amounted to €80.3m  down 4.5% at CER and on a like-for-like basis. This change is entirely due to the contraction in activity in France (-21.2%) in line with the Group’s expectations of a still significant impact of the supply reform over the first half of 2025. Excluding France  the EMEA region posted growth of 4.3% at CER and on a like-for-like basis in the first quarter.In the Americas  activity totaled €53.5m in the first three months of the financial year  down 2.4% at CER and on a like-for-like basis; this is the result of stable overall volumes and slightly lower prices  but also the effect of restocking in Q1 2024 following production constraints in 2023  which led to particularly high sales levels.In Asia  sales of €44.3m were down 16.3% over the period at CER and on a like-for-like basis  impacted by a very demanding comparison base (+26.8% growth in Q1 2024 at CER)  a contraction in activity in Vietnam linked to the postponement of orders to H2 2025  as well as the continued slowdown in South Korea.Breakdown of the Group’s consolidated revenue by activity (IFRS)In millions of euros at March 31  2025Q1 2025Q1 2024 % changeQ1 2025at CER1% changeat CER Diagnostic Imaging 156.2 172.5 -9.4% 157.5 -8.7% MRI 57.3 58.2 -1.4% 57.4 -1.4% X-ray 98.9 114.3 -13.5% 100.1 -12.4% Interventional Imaging 21.9 20.6 +6.5% 21.8 +5.8% Total on a like-for-like basis 178.2 193.1 -7.7% 179.3 -7.1% Divested businesses (Accurate and urology) 1.9 1.2 - 1.8 - Total 180.1 194.3 -7.3% 181.1 -6.8%By business  Diagnostic Imaging sales totaled €156.2m in Q1 2025  down 8.7% at CER and on a like-for-like basis compared to the same period a year earlier.Revenue for the MRI division was down 1.4% at CER and on a like-for-like basis. Excluding the impact of France  it posted growth of 1.4% over the period  thanks to the continued momentum around the Dotarem ® /Elucirem TM franchise.was down 1.4% at CER and on a like-for-like basis. Excluding the impact of France  it posted growth of 1.4% over the period  thanks to the continued momentum around the Dotarem /Elucirem franchise. The X-ray division recorded sales of €98.9m  down 12.4% at CER and on a like-for-like basis  mainly due to sales in France  the Americas and Vietnam  which had seen a very strong catch-up a year earlier.In Interventional Imaging  the trend remains positive with revenue of €21.9m  up 5.8% at CER and on a like-for-like basis. Performance driven by Lipiodol®  which is experiencing dynamic price trends and strong growth in vascular embolization.Confirmation of all the financial targets for 2025The trends observed over the first three months of the year confirm the growth sequencing outlook expected by Guerbet for 2025  with a first half stable at best followed by an acceleration in the second half driven by the stabilization of activity in France and a more favorable base effect.The Group thus confirms that it expects revenue growth of between 3% and 5% over the full year at CER and on a like-for-like basis. At the same time  further growth in profitability is still expected thanks to continued cost control and the favorable change in the product mix  with an expected restated EBITDA margin of more than 15%. Lastly  Free Cash Flow is expected to be positive in 2025.Upcoming event:Publication of H1 2025 revenueJuly 24  2025  after market closeAbout GuerbetAt Guerbet  we build lasting relationships so that we enable people to live better. That is our purpose. We are a global leader in medical imaging  offering a comprehensive range of pharmaceutical products  medical devices  and digital and AI solutions for diagnostic and interventional imaging. As pioneers in contrast products for 98 years  with more than 2 905 employees worldwide  we continuously innovate and devote 9% of our revenue to Research and Development in four centers in France and the United States. Guerbet (GBT) is listed in compartment B of Euronext Paris and generated revenue of €841m in 2024. For more information  please visit www.guerbet.com.Forward-looking statementsCertain information contained in this press release is not historical data but constitutes forward-looking statements. These forward-looking statements are based on estimates  forecasts and assumptions including  without limitation  assumptions regarding the Group’s current and future strategy and the economic environment in which the Group operates. They involve known and unknown risks  uncertainties and other factors  which may result in a significant difference between the Group’s actual performance and results and those presented explicitly or implicitly in these forward-looking statements.These forward-looking statements are only valid as of the date of this press release and the Group expressly disclaims any obligation or commitment to issue an update or revision of the forward-looking statements contained in this press release to reflect changes in the assumptions  events  conditions or circumstances on which such forward-looking statements are based. Forward-looking statements contained in this press release are for illustrative purposes only. Forward-looking statements and information are not guarantees of future performance and are subject to risks and uncertainties that are difficult to predict and generally beyond the control of the Group.These risks and uncertainties include  but are not limited to  uncertainties inherent in research and development  future clinical data and analyses  including post-marketing analyses  decisions by regulatory authorities  such as the Food and Drug Administration or the European Medicines Agency  whether or not to approve  and when  the application for a drug  process or biological product for one of these candidate products  as well as their labeling decisions and other factors that may affect the availability or commercial potential of these candidate products. A detailed description of the risks and uncertainties related to the Group’s activities can be found in chapter 4.9 “Risk factors” of the Group’s Universal Registration Document registered by the AMF under number D.24-0224 on April 3  2024  available on the Group’s website (www.guerbet.com).GlossaryNet debt: Net financial debt is defined as the sum of current and non-current borrowings less cash and cash equivalents and marketable securities.EBITDA: EBITDA is defined as operating income plus net depreciation  amortization  impairment and provisions for risks.Restated EBITDA: Restated EBITDA is defined as EBITDA minus non-recurring expenses paid to employees following their departure due to restructuring.Free Cash Flow (FCF): Free cash flow is defined as the change in net debt from one year to the next.Like-for-like basis: Like-for-like basis refers to the scope excluding the urology and Accurate businesses  sold in July 2024 and January 2025 respectively.At constant exchange rates: At constant exchange rates means the impact of exchange rates is eliminated by recalculating sales for the period based on the exchange rates used for the previous year.1 At constant exchange rates: the impact of exchange rates was eliminated by recalculating sales for the period based on the exchange rates used for the previous financial year.2 Excluding the Urology and Accurate businesses  sold in July 2024 and January 2025 respectively.3 Excluding non-recurring costs related to the optimization of the operational framework and changes to the sales model.Attachment,neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,mixed,0.45,0.24,0.31,True,English,"['Q1 2025 revenue', 'Guerbet', 'unfavorable foreign exchange effect', 'Free Cash Flow', 'positive territory Villepinte', 'stable overall volumes', 'demanding comparison base', 'Elucirem TM franchise', 'penalizing base effect', 'first three months', 'favorable base effect', 'Dotarem /Elucirem franchise', 'dynamic price trends', 'high sales levels', 'growth sequencing outlook', 'The X-ray division', 'Diagnostic Imaging sales', 'Accurate divested businesses', 'CER Diagnostic Imaging', 'Q1 2024 % change Q1', 'CER EMEA sales', 'favorable change', 'first quarter', 'Interventional Imaging', 'medical imaging', 'first half', 'Declining momentum', 'Annual targets', 'FR0000032526 GBT', 'global specialist', 'contrast products', 'Brazilian real', 'finished products', 'supply reform', 'EMEA region', 'lower prices', 'production constraints', 'continued slowdown', 'South Korea', 'MRI division', 'continued momentum', 'strong catch-up', 'vascular embolization', 'financial targets', 'second half', 'same time', 'cost control', 'product mix', 'CER1 % change', 'financial year', 'full year', 'Further growth', 'strong growth', 'The Group', 'persistent impact', 'EBITDA margin', 'Geographical breakdown', 'significant impact', 'consolidated revenue', 'Q1 2025 revenue', 'same period', 'Asia sales', 'Quarterly activity', 'revenue growth', 'Dotarem ®', 'basis', 'France', 'profitability', 'April', 'Guerbet', 'solutions', 'March', 'Urology', 'stocks', 'components', 'IFRS', 'millions', 'euros', 'Americas', 'Total', 'contraction', 'line', 'expectations', 'result', 'restocking', 'Vietnam', 'postponement', 'orders', 'H2', 'Performance', 'Lipiodol®', 'Confirmation', 'acceleration', 'stabilization', 'restated', '5:45']",2025-04-24,2025-04-25,globenewswire.com
50298,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2025/04/24/3067694/0/en/Cegedim-Like-for-like-revenues-grew-4-5-in-the-first-quarter.html,Cegedim: Like-for-like revenues grew 4.5% in the first quarter,Quarterly financial information as of March 31  2025IFRS - Regulated information - Not audited  Revenue grew 3.5% as reported and 4.5% LFL to €161.3......,Quarterly financial information as of March 31  2025IFRS - Regulated information - Not auditedRevenue grew 3.5% as reported and 4.5% LFL to €161.3 million in the first quarter of 2025.The marketing  health insurance  HR  and cloud businesses delivered the most solid growth.Boulogne-Billancourt  France  April 24  2025  after the market closeRevenueFirst quarter Change Q1 2025 / 2024 in millions of euros 2025 2024 Reported Life for like(1)(2) Software & Services 72.4 74.4 (2.6)% (0.4)% Flow 27.6 25.3 +8.9% +8.8% Data & Marketing 29.9 27.0 +10.6% +10.6% BPO 21.1 20.2 +4.3% +4.3% Cloud & Support 10.3 9.0 +14.8% +14.8% Cegedim 161.3 155.9 +3.5% +4.5%Cegedim’s consolidated first-quarter 2025 revenues rose to €161.3 million  up 3.5% as reported and 4.5% like for like(1) compared with the same period in 2024.Marketing  health insurance  HR  and cloud businesses delivered the most solid growth over the first quarter. The deconsolidation of INPS on December 10  2024  following its voluntary placement in administration  weighed on reported growth at the Software & Services division and Group level.Analysis of business trends by divisionSoftware & ServicesSoftware & Services First quarter Change Q1 2025 / 2024 in millions of euros 2025 2024 Reported Like for like(1) Cegedim Santé 18.9 18.1 +4.7% (4.7)% Insurance  HR  Pharmacies  and other services 44.1 42.7 +3.4% +3.4% International businesses 9.4 13.6 (31.1)% (6.9)% Software & Services 72.4 74.4 (2.6)% (0.4%Revenues at Cegedim Santé grew 4.7% as reported in the first quarter but fell 4.7% like for like. Reported growth got a boost from the consolidation over the full quarter of Visiodent  which was first consolidated on March 1  2024. The Maiia suite of products and the Claude Bernard database are both doing well  but their momentum was obscured by the expiration of a contract to supply data. That contract is being renegotiated  but it did not generate any revenues in the first quarter.Other French subsidiaries saw revenue growth of 3.4% both as reported and like for like. The division was propelled by growth at the insurance businesses  thanks to robust project-based sales and the start of the run phase of projects started in 2024. The HR business is still getting a boost from its client diversification strategy and strong growth in its core market. On the other hand  because it is between waves of Ségur public health investments  sales of products and services for pharmacies in France are experiencing a lacklustre business environment.International businesses posted reported revenues down 31.1% owing to the deconsolidation of INPS from December 10  2024  following its voluntary placement in administration. Like-for-like revenues declined 6.9% due to an unfavorable comparison in sales to pharmacies in the UK—which got a boost from the Pharmacy First program in Q1 2024—and because a client of Activus  a UK subsidiary selling software for health insurance and personal protection insurance for expats  went out of business at the end of 2024. Both businesses have clear prospects that will reverse the downward trend in the months ahead. Other international activities had a positive quarter and remain on track.FlowFlow First quarter Change Q1 2025 / 2024 in millions of euros 2025 2024 Reported Like for like(2) e-business 16.9 15.4 +9.0% +8.8% Third-party payer 10.7 9.9 +8.7% +8.7% Flow 27.6 25.3 +8.9% +8.8%First-quarter growth in e-business  e-invoicing  and digitized data exchanges was 9.0% as reported and 8.8% like for like  and both business segments contributed to the gains. E-Invoicing & Procurement continues to expand in France and abroad  whereas the Healthcare Flow segment is still getting a boost from dynamic new offerings for hospitals that are designed to make their drug purchasing secure.The Third-party payer business experienced 8.7% growth in Q1. It was boosted by strong growth in demand for its fraud and long-term illness detection offerings  a trend that began in H2 2024.Data & MarketingData & Marketing First quarter Change Q1 2025 / 2024 in millions of euros 2025 2024 Reported Like for like(1) Data 13.8 13.0 +5.9% +5.9% Marketing 16.1 14.0 +14.9% +14.9% Data & Marketing 29.9 27.0 +10.6% +10.6%Data businesses were up 5.9% in the first quarter on the back of a strong showing in France  where sales are stronger than they are abroad.The Marketing segment posted robust growth of 14.9% owing to strong sales after new client wins and brisk business with existing clients.BPOBPO First quarter Change Q1 2025 / 2024 in millions of euros 2025 2024 Reported Like for like(1) Insurance BPO 15.2 14.5 +4.7% +4.7% Business Services BPO 5.9 5.7 +3.4% +3.4% BPO 21.1 20.2 +4.3% +4.3%The Insurance BPO business grew by 4.7% over the quarter  chiefly owing to its overflow business  which has been flourishing lately because it serves a critical need for clients.Business Services BPO (HR and digitalization) reported growth of 3.4% in the first quarter on the back of a popular complianceoffering.Cloud & SupportCloud & Support First quarter Change Q1 2025 / 2024 in millions of euros 2025 2024 Reported Like for like(1) Cloud & Support 10.3 9.0 +14.8% +14.8%The Cloud & Support division continued to build on the momentum it generated in 2024  with growth of 14.8% in Q1 reflecting an expanded range of sovereign cloud-backed products and services.HighlightsTo the best of the company’s knowledge  there were no events or changes during the first quarter of 2025 that would materially alter the Group’s financial situation.Significant transactions and events post March 31  2025To the best of the company’s knowledge  there were no post-closing events or changes after March 31  2025  that would materially alter the Group’s financial situation.OutlookBased on the currently available information  the Group expects 2025 like-for-like revenue(3) growth to be in the range of 2-4% relative to 2024. Recurring operating income should continue to improve  following a similar trajectory as in 2024.These targets are not forecasts and may need to be revised if there is a significant worsening of geopolitical  macroeconomic  or currency risks.WEBCAST ON APRIL 24  2025  AT 6:15 PM (PARIS TIME) The webcast is available at: www.cegedim.fr/webcast The Q1 2025 revenue presentation is available at:https://www.cegedim.fr/documentation/Pages/presentation.aspxFinancial calendar:2025 June 13 at 9:30July 24 after the closeSeptember 25 after the closeSeptember 26 at 10:00 amOctober 23 after the close Shareholders’ general meetingH1 2025 revenuesH1 2025 resultsSFAF meetingQ3 2025 revenuesFinancial calendar: https://www.cegedim.fr/finance/agenda/Pages/default.aspxDisclaimerThis press release is available in French and in English. In the event of any difference between the two versions  the original French version takes precedence. This press release may contain inside information. It was sent to Cegedim’s authorized distributor on April 24  2025  no earlier than 5:45 pm Paris time.The figures cited in this press release include guidance on Cegedim's future financial performance targets. This forward-looking information is based on the opinions and assumptions of the Group’s senior management at the time this press release is issued and naturally entails risks and uncertainty. For more information on the risks facing Cegedim  please refer to Chapter 7  “Risk management”  section 7.2  “Risk factors and insurance”  and Chapter 3  “Overview of the financial year”  section 3.6  “Outlook”  of the 2024 Universal Registration Document filled with the AMF on April 7  2025  under number D.24-0233.About Cegedim:Founded in 1969  Cegedim is an innovative technology and services company in the field of digital data flow management for healthcare ecosystems and B2B  and a business software publisher for healthcare and insurance professionals. Cegedim employs nearly6 700 people in more than 10 countries and generated revenue of over €654 million in 2024.Cegedim SA is listed in Paris (EURONEXT: CGM).To learn more please visit: www.cegedim.frAnd follow Cegedim on X @CegedimGroup  LinkedIn  and Facebook.Aude BalleydierCegedimMedia Relationsand Communications ManagerTel.: +33 (0)1 49 09 68 81aude.balleydier@cegedim.fr Damien BuffetCegedimHead of FinancialCommunicationTel.: +33 (0)7 64 63 55 73damien.buffet@cegedim.com Céline PardoBecoming RP AgencyMedia Relations ConsultantTel.: +33 (0)6 52 08 13 66cegedim@becoming-group.com____________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________AppendixBreakdown of revenue by quarter and divisionYear 2025in millions of euros Q1 Q2 Q3 Q4 Total Software & Services 72.4 72.4 Flow 27.6 27.6 Data & Marketing 29.9 29.9 BPO 21.1 21.1 Cloud & Support 10.3 10.3 Group revenue 161.3 161.3Year 2024in millions of euros Q1 Q2 Q3 Q4 Total Software & Services 74.4 77.8 75.6 80.1 307.8 Flow 25.4 24.2 23.7 27.0 100.3 Data & Marketing 27.0 32.3 28.2 38.4 125.9 BPO 20.2 19.7 21.6 21.2 82.7 Cloud & Support 9.0 9.1 7.7 12.0 37.8 Group revenue 155.9 163.1 156.8 178.7 654.5Breakdown of revenue by geographic zone  currency  and division at March 31  2025as a % of consolidated revenuesGeographic zone Currency France EMEAex. France Americas Euro GBP Other Software & Services 87.1% 12.8% 0.1% 91.1% 6.8% 2.0% Flow 91.6% 8.4% 0.0% 94.3% 5.7% 0.0% Data & marketing 97.7% 2.3% 0.0% 98.3% 0.0% 1.7% BPO 100.0% 0.0% 0.0% 100.0% 0.0% 0.0% Cloud & Support 97.0% 3.0% 0.0% 97.0% 0.0% 3.0% Cegedim 92.1% 7.8% 0.1% 94.5% 4.0% 1.5%(1) At constant scope and exchange rates.(2) The positive currency impact of 0.1% was mainly due to the pound sterling. The negative scope effect of 1.1% was attributable to the deconsolidation of INPS as of December 10  2024  which the consolidation of Visiodent starting March 1  2024 only partly offset.(2) At constant scope and exchange rates.(3)At constant scope and exchange rates.Attachment,neutral,0.18,0.81,0.0,negative,0.0,0.24,0.75,True,English,"['first quarter', 'Cegedim', 'revenues', 'Ségur public health investments', 'long-term illness detection offerings', 'Flow Flow First quarter Change', 'Support First quarter Cha', 'The Third-party payer business', 'BPO First quarter Change', 'Marketing First quarter Change', 'The Insurance BPO business', 'dynamic new offerings', 'The Maiia suite', 'Claude Bernard database', 'Healthcare Flow segment', 'popular compliance offering', 'Pharmacy First program', 'Quarterly financial information', 'Other French subsidiaries', 'client diversification strategy', 'new client wins', 'personal protection insurance', 'lacklustre business environment', 'The Marketing segment', 'Other international activities', 'robust project-based sales', 'The HR business', 'Business Services BPO', 'health insurance', 'full quarter', 'positive quarter', 'Regulated information', 'other hand', 'business trends', 'business segments', 'overflow business', 'International businesses', 'insurance businesses', 'robust growth', 'other services', 'same period', 'voluntary placement', 'Group level', 'run phase', 'unfavorable comparison', 'clear prospects', 'drug purchasing', 'strong showing', 'critical need', 'Support Cloud', 'strong sales', 'solid growth', 'strong growth', 'First-quarter growth', 'Cegedim Santé', 'core market', 'UK subsidiary', 'downward trend', 'existing clients', 'cloud businesses', 'data exchanges', 'Services division', 'first-quarter 2025 revenues', 'Data businesses', 'revenue growth', 'division Software', '8.7% growth', 'March', 'IFRS', '4.5% LFL', 'Boulogne-Billancourt', 'France', 'April', 'close', 'millions', 'euros', 'Life', 'deconsolidation', 'INPS', 'December', 'administration', 'Analysis', 'Pharmacies', 'boost', 'Visiodent', 'products', 'momentum', 'expiration', 'contract', 'start', 'projects', 'waves', 'Q1', 'Activus', 'expats', 'months', 'track', 'invoicing', 'gains', 'Procurement', 'hospitals', 'demand', 'fraud', 'H2', 'back', 'digitalization']",2025-04-24,2025-04-25,globenewswire.com
50299,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2025/04/24/3067822/0/en/Clariane-I-2025-first-quarter-revenue.html,Clariane I 2025 first-quarter revenue,Press release            Revenue for the three months to 31 March 2025 rose by 4.8% on an organic basis  which equates to a 5.5% increase on a...,Press releaseRevenue for the three months to 31 March 2025 rose by 4.8% on an organic basis  which equates to a 5.5% increase on a comparable number of days.rose by on an organic basis  which equates to a 5.5% increase on a comparable number of days. All businesses and regions contributed to revenue growth   with volume growth coming alongside positive price effects and case mix effects. The average occupancy rate of nursing homes was 90.4% in the first quarter of 2025  as opposed to 89.6% in the year-earlier period.  with volume growth coming alongside positive price effects and case mix effects. The average occupancy rate of nursing homes was in the first quarter of 2025  as opposed to 89.6% in the year-earlier period. The disposal programme continued and more than 60% of the programme is now secured as opposed to 50% at 31 December 2024  for an expected total amount of €1 billion by the end of 2025.and more than 60% of the programme is now secured as opposed to 50% at 31 December 2024  for an expected total amount of €1 billion by the end of 2025. Management confirmed its 2025 guidance: Organic revenue growth of around 5% EBITDA growth of between 6% and 9% pre-IFRS 16 and excluding disposals Wholeco leverage ratio 1 of less than 5.5xIn millions of euros First quarter 2024 First quarter 2025 Reported growth Organic growth Group revenue* 1 308 1 317 +0.7% +4.8% France 579 567 -2.0% +2.7% Germany 304 324 +6.6% +8.0% Belgium/Netherlands 191 206 +7.7% +7.8% Italy 158 156 -1.1% +2.2% Spain/UK* 76 64 -15.9% +5.1%* The disposal of all of the Group’s UK operations was completed on 9 April 2024. Accordingly  the Group’s performance figures include UK revenue for the whole of the first quarter of 2024.1Wholeco leverage: leverage ratio adopted for the purposes of the amendment and extension of the syndicated loan announced on 17 February 2025. Wholeco leverage is calculated as follows: Net financial debt pre-IFRS 16 and IAS 17/consolidated EBITDA pre-IFRS 16 and IAS 17.Sophie Boissard  Chief Executive Officer of the Clariane group  said:“Our first-quarter performance confirms our strong operational momentum over the past semesters  across all of our business segments and regions  along with the constant commitment of our employees. In our main business segment of long-term care nursing homes  the average occupancy rate was 90.4% in the first quarter as a whole  an improvement on the first quarter of 2024.We also continued to make progress on the disposal programme adopted as part of the November 2023 plan to strengthen the Group’s financial position  with six additional transactions during this quarter  relating to around 15 healthcare facilities and networks located in France  Germany and Italy  for a total amount of around €100 million. As a result  just over 60% of the disposal programme has now been completed or secured. We are pursuing at firm pace the implementation of this programme to achieve our target of generating €1 billion in disposal proceeds by the end of 2025 on the best possible valuation terms.On that basis  and with the dedication of our staff members and good momentum in our various business segments and geographies  we are confirming our operational and financial targets for 2025.”DisclaimerThis document contains forward-looking statements that involve risks and uncertainties  including those included or incorporated by reference  concerning the Group’s future growth and profitability that could cause actual results to differ materially from those indicated in the forward-looking statements. These risks and uncertainties relate to factors that the Company cannot control or estimate precisely  such as future market conditions. The forward-looking statements made in this document constitute expectations for the future and should be regarded as such. Actual events or results may differ from those described in this document due to a number of risks and uncertainties described in Chapter 2 of the 2024 Universal Registration Document filed with the AMF on March 31  2025 under registration number D. 25-0209  available on the Company's website  (www.clariane.com) and that of the AMF (www.amf-france.org). All forward-looking statements included in this document are valid only as of the date of this press release. Clariane S.E. undertakes no obligation and assumes no responsibility to update the information contained herein beyond the requirements of applicable regulations.Readers are cautioned not to place undue reliance on these forward-looking statements. Neither Clariane nor any of its directors  officers  employees  agents  affiliates or advisors accepts any responsibility for the reasonableness of any assumptions or opinions expressed or for the likelihood of any projections  prospects or performance being achieved. Any liability for such information is expressly excluded. Nothing in this document is  or should be construed as  a promise or representation regarding the future. Furthermore  nothing contained in this document is intended to be or should be construed as a forecast of results. Clariane’s past performance should not be taken as a guide to future performance.In this press release  and unless indicated otherwise  all changes are stated on a year-on-year basis (2025/2024)  and at constant scope and exchange rates.The main alternative performance measures (APMs)  such as EBITDA  EBIT  net debt and financial leverage  are defined in the Universal Registration Document available on the company’s website at www.clariane.com.Analysis of first quarter 2025 revenueThe Group’s consolidated revenue in the first quarter of 2025 totalled €1 317 million  representing reported growth of 0.7% and organic growth of 4.8%. The difference between reported and organic growth arises from the impact of disposals carried out in 2024 as part of the plan to strengthen the Group’s financial position. It should also be noted that performance in the first quarter of 2025 was affected by the fact that there was one less business day than in the first quarter of 2024  which was a leap year. Adjusted for that factor  organic growth was 5.5%.That good pace of growth confirms the strength of the Group underscored by its diversified portfolio of businesses and geographical markets.At 31 March 2025  the network consisted of 1 225 facilities as opposed to 1 235 a year earlier  representing more than 91 000 beds versus over 92 000 at 31 March 2024. These changes reflect:Disposals carried out as part of the plan to strengthen the Group’s financial position (in the UK  France  Italy and Germany);The disposal of Essentielles in France;Closures and restructuring of facilities in Germany  Spain and Belgium.Partly offset by:Openings of new Ages&Vie shared housing facilities in France;Openings of new facilities in Spain  Belgium  the Netherlands and Germany;The addition of three new care homes in Spain.Overall  the Group has sold or closed 49 facilities representing more than 2 100 beds  while during the same period it has brought into service 39 modern facilities with capacity of almost 1 100 beds.Organic revenue growth of 4.8% resulted from the following factors:Higher business volumes had a positive impact of 1.1% and boosted revenue by a net €13 million (higher volume of days billed in mature networks and additional capacity coming onstream);had a positive impact of and boosted revenue by a net (higher volume of days billed in mature networks and additional capacity coming onstream); Price increases had a positive impact of 3.7% and boosted revenue by €47 million   particularly in France  Germany and the Belgium/Netherlands region;had a positive impact of and boosted revenue by   particularly in France  Germany and the Belgium/Netherlands region; Changes in scope had a negative impact of 4.1%  reducing revenue by €51 million.Performance by geographical zoneFranceIn millions of euros First quarter 2024 First quarter 2025 Reported growth Organic growth Revenue 579 567 -2.0% +2.7%In France  revenue rose by 2.7% on an organic basis during the period. The decline in revenue on a reported basis was due to the impact of disposals carried out in 2024 as part of the plan to strengthen the Group’s financial position  and in particular the disposal of its home hospitalisation business.Organic revenue growth in the Long-Term Care segment was 2.8% in the first three months of the year  underpinned by price adjustments. Teams had to deal with a seasonal flu epidemic  with the virus spreading particularly quickly in 2025. Staff showed high levels of dedication  implementing health regulations with the utmost rigour and ensuring the strict application of government recommendations regarding the large-scale vaccination of vulnerable people. In the circumstances  and despite a significant increase in new arrivals compared with previous years  the average occupancy rate of 87.4% was almost unchanged relative to the 87.8% figure seen in the first quarter of 2024. It should be noted that the occupancy rate was 88.0% in the first quarter of 2025 stripping out beds temporarily unavailable because of refurbishment and improvement programmes.segment was 2.8% in the first three months of the year  underpinned by price adjustments. Teams had to deal with a seasonal flu epidemic  with the virus spreading particularly quickly in 2025. Staff showed high levels of dedication  implementing health regulations with the utmost rigour and ensuring the strict application of government recommendations regarding the large-scale vaccination of vulnerable people. In the circumstances  and despite a significant increase in new arrivals compared with previous years  the average occupancy rate of 87.4% was almost unchanged relative to the 87.8% figure seen in the first quarter of 2024. It should be noted that the occupancy rate was 88.0% in the first quarter of 2025 stripping out beds temporarily unavailable because of refurbishment and improvement programmes. Revenue in the Specialty Care segment was almost unchanged (up 0.5% on an organic basis)  reflecting higher volumes arising from the ongoing development of outpatient activities (+24%) while the base for comparison in prices was temporarily unfavourable because annual index-linked price increases did not take place until 1 April 2025.segment was almost unchanged (up 0.5% on an organic basis)  reflecting higher volumes arising from the ongoing development of outpatient activities (+24%) while the base for comparison in prices was temporarily unfavourable because annual index-linked price increases did not take place until 1 April 2025. Finally  revenue in the Community Care segment rose by 18.3% in the first quarter  driven by robust demand for services such as those offered by Ages&Vie and Petits-fils.GermanyIn millions of euros First quarter 2024 First quarter 2025 Reported growth Organic growth Revenue 304 324 +6.6% +8.0%Revenue in Germany improved significantly in the first quarter 2025  driven by steady growth in business volumes and the ongoing catch-up in prices that began in 2023.The Long-Term Care segment posted organic revenue growth of 9.1%  supported by price rises and an occupancy rate that rose from 88.8% in the first three months of 2024 to 90.4% in the first three months of 2025. It should be noted that the occupancy rate was 92.0% in the first quarter of 2025 based solely on the number of beds commercially available  i.e. stripping out beds temporarily unavailable because of refurbishment and improvement programmes.segment posted organic revenue growth of 9.1%  supported by price rises and an occupancy rate that rose from 88.8% in the first three months of 2024 to 90.4% in the first three months of 2025. It should be noted that the occupancy rate was 92.0% in the first quarter of 2025 based solely on the number of beds commercially available  i.e. stripping out beds temporarily unavailable because of refurbishment and improvement programmes. Revenue in the Community Care segment grew by 5.6% on an organic basis.Belgium/NetherlandsIn millions of euros First quarter 2024 First quarter 2025 Reported growth Organic growth Revenue 191 206 +7.7% +7.8%Growth remained strong in the Belgium/Netherlands region  with revenue rising by 7.8% on an organic basis in the first three months of 2025.In Belgium  revenue during the period totalled €164 million  up 6.8% on an organic basis.The Long-Term Care segment posted organic growth of 6.9%  supported by an occupancy rate that rose from 91.6% in the first quarter of 2024 to 92.5% in the same period of 2025  and by regular price rises.segment posted organic growth of 6.9%  supported by an occupancy rate that rose from 91.6% in the first quarter of 2024 to 92.5% in the same period of 2025  and by regular price rises. The Community Care segment – which accounts for just over 7% of the Group’s revenue in Belgium – achieved organic growth of 4.5%.In the Netherlands  revenue was €41 million in the first quarter of 2025  up 12.3% in organic terms.Long-Term Care revenue rose by 13.7%  with an average occupancy rate of 75.6% in the first three months of the year versus 74.4% in the same period of 2024. The increase reflects the positive impact of new beds becoming available following the opening of three new greenfield facilities in 2024  which are seeing a gradual build-up in business levels supported by favourable market conditions. A further greenfield facility was also opened in the first quarter of 2025.revenue rose by 13.7%  with an average occupancy rate of 75.6% in the first three months of the year versus 74.4% in the same period of 2024. The increase reflects the positive impact of new beds becoming available following the opening of three new greenfield facilities in 2024  which are seeing a gradual build-up in business levels supported by favourable market conditions. A further greenfield facility was also opened in the first quarter of 2025. Revenue in the Specialty Care segment  which accounted for just under 3% of the total in the Netherlands  fell slightly during the period (down 1.7%).segment  which accounted for just under 3% of the total in the Netherlands  fell slightly during the period (down 1.7%). The Community Care segment – around 14% of the Group’s revenue in the Netherlands – achieved organic revenue growth of 6.6%.ItalyIn millions of euros First quarter 2024 First quarter 2025 Reported growth Organic growth Revenue 158 156 -1.1% +2.2%The Italian market remained buoyant in the first three months of the year  with revenue up 2.2% in organic terms. On a reported basis  revenue fell slightly (by 1.1%)  due to the impact of disposals carried out in 2024 as part of the plan to strengthen the Group’s financial position.Long-Term Care revenue grew by 2.5% on an organic basis  supported by a high occupancy rate of 97.0% on average during the period versus 95.6% in the same period of 2024  and by higher pricing.revenue grew by 2.5% on an organic basis  supported by a high occupancy rate of 97.0% on average during the period versus 95.6% in the same period of 2024  and by higher pricing. Revenue in the Specialty Care segment (just over 45% of the total in Italy) rose by 1.4% in organic terms.segment (just over 45% of the total in Italy) rose by 1.4% in organic terms. The Community Care segment – which accounts for 7% of the Group’s revenue in Italy – achieved organic revenue growth of 5.2%.Spain/UK*In millions of euros First quarter 2024 First quarter 2025 Reported growth Organic growth Revenue 76* 64 -15.9% +5.1%* The disposal of all of the Group’s UK operations was completed on 9 April 2024. Accordingly  the Group’s performance includes UK figures for the whole of the first quarter of 2024.The UK business has been fully deconsolidated since 9 April 2024 after the Group sold all of its UK assets and business activities. To recap  UK revenue totalled €17 million in the period from 1 January to 9 April 2024  the date on which the Group sold all of its UK assets and business activities.In Spain  revenue totalled €64.2 million in the first quarter of 2025  up 8.3% as reported and up 5.1% on an organic basis.Revenue in the Long-Term Care segment – which accounts for almost 21% of the Group’s revenue in Spain – rose by 1.4% on an organic basis. This was supported by a slight increase in prices and an average occupancy rate of 91.1% during the period versus 88.5% in the first quarter of 2024.segment – which accounts for almost 21% of the Group’s revenue in Spain – rose by 1.4% on an organic basis. This was supported by a slight increase in prices and an average occupancy rate of 91.1% during the period versus 88.5% in the first quarter of 2024. Revenue in the Specialty Care segment (almost 76% of the total in Spain) rose by 5.6% in organic terms. That growth resulted from the expansion of the Group’s network and service offering following the acquisition of Grupo 5.segment (almost 76% of the total in Spain) rose by 5.6% in organic terms. That growth resulted from the expansion of the Group’s network and service offering following the acquisition of Grupo 5. The Community Care segment – which accounts for just over 3% of the Group’s revenue in Spain – remained highly volatile because of its small scale  and revenue increased by 14.5% in the first quarter.Performance by business segmentLong-Term CareThe Long-Term Care segment  which accounted for 62.7% of the Group’s business activity in the first quarter of 2025  generated revenue of €826 million  up from €802 million in the year-earlier period (which included revenue from the UK business). That represents reported growth of 3.0% and organic growth of 5.6%. Adjusted for the number of days being lower than in the first quarter of 2024  organic growth would have been 6.3%.Organic growth was driven by the ongoing increase in business volumes  as reflected by the rising occupancy rate  which averaged 90.4% in the first quarter versus 89.6% in the same period of 2024  and by price rises. It should be noted that there was a flu epidemic in the first quarter of 2025 and it was much more virulent than the epidemic that arose in the year-earlier period. This affected the Long-Term Care segment  particularly in France  Germany and Belgium.Specialty CareThe Specialty Care segment generated revenue of €327 million in the first quarter of 2025  equating to 24.8% of the Group total and organic growth of 1.4%. As a result of changes in scope  relating in particular to the disposal of the Home Hospitalisation business and the disposal of three facilities in France and Italy in 2024  revenue was down 3.0% on a reported basis. Adjusted for the number of business days being lower than in the first quarter of 2024  organic growth would have been 2.2%.Community CareRevenue in the Community Care business  whose brands include Petits-fils and Ages & Vie  amounted to €164 million in the first quarter of 2025  representing 12.4% of the Group total and organic growth of 7.8%. Factoring in some small disposals in Germany and Italy  revenue fell by 2.8% on a reported basis. Adjusted for the number of business days being lower than in the first quarter of 2024  organic growth would have been 8.0%.Performance was driven by:Further development of the shared housing network;Ongoing strong growth in the home care network.Update on the plan to strengthen the Group’s financial positionThe fourth and final part of the plan to strengthen the Group’s financial position consists of a programme to dispose of operational and real-estate assets and to form asset partnerships  intended to refocus its business activities geographically and raise around €1 billion in gross disposal proceeds. As of 31 December 2024  the Group had already completed or secured disposals generating gross proceeds of €504 million.The Group continued to implement that programme in the first quarter of 2025  in accordance with its strategy to become more focused in terms of its business activities and geographical presence. During the period  it secured six further disposals relating to around 15 care facilities or networks  mainly in France  Germany and Italy  for around €100 million.This means that the Group has so far secured or completed just over 60% of its disposal programme.The Group is continuing to implement its programme of targeted disposals in its main geographies  aiming to generate €1 billion of disposal proceeds by the end of 2025 on the best possible valuation terms.Depending on the differences that may be observed between market values and values in use  some transactions could result in some accounting capital gains and losses in addition to the capital gains and losses already recognised in the 2023 and 2024 financial statements  with no impact on cash flow.Outlook2025 outlookIn 2025  the Group’s main objectives are to complete its plan to strengthen its financial structure and to reduce its indebtedness  continue improving its operating performance and maintain a high standard of quality  in line with its mission commitments.Accordingly  Clariane expects in 2025 growth in its EBITDA pre IFRS 16 and disposals by 6% to 9%  supported by organic growth in its revenue of around 5%.These objectives are predicated on:A steady improvement in occupancy rates across all countries  and development of the outpatient and community care activities;Favourable price effects reflecting price adjustments and recognition of the increasing degree of specialisation of the care provided;A continuing discipline on its operating expenses;A continuing recovery in its activities in Germany;Stabilisation in the new regulatory framework applicable to medical  post-acute and rehabilitation activities in France.In addition  the Group has made improving cash flow generation and controlling debt levels its top priorities in line with the plan to strengthen its financial position.Accordingly  the Group will keep maintenance capex at a normative level  of around €100 million and its development capex at around €200 million.Lastly  the Group has set itself a “Wholeco” financial leverage objective  as defined in the extension of the syndicated loan agreement and taking into account the finalisation of its disposal plan  of below 5.5x at year-end 2025.As regards non-financial indicators and adjusted for changes in scope resulting from the disposal plan  the Group has set the following targets for 2025:Maintain a net promoter score (NPS) of at least 40 among residents  patients and families;Continue having more than 7 000 staff members undertaking training courses leading to qualifications  in line with its purpose-driven commitments;Reduce the lost time accident frequency rate to a level of 30;Continue implementing the strategy of low-carbon energy decarbonisation  as recently validated by the Science Based Targets initiative (SBTi)  leading to a 22% reduction in energy-related greenhouse gas emissions1.As the Wholeco leverage ratio was greater than 4.0x at 31 December 2024  the Group reiterates that it will not pay a dividend in respect of 2024  in accordance with the terms of its unsecured syndicated loan agreement.2023-2026 outlook:Readers are reminded that the Group’s main targets for the period from 1 January 2023 to 31 December 2026 are as follows:As regards revenue  it aims to achieve a compound annual organic growth rate (CAGR) of around 5%   supported by a steady increase in occupancy rates and business volumes  particularly in outpatient care  and by a catch-up effect in prices  particularly in Germany.(CAGR) of around   supported by a steady increase in occupancy rates and business volumes  particularly in outpatient care  and by a catch-up effect in prices  particularly in Germany. By 31 December 2026   the Group aims to increase the EBITDA margin pre IFRS 16 by 100-150 basis points relative to the 31 December 2023 figure excluding disposals. The principal contributors supporting this improvement will be revenue growth achieved by increasing the occupancy rate and developing outpatient services  along with targeted improvement measures regarding central costs  expenditure on rent and energy costs  and improved performance in Germany;  the Group aims to increase the relative to the 31 December 2023 figure excluding disposals. The principal contributors supporting this improvement will be revenue growth achieved by increasing the occupancy rate and developing outpatient services  along with targeted improvement measures regarding central costs  expenditure on rent and energy costs  and improved performance in Germany; The Group has set itself the objective of further reductions in its indebtedness by 2026 excluding IFRS 16. It is targeting less than €3 billion in financial net debt and a “Wholeco” leverage ratio of less than 5x by 31 December 2026.To achieve this objective  the Group will notably:Make further improvements to its operating performanceFinalise in 2025 the “disposals” component of the plan to strengthen its financial structureKeep maintenance capex levels at around €100 million p.a. and development capex at around €200 million.Risk factorsInvestors are invited to refer to the Universal Registration Document filed with the AMF on 31 March 2025 under number D.25-0209  and in particular to Clariane’s risk factors  which are set out in chapter 2 “Risk factors” of that document. The Universal Registration Document can be obtained free of charge from the Company  as well as from the Company’s website (www.clariane.com) and the website of the Autorité des Marchés Financiers (www.amf-france.org).Meeting and conference call:To accompany the publication of its revenue figures for the first quarter of 2025  Clariane will hold a conference call in English at 3pm CEST on 25 April 2025.To take part in the call please dial one of the following numbers:Paris: +33 (0)1 70 37 71 66UK: +44 (0)33 0551 0200US: +1 786 697 3501You can watch the live webcast here.A playback of the conference call will be available here.The presentation used in the conference call will be available on Clariane’s website (www.clariane.com) from 12.00pm (CEST).Forthcoming events2025 AGM: 14 May 2025.14 May 2025. Revenue and results for the first half of 2025: 29 July 2025 after the Euronext Paris market close.29 July 2025 after the Euronext Paris market close. Third-quarter 2025 revenue: 27 October 2025 after the Euronext Paris market close.Investor contacts Stephane BisseuilHead of Investor Relations+33 (0) 6 58 60 68 69stephane.bisseuil@clariane.com Benoit LesieurDeputy Head of Investor Relations – ESG+33 (0) 6 64 80 15 90benoit.lesieur@clariane.com Press contact Julie MaryPress Officer+33 (0) 6 59 72 50 69julie.mary@clariane.com Florian BacheletPress Officer+33 (0) 6 79 86 78 23florian.bachelet@clariane.com1 Relative to 2021.Attachment,neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,mixed,0.18,0.26,0.56,True,English,"['Clariane I', '2025 first-quarter revenue', 'best possible valuation terms', 'long-term care nursing homes', 'Organic growth Group revenue', 'positive price effects', 'case mix effects', 'average occupancy rate', 'Chief Executive Officer', 'six additional transactions', 'main business segment', 'Net financial debt', 'various business segments', 'future market conditions', 'Clariane S.E.', 'strong operational momentum', 'Organic revenue growth', 'Wholeco leverage ratio', '2024 Universal Registration Document', 'good momentum', 'organic basis', 'financial position', 'financial targets', 'volume growth', '5% EBITDA growth', '1Wholeco leverage', 'registration number', 'UK revenue', 'Press release', 'three months', 'year-earlier period', 'total amount', 'syndicated loan', 'consolidated EBITDA', 'Sophie Boissard', 'past semesters', 'constant commitment', 'November 2023 plan', '15 healthcare facilities', 'firm pace', 'staff members', 'forward-looking statements', 'future growth', 'Actual events', 'applicable regulations', 'undue reliance', 'first quarter', 'disposal proceeds', 'comparable number', 'UK operations', 'performance figures', 'first-quarter performance', 'actual results', 'Clariane group', 'disposal programme', '31 March', '5.5% increase', 'days', 'businesses', 'regions', '31 December', 'end', 'Management', '2025 guidance', 'IFRS', 'disposals', 'less', 'millions', 'euros', 'France', 'Germany', 'Netherlands', 'Italy', 'Spain', '9 April', 'purposes', 'extension', '17 February', 'IAS', 'employees', 'improvement', 'progress', 'part', 'networks', 'implementation', 'dedication', 'geographies', 'Disclaimer', 'risks', 'uncertainties', 'reference', 'profitability', 'factors', 'Company', 'expectations', 'Chapter', 'AMF', 'website', 'obligation', 'responsibility', 'information', 'requirements', 'Readers', 'directors', 'officers', 'agents', 'affiliates', 'advisors', 'reasonableness', 'assumptions', 'opinions', 'likelihood', 'projections', 'prospects', 'liability', 'Nothing', 'promise', 'representation', 'forecast']",2025-04-24,2025-04-25,globenewswire.com
50300,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2025/04/24/3067782/0/en/WENDEL-Q1-2025-Trading-update.html,WENDEL: Q1 2025 Trading update,Q1 2025 NAV per share at €176.7  Continued strategic deployment :   €34bn of private Assets under Management for third parties  Solid financial...,Q1 2025 NAV per share at €176.7Continued strategic deployment :€34bn of private Assets under Management for third partiesSolid financial structure:Strong liquidity and LTV ratio at 17.2%Fully diluted Net Asset Value1 as of March 31  2025: €176.7 per shareFully diluted NAV per share down -4.8% since the start of the year reflecting market volatility and evolution of valuation multiples: Listed assets (29% of Gross Asset Value): flat total value year-to-date Unlisted assets (33% of GAV): total value down 7.3%  mainly due to lower market multiples Following the acquisition of Monroe Capital  Asset Management now represents 17% of GAVGood performance of Group companies in Q1 20205Principal investments: all Group companies generated positive total sales growth in Q1  except ScalianAsset management: good momentum in fundraising and revenue growthIK Partners' revenues up +33% in Q1. Successful closing of the IK X flagship fund at €3.3 billion  the largest fund raised in its history and continued momentum in fundraising of IK Small & Dev CapAltogether IK Partners and Monroe have successfully raised more than €3 billion of new funds on various strategies over Q1 2025Successful implementation of new strategic directionsPrincipal Investments: successful Forward Sale of 6.7% of Bureau Veritas’ share capital  at a price of €27.25 per share on March 12  2025 Wendel entered into a call spread transaction to benefit from up to c.15% of the stock price appreciation over the next three years on the equivalent number of shares underlying the Forward Sale Transaction Total net proceeds for Wendel of €750 million Wendel has retained 26.5% of the share capital and 41.2% of the voting rights of Bureau Veritassuccessful Forward Sale of 6.7% of Bureau Veritas’ share capital  at a price of €27.25 per share on March 12  2025 Asset Management: With Monroe Capital acquisition  Wendel’s third party asset management platform reached €34 billion in AUM 2 On March 31  2025  Wendel has invested $1.13 3 billion to acquire 72% of Monroe Capital’s shares together with rights to c.20% of the carried interest generated on past and future fundsWith Monroe Capital acquisition  Wendel’s third party asset management platform reached €34 billion in AUMDividend: €4.70 per share  up 17.5%  proposed to May 15  2025  AGMc.2.5% of NAV as of December 31  2024  as stated in the strategic roadmapRepresenting a yield of c. 5.5% compared to the current share price4Strong financial structure and committed to remaining Investment GradeDebt maturity of 3.4 years with an average cost of 2.4%LTV ratio at 17.2% 5 as of March 31  2025  on a pro forma basisas of March 31  2025  on a pro forma basis Pro forma total liquidity of €1.7 6 billion as of March 31  2025  including c.€800 million in cash and €875 million in committed credit facility (fully undrawn)billion as of March 31  2025  including c.€800 million in cash and €875 million in committed credit facility (fully undrawn) On March 31  2025  S&P revised Wendel outlook to ‘Stable’ from ‘Negative’ on debt reduction and reaffirmed its ‘BBB’ ratingLaurent Mignon  Wendel Group CEO  commented:“The first quarter of 2025 marks a significant milestone for Wendel  with the successful closing of Monroe Capital's acquisition  materializing our strategy to grow third-party asset management alongside our principal investment activity. With €34 billion of assets under management and €3.4 billion raised in Q12025 now with Monroe Capital and IK Partners  we are building a strong and significant Asset management player generating recurring and predictable income  enhancing significantly Wendel’s value creation profile.We also successfully completed a forward sale of Bureau Veritas shares  achieved in good conditions  generating €750M of proceeds  that  combined with our financial discipline  contributed to significantly improve of our LTV ratio. This strengthened financial profile is a key lever to successfully deliver our 2027 value creation roadmap. Our teams remain fully mobilized to generate value through the current portfolio and put in place the asset management platform.”Wendel’s net asset value as of March 31  2025: €176.7 per share on a fully diluted basisWendel’s Net Asset Value (NAV) as of March 31  2025  was prepared by Wendel to the best of its knowledge and on the basis of market data available at this date and in compliance with its methodology.Fully diluted Net Asset Value was €176.7 per share as of March 31  2025 (see detail in the table below)  as compared to €185.7 on December 31  2024  representing a decrease of -4.8% since the start of the year. Compared to the last 20-day average share price as of March 31  the discount to the March 31  2025  fully diluted NAV per share was -47.9%.Bureau Veritas contributed negatively to Net Asset Value  as end of March 2025  its 20-day average share price was down YTD (-3.2%). IHS Towers (+37.2%) and Tarkett (+55.5%) 20-day average share prices impacted positively the NAV. Total value creation per share of listed assets was therefore neutral (+€0.0) on a fully diluted basis over the first quarter.Unlisted asset contribution to NAV was negative over the course of the quarter with a total change per share of -€6.5 reflecting overall multiples’ decrease.Asset management activities contribution to NAV was slightly negative  -€0.8  due to IK Partners multiples’ evolution. A total of €29M of sponsor money is included in the NAV as of end of March  both for IK Partners and Monroe.Cash operating costs  Net Financing Results and Other items impacted NAV by -€1.7  as Wendel benefits from a positive carry and maintains a good cost control.Total Net Asset Value evolution per share amounted to -€9.0 since the start of the year.Fully diluted NAV per share of €176.7 as of March 31  2025(in millions of euros) 03/31/2025 12/31/2024 Listed investments Number of shares Share price (1) 2 965 3 793 Bureau Veritas 89.9m(2)/120.3m €28.5/€29.5 2 565 3 544 IHS 63.0m/63.0m $4.4/$3.2 254 192 Tarkett €16.4/€10.5 146 57 Investment in unlisted assets (3) 3 346 3 612 Asset Management Activities (4) 1 778 616 Asset Managers (IK Partners & Monroe) 1 749 616 Sponsor Money 29 - Other assets and liabilities of Wendel and holding companies (5) 161 174 Net cash position & financial assets (6) 2 058 2 407 Gross asset value 10 308 10 603 Wendel bond debt -2 378 -2 401 IK Partners transaction deferred payment and Monroe earnout -244 -131 Net Asset Value 7 686 8 071 Of which net debt -564 -124 Number of shares 44 461 997 44 461 997 Net Asset Value per share €172.9 €181.5 Wendel’s 20 days share price average €92.0 €93.5 Premium (discount) on NAV -46.8% -48.5% Number of shares – fully diluted 42 456 176 42 466 569 Fully diluted Net Asset Value  per share €176.7 €185.7 Premium (discount) on fully diluted NAV -47.9% -49.6%(1) Last 20 trading days average as of March 31  2025  and December 31  2024.(2) Number of shares adjusted from the Forward Sale Transaction of 30 357 140 shares of Bureau Veritas. The value of the call spread transaction to benefit from up to c.15% of the stock price appreciation on the equivalent number of shares is taken into account in Other assets & liabilities.(3) Investments in unlisted companies (Stahl  Crisis Prevention Institute  ACAMS  Scalian  Globeducate  Wendel Growth). Aggregates retained for the calculation exclude the impact of IFRS16.(4) Investment in IK Partners (excl. Cash to be distributed to shareholders)  in Monroe and sponsor money.(5) Of which 2 005 821 treasury shares as of March 31  2025  and 1 995 428 as of December 31  2024.(6) Cash position and short-term financial assets of Wendel & holdings.Assets and liabilities denominated in currencies other than the euro have been converted at exchange rates prevailing on the date of the NAV calculation.If co-investment and managements LTIP conditions are realized  subsequent dilutive effects on Wendel’s economic ownership are accounted for in NAV calculations. See page 285 of the 2024 Registration Document.Wendel’s Principal Investments’ portfolio rotationOn March 12  2025  Wendel realized a successful placement of Bureau Veritas shares as part of a prepaid 3-year forward sale representing approximately 6.7% of Bureau Veritas share capital and increased its financial flexibility by reducing the pro forma loan-to-value ratio to approximately 17%. The transaction immediately generated net cash proceeds of approximately €750M to Wendel.Wendel reinvested €11.5m in Scalian upon the acquisition of a specialized IT services player focused on the Defense sector in January 2025.Wendel’s Asset Management platform evolutionAcquisition of a controlling stake in Monroe Capital LLC closed  a transformational transaction in line with the strategic roadmapWendel completed on March 31  2025 the definitive partnership agreement including the acquisition  together with AXA IM Prime  of 75% of Monroe Capital LLC (“Monroe Capital” or “the Company”)  and a sponsoring program of $800 million to accelerate Monroe Capital’s growth  together with an investment of up to $200 million in GP commitment.With IK Partners and Monroe Capital  Wendel’s third party asset management platform reached €34 billion in AUM7  and should generate  on a full-year basis  c.€ 455 million revenues8  c.€160 million pre-tax FRE (c.€100 million in pre-tax FRE (Wendel share) in 2025. Wendel’s ambition is to reach €150 million (Wendel share) in pre-tax FRE in 2027.Strong value creation and performance of Third Party Asset Management (17% of Gross Asset Value)Q1 2025 performanceOver the first quarter of 2025  IK Partners registered again particularly strong levels of activity  generating a total of €46.4 million in revenue  up 33 % vs. Q1 2024. Total Assets under Management (€14.9 billion  of which €4.8 billion of Dry Powder9) grew by 8% since the beginning of the year  and FPAuM10 (€10.2 billion) by 2%. Over the period  €0.64 billion of new funds were raised (IK X  IK PF III  IK SC IV and IK CV I) and 2 exits have been realized  for over €0.26 billion.As of March 31  2025  Wendel's third party asset management platform11 represented total assets under management of €34 billion and achieved €3.4 billion of fundraising.Sponsor money invested by WendelWendel committed €500 million in IK Partners funds (of which €300 million in IK X). As of March 31  2025  €29 million of sponsor money have been called in IK Partners and Monroe Capital funds.Principal Investment companies’ salesListed Assets: 29% of Gross Asset ValueBureau Veritas – A robust first quarter and an unchanged 2025 outlook; Increased returns to shareholders with a €200m share buyback program(full consolidation)Bureau Veritas revenue in the first quarter of 2025 amounted to €1 558.7 million  an 8.3% increase compared to the first quarter of 2024. Bureau Veritas delivered an organic growth of 7.3%.Three businesses led the growth: Industry  up 14.3%  Marine & Offshore  up 11.8%  and Certification  up 10.9%. Agri-Food & Commodities grew 6.0% while both Consumer Products Services and Buildings & Infrastructure grew low-single-digit organically in the first quarter of 2025.The scope effect was a positive 1.4%  reflecting bolt-on acquisitions (contributing to +3.0%) finalized in the past few quarters and partly offset by the impact of divestments completed over the last twelve months (contributing to -1.6%). Currency fluctuations had a negative impact of 0.4%  due to the strength of the euro against most currencies.2025 Share buyback programOn April 24  2025  Bureau Veritas announces a new EUR 200 million share buyback program to be completed by the end of June 2025. This decision reflects the Group's confidence in its resilient business model and takes advantage of the current share price.2025 Outlook unchangedWhile customers are navigating an uncertain period  Bureau Veritas has a robust opportunities pipeline  a solid backlog  and mid-to-long-term strong market fundamentals. Therefore  Bureau Veritas keeps its outlook unchanged  and expects to deliver for the full year 2025: Mid-to-high single-digit organic revenue growth;Improvement in adjusted operating margin at constant exchange rates;Strong cash flow  with a cash conversion12 above 90%.For more information: https://group.bureauveritas.comIHS Towers – IHS Towers will report its Q1 results in May 2025Tarkett reported its Q1 on April 17  2025For more information: https://www.tarkett-group.com/en/investors/Unlisted Assets: 33% of Gross Asset ValueSales (in millions) Q1 2024 Q1 2025 Stahl €225.6 €231.0 CPI $29.0 $30.7 ACAMS $20.7 $22.0 Scalian €140.6 €131.8 Globeducate (1) n/a €109.6(1) Indian operations are deconsolidated and accounted for by the equity method due to the absence of audited figures. 3 months revenue from December 1  2024  to February 28  2025.Stahl – Total sales13 up +2.4% in Q1 2025  in challenging market conditions(full consolidation)Stahl  the world leader in specialty coatings for flexible materials  posted total sales of €231.0 million in Q1 2025  representing a total increase of +2.4% versus Q1 2024.Q1 2025 was marked by increased levels of market uncertainty driven by geopolitical and trade tensions. Organic growth was -5.4%  against a high comparison basis with Q1 2024 (when sales grew organically by +9.8%). Scope contributed positively by +8.1% thanks to the Weilburger Graphics acquisition completed in September 2024  while FX was negative (-0.3%).Proforma for the sale of the wet-end leather chemicals activities  total growth over the quarter would have been +6.0%.Crisis Prevention Institute – Revenue growth of +5.8% as compared with Q1 2024(full consolidation)Crisis Prevention Institute recorded first quarter 2025 revenue of $30.7 million  up +5.8% vs. Q1 2024. Of this increase  +5.3% was organic growth  -0.9% came from FX movements and +1.4% from scope effect. Despite ongoing federal oversight and funding uncertainty for some of CPI’s customers  staff training sessions have continued to grow  however customers have been slower to add or replace new certified instructors during this period of uncertainty.On January 21  2025  CPI announced the acquisition of Verge  a Norwegian leader in behavior intervention and training. This acquisition extends CPI’s presence in the Nordics  and enhances CPI's ability to support professionals worldwide  leveraging Verge's innovative techniques to address challenging behaviors  aggression and violence.ACAMS – Total sales up +6.4% in Q1  reflecting double-digit growth in the core North American segment as well as continued momentum in the conference sponsorship & exhibition business(full consolidation)ACAMS  the global leader in training and certifications for anti-money laundering and financial-crime prevention professionals  generated total revenue of $22.0 million  up +6.4% compared to the first quarter of 202414. First-quarter results were driven by double-digit growth in the core North American segment  with both bank and non-bank customers  as well as improved conference sponsorship & exhibition sales  offset by headwinds in select EMEA and APAC markets.Q1 growth reflects momentum from recent strategic and organizational changes including the senior leadership additions in 2024  a shift in focus to selling solutions for large enterprise customers  market expansion with the introduction of the Certified Anti-Fraud Specialist certification (CAFS)  and investments in the technology platform. ACAMS anticipates continued growth in 2025 as these strategic changes and investments take hold.Scalian - Decrease of total sales of -6.3% in Q1 2025  in the context of continued market growth slowdown. Acquisition of a French IT services specializing in the defense sector in January 2025.(full consolidation)Scalian  a leading consulting firm in digital transformation and operational performance reported total sales of €131.8M as of March 31  2025  a -6.3% decrease vs. last year. The slowdown is spread across several sectors and geographies particularly automotive in Europe and Aeronautics (supply chain disruptions). Sales are down -11.2% organically but have benefited from a positive scope effect of +4.9%.In January 2025  Scalian completed the acquisition of a French IT services specialist. The acquisition was funded through shareholders’ equity contribution  including a €11.5m equity injection from Wendel in Scalian. This acquisition further reinforces Scalian’s unique positioning in the OT/IT space and is fully in line with the buy-and-build strategy implemented by the Group and which has resulted in the acquisitions of Yucca in 2023 as well as Mannarino and Dulin in 2024.Globeducate – Revenue growth of +11%15(Accounted for by the equity method. Globeducate acquisition was completed on October 16th  2024. Indian operations are deconsolidated and accounted for by the equity method due to the absence of audited figures. 3 months revenue from December 1  2024- February 28  2025.)Globeducate  one of the world’s leading bilingual K-12 education groups  recorded first quarter 2025 revenue of €109.6 million  up +11% vs. Q1 2024. Of this increase  +3.5% came from accretive M&A transactions.Over September and November 2024  Globeducate completed 2 acquisitions:1 in Cyprus (Olympion School) and 1 in the UK (Ecole des Petits).Preliminary estimated impact of new tariffs on Wendel’s businessesWendel Group’s companies are mainly business services  and are therefore only slightly directly impacted by conflicts over tariffs. For industrial companies (Stahl and Tarkett)  these two companies have production units generally located in the countries in which they generate their revenues. According to the information available  the direct impact for these two companies is limited. The lack of visibility on the evolution of tariffs  as well as their real impact on global economic growth and USD exchange rates  constitute the main risk on the value creation potential of our assets.1 Fully diluted of share buybacks and treasury shares. Without adjusting for dilution  NAV stands at €7 719m and €173.6 per share.2 As of end of March 2025  AuM of IK Partners and Monroe Capital3 This amount includes usual closing adjustments4 Share price as of April 23  2025: €86.055 Including sponsor money commitment in IK (-€500m partly called as of 03.31.2025) & expected commitments in Monroe Capital (-$200m partly called as of 03.31.2025)  IK Partners transaction deferred payment (-€131m)  Monroe Capital 100% acquisition (including estimated earnout and puts on residual capital  i.e -$528M).6 €2.1bn of cash as of March 31  2025  restated from sponsor money commitment in IK (-€500m partly called as of 03.31.2025) & expected commitments in Monroe Capital (-$200m partly called as of 03.31.2025)  IK Partners transaction deferred payment (-€131m)  Monroe Capital 100% acquisition (including estimated earnout and puts on residual capital  i.e -$528M).7 As of end of March 20258 Based on USD/EUR exchange rate of 1.059 Commitments not yet invested10 Fee Paying AuM11 IK Partners and Monroe Capital12 (Net cash generated from operating activities – lease payments + corporate tax)/adjusted operating profit.13 Total sales including wet-end activities  of which sale closing is expected in Q2 2025.14 Revenue in Q1 2024 excludes PPA restatement impact of $0.3m. Including this restatement  revenue is $20.4m in Q1 2024.15 Indian operations are deconsolidated and accounted for by the equity method due to the absence of audited figures. 3 months revenue from December 1  2024 to February 28  2025. These figures are compared with the same period last year and are estimated and non audited  accordingly  changes in percentages are rounded to the nearest whole figure.AgendaThursday  May 15  2025  at 3 PM CESTAnnual General MeetingWednesday  July 30  2025H1 2025 results – Publication of NAV as of June 30  2025  and condensed Half-Year consolidated financial statements (post-market release)Thursday  October 23  2025Q3 2025 Trading update – Publication of NAV as of September 30  2025 (post-market release)Friday  December 12  20252025 Investor Day.About WendelWendel is one of Europe’s leading listed investment firms. Regarding its principal investment strategy  the Group invests in companies which are leaders in their field  such as ACAMS  Bureau Veritas  Crisis Prevention Institute  Globeducate  IHS Towers  Scalian  Stahl and Tarkett. In 2023  Wendel initiated a strategic shift into third-party asset management of private assets  alongside its historical principal investment activities. In May 2024  Wendel completed the acquisition of a 51% stake in IK Partners  a major step in the deployment of its strategic expansion in third-party private asset management and also completed in March 2025 the acquisition of 72% of Monroe Capital. As of March 31  2025  Wendel manages 34 billion euros on behalf of third-party investors  and c.6.3 billion euros invested in its principal investments activity.Wendel is listed on Eurolist by Euronext Paris.Standard & Poor’s ratings: Long-term: BBB  stable outlook – Short-term: A-2Wendel is the Founding Sponsor of Centre Pompidou-Metz. In recognition of its long-term patronage of the arts  Wendel received the distinction of “Grand Mécène de la Culture” in 2012.For more information: wendelgroup.comFollow us on LinkedIn @WendelPress contacts Analyst and investor contacts Christine Anglade: +33 6 14 04 03 87 Olivier Allot: +33 1 42 85 63 73 c.anglade@wendelgroup.com o.allot@wendelgroup.com Caroline Decaux: +33 1 42 85 91 27 Lucile Roch: +33 1 42 85 63 72 c.decaux@wendelgroup.com l.roch@wendelgroup.com Primatice Olivier Labesse: +33 6 79 11 49 71 olivierlabesse@primatice.com Hugues Schmitt: +33 6 71 99 74 58 huguesschmitt@primatice.com Kekst CNC Todd Fogarty: +1 212 521 4854 todd.fogarty@kekstcnc.comAttachment,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,mixed,0.75,0.08,0.16,True,English,"['Q1 2025 Trading update', 'WENDEL', 'Forward Sale Transaction Total net proceeds', 'significant Asset management player generating', 'third party asset management platform', 'last 20-day average share price', 'positive total sales growth', '20-day average share prices', 'IK X flagship fund', 'Pro forma total liquidity', 'Bureau Veritas’ share capital', 'call spread transaction', 'Net Asset Value1', 'Total value creation', 'flat total value', 'Scalian Asset management', 'third-party asset management', 'Gross Asset Value', 'pro forma basis', 'stock price appreciation', 'Continued strategic deployment', 'Solid financial structure', 'successful Forward Sale', 'value creation profile', '2027 value creation roadmap', 'new strategic directions', 'next three years', 'lower market multiples', 'principal investment activity', 'Bureau Veritas shares', 'current share price4', 'Strong financial structure', 'Monroe Capital acquisition', 'Wendel Group CEO', 'third parties', 'average cost', 'significant milestone', 'strategic roadmap', 'Strong liquidity', 'revenue growth', 'largest fund', 'financial profile', 'valuation multiples', 'new funds', 'Investment Grade', 'financial discipline', 'current portfolio', 'IK Partners', 'IK Small', 'market volatility', 'Group companies', 'Principal investments', 'market data', 'LTV ratio', 'Good performance', 'Successful closing', 'Dev Cap', 'various strategies', 'Successful implementation', 'up to', 'equivalent number', 'future funds', 'Debt maturity', 'credit facility', 'S&P', 'debt reduction', 'BBB’ rating', 'Laurent Mignon', 'first quarter', 'predictable income', 'good conditions', 'key lever', 'IHS Towers', 'diluted basis', 'private Assets', 'Listed assets', 'good momentum', 'voting rights', 'AUM Dividend', 'Wendel outlook', '3.4 years', 'Q1', 'NAV', 'March', 'start', 'evolution', 'date', 'GAV', 'fundraising', 'revenues', 'history', 'interest', 'past', 'May', 'AGM', 'December', 'yield', 'cash', 'Negative', 'strategy', 'recurring', '€750M', 'teams', 'place', 'knowledge', 'compliance', 'methodology', 'detail', 'decrease', 'discount', 'YTD', 'Tarkett', '17.']",2025-04-24,2025-04-25,globenewswire.com
50301,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2025/04/24/3067071/0/en/BUREAU-VERITAS-A-robust-first-quarter-and-an-unchanged-2025-outlook-Increased-returns-to-shareholders-with-a-EUR-200m-share-buyback-program.html,BUREAU VERITAS - A robust first quarter and an unchanged 2025 outlook ; Increased returns to shareholders with a EUR 200m share buyback program,PRESS RELEASE  Neuilly-sur-Seine  France – April 24  2025  A robust first quarter and an unchanged 2025 outlook ;   Increased returns to shareholders...,PRESS RELEASENeuilly-sur-Seine  France – April 24  2025A robust first quarter and an unchanged 2025 outlook ;Increased returns to shareholders with a EUR 200m share buyback programQ1 2025 Key figures1Revenue of EUR 1 558.7 million  up 8.3% year-on-year and up 7.3% organicallyStrong organic growth from Industry at +14.3%  Marine & Offshore at +11.8% and Certification at +10.9% with moderate growth for Agri-Food & Commodities at +6.0%  Consumer Products Services at +3.4%  and Buildings & Infrastructure at +2.5%Positive scope effect of 1.4%  from bolt-on acquisitions (+3.0% contribution)  net of disposals (-1.6% contribution)Negative currency impact of 0.4%  resulting from the euro’s appreciation against most currenciesQ1 2025 HighlightsSteady and consistent growth in every region  demonstrating clear business plans and showing strong executionBroad growth across all activities. Capex activities driven by a solid backlog  and Opex activities derived from sustained and recurrent customer spendingTwo acquisitions completed in the first quarter  adding annualized revenue of c. EUR 38 million  in line with the LEAP | 28 portfolio strategyNew share buyback program of EUR 200 million to be completed by the end of June 2025  reflecting the Group's confidence in its resilient business model and taking advantage of the current share price2025 Outlook unchangedWhile customers are navigating an uncertain period  the Group has a robust opportunities pipeline  a solid backlog  and mid-to-long-term strong market fundamentals. Therefore  Bureau Veritas keeps its outlook unchanged  and expects to deliver for the full year 2025:Mid-to-high single-digit organic revenue growth Improvement in adjusted operating margin at constant exchange rates Strong cash flow  with a cash conversion2 above 90%.Hinda Gharbi  Chief Executive Officer  commented:“We are starting the year with a robust first quarter performance  with strong organic growth across most of our businesses. Bureau Veritas has a resilient business and geographical mix  and will continue to actively manage its portfolio with disciplined bolt-on acquisitions.While we are navigating an uncertain and complex macroeconomic environment  our Group has a solid backlog  an engaged workforce and a proven execution track record. Therefore  we are keeping our outlook unchanged  closely monitoring market developments and accelerating our performance programs to bring additional resilience to our business.Finally  with a healthy balance sheet and to further increase shareholder value  we are launching a new €200 million share buyback program  reflecting our strong cash generation and our confidence in the upside potential of our shares.”Q1 2025 KEY FIGURESGROWTH IN EUR MILLION Q1 2025 Q1 2024 CHANGE ORGANIC SCOPE CURRENCY Marine & Offshore 136.2 122.1 +11.5% +11.8% - (0.3)% Agri-Food & Commodities 296.8 297.3 (0.2)% +6.0% (5.9)% (0.3)% Industry 335.8 295.6 +13.6% +14.3% +0.7% (1.4)% Buildings & Infrastructure 476.5 441.0 +8.1% +2.5% +5.2% +0.4% Certification 134.1 117.4 +14.2% +10.9% +3.7% (0.4)% Consumer Products Services 179.3 166.1 +7.9% +3.4% +4.4% +0.1% Total Group revenue 1 558.7 1 439.5 +8.3% +7.3% +1.4% (0.4)%Robust start to the yearRevenue in the first quarter of 2025 amounted to EUR 1 558.7 million  an 8.3% increase compared to the first quarter of 2024. The Group delivered an organic growth of 7.3%.Three businesses led the growth: Industry  up 14.3%  Marine & Offshore  up 11.8%  and Certification  up 10.9%. Agri-Food & Commodities grew 6.0% while both Consumer Products Services and Buildings & Infrastructure grew low-single-digit organically in the first quarter of 2025.By geography  the Americas (26% of revenue  up 6.4% organically) delivered good growth led by a high-single-digit organic increase in the United States. Europe’s growth (35% of revenue  up 3.0% organically) was primarily driven by Southern Europe in Buildings & Infrastructure  and by strong activity in Certification across the region. Business in Asia-Pacific (28% of revenue  up 7.5% organically) benefited from strong growth in South and Southeast Asia  and from mid-single-digit growth in China and Australia. Finally  the activity was very strong in Africa and the Middle East (11% of revenue  up 24.9% organically)  primarily supported by energy projects  and by Buildings & Infrastructure activities in the Middle East.The scope effect was a positive 1.4%  reflecting bolt-on acquisitions (contributing to +3.0%) finalized in the past few quarters and partly offset by the impact of divestments completed over the last twelve months (contributing to -1.6%).Currency fluctuations had a negative impact of 0.4%  due to the strength of the euro against most currencies.Solid financial positionAt the end of March 2025  the Group's adjusted net financial debt was materially unchanged compared with the levels as of December 31  2024. The Group has in place EUR 600 million of undrawn committed lines of credit. Bureau Veritas has a solid financial structure with most of its debt maturities beyond 2026 and at fixed interest rates.2025 SHARE BUYBACK PROGRAMOn April 24  2025  the Group announces a new EUR 200 million share buyback program to be completed by the end of June 2025. This decision reflects the Group's confidence in its resilient business model and takes advantage of the current share price.In accordance with the terms of the share buyback program approved by the Annual General Meeting  the purchased shares will be used for any purpose authorized by the Company’s shareholders at the Annual General Meeting of June 20  2024.LEAP I 28 FOCUSED PORTFOLIO UPDATEIn the first quarter of 2025  the Group completed the acquisition of two companies  representing annualized cumulated revenue of c. EUR 38 million in 2024. These acquisitions are fully aligned with the strategic imperatives of LEAP I 28 to refocus the portfolio.Expand Leadership : The Group aims to expand leadership for businesses in existing strongholds with established leadership positions  through a combination of rapid organic scaling and inorganic expansion.In line with its Buildings & Infrastructure (Capex & Opex) portfolio development strategy  in January 2025  Bureau Veritas announced that it has signed an agreement to acquire Contec AQS. This Italy-based company provides services in construction  infrastructure and Health  Safety & Environment (HSE) domains for public authorities  infrastructure operators  and private manufacturing companies. The company employs c. 190 highly skilled experts and generated revenue of c. EUR 30 million in 2024.: Optimize Value and Impact : The Group aims to optimize value and impact from the remainder of the portfolio by managing their performance in a granular and consistent way. Businesses that do not meet stringent financial performance hurdles will be candidates for performance improvement or portfolio high-grading.Bureau Veritas has an opportunistic M&A approach for these businesses . Specifically  for Metals and Minerals  the Group strengthened its leading position in the copper market with the acquisition of GeoAssay in March 2025 (annualized revenue of c. EUR 8 million). The Group cements its positioning as the Metals & Minerals market leader in Chile  the world’s largest copper producer. The company provides mechanical preparation and minerals samples analysis to customers in the region. It also operates three state-of-the-art laboratories in the country  employing 264 technical employees  bringing deep knowledge in robotics  automation  and mining expertise.The Group announced the divestment of its Food testing business (EUR 133 million of revenue in 2023) in the last quarter of 2024. The closing is proceeding as expected with the divestment of Japan  Southeast Asia and Africa businesses completed in the first quarter of 2025.:Moving forward  the Group will continue its disciplined and targeted bolt-on M&A strategy with focus on small bolt-on acquisitions and will very selectively consider medium-sized bolt-on deals with revenue in the range of EUR 100 million to EUR 500 million.For more information  the press releases are available by clicking here.CORPORATE SOCIAL RESPONSIBILITY COMMITMENTSCorporate Social Responsibility (CSR) key indicatorsUNITED NATIONS’SDGSQ1 2024 Q1 2025 2028TARGET ENVIRONMENT / NATURAL CAPITAL CO 2 emissions (Scopes 1 & 2  1 000 tons)3 #13 150 133 107 SOCIAL & HUMAN CAPITAL Total Accident Rate (TAR)4 #3 0.28 0.24 0.23 Gender balance in senior leadership (EC-II)5 #5 28.1% 27.8% 36.0% Number of learning hours per employee (per year)6 #8 27.8 40.3 40.0 GOVERNANCE Proportion of employees trained to the Code of Ethics #16 98.5% 99.5% 99.0%2025 OUTLOOK UNCHANGEDWhile customers are navigating an uncertain period  the Group has a robust opportunities pipeline  a solid backlog  and mid-to-long-term strong market fundamentals. Therefore  Bureau Veritas keeps its outlook unchanged  and expects to deliver for the full year 2025:Mid-to-high single-digit organic revenue growth Improvement in adjusted operating margin at constant exchange rates Strong cash flow  with a cash conversion7 above 90%.Q1 2025 BUSINESS REVIEWMARINE & OFFSHOREIN EUR MILLION 2025 2024 CHANGE ORGANIC SCOPE CURRENCY Q1 revenue 136.2 122.1 +11.5% +11.8% - (0.3)%Marine & Offshore recorded a strong 11.8% organic growth in the first quarter of 2025  with:A strong double-digit increase in New Construction (45% of divisional revenue)  driven by a faster-than-expected delivery from Asian markets.(45% of divisional revenue)  driven by a faster-than-expected delivery from Asian markets. Low-single-digit growth in Core In-service activity (43% of divisional revenue)  in line with historical and normative levels and with challenging comparables. As of March 31 st   2025  the fleet classed by Bureau Veritas included 12 140 ships  up 2.7% year-on-year and representing 154.8 million Gross Register Tonnage (GRT).activity (43% of divisional revenue)  in line with historical and normative levels and with challenging comparables. As of March 31   2025  the fleet classed by Bureau Veritas included 12 140 ships  up 2.7% year-on-year and representing 154.8 million Gross Register Tonnage (GRT). Mid-single-digit growth in Services (12% of divisional revenue  including Offshore)  with a gradual upturn in orders in Offshore activities.The division maintains strong growth momentum  benefiting from the maritime industry’s plans to renew the global fleet  to reduce emissions and to enhance energy consumption. The Group secured 3.9 million gross tons year-to-date  bringing the order book to 27.0 million gross tons  up 16.1% year-on-year. New orders are driven by dual fuel ships  LNG carriers  container ships and passenger ships.Green objects highlightsDuring the first quarter of 2025  Bureau Veritas contributed to the development of low carbon emissions technologies and issued an Approval in Principle (AiP) to the Marine Design and Research Institute of China (MARIC) for its new 155 000m³ Ultra Large Ethane Carrier (ULEC) design.AGRI-FOOD & COMMODITIESIN EUR MILLION 2025 2024 CHANGE ORGANIC SCOPE CURRENCY Q1 revenue 296.8 297.3 (0.2)% +6.0% (5.9)% (0.3)%The Agri-Food & Commodities business delivered a 6.0% organic revenue growth in the first quarter of 2025.The Oil & Petrochemicals segment (O&P  40% of divisional revenue) achieved low-single-digit organic revenue growth  despite a slowdown of global trade activity on the back of macro uncertainties. The growth was mainly led by a strong-performing Middle East business unit and Oil Condition Monitoring services.The Metals & Minerals business (M&M  27% of divisional revenue) continued to accelerate sequentially  with a high-single-digit organic revenue growth in the first quarter of 2025. This growth was mainly led by the sustained positive momentum in gold and copper prices driving exploration across the world including a ramp-up of operations in the Middle East. Onsite laboratories continued to be potent contributors to the sub-segment performance. Trade activities delivered a high-single-digit organic growth  with good momentum in Asia  Europe and South America.In the first quarter of 2025  Agri-Food (18% of divisional revenue) delivered a low-single-digit growth on an organic basis. This growth was mainly led by a good performance of Agri Upstream activities  on the back of a good soybean crop production in Brazil. In the first quarter of 2025  the Group completed the disposal of the Asian and African Food testing businesses. Australian and Latin American businesses divestments are expected to be closed in the second quarter of 2025.Government services (15% of the divisional revenue) improved sequentially and recorded a high-single-digit organic revenue growth in the first quarter of 2025. This favorable operational momentum was driven by ongoing contract ramp-ups in the Middle East and Africa for Verification of Conformity services. It was also supported by an expansion of the scope for some Government Inspections Services in Southeast Asia.Transition services highlightsIn the first quarter of 2025  the Group secured the renewal and expansion of the scope for the monitoring and controlling of sustainable fishing and aquaculture activities in Peru. These included vessel documentation  operational verification of fish size and supervision of fishmeal production  all carried out on behalf of the local authorities. The Group also provided certification services for seven fish farms in Denmark in line with the Aquaculture Stewardship Council (ASC) standard for responsible farmed seafood.INDUSTRYIN EUR MILLION 2025 2024 CHANGE ORGANIC SCOPE CURRENCY Q1 revenue 335.8 295.6 +13.6% +14.3% +0.7% (1.4)%The Industry division benefitted from favorable customer spending and sustained project delivery in the first quarter of 2025  delivering a 14.3% organic growth increase.By market  the Oil & Gas (33% of divisional revenue) business delivered double-digit organic growth. The current favorable investment cycle and new contract ramp-ups in the Middle East and Asia drove a double-digit organic growth of the Capex activities for both oil and gas projects. Opex activities continued to benefit from several full inspections in major refineries in the same regions.Power & Utilities (15% of divisional revenue) grew at a double-digit rate on an organic basis. Capex activities were led by site supervision services  especially for renewable energy and battery storage projects in North America and Asia. This momentum is fueled by the start of construction for projects approved in late 2024. Nuclear activities performed well  especially in the United Kingdom on the back of new build programs. Opex activities are resilient  led by grids and power sources around global markets.Industry Products Certification (17% of divisional revenue) grew double-digit organically  thanks to maintained momentum on traditional services (pressure vessel testing  welding inspections  and raw materials testing)  and successful rollouts of new ones.Elsewhere  the Environmental Testing business (8% of divisional revenue) grew low-single-digit organically due to unusual weather conditions hampering activity early in the quarter.Other activities (27% of divisional revenue) grew mid-single-digit  with a favorable momentum for Capex-related services  especially in some sectors such as the mining industry.Transition services and Green objects highlightsIn the first quarter of 2025  Bureau Veritas secured several important contracts. This included a contract with a leader in industrial gas production to verify its carbon footprint and activity levels  in compliance with European regulations. The Group was also awarded a contract to provide comprehensive construction management services for a portfolio of ten 20 MW solar projects in the US for a North American power developer. Additionally  Bureau Veritas was selected to provide methane emissions quantification and reporting services for an Oil & Gas company in Brazil.BUILDINGS & INFRASTRUCTUREIN EUR MILLION 2025 2024 CHANGE ORGANIC SCOPE CURRENCY Q1 revenue 476.5 441.0 +8.1% +2.5% +5.2% +0.4%The Buildings & Infrastructure (B&I) business delivered organic revenue growth of 2.5% in the first quarter of 2025. The business was impacted by a reduced number of working days and unfavorable weather conditions early in the year.In this period  organic growth was led by both the construction-related activities (CAPEX) and the building-in service activity (OPEX). By type of asset  the infrastructure segment organic growth outperformed that of buildings.The Americas region (26% of divisional revenue) achieved mid-single-digit organic revenue growth  driven by strong performance in the diversified US portfolio of activities. The US platform recorded high-single-digit organic growth. Both data center services and infrastructure projects delivered double-digit growth. The former was fueled by a continued strong demand from hyperscalers. Real estate transaction-related services also improved  stimulated by stable interest rates. The sales pipeline is promising.Business in Europe (50% of divisional revenue) grew at a low-single-digit organic rate. Italy’s strong performance continued  led by national infrastructure spending. In France  growth was slow from reduced working days impacting the significant Opex-related activities. Excluding that effect  resilient and regulatory-driven activity remained solid  as it also benefited from productivity gains and positive pricing.In the Asia Pacific region (19% of divisional revenue)  the business contracted slightly. This was primarily driven by the Group’s Chinese operations  as weak public spending continued to constrain growth in transport infrastructure. Elsewhere  the activity was more robust  driven by strong performance in South and Southeast Asian countries. In the infrastructure segment  the recent acquisition of APP provides attractive medium-term growth opportunities backed by a strong sales pipeline.Lastly  in the Middle East & Africa region (5% of divisional revenue)  Bureau Veritas maintained a strong double-digit organic revenue growth in the first quarter. This was driven by the performance in Oman  Saudi Arabia  and UAE  where the company supports numerous large-scale and high-profile projects.Transition services highlightsIn the first quarter of 2025  Bureau Veritas was selected by a US state agency to carry out buildings assessments and energy audits for a portfolio of housing assets. The Group was also awarded a contract to perform green building LEED pre-assessment and construction review services for an airport in Italy.CERTIFICATIONIN EUR MILLION 2025 2024 CHANGE ORGANIC SCOPE CURRENCY Q1 revenue 134.1 117.4 +14.2% +10.9% +3.7% (0.4)%Certification was among the strongest performing businesses within the Group’s portfolio in the first quarter of 2025  with organic growth of 10.9%. This was led by increasing volumes and robust price escalations across most geographies. Double-digit organic revenue growth was achieved in Europe  the Middle East and Africa  and high-single-digit organic growth rate elsewhere. This performance reflects high market growth rates  and sustained demand for comprehensive brand protection  risk management solutions and supply chain resilience from customers.QHSE & Specialized Schemes solutions (50% of the divisional revenue) posted high-single-digit growth in the first quarter of 2025  against tougher comparables after a year of recertifications for several schemes across different industries. The growth was driven primarily by customers' heightened demand for customized and voluntary certification programs. Additionally  the company continued to benefit from the scaling up of sizable public outsourcing contracts for food safety inspections in France  as well as food second-party audits and training services in Spain.Sustainability-related solutions & Digital (Cyber) certification activities (33% of divisional revenue) continued to deliver double-digit organic growth. The growth was fueled by high demand for GHG emission verification  forestry services  and ESG supply chain audits. Cybersecurity certification and assurance also recorded double-digit growth from increased customer penetration and excellent market traction.Other solutions  including Training (17% of the divisional revenue) delivered mid-single-digit organic revenue growth in the first quarter of 2025  led by a good activity for training services.Transition services highlightsIn the first quarter of 2025  Bureau Veritas provided CSRD report advice  including a double materiality analysis and a gap assessment  to a leading manufacturing group in Europe. Bureau Veritas also completed the verification and audit of the Environmental Product Declaration (EPDs) for six products of a large steel and building materials manufacturer in UAE.CONSUMER PRODUCTS SERVICESIN EUR MILLION 2025 2024 CHANGE ORGANIC SCOPE CURRENCY Q1 revenue 179.3 166.1 +7.9% +3.4% +4.4% +0.1%The Consumer Products Services division delivered a 3.4% organic growth performance over the first quarter of 2025.Geographically  South and Southeast Asia showed a good dynamic in the first quarter of 2025  benefitting from the recent China derisking strategy undertaken by Europe.The Softlines  Hardlines & Toys segment (accounting for 46% of divisional revenue) delivered mid-single-digit organic growth in the first quarter of 2025. The segment continued to benefit to some extent from a pull forward effect of US companies anticipating tariffs in their sourcing regions. This trend started reversing at the very end of the quarter. Most of the growth was led by South Asia and Vietnam  leveraging the European demand shift towards South Asian countries.Healthcare (including Beauty and Household) (9% of divisional revenue) posted high-single-digit organic growth for the first quarter of 2025. This was spearheaded by good volume growth and pricing benefits  especially in the North American activities serving the domestic markets.Supply Chain & Sustainability services (16% of divisional revenue) delivered a double-digit performance  led by social audits and green claim verification services  especially in Asia.Technology (29% of divisional revenue) recorded a mid-to-high-single-digit contraction in the first quarter of 2025  still affected by a global decrease in demand for electronics  wireless products and new mobility equipment  essentially in China and Taiwan.Regarding the US tariffs announced in April 2025  the Group monitors carefully the situation and is studying different redeployment scenarios to adapt to this new environment.Transition services highlightsDuring the first quarter of 2025  Transition Services continued to grow as the Group accompanied clients’ ESG transformation. The Group delivered life cycle analysis and eco-design certification services for a French wholesaler of electronic parts. It also carried out social audits for the Hardline and Softline products of a German goods importer  covering 500 suppliers in China.PRESENTATIONQ1 2025 revenue will be presented on Thursday  April 24  2025  at 3:00 p.m. (Paris time)A video conference will be webcast live. Please connect to: Link to video conferenceThe presentation slides will be available on: https://group.bureauveritas.com/investors/financial-information/financial-resultsAll supporting documents will be available on the websiteLive dial-in numbers: France: +33 (0)1 70 37 71 66 UK: +44 (0) 33 0551 0200 US: +1 786 697 3501 International: +44 (0) 33 0551 0200 Password: Bureau Veritas2025 FINANCIAL CALENDARShareholder’s meeting: June 19  2025HY 2025 Results: July 25  2025 (pre market)Q3 2025 Revenue: October 23  2025 (pre market)ABOUT BUREAU VERITASBureau Veritas is a world leader in inspection  certification  and laboratory testing services with a powerful purpose: to shape a world of trust by ensuring responsible progress. With a vision to be the preferred partner for customers’ excellence and sustainability  the company innovates to help them navigate change.Created in 1828  Bureau Veritas’ 84 000 employees deliver services in 140 countries. The company’s technical experts support customers to address challenges in quality  health and safety  environmental protection  and sustainability.Bureau Veritas is listed on Euronext Paris and belongs to the CAC 40  CAC 40 ESG  SBF 120 indices and is part of the CAC SBT 1.5° index. Compartment A  ISIN code FR 0006174348  stock symbol: BVI.For more information  visit www.bureauveritas.com  and follow us on LinkedIn.Our information is certified with blockchain technology.Check that this press release is genuine at www.wiztrust.com. ANALYST/INVESTOR CONTACTS MEDIA CONTACTS Laurent Brunelle Anette Rey +33 (0)1 55 24 76 09 +33 (0)6 69 79 84 88 laurent.brunelle@bureauveritas.com anette.rey@bureauveritas.com Colin Verbrugghe Martin Bovo +33 (0)1 55 24 77 80 +33 (0) 6 14 46 79 94 colin.verbrugghe@bureauveritas.com martin.bovo@bureauveritas.comKarine Ansartkarine.ansart@bureauveritas.comInès Lagoutteines.lagoutte@bureauveritas.comThis press release (including the appendices) contains forward-looking statements  which are based on current plans and forecasts of Bureau Veritas’ management. Such forward-looking statements are by their nature subject to a number of important risk and uncertainty factors such as those described in the Universal Registration Document (“Document d’enregistrement universel”) filed by Bureau Veritas with the French Financial Markets Authority (“AMF”) that could cause actual results to differ from the plans  objectives and expectations expressed in such forward-looking statements. These forward-looking statements speak only as of the date on which they are made  and Bureau Veritas undertakes no obligation to update or revise any of them  whether as a result of new information  future events or otherwise  according to applicable regulations.APPENDIX 1: Q1 2025 REVENUE BY BUSINESSIN EUR MILLION Q1 2025 Q1 2024 CHANGE ORGANIC SCOPE CURRENCY Marine & Offshore 136.2 122.1 +11.5% +11.8% - (0.3)% Agri-Food & Commodities 296.8 297.3 (0.2)% +6.0% (5.9)% (0.3)% Industry 335.8 295.6 +13.6% +14.3% +0.7% (1.4)% Buildings & Infrastructure 476.5 441.0 +8.1% +2.5% +5.2% +0.4% Certification 134.1 117.4 +14.2% +10.9% +3.7% (0.4)% Consumer Products 179.3 166.1 +7.9% +3.4% +4.4% +0.1% Total Q1 revenue 1 558.7 1 439.5 +8.3% +7.3% +1.4% (0.4)%APPENDIX 2: 2025 REVENUE BY QUARTERIN EUR MILLION Q1 Marine & Offshore 136.2 Agri-Food & Commodities 296.8 Industry 335.8 Buildings & Infrastructure 476.5 Certification 134.1 Consumer Products 179.3 Total revenue 1 558.7APPENDIX 3: DEFINITION OF ALTERNATIVE PERFORMANCE INDICATORS AND RECONCILIATION WITH IFRSThe management process used by Bureau Veritas is based on a series of alternative performance indicators  as presented below. These indicators were defined for the purposes of preparing the Group’s budgets and internal and external reporting. Bureau Veritas considers that these indicators provide additional useful information to financial statement users  enabling them to better understand the Group’s performance  especially its operating performance. Some of these indicators represent benchmarks in the testing  inspection and certification (“TIC”) business and are commonly used and tracked by the financial community. These alternative performance indicators should be seen as complementary to IFRS-compliant indicators and the resulting changes.GROWTHTotal revenue growthThe total revenue growth percentage measures changes in consolidated revenue between the previous year and the current year. Total revenue growth has three components:Organic growth Impact of changes in the scope of consolidation (scope effect) Impact of changes in exchange rates (currency effect).Organic growthThe Group internally monitors and publishes “organic” revenue growth  which it considers to be more representative of the Group’s operating performance in each of its business sectors.The main measure used to manage and track consolidated revenue growth is like-for-like  also known as organic growth. Determining organic growth enables the Group to monitor trends in its business excluding the impact of currency fluctuations  which are outside of Bureau Veritas’ control  as well as scope effects which concern new businesses or businesses that no longer form part of the business portfolio. Organic growth is used to monitor the Group’s performance internally.Bureau Veritas considers that organic growth provides management and investors with a more comprehensive understanding of its underlying operating performance and current business trends  excluding the impact of acquisitions  divestments (outright divestments as well as the unplanned suspension of operations – in the event of international sanctions  for example) and changes in exchange rates for businesses exposed to foreign exchange volatility  which can mask underlying trends.The Group also considers that separately presenting organic revenue generated by its businesses provides management and investors with useful information on trends in its industrial businesses and enables a more direct comparison with other companies in its industry.Organic revenue growth represents the percentage of revenue growth  presented at Group level and for each business  based on a constant scope of consolidation and exchange rates over comparable periods:Constant scope of consolidation: data are restated for the impact of changes in the scope of consolidation over a 12-month period Constant exchange rates: data for the current year are restated using exchange rates for the previous year.Scope effectTo establish a meaningful comparison between reporting periods  the impact of changes in the scope of consolidation is determined:For acquisitions carried out in the current year: by deducting from revenue for the current year revenue generated by the acquired businesses in the current year For acquisitions carried out in the previous year: by deducting from revenue for the current year revenue generated by the acquired businesses in the months in the previous year in which they were not consolidated For disposals and divestments carried out in the current year: by deducting from revenue for the previous year revenue generated by the disposed and divested businesses in the previous year in the months of the current year in which they were not part of the Group For disposals and divestments carried out in the previous year: by deducting from revenue for the previous year revenue generated by the disposed and divested businesses in the previous year prior to their disposal/divestment.Currency effectThe currency effect is calculated by translating revenue for the current year at the exchange rates for the previous year.1 Alternative performance indicators are presented  defined and reconciled with IFRS in appendix 3 of this press release.2 (Net cash generated from operating activities – lease payments + corporate tax)/adjusted operating profit.3 Scope 1 and Scope 2 greenhouse gas emissions are calculated over a 12-month rolling period  with a one-quarter lag (Q1 2024 to Q4 2024).4 TAR: Total Accident Rate (number of accidents with and without lost time x 200 000/number of hours worked).5 Proportion of women from the Executive Committee to Band II (internal grade corresponding to a management or executive management position) in the Group (number of women on a full-time equivalent basis in a leadership position/total number of full-time equivalents in leadership positions).6 Indicator calculated over a 12-month rolling period.7 (Net cash generated from operating activities – lease payments + corporate tax)/adjusted operating profit.Attachment,positive,0.78,0.22,0.0,positive,0.83,0.17,0.0,True,English,"['EUR 200m share buyback program', 'robust first quarter', 'BUREAU VERITAS', 'unchanged 2025 outlook', 'Increased returns', 'shareholders', 'EUR 200m share buyback program Q1 2025 Key figures1', 'new €200 million share buyback program', 'Q1 2024 CHANGE ORGANIC SCOPE CURRENCY Marine', 'New share buyback program', 'high single-digit organic revenue growth', 'long-term strong market fundamentals', 'current share price', 'robust first quarter performance', 'Positive scope effect', 'Consumer Products Services', 'recurrent customer spending', 'robust opportunities pipeline', 'constant exchange rates', 'Chief Executive Officer', 'complex macroeconomic environment', 'healthy balance sheet', 'last twelve months', 'net financial debt', 'high-single-digit organic increase', 'Strong organic growth', 'execution track record', 'Strong cash flow', 'strong cash generation', 'Solid financial position', 'solid financial structure', 'Negative currency impact', 'clear business plans', 'resilient business model', 'MILLION Q1', 'Total Group revenue', 'Q1 2025 Highlights', 'Currency fluctuations', 'strong execution', 'market developments', 'performance programs', 'Robust start', 'strong growth', 'cash conversion2', 'negative impact', 'solid backlog', 'strong activity', 'moderate growth', 'consistent growth', 'Broad growth', 'good growth', 'mid-single-digit growth', 'PRESS RELEASE', 'Increased returns', 'most currencies', 'Bureau Veritas', 'operating margin', 'Hinda Gharbi', 'geographical mix', 'engaged workforce', 'additional resilience', 'shareholder value', 'upside potential', 'United States', 'Southeast Asia', 'Middle East', 'energy projects', 'committed lines', 'annualized revenue', 'Capex activities', 'Opex activities', 'The Group', '28 portfolio strategy', 'uncertain period', 'Three businesses', 'Southern Europe', 'disciplined bolt', 'unchanged 2025 outlook', 'Two acquisitions', 'full year', 'Infrastructure activities', '8.3% increase', 'Neuilly-sur', 'Seine', 'France', 'April', 'shareholders', 'Industry', 'Offshore', 'Certification', 'Agri-Food', 'Commodities', 'Buildings', '3.0% contribution', 'disposals', 'appreciation', 'Steady', 'region', 'sustained', 'LEAP', 'June', 'confidence', 'advantage', 'customers', 'Improvement', 'proven', 'shares', 'geography', 'Americas', 'Asia-Pacific', 'China', 'Australia', 'Africa', 'past', 'quarters', 'divestments', 'strength', 'March', 'levels', 'December', 'place', 'credit']",2025-04-24,2025-04-25,globenewswire.com
50302,EuroNext,Bing API,https://www.finanznachrichten.de/nachrichten-2025-04/65198259-ab-science-announces-that-ema-granted-orphan-drug-status-to-ab8939-for-the-treatment-of-acute-myeloid-leukemia-399.htm,AB Science announces that EMA granted orphan drug status to AB8939 for the treatment of acute myeloid leukemia,HAS GRANTED ORPHAN DRUG DESIGNATION IN THE EUROPEAN UNION FOR AB8939 IN THE TREATMENT OF ACUTE MYELOID LEUKEMIA Paris  April 23  2025  6.45pm CET AB Science,"PRESS RELEASEEUROPEAN MEDICINES AGENCY (EMA) HAS GRANTED ORPHAN DRUG DESIGNATION IN THE EUROPEAN UNION FOR AB8939 IN THE TREATMENT OF ACUTE MYELOID LEUKEMIAParis  April 23  2025  6.45pm CETAB Science SA (Euronext - FR0010557264 - AB) announces today that the European Medicines Agency (EMA) Committee for Orphan Medicinal Products (COMP) granted orphan drug status to AB8939 for the treatment of acute myeloid leukemia (AML).AB8939 had already obtained orphan drug designation from the US Food and Drug Administration (FDA) in AML.Granting of this orphan drug status in the EU is a significant milestone because it means that the COMP considered that AB8939 offers a significant benefit to people suffering from this condition in addition to existing treatments.Indeed  the criteria to obtain orphan drug designation at EMA differ from those at FDA and are very stringent for the following reasons:There must be no satisfactory method of diagnosis  prevention or treatment of the condition or  if such a method exists  the medicinal product must offer a significant benefit to patients.Because the application is based on an assumption of significant benefit  a comparison with authorized treatments is required.Significant benefit means that a medicine produces a clinically relevant advantage or makes a major contribution to patient care  as compared with existing methods to treat the condition. Thus  orphan designation is given to a product that will improve patients' current treatment  having considered what else is available.To follow the spirit of the orphan legislation  which makes it clear that an orphan application may be made at any stage of the development  significant benefit will be based on the available evidence at the stage of designation.In support of the significant benefit of AB8939 in AML  AB Science has released preclinical data from mouse models demonstrating a significant benefit of AB8939 treatment over current therapies  such as cytarabine  azacitidine (Vidaza®) and venetoclax (Venclexta®). This included:Efficacy on resistant cells: AB8939 manages to have an effect on the cancer cells (blasts) of AML patients  even when these cells are resistant to other drugs such as vincristine or cytarabine. For example  45% of vincristine-resistant cells and 66% of cytarabine-resistant cells still respond to AB8939  including in severe cases with complex genetic mutations (MECOM  TP53).Convincing results in xenograft models derived from refractory AML patients: In these mouse models which mimick human AML  AB8939 reduces tumors and prolongs survival  even when cells are resistant to cytarabine.Additive effect with reference treatments: When used with other treatments (cytarabine  Vidaza® or venetoclax)  AB8939 further improves results. For example  with venetoclax  it eliminates cancer cells in the blood  spleen and bone marrow  without serious side effects.Furthermore  unlike venetoclax  AB8939 does not cause blood toxicity (hematotoxicity) and appears to act synergistically with other treatments  reinforcing its efficacy.AB Science also presented preliminary efficacy and safety data from phase 1 of AB8939 as a monotherapy  with a 3-day treatment cycle (stage 1 of phase 1) and a 14-day treatment cycle (stage 2 of phase 1).Professor Olivier Hermine  President of AB Science's Scientific Committee  member of the French Academy of Sciences and Head of the Hematology Department at Necker Hospital  commented: ""This designation testifies to the potential of AB8939 for the treatment of AML. Indeed  AB8939 has shown activity as a monotherapy on Ara-C-resistant patient lines  including in unfavorable genetic situations (MECOM  TP53 mutations) that have resisted all treatments administered to date  as well as a synergistic effect with the reference treatments Vidaza® and Venclexta®. The ongoing Phase 1 trial will now evaluate the combination of AB8939 with these reference treatments in refractory patients"".About AB8939AB8939 is a new synthetic molecule which jointly targets cancer cells  by destabilizing the microtubules essential for cell division  and cancer stem cells  by inhibiting enzymes (ALDH1A1 and ALDH2) essential for maintaining their physiological state and survival. The molecule '1-{4-[2-(5-ethoxymethyl-2-methylphenylamino)-oxazol-5-yl]phenyl}imidazolidin-2-one' is the chemical name of AB8939. The intellectual property of AB8939 is 100% owned by AB Science.About the benefits of orphan drug designationEuropean orphan drug designation is granted by the European Commission to medicinal products intended for the treatment of life-threatening or chronically debilitating conditions that affect no more than 5 in 10 000 people in the European Union (EU)  or for which it must be unlikely that the marketing of the medicinal product will generate sufficient revenue to justify the investment required for its development. In addition  there must be no satisfactory method of diagnosis  prevention or treatment of the condition concerned  or  if such a method exists  the drug must offer a significant benefit to sufferers.An orphan drug designation in the EU confers a range of benefits on sponsoring companies  including scientific advice on all aspects of product development at a reduced fee  direct access to the centralized marketing authorization procedure  and eligibility for certain financial incentives made available by the Community and Member States to support research and development of orphan drugs. If the product is approved for marketing  the designation also confers 10 years of marketing exclusivity from product registration if the orphan drug designation still prevails at the time of marketing authorization.In February 2018  the EMA published a Q&A document to clear up common misunderstandings about the meaning of orphan drug designation and other aspects related to orphan drugs:https://www.ema.europa.eu/en/documents/other/rare-diseases-orphan-medicines-getting-facts-straight_en.pdfAbout AB ScienceFounded in 2001  AB Science is a pharmaceutical company specializing in the research  development and commercialization of protein kinase inhibitors (PKIs)  a class of targeted proteins whose action are key in signaling pathways within cells. Our programs target only diseases with high unmet medical needs  often lethal with short term survival or rare or refractory to previous line of treatment.AB Science has developed a proprietary portfolio of molecules and the Company's lead compound  masitinib  has already been registered for veterinary medicine and is developed in human medicine in oncology  neurological diseases  inflammatory diseases and viral diseases. The company is headquartered in Paris  France  and listed on Euronext Paris (ticker: AB).Further information is available on AB Science's website:www.ab-science.com.Forward-looking Statements - AB ScienceThis press release contains forward-looking statements. These statements are not historical facts. These statements include projections and estimates as well as the assumptions on which they are based  statements based on projects  objectives  intentions and expectations regarding financial results  events  operations  future services  product development and their potential or future performance.These forward-looking statements can often be identified by the words ""expect""  ""anticipate""  ""believe""  ""intend""  ""estimate"" or ""plan"" as well as other similar terms. While AB Science believes these forward-looking statements are reasonable  investors are cautioned that these forward-looking statements are subject to numerous risks and uncertainties that are difficult to predict and generally beyond the control of AB Science and which may imply that results and actual events significantly differ from those expressed  induced or anticipated in the forward-looking information and statements. These risks and uncertainties include the uncertainties related to product development of the Company which may not be successful or to the marketing authorizations granted by competent authorities or  more generally  any factors that may affect marketing capacity of the products developed by AB Science  as well as those developed or identified in the public documents published by AB Science. AB Science disclaims any obligation or undertaking to update the forward-looking information and statements  subject to the applicable regulations  in particular articles 223-1 et seq. of the AMF General Regulations.For additional information  please contact:AB ScienceFinancial Communication & Media Relationsinvestors@ab-science.com",neutral,0.01,0.97,0.03,mixed,0.11,0.21,0.68,True,English,"['orphan drug status', 'acute myeloid leukemia', 'AB Science', 'EMA', 'AB8939', 'treatment', 'GRANTED ORPHAN DRUG DESIGNATION', 'European orphan drug designation', 'ACUTE MYELOID LEUKEMIA', 'serious side effects', 'Professor Olivier Hermine', 'unfavorable genetic situations', '4-[2-(5-ethoxymethyl-2-methylphenylamino', 'chronically debilitating conditions', 'EUROPEAN MEDICINES AGENCY', 'complex genetic mutations', 'Ara-C-resistant patient lines', 'orphan drug status', 'new synthetic molecule', '3-day treatment cycle', '14-day treatment cycle', 'ongoing Phase 1 trial', 'Orphan Medicinal Products', 'AB Science SA', 'cancer stem cells', ""patients' current treatment"", 'refractory AML patients', 'orphan designation', 'orphan legislation', 'refractory patients', 'EUROPEAN UNION', 'Drug Administration', 'European Commission', 'patient care', 'current therapies', 'TP53 mutations', 'orphan application', 'cancer cells', 'PRESS RELEASE', '6.45pm CET', 'US Food', 'significant milestone', 'significant benefit', 'following reasons', 'relevant advantage', 'major contribution', 'existing methods', 'available evidence', 'preclinical data', 'mouse models', 'other drugs', 'severe cases', 'xenograft models', 'bone marrow', 'safety data', 'Scientific Committee', 'French Academy', 'Hematology Department', 'Necker Hospital', 'cell division', 'physiological state', 'chemical name', 'intellectual property', 'sufficient revenue', 'resistant cells', 'existing treatments', 'authorized treatments', 'reference treatments', 'other treatments', 'Additive effect', 'synergistic effect', 'human AML', 'satisfactory method', 'Convincing results', 'blood toxicity', 'EMA) Committee', 'preliminary efficacy', 'AB8939 treatment', 'AML.', 'Paris', 'April', 'Euronext', 'FDA', 'Granting', 'people', 'addition', 'criteria', 'diagnosis', 'prevention', 'assumption', 'spirit', 'stage', 'development', 'support', 'cytarabine', 'azacitidine', 'Vidaza', 'venetoclax', 'Venclexta', 'blasts', 'vincristine', 'example', 'MECOM', 'tumors', 'survival', 'spleen', 'hematotoxicity', 'monotherapy', 'President', 'member', 'Sciences', 'Head', 'potential', 'activity', 'date', 'combination', 'microtubules', 'enzymes', 'ALDH1A1', 'benefits', 'life-threatening', 'marketing', 'investment']",2025-04-06,2025-04-25,finanznachrichten.de
50303,EuroNext,Bing API,https://www.penews.com/articles/euronext-boss-says-ipo-market-frozen-after-trump-trade-war-impact-761df413,Euronext boss says IPO market ‘frozen’ after Trump trade war impact,The chief executive of Euronext said global IPOs have been “frozen” by volatility tied to US president Donald Trump’s tariff policies. Stéphane Boujnah told Private Equity News’ sister title Financial News that while “the IPO pipeline is thick”  deals are being hamstrung by “an unprecedented level of volatility”.,The chief executive of Euronext said global IPOs have been “frozen” by volatility tied to US president Donald Trump’s tariff policies. Stéphane Boujnah told Private Equity News’ sister title Financial News that while “the IPO pipeline is thick”  deals are being hamstrung by “an unprecedented level of volatility”.,negative,0.0,0.26,0.74,neutral,0.0,0.78,0.22,True,English,"['Trump trade war impact', 'Euronext boss', 'IPO market', 'Private Equity News’ sister title Financial News', 'US president Donald Trump', 'Stéphane Boujnah', 'chief executive', 'global IPOs', 'tariff policies', 'IPO pipeline', 'unprecedented level', 'Euronext', 'volatility', 'deals']",2025-04-25,2025-04-25,penews.com
50304,EuroNext,Bing API,https://www.musicbusinessworldwide.com/confirmed-european-competition-regulator-to-assess-umgs-775m-acquisition-of-downtown-music/,Confirmed: European competition regulator to assess UMG’s $775m acquisition of Downtown Music,European regulators are officially preparing to investigate Universal Music Group‘s proposed $775 million Downtown Music acquisition. The Financial Times first reported that an announcement about a probe into the deal was expected today (April 25).,European regulators are officially preparing to investigate Universal Music Group‘s proposed $775 million Downtown Music acquisition.The Financial Times first reported that an announcement about a probe into the deal was expected today (April 25). The official announcement has now arrived.The European Commission confirms that it has accepted requests submitted by Austria and the Netherlands to assess the proposed acquisition of Downtown by UMG under the EU Merger Regulation (EMMR).The FT quoted UMG in the initial report as stating that the company looks “forward to continuing to co-operate with the commission” and that “we are confident that we will close this acquisition in the second half of the year  on its original timeline.”UMG’s Virgin Music Group revealed in December that it had agreed to buy Downtown Music Holdings LLC.The FT’s initial report indicated that the EC’s probe will be carried out in response to a referral from the Dutch competition regulator  the Netherlands Authority for Consumers and Markets. UMG trades on Euronext in Amsterdam.“We are confident that we will close this acquisition in the second half of the year  on its original timeline.” Universal Music groupAccording to the official announcement from the EC on Friday (April 25): “The proposed transaction does not reach the turnover thresholds set out in the EUMR and therefore was not notified to the Commission.“However  it was notified for merger control clearance in Austria and the Netherlands  where it met the relevant national turnover-based notification thresholds.”According to the European competition regulator  the Netherlands “submitted a referral request to the Commission pursuant to Article 22(1) EUMR”.The official announcement continued: “This provision allows Member States to request the Commission to examine a concentration that does not have an EU dimension but affects trade within the Single Market and threatens to significantly affect competition within the territory of the Member State(s) making the request.”The EC said that “other countries of the European Economic Area (‘EEA’) had the opportunity to join the original referral request” and that Austria joined the initial referral request.“UMG cannot implement the transaction before notifying and obtaining clearance from the Commission.” European CommissionYou can read the rest of the EC’s statement below:“On the basis of the information at the Commission’s disposal  and without prejudice to the outcome of its full investigation  the Commission considers that the transaction meets the criteria for referral under Article 22 of the EUMR.“In particular  the transaction threatens to significantly affect competition in certain markets of the music value chain  where both companies are active  in Austria and in the Netherlands  as well as in many other Member States.“The Commission has therefore concluded that it is best placed to examine the transaction. The Commission has asked UMG to notify the transaction.“UMG cannot implement the transaction before notifying and obtaining clearance from the Commission.”Downtown works with over 5 000 business clients and more than 4 million creators in 145 countries across its various businesses. Its portfolio of businesses includes FUGA  Downtown Artist & Label Services  Curve Royalties  CD Baby  Downtown Music Publishing and Songtrust.The company started life as a music publisher in 2007 but today acts as a ‘pure’ services company that operates across recorded music  publishing  and other areas.It hasn’t owned copyrights since selling a portfolio to Concord for approximately $400 million three-and-a-half years ago.Independent label representatives have criticized UMG’s proposed deal to buy the company and urged regulators to investigate.Music Business Worldwide,neutral,0.09,0.9,0.0,negative,0.0,0.26,0.74,True,English,"['European competition regulator', '$775m acquisition', 'Downtown Music', 'UMG', 'relevant national turnover-based notification thresholds', 'Downtown Music Holdings LLC', 'many other Member States', '$775 million Downtown Music acquisition', 'Universal Music Group', 'Virgin Music Group', 'music value chain', 'European Economic Area', 'EU Merger Regulation', 'Independent label representatives', 'Music Business Worldwide', 'The Financial Times', 'Dutch competition regulator', 'merger control clearance', 'European competition regulator', 'Downtown Music Publishing', 'pure’ services company', 'original referral request', 'initial referral request', 'The European Commission', 'turnover thresholds', '4 million creators', 'Label Services', 'music publisher', 'other areas', 'EU dimension', '5,000 business clients', 'Downtown Artist', 'The FT', 'initial report', 'original timeline', 'other countries', 'European regulators', 'second half', 'Single Market', 'full investigation', 'Curve Royalties', 'CD Baby', 'official announcement', 'The Commission', 'various businesses', 'Netherlands Authority', 'UMG trades', '145 countries', 'probe', 'deal', 'April', 'requests', 'Austria', 'EMMR', 'year', 'December', 'response', 'Consumers', 'Markets', 'Euronext', 'Amsterdam', 'Friday', 'transaction', 'EUMR', 'Article', 'provision', 'concentration', 'territory', 'EEA', 'opportunity', 'rest', 'statement', 'basis', 'information', 'disposal', 'prejudice', 'outcome', 'criteria', 'companies', 'portfolio', 'FUGA', 'Songtrust', 'life', 'copyrights', 'Concord']",2025-04-25,2025-04-25,musicbusinessworldwide.com
50305,EuroNext,Bing API,https://medicaldialogues.in/news/industry/pharma/sanofi-invests-euro-15-milion-in-innate-pharma-147287,Sanofi invests Euro 15 milion in Innate Pharma,Marseille: Innate Pharma SA has announced a €14 999 998.59 capital increase subscribed by Sanofi.As announced on April 23  2025  and given the satisfactory market conditions  Sanofi has agreed,Marseille: Innate Pharma SA has announced a €14 999 998.59 capital increase subscribed by Sanofi.As announced on April 23  2025  and given the satisfactory market conditions  Sanofi has agreed to subscribe to 8 345 387 new ordinary shares of Innate  at a price of €1.7974 per share  representing a total capital increase of €14 999 998.59 (€417 269.35 in nominal amount and €14 582 729.24 of issue premium).The subscription price of €1.7974 per share (€0.05 in nominal amount and €1.7474 of issue premium) is equal to the daily volume-weighted average price of the ordinary shares of Innate on the regulated market of Euronext in Paris on April 23  2025.“We welcome Sanofi’s strategic investment in Innate  which further reinforces the strength of our collaboration. The proceeds from this capital increase will be used for general corporate purposes  including extending our cash runway to support continued pipeline execution and long-term value creation”  said Jonathan Dickinson  Chief Executive Officer of Innate Pharma.This capital increase is to be completed pursuant to the 22nd resolution of the combined general meeting of shareholders of Innate held on 23 May 2024.Closing of the capital increase is expected to take place on April 25  2025. The newly issued shares will be admitted to trading on the regulated market of Euronext in Paris on the same day.The tables below set out the Company’s shareholding  based on the information available to Innate as of the date of this press release  before and after the closing of the capital increase:Before closingShareholder Nb of Shares* % Nb of voting rights† % Novo Nordisk A/S 9 817 546 11.71% 9 817 546 11.60% Medimmune Limited 7 485 500 8.93% 7 485 500 8.85% Bpifrance Participations 6 389 406 7.62% 6 389 406 7.55% Members of the Executive Board  Supervisory Board and Leadership Team 846 944 1.01% 911 444 1.08% Treasury shares 18 575 0.02% 0 0% Public 59 286 440 70.71% 59 995 085 70.92% Total 83 844 411 100% 84 598 981 100%After closing,neutral,0.01,0.98,0.01,positive,0.68,0.32,0.0,True,English,"['Innate Pharma', 'Sanofi', 'Euro', 'milion', 'daily volume-weighted average price', 'general corporate purposes', 'continued pipeline execution', 'long-term value creation', 'combined general meeting', 'Novo Nordisk A/S', 'Chief Executive Officer', 'satisfactory market conditions', 'total capital increase', '8,345,387 new ordinary shares', 'Innate Pharma SA', 'Executive Board', 'subscription price', 'regulated market', '998.59 capital increase', 'nominal amount', 'issue premium', 'strategic investment', 'cash runway', 'Jonathan Dickinson', '22nd resolution', 'same day', 'press release', 'voting rights', 'Medimmune Limited', 'Bpifrance Participations', 'Supervisory Board', 'Leadership Team', 'Treasury shares', 'Shareholder Nb', 'Marseille', 'Sanofi', 'April', 'Euronext', 'Paris', 'strength', 'collaboration', 'proceeds', 'shareholders', '23 May', 'Closing', 'place', 'tables', 'Company', 'shareholding', 'information', 'date', 'Members', 'Public', '€']",2025-04-25,2025-04-25,medicaldialogues.in
50306,EuroNext,Bing API,https://www.finanznachrichten.de/nachrichten-2025-04/65210150-paratus-energy-services-ltd-paratus-extension-of-share-buyback-timeline-008.htm,Paratus Energy Services Ltd: Paratus - Extension of Share Buyback Timeline,"Paratus Energy Services Ltd. (Oslo: PLSV) (""Paratus"" or the ""Company"") refers to its announcement dated April 2  2025  regarding the initiation","HAMILTON  Bermuda  April 25  2025 /PRNewswire/ -- Paratus Energy Services Ltd. (Oslo: PLSV) (""Paratus"" or the ""Company"") refers to its announcement dated April 2  2025  regarding the initiation of a share buyback program (the ""Buyback"") of up to 1 600 000 shares for a total NOK consideration equivalent to $5 million.The Company announces that it will require additional time to complete the Buyback  which was originally due to expire on April 30  2025. Accordingly  the Buyback will now remain in effect until the earlier of: (i) the acquisition of the maximum number of shares as set above; (ii) the maximum total consideration as set out above has been reached; or (iii) May 28  2025.All other terms of the Buyback remain unchanged. Paratus has engaged Arctic Securities AS (""Arctic"") to facilitate the Buyback through open market transactions on Euronext Oslo Børs. Arctic will continue to execute trades independently of  and uninfluenced by  Paratus  subject to the mandate for the Buyback.The purpose of the Buyback remains to provide a return of capital to the Company's shareholders. The shares acquired will be in whole or in part held in treasury or cancelled at the discretion of the Company's Board. The Buyback will otherwise be structured to comply with the regulation regarding buy-back programmes and stabilisation measures (pursuant to the Market Abuse Regulation (EU Regulation 596/2014)).This information is subject to disclosure pursuant to section 5-12 of the Norwegian Securities Trading Act.For further information  please contact:Robert Jensen  CEOrobert.jensen@paratus-energy.com+47 958 26 729Baton Haxhimehmedi  CFObaton.haxhimehmedi@paratus-energy.com+47 406 39 083About ParatusParatus Energy Services Ltd. (Oslo: PLSV) is an investment holding company of a group of leading energy services companies. The Paratus Group is primarily comprised of its ownership of Fontis Energy and a 50/50 JV interest in Seagems. Fontis Energy is an offshore drilling company with a fleet of five high-specification jack-up rigs working under contracts in Mexico. Seagems is a leading subsea services company  with a fleet of six multi-purpose pipe-laying support vessels under contracts in Brazil. In addition  Paratus is the largest shareholder in Archer Ltd  a global oil services company  listed on the Euronext Oslo Børs.This information was brought to you by Cision http://news.cision.comhttps://news.cision.com/paratus-energy-services-ltd/r/paratus---extension-of-share-buyback-timeline c4140332View original content:https://www.prnewswire.co.uk/news-releases/paratus--extension-of-share-buyback-timeline-302438152.html",neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,neutral,0.0,0.98,0.01,True,English,"['Paratus Energy Services Ltd', 'Buyback Timeline', 'Extension', 'Share', 'six multi-purpose pipe-laying support vessels', 'five high-specification jack-up rigs', 'Norwegian Securities Trading Act', 'leading energy services companies', 'Euronext Oslo Børs', 'leading subsea services company', 'global oil services company', 'Paratus Energy Services Ltd', 'total NOK consideration', 'open market transactions', '50/50 JV interest', 'maximum total consideration', 'investment holding company', 'offshore drilling company', 'Arctic Securities AS', 'Market Abuse Regulation', 'share buyback program', 'The Paratus Group', 'Archer Ltd', 'The Company', 'Fontis Energy', 'maximum number', 'additional time', 'other terms', 'buy-back programmes', 'stabilisation measures', 'EU Regulation', 'CEO robert', 'CFO baton', 'largest shareholder', 'original content', 'The Buyback', 'Robert Jensen', 'Baton Haxhimehmedi', 'to 1,600,000 shares', 'news.cision', 'HAMILTON', 'Bermuda', 'April', 'PRNewswire', 'PLSV', 'announcement', 'initiation', 'effect', 'acquisition', 'May', 'trades', 'mandate', 'return', 'capital', 'shareholders', 'part', 'treasury', 'discretion', 'Board', 'information', 'disclosure', 'section', 'ownership', 'Seagems', 'fleet', 'contracts', 'Mexico', 'Brazil', 'paratus-energy-services', 'extension', 'share-buyback-timeline', 'news-releases']",2025-04-06,2025-04-25,finanznachrichten.de
