UID,Searchword,API,URL,Title,Summary,Article,Title_Sentiment,Title_Positive,Title_Neutral,Title_Negative,Article_Sentiment,Article_Positive,Article_Neutral,Article_Negative,Verified,Language,Topics,Date,Load_Date,Source
48913,Euroclear,NewsApi.org,https://biztoc.com/x/b24ebfb3c5fb03e9,Euroclear to participate in the UK’s digital securities sandbox,Euroclear UK & International (EUI) has informed UK authorities of its intention to participate in the UK’s digital securities sandbox (DSS).This initiative  led by the Bank of England and the Financial Conduct Authority  explores emerging technologies in dig…,Euroclear UK & International (EUI) has informed UK authorities of its intention to participate in the UK’s digital securities sandbox (DSS).This initiative  led by the Bank of England and the Financial Conduct Authority  explores emerging technologies in dig…,neutral,0.0,0.99,0.0,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,True,English,"['digital securities sandbox', 'Euroclear', 'UK', 'digital securities sandbox', 'Financial Conduct Authority', 'emerging technologies', 'Euroclear UK', 'UK authorities', 'International', 'EUI', 'intention', 'DSS', 'initiative', 'Bank', 'England']",2025-02-17,2025-02-18,biztoc.com
48914,Euroclear,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2025/02/17/3027015/0/en/Aspo-Group-financial-statements-release-January-1-December-31-2024.html,Aspo Group financial statements release  January 1 – December 31  2024,Aspo Plc Financial statements release               February 17  2025  at 8:00 amAspo Group financial statements release  January 1 – December 31  2024  ...,Aspo PlcFinancial statements releaseFebruary 17  2025  at 8:00 amAspo Group financial statements release  January 1 – December 31  2024A year of successful strategy executionThis is a summary of the financial statements release of Aspo Plc. The compete report is attached to this release and available at www.aspo.com/en/news/news.Figures from the corresponding period in 2023 are presented in brackets.October–December 2024Net sales from continuing operations increased to EUR 159.8 (132.2) millionComparable EBITA from continuing operations grew to EUR 8.0 (7.2) million  5.0% (5.5%) of net sales. The comparable EBITA of ESL Shipping was EUR 4.3 (5.0) million  Telko EUR 3.9 (2.6) million  and Leipurin EUR 1.1 (0.9) millionEBITA from continuing operations was EUR 8.1 (6.8) million. EBITA of ESL Shipping was EUR 4.4 (4.4) million  Telko EUR 3.9 (2.6) million  and Leipurin EUR 1.1 (1.0) millionComparable ROE from continuing operations was 13.0% (9.9%)Comparable earnings per share from continuing operations were EUR 0.15 (0.10)Free cash flow was EUR -18.7 (0.3) million driven by investmentsOn October 9  2024  Aspo announced that ESL Shipping invests in four green handy vessels with a total value of approximately EUR 186 million. This investment takes place during the years 2024–2028Aspo made a commitment to Science Based Targets initiative (SBTi)On December 2  2024  Aspo’s subsidiary Leipurin reached an agreement with Kartagena UAB to take over their food ingredients distribution business in LithuaniaJanuary–December 2024Net sales from continuing operations increased to EUR 592.6 (536.4) millionComparable EBITA from continuing operations grew to EUR 29.1 (27.5) million  4.9% (5.1%) of net sales. The comparable EBITA of ESL Shipping was EUR 16.9 (18.4) million  Telko EUR 12.6 (9.7) million  and Leipurin EUR 4.9 (4.5) millionEBITA from continuing operations was EUR 21.2 (27.2) million. EBITA of ESL Shipping was EUR 9.2 (17.8) million  Telko EUR 12.5 (8.7) million  and Leipurin EUR 4.5 (5.9) millionComparable ROE from continuing operations was 9.2% (11.9%)Comparable earnings per share from continuing operations were EUR 0.39 (0.46)Free cash flow was EUR -36.1 (27.3) million driven by acquisitions and investmentsNet debt to comparable EBITDA  rolling 12 months ratio was 3.2 (2.7)Successful strategy execution including sale of a minority stake in ESL Shipping  sale of the supramax vessels  Telko’s expansion through acquisitions in Sweden and into new markets in France  Benelux and Germany  as well as Leipurin’s non-organic growth and successful transformation and ESL Shipping’s decision to invest in four green handy vesselsAspo’s vision is to split the company into two separate companies  i.e. Aspo Compounder (Telko and Leipurin) and Aspo Infra (ESL Shipping)  before Aspo turns 100 years in 2029The Board proposes a dividend of EUR 0.19 per share for the financial year 2024Guidance for 2025Aspo Group’s comparable EBITA is expected to be EUR 35 - 45 million in 2025 (EUR 29.1 million in 2024).Assumptions behind the guidanceAspo’s operating environment is estimated to remain challenging during the first half of the year and to gradually improve during the second half of the year. Aspo’s profit improvement for the year is expected to come mainly from profit generation of the green coaster vessels  from Telko’s and Leipurin’s acquisitions completed in 2024  as well as from various intensified profit improvement actions throughout Aspo’s businesses. The higher end of the expected comparable EBITA range is expected to be achieved if all the planned profit improvement measures are successful and there is a clear economic recovery during the second half of the year. The lower end of the range may be realized if the economic recovery is further delayed  or significant volumes would be lost due to strikes or other unforeseen negative events.When entering into year 2025  ESL Shipping’s demand is expected to be weak overall  with fairly low contractual volumes combined with low spot market pricing. Volumes from forest and steel industry customers are expected to slowly revive during the year.For Telko  overall stable market development is expected going forward with demand slowly picking up. After successfully completing three acquisitions in 2024  the focus is on integrating the acquired companies. Securing organic growth and positive profitability development will be in focus. Acquisition-related expenses are expected to be at a much lower level in 2025 compared with 2024.For Leipurin  the market is expected to be stable. Opportunities for growth remains in the food industry  where the addressable market for Leipurin is multiple compared to bakery. Leipurin remains in a good position to continue improving its profitability.Key figures 10-12/2024 10-12/2023 1-12/2024 1-12/2023 Net sales from continuing operations  MEUR 159.8 132.2 592.6 536.4 EBITA Group total  MEUR 8.1 0.3 21.2 11.1 Comparable EBITA Group total  MEUR 8.0 7.4 29.1 27.9 EBITA from continuing operations  MEUR 8.1 6.8 21.2 27.2 Comparable EBITA from continuing operations  MEUR 8.0 7.2 29.1 27.5 Comparable EBITA from continuing operations  % 5.0 5.5 4.9 5.1 Profit for the period  MEUR 6.0 -3.7 7.3 1.6 Comparable profit for the period from continuing operations  MEUR5.9 3.5 15.2 16.5 Earnings per share (EPS)  EUR 0.16 -0.13 0.14 -0.01 Comparable EPS from continuing operations  EUR 0.15 0.10 0.39 0.46 Free cash flow  MEUR -18.7 0.3 -36.1 27.3 Free cash flow per share  EUR -0.6 0.0 -1.2 0.9 Comparable ROCE from continuing operations  % 8.2 9.3 8.1 8.6 Return on equity (ROE)  % 13.2 -10.4 4.4 1.2 Comparable ROE from continuing operations  % 13.0 9.9 9.2 11.9 Invested capital from continuing operations  MEUR 403.7 314.5 Net debt  MEUR 188.0 165.2 Net debt / comparable EBITDA  12 months rolling 3.2 2.7 Equity per share  EUR 5.13 4.47 Equity ratio  % 36.9 34.4To improve accuracy  the figures presented in this financial statements release have been calculated without rounding and may therefore differ from those published in the previous year.Rolf Jansson  CEO of Aspo Group  comments on the fourth quarter of 2024:Aspo’s financial ambition is to reach EUR 1 billion of net sales and an EBITA of 8% in year 2028. To reach this ambition  a total investment of approximately EUR 300-350 million is required during 2024-2028  out of which approximately EUR 205 million is already committed. The investment is focused on acquisitions of Telko and Leipurin  and investments in new capacity of ESL Shipping. Aspo’s vision is to split the company into two separate companies  i.e. Aspo Compounder (Telko and Leipurin) and Aspo Infra (ESL Shipping)  before Aspo turns 100 years in 2029.Year 2024 has entailed a major transformation of Aspo. Telko and Leipurin have grown via several strategic acquisitions and all businesses have fully exited Russia. The role of Scandinavia  and especially Sweden  has increased significantly during year 2024  and is today Aspo’s largest market. In addition  ESL Shipping has made major investments in new green vessels. The market environment remained challenging throughout the year  negatively affecting Aspo’s profitability. Although 2024 profits were below expectations  Aspo’s comparable EBITA from continuing operations for the year 2024 of EUR 29.1 million is an improvement from previous year (EUR 27.5 million) and significantly higher than historical levels during the past ten years. Aspo’s profit generation during the second half of year 2024 was significantly stronger than during the first half of year 2024.Aspo continued to grow and improve its profitability during the fourth quarter of 2024. Aspo’s net sales growth of 20.8% compared to the fourth quarter 2023 was driven by the acquisitions made by Telko and Leipurin and Telko’s organic growth  as well as by ESL Shipping’s sale of a green coaster vessel to the pool investor company. Comparable EBITA from continuing operations was EUR 8.0 million compared to EUR 7.2 million in the corresponding period in the previous year.During the fourth quarter  ESL Shipping suffered from low industrial activity. Market prices in the spot market were weak  which is unusual for the period  and contractual volumes were lower overall than expected. Time-charted agreements were unprofitable considering these market conditions and will be restructured from the beginning of 2025. Telko’s sales grew both organically as well as due to acquisitions. Despite overall weak market demand  Telko’s profitability was boosted by positive development of sales margins and the completed acquisitions during the quarter. Post-merger integration activities have progressed according to plan. The profit generation of the completed acquisitions was small during the year 2024 when considering M&A costs and IFRS-treatment of inventory values  leaving strong potential for profit improvement in the year 2025. Leipurin continued to improve its profitability in a market with flat pricing and volumes. Kebelco’s profitability development has been strong  also revitalizing Leipurin’s sales trend in the food industry. Supply chain improvement activities and commercial successes of Leipurin Sweden  combined with the additions of Kebelco and Kartagena  form a strong platform for improving profitability going forward.During the fourth quarter of 2024  ESL Shipping Ltd. announced the investment of approximately EUR 186 million in a series of four new  fossil-free handy-sized vessels. The new vessels can be operated entirely fossil free by use of e-methanol. All four ships are scheduled to be in service by the end of the first half of 2028. ESL Shipping’s ESG driven investments offer green transition opportunities for its customers. This investment further strengthens ESL Shipping’s ESG driven strategy and supports achieving the company’s financial ambitions.Leipurin reached an agreement in December 2024 with Kartagena UAB to take over the food ingredients distribution business previously conducted by Kartagena UAB. This arrangement strengthens Leipurin’s Baltic market position and provides for new growth opportunities in prioritized market segments in the region. In October 2024  Leipurin announced the completion of its exit from Russia  a big strategic target for Aspo.Aspo’s businesses target to be forerunners in sustainability in their respective industries. Aligned with this target  Aspo announced in December 2024  that it has joined the Science Based Targets initiative (SBTi) and committed to setting a company-wide science-based emission reduction target in the near term. Also  Aspo reached the emission intensity  and the TRIF targets set for the year 2024.Aspo’s Board of Directors proposes a dividend distribution of EUR 0.19 per share for year 2024. The proposed dividend represents 49% of Aspo’s comparable earnings per share for 2024.After a year of strong strategy execution  Aspo’s focus for year 2025 lies on profitability generation. The market is expected to remain challenging  but the acquisitions and investment made are gradually expected to improve profitability. Focus will be on organic growth  integration and performance improvement actions.Financial performance and targetsAspo's long-term financial targets introduced at Aspo’s CMD on May 14  2024  are:Minimum increase in net sales: 5–10% a yearComparable EBITA of 8%Return on equity: more than 20%Net debt to comparable EBITDA  rolling 12 months ratio below 3.0On a business level  ESL Shipping’s long-term comparable EBITA target is 14%  Telko’s 8% and Leipurin’s 5%.In January-December 2024  Aspo’s net sales from continuing operations grew by 10.5% to EUR 592.6 (536.4) million. The comparable EBITA rate of the continuing operations stood at 4.9% (5.1%). Comparable return on equity from continuing operations was 9.2% (11.9%) and net debt to comparable EBITDA  rolling 12 months ratio was 3.2 (2.7).The Board of Directors’ dividend proposalTo support the execution of Aspo’s growth strategy the dividend policy was updated in year 2024 to reflect the company strategy and growth ambition  the ongoing transition and specific business characteristics. According to the revised dividend policy  Aspo’s dividend growth is based on positive profitability development with the aim to pay-out annually up to 50% of net profit as dividend. The goal is to gradually increase the amount of dividends  while considering financing needs of growth initiatives with strategic priority. The execution of Aspo’s portfolio strategy has meaningfully moved forward in 2024. The acquisition of Swed Handling AB  and ESL Shipping’s decision to invest in four green handy vessels represent the latest major investments.The Board of Directors proposes to the Annual General Meeting of Aspo Plc to be held on April 25  2025  that EUR 0.19 per share be distributed in dividends for the 2024 financial year  and that no dividend is paid for shares held by Aspo Plc. The proposed dividend represents 49% of Aspo’s comparable earnings per share for 2024. It is proposed that the dividend is paid in two instalments.The first instalment of EUR 0.09 per share is proposed to be paid to shareholders registered on the record date of April 29  2025 in the company’s register of shareholders maintained by Euroclear Finland Oy. The Board proposes that the payment date for the first dividend instalment would be May 7  2025. The second instalment of EUR 0.10 per share is proposed to be paid to shareholders registered on the record date of October 30  2025 in the company’s register of shareholders maintained by Euroclear Finland Oy. The Board proposes that the payment date for the second dividend instalment would be November 6  2025.On December 31  2024  the distributable funds of the parent company were EUR 40 996 272.18  with the profit for the financial year totaling to EUR 18 123 440.79. There are a total of 31 417 511 shares entitled to dividends on the publication date of this financial statement release. As a result  the proposed dividend would total EUR 6.0 million.No material changes have taken place in respect of Aspo’s financial position after the balance sheet date. In the opinion of the Board of Directors  the proposed distribution of profits does not risk the solvency of the company.Press and analyst conferenceA press  analyst and investor conference will be held at FLIK’s Eliel studio in Sanomatalo  Töölönlahdenkatu 2  00100 Helsinki on Monday February 17  2025  at 12:00 a.m. The event is also open to private investors  and participants are requested to register beforehand by emailing viestinta@aspo.com.The financial statements release will be presented by CEO Rolf Jansson and CFO Erkka Repo. The presentation material will be available at www.aspo.com/en before the event.The event will be held in English  and it can also be followed by a live webcast at https://aspo.events.inderes.com/q4-2024Questions can be asked after the event by telephone by registering through the following link: https://palvelu.flik.fi/teleconference/?id=50051733. After registering  participants will be given a telephone number and identifier to participate in the telephone conference. The recording of the event will be available on the company’s website later on the same day.*Because the future estimates presented in this financial statements release are based on the current understanding  they involve significant risks and uncertainties  due to which actual future outcomes may differ from the estimates.For more information  please contact:Rolf Jansson  CEO  Aspo Plc  tel. +358 400 600 264  rolf.jansson@aspo.comDistribution:Nasdaq HelsinkiKey mediawww.aspo.comAspo creates value by owning and developing business operations sustainably and in the long term. Our companies aim to be market leaders in their sectors. They are responsible for their own operations  customer relationships and the development of these aiming to be forerunners in sustainability. Aspo supports its businesses profitability and growth with the right capabilities. Aspo Group has businesses in 17 different countries  and it employs approximately 800 professionals.Attachment,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,mixed,0.58,0.17,0.25,True,English,"['Aspo Group financial statements release', 'January', 'December', 'various intensified profit improvement actions', 'Science Based Targets initiative', 'other unforeseen negative events', 'food ingredients distribution business', 'four green handy vessels', 'low spot market pricing', 'overall stable market development', 'Aspo Group financial statements release', 'green coaster vessels', 'profit improvement measures', 'Free cash flow', 'successful strategy execution', 'low contractual volumes', 'steel industry customers', 'positive profitability development', 'two separate companies', 'clear economic recovery', 'EBITA Group total', 'comparable EBITA range', 'food industry', 'supramax vessels', 'profit generation', 'addressable market', 'successful transformation', 'total value', 'financial year', 'Comparable ROE', 'Comparable earnings', 'comparable EBITDA', 'compete report', 'corresponding period', 'Net sales', 'continuing operations', 'ESL Shipping', 'Kartagena UAB', 'Net debt', '12 months ratio', 'minority stake', 'new markets', 'The Board', 'operating environment', 'first half', 'second half', 'higher end', 'lower end', 'significant volumes', 'Acquisition-related expenses', 'lower level', 'good position', 'non-organic growth', 'Aspo Plc', 'Aspo Compounder', 'Aspo Infra', 'Key figures', 'A year', 'three acquisitions', 'January–December', 'February', 'summary', 'brackets', 'October', 'Telko', 'Leipurin', 'share', 'investments', 'place', 'years', 'commitment', 'SBTi', 'subsidiary', 'agreement', 'Lithuania', 'EUR', 'expansion', 'Sweden', 'France', 'Benelux', 'Germany', 'decision', 'vision', 'company', 'dividend', 'Guidance', 'Assumptions', 'businesses', 'strikes', 'demand', 'forest', 'focus', 'Opportunities', 'bakery', '8:00', '2023', '2025']",2025-02-17,2025-02-18,globenewswire.com
48915,Euroclear,Bing API,https://www.finextra.com/pressarticle/104421/euroclear-deploys-bbh-infomediary-data-solutions-for-swift-message-transformation-and-network-connec,Euroclear deploys BBH Infomediary data solutions for Swift message transformation and network connec,Brown Brothers Harriman (BBH)  the asset servicing provider for financial institutions and asset managers  announced today that it has partnered with Euroclear  the Brussels based international central securities depository (ICSD) ,Brown Brothers Harriman (BBH)  the asset servicing provider for financial institutions and asset managers  announced today that it has partnered with Euroclear  the Brussels based international central securities depository (ICSD)  to provide Swift message transformation and network connectivity for its new Bilateral Repo service.0This content is provided by an external author without editing by Finextra. It expresses the views and opinions of the author.To effectively communicate with custodians across inter-dealer markets  Euroclear is deploying BBH Infomediary Data Solutions (IDS)  a set of data management capabilities that help financial institutions overcome their operating model challenges across their network of providers. The platform streamlines data transfers  standardizes information flows across providers  and enables flexible data connectivity. The tool insulates organizations from the distractions of multiple data sources  new data formats  and counterparty changes.“We are delighted to partner with Euroclear on this initiative. A key objective of our strategy for financial institutions is to share our technology to deliver more effective operating models and enable product expansion. We are proud that BBH Infomediary Data Solutions is enabling Euroclear to do just that ” said Sinéad McIntosh  Managing Director for Financial Institutions at BBH.“Euroclear is very pleased to work with BBH on this key market undertaking ” said Olivier Grimonpont  Euroclear’s Global Head of Market Liquidity. “Enabling Repo market participants’ connectivity to multiple custodians is a key attribute of this new service and provides highly sought after depository diversification and resiliency. This launch is a key part of our business strategy focused on developing cutting edge solutions  working with the market to drive efficiencies for clients.”,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,positive,0.78,0.21,0.0,True,English,"['BBH Infomediary data solutions', 'Swift message transformation', 'network connec', 'Euroclear', 'Brussels based international central securities depository', 'new Bilateral Repo service', 'Repo market participants’ connectivity', 'BBH Infomediary Data Solutions', 'cutting edge solutions', 'data management capabilities', 'flexible data connectivity', 'new data formats', 'Brown Brothers Harriman', 'Swift message transformation', 'operating model challenges', 'effective operating models', 'Sinéad McIntosh', 'multiple data sources', 'asset servicing provider', 'key market undertaking', 'new service', 'depository diversification', 'data transfers', 'asset managers', 'network connectivity', 'Market Liquidity', 'key objective', 'key attribute', 'key part', 'financial institutions', 'inter-dealer markets', 'information flows', 'counterparty changes', 'product expansion', 'Managing Director', 'Olivier Grimonpont', 'Global Head', 'multiple custodians', 'external author', 'business strategy', 'BBH.', 'Euroclear', 'ICSD', 'content', 'editing', 'Finextra', 'views', 'opinions', 'IDS', 'providers', 'platform', 'tool', 'organizations', 'distractions', 'initiative', 'technology', 'resiliency', 'launch', 'efficiencies', 'clients']",2025-02-18,2025-02-18,finextra.com
48916,Euroclear,Bing API,https://funds-europe.com/how-to-choose-the-right-private-markets-technology/,How to choose the right private markets technology,The rise of private markets presents significant opportunities for fund managers and fund administrators  but increased demand makes these funds,The rise of private markets presents significant opportunities for fund managers and fund administrators  but increased demand makes these funds more complex to manage. Manual processes and fragmented solutions are no longer sufficient in an environment that demands efficiency  transparency  and scalability.Selecting the right technology can transform how you service and distribute private market funds. Here are five key factors to consider when choosing a platform.1/ End-to-end digitisationPrivate markets operations involve numerous touchpoints  from investor onboarding and KYC/AML checks to subscriptions  capital calls  distributions  and reporting. Managing these manually or across multiple systems can lead to delays and errors  resulting in a poor investor experience.A comprehensive technology solution should offer end-to-end digitisation  covering the entire investment journey in one unified solution. This not only streamlines operations but also enhances accuracy and transparency. When evaluating providers  check that they can digitise key processes and provide a seamless experience for you and your investors.2/ Compliance and securityNavigating the regulatory landscape in private markets can be challenging  and non-compliance carries significant risks. Whether it’s investor onboarding  KYC/AML processes  or data security  your technology should help you stay compliant without adding friction to your workflows.Ensure your technology solution has robust compliance and security features built in. The right platform should simplify compliance  giving you peace of mind and freeing time to focus on strategic decisions.3/ Seamless integration with existing systemsThe best technology will fit into your existing tech stack. If integrating new technology means overhauling your current systems  the transition can be costly  time-consuming  and disruptive.Choose technology that integrates seamlessly with your existing systems  such as fund accounting software  CRM tools  and reporting solutions. An integrated approach ensures data flows smoothly between systems  reducing duplication and errors. This compatibility allows you to enhance your operations without the headache of managing disconnected tools.4/ Distribution and connectivityIn private markets  access to a broad and reliable distribution network is key to growth. Your technology should manage operations efficiently and facilitate connections with distributors  intermediaries  and investors. Look for technology that enables access to wider industry networks.5/ Future-proof technologyPrivate markets are evolving rapidly  with new fund structures  regulatory changes  and investor demands constantly emerging. Your technology should not just meet today’s needs but also be prepared for tomorrow’s challenges.Look for future-proof technology that is adaptable and scalable. Whether you are expanding into new geographies  managing different fund types  or handling a growing investor base  your solution should grow with you. Prioritise solutions that are built with innovation in mind  ensuring they can adapt to the changing private markets landscape.Choosing the right technology mattersThe complexity of private markets requires technology that simplifies  connects  and scales. By focusing on end-to-end digitisation  seamless distribution  compliance  integration  and future-ready solutions  you can position your firm for success.At Goji  we provide a fully digitised  white label investment platform that ticks all these boxes.Our private markets technology simplifies the complexities of the investment journey  equipping asset managers and fund administrators with the tools they need to scale effectively and drive growth. Our advanced platform features configurable forms and tailored KYC processes  ensuring compliance and enhancing the investor experience. With reusable investor information and robust data export capabilities  our clients integrate seamlessly with their existing systems. Our subscription management tools include DocuSign integration and built-in validation  streamlining workflows and reducing errors. Additionally  our comprehensive reporting capabilities allow users to monitor performance and visualise fund metrics.Following our acquisition by Euroclear  we have fortified our capabilities  enhancing Euroclear’s infrastructure with our innovative private market funds technology. Together  we’ve built a global network that connects asset managers and fund administrators with Euroclear’s extensive distribution channels  comprising over 3 000 distributors.Innovation is at the heart of what we do. We are constantly evolving our platform to meet the changing needs of our clients and the market. By prioritising the delivery of exceptional user experiences  we enable asset managers to expand their investor bases and fund administrators to manage compliance effortlessly.Ready to explore how Goji can transform your private markets operations? Get in touch with us today to learn more.,neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,mixed,0.32,0.3,0.38,True,English,"['right private markets technology', 'innovative private market funds technology', 'white label investment platform', 'robust data export capabilities', 'changing private markets landscape', 'wider industry networks', 'exceptional user experiences', 'five key factors', 'entire investment journey', 'fund accounting software', 'different fund types', 'one unified solution', 'existing tech stack', 'growing investor base', 'reusable investor information', 'extensive distribution channels', 'subscription management tools', 'reliable distribution network', 'new fund structures', 'comprehensive reporting capabilities', 'poor investor experience', '5/ Future-proof technology', 'private markets technology', 'right technology matters', 'comprehensive technology solution', 'Private markets operations', 'regulatory landscape', 'data flows', 'key processes', 'global network', 'changing needs', 'new technology', 'fund managers', 'fund administrators', 'seamless experience', 'right platform', 'new geographies', 'fund metrics', 'data security', 'investor onboarding', 'investor demands', 'seamless distribution', 'investor bases', 'robust compliance', 'existing systems', 'best technology', 'significant opportunities', 'Manual processes', 'fragmented solutions', 'numerous touchpoints', 'KYC/AML checks', 'capital calls', 'significant risks', 'KYC/AML processes', 'strategic decisions', 'CRM tools', 'reporting solutions', 'integrated approach', 'disconnected tools', 'regulatory changes', 'Prioritise solutions', 'future-ready solutions', 'asset managers', 'advanced platform', 'configurable forms', 'KYC processes', 'multiple systems', 'current systems', 'end digitisation', 'security features', 'Seamless integration', 'DocuSign integration', 'rise', 'environment', 'efficiency', 'transparency', 'scalability', 'subscriptions', 'distributions', 'delays', 'errors', 'accuracy', 'providers', 'investors', 'friction', 'workflows', 'peace', 'mind', 'time', 'transition', 'duplication', 'compatibility', 'headache', 'connectivity', 'access', 'broad', 'growth', 'connections', 'distributors', 'intermediaries', 'today', 'tomorrow', 'challenges', 'innovation', 'complexity', 'firm', 'success', 'Goji', 'boxes', 'complexities', 'tailored', 'clients', 'validation', 'users', 'performance', 'acquisition', 'Euroclear', 'infrastructure', 'heart', 'delivery']",2025-02-18,2025-02-18,funds-europe.com
48917,Euroclear,Bing API,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/euroclear-launches-us-treasury-dvp-145100405.html,Euroclear Launches US Treasury DvP Repo Service with Matrix Applications,Euroclear Euroclear Launches US Treasury DvP Repo Service New York  NY  Feb. 18  2025 (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) -- Matrix Applications is excited to share Euroclear’s launch of a US Treasury Delivery-vs-Payment (DvP) Repo Service.,EuroclearEuroclear Launches US Treasury DvP Repo ServiceNew York  NY  Feb. 18  2025 (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) -- Matrix Applications is excited to share Euroclear’s launch of a US Treasury Delivery-vs-Payment (DvP) Repo Service.The new solution is designed for US Treasury repo market participants operating in the US settling USD transactions. The first trade was completed on 6 February 2025 between Euroclear Bank and Toronto Dominion Bank London.The service offers cash lenders similar operational efficiency for DvP repo transactions as tri-party repo transactions. It optimizes DvP repo settlement via FedWire Securities Services  and in so doing delivers economic benefits through reduced operational and intra-day liquidity costs. Repo collateral is held in a segregated account with the cash lender’s custodian of choice. Electronic trading workflows on venues are integrated into the new service  making activities such as collateral allocation seamless for cash lenders and their counterparties. Voice only and voice assisted trades are also supported by the solution.This offering is also designed to administer both cleared and non-cleared DvP repo by cash lenders including FICC DvP sponsored repo trades  giving cash lenders a scalable solution to transact in DvP repo. This is particularly important given upcoming legislation including the US Treasury Clearing Mandate which will be introduced in mid 2026. Euroclear plans to roll out the new solution to other markets and currencies.Euroclear has partnered with Matrix Applications using its TradeBlazer technology to support the full suite of collateral management compliance and repo trade life-cycle events within the new solution. These include securities settlements  margining  securities substitutions  and coupon payment management. Euroclear has also deployed BBH Infomediary® Data Solutions from Brown Brothers Harriman for data integration and custodian communications  via SWIFT.“Euroclear is proud to bring this innovative service to the US Treasury Repo market ” said Olivier Grimonpont  Euroclear’s Global Head of Market Liquidity “The service was developed with significant input from market participants and their custodians  and will deliver the improved financial returns and diversification that these market participants seek. This launch plays a key role in our business strategy  delivering leading edge technology to enhance efficiencies for clients through market collaboration.”“We are delighted to partner with Euroclear by supporting the launch of their innovative repo solution. A key objective of our strategy for financial institutions is to share our technology to deliver more effective operating models and enable product expansion. We are proud that BBH Infomediary Data Solutions is enabling Euroclear to do just that ” said Sinéad McIntosh  Managing Director for Financial Institutions servicing at Brown Brothers Harriman.Story Continues,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,mixed,0.6,0.24,0.15,True,English,"['US Treasury DvP Repo Service', 'Matrix Applications', 'Euroclear', 'US Treasury repo market participants', 'US Treasury DvP Repo Service', 'US Treasury Clearing Mandate', 'BBH Infomediary® Data Solutions', 'BBH Infomediary Data Solutions', 'Toronto Dominion Bank London', 'US Treasury Delivery-vs-Payment', 'Electronic trading workflows', 'coupon payment management', 'Brown Brothers Harriman', 'effective operating models', 'Sinéad McIntosh', 'DvP repo settlement', 'tri-party repo transactions', 'DvP repo transactions', 'intra-day liquidity costs', 'trade life-cycle events', 'FedWire Securities Services', 'collateral management compliance', 'DvP) Repo Service', 'similar operational efficiency', 'leading edge technology', 'Financial Institutions servicing', 'innovative repo solution', 'voice assisted trades', 'repo trades', 'Repo collateral', 'data integration', 'Market Liquidity', 'FICC DvP', 'innovative service', 'market collaboration', 'USD transactions', 'first trade', 'new service', 'collateral allocation', 'securities settlements', 'securities substitutions', 'financial returns', 'Euroclear Bank', 'New York', 'GLOBE NEWSWIRE', 'Matrix Applications', 'new solution', 'cash lenders', 'economic benefits', 'segregated account', 'scalable solution', 'upcoming legislation', 'other markets', 'TradeBlazer technology', 'full suite', 'Olivier Grimonpont', 'Global Head', 'significant input', 'key role', 'key objective', 'product expansion', 'Managing Director', 'custodian communications', 'business strategy', 'NY', 'Feb.', 'launch', '6 February', 'reduced', 'choice', 'venues', 'activities', 'counterparties', 'offering', 'cleared', 'mid 2026', 'currencies', 'margining', 'SWIFT', 'custodians', 'diversification', 'efficiencies', 'clients', 'Story']",2025-02-18,2025-02-18,finance.yahoo.com
48918,Euroclear,Bing API,https://www.finanznachrichten.de/nachrichten-2025-02/64581578-vaisala-group-notice-to-the-vaisala-corporation-s-annual-general-meeting-399.htm,Vaisala Group: Notice to the Vaisala Corporation's Annual General Meeting,Vaisala CorporationStock exchange releaseFebruary 18  2025  at 9:30 a.m. (EET) Notice to the Vaisala Corporation's Annual General Meeting Notice is given to the shareholders of Vaisala Corporation,"Vaisala CorporationStock exchange releaseFebruary 18  2025  at 9:30 a.m. (EET)Notice to the Vaisala Corporation's Annual General MeetingNotice is given to the shareholders of Vaisala Corporation of the Annual General Meeting to be held on Tuesday March 25  2025  at 2:00 p.m. (EET) at Vaisala Corporation headquarters  address Vanha Nurmijärventie 21  01670 Vantaa  Finland. The reception of persons who have registered for the meeting will commence at 1:00 p.m. (EET).A. MATTERS ON THE AGENDA OF THE ANNUAL GENERAL MEETING1. Opening of the meeting2. Calling the meeting to order3. Election of the persons to scrutinize the minutes and to supervise the counting of votes4. Recording the legality of the meeting5. Recording the attendance at the meeting and adoption of the list of votes6. Presentation of the Financial Statements  the Report by the Board of Directors  Sustainability Statement  the Auditor's Report and the Assurance Report of sustainability reporting for the year 2024Review by the President and CEOReview by the Auditor and sustainability assurer7. Adoption of the Financial Statements8. Resolution on the use of the profit shown on the balance sheet and the payment of dividendThe Board of Directors proposes to the Annual General Meeting a dividend of EUR 0.85 per share out of distributable earnings of the fiscal year 2024 to be paid. The dividend will be paid to shareholders registered in the Register of Shareholders maintained by Euroclear Finland Ltd. on the record date of the dividend distribution  March 27  2025. The Board of Directors proposes that the dividend will be paid on April 3  2025. Dividend shall not be paid to treasury shares.9. Resolution on the discharge of the members of the Board of Directors and the President and CEO from liability10. Consideration of the Remuneration Report for governing bodiesThe Remuneration Report will be published as a stock exchange release at the latest on March 3  2025  on the company's website at vaisala.com/agm.Antti Jääskeläinen  Chair of People and Sustainability Committee will discuss the Remuneration Report.11. Resolution on the remuneration of the members of the Board of DirectorsOn the recommendation of the Nomination Committee the Board of Directors proposes to the Annual General Meeting that the annual remuneration payable to the Board members elected at the same meeting for a term until the close of the Annual General Meeting in 2026 will be increased as follows: the Chair of the Board of Directors EUR 75 000 (55 000) and each Board member EUR 50 000 (40 000) per annum. Approximately 40% of the remuneration will be paid in Vaisala Corporation's series A shares acquired from the market and the rest in cash. The company will compensate the transaction costs and costs related to the applicable asset transfer tax arising from the share purchases.The Board of Directors proposes to the Annual General Meeting that the attendance fees for a term until the close of the Annual General Meeting in 2026 will be increased so that the fee for the Chair of the Audit Committee would be EUR 2 000 per attended meeting  EUR 1 500 for the Chair of People and Sustainability Committee  the Nomination Committee and any other committee established by the Board of Directors  and EUR 1 200 for each member of a committee for each attended meeting. In addition  members of the Board residing outside of Finland will be paid a meeting fee of EUR 1 000 per physical meeting attended  however  if two or more meetings are held during a day  the maximum fee is EUR 1 000. The attendance fees are paid in cash.Possible travel expenses are proposed to be reimbursed according to the travel policy of the company.12. Resolution on the number of members of the Board of DirectorsIn accordance with the Articles of Association of Vaisala the number of board members would be 6-9.Shareholders representing more than 10% of all the votes in Vaisala have announced by recommendation of the Nomination Committee of their intention to propose to the Annual General Meeting  that the number of Board members be seven (7). The proposal for the number of the Board members is integrally related to the proposal by the same shareholders for the election of the members of the Board of Directors as presented in section 13 below.13. Election of members of the Board of DirectorsWith the exception of Petri Castrén and Jukka Rinnevaara  all other currently serving members of Board are available for re-election.Shareholders representing more than 10% of all the votes in Vaisala have announced by recommendation of the Nomination Committee of their intention to propose to the Annual General Meeting  that Annica Bresky  Antti Jääskeläinen  Lotte Rosenberg  Kaarina Ståhlberg  Tuomas Syrjänen  Raimo Voipio and Ville Voipio be re-elected as members of the Board of Directors. The candidates are proposed to be elected for a term until the close of the Annual General Meeting in 2026. The above-mentioned candidates have given their consent to the election and their personal information is presented on the company's website at vaisala.com/investors.14. Resolution on the remuneration of the AuditorThe Board of Directors proposes to the Annual General Meeting that the Auditor be reimbursed according to the invoice presented to the company.15. Election of AuditorOn the recommendation of the Audit Committee the Board of Directors proposes that PricewaterhouseCoopers Oy  Authorised Public Accountants  be elected as the company's auditor until the close of the Annual General Meeting in 2026. PricewaterhouseCoopers Oy has nominated Ylva Eriksson  APA  as the auditor with principal authority.16. Resolution on remuneration of sustainability reporting assurerOn the recommendation of the Audit Committee the Board of Directors proposes to the Annual General Meeting that the assurer be reimbursed according to the invoice presented to the company.17. Election of sustainability reporting assurerOn the recommendation of the Audit Committee the Board of Directors proposes to the Annual General Meeting that Authorized Sustainability Auditors PricewaterhouseCoopers Oy be elected as the sustainability reporting assurer until the close of the Annual General Meeting in 2026. PricewaterhouseCoopers Oy has nominated Ylva Eriksson  Authorized Sustainability Auditor (KRT)  as the assurer with principal authority.18. Proposal by the Board of Directors for authorizing the Board of Directors to resolve on the directed repurchase of own series A sharesThe Board of Directors proposes that the Annual General Meeting authorize the Board of Directors to resolve on the directed repurchase of a maximum of 800 000 of the company's own series A shares in one or more instalments with funds belonging to the company's unrestricted equity.Shares shall be repurchased in a proportion other than that of the shareholders' current shareholdings in the company in public trading arranged by Nasdaq Helsinki Ltd at the market price on the moment of repurchase (directed repurchase). Shares so purchased can be used as consideration in possible mergers and acquisitions or in other arrangements that are part of the company's business  to finance investments  as part of the company's incentive plans  or be retained  conveyed  or cancelled by the company. The Board of Directors is authorized to resolve on the repurchase of own shares in all other respects.The Board proposes that this authorization is valid until the closing of the next Annual General Meeting  however  no longer than September 25  2026. The authorization replaces the previous authorization for directed repurchase of own series A shares granted by the Annual General Meeting on March 26  2024.19. Proposal by the Board of Directors for authorizing the Board of Directors to resolve on the issuance of the company's own sharesThe Board of Directors proposes that the Annual General Meeting authorize the Board of Directors to resolve on the issuance of the shares  transfer of treasury shares and issuance of special rights entitling to shares as follows:The authorization concerns only series A shares. The Board may issue either new shares or transfer treasury shares held by the company to a maximum of 3 000 000 shares  which represents 9.14% of series A shares in the company and 8.23% of all shares in the company. The authorization can also be used as part of the company's incentive plans for up to 1 000 000 shares  which represents 2.70% of all the shares in the company.The shares can be issued or transferred for consideration or without consideration. Shares or special rights entitling to shares can be issued in deviation from the shareholders' pre-emptive rights by way of a directed issue if there is a weighty financial reason from company's point of view  such as using the shares as a consideration in potential mergers or acquisitions  to finance investments  or as a part of the Company's incentive plans.The subscription price of the shares can instead of cash also be paid in full or in part as contribution in kind. The Board of Directors is authorized to resolve upon all other terms and conditions for the issuance of shares.The Board proposes that this authorization is valid until the closing of the next Annual General Meeting  however  no longer than September 25  2026. The authorization for the company's incentive plans shall however be valid until March 25  2030. The authorization replaces the previous authorization for issuing own shares granted by the Annual General Meeting on March 26  2024.20. Closing of the meetingB. DOCUMENTS OF THE ANNUAL GENERAL MEETINGThe aforementioned proposals of the Board of Directors on the agenda of the Annual General Meeting and this notice are available at Vaisala's website at vaisala.com/agm starting from the publishing of this notice. The company's Financial Statements  the Report by the Board of Directors  Sustainability Statement  the Auditor's Report  and the Assurance Report of sustainability reporting as well as the Remuneration Report will be available on the above-mentioned website by March 3  2025  at the latest. The proposals and other documents referred to above are also on view the General Meeting. The minutes of the Annual General Meeting will be available on website at vaisala.com/agm no later than on April 12  2025.C. INSTRUCTIONS FOR THE PARTICIPANTS IN THE ANNUAL GENERAL MEETING1. Registered shareholderEach shareholder  who is registered on March 13  2025  in the Register of Shareholders maintained by Euroclear Finland Ltd  has the right to participate in the Annual General Meeting. A shareholder  whose shares are registered on their Finnish book-entry account  is registered in the Register of Shareholders of the company.A shareholder  who wants to participate in the General Meeting  shall register for the meeting no later than on March 20  2025  at 4:00 p.m. (EET) by giving prior notice of participation.Such notice can be given:a) On company's website at vaisala.com/agm starting February 18  2025  at 10:00 a.m. (EET)Registering requires strong electronic identification (online banking codes or Mobile ID) for natural persons  and business ID and the shareholder's book-entry account number for legal persons. If the shareholders that are legal persons use the electronic Suomi.fi e-authorization  registration requires a strong electronic authentication of the authorized person  which works with bank IDs or a mobile certificate.b) By e-mail to agm@vaisala.comIn connection with the registration  a shareholder shall provide the information requested such as their name  date of birth/personal identification number or business identification number  address  telephone number and email address as well as the name of any assistant or proxy representative  as well as the date of birth/personal identification number of a proxy representative. The personal data given to Vaisala Oyj will be used only in connection with the General Meeting and with the processing of related registrations.The shareholder  their authorized representative or proxy representative shall  to the extent necessary  be able to prove their identity and/or right of representation at the meeting venue.2. Holders of nominee-registered sharesA holder of nominee-registered shares has the right to participate in the Annual General Meeting by virtue of such shares  based on which they on the record date of the Annual General Meeting March 13  2025  would be entitled to be registered in the shareholders' register of the company held by Euroclear Finland Ltd. The right to participate in the Annual General Meeting requires  in addition  that the shareholder on the basis of such shares has been temporarily registered into the shareholders' register held by Euroclear Finland Ltd no later than on March 20  2025  at 10:00 a.m. (EET). As regards nominee-registered shares this constitutes due registration for the Annual General Meeting. Changes in shareholding after the record date do not affect the right to participate in the meeting or the number of voting rights held in the meeting.A holder of nominee-registered shares is advised to request without delay necessary instructions regarding the temporary registration in the shareholders' register of the company  the issuing of proxydocuments and registration for the Annual General Meeting from their custodian bank. The account management organization of the custodian bank will temporarily register a holder of nominee-registered shares  who wants to participate in the Annual General Meeting  into the shareholders' register of the company at the latest by the time stated above.3. Proxy representative and powers of attorneyA shareholder may participate in the Annual General Meeting and exercise their rights at the General Meeting by proxy. A proxy representative shall produce a dated proxy document or otherwise in a reliable manner demonstrate their right to represent the shareholder. Should a shareholder participate in the General Meeting by means of several proxy representatives representing the shareholder with shares in different book-entry accounts  the shares by which each proxy representative represents the shareholder shall be identified in connection with the registration for the Annual General Meeting.In case shareholder wishes to use proxy representative  proxy documents should be delivered in originals to Vaisala Oyj  AGM  Vanha Nurmijärventie 21  01670 Vantaa  Finland or by email to agm@vaisala.com before the end of the registration time March 20  2025. In addition to providing the proxy documents  shareholders or the proxy representatives of the shareholders are also required to register to the General Meeting in the manner instructed in this notice.Shareholders that are legal persons can also use the electronic Suomi.fi authorization service instead of the traditional proxy in Euroclear Finland's general meeting service. In this case  the shareholder that is legal person authorizes an assignee nominated by it in the Suomi.fi service at website suomi.fi/e-authorizations using the authorization topic ""Representation at the General Meeting"". The assignee must identify themselves with strong electronic authentication in Euroclear Finland's general meeting service when registering  after which the electronic mandate is automatically checked.4. Other instructions and informationThe meeting will be held in Finnish.Pursuant to Chapter 5  Section 25 of the Limited Liability Companies Act  a shareholder who is present at the General Meeting has the right to request information with respect to the matters to be considered at the General Meeting.Changes in shareholding after the record date do not affect the right to participate in the meeting or the number of voting rights held in the meeting.All the attendees are cordially invited to coffee and cake after the General Meeting.On the date of this notice of the Annual General Meeting  February 17  2025  the total number of shares in Vaisala Corporation is 36 436 728 shares  of which 3 626 853 are series K shares and 32 809 875 are series A shares. Total votes attached to all shares is 105 346 935. Vaisala holds a total of 152 149 company's series A shares  which represent 0.46% of series A shares and 0.42% of all shares Each series K share entitles its holder to twenty (20) votes and each A share entitles its holder to one (1) vote. The total number of votes excluding the treasure shares is 105 194 786 of which series K shares represent 72 537 060 votes and series A shares represent 32 657 726 votes.Vantaa  February 17  2025Vaisala CorporationBoard of DirectorsAdditional informationKatriina Vainio  General CounselTel. +358 400 790 212DistributionNasdaq HelsinkiKey mediavaisala.comVaisala is a global leader in measurement instruments and intelligence for climate action. We equip our customers with devices and data to improve resource efficiency  drive energy transition  and care for the safety and well-being of people and societies worldwide. With almost 90 years of innovation and expertise  we employ a team of close to 2 500 experts committed to taking every measure for the planet. Vaisala series A shares are listed on the Nasdaq Helsinki stock exchange. vaisala.com",neutral,0.01,0.98,0.0,neutral,0.01,0.98,0.01,True,English,"['Annual General Meeting', 'Vaisala Group', 'Vaisala Corporation', 'Notice', 'Antti Jääskeläinen', 'applicable asset transfer tax', 'Stock exchange release', 'Vanha Nurmijärventie', 'Petri Castrén', 'Kaarina Ståhlberg', 'Tuomas Syrjänen', 'Possible travel expenses', 'Annual General Meeting', 'Euroclear Finland Ltd', 'series A shares', 'Vaisala Corporation headquarters', 'The Remuneration Report', 'annual remuneration', 'treasury shares', 'travel policy', 'same meeting', 'physical meeting', 'A. MATTERS', 'Financial Statements', 'balance sheet', 'distributable earnings', 'fiscal year', 'record date', 'governing bodies', 'Jukka Rinnevaara', 'Annica Bresky', 'Lotte Rosenberg', 'Raimo Voipio', 'Ville Voipio', 'Nomination Committee', 'Audit Committee', 'meeting fee', 'Assurance Report', 'Sustainability Statement', 'sustainability reporting', 'Sustainability Committee', 'attendance fees', 'maximum fee', 'Tuesday March', 'year 2024 Review', 'transaction costs', 'share purchases', 'other committee', 'dividend distribution', 'same shareholders', 'The Board', 'Board member', '9:30 a', 'members', 'February', 'Notice', 'address', '01670 Vantaa', 'reception', 'persons', 'AGENDA', 'Opening', 'Election', 'minutes', 'counting', 'votes', 'legality', 'adoption', 'list', 'Presentation', 'Directors', 'Auditor', 'President', 'CEO', 'Resolution', 'use', 'profit', 'payment', 'Register', 'April', 'discharge', 'liability', 'Consideration', 'company', 'website', 'agm', 'Chair', 'People', 'recommendation', 'term', 'close', 'annum', 'market', 'rest', 'cash', 'addition', 'two', 'meetings', 'number', 'accordance', 'Articles', 'Association', 'intention', 'proposal', 'section', 'exception', 'candidates', 'conse', '2:00', '1:00', '10.']",2025-02-06,2025-02-18,finanznachrichten.de
48919,Euroclear,Bing API,https://www.finanzen.at/nachrichten/aktien/notice-to-the-vaisala-corporations-annual-general-meeting-1034371897,Notice to the Vaisala Corporation’s Annual General Meeting,Vaisala CorporationStock exchange releaseFebruary 18  2025  at 9:30 a.m. (EET) Notice to the Vaisala Corporation’s Annual General Meeting Notice,"Vaisala CorporationStock exchange releaseFebruary 18  2025  at 9:30 a.m. (EET)Notice to the Vaisala Corporation’s Annual General MeetingNotice is given to the shareholders of Vaisala Corporation of the Annual General Meeting to be held on Tuesday March 25  2025  at 2:00 p.m. (EET) at Vaisala Corporation headquarters  address Vanha Nurmijärventie 21  01670 Vantaa  Finland. The reception of persons who have registered for the meeting will commence at 1:00 p.m. (EET).A. MATTERS ON THE AGENDA OF THE ANNUAL GENERAL MEETING1. Opening of the meeting2. Calling the meeting to order3. Election of the persons to scrutinize the minutes and to supervise the counting of votes4. Recording the legality of the meeting5. Recording the attendance at the meeting and adoption of the list of votes6. Presentation of the Financial Statements  the Report by the Board of Directors  Sustainability Statement  the Auditor's Report and the Assurance Report of sustainability reporting for the year 2024Review by the President and CEOReview by the Auditor and sustainability assurer7. Adoption of the Financial Statements8. Resolution on the use of the profit shown on the balance sheet and the payment of dividendThe Board of Directors proposes to the Annual General Meeting a dividend of EUR 0.85 per share out of distributable earnings of the fiscal year 2024 to be paid. The dividend will be paid to shareholders registered in the Register of Shareholders maintained by Euroclear Finland Ltd. on the record date of the dividend distribution  March 27  2025. The Board of Directors proposes that the dividend will be paid on April 3  2025. Dividend shall not be paid to treasury shares.9. Resolution on the discharge of the members of the Board of Directors and the President and CEO from liability10. Consideration of the Remuneration Report for governing bodiesThe Remuneration Report will be published as a stock exchange release at the latest on March 3  2025  on the company’s website at vaisala.com/agm.Antti Jääskeläinen  Chair of People and Sustainability Committee will discuss the Remuneration Report.11. Resolution on the remuneration of the members of the Board of DirectorsOn the recommendation of the Nomination Committee the Board of Directors proposes to the Annual General Meeting that the annual remuneration payable to the Board members elected at the same meeting for a term until the close of the Annual General Meeting in 2026 will be increased as follows: the Chair of the Board of Directors EUR 75 000 (55 000) and each Board member EUR 50 000 (40 000) per annum. Approximately 40% of the remuneration will be paid in Vaisala Corporation’s series A shares acquired from the market and the rest in cash. The company will compensate the transaction costs and costs related to the applicable asset transfer tax arising from the share purchases.The Board of Directors proposes to the Annual General Meeting that the attendance fees for a term until the close of the Annual General Meeting in 2026 will be increased so that the fee for the Chair of the Audit Committee would be EUR 2 000 per attended meeting  EUR 1 500 for the Chair of People and Sustainability Committee  the Nomination Committee and any other committee established by the Board of Directors  and EUR 1 200 for each member of a committee for each attended meeting. In addition  members of the Board residing outside of Finland will be paid a meeting fee of EUR 1 000 per physical meeting attended  however  if two or more meetings are held during a day  the maximum fee is EUR 1 000. The attendance fees are paid in cash.Possible travel expenses are proposed to be reimbursed according to the travel policy of the company.12. Resolution on the number of members of the Board of DirectorsIn accordance with the Articles of Association of Vaisala the number of board members would be 6–9.Shareholders representing more than 10% of all the votes in Vaisala have announced by recommendation of the Nomination Committee of their intention to propose to the Annual General Meeting  that the number of Board members be seven (7). The proposal for the number of the Board members is integrally related to the proposal by the same shareholders for the election of the members of the Board of Directors as presented in section 13 below.13. Election of members of the Board of DirectorsWith the exception of Petri Castrén and Jukka Rinnevaara  all other currently serving members of Board are available for re-election.Shareholders representing more than 10% of all the votes in Vaisala have announced by recommendation of the Nomination Committee of their intention to propose to the Annual General Meeting  that Annica Bresky  Antti Jääskeläinen  Lotte Rosenberg  Kaarina Ståhlberg  Tuomas Syrjänen  Raimo Voipio and Ville Voipio be re-elected as members of the Board of Directors. The candidates are proposed to be elected for a term until the close of the Annual General Meeting in 2026. The above-mentioned candidates have given their consent to the election and their personal information is presented on the company’s website at vaisala.com/investors.14. Resolution on the remuneration of the AuditorThe Board of Directors proposes to the Annual General Meeting that the Auditor be reimbursed according to the invoice presented to the company.15. Election of AuditorOn the recommendation of the Audit Committee the Board of Directors proposes that PricewaterhouseCoopers Oy  Authorised Public Accountants  be elected as the company’s auditor until the close of the Annual General Meeting in 2026. PricewaterhouseCoopers Oy has nominated Ylva Eriksson  APA  as the auditor with principal authority.16. Resolution on remuneration of sustainability reporting assurerOn the recommendation of the Audit Committee the Board of Directors proposes to the Annual General Meeting that the assurer be reimbursed according to the invoice presented to the company.17. Election of sustainability reporting assurerOn the recommendation of the Audit Committee the Board of Directors proposes to the Annual General Meeting that Authorized Sustainability Auditors PricewaterhouseCoopers Oy be elected as the sustainability reporting assurer until the close of the Annual General Meeting in 2026. PricewaterhouseCoopers Oy has nominated Ylva Eriksson  Authorized Sustainability Auditor (KRT)  as the assurer with principal authority.18. Proposal by the Board of Directors for authorizing the Board of Directors to resolve on the directed repurchase of own series A sharesThe Board of Directors proposes that the Annual General Meeting authorize the Board of Directors to resolve on the directed repurchase of a maximum of 800 000 of the company's own series A shares in one or more instalments with funds belonging to the company's unrestricted equity.Shares shall be repurchased in a proportion other than that of the shareholders' current shareholdings in the company in public trading arranged by Nasdaq Helsinki Ltd at the market price on the moment of repurchase (directed repurchase). Shares so purchased can be used as consideration in possible mergers and acquisitions or in other arrangements that are part of the company's business  to finance investments  as part of the company's incentive plans  or be retained  conveyed  or cancelled by the company. The Board of Directors is authorized to resolve on the repurchase of own shares in all other respects.The Board proposes that this authorization is valid until the closing of the next Annual General Meeting  however  no longer than September 25  2026. The authorization replaces the previous authorization for directed repurchase of own series A shares granted by the Annual General Meeting on March 26  2024.19. Proposal by the Board of Directors for authorizing the Board of Directors to resolve on the issuance of the company's own sharesThe Board of Directors proposes that the Annual General Meeting authorize the Board of Directors to resolve on the issuance of the shares  transfer of treasury shares and issuance of special rights entitling to shares as follows:The authorization concerns only series A shares. The Board may issue either new shares or transfer treasury shares held by the company to a maximum of 3 000 000 shares  which represents 9.14% of series A shares in the company and 8.23% of all shares in the company. The authorization can also be used as part of the company’s incentive plans for up to 1 000 000 shares  which represents 2.70% of all the shares in the company.The shares can be issued or transferred for consideration or without consideration. Shares or special rights entitling to shares can be issued in deviation from the shareholders’ pre-emptive rights by way of a directed issue if there is a weighty financial reason from company’s point of view  such as using the shares as a consideration in potential mergers or acquisitions  to finance investments  or as a part of the Company’s incentive plans.The subscription price of the shares can instead of cash also be paid in full or in part as contribution in kind. The Board of Directors is authorized to resolve upon all other terms and conditions for the issuance of shares.The Board proposes that this authorization is valid until the closing of the next Annual General Meeting  however  no longer than September 25  2026. The authorization for the company's incentive plans shall however be valid until March 25  2030. The authorization replaces the previous authorization for issuing own shares granted by the Annual General Meeting on March 26  2024.20. Closing of the meetingB. DOCUMENTS OF THE ANNUAL GENERAL MEETINGThe aforementioned proposals of the Board of Directors on the agenda of the Annual General Meeting and this notice are available at Vaisala’s website at vaisala.com/agm starting from the publishing of this notice. The company's Financial Statements  the Report by the Board of Directors  Sustainability Statement  the Auditor's Report  and the Assurance Report of sustainability reporting as well as the Remuneration Report will be available on the above-mentioned website by March 3  2025  at the latest. The proposals and other documents referred to above are also on view the General Meeting. The minutes of the Annual General Meeting will be available on website at vaisala.com/agm no later than on April 12  2025.C. INSTRUCTIONS FOR THE PARTICIPANTS IN THE ANNUAL GENERAL MEETING1. Registered shareholderEach shareholder  who is registered on March 13  2025  in the Register of Shareholders maintained by Euroclear Finland Ltd  has the right to participate in the Annual General Meeting. A shareholder  whose shares are registered on their Finnish book-entry account  is registered in the Register of Shareholders of the company.A shareholder  who wants to participate in the General Meeting  shall register for the meeting no later than on March 20  2025  at 4:00 p.m. (EET) by giving prior notice of participation.Such notice can be given:a) On company’s website at vaisala.com/agm starting February 18  2025  at 10:00 a.m. (EET)Registering requires strong electronic identification (online banking codes or Mobile ID) for natural persons  and business ID and the shareholder’s book-entry account number for legal persons. If the shareholders that are legal persons use the electronic Suomi.fi e-authorization  registration requires a strong electronic authentication of the authorized person  which works with bank IDs or a mobile certificate.b) By e-mail to agm@vaisala.comIn connection with the registration  a shareholder shall provide the information requested such as their name  date of birth/personal identification number or business identification number  address  telephone number and email address as well as the name of any assistant or proxy representative  as well as the date of birth/personal identification number of a proxy representative. The personal data given to Vaisala Oyj will be used only in connection with the General Meeting and with the processing of related registrations.The shareholder  their authorized representative or proxy representative shall  to the extent necessary  be able to prove their identity and/or right of representation at the meeting venue.2. Holders of nominee-registered sharesA holder of nominee-registered shares has the right to participate in the Annual General Meeting by virtue of such shares  based on which they on the record date of the Annual General Meeting March 13  2025  would be entitled to be registered in the shareholders’ register of the company held by Euroclear Finland Ltd. The right to participate in the Annual General Meeting requires  in addition  that the shareholder on the basis of such shares has been temporarily registered into the shareholders’ register held by Euroclear Finland Ltd no later than on March 20  2025  at 10:00 a.m. (EET). As regards nominee-registered shares this constitutes due registration for the Annual General Meeting. Changes in shareholding after the record date do not affect the right to participate in the meeting or the number of voting rights held in the meeting.A holder of nominee-registered shares is advised to request without delay necessary instructions regarding the temporary registration in the shareholders’ register of the company  the issuing of proxydocuments and registration for the Annual General Meeting from their custodian bank. The account management organization of the custodian bank will temporarily register a holder of nominee-registered shares  who wants to participate in the Annual General Meeting  into the shareholders’ register of the company at the latest by the time stated above.3. Proxy representative and powers of attorneyA shareholder may participate in the Annual General Meeting and exercise their rights at the General Meeting by proxy. A proxy representative shall produce a dated proxy document or otherwise in a reliable manner demonstrate their right to represent the shareholder. Should a shareholder participate in the General Meeting by means of several proxy representatives representing the shareholder with shares in different book-entry accounts  the shares by which each proxy representative represents the shareholder shall be identified in connection with the registration for the Annual General Meeting.In case shareholder wishes to use proxy representative  proxy documents should be delivered in originals to Vaisala Oyj  AGM  Vanha Nurmijärventie 21  01670 Vantaa  Finland or by email to agm@vaisala.com before the end of the registration time March 20  2025. In addition to providing the proxy documents  shareholders or the proxy representatives of the shareholders are also required to register to the General Meeting in the manner instructed in this notice.Shareholders that are legal persons can also use the electronic Suomi.fi authorization service instead of the traditional proxy in Euroclear Finland’s general meeting service. In this case  the shareholder that is legal person authorizes an assignee nominated by it in the Suomi.fi service at website suomi.fi/e-authorizations using the authorization topic ""Representation at the General Meeting”. The assignee must identify themselves with strong electronic authentication in Euroclear Finland's general meeting service when registering  after which the electronic mandate is automatically checked.4. Other instructions and informationThe meeting will be held in Finnish.Pursuant to Chapter 5  Section 25 of the Limited Liability Companies Act  a shareholder who is present at the General Meeting has the right to request information with respect to the matters to be considered at the General Meeting.Changes in shareholding after the record date do not affect the right to participate in the meeting or the number of voting rights held in the meeting.All the attendees are cordially invited to coffee and cake after the General Meeting.On the date of this notice of the Annual General Meeting  February 17  2025  the total number of shares in Vaisala Corporation is 36 436 728 shares  of which 3 626 853 are series K shares and 32 809 875 are series A shares. Total votes attached to all shares is 105 346 935. Vaisala holds a total of 152 149 company’s series A shares  which represent 0.46% of series A shares and 0.42% of all shares Each series K share entitles its holder to twenty (20) votes and each A share entitles its holder to one (1) vote. The total number of votes excluding the treasure shares is 105 194 786 of which series K shares represent 72 537 060 votes and series A shares represent 32 657 726 votes.Vantaa  February 17  2025Vaisala CorporationBoard of DirectorsAdditional informationKatriina Vainio  General CounselTel. +358 400 790 212DistributionNasdaq HelsinkiKey mediavaisala.comVaisala is a global leader in measurement instruments and intelligence for climate action. We equip our customers with devices and data to improve resource efficiency  drive energy transition  and care for the safety and well-being of people and societies worldwide. With almost 90 years of innovation and expertise  we employ a team of close to 2 500 experts committed to taking every measure for the planet. Vaisala series A shares are listed on the Nasdaq Helsinki stock exchange. vaisala.com",neutral,0.0,0.99,0.0,neutral,0.01,0.98,0.01,True,English,"['Annual General Meeting', 'Vaisala Corporation', 'Notice', 'Antti Jääskeläinen', 'applicable asset transfer tax', 'Stock exchange release', 'Vanha Nurmijärventie', 'Petri Castrén', 'Kaarina Ståhlberg', 'Tuomas Syrjänen', 'Possible travel expenses', 'Annual General Meeting', 'Euroclear Finland Ltd', 'series A shares', 'Vaisala Corporation headquarters', 'The Remuneration Report', 'annual remuneration', 'treasury shares', 'travel policy', 'same meeting', 'physical meeting', 'A. MATTERS', 'Financial Statements', 'balance sheet', 'distributable earnings', 'fiscal year', 'record date', 'governing bodies', 'Jukka Rinnevaara', 'Annica Bresky', 'Lotte Rosenberg', 'Raimo Voipio', 'Ville Voipio', 'Nomination Committee', 'Audit Committee', 'meeting fee', 'Assurance Report', 'Sustainability Statement', 'sustainability reporting', 'Sustainability Committee', 'attendance fees', 'maximum fee', 'Tuesday March', 'year 2024 Review', 'transaction costs', 'share purchases', 'other committee', 'dividend distribution', 'same shareholders', 'The Board', 'Board member', '9:30 a', 'members', 'February', 'Notice', 'address', '01670 Vantaa', 'reception', 'persons', 'AGENDA', 'Opening', 'Election', 'minutes', 'counting', 'votes', 'legality', 'adoption', 'list', 'Presentation', 'Directors', 'Auditor', 'President', 'CEO', 'Resolution', 'use', 'profit', 'payment', 'Register', 'April', 'discharge', 'liability', 'Consideration', 'company', 'website', 'agm', 'Chair', 'People', 'recommendation', 'term', 'close', 'annum', 'market', 'rest', 'cash', 'addition', 'two', 'meetings', 'number', 'accordance', 'Articles', 'Association', 'intention', 'proposal', 'section', 'exception', 'candidates', 'conse', '2:00', '1:00', '9.', '10.']",2025-02-18,2025-02-18,finanzen.at
48920,Euroclear,Bing API,https://www.finanznachrichten.de/nachrichten-2025-02/64580910-systemair-ab-systemair-nomination-committee-008.htm,Systemair AB: Systemair nomination committee,Shareholders who wish to contact the Nomination Committee are invited to send an e-mail to Anders Ulff  CFO  Systemair AB  anders.ulff@systemair.com. The annual meeting will be held on 28 August 2025  at 15.00 (CET) in Skinnskatteberg  Sweden.,PRESS RELEASE  FEBRUARY 18  2025SKINNSKATTEBERG  Sweden  Feb. 18  2025 /PRNewswire/ -- At the annual general meeting on 29 August 2024  it was resolved that the nomination committee shall consist of representatives of three of the largest shareholders or owner groups in terms of votes  according to Euroclear Sweden AB's printout of the share register as of 31 January 2025.It is hereby announced that after consultation between the company's three largest shareholders  ebm-papst AB has chosen to relinquish their seat on the nomination committee. The fourth largest shareholder Swedbank Robur Fonder has therefore been contacted. The nomination committee has been appointed to consist of the following persons:Magnus Tell (Chairman of the nomination committee)  AlectaGerald Engström  Färna Invest ABLennart Francke  Swedbank Robur FonderShareholders who wish to contact the Nomination Committee are invited to send an e-mail to Anders Ulff  CFO  Systemair AB  anders.ulff@systemair.com.The annual meeting will be held on 28 August 2025  at 15.00 (CET) in Skinnskatteberg  Sweden.For further informaiton contact:Anders Ulff  CFO  +46 70 577 40 09Systemair AB  739 30 Skinnskatteberg  +46 222 440 00  www.systemair.comSystemair in briefSystemair is a leading ventilation company operating in 51 countries in Europe  North America  the Middle East  Asia  Australia and Africa. The company had a turnover of SEK 12.3 billion in the 2023/24 financial year and employs approximately 6 700 employees today. Systemair has reported an operating profit yearly since 1974 when the company was founded. Over the past 10 years  growth has averaged 9 percent. Systemair helps to improve the indoor climate with the help of energy-efficient and sustainable products that reduce carbon dioxide emissions.Systemair has a well-established business in growth markets. Systemair shares have been quoted on the Nasdaq OMX Nordic Exchange in Stockholm since October 2007 and are today traded on the Large Cap List. The Group comprises about 90 companies.This information was brought to you by Cision http://news.cision.comhttps://news.cision.com/systemair-ab/r/systemair-nomination-committee c4107056The following files are available for download:https://mb.cision.com/Main/22134/4107056/3269990.pdf Pressrelease_Systemair_NominationCommittee_2025View original content:https://www.prnewswire.co.uk/news-releases/systemair-nomination-committee-302378658.html,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,neutral,0.02,0.98,0.0,True,English,"['Systemair nomination committee', 'Systemair AB', 'Nasdaq OMX Nordic Exchange', 'Färna Invest AB', 'Swedbank Robur Fonder', 'Gerald Engström', '2023/24 financial year', 'carbon dioxide emissions', 'Large Cap List', 'fourth largest shareholder', 'annual general meeting', 'three largest shareholders', 'leading ventilation company', 'Euroclear Sweden AB', 'annual meeting', 'ebm-papst AB', 'PRESS RELEASE', 'nomination committee', 'owner groups', 'share register', 'following persons', 'Magnus Tell', 'Lennart Francke', 'informaiton contact', 'North America', 'Middle East', 'operating profit', 'past 10 years', 'indoor climate', 'sustainable products', 'The Group', 'following files', 'original content', 'Systemair AB', 'Anders Ulff', 'growth markets', 'Systemair shares', 'news.cision', 'FEBRUARY', 'SKINNSKATTEBERG', 'Feb.', '29 August', 'representatives', 'terms', 'votes', 'printout', '31 January', 'consultation', 'seat', 'Chairman', 'Alecta', 'mail', 'CFO', '28 August', 'CET', 'brief', '51 countries', 'Europe', 'Asia', 'Australia', 'Africa', 'turnover', 'SEK', '6,700 employees', '9 percent', 'help', 'energy-efficient', 'business', 'Stockholm', 'October', '90 companies', 'information', 'systemair-nomination-committee', 'download', 'Main', 'Pressrelease_Systemair_NominationCommittee', 'prnewswire', 'news-releases']",2025-02-06,2025-02-18,finanznachrichten.de
48921,Euroclear,Bing API,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/systemair-nomination-committee-061800917.html,Systemair nomination committee,At the annual general meeting on 29 August 2024  it was resolved that the nomination committee shall consist of representatives of three of the largest shareholders or owner groups in terms of votes ,PRESS RELEASE  FEBRUARY 18  2025SKINNSKATTEBERG  Sweden  Feb. 18  2025 /PRNewswire/ -- At the annual general meeting on 29 August 2024  it was resolved that the nomination committee shall consist of representatives of three of the largest shareholders or owner groups in terms of votes  according to Euroclear Sweden AB's printout of the share register as of 31 January 2025.It is hereby announced that after consultation between the company's three largest shareholders  ebm-papst AB has chosen to relinquish their seat on the nomination committee. The fourth largest shareholder Swedbank Robur Fonder has therefore been contacted. The nomination committee has been appointed to consist of the following persons:Magnus Tell (Chairman of the nomination committee)  AlectaGerald Engström  Färna Invest ABLennart Francke  Swedbank Robur FonderShareholders who wish to contact the Nomination Committee are invited to send an e-mail to Anders Ulff  CFO  Systemair AB  anders.ulff@systemair.com.The annual meeting will be held on 28 August 2025  at 15.00 (CET) in Skinnskatteberg  Sweden.For further informaiton contact:Anders Ulff  CFO  +46 70 577 40 09Systemair AB  739 30 Skinnskatteberg  +46 222 440 00  www.systemair.comSystemair in briefSystemair is a leading ventilation company operating in 51 countries in Europe  North America  the Middle East  Asia  Australia and Africa. The company had a turnover of SEK 12.3 billion in the 2023/24 financial year and employs approximately 6 700 employees today. Systemair has reported an operating profit yearly since 1974 when the company was founded. Over the past 10 years  growth has averaged 9 percent. Systemair helps to improve the indoor climate with the help of energy-efficient and sustainable products that reduce carbon dioxide emissions.Systemair has a well-established business in growth markets. Systemair shares have been quoted on the Nasdaq OMX Nordic Exchange in Stockholm since October 2007 and are today traded on the Large Cap List. The Group comprises about 90 companies.This information was brought to you by Cision http://news.cision.comhttps://news.cision.com/systemair-ab/r/systemair-nomination-committee c4107056The following files are available for download:CisionView original content:https://www.prnewswire.co.uk/news-releases/systemair-nomination-committee-302378658.html,neutral,0.04,0.96,0.0,neutral,0.03,0.96,0.01,True,English,"['Systemair nomination committee', 'Nasdaq OMX Nordic Exchange', 'Färna Invest AB', 'Swedbank Robur Fonder', 'Gerald Engström', '2023/24 financial year', 'carbon dioxide emissions', 'Large Cap List', 'fourth largest shareholder', 'annual general meeting', 'three largest shareholders', 'leading ventilation company', 'Euroclear Sweden AB', 'annual meeting', 'ebm-papst AB', 'PRESS RELEASE', 'nomination committee', 'owner groups', 'share register', 'following persons', 'Magnus Tell', 'Lennart Francke', 'informaiton contact', 'North America', 'Middle East', 'operating profit', 'past 10 years', 'indoor climate', 'sustainable products', 'The Group', 'following files', 'original content', 'Systemair AB', 'Anders Ulff', 'growth markets', 'Systemair shares', 'news.cision', 'FEBRUARY', 'SKINNSKATTEBERG', 'Feb.', '29 August', 'representatives', 'terms', 'votes', 'printout', '31 January', 'consultation', 'seat', 'Chairman', 'Alecta', 'mail', 'CFO', '28 August', 'CET', 'brief', '51 countries', 'Europe', 'Asia', 'Australia', 'Africa', 'turnover', 'SEK', '6,700 employees', '9 percent', 'help', 'energy-efficient', 'business', 'Stockholm', 'October', '90 companies', 'information', 'systemair-nomination-committee', 'download', 'prnewswire', 'news-releases']",2025-02-18,2025-02-18,finance.yahoo.com
48922,Deutsche Boerse,Bing API,https://markets.businessinsider.com/news/stocks/eqs-news-mpc-capital-completes-eur-70-million-fundraising-for-its-offshore-service-vessel-platform-with-eurazeo-as-lead-investor-1034371841,EQS-News: MPC Capital completes EUR 70 million fundraising for its Offshore Service Vessel platform with Eurazeo as lead investor,EQS-News: MPC Münchmeyer Petersen Capital AG    / Key word (s): Miscellaneous MPC Capital completes EUR 70 million fundraising for its Offshore Service Vessel platform with Eurazeo as lead investor 18.02.2025 / 08:00 CET/CEST The issuer is solely responsible for the content of this announcement.,EQS-News: MPC Münchmeyer Petersen Capital AG / Key word(s): MiscellaneousMPC Capital completes EUR 70 million fundraising for its Offshore Service Vessel platform with Eurazeo as lead investor18.02.2025 / 08:00 CET/CESTThe issuer is solely responsible for the content of this announcement.Press Release MPC Capital completes EUR 70 million fundraising for its Offshore Service Vessel platform with Eurazeo as lead investor Equity fundraising is led by the European investment group Eurazeo and a European family office.Demand for offshore service vessels is expected to increase significantly  driven by the rapid expansion of the offshore renewable energy sector. Hamburg/Paris  18 February 2025 – The investment and asset manager MPC Capital (Deutsche Börse  ISIN DE000A1TNWJ4) announces that Eurazeo and a large European family office are investing in MPC Capital’s recently launched platform for Offshore Service Vessels. The platform was initiated by a joint venture of MPC Capital and O.S. Energy (“MPC OSE Offshore”) to develop  build and manage service vessels which are specifically designed to operate in offshore wind farms. Eurazeo’s equity investment is made by Eurazeo Transition Infrastructure Fund (“ETIF”)  a SFDR Article 9 fund with a sustainable investment strategy focusing on the transition of essential infrastructure to a low-carbon economy. This represents the seventh investment of ETIF allowing it to participate in the development and growth of the European offshore wind sector. This operation benefits from support from the European Union under the InvestEU Fund. Constantin Baack  CEO of MPC Capital AG said: “We are very pleased to work together with top-tier investors which have a dedicated focus on infrastructure investments related to the energy transition. It is a perfect fit  as we can offer a unique investment platform in a structural growth market. We look forward to making our investment platform a great success and jointly servicing the quickly evolving offshore renewable energy industry in the coming years.” Martin Sichelkow  Partner and Co-Head Infrastructure at Eurazeo added: “We are delighted to invest in MPC OSE Offshore  a company set to play a key role in servicing and supporting the European offshore renewable energy industry. The quality of the partners and the growth prospects of the market make the company a key component of the development of the offshore wind industry in Europe  facilitating the transition to a low-carbon economy.”About MPC Capital AG (www.mpc-capital.com) MPC Capital is a global investment and asset manager for infrastructure projects. In the areas of maritime and energy infrastructure  MPC Capital initiates tailor-made investment solutions and offers a broad range of asset management services. With 280 employees  the MPC Capital Group manages assets under management (AuM) of EUR 4.8 billion. As a responsible company that has been listed on the stock exchange since 2000  MPC Capital actively contributes to financing the investment needs to achieve global climate goals. Media contact MPC Capital AGStefan ZenkerHead of Investor Relations & Public RelationsPhone +49 40 38022 4347Email s.zenker@mpc-capital.com About Eurazeo Eurazeo is a leading European investment group with €35.5 billion in diversified assets under management  including €25.2 billion on behalf of institutional and retail clients through its private equity  private debt  real estate and infrastructure strategies. The Group supports more than 600 mid-market companies  leveraging the commitment of its 400-strong workforce  its in-depth sector expertise  its privileged access to global markets through 13 offices across Europe  Asia and the United States  and its responsible approach to value creation based on growth. The company's institutional and family shareholding structure  and its solid financial structure  ensure its long-term viability.Eurazeo has offices in Paris  New York  London  Frankfurt  Berlin  Milan  Madrid  Luxembourg  Shanghai  Seoul  Singapore  Tokyo and São Paulo.Eurazeo is listed on Euronext Paris.ISIN: FR000121121 - Bloomberg: RF FP - Reuters: EURA.PA. Eurazeo contactCoralie SavinGROUP CHIEF COMMUNICATIONS OFFICERcsavin@eurazeo.com+33 (0)6 86 89 57 48Pierre BernardinMANAGING DIRECTOR – HEAD OF INVESTOR RELATIONSir@eurazeo.com+33 (0)1 44 15 01 11Eurazeo press contactMael Evin (France)HAVASmael.evin@havas.com+33 (0)6 44 12 14 91David Sturken (UK)H/Advisors Maitlanddavid.sturken@h-advisors.global+44 (0) 7990 595 913This release contains forward-looking statements that are subject to certain risks and uncertainties. Future results may differ materially from those currently anticipated due to various risk factors and uncertainties  such as changes in business  economic and competitive conditions  exchange rate fluctuations  uncertainties regarding litigation or investigations  and the availability of financing. MPC Capital AG assumes no responsibility to update the forward-looking statements contained in this release.18.02.2025 CET/CEST Dissemination of a Corporate News  transmitted by EQS News - a service of EQS Group.The issuer is solely responsible for the content of this announcement.The EQS Distribution Services include Regulatory Announcements  Financial/Corporate News and Press Releases.Archive at www.eqs-news.com,neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,positive,0.83,0.15,0.01,True,English,"['Offshore Service Vessel platform', 'MPC Capital', '70 million fundraising', 'lead investor', 'EQS-News', 'EUR', 'MPC Münchmeyer Petersen Capital AG', 'evolving offshore renewable energy industry', 'European offshore renewable energy industry', 'CHIEF COMMUNICATIONS OFFICER csavin', 'offshore renewable energy sector', 'large European family office', 'European offshore wind sector', 'H/Advisors Maitland david.sturken', 'Offshore Service Vessel platform', 'leading European investment group', 'lead investor Equity fundraising', 'offshore wind industry', 'offshore wind farms', 'depth sector expertise', 'offshore service vessels', 'O.S. Energy', 'EUR 70 million fundraising', 'family shareholding structure', 'MPC OSE Offshore', 'Deutsche Börse', 'SFDR Article 9 fund', 'solid financial structure', 'São Paulo', 'Coralie Savin GROUP', 'various risk factors', 'Eurazeo Transition Infrastructure Fund', 'MPC Capital AG', 'exchange rate fluctuations', 'sustainable investment strategy', 'tailor-made investment solutions', 'global climate goals', 'MPC Capital Group', 'unique investment platform', 'asset management services', 'structural growth market', 'Eurazeo press contact', 'David Sturken', 'energy infrastructure', 'European Union', 'energy transition', 'equity investment', 'InvestEU Fund', 'The Group', 'global investment', 'private equity', 'stock exchange', 'Investor Relations', 'seventh investment', 'investment needs', 'asset manager', 'Media contact', 'global markets', 'essential infrastructure', 'infrastructure investments', 'Co-Head Infrastructure', 'infrastructure projects', 'infrastructure strategies', 'Key word', 'rapid expansion', 'joint venture', 'low-carbon economy', 'Constantin Baack', 'top-tier investors', 'dedicated focus', 'perfect fit', 'great success', 'coming years', 'Martin Sichelkow', 'key role', 'key component', 'broad range', 'Public Relations', 'retail clients', 'private debt', 'real estate', '600 mid-market companies', '400-strong workforce', 'privileged access', 'United States', 'responsible approach', 'value creation', 'long-term viability', 'New York', 'RF FP', 'Pierre Bernardin', 'MANAGING DIRECTOR', 'forward-looking statements', 'Future results', 'competitive conditions', 'Eurazeo contact', 'Press Release', 'growth prospects', 'ISIN DE000A1TNWJ', 'Stefan Zenker', 'diversified assets', 'Mael Evin', 'HAVAS mael', 'Euronext Paris', 'responsible company', 'Eurazeo Eurazeo', 'EQS-News', 'Miscellaneous', '00 CET', 'CEST', 'issuer', 'content', 'announcement', 'Demand', 'ETIF', 'development', 'operation', 'support', 'CEO', 'Partner', 'servicing', 'quality', 'areas', 'maritime', '280 employees', 'AuM', 'Phone', 'Email', 'behalf', 'institutional', 'commitment', '13 offices', 'Asia', 'London', 'Frankfurt', 'Berlin', 'Milan', 'Madrid', 'Luxembourg', 'Shanghai', 'Seoul', 'Singapore', 'Tokyo', 'Bloomberg', 'Reuters', 'France', 'UK', 'risks', 'uncertainties', 'changes', 'economic', 'litigation', 'investigations', 'availability', 'financing', 'responsibility', '08', '44']",2025-02-18,2025-02-18,markets.businessinsider.com
48923,Deutsche Boerse,Bing API,https://seekingalpha.com/article/4759073-deutsche-borse-2024-earnings-review,Deutsche Börse: 2024 Earnings Review,Deutsche Börse grows 15% YoY with strong revenues  aiming for €6B by 2025. Learn more about DBOEF stock's strategy  dividend policy  and valuation outlook.,Deutsche Börse grows 15% YoY with strong revenues  aiming for €6B by 2025. Learn more about DBOEF stock's strategy  dividend policy  and valuation outlook.,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,neutral,0.06,0.94,0.0,True,English,"['Deutsche Börse', '2024 Earnings Review', 'Deutsche Börse', 'strong revenues', 'DBOEF stock', 'dividend policy', 'valuation outlook', 'strategy']",2025-02-18,2025-02-18,seekingalpha.com
48924,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://thefly.com/permalinks/entry.php/id4072093/EUXTF-Euronext-price-target-raised-by-EUR--at-Morgan-Stanley,Euronext price target raised by EUR 10.80 at Morgan Stanley EUXTF,See the rest of the story here.thefly.com provides the latest financial news as it breaks. Known as a leader in market intelligence  The Fly's real-time  streaming news feed keeps individual investors  professional money managers  active traders  and corpor…,MonLGMK X LGMK LogicMarkSecondaryManagers: Roth MKMPriced at: $0.5924.4M SharesSpecial CommentsExclusive Analysis Locked Proprietary deal commentary available to members only. Sign up or login for access.Create FREE Account Proprietary deal commentary available to members only. Sign up or login for access. Managers:$0.5924.4M Shares OCS X OCS OculisSecondaryManagers: BofA & Leerink  PRTOPriced at: $20 005M SharesManagers:$20 005M Shares PTPI X PTPI Petros PharmaceuticalsSecondaryManagers: Dawson JamesPriced at: $0.2932.3M SharesSpecial CommentsExclusive Analysis Locked Proprietary deal commentary available to members only. Sign up or login for access.Create FREE Account Proprietary deal commentary available to members only. Sign up or login for access. Managers:$0.2932.3M Shares RCUS X RCUS Arcus BiosciencesSecondaryManagers: Goldman Sachs  Leerink & Evercore ISIPriced at: $11.0013.6M SharesManagers:$11.0013.6M Shares RSLS X RSLS ReShape LifesciencesSecondaryManagers: MaximPriced at: $2.332.6M SharesManagers:$2.332.6M Shares SLDB X SLDB Solid BiosciencesSpot SecondaryManagers: Jefferies  Leerink & William BlairPriced at: $4.0335.74M SharesSpecial CommentsExclusive Analysis Locked Proprietary deal commentary available to members only. Sign up or login for access.Create FREE Account Proprietary deal commentary available to members only. Sign up or login for access. Managers:$4.0335.74M Shares,neutral,0.0,0.97,0.02,negative,0.0,0.43,0.57,True,English,"['Euronext price target', 'Morgan Stanley EUXTF', 'SLDB X SLDB Solid Biosciences Spot Secondary Managers', 'Exclusive Analysis Locked Proprietary deal commentary', 'RCUS X RCUS Arcus Biosciences', 'FREE Account Proprietary deal commentary', 'Mon LGMK X LGMK LogicMark', 'PTPI X PTPI Petros Pharmaceuticals', 'RSLS X RSLS ReShape Lifesciences', 'OCS X OCS Oculis', '5M Shares Managers', '13.6M Shares Managers', '2.6M Shares Managers', '24.4M Shares', '32.3M Shares', '35.74M Shares', 'Roth MKM', 'Special Comments', 'Dawson James', 'Goldman Sachs', 'Evercore ISI', 'William Blair', 'members', 'access', 'BofA', 'Leerink', 'PRTO', 'Maxim', 'Jefferies']",2025-02-17,2025-02-18,thefly.com
48925,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2025/02/17/3027422/0/en/Galapagos-receives-transparency-notification-and-13D-filing-from-Tang-Capital.html,Galapagos receives transparency notification and 13D filing from Tang Capital,Mechelen  Belgium; February 17  2025  22:01 CET; regulated information – Galapagos NV (Euronext & NASDAQ: GLPG) received a transparency notification and 13D filing from Tang Capital.,Mechelen  Belgium; February 17  2025  22:01 CET; regulated information – Galapagos NV (Euronext & NASDAQ: GLPG) received a transparency notification and 13D filing from Tang Capital.Pursuant to Belgian transparency legislation1  Galapagos received a transparency notification on February 14  2025 on behalf of Mr. Kevin Tang  Tang Capital Management  LLC (“TCM”)  Tang Capital Partners  LP (“TCP”)  Tang Capital Partners International  LP (“TCPI”)  and Tang Capital Partners III  Inc. (“TCP III”)  who notified us that TCP and TCPI hold an aggregate of 887 227 ordinary shares and that TCP  TCPI  and TCP III hold an aggregate of 2 436 180 American Depository Receipts (“ADRs”) (each of which represent one ordinary share)  which represent a total of 3 323 407 of Galapagos’ voting rights. This represents 5.04% of Galapagos’ currently outstanding 65 897 071 shares. As a result  they crossed above the 5% threshold of Galapagos’ voting rights by acquisition of voting securities on February 7  2025. The transparency notification further specifies that:(i) Mr. Tang is the manager of TCM and the CEO of TCP III and Tang Capital Partners IV  Inc. (“TCP IV”); TCM is the general partner of TCP and TCPI; Mr. Tang shares voting and dispositive power over such shares with TCP  TCPI  TCP III and TCM; TCM shares voting and dispositive power over such shares with TCP  TCPI  TCP III and Mr. Tang; TCP shares voting and dispositive power over such shares with TCM and Mr. Tang; TCPI shares voting and dispositive power over such shares with TCM and Mr. Tang; TCP III shares voting and dispositive power over such shares with TCM and Mr. Tang  and that(ii) TCM  TCP  TCPI and TCP III can exercise the voting rights at their discretion in the absence of specific instructions.Furthermore  TCM filed a Schedule 13D with the SEC on February 14  2025  reporting that it beneficially owns 4 910 525 of Galapagos’ voting rights  consisting of 966 119 ordinary shares  2 544 406 ADRs  and 1 400 000 ADRs giving the right to purchase Galapagos’ shares pursuant to call option contracts that expire on February 21  2025. This represents a total of 7.5% of Galapagos’ currently outstanding 65 897 071 shares. It is also stated that the persons making the filing have potential obligations to purchase 1 043 500 of Galapagos’ shares pursuant to put option contracts that expire on February 21  2025  and that they have potential obligations to sell 200 000 Galapagos' shares pursuant to call option contracts that expire on April 17  2025.The full transparency notification and Schedule 13D are available on the Galapagos website.About GalapagosWe are a biotechnology company with operations in Europe and the U.S. dedicated to transforming patient outcomes through life-changing science and innovation for more years of life and quality of life. Focusing on high unmet medical needs  we synergize compelling science  technology  and collaborative approaches to create a deep pipeline of best-in-class medicines. With capabilities from lab to patient  including a decentralized cell therapy manufacturing platform  we are committed to challenging the status quo and delivering results for our patients  employees  and shareholders. Our goal is not just to meet current medical needs but to anticipate and shape the future of healthcare  ensuring that our innovations reach those who need them most. For additional information  please visit www.glpg.com or follow us on LinkedIn or X.For further information  please contact:Media inquiries:Srikant Ramaswami+1 412 699 0359Marieke Vermeersch+32 479 490 603media@glpg.com Investor inquiries:Srikant Ramaswami+1 412 699 0359Sandra Cauwenberghs+32 495 58 46 63ir@glpg.com1 Belgian Act of 2 May 2007 on the disclosure of major shareholdings in issuers whose shares are admitted to trading on a regulated market and regarding miscellaneous provisions  as amended from time to time.Attachment,neutral,0.0,0.99,0.0,neutral,0.02,0.98,0.01,True,English,"['transparency notification', '13D filing', 'Tang Capital', 'Galapagos', 'decentralized cell therapy manufacturing platform', 'high unmet medical needs', 'Tang Capital Partners International', 'Tang Capital Partners IV', 'current medical needs', '2,436,180 American Depository Receipts', 'Tang Capital Management', 'compelling science, technology', 'one ordinary share', 'Belgian transparency legislation', 'Mr. Kevin Tang', 'full transparency notification', 'Galapagos’ voting rights', 'Mr. Tang', 'TCP IV', 'life-changing science', '1 Belgian Act', 'general partner', 'dispositive power', 'specific instructions', 'option contracts', 'potential obligations', 'biotechnology company', 'U.S.', 'collaborative approaches', 'deep pipeline', 'class medicines', 'status quo', 'Media inquiries', 'Srikant Ramaswami', 'Marieke Vermeersch', 'Investor inquiries', 'Sandra Cauwenberghs', 'major shareholdings', 'miscellaneous provisions', 'voting securities', 'Galapagos NV', 'Galapagos website', 'additional information', '887,227 ordinary shares', '966,119 ordinary shares', 'TCP III', '13D filing', 'Schedule 13D', 'patient outcomes', 'regulated information', 'TCP shares', 'TCM shares', '200,000 Galapagos', '897,071 shares', 'Mechelen', 'Belgium', 'February', '22:01 CET', 'Euronext', 'NASDAQ', 'GLPG', 'behalf', 'LLC', 'TCPI', 'Inc.', 'aggregate', 'ADRs', 'total', 'result', '5% threshold', 'acquisition', 'manager', 'CEO', 'discretion', 'absence', 'persons', 'April', 'operations', 'Europe', 'innovation', 'years', 'quality', 'capabilities', 'patients', 'employees', 'shareholders', 'goal', 'future', 'healthcare', 'LinkedIn', '2 May', 'disclosure', 'issuers', 'market', 'time', 'Attachment']",2025-02-17,2025-02-18,globenewswire.com
48926,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2025/02/17/3027095/0/en/Ontex-introduces-Dreamshields-technology-in-baby-diapers-across-Europe.html,Ontex introduces Dreamshields® technology in baby diapers across Europe,Aalst  Belgium  February 17  2025 – Ontex Group NV [EURONEXT: ONTEX]  a leading international developer and producer of personal care solutions  is excited to announce the commercial launch of its Dreamshields® technology for baby diapers. Offering superior p…,Commercial launch of Dreamshields® technology for baby diapers  with superior leakage protection and comfortCombining a range of technological innovations  including SeconDRY® system  360° protection  and a unique channel design result in high panel scores  related to performance and leakage protectionDreamshields® is designed with sustainability in mind  reducing CO2 emissions and plastic useAalst  Belgium  February 17  2025 – Ontex Group NV [EURONEXT: ONTEX]  a leading international developer and producer of personal care solutions  is excited to announce the commercial launch of its Dreamshields® technology for baby diapers. Offering superior performance  all-round leakage protection  and enhanced comfort  Dreamshields® ensures optimal dryness while prioritizing sustainability. The Dreamshields® technology is now available on shelf in several European markets in Europe  and being rolled out to more customers soon.Laurent Nielly  President Europe at Ontex: “Dreamshields® is a key technology in our portfolio  offering a perfect balance of quality  affordability  and sustainability. By combining effective protection with a design that reduces CO2 emissions and plastic use  Dreamshields® meets the demands of today’s families while supporting our commitment to environmental responsibility. At Ontex  we focus on delivering relevant innovation that make everyday life easier for parents and families.”Leading-edge technology for baby’s comfort and parents’ peace of mindDreamshields® technology integrates a range of advanced features that benefit both parents and babies  enhancing comfort  protection  and ease of use. Consumers have responded positively to the innovative technologies. Panel scores show Dreamshields® performs great  especially when it comes to leakage protection. These innovations address both the needs of babies for comfort and the expectations of parents for reliability and sustainability:Unique channel design with gender-specific zones: enhances fast liquid flow across the entire core for superior absorption  ensuring babies stay dry and comfortable.enhances fast liquid flow across the entire core for superior absorption  ensuring babies stay dry and comfortable. SeconDRY® system: provides instant dryness by rapidly drawing moisture away from the skin  minimizing the risk of irritationprovides instant dryness by rapidly drawing moisture away from the skin  minimizing the risk of irritation Double-layer core with dual SAP (Super Absorbent Polymer): features two types of SAP  optimizing fast liquid attraction and solid retention for a lighter  more flexible diaper.features two types of SAP  optimizing fast liquid attraction and solid retention for a lighter  more flexible diaper. 360° protection: combines front and back barriers with anti-leak cuffs  effectively preventing leaks and blow-outs in all directions.combines front and back barriers with anti-leak cuffs  effectively preventing leaks and blow-outs in all directions. Heat release feature: promotes air circulation  maintaining fresh and healthy skin conditions to prevent discomfort and rashes.High waist fit: offers a snug and stretchy fit that adapts to baby’s movements  ensuring comfort at all times.EnquiriesInvestors Geoffroy Raskin +32 53 33 37 30 investor.relations@ontexglobal.comGeoffroy Raskin +32 53 33 37 30 Media Catherine Weyne +32 53 33 36 22 corporate.communications@ontexglobal.comAbout OntexOntex is a leading international developer and producer of baby care  feminine care and adult care products  both for retailers and healthcare. Ontex’s innovative products are distributed in around 100 countries through retailers and healthcare providers. Employing some 7 500 people  Ontex has a presence in 14 countries  with its headquarters in Aalst  Belgium. Ontex is listed on Euronext Brussels and is part of the Bel Mid®. To keep up with the latest news  visit ontex.com or follow Ontex on LinkedIn  Facebook  Instagram and YouTube.Attachment,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,mixed,0.67,0.18,0.15,True,English,"['Dreamshields® technology', 'baby diapers', 'Ontex', 'Europe', 'leading international developer', 'several European markets', 'fast liquid flow', 'Super Absorbent Polymer', 'fast liquid attraction', 'Heat release feature', 'Media Catherine Weyne', 'personal care solutions', 'High waist fit', 'unique channel design', 'high panel scores', 'adult care products', 'healthy skin conditions', 'round leakage protection', 'Ontex Group NV', 'The Dreamshields® technology', 'superior leakage protection', 'stretchy fit', 'feminine care', 'innovative products', 'superior absorption', 'key technology', 'Leading-edge technology', 'baby care', 'Commercial launch', 'SeconDRY® system', 'CO2 emissions', 'optimal dryness', 'Laurent Nielly', 'perfect balance', 'environmental responsibility', 'relevant innovation', 'everyday life', 'advanced features', 'innovative technologies', 'gender-specific zones', 'entire core', 'instant dryness', 'Double-layer core', 'two types', 'solid retention', 'flexible diaper', 'back barriers', 'anti-leak cuffs', 'air circulation', 'Geoffroy Raskin', 'Bel Mid®', 'latest news', 'effective protection', 'superior performance', 'plastic use', 'baby diapers', 'technological innovations', 'President Europe', 'healthcare providers', 'Euronext Brussels', 'dual SAP', 'ontex.com', 'parents’ peace', 'enhanced comfort', '360° protection', 'range', 'sustainability', 'mind', 'Aalst', 'Belgium', 'February', 'producer', 'shelf', 'customers', 'portfolio', 'quality', 'affordability', 'demands', 'today', 'families', 'commitment', 'babies', 'Consumers', 'needs', 'expectations', 'reliability', 'moisture', 'risk', 'irritation', 'front', 'leaks', 'blow-outs', 'directions', 'fresh', 'discomfort', 'rashes', 'snug', 'movements', 'times', 'Enquiries', 'Investors', 'relations', 'ontexglobal', 'communications', 'retailers', '100 countries', '7,500 people', 'presence', '14 countries', 'headquarters', 'part', 'LinkedIn', 'Facebook', 'Instagram', 'YouTube', 'Attachment']",2025-02-17,2025-02-18,globenewswire.com
48927,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2025/02/17/3027366/0/en/EVS-Broadcast-Equipment-reports-update-of-share-buyback-program.html,EVS Broadcast Equipment reports update of share buyback program,EVS reports update of share buyback program           Liège  Belgium | February 17  2025    EVS Broadcast Equipment reports that the following......,EVS reports update of share buyback programLiège  Belgium | February 17  2025EVS Broadcast Equipment reports that the following transactions  conducted within the framework of the share buyback program announced on November 25  2024  took place between February 10 and 14  2025:Trade Date Number of shares acquired Average price (EUR) Highest price (EUR) Lowest price (EUR) Total (EUR) Market 10-02-25 - - - - - 11-02-25 301 33.0289 33.05 33.00 9 942 XBRU 12-02-25 - - - - - 13-02-25 - - - - - 14-02-25 267 33.1000 33.10 33.10 8 838 XBRU Total 568 33.0623 33.10 33.00 18 779As of February 14  2025  and since the start of the buyback program  EVS has bought 176 891 shares at an average price of EUR 30.6488  representing in total EUR 5 421 493.22. This corresponds to 54.21% of the announced 10 Mio€ program completed.After aforementioned transactions  the total number of own shares amounts to 983 389 shares as of February 14  2025 (including 776 508 shares already held by the company before the start of the share buyback program).All details related to the acquisition of own shares by EVS Broadcast Equipment can be found on https://evs.com/investors/share-buybackAbout EVSWe create return on emotionEVS is globally recognized as a leading provider in live video technology for broadcast and new media productions. Spanning the entire production process  EVS solutions are trusted by production teams worldwide to deliver the most gripping live sports images  buzzing entertainment shows and breaking news to billions of viewers every day – and in real time. As we continue to expand our footprint  our dedication to sustainable growth for both our business and the industry is clearly demonstrated through our ESG strategy. This commitment is not only reflected in our results  but also in our high ratings from different agencies. Headquartered in Liège  Belgium  the company has a global presence with offices in Australia  Asia  the Middle East  Europe  North and Latin America  employing over 700 team members and ensuring sales  training  and technical support to more than 100 countries. EVS is a public company traded on Euronext Brussels: EVS  ISIN: BE0003820371. EVS is  amongst others  part of the Euronext Tech Leaders and Euronext BEL Mid indices.Media ContactsFor more info about this press release  or to set up an interview with EVS  please contact:Veerle De Wit – Chief Financial OfficerTel: +32 4 361 7004 – Email: v.dewit@evs.comSébastien Verlaine – Senior Brand & Corporate Communications ManagerTel: +32 4 361 5809 – Email: s.verlaine@evs.comAttachment,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,neutral,0.01,0.98,0.0,True,English,"['EVS Broadcast Equipment reports', 'share buyback program', 'update', 'gripping live sports images', 'Euronext BEL Mid indices', 'live video technology', 'Euronext Tech Leaders', 'Veerle De Wit', 'Chief Financial Officer', 'Sébastien Verlaine', 'Corporate Communications Manager', 'new media productions', 'entire production process', 'share buyback program', 'EVS Broadcast Equipment', 'Euronext Brussels', '10 Mio€ program', 'production teams', 'Media Contacts', 'Liège', 'Trade Date', 'Average price', 'Highest price', 'Lowest price', 'leading provider', 'entertainment shows', 'real time', 'sustainable growth', 'ESG strategy', 'high ratings', 'different agencies', 'global presence', 'Middle East', 'Latin America', '700 team members', 'technical support', 'press release', 'Senior Brand', 'EVS reports', 'EVS solutions', 'public company', 'XBRU Total', 'total number', 'update', 'Belgium', 'February', 'transactions', 'framework', 'November', 'place', 'shares', 'Market', 'start', 'details', 'acquisition', 'investors', 'return', 'emotion', 'news', 'billions', 'viewers', 'footprint', 'dedication', 'business', 'industry', 'commitment', 'results', 'offices', 'Australia', 'Asia', 'Europe', 'North', 'sales', 'training', '100 countries', 'ISIN', 'others', 'part', 'info', 'interview', 'Tel', 'Email', 'dewit', 'Attachment', '32']",2025-02-17,2025-02-18,globenewswire.com
48928,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2025/02/17/3027337/0/en/RAMSAY-SANTE-closing-repricing-250217.html,RAMSAY SANTE : closing repricing 250217,PRESS RELEASE  Paris  17 February 2025  Ramsay Santé has successfully repriced its €1 025m TLB4 and extended for 2 years its €425m TLB3  both merged in...,PRESS RELEASEParis  17 February 2025Ramsay Santé has successfully repriced its €1 025m TLB4 and extended for 2 years its €425m TLB3  both merged in a new single Term Loan B5Ramsay Santé today announced that it has repriced its €1 025m TLB4 from E+4.00% to E+3.25% / 100 OID (same maturity  i.e. August 2031).Simultaneously  the group has extended for 2 years the maturity of its former €425m TLB3 from August 2029 to August 2031 (same margin  i.e. E+3.25%).Consequently  TLB3 and TLB4 have been merged into a new single Term Loan B5 of €1 450m maturing August 2031  priced at E+3.25%.Through this transaction  Ramsay Santé has managed to optimize its cost of debt and further extend its debt maturities.This transaction was arranged by BNP Paribas and Crédit Agricole CIB as Physical Bookrunners.About Ramsay SantéRamsay Santé is the leader in private hospitalisation and primary care in Europe. The Group has 38 000 employees and works with nearly 9 300 practitioners to treat more than 12 million patients per year in its 465 facilities and 5 countries: France  Sweden  Norway  Denmark and Italy. Ramsay Santé offers almost all medical and surgical specialities in three domains: Medicine  Surgery  Obstetrics (MSO)  Follow-up Care and Rehabilitation (FCR) and Mental Health.Legally  Ramsay Santé is a mission-driven company committed to constantly improving the health of all patients through innovation. Wherever it operates  the Group contributes to public health service missions and the healthcare network. Through its actions and the constant dedication of its teams  Ramsay Santé is committed to ensuring the entire patient care journey  from prevention to follow-up care.Every year  the group invests over 200 million euros to support the evolution and diversity of care pathways  in medical  hospital  digital  and administrative aspects. Through this commitment  our Group enhances access to care for all  commits to provides best-in-class healthcare  systematically engages in dialogue with stakeholders and strives to protect the planet to improve health.Facebook: https://www.facebook.com/RamsaySanteInstagram: https://www.instagram.com/ramsaysanteTwitter: https://twitter.com/RamsaySanteLinkedIn: https://www.linkedin.com/company/ramsaysanteYouTube: https://www.youtube.com/c/RamsaySanteCode ISIN and Euronext Paris: FR0000044471Website: www.ramsaysante.frInvestor / Analyst Relations Press RelationsClément Lafaix Brigitte CachonTel. +33 1 87 86 21 52 Tel. +33 1 87 86 22 11clement.lafaix@ramsaysante.fr brigitte.cachon@ramsaysante.frAttachment,neutral,0.01,0.98,0.01,neutral,0.03,0.96,0.01,True,English,"['RAMSAY SANTE', 'new single Term Loan B5', 'Crédit Agricole CIB', 'Analyst Relations Press Relations', 'entire patient care journey', 'public health service missions', 'Clément Lafaix', 'former €425m TLB3', 'RamsaySante Code ISIN', 'PRESS RELEASE', 'primary care', 'Follow-up Care', 'care pathways', 'Ramsay Santé', 'same margin', 'BNP Paribas', 'Physical Bookrunners', 'private hospitalisation', 'surgical specialities', 'three domains', 'Mental Health', 'mission-driven company', 'healthcare network', 'constant dedication', '200 million euros', 'administrative aspects', 'class healthcare', '€1,025m TLB4', 'same maturity', 'debt maturities', '12 million patients', 'medical, hospital', 'Euronext Paris', 'The Group', 'Brigitte Cachon', '17 February', '2 years', '100 OID', 'August', 'transaction', 'cost', 'leader', 'Europe', '38,000 employees', '9,300 practitioners', '465 facilities', '5 countries', 'France', 'Sweden', 'Norway', 'Denmark', 'Italy', 'Medicine', 'Surgery', 'Obstetrics', 'MSO', 'Rehabilitation', 'FCR', 'innovation', 'actions', 'teams', 'prevention', 'evolution', 'diversity', 'digital', 'commitment', 'access', 'dialogue', 'stakeholders', 'planet', 'Facebook', 'Instagram', 'Twitter', 'LinkedIn', 'YouTube', 'Website', 'Investor', 'Tel.', 'clement', 'Attachment']",2025-02-17,2025-02-18,globenewswire.com
48929,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2025/02/17/3027380/0/en/Banijay-Group-weekly-share-transactions.html,Banijay Group: weekly share transactions,Press Release  Paris – 17 February 2025  Share Transactions Disclosure  Banijay Group N.V.1 (894500G73K46H93RF180) declares the following transactions...,Press ReleaseParis – 17 February 2025Share Transactions DisclosureBanijay Group N.V.1 (894500G73K46H93RF180) declares the following transactions made on its own shares (NL0015000X07) from 10 February to 13 February 2025 in accordance with the authorization given by the shareholder’s annual meeting on 23 May 2024.Trade Date Side Total Daily Volume (Number of Shares) Average Price Amount of Transactions Market Identification Code 2025-02-10 BUY 412 7.999393 3 295.75 XAMS 2025-02-11 SELL 5 8.000000 40.00 XAMS 2025-02-12 BUY 9 7.950000 71.55 XAMS 2025-02-12 SELL 8 8.000000 64.00 XAMS 2025-02-13 BUY 7 7.950000 55.65 XAMS 2025-02-13 SELL 1 8.000000 8.00 XAMSThe disclosure of all share transactions was made publicly available and can be consulted on the company’s website (https://group.banijay.com/liquidity-agreement/) under the section « Investors ».AgendaFY 2024 results: 6 March 2025Investor RelationsCaroline Cohen – Phone: +33 1 44 95 23 34 – c.cohen@group.banijay.comPress Relationsbanijaygroup@brunswickgroup.comHugues Boëton – Phone: +33 6 79 99 27 15Nicolas Grange – Phone: +33 6 29 56 20 19About Banijay GroupBanijay Group is a global entertainment leader founded by Stéphane Courbit  a 30-year entrepreneur and entertainment industry pioneer. Our mission is to inspire passion by providing audiences with engaging and innovative entertainment experiences. The Group’s activities include content production & distribution (through Banijay Entertainment  the largest international independent producer distributor)  live experiences (through Banijay Live  a leading player in live experiences) and online sports betting & gaming (through Banijay Gaming  Europe’s fastest-growing online sports betting platform). In 2023  Banijay Group recorded revenue and Adjusted EBITDA of €4 318m and €737m respectively.Banijay Group is listed on Euronext Amsterdam (ISIN: NL0015000X07  Bloomberg: BNJ:NA  Reuters: BNJ.AS).1 Previously known as FL Entertainment N.V. until 24 May 2024Attachment,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,neutral,0.02,0.97,0.0,True,English,"['weekly share transactions', 'Banijay Group', 'Trade Date Side Total Daily Volume', 'largest international independent producer distributor', 'growing online sports betting platform', 'FL Entertainment N.V.', 'Transactions Market Identification Code', 'Banijay Group N.V', 'Average Price Amount', 'Hugues Boëton', 'global entertainment leader', 'Stéphane Courbit', 'entertainment industry pioneer', 'innovative entertainment experiences', 'Share Transactions Disclosure', 'Banijay Entertainment', 'following transactions', 'live experiences', 'The Group', 'Press Release', 'annual meeting', 'FY 2024 results', 'Investor Relations', 'Press Relations', 'Nicolas Grange', '30-year entrepreneur', 'content production', 'Banijay Live', 'leading player', 'Euronext Amsterdam', 'Caroline Cohen', 'Banijay Gaming', 'BNJ.AS', 'Paris', '17 February', '94500G73K46H93RF180', 'shares', '10 February', '13 February', 'accordance', 'authorization', 'shareholder', '23 May', 'Number', 'BUY', 'XAMS', 'SELL', 'company', 'website', 'liquidity-agreement', 'section', 'Investors', 'Agenda', '6 March', 'Phone', 'banijaygroup', 'brunswickgroup', 'mission', 'passion', 'audiences', 'engaging', 'activities', 'distribution', 'Europe', 'revenue', 'Adjusted', 'EBITDA', 'ISIN', 'Bloomberg', 'Reuters', '24 May', 'Attachment']",2025-02-17,2025-02-18,globenewswire.com
48930,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2025/02/17/3027019/0/en/Lleida-net-increased-its-number-of-clients-by-36-15-during-2024.html,Lleida.net increased its number of clients by 36.15% during 2024,Madrid  17 February. Spanish listed company Lleida.net (BME:LLN) (EPA:ALLN) (OTCQX:LLEIF) increased its number of clients by 36.15% during 2024.  At...,"Madrid  17 February. Spanish listed company Lleida.net (BME:LLN) (EPA:ALLN) (OTCQX:LLEIF) increased its number of clients by 36.15% during 2024.At the end of last year  the total number of invoiced accounts of the company was 4 222  up from 3 101 in 2023. An invoiced account can include multiple users according to Lleida.net's model.During the period  the company worked with clients from 61 countries  seven more than the 54 markets in which it worked during 2023.In 2024  customers from outside Spain accounted for 54.62% of all the company's transactions  a year-on-year increase of 7.38%.""Lleida.net has shown in 2024 that it is a company increasingly driven by growing international business "" said Sisco Sapena  CEO and founder of the company.""As we explained last week during our last call to investors  it makes sense for us to continue increasing our commercial efforts in the euro zone and Latin America "" he added.During the period  the company issued 19 260 invoices  with an average turnover of 989.56 euros. In 2023  it issued 17 691  with an average ticket of 932.15 euros.At the end of the year  Lleida.net had 356 accounts invoiced over 5 000 euros each  431 clients with accounts invoiced between 500 and 5 000 euros a year  and 3 435 accounts invoiced with tickets of less than 500 euros.On 4 February  the company announced an annual turnover of 19.05 million euros  2.56 million euros more than in 2023.The company reported that Lleida.net recorded an EBITDA of 3.26 million euros in 2024  which contrasts with the 84 000 euros of the previous year. This represents a year-on-year increase of 3 792%.It recorded a net profit of 840 000 euros  recovering from losses of 2.72 million in 2023.Founded 30 years ago  in 1995  Lleida.net is the European leader in the registered electronic notification  contracting and signature industry.Its shares are listed on BME Growth in Madrid  Euronext Growth in Paris  OTC Markets in New York  as well as in Frankfurt and Stuttgart.The organisation holds over 300 patents in more than 60 countries on five continents and controls one of the largest intellectual property portfolios in the world in its field of specialisation.SAFE HARBOR STATEMENTThis press release contains statements regarding the future of the company and its innovations. Statements regarding the future may be accompanied by words such as ""anticipate""  ""believe""  ""estimate""  ""wait""  ""anticipate""  ""pretend""  ""power""  ""plan""  ""potential""  the use of future time and other terms of similar meaning. No undue reliance should be placed on these claims. These statements involve risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from those reflected in such statements  including uncertainty of the company's commercial success  ability to protect our intellectual property rights  and other risks. These statements are based on current beliefs and forecasts and refer only to the date of this press release. The company assumes no obligation to publicly update its forward-looking statements  regardless of whether new information  future events or any other circumstance arise.",neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,mixed,0.27,0.11,0.62,True,English,"['Lleida.net', 'number', 'clients', 'largest intellectual property portfolios', 'intellectual property rights', 'growing international business', 'registered electronic notification', 'SAFE HARBOR STATEMENT', 'Spanish listed company', 'Lleida.net', 'multiple users', 'Sisco Sapena', 'last call', 'commercial efforts', 'euro zone', 'Latin America', 'average turnover', 'average ticket', 'annual turnover', 'net profit', 'European leader', 'signature industry', 'Euronext Growth', 'New York', 'five continents', 'press release', 'other terms', 'similar meaning', 'undue reliance', 'actual results', 'commercial success', 'current beliefs', 'new information', 'other circumstance', 'last year', 'previous year', 'total number', 'BME Growth', 'OTC Markets', 'future time', 'other risks', 'future events', '19.05 million euros', '26 million euros', 'forward-looking statements', 'year increase', '54 markets', '989.56 euros', '932.15 euros', '5,000 euros', '500 euros', '84,000 euros', '840,000 euros', 'Madrid', '17 February', 'LLN', 'EPA', 'OTCQX', 'LLEIF', 'clients', 'end', 'accounts', 'model', 'period', '61 countries', 'customers', 'outside', 'Spain', 'transactions', 'CEO', 'founder', 'investors', 'sense', '19,260 invoices', 'tickets', 'less', '4 February', 'EBITDA', 'losses', 'contracting', 'shares', 'Paris', 'Frankfurt', 'Stuttgart', 'organisation', '300 patents', '60 countries', 'world', 'field', 'specialisation', 'innovations', 'words', 'power', 'plan', 'claims', 'uncertainties', 'uncertainty', 'ability', 'forecasts', 'date', 'obligation', '2024', '7.']",2025-02-17,2025-02-18,globenewswire.com
48931,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.irishtimes.com/business/2025/02/17/european-shares-rose-to-record-levels-amid-ukraine-talks/,European shares rose to record levels amid Ukraine talks,In Dublin  shares in Bank of Ireland closed lower following a landmark court ruling in Britain,The blue-chip FTSE 100 closed 0.4 per cent higher in London  while the more domestically focused midcap FTSE 250 edged up 0.1 per cent. Photograph: Andrey Rudakov/BloombergEuropean shares rose to record levels on Monday  led by defence stocks  as the region’s political leaders called for an emergency summit on the Ukraine war amid growing US calls to boost military spending for security.DublinEuronext Dublin was up 0.8 per cent at close of business  but shares in Bank of Ireland closed lower following a landmark court ruling in Britain.The UK’s Supreme Court refused to let the Treasury intervene in a case over controversial car loans  dealing a blow to chancellor Rachel Reeves who had sought to argue that the suit was hindering Britain’s regulatory environment.The case  and a related regulatory inquiry into the matter  weighed on shares of UK banks as investors fear lenders could face costly compensation bills for consumers impacted by the practices.READ MOREAnalysts at Bank of United States have estimated the industry could face as much as £38 billion (€45.8 billion) in costs tied to the saga. Bank of Ireland finished down 0.6 per cent  with a trader noting it has “some exposure” to the case. AIB  meanwhile  climbed 0.8 per cent.Elsewhere  housebuilder Glenveagh Properties finished the day up 1.5 per cent as it made up some of the ground lost following a weak close on Friday. Cairn Homes  meanwhile  was down 0.4 per cent at the end of trading.LondonBritain’s benchmark index closed higher  supported by aerospace and defence stocks  while some banks slid.The blue-chip FTSE 100 closed 0.4 per cent higher  while the more domestically focused midcap FTSE 250 edged up 0.1 per cent.Defence company BAE Systems jumped nearly 9 per cent to the top of the blue-chip index  riding the coattails of rising defence stocks across Europe.The UK’s aerospace and defence index led sectoral gains  rising 4.5 per cent as British prime minister Keir Starmer said his country’s national security was facing a generational challenge and that it was crucial for all of Europe to spend more on defence.Lenders Close Brothers fell 8 per cent and Lloyds declined 1.9 per cent however after the UK Supreme Court rejected finance minister Rachel Reeves' attempt to intervene in the car loan case. The two are among a number of lenders with motor finance businesses.Assura jumped 9 per cent after the British healthcare property developer rejected a £1.56 billion proposal from KKR and pension fund Universities Superannuation Scheme.Engineering firm John Wood Group fell 10.8 per cent to a record low after it forecast a negative cash flow for another year in the previous session.EuropeThe pan-European Stoxx 600 index rose 0.4 per cent  as a gauge of defence and aerospace stocks surged almost 4 per cent to lifetime peaks  having already more than doubled in value since Russia invaded Ukraine three years ago.Investors expect earnings in the industry to continue to rise strongly  driven by a significant surge in defence budgets to meet new security needs – which analysts have dubbed a “supercycle” for the sector.Konstantin Oldenburger  a market analyst for CMC Markets  said: “While the US intends to negotiate a resolution to the war exclusively with Russia and Ukraine  it appears they will leave potential peacekeeping responsibilities to the Europeans  who will need to significantly boost their defence budgets to do so.“The notion that the Americans wish to wind down military support for the region has not been new  especially since Trump’s election victory.”Banks were also in demand  up 1.2 per cent and flying to 17-year highs  helped by a rise in bond yields.In Frankfurt  the Dax was up 1.26 per cent to hit a new record high  with the share price of Germans weapons-maker Rheinmetall surging more than a 10th. In Paris  the Cac 40 index rose 0.13 per cent.New YorkOver in the US  stock markets were closed for the Presidents’ Day public holiday. – Additional reporting: Agencies,neutral,0.21,0.79,0.01,negative,0.0,0.2,0.8,True,English,"['European shares', 'record levels', 'Ukraine talks', 'pension fund Universities Superannuation Scheme', 'British healthcare property developer', 'Presidents’ Day public holiday', 'finance minister Rachel Reeves', 'chancellor Rachel Reeves', 'British prime minister', 'motor finance businesses', 'controversial car loans', 'costly compensation bills', 'John Wood Group', 'negative cash flow', 'potential peacekeeping responsibilities', 'landmark court ruling', 'related regulatory inquiry', 'pan-European Stoxx 600 index', 'growing US calls', 'car loan case', 'UK Supreme Court', 'new security needs', 'rising defence stocks', 'Lenders Close Brothers', 'regulatory environment', 'new record', 'New York', 'The UK', 'benchmark index', 'blue-chip index', 'Cac 40 index', 'defence index', 'blue-chip FTSE 100', 'midcap FTSE 250', 'Andrey Rudakov', 'record levels', 'political leaders', 'emergency summit', 'military spending', 'United States', 'Glenveagh Properties', 'Cairn Homes', 'BAE Systems', 'sectoral gains', 'Keir Starmer', 'national security', 'generational challenge', '£1.56 billion proposal', 'Engineering firm', 'record low', 'previous session', 'lifetime peaks', 'significant surge', 'Konstantin Oldenburger', 'market analyst', 'CMC Markets', 'military support', 'election victory', '17-year highs', 'bond yields', 'share price', 'Germans weapons-maker', 'stock markets', 'Additional reporting', 'Defence company', 'defence budgets', 'UK banks', 'aerospace stocks', 'Euronext Dublin', 'European shares', 'Ukraine war', 'London', 'Photograph', 'Bloomberg', 'Monday', 'region', 'Ireland', 'Britain', 'Treasury', 'blow', 'suit', 'matter', 'investors', 'consumers', 'practices', 'READ', 'Analysts', 'industry', 'costs', 'saga', 'trader', 'exposure', 'AIB', 'housebuilder', 'ground', 'weak', 'Friday', 'trading', 'domestically', 'top', 'coattails', 'country', 'Lloyds', 'number', 'Assura', 'KKR', 'gauge', 'value', 'Russia', 'earnings', 'supercycle', 'resolution', 'Europeans', 'notion', 'Americans', 'Trump', 'demand', 'rise', 'Frankfurt', 'Dax', 'Rheinmetall', 'Paris', 'Agencies']",2025-02-17,2025-02-18,irishtimes.com
48932,EuroNext,Bing API,https://www.taiwannews.com.tw/en/news/6040130,Notice of Capital Markets Day - Save the Date,Louvain-la-Neuve  Belgium  18 February  2025 – IBA (Ion Beam Applications S.A.  EURONEXT)  the world leader in particle accelerator technology  will host a Capital Markets Day (CMD) for investors and analysts on Monday 7 April 2025 at 2pm CET / 1pm GMT / 8am ET.,Louvain-la-Neuve  Belgium  18 February  2025 – IBA (Ion Beam Applications S.A.  EURONEXT)  the world leader in particle accelerator technology  will host a Capital Markets Day (CMD) for investors and analysts on Monday 7 April 2025 at 2pm CET / 1pm GMT / 8am ET.The event will include presentations  panel discussions and Q&A sessions led by IBA’s management team with speakers from across the Group. Attendees will have the opportunity to gain valuable insights into IBA’s strategy  including selected growth initiatives and performance drivers  as well as a deep dive into its business lines and markets.For further information  please contact ICR Healthcare [email protected].***ENDS***About IBAIBA (Ion Beam Applications S.A.) is the world leader in particle accelerator technology. The company is the leading supplier of equipment and services in the fields of proton therapy  the most advanced form of radiation therapy available today  as well as industrial sterilization  radiopharmaceuticals and dosimetry. The company  based in Louvain-la-Neuve  Belgium  employs approximately 2 000 people worldwide. IBA is a certified B Corporation (B Corp) meeting the highest standards of verified social and environmental performance.IBA is listed on the pan-European stock exchange EURONEXT (IBA: Reuters IBAB.BR and Bloomberg IBAB.BB).More information can be found at: www.iba-worldwide.comCONTACTSOlivier LechienCorporate Communication Director+32 10 475 890[email protected]ICR HealthcareAmber Fennell  Angela Gray  Lucy Featherstone+44 (0) 20 3709 5700[email protected]Attachment,neutral,0.03,0.96,0.0,neutral,0.03,0.97,0.0,True,English,"['Capital Markets Day', 'Notice', 'Date', 'Ion Beam Applications S.A.', 'Q&A sessions', 'particle accelerator technology', 'pan-European stock exchange', 'Corporate Communication Director', 'certified B Corporation', 'Reuters IBAB.BR', 'Capital Markets Day', 'Bloomberg IBAB', 'world leader', 'Monday 7 April', '2pm CET', 'panel discussions', 'management team', 'valuable insights', 'growth initiatives', 'performance drivers', 'deep dive', 'business lines', 'ICR Healthcare', 'leading supplier', 'proton therapy', 'advanced form', 'radiation therapy', 'industrial sterilization', 'highest standards', 'environmental performance', 'Olivier Lechien', 'Amber Fennell', 'Angela Gray', 'Lucy Featherstone', 'More information', 'Louvain-la-Neuve', 'Belgium', '18 February', 'EURONEXT', 'CMD', 'investors', 'analysts', '1pm', '8am', 'event', 'presentations', 'speakers', 'Group', 'Attendees', 'opportunity', 'strategy', 'ENDS', 'company', 'equipment', 'services', 'fields', 'radiopharmaceuticals', 'dosimetry', '2,000 people', 'verified', 'social', 'BB', 'CONTACTS', 'Attachment']",2025-02-18,2025-02-18,taiwannews.com.tw
48933,EuroNext,Bing API,https://www.finanznachrichten.de/nachrichten-2025-02/64585533-paratus-energy-services-ltd-invitation-to-paratus-q4-2024-earnings-call-008.htm,Paratus Energy Services Ltd: Invitation to Paratus' Q4 2024 Earnings Call,"Paratus Energy Services Ltd. (Oslo: PLSV) (""Paratus"" or the ""Company"") will release its unaudited interim financial results for Q4 2024 on February","HAMILTON  Bermuda  Feb. 18  2025 /PRNewswire/ -- Paratus Energy Services Ltd. (Oslo: PLSV) (""Paratus"" or the ""Company"") will release its unaudited interim financial results for Q4 2024 on February 28  2025  on or about 07:00 (CEST).In connection with the earnings release  an audio webcast will be held at 15:00 (CEST) on the same day. To participate in the webcast  please use the following link to register and access the live presentation:https://channel.royalcast.com/landingpage/paratus-energy/20250228_1/The webcast and presentation materials will be accessible in the Investors section of our website: www.paratus-energy.com. A Q&A session will be held after the presentation. Instructions on how to submit questions will be provided at the start of the webcast.For further information  please contact:Baton Haxhimehmedi  CFOBaton.Haxhimehmedi@paratus-energy.com+47 406 39 083About ParatusParatus Energy Services Ltd. (Oslo: PLSV) is an investment holding company of a group of leading energy services companies. The Paratus Group is primarily comprised of its ownership of Fontis Energy and a 50/50 JV interest in Seagems (formerly Seabras). Fontis Energy is an offshore drilling company with a fleet of five high-specification jack-up rigs working under contracts in Mexico. Seagems is a leading subsea services company  with a fleet of six multi-purpose pipe-laying support vessels under contracts in Brazil. In addition  Paratus is the largest shareholder in Archer Ltd  a global oil services company  listed on the Euronext Oslo Børs.This information is subject to the disclosure requirements pursuant to section 5-12 of the Norwegian Securities Trading Act.This information was brought to you by Cision http://news.cision.comhttps://news.cision.com/paratus-energy-services-ltd/r/invitation-to-paratus--q4-2024-earnings-call c4107445View original content:https://www.prnewswire.co.uk/news-releases/invitation-to-paratus-q4-2024-earnings-call-302378851.html",neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,neutral,0.0,0.99,0.01,True,English,"['Paratus Energy Services Ltd', 'Q4 2024 Earnings Call', 'Invitation', 'six multi-purpose pipe-laying support vessels', 'unaudited interim financial results', 'A Q&A session', 'five high-specification jack-up rigs', 'Norwegian Securities Trading Act', 'leading subsea services company', 'global oil services company', 'leading energy services companies', 'Euronext Oslo Børs', 'Paratus Energy Services Ltd', 'investment holding company', '50/50 JV interest', 'offshore drilling company', 'The Paratus Group', 'Archer Ltd', 'Fontis Energy', 'earnings release', 'same day', 'following link', 'channel.royalcast', 'CFO Baton', 'largest shareholder', 'disclosure requirements', 'original content', 'live presentation', 'presentation materials', 'Investors section', 'Baton Haxhimehmedi', 'audio webcast', 'news.cision', 'HAMILTON', 'Bermuda', 'Feb.', 'PRNewswire', 'PLSV', 'Q4', 'February', 'CEST', 'connection', 'landingpage', 'website', 'Instructions', 'questions', 'start', 'information', 'ownership', 'Seagems', 'Seabras', 'fleet', 'contracts', 'Mexico', 'Brazil', 'addition', 'paratus-energy-services', 'news-releases', '15:00']",2025-02-06,2025-02-18,finanznachrichten.de
48934,EuroNext,Bing API,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/invitation-paratus-q4-2024-earnings-122600051.html,Invitation to Paratus' Q4 2024 Earnings Call,"Paratus Energy Services Ltd. (Oslo: PLSV) (""Paratus"" or the ""Company"") will release its unaudited interim financial results for Q4 2024 on February 28  2025  on or about 07:00 (CEST).","HAMILTON  Bermuda  Feb. 18  2025 /PRNewswire/ -- Paratus Energy Services Ltd. (Oslo: PLSV) (""Paratus"" or the ""Company"") will release its unaudited interim financial results for Q4 2024 on February 28  2025  on or about 07:00 (CEST).In connection with the earnings release  an audio webcast will be held at 15:00 (CEST) on the same day. To participate in the webcast  please use the following link to register and access the live presentation:https://channel.royalcast.com/landingpage/paratus-energy/20250228_1/The webcast and presentation materials will be accessible in the Investors section of our website: www.paratus-energy.com. A Q&A session will be held after the presentation. Instructions on how to submit questions will be provided at the start of the webcast.For further information  please contact:Baton Haxhimehmedi  CFOBaton.Haxhimehmedi@paratus-energy.com+47 406 39 083About ParatusParatus Energy Services Ltd. (Oslo: PLSV) is an investment holding company of a group of leading energy services companies. The Paratus Group is primarily comprised of its ownership of Fontis Energy and a 50/50 JV interest in Seagems (formerly Seabras). Fontis Energy is an offshore drilling company with a fleet of five high-specification jack-up rigs working under contracts in Mexico. Seagems is a leading subsea services company  with a fleet of six multi-purpose pipe-laying support vessels under contracts in Brazil. In addition  Paratus is the largest shareholder in Archer Ltd  a global oil services company  listed on the Euronext Oslo Børs.This information is subject to the disclosure requirements pursuant to section 5-12 of the Norwegian Securities Trading Act.This information was brought to you by Cision http://news.cision.comhttps://news.cision.com/paratus-energy-services-ltd/r/invitation-to-paratus--q4-2024-earnings-call c4107445CisionView original content:https://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/invitation-to-paratus-q4-2024-earnings-call-302378846.htmlSOURCE Paratus Energy Services Ltd",neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,neutral,0.01,0.97,0.02,True,English,"['Q4 2024 Earnings Call', 'Invitation', 'Paratus', 'six multi-purpose pipe-laying support vessels', 'SOURCE Paratus Energy Services Ltd', 'unaudited interim financial results', 'A Q&A session', 'five high-specification jack-up rigs', 'Norwegian Securities Trading Act', 'leading subsea services company', 'global oil services company', 'leading energy services companies', 'Euronext Oslo Børs', 'investment holding company', '50/50 JV interest', 'offshore drilling company', 'The Paratus Group', 'Archer Ltd', 'Fontis Energy', 'earnings release', 'same day', 'following link', 'channel.royalcast', 'CFO Baton', 'largest shareholder', 'disclosure requirements', 'original content', 'live presentation', 'presentation materials', 'Investors section', 'Baton Haxhimehmedi', 'audio webcast', 'news.cision', 'HAMILTON', 'Bermuda', 'Feb.', 'PRNewswire', 'PLSV', 'Q4', 'February', 'CEST', 'connection', 'landingpage', 'website', 'Instructions', 'questions', 'start', 'information', 'ownership', 'Seagems', 'Seabras', 'fleet', 'contracts', 'Mexico', 'Brazil', 'addition', 'paratus-energy-services', 'news-releases', 'call', '15:00']",2025-02-18,2025-02-18,finance.yahoo.com
48935,EuroNext,Bing API,https://www.finanznachrichten.de/nachrichten-2025-02/64582574-morrisons-partners-with-quadient-for-convenient-parcel-delivery-at-its-morrisons-daily-stores-399.htm,Morrisons Partners with Quadient for Convenient Parcel Delivery at its Morrisons Daily Stores,Paris Quadient (Euronext Paris: QDT)  a global automation platform powering secure and sustainable business connections  today announced a new partnership with Morrisons. The partnership will see Parc,"ParisQuadient (Euronext Paris: QDT)  a global automation platform powering secure and sustainable business connections  today announced a new partnership with Morrisons. The partnership will see Parcel Pending by Quadient parcel lockers installed at 230 Morrisons Daily stores by spring 2025.All of Morrisons circ. 1 000 wholly owned Morrisons Daily convenience stores have a parcel solution offer and this new partnership will enable consumers to pick up and return parcels securely from Royal Mail  Evri  DPD and UPS.Michael Weightman  Convenience Trading Director at Morrisons  said  ""Customers have told us that they want a broader range of services when it comes to parcel pickups and returns so we're delighted to be expanding the options available at our Morrisons Daily stores via this partnership with Quadient.""Quadient's consumer research shows that people appreciate the positive impact businesses make by hosting lockers  for instance reducing traffic on local roads by decreasing the volume of delivery van journeys. The research also uncovered a tangible benefit for retailers; when visiting lockers hosted at stores  more than half of consumers make additional purchases.""Our lockers seamlessly integrate into people's daily routines  making parcel pickup and drop-off more convenient than ever. This partnership with Morrisons Daily will enhance accessibility for communities across the UK "" said Katia Bourgeais Crémel  Director  Lockers Automation for Europe at Quadient. ""Our vision is to build an open  carrier-agnostic locker network that provides consumers with greater flexibility and retailers with new opportunities to engage customers-driving footfall  enhancing the shopping experience and boosting in-store sales.""Quadient's secure parcel lockers automatically notify customers when parcels are ready for collection  providing a pickup code and barcode customers use to open the secure locker compartments. Customers returning items may use the lockers' built-in label printer  meaning they may send items back even if they don't have a printer at home.Quadient continues to expand its locker network across key markets in the U.S.  Japan and Europe. With more than 25 000 units now installed worldwide  the company continues to progress toward its long-term goal of deploying 40 000 units globally by 2030. Learn more at parcelpending.com/en-gb .About MorrisonsMorrisons has a rich history that dates back to 1899 when William Morrison first opened an egg and butter stall in Bradford. 125 years on  customers continue to enjoy our great quality British food and our Market Street heritage is clear to see in our c. 500 stores where skilled colleagues such as our butchers  fishmongers  and bakers proudly make and serve customers fresh food every day.As well as our supermarkets  we also have 1 600 Morrisons Daily convenience stores-around 600 of which are franchise stores-and an online delivery service where our customers can order their groceries from the comfort of their own home and have them delivered by us or one of our partners including Amazon  Deliveroo and Just Eat.We also have our own manufacturing business - Myton Food Group - spread across 18 sites where we pack and process fresh meats and fish  savoury and sweet pies  fruit and veg  flower bouquets  bread and more. As a result  we're proud to be British farming's single biggest direct customer.Our wholesale business serves customers across the UK and further afield through our extensive network of national and regional distribution depots.About Quadient®Quadient is a global automation platform powering secure and sustainable business connections through digital and physical channels. Quadient supports businesses of all sizes in their digital transformation and growth journey  unlocking operational efficiency and creating meaningful customer experiences. Listed in compartment B of Euronext Paris (QDT) and part of the CAC® Mid & Small and EnterNext® Tech 40 indices  Quadient shares are eligible for PEA-PME investing. For more information about Quadient  visit www.quadient.com.Quadient UK press contact:Dominic Walsh  Spark Communications +44 (0)20 7436 0420 or quadient@sparkcomms.co.ukParcel Pending by Quadient Open Network Locker at Morrisons Daily in UKParcel Pending by Quadient Open Network Locker at Morrisons Daily in the UK.",neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,positive,0.75,0.25,0.0,True,English,"['Convenient Parcel Delivery', 'Morrisons Daily Stores', 'Morrisons Partners', 'Quadient', 'Katia Bourgeais Crémel', 'open, carrier-agnostic locker network', 'great quality British food', 'Quadient Open Network Locker', 'Morrisons Daily convenience stores', 'Quadient UK press contact', 'delivery van journeys', 'Market Street heritage', 'online delivery service', 'Myton Food Group', 'biggest direct customer', 'regional distribution depots', 'meaningful customer experiences', 'EnterNext® Tech 40 indices', 'global automation platform', 'Convenience Trading Director', 'sustainable business connections', 'secure locker compartments', 'parcel solution offer', '230 Morrisons Daily stores', 'secure parcel lockers', 'Quadient parcel lockers', 'extensive network', 'fresh food', 'British farming', 'daily routines', 'c. 500 stores', 'franchise stores', 'Morrisons Morrisons', 'manufacturing business', 'wholesale business', 'Lockers Automation', 'Parcel Pending', 'parcel pickups', 'Royal Mail', 'Michael Weightman', 'broader range', 'positive impact', 'local roads', 'tangible benefit', 'additional purchases', 'greater flexibility', 'new opportunities', 'customers-driving footfall', 'shopping experience', 'store sales', 'pickup code', 'key markets', 'U.S.', 'long-term goal', 'rich history', 'William Morrison', 'butter stall', 'skilled colleagues', 'Just Eat', 'fresh meats', 'sweet pies', 'flower bouquets', 'physical channels', 'growth journey', 'operational efficiency', 'compartment B', 'CAC® Mid', 'PEA-PME investing', 'Dominic Walsh', 'Spark Communications', 'Quadient shares', 'Euronext Paris', 'consumer research', 'label printer', 'digital transformation', 'new partnership', 'barcode customers', 'Quadient®', 'QDT', 'spring', 'consumers', 'parcels', 'Evri', 'DPD', 'services', 'returns', 'options', 'people', 'businesses', 'instance', 'traffic', 'volume', 'retailers', 'half', 'drop-off', 'accessibility', 'communities', 'Europe', 'vision', 'collection', 'items', 'home', 'Japan', '25,000 units', 'company', '40,000 units', 'parcelpending', 'egg', 'Bradford', 'butchers', 'fishmongers', 'bakers', 'supermarkets', 'groceries', 'comfort', 'Amazon', 'Deliveroo', '18 sites', 'savoury', 'fruit', 'veg', 'bread', 'result', 'single', 'national', 'sizes', 'Small', 'information', 'sparkcomms']",2025-02-06,2025-02-18,finanznachrichten.de
48936,EuroNext,Bing API,https://www.thalesgroup.com/en/worldwide/aerospace/press_release/thales-and-sopra-steria-announce-strategic-partnership-enabling,Thales and Sopra Steria announce strategic partnership enabling digital transformation of European Air Traffic Management,Thales (Euronext Paris: HO)  a global high technology leader  and Sopra Steria (Euronext Paris: SOP)  a major player in the European Tech sector  announce a new multiyear partnership  which will lead the digital transformation of the Air Traffic Management (ATM) industry in Europe.,Thales and Sopra Steria announce strategic partnership enabling digital transformation of European Air Traffic Management Share this articleLinkedInThales and Sopra Steria form a strategic partnership to drive the digital transformation of the Air Traffic Management (ATM) ecosystem in Europe.The two companies will develop and offer a digital platform– OpenSky Platform - and associated services to support greener aviation.This ultra-secure  open-architecture platform offers long-term flexibility and interoperability for ANSPs (Air Navigation Service Providers) in Europe. This initiative by Thales and Sopra Steria supports the objectives of the latest European Air Traffic Management Master Plan to harmonize flight operations in Europe.© photographer Ralf MaassenParis  FRANCE – February 18  2025 – Thales (Euronext Paris: HO)  a global high technology leader  and Sopra Steria (Euronext Paris: SOP)  a major player in the European Tech sector  announce a new multiyear partnership  which will lead the digital transformation of the Air Traffic Management (ATM) industry in Europe. The two players will combine their industrial and digital expertise in ATM to offer Thales’ OpenSky Platform  a safe  secure digital platform  together with associated services to support sustainable aviation and modernise European ATM. Through its dedicated aerospace organisation  Aeroline  Sopra Steria will support Air Navigation Service Providers (ANSPs) with digital transformation challenges.The new version of the European ATM Master Plans aims to drive the digital transformation of ATM in Europe. ​ The Thales and Sopra Steria strategic partnership will support this new strategic direction for Europe  as well as enabling the migration to a new service delivery model for ANSPs.ATM systems need to support the continuous growth of air traffic  support ANSPs offer more sustainable aviation services  and be compliant with the latest safety and cybersecurity standards and requirements. This can be done by using open architectures and interfaces  to ensure that ANSPs have access to best-of-breed components  applications and systems over the long-term.Adopting open architectures in ATM enhances interoperability between third-party systems  drives cost efficiencies and facilitates the seamless integration of new technologies. The Thales OpenSky Platform is a fully open  cyber-secure platform which ensures that ANSPs are able to benefit from this digital transformation  without compromising the safety and security of ATM solutions.Thales and Sopra Steria aim to innovate together  in order to support the current and future challenges and transformation strategies of air traffic management.“This partnership aligns perfectly with Thales’ ambition to support the digital transformation of ATM in Europe. Achieving this transformation requires a strong focus on the resilience and cybersecurity of our platforms. Through this strategic partnership  Thales is extending its cybersecurity expertise and end-to-end digital transformation capabilities in the ATM sector.” said Christian Rivierre  VP Airspace Mobility Solutions  Thales.“This partnership with Thales enables us to offer our customers innovative  high-performance and secure solutions for air traffic management  by combining our air traffic management development strategy  as well as recognised expertise and assets throughout Europe.” commented Xavier PECQUET  member of Sopra Steria’s Executive Board and Director of Aeroline.About ThalesThales (Euronext Paris: HO) is a global leader in advanced technologies specialized in three business domains: Defence & Security  Aerospace  and Cyber & Digital.It develops products and solutions that help make the world safer  greener and more inclusive.The Group invests close to €4 billion a year in Research & Development  particularly in key innovation areas such as AI  cybersecurity  quantum technologies  cloud technologies and 6G.Thales has close to 81 000 employees in 68 countries. In 2023  the Group generated sales of €18.4 billion.About Sopra SteriaSopra Steria  one of Europe's leading players in the field of technology  with 52 000* employees in nearly 30 countries  is recognised for its consulting  services and digital solutions. It helps its customers drive their digital transformation and achieve tangible  lasting benefits. The Group provides a global response to the competitiveness challenges of large companies and organisations  combining in-depth knowledge of business sectors and technologies with a collaborative approach. Sopra Steria puts people at the heart of what it does and is committed to helping its customers make the most of digital technology to build a positive future. In 2023  the Group generated revenue of €5.8 billion.*Revalued following the disposal of Sopra Banking Software in September 2024.The world is how we shapeSopra Steria (SOP) is listed on Euronext Paris (Compartment A) - ISIN Code: FR0000050809For more information  visit our website at www.soprasteria.com/fr**Le monde est tel que nous le façonnons,neutral,0.02,0.98,0.0,positive,0.56,0.43,0.0,True,English,"['European Air Traffic Management', 'Sopra Steria', 'strategic partnership', 'digital transformation', 'Thales', 'latest European Air Traffic Management Master Plan', 'air traffic management development strategy', 'Air Navigation Service Providers', 'European ATM Master Plans', 'new service delivery model', 'VP Airspace Mobility Solutions', 'safe, secure digital platform', 'global high technology leader', 'The Thales OpenSky Platform', 'European Tech sector', 'Sopra Steria strategic partnership', 'ultra-secure, open-architecture platform', 'photographer Ralf Maassen', 'key innovation areas', 'tangible, lasting benefits', 'three business domains', 'new strategic direction', 'open, cyber-secure platform', 'Sopra Banking Software', 'dedicated aerospace organisation', 'new multiyear partnership', 'Thales’ OpenSky Platform', 'digital transformation capabilities', 'sustainable aviation services', 'digital transformation challenges', 'latest safety', 'global leader', 'secure solutions', 'new version', 'global response', 'new technologies', 'digital technology', 'business sectors', 'digital solutions', 'greener aviation', 'open architectures', 'future challenges', 'competitiveness challenges', 'ATM sector', 'transformation strategies', 'ATM solutions', 'two companies', 'long-term flexibility', 'flight operations', 'major player', 'two players', 'continuous growth', 'breed components', 'cost efficiencies', 'seamless integration', 'strong focus', 'Christian Rivierre', 'innovative, high-performance', 'Xavier PECQUET', 'Executive Board', 'The Group', 'leading players', 'consulting, services', 'large companies', 'depth knowledge', 'collaborative approach', 'positive future', 'Compartment A', 'ISIN Code', 'digital expertise', 'ATM) ecosystem', 'ATM) industry', 'Euronext Paris', 'advanced technologies', 'quantum technologies', 'cloud technologies', 'third-party systems', 'associated services', 'cybersecurity standards', 'ATM systems', 'Thales’ ambition', 'cybersecurity expertise', 'article', 'LinkedIn', 'interoperability', 'ANSPs', 'initiative', 'objectives', 'FRANCE', 'February', 'industrial', 'Aeroline', 'migration', 'requirements', 'interfaces', 'access', 'applications', 'order', 'current', 'resilience', 'platforms', 'end', 'customers', 'assets', 'member', 'Director', 'Defence', 'products', 'world', 'Research', '6G', '81,000 employees', '68 countries', 'sales', 'field', '52,000* employees', '30 countries', 'organisations', 'people', 'heart', 'revenue', 'disposal', 'September', 'information', 'website', 'soprasteria', 'monde']",2025-02-18,2025-02-18,thalesgroup.com
