UID,Searchword,API,URL,Title,Summary,Article,Title_Sentiment,Title_Positive,Title_Neutral,Title_Negative,Article_Sentiment,Article_Positive,Article_Neutral,Article_Negative,Verified,Language,Topics,Date,Load_Date,Source
34615,Euroclear,NewsApi.org,https://www.project-syndicate.org/commentary/seizing-russia-foreign-assets-could-help-fund-ukraine-reconstruction-by-joseph-e-stiglitz-and-andrew-kosenko-2024-01,Seizing Russia’s Frozen Assets Is the Right Move by Joseph E. Stiglitz & Andrew Kosenko,While policymakers in the United States and Europe are wary of using confiscated Russian assets to support Ukraine’s war effort and reconstruction  their concerns are  at best  misguided. Ukraine urgently needs these funds to win the war  and failing to make …,While policymakers in the United States and Europe are wary of using confiscated Russian assets to support Ukraine’s war effort and reconstruction  their concerns are  at best  misguided. Ukraine urgently needs these funds to win the war  and failing to make these resources available now is unconscionable.NEW YORK – As Russia’s war against Ukraine continues to wreak havoc both regionally and globally  the Ukrainian people and their allies demonstrate remarkable determination and courage. But nearly two years after Russia launched its full-scale invasion  it is increasingly clear that the international community can and must do much more to help.While the G7 countries and other governments around the world have been extraordinarily generous in supporting the Ukrainian war effort  there are signs of growing fatigue in some circles – a development Russia appears to have anticipated. With the United States and the European Union failing to commit more than $100 billion in aid to Ukraine in December  the idea of seizing Russian assets frozen by Western countries has re-emerged as a potential solution.Although seizing these assets would boost Ukrainian morale and finances  policymakers on both sides of the Atlantic are wary. As The New York Times recently reported  top US officials fear that setting such a precedent would deter other countries from depositing their funds at the New York Federal Reserve or holding them in dollars.But the concern that other governments might become wary of keeping their funds in the US for fear of future seizures overlooks some key points. Seizing Russia’s frozen assets would not affect other countries’ assets or change the incentives of governments that are not planning a major war. Moreover  by not seizing these funds  Western countries are signaling that governments waging brutal wars of aggression can violate international law and simultaneously benefit from it to escape the consequences of their actions. Instead  G7 leaders should send a clear message: no country can have it both ways. By deterring other bad actors from violating international law  such seizures could act as a peace-building measure.The supposed negative effect of seizing Russian assets on other countries’ willingness to deposit funds in the US and Europe  were it real  would have become apparent when these funds were frozen in early 2022. Notably  there has been no capital flight from the US or Europe. This is partly because there are few safe alternatives to the established financial system. Assuming that governments do become wary of keeping their assets in the US  Europe  or Japan  where else are they going to hold them? Even if they set aside concerns such as capital controls  would they feel more secure holding their money in  say  Chinese institutions?Moreover  while European and Japanese institutions might benefit if other potential “rogue” countries decided not to keep deposits in the US  the financial impact would be negligible. In fact  many economists argue that such capital inflows are a cost rather than a benefit. Since they lead to currency appreciation  the argument goes  they make it harder to export goods and compete with imports  thereby destroying jobs.Holiday Sale: Save $50 on all new PS subscriptions Holiday Sale: Save $50 on all new PS subscriptions Subscribe now to gain greater access to Project Syndicate – including every commentary and our entire On Point suite of subscriber-exclusive content – starting at just $34.99. Subscribe NowTo be sure  some financiers might face losses. But most of the funds held in the US are simply reserves deposited at the Fed  which do not directly benefit Wall Street. The same applies to Euroclear  the Belgian financial institution where the bulk of Russian assets are held.Another  related argument against asset seizure is that it can be carried out only once  because once it’s done  no country would leave its reserves or other assets in the US or the EU. But  even if true  the argument is not persuasive: a tool that cannot be used is essentially worthless  and there has never been a more appropriate time to use it than now.Ultimately  Russia must be held accountable. While Russia cannot fully compensate Ukraine for the devastation it has wrought  it should  at a minimum  pay for the physical damage and cover the costs of reconstruction. When an individual commits a tort – an act that harms another person – they are obligated to provide compensation. Often  individuals’ assets are seized to ensure that they fulfill this obligation. The same principle applies to countries. Although asset seizures are often complex undertakings  Russia’s case could prove to be the exception  given that the assets to be seized have already been frozen.Legal experts may argue that offering Kyiv loans and using the frozen assets as collateral is a better approach  since it would force Russia to choose between directly compensating Ukraine and forfeiting these funds. But such technicalities are best left to lawyers. The reality is that Ukraine needs the money now  the money is under Western control  and not using it to help Ukraine win this war and rebuild would be unconscionable. It is unreasonable to expect taxpayers and donors in Europe  the US  and Asia to bear the costs of Ukraine’s reconstruction when Russia itself could make a significant (albeit involuntary) contribution.But the specific use of the confiscated funds is a secondary concern. While 90% of the American security assistance allocated to Ukraine is spent in the US  the seized Russian assets could be used to support Ukrainian forces on the ground and finance the massive recovery effort.It should go without saying that seizing Russia’s frozen assets would not absolve the West of the responsibility to provide Ukraine with military aid; without victory  there can be no reconstruction. Nevertheless  the fact that rebuilding Ukraine could end up costing $1 trillion – more than three times the assets’ value – might mollify those who are still reluctant to use them to fund the reconstruction effort.Of course  no amount of money can ever undo the immense damage that Russia’s war of aggression has inflicted on Ukraine’s economy and its people. But the frozen Russian assets can be viewed as a down payment on the reparations that the Kremlin should eventually be compelled to pay.,neutral,0.22,0.6,0.18,negative,0.04,0.23,0.73,True,English,"['Joseph E. Stiglitz', 'Frozen Assets', 'Right Move', 'Andrew Kosenko', 'Russia', 'The New York Times', 'New York Federal Reserve', 'other potential “rogue” countries', 'new PS subscriptions', 'On Point suite', 'other bad actors', 'Belgian financial institution', 'other countries’ willingness', 'top US officials', 'other countries’ assets', 'Ukrainian war effort', 'potential solution', 'G7 countries', 'Western countries', 'other assets', 'Ukrainian people', 'Ukrainian morale', 'financial system', 'financial impact', 'other governments', 'United States', 'remarkable determination', 'full-scale invasion', 'international community', 'growing fatigue', 'key points', 'brutal wars', 'international law', 'G7 leaders', 'clear message', 'peace-building measure', 'negative effect', 'capital flight', 'safe alternatives', 'capital controls', 'Chinese institutions', 'Japanese institutions', 'many economists', 'capital inflows', 'currency appreciation', 'Holiday Sale', 'greater access', 'Project Syndicate', 'subscriber-exclusive content', 'Wall Street', 'asset seizure', 'appropriate time', 'physical damage', 'same principle', 'complex undertakings', 'Legal experts', 'Kyiv loans', 'major war', 'Russian assets', 'frozen assets', 'individuals’ assets', 'future seizures', 'European Union', 'related argument', 'policymakers', 'Ukraine', 'reconstruction', 'concerns', 'funds', 'resources', 'havoc', 'allies', 'courage', 'world', 'signs', 'circles', 'development', 'aid', 'December', 'idea', 'finances', 'sides', 'Atlantic', 'precedent', 'dollars', 'fear', 'incentives', 'aggression', 'consequences', 'actions', 'country', 'early', 'money', 'deposits', 'fact', 'cost', 'benefit', 'goods', 'imports', 'jobs', 'commentary', 'entire', 'financiers', 'losses', 'reserves', 'Euroclear', 'bulk', 'tool', 'devastation', 'minimum', 'pay', 'tort', 'person', 'compensation', 'obligation', 'case', 'exception', 'collateral', 'approach', 'technicalities', 'lawyers', 'reality']",2024-01-04,2024-01-05,project-syndicate.org
34616,Euroclear,NewsApi.org,https://www.nakedcapitalism.com/2024/01/russian-asset-seizure-scheming-eu-and-euro-as-us-war-proxies-would-take-most-risk-usd-assets-only-4-6-billion.html,Russian Asset Seizure Scheming: EU and Euro as US War Proxies Would Take Most Risk; USD Assets Only $4.6 Billion,Addressing wide-of-the-mark commentary on the latest too-clever Western idea. of stealing the $300 billion in Russian central bank assets.,It is disappointing to see anti-globalist commentators who normally give astute commentary distort a story by force-fitting it into their existing framework  here the decline of the dollar. The widely-told tale  based on a Financial Times story  is that a paper by US officials to try to build G-7 consensus on appropriating the $300 billion of Russian central bank assets frozen in Western countries participating in the sanctions would be devastating to the dollar if its ideas were implemented. In fact  as the very same article showed  these assets are overwhelmingly Euro assets  in the hands of European depositaries and banks.Moreover  the pink paper made clear that EU finance officials and bankers  particularly in France and Germany  which have big exposures  are leery of this type of US adventurism. And it’s not as if every US idea for aggression against Russia gets done  such as the $60 billon of spending stalled in the House.1 Recall the flop of a NATO summit last summer at Ramstein  where there was much discussion in advance of increased commitments to Project Ukraine. In light of that  it’s not hard to see the latest US ploy as an effort to change the topic from “And what happened to all the reconstruction funds you promises?” Remember that Penny Pritzker is in charge of the initiative to round up investor monies to rebuild Ukraine  with BlackRock in a leading role.2 On her last trip to Kiev  she effectively told Ukraine not to expect much from the US. From Ukrainska Pravda in November:Penny Pritzker  US Special Representative for Ukraine’s Recovery  has suggested that officials imagine how the country could survive economically without US aid during her first visit to Ukraine…. Ukrainska Pravda stated that her first visit to Ukraine had left “a rather disturbing aftertaste in many government offices” here. One of the sources  familiar with the course of Pritzker’s meetings  said that she tried to “lead [them] to the idea” of how Ukraine could survive economically without American aid. Quote from the source: “At the meetings  Penny tried to get people to think  like  let’s imagine that there is no American aid: what do you need to do over the next year to make sure that your economy can survive even in this situation? And it really stressed everyone out.”Now to turn to December 20 Financial Times article  The legal case for seizing Russia’s assets  which I confess to not reading at the time due other distractions and assuming it was accurately reported elsewhere  so there was no point in my weighing in late. Ooopsie!One issue commentators stomped on  correctly  was the absurd pretext for an asset grab  that these would amount to reparations. But reparations  in the context of war  are paid by losers for the damage done. This war is not over (so in legal terms  the matter is not ripe). And more important  does anyone think Russia will lose  absent a black swan event or not credible redefining of terms? The Financial Times describes the latest attempt at a justification was a “countermeasure”. But again  the direct precedent suggested was “compensation” after Iraq invaded Kuwait…and then the US subjugated Iraq in Project Desert Storm.But as for who would be most likely to be severely damaged with this sort of plundering  it’s the EU and Euro due to them accounting for the vast majority of exposures. Yes  Russia would probably make sure the US also suffered consequences  particularly given its role as presumed instigator  although Ursuala von der Leyen has made “Seize  not freeze” part of her brand. But it is European institutions who control the vast majority of the holdings  and they can’t pretend not to be independent actors (it’s not as if the EU depends on the US financially  as it does militarily with NATO). From the Financial Times:About €260bn of Moscow’s central bank assets were immobilised last year in G7 countries  the EU and Australia  according to a European Commission document seen by the Financial Times. The bulk of this — some €210bn — is held in the EU  including cash and government bonds denominated in euro  dollar and other currencies. The US by comparison has only frozen a small amount of Russian state assets: some $5bn  according to people briefed on the G7 talks. Within Europe  the bulk of the assets — about €191bn — are held at Euroclear  a central securities depository headquartered in Belgium. France has immobilised the second-largest amount  some €19bn  according to the French finance ministry. Other holdings are far smaller  with Germany holding about €210mn  according to people briefed on the figures.A December Reuters story paints a similar picture  but is based on start of 2022 figures from the Russian central bank. The disparity between the total in dollars versus the total held in the US is likely due to the Russian central bank holding dollar balances in non-G7 central banks  such as Switzerland. From Reuters:At that time  Russia’s central bank held around $207 billion in euro assets  $67 billion in U.S. dollar assets and $37 billion in British pound assets. It also had holdings comprising $36 billion of Japanese yen  $19 billion in Canadian dollars  $6 billion in Australian dollars and $1.8 billion in Singapore dollars. Its Swiss franc holdings were about $1 billion.So oddly  the Financial Times (presumably following the US concept paper) did not cite the British pound assets  which at least at the start of 2022  were bigger than the amount of dollar assets supposedly held by the US. So if this is directionally correct (UK banks now hold more in Russian frozen assets than US banks too)  the UK is also volunteering to go ahead of the US in the “shoot yourself” line.Note the Reuters story mentions Swiss Franc holdings of $1 billion equivalent; the Financial Times chart  which admits to being “known” as in potentially incomplete  shows a Swiss total of %7.8 billion. That means at least $6.8 billion in non-Suisse assets. It is conceivable that the Swiss dollar holdings are as large as the dollar holdings in US banks.So where might the other dollars be? Recall there was a brief flurry of reporting a way back that (mumble  shuffle) the Western power actually could find only part of the $300 billionish that they’d frozen. That talk stopped and the story reverted to the notion that the Western powers indeed had $300 billion  as in how they’d supposedly lost and then miraculously found the missing assets was never explained.Recall also that when the sanctions were impose  the rouble tanked to about 120 to the dollar. The Russian central bank engaged in stabilizing transactions to push it up. How could the central bank have done that  as in sold dollars to buy roubles if its assets were frozen? Presuambly nearly all its dollar assets were in institutions participating in the sanctions. This suggests  as we said at the time. that in fact the money was not all properly locked up when the sanctions announced and Russia was able to access  as in sell or move  a part of it. That could apply just as well to that at least once $37 billion worth of sterling assets  that Russia was able to extract some because the sanctions weren’t applied as hard and fast as they were supposed to have been.The Financial Times article cites legal experts who point out that plenty of countries have grievances with others  and “countermeasures” are generally used to try to change behavior  not impose damages. Further  as most people know or intuit  bank assets  particularly central bank assets  are perceived to be in safe custody when placed with a foreign depositary. Recall the consternation in the US when Wells Fargo was caught out pilfering from depositor accounts. Even though the stealing was nickel and dime level across many many accounts  the press official reaction was fury. This is the same principle  just on a different scale.Now it is true that the US making off even with a mere $4.6 billion of Russian holdings would such a bad precedent that it could make many investors leery of holding dollar assets. But again  it is EU states that would be putting themselves on the firing line. Again from the Financial Times:The ECB earlier this year warned member states of the risk of undermining the “legal and economic foundations” on which the international role of the euro rests. “The implications could be substantial ” it said  according to an internal EU note. It warned the bloc of the risks of acting alone and recommended for any action to be taken as part of a broad international coalition. One EU diplomat said: “Every major euro-denominated economy is treading very carefully on this because of the potential effects for the euro and for foreign investment and clearing in euro.”… Officials are aiming for a consensus among G7 countries to seize the assets  but France  Germany and Italy remain extremely cautious. European officials fear possible retaliation if state immunity is undermined. One noted the US holds only a very small amount of Russian central bank assets by comparison. “From an EU perspective we have much more to lose ” the EU official said.The late December Reuters article suggests Russia has the means to retaliate directly:Some Russian officials have suggested that if Russian assets are confiscated then foreign investors’ assets stuck in special so-called type “C” accounts in Russia could face the same fate. Some foreign assets were effectively locked in the C accounts. It is not clear exactly how much money is in these accounts but Russian officials have said it is comparable to the $300 billion of Russian reserves frozen. Finance Minister Anton Siluanov said last week that there were significant funds on the C accounts. Kremlin spokesman Dmitry Peskov told reporters last week that Russia would challenge any confiscation in the courts. “If something is confiscated from us  we will look at what we will confiscate ” Peskov said. “We will do this immediately.”Given that some recent bright US ideas  such as Operation Prosperity Guardian  quickly became an embarrassment  says that US incompetence and over-reach have suddenly become glaringly obvious to its allies. That plus US loss of moral stature over its refusal to check Israel’s slaughter of Palestinians should help give Europeans the needed backbone to resist being put in financial harm’s way to damage Russia…even before getting to the wee complication that the last big effort to harm Russia economically boomeranged.One lost big ticket proxy war should be enough of a lesson for Europe. Perhaps Europeans have a saying like the Yankee staple  “Fool me once  shame on thee  fool me twice  shame on me.”___1 The irony here is the spending in that bill is largely to replenish weapons sent to Ukraine  as in it is really a direct transfer to the military-surveillance complex. But Ukraine has become so toxic in some circles that even an arms pork bill dressed up as a Ukraine spending bill can’t get done. The flip side is with the Middle East hotting up and China still very much an object of US negative affection  it’s not as if defense contractors have to worry where their meal ticket is coming from.2 Why BlackRock is beyond me  since BlackRock runs funds that overwhelmingly invest in liquid securities; it isn’t in the top 10 of infrastructure investors  which would be the germane market  and its position fell in 2023 versus 2022.,negative,0.03,0.28,0.69,mixed,0.07,0.24,0.7,True,English,"['Russian Asset Seizure Scheming', 'US War Proxies', 'Most Risk', 'USD Assets', 'EU', 'Ursuala von der Leyen', 'A December Reuters story', 'December 20 Financial Times article', 'U.S. dollar assets', 'Russian central bank assets', 'black swan event', 'central securities depository', 'French finance ministry', 'Russian state assets', 'many government offices', 'One issue commentators', 'Project Desert Storm', 'British pound assets', 'European Commission document', 'Financial Times story', 'The Financial Times', 'US Special Representative', 'G7 central banks', 'latest US ploy', 'EU finance officials', 'same article', 'anti-globalist commentators', 'latest attempt', 'government bonds', 'European depositaries', 'European institutions', 'G7 countries', 'G7 talks', 'The US', 'astute commentary', 'existing framework', 'told tale', 'G-7 consensus', 'Western countries', 'reconstruction funds', 'investor monies', 'last trip', 'Ukrainska Pravda', 'first visit', 'disturbing aftertaste', 'American aid', 'next year', 'legal case', 'other distractions', 'absurd pretext', 'asset grab', 'credible redefining', 'direct precedent', 'vast majority', 'independent actors', 'other currencies', 'small amount', 'second-largest amount', 'similar picture', 'Euro assets', 'dollar balances', 'US officials', 'US adventurism', 'US aid', 'Project Ukraine', 'pink paper', 'big exposures', 'NATO summit', 'leading role', 'legal terms', 'Other holdings', 'Penny Pritzker', 'US idea', 'decline', 'sanctions', 'ideas', 'fact', 'hands', 'bankers', 'France', 'Germany', 'type', 'aggression', '$60 billon', 'spending', 'House', 'flop', 'Ramstein', 'discussion', 'advance', 'commitments', 'light', 'effort', 'topic', 'charge', 'initiative', 'BlackRock', 'Kiev', 'November', 'Recovery', 'country', 'sources', 'course', 'meetings', 'Quote', 'people', 'economy', 'situation', 'everyone', 'point', 'weighing', 'Ooopsie', 'reparations', 'context', 'war', 'losers', 'damage', 'matter', 'justification', 'countermeasure', 'compensation', 'Iraq', 'Kuwait', 'sort', 'plundering', 'consequences', 'instigator', 'part', 'brand', 'Moscow', 'Australia', 'bulk', 'cash', 'comparison', 'Euroclear', 'Belgium', 'figures', 'start', 'disparity', 'total', 'dollars', 'Switzerland']",2024-01-04,2024-01-05,nakedcapitalism.com
34617,Deutsche Boerse,Bing API,https://seekingalpha.com/article/4661384-deutsche-boerse-recent-events-support-growth-prospects,Deutsche Börse Stock: Recent Events Support Growth Prospects,Deutsche Boerse's positive operating performance and recent acquisition of SimCorp fuel its growth prospects  driven by revenue growth. Click here to read.,Thomas LohnesDeutsche Börse AG (OTCPK:DBOEY) has reported a positive operating performance in recent quarters  plus its recent acquisition of SimCorp improves its long-term growth prospects. Despite this  its valuation remains attractive  making it a good growth play in the European financial sector.As I've covered in a previous article  Deutsche Boerse's growth prospects over the long term are quite strong within the European financial sector  making it an interesting growth play. Since then  its shares have performed relatively well  up by more than 16%  but very close to the overall stock market during the same period.Article performance (Seeking Alpha)In this article  I update its most recent financial performance and investment case  to see if it remains an interesting growth play or not for long-term investors.Recent EventsDuring the first nine months of 2023  Deutsche Börse has maintained a positive operating momentum  supported by strong volumes in the capital markets. Indeed  the higher interest rate volatility in recent quarters has been an important support for its revenues  given that Deutsche Boerse has sizable exposure to derivatives linked to German government bonds.While for many years interest rates in Europe remained quite low and volatility was not high  this market backdrop has changed considerably due to the inflationary environment over the past couple of years and rising interest rates in Europe since mid-2022  being a strong tailwind for higher transaction volumes related to interest rate derivatives.Even though Deutsche Boerse's strategy has been focused on business diversification over the past few years  its Trading & Clearing unit still accounts for about half of its revenue  making it still quite exposed to transaction volumes in the capital markets.Due to this background  the company was able to report revenue growth of 15% YoY during the first nine months of 2023  to more than €3.6 billion. This growth is explained by some 6% due to structural growth and 9% is related to cyclical factors  driven by higher interest rates in Securities and Fund services and higher volumes in the derivatives trading unit.Despite inflationary pressures and higher expenses  including staff costs and investments  leading to organic cost growth of 8% YoY  its EBITDA increased by 14% YoY to €2.19 billion  showing that Deutsche Boerse was able to protect its profitability level during a period of strong pressure on overall costs.Financial Performance (Deutsche Boerse)Since my previous coverage on Deutsche Boerse  the company has announced and completed the acquisition of SimCorp  a Danish investment management software company  for about €3.9 billion. This acquisition enables Deutsche Boerse to expand its Investment Management solutions  being a good complement to its Data business. This acquisition fits well into its strategy to diversify its business and have a higher share of recurring revenues over the long term.This transaction was an all-cash offer to SimCorp shareholders  supported by the company's management board  and was completed last October. SlimCorp has reported compounded annual revenue growth of about 10% over the past five years and some 60% of its annual revenues are recurring  making it a good fit within Deutsche Boerse's group.Due to this significant acquisition and Deutsche Boerse's good operating momentum  the company raised its full-year guidance to revenues of about €5 billion (+18% YoY) and EBITDA of some €2.9 billion  comparing well with its initial guidance of €4.6 billion in revenues and €2.7 billion EBITDA.Beyond its recent financial performance and the SimCorp acquisition  another important event was its investor day back in November  when Deutsche Boerse presented its updated strategy for the next three years.The company's strategy remains focused on business diversification and growth in segments not related to trading  expecting to grow its business mainly organically. Indeed  after the recent acquisition of SimCorp  Deutsche Boerse's strategy is to integrate this business into its Investment Management solutions and achieve both revenue and cost synergies in the coming years  being its expected major growth driver in the near future.Segment revenue (Deutsche Boerse)Regarding its main financial targets  Deutsche Boerse aims to grow its revenues by about 10% annually from 2022-26  of which 7% comes from organic growth and 3% from the acquisition of SimCorp. This means its 2026 target is to achieve annual revenues of some €6.4 billion  which compares to about €5 billion expected in 2023.Regarding costs and investments  Deutsche Boerse expects to increase costs by 5% annually and make capital expenditures of €300-400 million per year in infrastructure  which means its business margins should improve slightly during this period and cash flow  but free cash flow is expected to be impacted negatively by its capex needs.Due to its expected investments in the coming years  Deutsche Boerse has revised downwards its capital return policy  expecting to distribute between 30-40% of its annual earnings to shareholders (vs. 40% expected in 2023)  but still targeting a growing dividend during this period.While this is negative for its share price in the near term  Deutsche Boerse has historically distributed a relatively small dividend and its yield has not been fantastic. Thus  its income appeal should remain rather low and the company's investment case is expected to remain mostly geared to growth rather than income over the next few years.Indeed  its last annual dividend related to 2022 earnings was €3.60 per share and is expected to increase to €4.20 related to 2023 earnings  representing a dividend payout ratio of some 44%. At Deutsche Boerse's current share price  its forward dividend yield is about 2.3%  which is not particularly attractive compared to other stocks in the European financial sector  or even compared to other fixed-income alternatives  such as time deposits or bonds.In addition to dividends  depending on the company's liquidity position and financial profile  it also aims to perform share buybacks occasionally  if it makes sense taking into account its capital management framework. Indeed  it has decided to start a €300 million share buyback program in Q1 2024  which represents less than 1% of its current market value and is not likely to be a major support for its share price in the short term.ConclusionDeutsche Boerse remains an interesting growth play within the European financial sector  supported by strong secular growth drivers and also a positive cyclical performance in recent quarters. Its recent acquisition of SimCorp seems to be a good fit for its business and gives Deutsche Boerse a new growth driver in the asset management solutions segment  improving its long-term growth prospects.Regarding its valuation  Deutsche Boerse is currently trading at about 18x forward earnings  a similar multiple compared to last March  as its share price has increased more or less in line with earnings growth. This valuation continues to compare favorably with its own historical average and its closest peers  which trade at more than 20x earnings  thus Deutsche Boerse remains a good growth pick in the European financial sector.Editor's Note: This article discusses one or more securities that do not trade on a major U.S. exchange. Please be aware of the risks associated with these stocks.,neutral,0.09,0.9,0.01,mixed,0.64,0.26,0.1,True,English,"['Deutsche Börse Stock', 'Recent Events', 'Growth Prospects', 'Danish investment management software company', 'Deutsche Börse AG', 'higher interest rate volatility', 'Investment Management solutions', 'first nine months', 'positive operating momentum', 'German government bonds', 'European financial sector', 'interest rate derivatives', 'main financial targets', 'rising interest rates', 'good operating momentum', 'positive operating performance', 'higher interest rates', 'major growth driver', 'capital return policy', 'overall stock market', 'next three years', 'good growth play', 'free cash flow', 'interesting growth play', 'recent financial performance', 'long-term growth prospects', 'organic cost growth', 'past five years', 'higher transaction volumes', 'derivatives trading unit', 'annual revenue growth', 'investment case', 'management board', 'higher volumes', 'organic growth', 'higher expenses', 'good complement', 'higher share', 'long-term investors', 'market backdrop', 'Clearing unit', 'cost synergies', 'cash offer', 'structural growth', 'recent quarters', 'Recent Events', 'Article performance', 'strong volumes', 'capital markets', 'capital expenditures', 'Deutsche Boerse', 'Thomas Lohnes', 'long term', 'important support', 'sizable exposure', 'many years', 'inflationary environment', 'past couple', 'strong tailwind', 'cyclical factors', 'Fund services', 'inflationary pressures', 'profitability level', 'strong pressure', 'overall costs', 'previous coverage', 'full-year guidance', 'initial guidance', 'important event', 'coming years', 'near future', 'capex needs', 'Segment revenue', 'recent acquisition', 'annual revenues', 'previous article', 'business diversification', 'Data business', 'business margins', 'staff costs', 'significant acquisition', 'recurring revenues', 'same period', 'SimCorp shareholders', '€2.7 billion EBITDA', 'expected investments', 'updated strategy', 'SimCorp acquisition', 'OTCPK', 'DBOEY', 'valuation', 'shares', 'Alpha', 'mid-20', 'half', 'background', '15% YoY', 'Securities', '8% YoY', '14% YoY', 'SlimCorp', 'group', 'November', 'segments', '2026 target', 'infrastructure']",2024-01-05,2024-01-05,seekingalpha.com
34618,Deutsche Boerse,Bing API,https://www.boersen-zeitung.de/english/tightrope-act-with-deutsche-telekom,Tightrope act with Deutsche Telekom,Additional privatization measures for Deutsche Post and Deutsche Telekom should be contemplated not only due to the federal government's financial constraints. But these initiatives also entail risks ,"The year-end rally in the stock market poses a certain appeal. The Deutsche Post share has almost completely recovered from the sharp setback in the third quarter compared to the high in August and is trading around a quarter higher than at the beginning of the year. The federal share  which is completely managed by KfW (20.5%)  currently has a market value of 11 billion euros. To mobilize the planned 12.5 billion euros for the railway investments  a significant portion of the Deutsche Post package is expected to be divested – with the remaining amount to be raised through the sale of ""T-shares"". The federal government still holds 13.8% directly and 16.6% via KfW in Deutsche Telekom.",neutral,0.01,0.98,0.01,negative,0.04,0.34,0.62,True,English,"['Tightrope act', 'Deutsche Telekom', 'The Deutsche Post share', 'Deutsche Post package', 'federal share', 'Deutsche Telekom', 'year-end rally', 'stock market', 'sharp setback', 'third quarter', 'market value', '11 billion euros', '12.5 billion euros', 'railway investments', 'significant portion', 'remaining amount', 'federal government', 'appeal', 'August', 'beginning', 'KfW', 'sale', 'T-shares']",2024-01-05,2024-01-05,boersen-zeitung.de
34619,Deutsche Boerse,Bing API,https://news.europawire.eu/xetra-golds-gold-holdings-decrease-by-31-5-tonnes-in-2023-remains-a-long-term-investment-choice/eu-press-release/2024/01/05/09/43/18/127699/,Xetra-Gold’s Gold Holdings Decrease by 31.5 Tonnes in 2023  Remains a Long-term Investment Choice,Gold  Europe's largest physically backed gold security  decreased to 198.7 tonnes by the end of 2023  marking a 31.5-t,(IN BRIEF) The gold holdings of Xetra-Gold  Europe’s largest physically backed gold security  decreased to 198.7 tonnes by the end of 2023  marking a 31.5-tonne reduction over the year. Despite short-term yield opportunities and a record-high gold price in euros  the issuer Deutsche Börse Commodities GmbH emphasizes that gold remains an attractive long-term investment with a stable value. Xetra-Gold is the fifth-largest gold ETF globally and continues to provide investors with the opportunity to hold and redeem physical gold  offering assets under custody of €11.9 billion as of year-end 2023.(PRESS RELEASE) FRANKFURT  5-Jan-2024 — /EuropaWire/ — The gold holdings of the exchange-traded bearer bond Xetra-Gold (ISIN: DE000A0S9GB0) decreased to 198.7 tonnes at the end of the year 2023. This is a reduction of 31.5 tonnes over the course of the year. At the beginning of 2023  the volume was at 230.2 tonnes of gold. On a five-year view  there is an increase of 9.1 tonnes.“The way our gold holdings have developed in 2023 is caused by a normal reaction of investors to the market environment. The turnaround in interest rates has created new  short-term yield opportunities. In addition  the gold price in euros was higher than ever before. In our view  however  gold remains an interesting long-term investment with a stable value and is an essential addition to any well-structured portfolio”  says Michael König  Managing Director of Deutsche Börse Commodities GmbH  the issuer of Xetra-Gold.Xetra-Gold is the fifth-largest gold ETC in the world and the leading physically backed gold security in Europe. Xetra-Gold holdings always increase whenever investors buy Xetra-Gold shares on the stock markets. For each share certificate  exactly one gram of gold is deposited in the central vault. Xetra-Gold’s assets under custody amounted to €11.9 billion at the end of the year.Xetra-Gold investors are entitled to the delivery of the securitised physical gold. Since the launch of Xetra-Gold in 2007  investors have made use of this right 1 819 times. To date  7.9 tonnes of gold have been delivered.In September 2015  the German Federal Fiscal Court determined that gains from the sale or redemption of Xetra-Gold after a minimum holding period of one year would not be subject to withholding tax. Thus  the purchase and redemption or selling of Xetra-Gold is to be assessed for tax purposes as a direct purchase and sale of physical gold – such as gold bars or gold coins.Xetra-Gold is issued by Deutsche Börse Commodities GmbH  a joint venture of Deutsche Börse AG and Commerzbank AG  Deutsche Bank AG  DZ Bank AG Deutsche Zentral-Genossenschaftsbank  B. Metzler seel. Sohn & Co. AG and Vontobel Beteiligungen AG. Umicore AG & Co. KG  a group subsidiary of Umicore S.A.  is also involved.Further information can be found at www.xetra-gold.com.About Xetra-GoldXetra-Gold® (ISIN: DE000A0S9GB0) is a bearer bond issued by Deutsche Börse Commodities GmbH  100 percent backed by gold  which securitizes a delivery claim to physical gold. Each individual Xetra-Gold note grants the investor the right to require the issuer to deliver one gram of gold. For Xetra-Gold notes  the Issuer maintains a corresponding amount of gold in physical form and  to a limited extent  in the form of book gold claims. In the form of a security  Xetra-Gold is fungible and as easily transferable as a share. In addition to Germany  Xetra-Gold is authorized for public distribution in Denmark  Finland  Luxembourg  the Netherlands  Norway  Austria  Sweden and the United Kingdom. The complete and legally binding information on the Xetra-Gold bearer bonds can be found in the key information document and the prospectus together with any supplements and the terms and conditions of issue. Investors can obtain these documents free of charge from Deutsche Börse Commodities GmbH  Mergenthalerallee 61  65760 Eschborn  Germany  or download them from www.xetra-gold.com/downloads.About Deutsche Börse Commodities GmbHThe Xetra-Gold Issuer Deutsche Börse Commodities GmbH with its registered office in Eschborn is a joint venture of B. Metzler seel. Sohn & Co. AG  Commerzbank Aktiengesellschaft  Deutsche Bank AG  Deutsche Börse AG  DZ Bank AG Deutsche Zentral-Genossenschaftsbank  Frankfurt am Main  Umicore AG & Co. KG and Vontobel Beteiligungen AG. Umicore AG & Co. KG is a subsidiary of Umicore S.A.  which operates several gold refineries worldwide and produces gold bars. The issuer’s sole business purpose is to provide the market with the 100 percent gold backed Xetra-Gold bond and to enable efficient  transparent and cost-effective trading of this physical form of gold securitisation.Media Contact:media-relations@deutsche-boerse.comSOURCE: Deutsche Börse Group,neutral,0.06,0.94,0.01,positive,0.74,0.24,0.01,True,English,"['Long-term Investment Choice', 'Gold Holdings', 'Xetra-Gold', '31.5 Tonnes', 'The Xetra-Gold Issuer Deutsche Börse Commodities GmbH', 'Deutsche Börse Group', 'Deutsche Börse AG', 'German Federal Fiscal Court', 'new, short-term yield opportunities', 'B. Metzler seel', 'Deutsche Bank AG', 'attractive long-term investment', 'interesting long-term investment', 'Michael König', 'minimum holding period', 'sole business purpose', 'DZ Bank AG', 'Vontobel Beteiligungen AG', 'legally binding information', 'key information document', 'Umicore S.A.', 'exchange-traded bearer bond', 'Frankfurt am Main', 'fifth-largest gold ETF', 'largest gold ETC', 'book gold claims', 'several gold refineries', 'individual Xetra-Gold note', '100 percent gold backed', 'record-high gold price', 'Xetra-Gold bearer bonds', 'backed gold security', 'Deutsche Zentral-Genossenschaftsbank', 'Umicore AG', 'Commerzbank AG', 'Co. AG', 'physically backed', 'Further information', 'group subsidiary', 'Xetra-Gold bond', 'IN BRIEF', 'stable value', 'PRESS RELEASE', 'normal reaction', 'interest rates', 'Managing Director', 'stock markets', 'one gram', 'central vault', 'withholding tax', 'tax purposes', 'joint venture', 'Co. KG', 'corresponding amount', 'limited extent', 'public distribution', 'United Kingdom', 'registered office', 'Commerzbank Aktiengesellschaft', 'efficient, transparent', 'cost-effective trading', 'Media Contact', 'gold holdings', 'physical gold', 'gold bars', 'gold coins', 'gold securitisation', 'Xetra-Gold shares', 'Xetra-Gold notes', '31.5-tonne reduction', 'five-year view', 'market environment', 'share certificate', 'direct purchase', 'delivery claim', 'physical form', 'essential addition', 'one year', 'Xetra-Gold investors', 'Xetra-Gold®', 'Europe', '198.7 tonnes', 'end', 'euros', 'opportunity', 'assets', 'custody', 'ISIN', 'DE000A0S9GB', '31.5 tonnes', 'course', 'beginning', 'volume', '230.2 tonnes', 'increase', '9.1 tonnes', 'turnaround', 'portfolio', 'world', 'launch', 'use', 'right', 'date', '7.9 tonnes', 'September', 'gains', 'sale', 'redemption', 'selling', 'Sohn', 'Germany', 'Denmark', 'Finland', 'Luxembourg', 'Netherlands', 'Norway', 'Austria', 'Sweden', 'complete', 'prospectus', 'supplements', 'terms', 'conditions', 'documents', 'charge', 'Mergenthalerallee', '65760 Eschborn', 'relations', 'deutsche-boerse', 'SOURCE']",2024-01-05,2024-01-05,news.europawire.eu
34620,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2024/01/04/2803747/0/en/Share-Buyback-Transaction-Details-January-2-3-2024.html,Share Buyback Transaction Details January 2 – 3  2024,Share Buyback Transaction Details January 2 – 3  2024      January 4  2024 - Wolters Kluwer (Euronext: WKL)  a global leading provider of expert......,Share Buyback Transaction Details January 2 – 3  2024January 4  2024 - Wolters Kluwer (Euronext: WKL)  a global leading provider of expert solutions  insights and services for professionals  today reports that it has repurchased 45 000 of its own ordinary shares in the period from January 2  2024  up to and including January 3  2024  for €5.7 million and at an average share price of €127.73.These repurchases are part of the share buyback program announced on November 1  2023  under which we intend to repurchase shares for €100 million during the period starting January 2  2024  up to and including February 19  2024.The cumulative amounts repurchased to date under this program are as follows:Share Buyback 2024Period Cumulative shares repurchased in period Total consideration(€ million) Average share price(€) 2024 to date 45 000 5.7 127.73For the above-mentioned period  we have engaged a third party to execute €100 million of buybacks on our behalf  within the limits of relevant laws and regulations (in particular Regulation (EU) 596/2014) and the company’s Articles of Association.Repurchased shares are added to and held as treasury shares and will be used for capital reduction purposes or to meet obligations arising from share-based incentive plans.Further information is available on our website:About Wolters KluwerWolters Kluwer (EURONEXT: WKL) is a global leader in information  software  and services for professionals in healthcare  tax and accounting  financial and corporate compliance  legal and regulatory  and corporate performance and ESG. We help our customers make critical decisions every day by providing expert solutions that combine deep domain knowledge with specialized technology and services.Wolters Kluwer reported 2022 annual revenues of €5.5 billion. The group serves customers in over 180 countries  maintains operations in over 40 countries  and employs approximately 20 900 people worldwide. The company is headquartered in Alphen aan den Rijn  the Netherlands.Wolters Kluwer shares are listed on Euronext Amsterdam (WKL) and are included in the AEX and Euronext 100 indices. Wolters Kluwer has a sponsored Level 1 American Depositary Receipt (ADR) program. The ADRs are traded on the over-the-counter market in the U.S. (WTKWY).For more information  visit www.wolterskluwer.com  follow us on LinkedIn  Twitter  Facebook  and YouTube.Media Investors/Analysts Paul Lyon Meg Geldens External Communications Investor Relations t + 44 20 3197 6586 t + 31 172 641 407 press@wolterskluwer.com ir@wolterskluwer.comForward-looking Statements and Other Important Legal InformationThis report contains forward-looking statements. These statements may be identified by words such as “expect”  “should”  “could”  “shall” and similar expressions. Wolters Kluwer cautions that such forward-looking statements are qualified by certain risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results and events to differ materially from what is contemplated by the forward-looking statements. Factors which could cause actual results to differ from these forward-looking statements may include  without limitation  general economic conditions; conditions in the markets in which Wolters Kluwer is engaged; behavior of customers  suppliers  and competitors; technological developments; the implementation and execution of new ICT systems or outsourcing; and legal  tax  and regulatory rules affecting Wolters Kluwer’s businesses  as well as risks related to mergers  acquisitions  and divestments. In addition  financial risks such as currency movements  interest rate fluctuations  liquidity  and credit risks could influence future results. The foregoing list of factors should not be construed as exhaustive. Wolters Kluwer disclaims any intention or obligation to publicly update or revise any forward-looking statements  whether as a result of new information  future events or otherwise.This press release contains information which is to be made publicly available under Regulation (EU) 596/2014.Attachment,neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,negative,0.01,0.34,0.64,True,English,"['Share Buyback Transaction Details', 'Analysts Paul Lyon Meg Geldens External Communications Investor Relations', 'Alphen aan den Rijn', 'Level 1 American Depositary Receipt', 'Share Buyback Transaction Details', 'Other Important Legal Information', 'average share price', 'capital reduction purposes', 'share-based incentive plans', 'deep domain knowledge', 'interest rate fluctuations', 'global leading provider', 'new ICT systems', 'share buyback program', 'general economic conditions', 'Wolters Kluwer shares', 'Period Cumulative shares', 'cumulative amounts', 'global leader', 'new information', 'ordinary shares', 'Repurchased shares', 'treasury shares', 'expert solutions', 'Total consideration', 'third party', 'relevant laws', 'corporate compliance', 'corporate performance', 'critical decisions', 'specialized technology', '2022 annual revenues', 'ADR) program', 'counter market', 'U.S.', 'Media Investors', 'similar expressions', 'actual results', 'technological developments', 'currency movements', 'future results', 'foregoing list', 'press release', 'Forward-looking Statements', 'Further information', 'Euronext Amsterdam', 'Euronext 100 indices', 'regulatory rules', 'credit risks', 'future events', 'financial risks', 'January', 'WKL', 'insights', 'services', 'professionals', 'repurchases', 'November', 'February', 'date', 'buybacks', 'behalf', 'limits', 'regulations', 'particular', 'company', 'Articles', 'Association', 'obligations', 'website', 'software', 'healthcare', 'tax', 'accounting', 'ESG', 'customers', 'group', '180 countries', 'operations', '40 countries', '20,900 people', 'Netherlands', 'AEX', 'ADRs', 'WTKWY', 'wolterskluwer', 'LinkedIn', 'Twitter', 'Facebook', 'YouTube', 'report', 'words', 'uncertainties', 'Factors', 'limitation', 'markets', 'behavior', 'suppliers', 'competitors', 'implementation', 'execution', 'outsourcing', 'businesses', 'mergers', 'acquisitions', 'divestments', 'addition', 'liquidity', 'intention', 'Attachment', '€', '31']",2024-01-04,2024-01-05,globenewswire.com
34621,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.investorsobserver.com/news/qm-pr/8411780126541331,Innate Pharma Announces U.S. FDA Lifts Partial Clinical Hold on Lacutamab Clinical Program,FDA lifts partial clinical hold on lacutamab clinical program             Fatal case related to disease progression and unrelated to the treatment               Regulatory News:     Innate Pharma SA (Euronext Paris: IPH; Nasdaq: IPHA) (&#x201C;   Innat...,"Innate Pharma Announces U.S. FDA Lifts Partial Clinical Hold on Lacutamab Clinical ProgramFDA lifts partial clinical hold on lacutamab clinical programFatal case related to disease progression and unrelated to the treatmentRegulatory News:Innate Pharma SA (Euronext Paris: IPH; Nasdaq: IPHA) (“ Innate ” or the “ Company ”) today announced that the U.S. Food and Drug Administration (FDA) has lifted the partial clinical hold placed on the lacutamab IND. On October 5  Innate announced that the lacutamab IND has been placed on partial clinical hold by FDA following a recent patient death in the TELLOMAK study. The death of a patient affected by Sézary syndrome was initially considered due to hemophagocytic lymphohistiocytosis (HLH)  a rare hematologic disorder.The FDA decision to lift the partial clinical hold is based on the FDA review of the fatal case which Innate  together with a steering committee of independent experts  determined to be related to aggressive disease progression and lacutamab unrelated.“ We have worked closely with the FDA to diligently resolve the partial clinical hold on the lacutamab IND  which included an in-depth analysis of the fatal case which was due to progression of an aggressive form of the disease  ” said Dr Quaratino  Chief Medical Officer of Innate Pharma. “ The lacutamab program continues to plan following the publication of the positive Sézary syndrome results at the recent ASH Annual Meeting 2023. We now look forward to sharing final data in Mycosis Fungoides. ”About LacutamabLacutamab is a first-in-class anti-KIR3DL2 humanized cytotoxicity-inducing antibody that is currently in clinical trials for treatment of cutaneous T-cell lymphoma (CTCL)  an orphan disease  and peripheral T cell lymphoma (PTCL). Rare cutaneous lymphomas of T lymphocytes have a poor prognosis with few efficacious and safe therapeutic options at advanced stages.KIR3DL2 is an inhibitory receptor of the KIR family  expressed by approximately 65% of patients across all CTCL subtypes and expressed by up 90% of patients with certain aggressive CTCL subtypes  in particular  Sézary syndrome. It is expressed by up to 50% of patients with mycosis fungoides and peripheral T-cell lymphoma (PTCL). It has a restricted expression on normal tissues.Lacutamab is granted European Medicines Agency (EMA) PRIME designation and US Food and Drug Administration (FDA) granted Fast Track designation for the treatment of patients with relapsed or refractory Sézary syndrome who have received at least two prior systemic therapies. Lacutamab is granted orphan drug status in the European Union and in the United States for the treatment of CTCL.About TELLOMAK:TELLOMAK ( NCT03902184 ) is a global  open-label  multi-cohort Phase 2 clinical trial recruiting patients with Sézary syndrome and mycosis fungoides (MF) in the United States and Europe. Specifically:Cohort 1: lacutamab being evaluated as a single agent in approximately 60 patients with Sézary syndrome who have received at least two prior systemic therapies  including mogamulizumab. The Sézary syndrome cohort of the study could enable the registration of lacutamab in this indication.Cohort 2: lacutamab being evaluated as a single agent in patients with MF that express KIR3DL2  as determined at baseline with a Simon 2-stage design.Cohort 3: lacutamab being evaluated as a single agent in patients with MF that do not express KIR3DL2  as determined at baseline  with a Simon-2 stage design.All comers: lacutamab being evaluated as a single agent in patients with both KIR3DL2 expressing and non-expressing MF to explore the correlation between the level of KIR3DL2 expression and treatment outcomes utilizing a formalin-fixed paraffin embedded (FFPE) assay under development as a companion diagnostic.The trial is now fully enrolled. The primary endpoint of the trial is objective global response rate. Key secondary endpoints are progression-free survival  duration of response  overall survival  quality of life  pharmacokinetics and immunogenicity and adverse events.About the Phase 1b in PTCL:The Phase 1b clinical trial ( NCT05321147 ) is investigating lacutamab monotherapy in KIR3DL2-expressing patients with relapsed/refractory PTCL who have received at least one prior systemic therapy. The trial is designed to evaluate safety  as well as characterize clinical outcomes  pharmacokinetics and immunogenicity of lacutamab alone in PTCL.About Innate PharmaInnate Pharma S.A. is a global  clinical-stage biotechnology company developing immunotherapies for cancer patients. Its innovative approach aims to harness the innate immune system through therapeutic antibodies and its ANKET ® ( A ntibody-based NK cell E ngager T herapeutics) proprietary platform.Innate’s portfolio includes lead proprietary program lacutamab  developed in advanced form of cutaneous T cell lymphomas and peripheral T cell lymphomas  monalizumab developed with AstraZeneca in non-small cell lung cancer  as well as ANKET ® multi-specific NK cell engagers to address multiple tumor types.Innate Pharma is a trusted partner to biopharmaceutical companies such as Sanofi and AstraZeneca  as well as leading research institutions  to accelerate innovation  research and development for the benefit of patients.Headquartered in Marseille  France with a US office in Rockville  MD  Innate Pharma is listed on Euronext Paris and Nasdaq in the US.Learn more about Innate Pharma at www.innate-pharma.com and follow us on Twitter and LinkedIn .Information about Innate Pharma sharesISIN codeTicker codeLEI FR0010331421 Euronext: IPH Nasdaq: IPHA 9695002Y8420ZB8HJE29Disclaimer on forward-looking information and risk factorsThis press release contains certain forward-looking statements  including those within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. The use of certain words  including “believe ” “potential ” “expect” and “will” and similar expressions  is intended to identify forward-looking statements. Although the company believes its expectations are based on reasonable assumptions  these forward-looking statements are subject to numerous risks and uncertainties  which could cause actual results to differ materially from those anticipated. These risks and uncertainties include  among other things  the uncertainties inherent in research and development  including related to safety  progression of and results from its ongoing and planned clinical trials and preclinical studies  review and approvals by regulatory authorities of its product candidates  the Company’s commercialization efforts and the Company’s continued ability to raise capital to fund its development. For an additional discussion of risks and uncertainties which could cause the company's actual results  financial condition  performance or achievements to differ from those contained in the forward-looking statements  please refer to the Risk Factors (“Facteurs de Risque"") section of the Universal Registration Document filed with the French Financial Markets Authority (“AMF”)  which is available on the AMF website http://www.amf-france.org or on Innate Pharma’s website  and public filings and reports filed with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (“SEC”)  including the Company’s Annual Report on Form 20-F for the year ended December 31  2022  and subsequent filings and reports filed with the AMF or SEC  or otherwise made public  by the Company.This press release and the information contained herein do not constitute an offer to sell or a solicitation of an offer to buy or subscribe to shares in Innate Pharma in any country.View source version on businesswire.com: https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20240103221044/en/For additional information  please contact:InvestorsInnate PharmaHenry WheelerTel.: +33 (0)4 84 90 32 88Henry.wheeler@innate-pharma.frMedia RelationsNewCapArthur RouilléTel.: +33 (0)1 44 71 00 15innate@newcap.eu",neutral,0.05,0.94,0.01,mixed,0.08,0.28,0.64,True,English,"['U.S. FDA', 'Partial Clinical Hold', 'Lacutamab Clinical Program', 'Innate Pharma', 'ntibody-based NK cell E ngager T herapeutics', 'global, open-label, multi-cohort Phase 2 clinical trial recruiting patients', 'class anti-KIR3DL2 humanized cytotoxicity-inducing antibody', 'ANKET ® multi-specific NK cell engagers', 'positive Sézary syndrome results', 'peripheral T cell lymphomas', 'The Sézary syndrome cohort', 'two prior systemic therapies', 'one prior systemic therapy', 'cutaneous T cell lymphomas', 'objective global response rate', 'global, clinical-stage biotechnology company', 'small cell lung cancer', 'recent ASH Annual Meeting', 'refractory Sézary syndrome', 'Phase 1b clinical trial', 'Innate Pharma S.A.', 'lead proprietary program lacutamab', 'Rare cutaneous lymphomas', 'peripheral T-cell lymphoma', 'cutaneous T-cell lymphoma', 'Partial Clinical Hold', 'U.S. Food', 'rare hematologic disorder', 'Chief Medical Officer', 'Simon 2-stage design', 'Simon-2 stage design', 'formalin-fixed paraffin embedded', 'Key secondary endpoints', 'multiple tumor types', 'safe therapeutic options', 'European Medicines Agency', 'Fast Track designation', 'U.S. FDA', 'innate immune system', 'Lacutamab Clinical Program', 'Innate Pharma SA', 'recent patient death', 'aggressive CTCL subtypes', 'aggressive disease progression', 'T lymphocytes', 'clinical trials', 'clinical outcomes', 'proprietary platform', 'cancer patients', 'aggressive form', 'lacutamab program', 'PRIME designation', 'US Food', 'European Union', 'therapeutic antibodies', 'Fatal case', 'Regulatory News', 'Euronext Paris', 'Drug Administration', 'hemophagocytic lymphohistiocytosis', 'steering committee', 'independent experts', 'depth analysis', 'Dr Quaratino', 'final data', 'Mycosis Fungoides', 'orphan disease', 'poor prognosis', 'advanced stages', 'inhibitory receptor', 'KIR family', 'restricted expression', 'normal tissues', 'drug status', 'United States', 'single agent', 'companion diagnostic', 'primary endpoint', 'progression-free survival', 'overall survival', 'adverse events', 'innovative approach', 'advanced form', 'KIR3DL2-expressing patients', 'KIR3DL2 expressing', 'KIR3DL2 expression', 'lacutamab IND.', 'lacutamab monotherapy', 'FDA decision', 'FDA review', 'treatment outcomes', 'relapsed/refractory PTCL', 'TELLOMAK study', '60 patients', 'Nasdaq', 'IPHA', 'October', 'HLH', 'publication', 'efficacious', 'MF', 'mogamulizumab', 'registration', 'indication', 'baseline', 'comers', 'correlation', 'level', 'FFPE', 'assay', 'development', 'duration', 'quality', 'life', 'pharmacokinetics', 'immunogenicity', 'NCT05321147', 'safety', 'immunotherapies', 'portfolio', 'monalizumab', 'AstraZeneca']",2024-01-04,2024-01-05,investorsobserver.com
34622,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2024/01/04/2804196/0/en/A%C3%A9roports-de-Paris-SA-Information-regarding-the-voting-rights-and-shares-as-of-31-December-2023.html,Aéroports de Paris SA: Information regarding the voting rights and shares as of 31 December 2023,January 4th  2024     Aéroports de Paris SA    Information regarding the voting rights and shares as of 31 December 2023Statement according to Article...,January 4th  2024Aéroports de Paris SAInformation regarding the voting rights and sharesas of 31 December 2023Statement according to Article L. 233-8-II of the French Commercial Code and 223-16 of the General Regulations of the “Autorité des Marchés Financiers”ISIN: FR0010340141Ticker: ADPListing place: Euronext ParisMarket: Euronext Paris - Compartment A – SRDDate Total number of shares Total number of gross voting rights Total number of net voting rights1 31/12/2023 98 960 602 163 898 526 163 634 9731 Gross voting rights less shares without voting rights.Attachment,neutral,0.01,0.99,0.01,neutral,0.01,0.97,0.02,True,English,"['Aéroports de', 'Paris SA', 'voting rights', 'Information', 'shares', '31 December', 'Autorité des Marchés Financiers', 'French Commercial Code', 'net voting rights1', 'gross voting rights', 'Euronext Paris Market', 'Paris SA', 'Aéroports', 'Article L.', 'General Regulations', 'Listing place', 'Compartment A', 'Total number', 'less shares', 'January', 'Information', '31 December', 'Statement', 'ISIN', 'Ticker', 'ADP', 'SRD', 'Date', 'Attachment']",2024-01-04,2024-01-05,globenewswire.com
34623,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2024/01/04/2804202/0/en/Valneva-to-Conduct-Investor-Meetings-during-the-J-P-Morgan-Healthcare-Conference-and-Oddo-BHF-Forum.html,Valneva to Conduct Investor Meetings during the J.P. Morgan Healthcare Conference and Oddo BHF Forum,Saint-Herblain (France)  January 4  2024 – Valneva SE (Nasdaq: VALN; Euronext Paris: VLA)  a specialty vaccine company  today announces that members of its management team including Thomas Lingelbach  CEO and Peter Bühler  CFO will hold investor meetings duri…,Saint-Herblain (France)  January 4  2024 – Valneva SE (Nasdaq: VALN; Euronext Paris: VLA)  a specialty vaccine company  today announces that members of its management team including Thomas Lingelbach  CEO and Peter Bühler  CFO will hold investor meetings during the 42nd Annual J.P. Morgan Healthcare Conference  January 8 – 10  2024 in San Francisco and virtually at the Oddo BHF Forum on January 15 2024.Valneva’s CEO and CFO will notably discuss the Company’s advanced vaccine development pipeline  including its Lyme disease vaccine candidate VLA15 (Phase 3 fully enrolled  partnered with Pfizer)  as well as the Company’s growing commercial business  which now includes recently FDA-approved1 IXCHIQ®  the world’s first licensed vaccine for prevention of disease caused by chikungunya virus  launching in early 2024.To schedule a 1on1 investor meeting with Valneva  institutional investors and analysts cancontact Valneva’s investor relations department at investors@valneva.com.About Valneva SEWe are a specialty vaccine company that develops  manufactures  and commercializes prophylactic vaccines for infectious diseases addressing unmet medical needs. We take a highly specialized and targeted approach  applying our deep expertise across multiple vaccine modalities  focused on providing either first-  best- or only-in-class vaccine solutions.We have a strong track record  having advanced multiple vaccines from early R&D to approvals  and currently market two proprietary travel vaccines as well as certain third-party vaccines leveraging our established commercial infrastructure.Revenues from our growing commercial business help fuel the continued advancement of our vaccine pipeline. This includes the world’s first vaccine against the chikungunya virus and the only Lyme disease vaccine candidate in advanced clinical development  which is partnered with Pfizer  as well as vaccine candidates against the Zika virus and other global public health threats.About IXCHIQ®In the U.S.  IXCHIQ® is a live-attenuated vaccine indicated for the prevention of disease caused by chikungunya virus (CHIKV) in individuals 18 years of age and older who are at increased risk of exposure to CHIKV. As for all products approved under FDA’s accelerated approval pathway  continued approval for this indication is contingent upon verification and description of clinical benefit in confirmatory studies.Please click here for full Prescribing Information for IXCHIQ®.Valneva Investor and Media ContactsLaetitia Bachelot-FontaineVP Global Communications & European Investor RelationsM +33 (0)6 4516 7099laetitia.bachelot-fontaine@valneva.comJoshua Drumm  Ph.D.VP Global Investor RelationsM +001 917 815 4520joshua.drumm@valneva.comForward-Looking StatementsThis press release contains certain forward-looking statements relating to the business of Valneva  including with respect to the progress  timing  results and completion of research  development and clinical trials for product candidates  to regulatory approval of product candidates and review of existing products. In addition  even if the actual results or development of Valneva are consistent with the forward-looking statements contained in this press release  those results or developments of Valneva may not be sustained in the future. In some cases  you can identify forward-looking statements by words such as “could ” “should ” “may ” “expects ” “anticipates ” “believes ” “intends ” “estimates ” “aims ” “targets ” or similar words. These forward-looking statements are based largely on the current expectations of Valneva as of the date of this press release and are subject to a number of known and unknown risks and uncertainties and other factors that may cause actual results  performance or achievements to be materially different from any future results  performance or achievement expressed or implied by these forward-looking statements. In particular  the expectations of Valneva could be affected by  among other things  uncertainties and delays involved in the development and manufacture of vaccines  unexpected clinical trial results  unexpected regulatory actions or delays  competition in general  currency fluctuations  the impact of the global and European credit crisis  and the ability to obtain or maintain patent or other proprietary intellectual property protection. Success in preclinical studies or earlier clinical trials may not be indicative of results in future clinical trials. In light of these risks and uncertainties  there can be no assurance that the forward-looking statements made during this presentation will in fact be realized. Valneva is providing the information in these materials as of this press release and disclaim any intention or obligation to publicly update or revise any forward-looking statements  whether as a result of new information  future events  or otherwise.1 Valneva Announces U.S. FDA Approval of World’s First Chikungunya Vaccine  IXCHIQ® - ValnevaAttachment,neutral,0.02,0.98,0.0,negative,0.01,0.25,0.73,True,English,"['J.P. Morgan Healthcare Conference', 'Oddo BHF Forum', 'Investor Meetings', 'Valneva', '42nd Annual J.P. Morgan Healthcare Conference', 'other proprietary intellectual property protection', 'other global public health threats', 'Lyme disease vaccine candidate VLA15', 'two proprietary travel vaccines', 'VP Global Investor Relations', 'unexpected clinical trial results', 'advanced vaccine development pipeline', 'U.S. FDA Approval', 'VP Global Communications', 'investor relations department', 'European Investor Relations', 'Peter Bühler', 'Oddo BHF Forum', 'unmet medical needs', 'class vaccine solutions', 'strong track record', 'unexpected regulatory actions', 'European credit crisis', '1on1 investor meeting', 'multiple vaccine modalities', 'earlier clinical trials', 'advanced clinical development', 'first licensed vaccine', 'specialty vaccine company', 'growing commercial business', 'full Prescribing Information', 'early R&D', 'future clinical trials', 'First Chikungunya Vaccine', 'vaccine pipeline', 'other factors', 'other things', 'first vaccine', 'vaccine candidates', 'live-attenuated vaccine', 'regulatory approval', 'investor meetings', 'clinical benefit', 'multiple vaccines', 'commercial infrastructure', 'approval pathway', 'continued approval', 'Ph.D.', 'chikungunya virus', 'prophylactic vaccines', 'third-party vaccines', 'Valneva Investor', 'Euronext Paris', 'management team', 'Thomas Lingelbach', 'San Francisco', 'infectious diseases', 'targeted approach', 'deep expertise', 'continued advancement', 'Zika virus', 'confirmatory studies', 'Media Contacts', 'Forward-Looking Statements', 'press release', 'product candidates', 'currency fluctuations', 'preclinical studies', 'new information', 'future events', 'actual results', 'future results', 'institutional investors', 'Laetitia Bachelot-Fontaine', 'existing products', 'similar words', 'current expectations', 'unknown risks', 'Valneva SE', 'Valneva Attachment', 'FDA-approved1 IXCHIQ®', 'Joshua Drumm', '1 Valneva', 'Saint-Herblain', 'France', 'January', 'Nasdaq', 'members', 'CEO', 'CFO', 'Phase', 'Pfizer', 'world', 'prevention', 'analysts', 'specialized', 'approvals', 'Revenues', 'CHIKV', 'individuals', '18 years', 'increased', 'exposure', 'indication', 'verification', 'description', 'respect', 'progress', 'timing', 'completion', 'research', 'review', 'addition', 'developments', 'cases', 'expects', 'aims', 'targets', 'number', 'uncertainties', 'performance', 'achievements', 'delays', 'manufacture', 'competition', 'general', 'impact', 'ability', 'patent', 'Success', 'light', 'assurance', 'presentation', 'materials', 'intention', 'obligation']",2024-01-04,2024-01-05,globenewswire.com
34624,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2024/01/04/2804305/0/en/Galapagos-enters-into-strategic-collaboration-agreement-with-Thermo-Fisher-Scientific-to-further-expand-its-decentralized-CAR-T-manufacturing-network-in-the-U-S.html,Galapagos enters into strategic collaboration agreement with Thermo Fisher Scientific to further expand its decentralized CAR-T manufacturing network in the U.S.,Mechelen  Belgium; 4 January 2024  22:01 CET; Galapagos NV (Euronext & NASDAQ: GLPG) today announced that it has entered into a strategic collaboration agreement with Thermo Fisher Scientific  Inc. (NYSE: TMO) (“Thermo Fisher”) for the decentralized manufactu…,Thermo Fisher Scientific to provide CAR-T manufacturing and kitting services for Galapagos’ point-of-care CAR-T product candidate in the San Francisco areaAgreement follows previously announced collaboration with Landmark Bio for decentralized CAR-T manufacturing in the Boston areaMechelen  Belgium; 4 January 2024  22:01 CET; Galapagos NV (Euronext & NASDAQ: GLPG) today announced that it has entered into a strategic collaboration agreement with Thermo Fisher Scientific  Inc. (NYSE: TMO) (“Thermo Fisher”) for the decentralized manufacturing of Galapagos’ point-of-care CAR-T product candidate in the San Francisco area.Under the terms of the agreement  Thermo Fisher will provide GMP manufacturing as well as BioServices and Specialty Logistics for Galapagos’ CAR-T hemato-oncology clinical program in the San Francisco area  effective January 2024. Galapagos will initiate the technology transfer to enable Thermo Fisher’s manufacturing activities. This collaboration follows Galapagos’ agreement with Landmark Bio for decentralized CAR-T manufacturing in the Boston area announced in November 2023.“As we continue to execute on our global CAR-T expansion strategy  we are very pleased to collaborate with Thermo Fisher  a leader in accelerating life sciences research and the development of life-changing therapies ” said Dr. Paul Stoffels1  CEO and Chairman of Galapagos. “Together we will establish a decentralized CAR-T manufacturing network in the San Francisco area to support the rollout of our pivotal clinical trials and enhance our market readiness. This collaboration will advance Galapagos’ commitment to better meeting patient needs and making CAR-T therapies available to more patients through the rapid delivery of fit CAR-T cells.”​“This collaboration marks the start of an exciting journey to support Galapagos with their decentralized manufacturing strategy ” stated Jennifer Cannon  president of Commercial Operations for Thermo Fisher Scientific's Pharma Services organization. “As a continued investment in our broad range of cell and gene therapy capabilities  our recently opened San Francisco site provides expertise and flexibility in manufacturing  as well as BioServices & Specialty Logistics  to support customers such as Galapagos from early development work through commercialization.”Financial terms of the agreement are not disclosed.About Galapagos’ decentralized CAR-T manufacturing platformGalapagos’ decentralized  innovative point-of-care CAR-T manufacturing platform offers the potential for the administration of fit cells within a median vein-to-vein time of 7 days  greater physician control and exceptional patient experience. The platform consists of an end-to-end xCellit™ workflow management and monitoring software system  a decentralized  functionally closed  automated manufacturing platform for cell therapies (using Lonza’s Cocoon®) and a proprietary quality control testing and release strategy.About GalapagosWe are a global biotechnology company with operations in Europe and the US dedicated to developing transformational medicines for more years of life and quality of life. Focusing on high unmet medical needs  we synergize the most compelling science  technology  and collaborative approaches to create a deep pipeline of best-in-class small molecules  CAR-T therapies  and biologics in oncology and immunology. With capabilities from lab to patient  including a decentralized  point-of-care CAR-T manufacturing network  we are committed to challenging the status quo and delivering results for our patients  employees and shareholders. For additional information  please visit www.glpg.com or follow us on LinkedIn or X (formerly Twitter) .ContactMedia inquiries:Marieke Vermeersch+32 479 490 603media@glpg.com Investor inquiries:Sofie Van Gijsel+1 781 296 1143ir@glpg.comSandra Cauwenberghsir@glpg.comForward-looking statementsThis press release includes forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995  as amended. These statements are often  but not always  made through the use of words or phrases such as “will ” “aim ” “goal ” and any similar expressions. Forward-looking statements contained in this release include  but are not limited to  statements regarding Galapagos’ collaboration with Thermo Fisher. Forward-looking statements may involve unknown and known risks  uncertainties and other factors which might cause actual results to diﬀer materially from those referred to in the forward-looking statements and  therefore  the reader should not place undue reliance on them. These risks  uncertainties and other factors include  without limitation  the risk that Galapagos’ expectations regarding the collaboration with Thermo Fisher  including the potential benefits of such [collaboration]  may be incorrect  the inherent uncertainties associated with competitive developments  and regulatory approval requirements  risks associated with Galapagos' reliance on collaborations with third parties (including its collaboration partner Lonza)  as well as those risks and uncertainties identified in Galapagos’ Annual Report on Form 20-F for the year ended 31 December 2022 and its subsequent filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission. All statements other than statements of historical fact are statements that could be deemed forward-looking statements. The forward-looking statements contained herein are based on Galapagos management’s current expectations and beliefs and speak only as of the date hereof  and Galapagos makes no commitment to update or publicly release any revisions to forward-looking statements in order to reflect new information or subsequent events  circumstances or changes in expectations  unless required by law or regulation.1 Throughout this press release  ‘Dr. Paul Stoffels’ should be read as ‘Dr. Paul Stoffels  acting via Stoffels IMC BV’Attachment,neutral,0.03,0.96,0.01,mixed,0.52,0.3,0.18,True,English,"['decentralized CAR-T manufacturing network', 'strategic collaboration agreement', 'Thermo Fisher Scientific', 'U.S.', 'Galapagos', 'decentralized, functionally closed, automated manufacturing platform', 'Private Securities Litigation Reform Act', 'Galapagos’ CAR-T hemato-oncology clinical program', 'Galapagos’ decentralized CAR-T manufacturing platform', 'high unmet medical needs', 'proprietary quality control testing', 'global CAR-T expansion strategy', 'decentralized CAR-T manufacturing network', 'Galapagos’ decentralized, innovative point', 'care CAR-T product candidate', 'San Francisco area Agreement', 'pivotal clinical trials', 'greater physician control', 'global biotechnology company', 'decentralized manufacturing strategy', 'San Francisco site', 'Dr. Paul Stoffels', 'xCellit™ workflow management', 'monitoring software system', 'Sofie Van Gijsel', 'regulatory approval requirements', 'Pharma Services organization', 'compelling science, technology', 'gene therapy capabilities', 'early development work', 'exceptional patient experience', 'Thermo Fisher Scientific', 'life sciences research', 'strategic collaboration agreement', 'CAR-T therapies', 'CAR-T cells', 'GMP manufacturing', 'manufacturing activities', 'patient needs', 'Boston area', 'release strategy', 'Galapagos’ point', 'kitting services', 'technology transfer', 'Galapagos’ agreement', 'Galapagos NV', 'Galapagos’ commitment', 'Galapagos’ expectations', ""Galapagos' reliance"", 'Landmark Bio', 'Specialty Logistics', 'life-changing therapies', 'market readiness', 'rapid delivery', 'exciting journey', 'Jennifer Cannon', 'continued investment', 'broad range', 'median vein', 'vein time', 'transformational medicines', 'collaborative approaches', 'deep pipeline', 'small molecules', 'status quo', 'additional information', 'Media inquiries', 'Marieke Vermeersch', 'Investor inquiries', 'Sandra Cauwenberghs', 'similar expressions', 'other factors', 'undue reliance', 'competitive developments', 'third parties', 'Forward-looking statements', 'Galapagos’ collaboration', 'press release', 'Commercial Operations', 'Financial terms', 'fit cells', 'cell therapies', 'actual results', 'potential benefits', 'collaboration partner', 'inherent uncertainties', 'Mechelen', 'Belgium', '4 January', 'Euronext', 'NASDAQ', 'GLPG', 'NYSE', 'TMO', 'BioServices', 'November', 'leader', 'CEO', 'Chairman', 'rollout', 'patients', 'start', 'president', 'expertise', 'flexibility', 'customers', 'commercialization', 'administration', '7 days', 'end', 'Lonza', 'Cocoon®', 'Europe', 'years', 'class', 'biologics', 'immunology', 'employees', 'shareholders', 'LinkedIn', 'Twitter', 'Contact', 'meaning', 'use', 'words', 'phrases', 'aim', 'unknown', 'risks', 'reader', 'limitation', 'collaborations']",2024-01-04,2024-01-05,globenewswire.com
34625,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2024/01/04/2803787/0/en/Vantiva-takes-another-step-towards-completing-the-acquisition-of-CommScope-s-Home-Networks-division.html,Vantiva takes another step towards completing the acquisition of CommScope's Home Networks division,Press Release    Vantiva takes another step towards completing the acquisition of CommScope's Home Networks division    Paris – January 4  2024 -...,Press ReleaseVantiva takes another step towards completing the acquisition of CommScope's Home Networks divisionParis – January 4  2024 - Vantiva (Euronext Paris: VANTI)  today announced that it has received approval from the South African authorities to proceed with the acquisition of CommScope’s Home Networks business. With this approval  Vantiva has cleared all conditions related to the antitrust authorities and reached a new milestone in the acquisition process. Final signature of the transaction is expected in January 2024.About VantivaPushing the EdgeVantiva shares are admitted to trading on the regulated market of Euronext Paris (VANTI).Vantiva  formerly known as Technicolor  is headquartered in Paris  France. It is an independent company which is a global technology leader in designing  developing and supplying innovative products and solutions that connect consumers around the world to the content and services they love – whether at home  at work or in other smart spaces. Vantiva has also earned a solid reputation for optimizing supply chain performance by leveraging its decades-long expertise in high-precision manufacturing  logistics  fulfillment and distribution. With operations throughout the Americas  Asia Pacific and EMEA  Vantiva is recognized as a strategic partner by leading firms across various vertical industries  including network service providers  software companies and video game creators for over 25 years. The group’s relationships with the film and entertainment industry goes back over 100 years by providing end-to-end solutions for its clients.Vantiva is committed to the highest standards of corporate social responsibility and sustainability across all aspects of their operations.For more information  please visit vantiva.com and follow Vantiva on LinkedIn and Twitter.ContactsVantiva Investor Relations Image 7 for Vantiva – Corporateinvestor.relations@vantiva.com vantiva.press@image7.frAttachment,neutral,0.06,0.93,0.01,neutral,0.05,0.94,0.01,True,English,"['Home Networks division', 'Vantiva', 'step', 'acquisition', 'CommScope', 'Vantiva Investor Relations Image', 'global technology leader', 'other smart spaces', 'supply chain performance', 'various vertical industries', 'network service providers', 'video game creators', 'South African authorities', 'corporate social responsibility', 'Home Networks division', 'Home Networks business', 'Corporate investor', 'antitrust authorities', 'Press Release', 'new milestone', 'Final signature', 'regulated market', 'independent company', 'innovative products', 'solid reputation', 'decades-long expertise', 'high-precision manufacturing', 'Asia Pacific', 'strategic partner', 'leading firms', 'software companies', 'entertainment industry', 'highest standards', 'Euronext Paris', 'acquisition process', 'Vantiva shares', 'vantiva.com', 'end solutions', 'step', 'CommScope', 'January', 'approval', 'conditions', 'transaction', 'Edge', 'Technicolor', 'France', 'consumers', 'world', 'content', 'services', 'logistics', 'fulfillment', 'distribution', 'operations', 'Americas', 'EMEA', '25 years', 'group', 'relationships', 'film', '100 years', 'clients', 'sustainability', 'aspects', 'information', 'LinkedIn', 'Twitter', 'Contacts', 'Attachment']",2024-01-04,2024-01-05,globenewswire.com
34626,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/VANTIVA-6411898/news/Vantiva-takes-another-step-towards-completing-the-acquisition-of-CommScope-s-Home-Networks-division-45672559/,Vantiva takes another step towards completing the acquisition of CommScope's Home Networks division,(marketscreener.com) Press Release Vantiva takes another step towards completing the acquisition of CommScope's Home Networks division Paris – January 4  2024 - Vantiva   today announced that it has received approval from the South African authorities to proc…,Official VANTIVA press releasePress ReleaseVantiva takes another step towards completing the acquisition of CommScope's Home Networks divisionParis – January 4  2024 - Vantiva (Euronext Paris: VANTI)  today announced that it has received approval from the South African authorities to proceed with the acquisition of CommScope’s Home Networks business. With this approval  Vantiva has cleared all conditions related to the antitrust authorities and reached a new milestone in the acquisition process. Final signature of the transaction is expected in January 2024.About VantivaPushing the EdgeVantiva shares are admitted to trading on the regulated market of Euronext Paris (VANTI).Vantiva  formerly known as Technicolor  is headquartered in Paris  France. It is an independent company which is a global technology leader in designing  developing and supplying innovative products and solutions that connect consumers around the world to the content and services they love – whether at home  at work or in other smart spaces. Vantiva has also earned a solid reputation for optimizing supply chain performance by leveraging its decades-long expertise in high-precision manufacturing  logistics  fulfillment and distribution. With operations throughout the Americas  Asia Pacific and EMEA  Vantiva is recognized as a strategic partner by leading firms across various vertical industries  including network service providers  software companies and video game creators for over 25 years. The group’s relationships with the film and entertainment industry goes back over 100 years by providing end-to-end solutions for its clients.Vantiva is committed to the highest standards of corporate social responsibility and sustainability across all aspects of their operations.For more information  please visit vantiva.com and follow Vantiva on LinkedIn and Twitter.ContactsVantiva Investor Relations Image 7 for Vantiva – Corporateinvestor.relations@vantiva.com vantiva.press@image7.frAttachment,neutral,0.06,0.93,0.01,neutral,0.05,0.93,0.01,True,English,"['Home Networks division', 'Vantiva', 'step', 'acquisition', 'CommScope', 'Official VANTIVA press release', 'Vantiva Investor Relations Image', 'global technology leader', 'other smart spaces', 'supply chain performance', 'various vertical industries', 'network service providers', 'video game creators', 'South African authorities', 'corporate social responsibility', 'Home Networks division', 'Home Networks business', 'Corporate investor', 'antitrust authorities', 'new milestone', 'Final signature', 'regulated market', 'independent company', 'innovative products', 'solid reputation', 'decades-long expertise', 'high-precision manufacturing', 'Asia Pacific', 'strategic partner', 'leading firms', 'software companies', 'entertainment industry', 'highest standards', 'Euronext Paris', 'Vantiva shares', 'acquisition process', 'end solutions', 'step', 'CommScope', 'January', 'approval', 'conditions', 'transaction', 'Edge', 'Technicolor', 'France', 'consumers', 'world', 'content', 'services', 'logistics', 'fulfillment', 'distribution', 'operations', 'Americas', 'EMEA', '25 years', 'group', 'relationships', 'film', '100 years', 'clients', 'sustainability', 'aspects', 'information', 'LinkedIn', 'Twitter', 'Contacts', 'Attachment']",2024-01-04,2024-01-05,marketscreener.com
34627,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/WOLTERS-KLUWER-6291/news/Share-Buyback-Transaction-Details-January-2-3-2024-45671732/,Share Buyback Transaction Details January 2 – 3  2024,(marketscreener.com)    Share Buyback Transaction Details January 2 – 3  2024 January 4  2024 - Wolters Kluwer   a global leading provider of expert solutions  insights and services for professionals  today reports that it has repurchased 45 000 of its own or…,Official WOLTERS KLUWER press releaseShare Buyback Transaction Details January 2 – 3  2024January 4  2024 - Wolters Kluwer (Euronext: WKL)  a global leading provider of expert solutions  insights and services for professionals  today reports that it has repurchased 45 000 of its own ordinary shares in the period from January 2  2024  up to and including January 3  2024  for €5.7 million and at an average share price of €127.73.These repurchases are part of the share buyback program announced on November 1  2023  under which we intend to repurchase shares for €100 million during the period starting January 2  2024  up to and including February 19  2024.The cumulative amounts repurchased to date under this program are as follows:Share Buyback 2024Period Cumulative shares repurchased in period Total consideration(€ million) Average share price(€) 2024 to date 45 000 5.7 127.73For the above-mentioned period  we have engaged a third party to execute €100 million of buybacks on our behalf  within the limits of relevant laws and regulations (in particular Regulation (EU) 596/2014) and the company’s Articles of Association.Repurchased shares are added to and held as treasury shares and will be used for capital reduction purposes or to meet obligations arising from share-based incentive plans.Further information is available on our website:Download the share buyback transactions excel sheet for detailed individual transaction information.for detailed individual transaction information. Weekly reports on the progress of our share repurchases .. Overview of share buyback programs .About Wolters KluwerWolters Kluwer (EURONEXT: WKL) is a global leader in information  software  and services for professionals in healthcare  tax and accounting  financial and corporate compliance  legal and regulatory  and corporate performance and ESG. We help our customers make critical decisions every day by providing expert solutions that combine deep domain knowledge with specialized technology and services.Wolters Kluwer reported 2022 annual revenues of €5.5 billion. The group serves customers in over 180 countries  maintains operations in over 40 countries  and employs approximately 20 900 people worldwide. The company is headquartered in Alphen aan den Rijn  the Netherlands.Wolters Kluwer shares are listed on Euronext Amsterdam (WKL) and are included in the AEX and Euronext 100 indices. Wolters Kluwer has a sponsored Level 1 American Depositary Receipt (ADR) program. The ADRs are traded on the over-the-counter market in the U.S. (WTKWY).For more information  visit www.wolterskluwer.com  follow us on LinkedIn  Twitter  Facebook  and YouTube.Media Investors/Analysts Paul Lyon Meg Geldens External Communications Investor Relations t + 44 20 3197 6586 t + 31 172 641 407 press@wolterskluwer.com ir@wolterskluwer.comForward-looking Statements and Other Important Legal InformationThis report contains forward-looking statements. These statements may be identified by words such as “expect”  “should”  “could”  “shall” and similar expressions. Wolters Kluwer cautions that such forward-looking statements are qualified by certain risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results and events to differ materially from what is contemplated by the forward-looking statements. Factors which could cause actual results to differ from these forward-looking statements may include  without limitation  general economic conditions; conditions in the markets in which Wolters Kluwer is engaged; behavior of customers  suppliers  and competitors; technological developments; the implementation and execution of new ICT systems or outsourcing; and legal  tax  and regulatory rules affecting Wolters Kluwer’s businesses  as well as risks related to mergers  acquisitions  and divestments. In addition  financial risks such as currency movements  interest rate fluctuations  liquidity  and credit risks could influence future results. The foregoing list of factors should not be construed as exhaustive. Wolters Kluwer disclaims any intention or obligation to publicly update or revise any forward-looking statements  whether as a result of new information  future events or otherwise.This press release contains information which is to be made publicly available under Regulation (EU) 596/2014.Attachment,neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,mixed,0.17,0.27,0.56,True,English,"['Share Buyback Transaction Details', 'Analysts Paul Lyon Meg Geldens External Communications Investor Relations', 'share buyback transactions excel sheet', 'Official WOLTERS KLUWER press release', 'Alphen aan den Rijn', 'Level 1 American Depositary Receipt', 'Share Buyback Transaction Details', 'detailed individual transaction information', 'Other Important Legal Information', 'share buyback programs', 'average share price', 'capital reduction purposes', 'share-based incentive plans', 'deep domain knowledge', 'interest rate fluctuations', 'global leading provider', 'new ICT systems', 'general economic conditions', 'Wolters Kluwer shares', 'Period Cumulative shares', 'new information', 'share repurchases', 'cumulative amounts', 'global leader', 'Further information', 'ordinary shares', 'Repurchased shares', 'treasury shares', 'expert solutions', 'Total consideration', 'third party', 'relevant laws', 'Weekly reports', 'corporate compliance', 'corporate performance', 'critical decisions', 'specialized technology', '2022 annual revenues', 'ADR) program', 'counter market', 'U.S.', 'Media Investors', 'similar expressions', 'actual results', 'technological developments', 'currency movements', 'future results', 'foregoing list', 'Forward-looking Statements', 'Euronext Amsterdam', 'Euronext 100 indices', 'regulatory rules', 'credit risks', 'future events', 'financial risks', 'WKL', 'insights', 'services', 'professionals', 'January', 'November', 'February', 'date', 'buybacks', 'behalf', 'limits', 'regulations', 'particular', 'company', 'Articles', 'Association', 'obligations', 'website', 'progress', 'Overview', 'software', 'healthcare', 'tax', 'accounting', 'ESG', 'customers', 'group', '180 countries', 'operations', '40 countries', '20,900 people', 'Netherlands', 'AEX', 'ADRs', 'WTKWY', 'wolterskluwer', 'LinkedIn', 'Twitter', 'Facebook', 'YouTube', 'words', 'uncertainties', 'Factors', 'limitation', 'markets', 'behavior', 'suppliers', 'competitors', 'implementation', 'execution', 'outsourcing', 'businesses', 'mergers', 'acquisitions', 'divestments', 'addition', 'liquidity', 'intention', 'Attachment', '€']",2024-01-04,2024-01-05,marketscreener.com
34628,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2024/01/04/2804233/0/en/Key-Information-Relating-to-Full-Redemption-of-Bond-DNO03.html,Key Information Relating to Full Redemption of Bond DNO03,Oslo  4 January 2024 – DNO ASA  the Norwegian oil and gas operator  today announced that the Company will exercise the option to fully redeem its DNO03 bond on 5 January 2024.,Oslo  4 January 2024 – DNO ASA  the Norwegian oil and gas operator  today announced that the Company will exercise the option to fully redeem its DNO03 bond on 5 January 2024.Issuer: DNO ASAISIN of bond loan: NO0010852643Original maturity date: 29 May 2024New maturity date (redemption date): 22 January 2024Record date: 18 January 2024Redemption price: 100% of the Nominal Amount  plus accrued interest.–For further information  please contact:Media: media@dno.noInvestors: investor.relations@dno.no–DNO ASA is a Norwegian oil and gas operator active in the Middle East  the North Sea and West Africa. Founded in 1971 and listed on the Oslo Stock Exchange  the Company holds stakes in onshore and offshore licenses at various stages of exploration  development and production in the Kurdistan region of Iraq  Norway  the United Kingdom  Côte d’Ivoire  Netherlands and Yemen.This information is published in accordance with section 6.2.2 of Euronext Oslo Rule Book II.,neutral,0.07,0.92,0.01,neutral,0.02,0.97,0.01,True,English,"['Key Information', 'Full Redemption', 'Bond DNO03', 'Euronext Oslo Rule Book II', 'Côte d’Ivoire', 'Oslo Stock Exchange', 'Original maturity date', 'New maturity date', 'redemption date', 'Record date', 'DNO ASA', 'Norwegian oil', 'gas operator', 'DNO03 bond', 'bond loan', 'Redemption price', 'Nominal Amount', 'Middle East', 'North Sea', 'West Africa', 'offshore licenses', 'various stages', 'Kurdistan region', 'United Kingdom', 'Company', 'option', '5 January', 'Issuer', 'ISIN', '29 May', '22 January', 'accrued', 'interest', 'information', 'Media', 'Investors', 'relations', 'stakes', 'onshore', 'exploration', 'development', 'production', 'Iraq', 'Norway', 'Netherlands', 'Yemen', 'accordance', 'section', '18']",2024-01-04,2024-01-05,globenewswire.com
34629,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/DNO-ASA-1413123/news/Key-Information-Relating-to-Full-Redemption-of-Bond-DNO03-45675805/,Key Information Relating to Full Redemption of Bond DNO03,(marketscreener.com) Oslo  4 January 2024 – DNO ASA  the Norwegian oil and gas operator  today announced that the Company will exercise the option to fully redeem its DNO03 bond on 5 January 2024. Issuer: DNO ASA ISIN of bond loan: NO0010852643 Original matur…,Official DNO ASA press releaseOslo  4 January 2024 – DNO ASA  the Norwegian oil and gas operator  today announced that the Company will exercise the option to fully redeem its DNO03 bond on 5 January 2024.Issuer: DNO ASAISIN of bond loan: NO0010852643Original maturity date: 29 May 2024New maturity date (redemption date): 22 January 2024Record date: 18 January 2024Redemption price: 100% of the Nominal Amount  plus accrued interest.–For further information  please contact:Media: media@dno.noInvestors: investor.relations@dno.no–DNO ASA is a Norwegian oil and gas operator active in the Middle East  the North Sea and West Africa. Founded in 1971 and listed on the Oslo Stock Exchange  the Company holds stakes in onshore and offshore licenses at various stages of exploration  development and production in the Kurdistan region of Iraq  Norway  the United Kingdom  Côte d’Ivoire  Netherlands and Yemen.This information is published in accordance with section 6.2.2 of Euronext Oslo Rule Book II.,neutral,0.07,0.92,0.01,neutral,0.02,0.97,0.01,True,English,"['Key Information', 'Full Redemption', 'Bond DNO03', 'Euronext Oslo Rule Book II', 'Official DNO ASA press release', 'Côte d’Ivoire', 'Oslo Stock Exchange', 'Original maturity date', 'New maturity date', 'redemption date', 'Record date', 'Norwegian oil', 'gas operator', 'DNO03 bond', 'bond loan', 'Redemption price', 'Nominal Amount', 'Middle East', 'North Sea', 'West Africa', 'offshore licenses', 'various stages', 'Kurdistan region', 'United Kingdom', 'Company', 'option', '5 January', 'Issuer', 'ISIN', '29 May', '22 January', 'accrued', 'interest', 'information', 'Media', 'Investors', 'relations', 'stakes', 'onshore', 'exploration', 'development', 'production', 'Iraq', 'Norway', 'Netherlands', 'Yemen', 'accordance', 'section', '18']",2024-01-04,2024-01-05,marketscreener.com
34630,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/OLYMPIQUE-LYONNAIS-GROUPE-42519/news/Olympique-Lyonnais-Groupe-Tino-Kadewere-on-loan-to-FC-Nantes-with-a-purchase-option-until-the-45675861/,Olympique Lyonnais Groupe : Tino Kadewere on loan to FC Nantes with a purchase option until the end of the season -January 04  2024 at 12:25 pm EST,(marketscreener.com)  Tino Kadewere on loan to FC Nantes with a purchase option until the end of the seasonLyon  January 4  2024Olympique Lyonnais announces the loan of Tino Kadewere to FC Nantes until June 30  2024. This loan includes a purchase option a…,"Official OLYMPIQUE LYONNAIS GROUPE press releaseTino Kadewere on loan to FC Nantes with a purchase option until the end of the seasonLyon  January 4  2024Olympique Lyonnais announces the loan of Tino Kadewere to FC Nantes until June 30  2024. This loan includes a purchase option allowing OL to benefit from a 25% interest in the event of a potential future transfer.Joining the club in July 2020 from Le Havre  the 26-year-old Zimbabwean international forward  who was on loan last season at Mallorca  has played 64 matches with OL  scoring 11 goals.Olympique Lyonnais wishes Tino a successful second half of the season; he remains under contract with the club until June 30  2025.Tél : +33 (0)4 81 07 55 00Fax : +33 (0)4 81 07 45 65Email : investisseurs@ol.frwww.ol.frEuronext Paris - Segment CIndices : CAC All-Share – CAC Consumer DiscretionaryISIN code : FR0010428771Reuters : OLG.PABloomberg : OLG FPICB : 40501030 Recreational servicesThis publication embed ""🔒 Actusnews SECURITY MASTER "".- SECURITY MASTER Key: mZlqlpaalG2ZnWtwYZ1lmJWVl2hnx2XJmGOdm2qalMycnHJmnGdjZpjHZnFkmmpu- Check this key: https://www.security-master-key.com .Regulated information:Inside Information:- other releases Full and original press release in PDF: https://www.actusnews.com/news/83558-240104-pret-kadewere-a-nantes-en.pdfReceive by email the next press releases of the company by registering on www.actusnews.com   it's free© 2024 ActusNews",neutral,0.07,0.92,0.01,positive,0.61,0.37,0.02,True,English,"['Olympique Lyonnais Groupe', 'Tino Kadewere', 'FC Nantes', 'purchase option', 'loan', 'end', 'season', 'January', '12:25', 'Official OLYMPIQUE LYONNAIS GROUPE press release', '26-year-old Zimbabwean international forward', 'original press release', 'next press releases', 'potential future transfer', 'successful second half', 'Segment C Indices', 'CAC Consumer Discretionary', 'SECURITY MASTER Key', 'Actusnews SECURITY MASTER', 'other releases', 'purchase option', 'Le Havre', 'Tél', 'Euronext Paris', 'ISIN code', 'OLG.PA', 'OLG FP', 'Recreational services', 'Regulated information', 'Inside Information', 'FC Nantes', 'Tino Kadewere', 'ol.fr', 'loan', 'end', 'season', 'January', 'June', '25% interest', 'event', 'club', 'July', 'Mallorca', '64 matches', '11 goals', 'contract', 'Fax', 'Email', 'investisseurs', 'Share', 'Reuters', 'Bloomberg', 'ICB', 'publication', 'mZlqlpaalG2ZnWtwYZ1lmJWVl2hnx2XJmGOdm2qalMycnHJmnGdjZpjHZnFkmmpu', 'Full', 'PDF', 'company', '4 81', '2024']",2024-01-04,2024-01-05,marketscreener.com
34631,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/BIC-4617/news/Bic-Disclosure-of-Trading-In-Own-Shares-for-December-2023-45675571/,Bic: Disclosure of Trading In Own Shares for December 2023 -January 04  2024 at 11:46 am EST,(marketscreener.com) Disclosure of Trading In Own Sharesfor December 2023 CLICHY – January 04  2024 In compliance with general regulation on share buy-backs  SOCIÉTÉ BIC declares below the transactions made on its own shares for December 2023: Date Number of …,Official BIC press releaseDisclosure of Trading In Own Sharesfor December 2023CLICHY – January 04  2024In compliance with general regulation on share buy-backs  SOCIÉTÉ BIC declares below the transactions made on its own shares for December 2023:Date Number of shares Average weighted price in € Amount in € 01/12/2023 20 435 62 1000 1 269 013 50 01/12/2023 3 011 61 9938 186 663 40 04/12/2023 4 994 61 8438 308 847 94 05/12/2023 5 61 3500 306 75 22/12/2023 8 545 64 7249 553 074 27 TOTAL 36 990 62 6630 2 317 905 86ABOUT BICA world leader in stationery  lighters and shavers  BIC brings simplicity and joy to everyday Life. For more than 75 years  the Company has honored the tradition of providing high-quality  affordable  essential products to consumers everywhere. Through this unwavering dedication  BIC has become one of the most recognized brands and is a trademark registered worldwide. Today  BIC products are sold in more than 160 countries around the world and feature iconic brands such as BIC Kids™  BIC FlexTM  BodyMark by BICTM  Cello®  Djeep  Lucky Stationary  Rocketbook  Soleil®  Tipp-Ex®  Us. TM  Wite-Out®  Inkbox  and more. In 2022  BIC Net Sales were €2 233.9 million. The Company is listed on Euronext Paris  is part of the SBF120 and CAC Mid 60 indexes  and is recognized for its commitment to sustainable development and education. It has received an A- Leadership score from CDP. For more  visit www.bic.com or follow us on LinkedIn  Instagram  Twitter  or YouTube.CONTACTSInvestor Relations teaminvestors.info@bicworld.comKimberly StewartHead of Investor Relations+33 6 37 01 42 68kimberly.stewart@bicworld.comIsabelle de SegonzacImage 7  Press Relations contact+ 33 6 89 87 61 39isegonzac@image7.frAGENDAAll dates are subject to changeFull Year 2023 Results February 19  2024  post market close First Quarter 2024 Results April 23  2024  post market close 2023 AGM May 29  2024Attachment,neutral,0.01,0.98,0.0,neutral,0.07,0.93,0.01,True,English,"['Own Shares', 'Bic', 'Disclosure', 'Trading', 'December', 'January', '11', '46', 'high-quality, affordable, essential products', 'Official BIC press release', 'Press Relations contact', 'CAC Mid 60 indexes', 'A- Leadership score', 'Isabelle de Segonzac', 'Investor Relations team', 'SOCIÉTÉ BIC', 'BIC Net Sales', 'First Quarter 2024 Results', 'BIC products', 'general regulation', 'share buy-backs', 'Date Number', 'everyday Life', 'unwavering dedication', 'recognized brands', 'iconic brands', 'BIC Kids™', 'BIC FlexTM', 'Lucky Stationary', 'Euronext Paris', 'sustainable development', 'Full Year', 'post market', 'world leader', 'Own Shares', 'Kimberly Stewart', 'Disclosure', 'Trading', 'December', 'CLICHY', 'January', 'compliance', 'transactions', 'Average', 'price', 'Amount', 'TOTAL', 'ABOUT', 'stationery', 'lighters', 'shavers', 'simplicity', 'joy', '75 years', 'Company', 'tradition', 'consumers', 'trademark', '160 countries', 'BodyMark', 'BICTM', 'Cello®', 'Djeep', 'Rocketbook', 'Soleil®', 'Tipp', 'Ex®', 'Wite-Out®', 'Inkbox', 'part', 'SBF120', 'commitment', 'education', 'CDP', 'LinkedIn', 'Instagram', 'Twitter', 'YouTube', 'CONTACTS', 'bicworld', 'Head', 'Image', 'AGENDA', 'dates', 'change', 'February', 'April', 'AGM', 'Attachment', '€']",2024-01-04,2024-01-05,marketscreener.com
34632,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2024/01/04/2804224/0/en/WENDEL-Sale-of-Constantia-Flexibles-to-One-Rock-Capital-Partners-is-completed.html,WENDEL: Sale of Constantia Flexibles to One Rock Capital Partners is completed,Sale of Constantia Flexibles to One Rock Capital Partners is completed  After obtaining the necessary authorizations  Wendel announced today it...,Sale of Constantia Flexibles to One Rock Capital Partners is completedAfter obtaining the necessary authorizations  Wendel announced today it completed the sale of Constantia Flexibles (“The Company”) to an affiliate of One Rock Capital Partners  LLC (“One Rock”).The transaction generated net proceeds1 for Wendel of €1 094 million for its shares. Wendel earned upon closing additional proceeds of €27 million from the sale of some Company’s ancillary assets bringing total proceeds to Wendel to €1 121 million  i.e. a valuation over 10% higher than the latest NAV on record before the announcement of the transaction (as at March 31  2023).The total amount of this operation reflects a multiple of 2.0x Wendel’s net total investment in Constantia Flexibles since 2015.This transaction is one of the largest on the European private equity market in 2023.AgendaWednesday February 28  2024FY 2023 results – Publication of NAV as of December 31  2023  and Full-Year consolidated financial statements (post-market release)Thursday April 25  2024Q1 2024 Trading update – Publication of NAV as of March 31  2024 (post-market release)Thursday May 16  2024Annual General MeetingWednesday July 31  2024H1 2024 results – Publication of NAV as of June 30  2024  and condensed Half-Year consolidated financial statements (post-market release)Thursday October 24  2024Q3 2024 Trading update – Publication of NAV as of September 30  2024 (post-market release)Thursday December 5  20242024 Investor DayAbout WendelWendel is one of Europe’s leading listed investment firms. The Group invests in Europe and North America in companies which are leaders in their field  such as ACAMS  Bureau Veritas  Constantia Flexibles  Crisis Prevention Institute  IHS Towers  Scalian  Stahl and Tarkett. Wendel often plays an active role as a controlling or significant shareholder in its portfolio companies. Wendel seeks to implement long-term development strategies  which involve boosting growth and margins of companies so as to enhance their leading market positions. With Wendel Growth (formerly known as Wendel Lab)  Wendel also invests via funds or directly in innovative  high-growth companies.Wendel is listed on Eurolist by Euronext Paris.Standard & Poor’s ratings: Long-term: BBB  stable outlook – Short-term: A-2 since January 25  2019Moody’s ratings: Long-term: Baa2  stable outlook since September 5  2018Wendel is the Founding Sponsor of Centre Pompidou-Metz. In recognition of its long-term patronage of the arts  Wendel received the distinction of ‘Grand Mécène de la Culture’ in 2012.For more information: wendelgroup.comFollow us on LinkedIn @WendelPress contacts Analyst and investor contacts Christine Anglade Pirzadeh: + 33 1 42 85 63 24 Olivier Allot: +33 1 42 85 63 73 c.anglade@wendelgroup.com o.allot@wendelgroup.com Caroline Decaux: +33 1 42 85 91 27 Lucile Roch: +33 1 42 85 63 72 c.decaux@wendelgroup.com l.roch@wendelgroup.com Primatice Olivier Labesse: +33 6 79 11 49 71 olivierlabesse@primatice.com Hugues Schmitt: +33 6 71 99 74 58 huguesschmitt@primatice.com Kekst CNC Todd Fogarty: +1 212 521 4854 todd.fogarty@kekstcnc.com1 Net proceeds after ticking fees  financial debt  dilution to the benefit of the Company’s minority investors  transaction costs and other debt-like adjustments.Attachment,neutral,0.15,0.83,0.01,negative,0.02,0.35,0.62,True,English,"['One Rock Capital Partners', 'Constantia Flexibles', 'WENDEL', 'Sale', 'Grand Mécène', 'Full-Year consolidated financial statements', 'Half-Year consolidated financial statements', 'European private equity market', 'leading listed investment firms', 'One Rock Capital Partners', 'Kekst CNC Todd Fogarty', 'leading market positions', 'Q1 2024 Trading update', 'Annual General Meeting', 'Q3 2024 Trading update', 'Crisis Prevention Institute', 'Christine Anglade Pirzadeh', 'other debt-like adjustments', 'long-term development strategies', 'net total investment', 'innovative, high-growth companies', 'Primatice Olivier Labesse', 'financial debt', 'market release', 'long-term patronage', 'Olivier Allot', 'net proceeds1', 'total proceeds', 'total amount', 'Constantia Flexibles', 'necessary authorizations', 'additional proceeds', 'ancillary assets', 'FY 2023 results', 'H1 2024 results', '2024 Investor Day', 'The Group', 'North America', 'Bureau Veritas', 'IHS Towers', 'active role', 'significant shareholder', 'Euronext Paris', 'Standard & Poor', 'stable outlook', 'Founding Sponsor', 'Centre Pompidou-Metz', 'Press contacts', 'investor contacts', 'Caroline Decaux', 'Lucile Roch', 'Hugues Schmitt', 'minority investors', 'portfolio companies', 'Wednesday February', 'The Company', 'transaction costs', 'latest NAV', '2.0x Wendel', 'Wendel Lab', 'Wendel Growth', 'Sale', 'affiliate', 'shares', 'valuation', 'record', 'announcement', 'March', 'operation', 'multiple', 'Agenda', 'Publication', 'December', 'Thursday', 'June', 'September', 'leaders', 'field', 'ACAMS', 'Scalian', 'Stahl', 'Tarkett', 'controlling', 'margins', 'funds', 'Eurolist', 'ratings', 'BBB', 'January', 'Moody', 'Baa', 'recognition', 'arts', 'distinction', 'Culture', 'information', 'wendelgroup', 'LinkedIn', 'Analyst', 'olivierlabesse', 'huguesschmitt', 'kekstcnc', 'fees', 'dilution', 'benefit', 'Attachment', '42']",2024-01-04,2024-01-05,globenewswire.com
34633,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2024/01/04/2804197/0/en/Bic-Disclosure-of-Trading-In-Own-Shares-for-December-2023.html,Bic: Disclosure of Trading In Own Shares for December 2023,Disclosure of Trading In Own Sharesfor December 2023        CLICHY – January 04  2024      In compliance with general regulation on share buy-backs ......,Disclosure of Trading In Own Sharesfor December 2023CLICHY – January 04  2024In compliance with general regulation on share buy-backs  SOCIÉTÉ BIC declares below the transactions made on its own shares for December 2023:Date Number of shares Average weighted price in € Amount in € 01/12/2023 20 435 62 1000 1 269 013 50 01/12/2023 3 011 61 9938 186 663 40 04/12/2023 4 994 61 8438 308 847 94 05/12/2023 5 61 3500 306 75 22/12/2023 8 545 64 7249 553 074 27 TOTAL 36 990 62 6630 2 317 905 86ABOUT BICA world leader in stationery  lighters and shavers  BIC brings simplicity and joy to everyday Life. For more than 75 years  the Company has honored the tradition of providing high-quality  affordable  essential products to consumers everywhere. Through this unwavering dedication  BIC has become one of the most recognized brands and is a trademark registered worldwide. Today  BIC products are sold in more than 160 countries around the world and feature iconic brands such as BIC Kids™  BIC FlexTM  BodyMark by BICTM  Cello®  Djeep  Lucky Stationary  Rocketbook  Soleil®  Tipp-Ex®  Us. TM  Wite-Out®  Inkbox  and more. In 2022  BIC Net Sales were €2 233.9 million. The Company is listed on Euronext Paris  is part of the SBF120 and CAC Mid 60 indexes  and is recognized for its commitment to sustainable development and education. It has received an A- Leadership score from CDP. For more  visit www.bic.com or follow us on LinkedIn  Instagram  Twitter  or YouTube.CONTACTSInvestor Relations teaminvestors.info@bicworld.comKimberly StewartHead of Investor Relations+33 6 37 01 42 68kimberly.stewart@bicworld.comIsabelle de SegonzacImage 7  Press Relations contact+ 33 6 89 87 61 39isegonzac@image7.frAGENDAAll dates are subject to changeFull Year 2023 Results February 19  2024  post market close First Quarter 2024 Results April 23  2024  post market close 2023 AGM May 29  2024Attachment,neutral,0.01,0.98,0.0,neutral,0.05,0.94,0.01,True,English,"['Own Shares', 'Bic', 'Disclosure', 'Trading', 'December', 'high-quality, affordable, essential products', 'CAC Mid 60 indexes', 'A- Leadership score', 'Isabelle de Segonzac', 'Press Relations contact', 'Investor Relations team', 'First Quarter 2024 Results', 'SOCIÉTÉ BIC', 'BIC Net Sales', 'BIC products', 'general regulation', 'share buy-backs', 'Date Number', 'everyday Life', 'unwavering dedication', 'recognized brands', 'iconic brands', 'Lucky Stationary', 'Euronext Paris', 'sustainable development', 'Full Year', 'post market', 'BIC Kids™', 'BIC FlexTM', 'bic.com', 'world leader', 'Kimberly Stewart', 'Own Shares', 'Disclosure', 'Trading', 'December', 'CLICHY', 'January', 'compliance', 'transactions', 'Average', 'price', 'Amount', 'ABOUT', 'stationery', 'lighters', 'shavers', 'simplicity', 'joy', '75 years', 'Company', 'tradition', 'consumers', 'trademark', '160 countries', 'BodyMark', 'BICTM', 'Cello®', 'Djeep', 'Rocketbook', 'Soleil®', 'Tipp', 'Ex®', 'Wite-Out®', 'Inkbox', 'part', 'SBF120', 'commitment', 'education', 'CDP', 'LinkedIn', 'Instagram', 'Twitter', 'YouTube', 'CONTACTS', 'bicworld', 'Head', 'Image', 'AGENDA', 'dates', 'change', 'February', 'April', 'AGM', 'Attachment', '€']",2024-01-04,2024-01-05,globenewswire.com
34634,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/WENDEL-4671/news/WENDEL-Sale-of-Constantia-Flexibles-to-One-Rock-Capital-Partners-is-completed-45675654/,WENDEL: Sale of Constantia Flexibles to One Rock Capital Partners is completed -January 04  2024 at 12:01 pm EST,(marketscreener.com) Sale of Constantia Flexibles to One Rock Capital Partners is completed After obtaining the necessary authorizations  Wendel announced today it completed the sale of Constantia Flexibles to an affiliate of One Rock Capital Partners  LLC . …,Official WENDEL press releaseSale of Constantia Flexibles to One Rock Capital Partners is completedAfter obtaining the necessary authorizations  Wendel announced today it completed the sale of Constantia Flexibles (“The Company”) to an affiliate of One Rock Capital Partners  LLC (“One Rock”).The transaction generated net proceeds1 for Wendel of €1 094 million for its shares. Wendel earned upon closing additional proceeds of €27 million from the sale of some Company’s ancillary assets bringing total proceeds to Wendel to €1 121 million  i.e. a valuation over 10% higher than the latest NAV on record before the announcement of the transaction (as at March 31  2023).The total amount of this operation reflects a multiple of 2.0x Wendel’s net total investment in Constantia Flexibles since 2015.This transaction is one of the largest on the European private equity market in 2023.AgendaWednesday February 28  2024FY 2023 results – Publication of NAV as of December 31  2023  and Full-Year consolidated financial statements (post-market release)Thursday April 25  2024Q1 2024 Trading update – Publication of NAV as of March 31  2024 (post-market release)Thursday May 16  2024Annual General MeetingWednesday July 31  2024H1 2024 results – Publication of NAV as of June 30  2024  and condensed Half-Year consolidated financial statements (post-market release)Thursday October 24  2024Q3 2024 Trading update – Publication of NAV as of September 30  2024 (post-market release)Thursday December 5  20242024 Investor DayAbout WendelWendel is one of Europe’s leading listed investment firms. The Group invests in Europe and North America in companies which are leaders in their field  such as ACAMS  Bureau Veritas  Constantia Flexibles  Crisis Prevention Institute  IHS Towers  Scalian  Stahl and Tarkett. Wendel often plays an active role as a controlling or significant shareholder in its portfolio companies. Wendel seeks to implement long-term development strategies  which involve boosting growth and margins of companies so as to enhance their leading market positions. With Wendel Growth (formerly known as Wendel Lab)  Wendel also invests via funds or directly in innovative  high-growth companies.Wendel is listed on Eurolist by Euronext Paris.Standard & Poor’s ratings: Long-term: BBB  stable outlook – Short-term: A-2 since January 25  2019Moody’s ratings: Long-term: Baa2  stable outlook since September 5  2018Wendel is the Founding Sponsor of Centre Pompidou-Metz. In recognition of its long-term patronage of the arts  Wendel received the distinction of ‘Grand Mécène de la Culture’ in 2012.For more information: wendelgroup.comFollow us on LinkedIn @WendelPress contacts Analyst and investor contacts Christine Anglade Pirzadeh: + 33 1 42 85 63 24 Olivier Allot: +33 1 42 85 63 73 c.anglade@wendelgroup.com o.allot@wendelgroup.com Caroline Decaux: +33 1 42 85 91 27 Lucile Roch: +33 1 42 85 63 72 c.decaux@wendelgroup.com l.roch@wendelgroup.com Primatice Olivier Labesse: +33 6 79 11 49 71 olivierlabesse@primatice.com Hugues Schmitt: +33 6 71 99 74 58 huguesschmitt@primatice.com Kekst CNC Todd Fogarty: +1 212 521 4854 todd.fogarty@kekstcnc.com1 Net proceeds after ticking fees  financial debt  dilution to the benefit of the Company’s minority investors  transaction costs and other debt-like adjustments.Attachment,neutral,0.11,0.88,0.01,negative,0.02,0.39,0.59,True,English,"['One Rock Capital Partners', 'Constantia Flexibles', 'WENDEL', 'Sale', 'January', '12:01', 'Grand Mécène', 'Full-Year consolidated financial statements', 'Half-Year consolidated financial statements', 'European private equity market', 'leading listed investment firms', 'One Rock Capital Partners', 'Kekst CNC Todd Fogarty', 'Official WENDEL press release', 'leading market positions', 'Q1 2024 Trading update', 'Annual General Meeting', 'Q3 2024 Trading update', 'Crisis Prevention Institute', 'Christine Anglade Pirzadeh', 'other debt-like adjustments', 'long-term development strategies', 'net total investment', 'innovative, high-growth companies', 'Primatice Olivier Labesse', 'market release', 'financial debt', 'Press contacts', 'long-term patronage', 'Olivier Allot', 'net proceeds1', 'total proceeds', 'total amount', 'Constantia Flexibles', 'necessary authorizations', 'additional proceeds', 'ancillary assets', 'FY 2023 results', 'H1 2024 results', '2024 Investor Day', 'The Group', 'North America', 'Bureau Veritas', 'IHS Towers', 'active role', 'significant shareholder', 'Euronext Paris', 'Standard & Poor', 'stable outlook', 'Founding Sponsor', 'Centre Pompidou-Metz', 'investor contacts', 'Caroline Decaux', 'Lucile Roch', 'Hugues Schmitt', 'minority investors', 'portfolio companies', 'Wednesday February', '2.0x Wendel', 'Wendel Lab', 'The Company', 'Thursday April', 'transaction costs', 'latest NAV', 'Wendel Growth', 'Sale', 'affiliate', 'shares', 'valuation', 'record', 'announcement', 'March', 'operation', 'multiple', 'Agenda', 'Publication', 'December', 'June', 'September', 'leaders', 'field', 'ACAMS', 'Scalian', 'Stahl', 'Tarkett', 'controlling', 'margins', 'funds', 'Eurolist', 'ratings', 'BBB', 'January', 'Moody', 'Baa', 'recognition', 'arts', 'distinction', 'Culture', 'information', 'wendelgroup', 'LinkedIn', 'Analyst', 'olivierlabesse', 'huguesschmitt', 'kekstcnc', 'fees', 'dilution', 'benefit', 'Attachment', '42']",2024-01-04,2024-01-05,marketscreener.com
34635,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/CROSSJECT-15844218/news/Crossject-engages-Syneos-Health-for-U-S-commercial-launch-of-ZEPIZURE--45675647/,Crossject engages Syneos Health for U.S. commercial launch of ZEPIZURE® -January 04  2024 at 12:01 pm EST,(marketscreener.com) Press Release Crossject engages Syneos Health for U.S. commercial launch of ZEPIZURE®  Crossject expanding market access activities in preparation for filing for marketing authorization ZEPIZURE®  previously known as ZENEO® Midazolam  is…,Official CROSSJECT press releasePress ReleaseCrossject engages Syneos Health forU.S. commercial launch of ZEPIZURE®Crossject expanding market access activities in preparation for filing for marketing authorizationZEPIZURE®  previously known as ZENEO® Midazolam  is separately contracted with BARDA for U.S. advanced regulatory development and specific supply to the Strategic National StockpileDijon  France  January 4  2024  18:00 CET -- Crossject (ISIN: FR0011716265; uronext: ALCJ)  a specialty pharma company developing needle-free auto-injectors for emergency situations  has engaged Syneos Health  a leading fully integrated biopharmaceutical solutions organization  to prepare for the commercial launch of Crossject’s ZEPIZURE® innovative rescue therapy for epileptic seizures in the U.S.Under the agreement  Syneos Health will provide support in all pre-launch and launch activities for ZEPIZURE®. Syneos Health brings a strong U.S. presence and significant expertise in commercializing new therapies for Crossject.In 2022  Crossject was awarded a contract with the U.S. Biomedical Advanced Research and Development Authority (BARDA) for the U.S. advanced regulatory development and procurement of ZEPIZURE® into the Strategic National Stockpile (SNS)  upon receiving Food and Drug Administration (FDA) authorization. Under the terms of the contract  BARDA will sponsor the licensure and SNS stockpiling  and Crossject will sell the therapies directly into the epilepsy medical market.“ZEPIZURE® is a unique treatment which could save lives in an emergency  as it can potentially be administered anywhere and by anyone  in a matter of seconds ” said Patrick Alexandre  CEO of Crossject. “We are now focusing on preparing the filing for marketing authorization with the FDA  and we are pleased to have such an experienced partner as Syneos Health to guide us through and launch our commercial activities in the U.S.”ZEPIZURE® is based on Crossject’s proprietary needle-free device ZENEO®  which is designed to enable easily administered injections to be delivered in a fraction of a second in emergency situations.“We have reached an advanced stage in development of ZEPIZURE®  and the approaching regulatory filing is driving a need for local marketing in the U.S.  where we are also expanding Crossject’s presence. I am looking forward to working closely with Syneos Health  who will provide important momentum and awareness of our groundbreaking product and help to ensure it reaches patients in need in the most efficient manner ” said Daniel Teper  a U.S. based member of the Crossject Supervisory Board.“We are pleased to support Crossject on the launch of this exciting emergency treatment for epilepsy ” said Lee Taurman  Executive Vice President  Syneos One  Syneos Health. “ZEPIZURE can be significant for people suffering from epileptic seizures. We look forward to working closely with Daniel Teper and the rest of the Crossject team to optimize the launch and commercialization for this product.”About CrossjectCrossject SA (Euronext: ALCJ; www.crossject.com) is an emerging specialty pharma company based in France and the U.S. It is in advanced regulatory development for ZEPIZURE®  an epileptic rescue therapy  for which it was awarded a $60 million contract with the U.S. Biomedical Advanced Research and Development Authority (BARDA). ZEPIZURE® is based on the Company’s award-winning needle-free autoinjector ZENEO®  designed to enable patients and untrained caregivers to easily and instantly deliver emergency medication via intramuscular injection on bare skin or even through clothing. The Company’s other products in development include rescue therapies for allergic shocks  adrenal insufficiencies  opioid overdose and asthma attacks.For further information  please contact:InvestorsNatasha DrapeauCohesion Bureau+41 76 823 75 27natasha.drapeau@cohesionbureau.comMediaSophie BaumontCohesion Bureau+33 6 27 74 74 49sophie.baumont@cohesionbureau.comAttachment,neutral,0.03,0.96,0.01,positive,0.77,0.22,0.01,True,English,"['U.S. commercial launch', 'Syneos Health', 'Crossject', 'ZEPIZURE®', 'January', '12:01', 'leading fully integrated biopharmaceutical solutions organization', 'Official CROSSJECT press release Press Release', 'U.S. Biomedical Advanced Research', 'U.S. advanced regulatory development', 'U.S. based member', 'strong U.S. presence', 'emerging specialty pharma company', 'winning needle-free autoinjector ZENEO®', 'Natasha Drapeau Cohesion Bureau', 'Sophie Baumont Cohesion Bureau', 'U.S. commercial launch', 'ZEPIZURE® innovative rescue therapy', 'Strategic National Stockpile', 'proprietary needle-free device', 'Executive Vice President', 'epileptic rescue therapy', 'approaching regulatory filing', 'market access activities', 'epilepsy medical market', 'Crossject Supervisory Board', 'exciting emergency treatment', 'advanced stage', 'needle-free auto-injectors', 'commercial activities', 'Development Authority', 'rescue therapies', 'unique treatment', 'The Company', 'ZENEO® Midazolam', 'epileptic seizures', 'launch activities', 'Syneos Health', 'marketing authorization', 'specific supply', 'emergency situations', 'significant expertise', 'Drug Administration', 'Patrick Alexandre', 'experienced partner', 'local marketing', 'important momentum', 'efficient manner', 'Daniel Teper', 'Lee Taurman', 'Syneos One', 'untrained caregivers', 'emergency medication', 'intramuscular injection', 'bare skin', 'other products', 'allergic shocks', 'adrenal insufficiencies', 'opioid overdose', 'asthma attacks', 'new therapies', 'Crossject expanding', 'Crossject team', 'Crossject SA', 'FDA) authorization', 'SNS stockpiling', 'groundbreaking product', '$60 million contract', 'Crossject.', 'preparation', 'BARDA', 'Dijon', 'France', 'CET', 'ISIN', 'ALCJ', 'agreement', 'support', 'pre-launch', 'procurement', 'Food', 'terms', 'licensure', 'lives', 'matter', 'seconds', 'CEO', 'injections', 'fraction', 'awareness', 'patients', 'people', 'rest', 'commercialization', 'Euronext', 'award', 'clothing', 'information', 'Investors', 'cohesionbureau', 'Media', 'Attachment']",2024-01-04,2024-01-05,marketscreener.com
34636,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/FORFARMERS-N-V-27753904/news/ForFarmers-N-V-ForFarmers-completes-acquisition-of-Piast-Pasze-Sp-z-o-o-45670581/,ForFarmers N.V.: ForFarmers completes acquisition of Piast Pasze Sp. z.o.o. -January 04  2024 at 01:31 am EST,(marketscreener.com) Lochem  4 January 2024                       ForFarmers completes acquisition of Piast Pasze Sp. z.o.o. Via its affiliate Tasomix Sp. Z.o.o. ForFarmers has completed  the acquisition of Piast Pasze Sp. z.o.o.   which had already been anno…,"Official FORFARMERS N.V. press releaseLochem  4 January 2024ForFarmers completes acquisition of Piast Pasze Sp. z.o.o.Via its affiliate Tasomix Sp. Z.o.o. (“Tasomix”) ForFarmers has completed the acquisition of Piast Pasze Sp. z.o.o. (""Piast"")  which had already been announced on 25 July 2023. All conditions regarding this transaction have been met  including the approval of the competition authority.The enterprise value is the sum of a payment to the shareholders of Piast and the net debt. The enterprise value will be paid in local currency  which amounts approximately 30 6 million in Euro’s. Tasomix received thus 100% of the shares in Piast.This means that Tasomix and Piast will be merging their feed business. This will expand Tasomix's volume in Poland by 410 000 tonnes and strengthen its position in the broiler sector in particular.This transaction is in line with ForFarmers’ strategic objectives to expand in the attractive Polish agricultural market.This press release contains information that qualifies as inside information within the meaning of Article 7 paragraph 1 of the EU Market Abuse Regulation.Note to the editor / For further information:Floor van Maaren  T; 06-29597746About ForFarmersForFarmers N.V. is an international organisation that provides complete innovative feed solutions to the livestock farming industry. With its For the Future of Farming mission ForFarmers underpins its commitment both to the continuity of farming and to further increasing the sustainability of the agricultural sector. ForFarmers is a leading feed producer in Europe with annual sales of around 9 million tonnes of animal feed and is active in the Netherlands  Belgium  Germany  Poland and the United Kingdom. ForFarmers has around 2 500 employees and in 2022 generated revenue of approximately €3.3 billion. ForFarmers N.V. is listed on Euronext Amsterdam.ForFarmers N.V.P.O. Box 91  7240 AB Lochem  The NetherlandsT: +31 (0)573 28 88 00info@forfarmers.eu   www.forfarmersgroup.euFORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTSThis press release contains forward-looking statements  for example relating to ForFarmers’ legal obligations in terms of capital and liquidity positions in certain specified scenarios. In addition forward-looking statements may  without limitation  contain phrases such as “intends to”  ""expects”  “takes into account”  ""is aimed at”  ''plans to”  ""estimates"" and/or words of a similar meaning. These statements pertain to or may affect matters in the future  such as ForFarmers’ future financial results  business plans and current strategies. Forward-looking statements are subject to a number of risks and uncertainties which may lead to material differences between the actual results and performance and the expected future results or performance as implicitly or explicitly contained in the forward-looking statements. Factors that may result in  or contribute to  deviations from current expectations include  but are not limited to developments in legislation  technology  taxation  jurisprudence and regulations  share price fluctuations  legal proceedings  investigations by regulatory bodies  the competitive landscape and general economic conditions. These and other factors  risks and uncertainties that may affect any forward-looking statements or the actual results of ForFarmers are discussed in the most recently published annual report. The forward-looking statements in this press release relate solely to statements as of the date of this document and ForFarmers accepts no obligation or responsibility whatsoever to update the forward-looking statements contained in this release  regardless of whether these pertain to new information  future events or otherwise  unless ForFarmers is legally obliged to do so.",neutral,0.03,0.96,0.01,negative,0.01,0.33,0.66,True,English,"['Piast Pasze Sp.', 'ForFarmers N.V.', 'acquisition', 'January', '01', '31', 'affiliate Tasomix Sp. Z.o.o.', 'Official FORFARMERS N.V. press release', 'EU Market Abuse Regulation', 'attractive Polish agricultural market', 'complete innovative feed solutions', 'ForFarmers’ future financial results', 'P.O. Box', 'Floor van Maaren', 'share price fluctuations', 'leading feed producer', 'Piast Pasze Sp.', 'ForFarmers’ strategic objectives', 'livestock farming industry', 'The Netherlands T', 'general economic conditions', 'ForFarmers’ legal obligations', 'agricultural sector', 'feed business', 'animal feed', 'actual results', 'future results', 'legal proceedings', 'competition authority', 'enterprise value', 'net debt', 'local currency', 'broiler sector', 'Article 7 paragraph', 'international organisation', 'Farming mission', 'annual sales', 'United Kingdom', 'Euronext Amsterdam', 'liquidity positions', 'business plans', 'current strategies', 'material differences', 'current expectations', 'regulatory bodies', 'competitive landscape', 'annual report', 'future events', 'FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS', 'inside information', '9 million tonnes', '7240 AB Lochem', 'similar meaning', 'other factors', 'new information', '410,000 tonnes', 'acquisition', '25 July', 'transaction', 'approval', 'sum', 'payment', 'shareholders', 'shares', 'volume', 'Poland', 'line', 'Note', 'editor', 'commitment', 'continuity', 'sustainability', 'Europe', 'Belgium', 'Germany', '2,500 employees', 'revenue', 'forfarmersgroup', 'example', 'terms', 'capital', 'scenarios', 'addition', 'limitation', 'phrases', 'expects', 'account', 'words', 'matters', 'number', 'risks', 'uncertainties', 'performance', 'deviations', 'developments', 'legislation', 'technology', 'taxation', 'jurisprudence', 'regulations', 'investigations', 'date', 'document', 'responsibility']",2024-01-04,2024-01-05,marketscreener.com
34637,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2024/01/04/2803709/0/en/ForFarmers-N-V-ForFarmers-completes-acquisition-of-Piast-Pasze-Sp-z-o-o.html,ForFarmers N.V.: ForFarmers completes acquisition of Piast Pasze Sp. z.o.o.,Lochem  4 January 2024                              ForFarmers completes acquisition of Piast Pasze Sp. z.o.o.         Via its affiliate Tasomix Sp....,"Lochem  4 January 2024ForFarmers completes acquisition of Piast Pasze Sp. z.o.o.Via its affiliate Tasomix Sp. Z.o.o. (“Tasomix”) ForFarmers has completed the acquisition of Piast Pasze Sp. z.o.o. (""Piast"")  which had already been announced on 25 July 2023. All conditions regarding this transaction have been met  including the approval of the competition authority.The enterprise value is the sum of a payment to the shareholders of Piast and the net debt. The enterprise value will be paid in local currency  which amounts approximately 30 6 million in Euro’s. Tasomix received thus 100% of the shares in Piast.This means that Tasomix and Piast will be merging their feed business. This will expand Tasomix's volume in Poland by 410 000 tonnes and strengthen its position in the broiler sector in particular.This transaction is in line with ForFarmers’ strategic objectives to expand in the attractive Polish agricultural market.This press release contains information that qualifies as inside information within the meaning of Article 7 paragraph 1 of the EU Market Abuse Regulation.Note to the editor / For further information:Floor van Maaren  T; 06-29597746About ForFarmersForFarmers N.V. is an international organisation that provides complete innovative feed solutions to the livestock farming industry. With its For the Future of Farming mission ForFarmers underpins its commitment both to the continuity of farming and to further increasing the sustainability of the agricultural sector. ForFarmers is a leading feed producer in Europe with annual sales of around 9 million tonnes of animal feed and is active in the Netherlands  Belgium  Germany  Poland and the United Kingdom. ForFarmers has around 2 500 employees and in 2022 generated revenue of approximately €3.3 billion. ForFarmers N.V. is listed on Euronext Amsterdam.ForFarmers N.V.P.O. Box 91  7240 AB Lochem  The NetherlandsT: +31 (0)573 28 88 00info@forfarmers.eu   www.forfarmersgroup.euFORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTSThis press release contains forward-looking statements  for example relating to ForFarmers’ legal obligations in terms of capital and liquidity positions in certain specified scenarios. In addition forward-looking statements may  without limitation  contain phrases such as “intends to”  ""expects”  “takes into account”  ""is aimed at”  ''plans to”  ""estimates"" and/or words of a similar meaning. These statements pertain to or may affect matters in the future  such as ForFarmers’ future financial results  business plans and current strategies. Forward-looking statements are subject to a number of risks and uncertainties which may lead to material differences between the actual results and performance and the expected future results or performance as implicitly or explicitly contained in the forward-looking statements. Factors that may result in  or contribute to  deviations from current expectations include  but are not limited to developments in legislation  technology  taxation  jurisprudence and regulations  share price fluctuations  legal proceedings  investigations by regulatory bodies  the competitive landscape and general economic conditions. These and other factors  risks and uncertainties that may affect any forward-looking statements or the actual results of ForFarmers are discussed in the most recently published annual report. The forward-looking statements in this press release relate solely to statements as of the date of this document and ForFarmers accepts no obligation or responsibility whatsoever to update the forward-looking statements contained in this release  regardless of whether these pertain to new information  future events or otherwise  unless ForFarmers is legally obliged to do so.",neutral,0.03,0.96,0.01,negative,0.01,0.27,0.72,True,English,"['Piast Pasze Sp.', 'ForFarmers N.V.', 'acquisition', 'affiliate Tasomix Sp. Z.o.o.', 'EU Market Abuse Regulation', 'attractive Polish agricultural market', 'complete innovative feed solutions', 'ForFarmers’ future financial results', 'P.O. Box', 'Floor van Maaren', 'share price fluctuations', 'leading feed producer', 'Piast Pasze Sp.', 'livestock farming industry', 'The Netherlands T', 'general economic conditions', 'ForFarmers’ strategic objectives', 'ForFarmers N.V.', 'ForFarmers’ legal obligations', 'agricultural sector', 'feed business', 'animal feed', 'actual results', 'future results', 'legal proceedings', 'competition authority', 'enterprise value', 'net debt', 'local currency', 'broiler sector', 'Article 7 paragraph', 'international organisation', 'Farming mission', 'annual sales', 'United Kingdom', 'Euronext Amsterdam', 'liquidity positions', 'business plans', 'current strategies', 'material differences', 'current expectations', 'regulatory bodies', 'competitive landscape', 'annual report', 'future events', 'FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS', 'press release', 'inside information', '9 million tonnes', '7240 AB Lochem', 'similar meaning', 'other factors', 'new information', '410,000 tonnes', 'acquisition', '25 July', 'transaction', 'approval', 'sum', 'payment', 'shareholders', 'shares', 'volume', 'Poland', 'line', 'Note', 'editor', 'commitment', 'continuity', 'sustainability', 'Europe', 'Belgium', 'Germany', '2,500 employees', 'revenue', 'forfarmersgroup', 'example', 'terms', 'capital', 'scenarios', 'addition', 'limitation', 'phrases', 'expects', 'account', 'words', 'matters', 'number', 'risks', 'uncertainties', 'performance', 'expected', 'deviations', 'developments', 'legislation', 'technology', 'taxation', 'jurisprudence', 'regulations', 'investigations', 'date', 'document', 'responsibility']",2024-01-04,2024-01-05,globenewswire.com
34638,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.etfdailynews.com/2024/01/04/invesco-sp-500-equal-weight-etf-nysearcarsp-shares-sold-by-horizon-wealth-management-llc/,Invesco S&P 500 Equal Weight ETF (NYSEARCA:RSP) Shares Sold by Horizon Wealth Management LLC,Horizon Wealth Management LLC cut its position in Invesco S&P 500 Equal Weight ETF (NYSEARCA:RSP – Free Report) by 2.6% during the third quarter  according to its most recent Form 13F filing with the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC). The fund owned 38…,Horizon Wealth Management LLC cut its position in Invesco S&P 500 Equal Weight ETF (NYSEARCA:RSP – Free Report) by 2.6% during the third quarter  according to its most recent Form 13F filing with the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC). The fund owned 38 604 shares of the company’s stock after selling 1 027 shares during the period. Invesco S&P 500 Equal Weight ETF accounts for 2.1% of Horizon Wealth Management LLC’s holdings  making the stock its 13th largest position. Horizon Wealth Management LLC’s holdings in Invesco S&P 500 Equal Weight ETF were worth $5 470 000 at the end of the most recent quarter.A number of other institutional investors have also recently made changes to their positions in RSP. Moneta Group Investment Advisors LLC boosted its stake in Invesco S&P 500 Equal Weight ETF by 104 839.6% during the fourth quarter. Moneta Group Investment Advisors LLC now owns 7 956 524 shares of the company’s stock worth $1 123 859 000 after buying an additional 7 948 942 shares during the last quarter. Clal Insurance Enterprises Holdings Ltd acquired a new position in Invesco S&P 500 Equal Weight ETF during the second quarter worth $1 070 525 000. JPMorgan Chase & Co. boosted its stake in Invesco S&P 500 Equal Weight ETF by 276.7% during the second quarter. JPMorgan Chase & Co. now owns 3 980 639 shares of the company’s stock worth $595 663 000 after buying an additional 2 923 907 shares during the last quarter. Bank of New York Mellon Corp boosted its stake in Invesco S&P 500 Equal Weight ETF by 368.4% during the second quarter. Bank of New York Mellon Corp now owns 2 187 007 shares of the company’s stock worth $327 264 000 after buying an additional 1 720 109 shares during the last quarter. Finally  Morgan Stanley boosted its stake in Invesco S&P 500 Equal Weight ETF by 11.1% during the fourth quarter. Morgan Stanley now owns 14 772 231 shares of the company’s stock worth $2 086 578 000 after buying an additional 1 474 149 shares during the last quarter.Get Invesco S&P 500 Equal Weight ETF alerts:Invesco S&P 500 Equal Weight ETF Trading Up 0.2 %NYSEARCA RSP traded up $0.38 on Thursday  reaching $155.90. 2 650 857 shares of the company were exchanged  compared to its average volume of 7 023 946. The business’s fifty day moving average price is $148.28 and its 200 day moving average price is $147.62. The stock has a market capitalization of $44.07 billion  a P/E ratio of 16.13 and a beta of 1.05. Invesco S&P 500 Equal Weight ETF has a fifty-two week low of $133.34 and a fifty-two week high of $158.60.Invesco S&P 500 Equal Weight ETF ProfileGuggenheim S&P 500 Equal Weight ETF  formerly Rydex S&P 500 Equal Weight ETF  seeks to replicate as closely as possible  the daily performance of the S&P 500 Equal Weight Index (the Index). The Index is a capitalization-weighted index covering 500 industrial  utility  transportation and financial companies of the United States markets (mostly NYSE Euronext issues).See AlsoReceive News & Ratings for Invesco S&P 500 Equal Weight ETF Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Invesco S&P 500 Equal Weight ETF and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.,neutral,0.01,0.98,0.0,neutral,0.02,0.97,0.01,True,English,"['Invesco S&P 500 Equal Weight ETF', 'Horizon Wealth Management LLC', 'NYSEARCA:RSP', 'Shares', 'Invesco S&P 500 Equal Weight ETF alerts', 'Invesco S&P 500 Equal Weight ETF Profile', 'Guggenheim S&P 500 Equal Weight ETF', 'Rydex S&P 500 Equal Weight ETF', 'S&P 500 Equal Weight Index', 'Moneta Group Investment Advisors LLC', 'Clal Insurance Enterprises Holdings Ltd', 'fifty day moving average price', '200 day moving average price', 'Horizon Wealth Management LLC', 'New York Mellon Corp', 'recent Form 13F filing', 'FREE daily email newsletter', 'other institutional investors', 'United States markets', 'NYSE Euronext issues', 'concise daily summary', 'average volume', 'Free Report', 'recent quarter', 'daily performance', 'email address', 'new position', 'The Index', 'capitalization-weighted index', 'third quarter', 'Exchange Commission', 'fourth quarter', 'last quarter', 'second quarter', 'JPMorgan Chase', 'Morgan Stanley', 'market capitalization', 'P/E ratio', 'fifty-two week', 'financial companies', 'related companies', 'MarketBeat.com', 'NYSEARCA:RSP', 'NYSEARCA RSP', 'latest news', ""analysts' ratings"", 'additional 7,948,942 shares', 'additional 2,923,907 shares', 'additional 1,720,109 shares', 'additional 1,474,149 shares', '38,604 shares', '1,027 shares', '7,956,524 shares', '3,980,639 shares', '2,187,007 shares', '14,772,231 shares', '2,650,857 shares', 'Securities', 'fund', 'company', 'stock', 'period', '13th', 'end', 'number', 'changes', 'positions', 'stake', 'Co.', 'Bank', 'Thursday', 'business', 'beta', 'transportation']",2024-01-04,2024-01-05,etfdailynews.com
34639,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.etfdailynews.com/2024/01/04/genesee-capital-advisors-llc-sells-465-shares-of-invesco-sp-500-equal-weight-etf-nysearcarsp/,Genesee Capital Advisors LLC Sells 465 Shares of Invesco S&P 500 Equal Weight ETF (NYSEARCA:RSP),Genesee Capital Advisors LLC lowered its position in Invesco S&P 500 Equal Weight ETF (NYSEARCA:RSP – Free Report) by 3.7% in the 3rd quarter  according to its most recent 13F filing with the SEC. The firm owned 12 040 shares of the company’s stock after sell…,Genesee Capital Advisors LLC lowered its position in Invesco S&P 500 Equal Weight ETF (NYSEARCA:RSP – Free Report) by 3.7% in the 3rd quarter  according to its most recent 13F filing with the SEC. The firm owned 12 040 shares of the company’s stock after selling 465 shares during the period. Invesco S&P 500 Equal Weight ETF comprises approximately 1.2% of Genesee Capital Advisors LLC’s holdings  making the stock its 20th largest position. Genesee Capital Advisors LLC’s holdings in Invesco S&P 500 Equal Weight ETF were worth $1 706 000 at the end of the most recent quarter.Other hedge funds also recently bought and sold shares of the company. SJS Investment Consulting Inc. bought a new position in shares of Invesco S&P 500 Equal Weight ETF during the 3rd quarter valued at about $26 000. Salem Investment Counselors Inc. purchased a new stake in shares of Invesco S&P 500 Equal Weight ETF during the 2nd quarter valued at about $26 000. Bangor Savings Bank purchased a new stake in shares of Invesco S&P 500 Equal Weight ETF during the 2nd quarter valued at about $28 000. Householder Group Estate & Retirement Specialist LLC purchased a new stake in shares of Invesco S&P 500 Equal Weight ETF during the 3rd quarter valued at about $28 000. Finally  Oliver Lagore Vanvalin Investment Group purchased a new stake in shares of Invesco S&P 500 Equal Weight ETF during the 1st quarter valued at about $30 000.Get Invesco S&P 500 Equal Weight ETF alerts:Invesco S&P 500 Equal Weight ETF Price PerformanceShares of NYSEARCA RSP traded up $0.66 during mid-day trading on Thursday  hitting $156.18. 2 405 351 shares of the company’s stock traded hands  compared to its average volume of 7 023 946. The company’s 50-day moving average is $148.28 and its two-hundred day moving average is $147.62. The company has a market capitalization of $44.15 billion  a P/E ratio of 16.13 and a beta of 1.05. Invesco S&P 500 Equal Weight ETF has a 1 year low of $133.34 and a 1 year high of $158.60.Invesco S&P 500 Equal Weight ETF Company ProfileGuggenheim S&P 500 Equal Weight ETF  formerly Rydex S&P 500 Equal Weight ETF  seeks to replicate as closely as possible  the daily performance of the S&P 500 Equal Weight Index (the Index). The Index is a capitalization-weighted index covering 500 industrial  utility  transportation and financial companies of the United States markets (mostly NYSE Euronext issues).Featured ArticlesReceive News & Ratings for Invesco S&P 500 Equal Weight ETF Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Invesco S&P 500 Equal Weight ETF and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.,neutral,0.01,0.98,0.0,neutral,0.03,0.96,0.01,True,English,"['Invesco S&P 500 Equal Weight ETF', 'Genesee Capital Advisors LLC', '465 Shares', 'NYSEARCA', 'RSP', 'Invesco S&P 500 Equal Weight ETF Price Performance', 'Invesco S&P 500 Equal Weight ETF Company Profile', 'Invesco S&P 500 Equal Weight ETF alerts', 'Guggenheim S&P 500 Equal Weight ETF', 'Rydex S&P 500 Equal Weight ETF', 'S&P 500 Equal Weight Index', 'Oliver Lagore Vanvalin Investment Group', 'SJS Investment Consulting Inc.', 'Salem Investment Counselors Inc.', 'Genesee Capital Advisors LLC', 'two-hundred day moving average', 'FREE daily email newsletter', 'Householder Group Estate', 'Retirement Specialist LLC', '50-day moving average', 'Other hedge funds', 'Bangor Savings Bank', 'United States markets', 'NYSE Euronext issues', 'concise daily summary', 'recent 13F filing', 'daily performance', 'Free Report', 'average volume', 'email address', 'recent quarter', 'The Index', 'capitalization-weighted index', 'NYSEARCA:RSP', '3rd quarter', 'new stake', '2nd quarter', '1st quarter', 'NYSEARCA RSP', 'mid-day trading', 'market capitalization', 'P/E ratio', 'financial companies', 'Featured Articles', 'related companies', 'MarketBeat.com', 'new position', 'latest news', ""analysts' ratings"", 'SEC', 'firm', '12,040 shares', 'stock', '465 shares', 'period', 'holdings', '20th', 'end', 'Thursday', '2,405,351 shares', 'hands', 'beta', '1 year', 'transportation']",2024-01-04,2024-01-05,etfdailynews.com
34640,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2024/01/04/2803710/0/en/BGHL-GBP-NAV-s.html,BGHL (GBP): NAV(s),BOUSSARD & GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITED      Ordinary Shares      The Directors of Boussard & Gavaudan...,"BOUSSARD & GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITEDOrdinary SharesThe Directors of Boussard & Gavaudan Holding Limited would like to announce the following information for the Company.Close of business 03 Jan 2024.Estimated NAVEuro Shares Sterling Shares Estimated NAV € 27.5943 £ 24.6140 Estimated MTD return 0.05 % 0.07 % Estimated YTD return 0.05 % 0.07 % Estimated ITD return 175.94 % 146.14 %NAV and returns are calculated net of management and performance feesMarket informationEuro Shares Amsterdam (AEX) London (LSE) Market Close € 25.20 N/A Premium/discount to estimated NAV -8.68 % N/A Sterling Shares Amsterdam (AEX) London (LSE) Market Close N/A GBX 2 050.00 Premium/discount to estimated NAV N/A -16.71 %Transactions in own securities purchased into treasuryOrdinary Shares Euro Shares Sterling Shares Number of shares N/A N/A Average Price N/A N/A Range of Price N/A N/ALiquidity Enhancement Agreement Euro Shares Sterling Shares Number of shares N/A N/A Average Price N/A N/ABGHL CapitalBGHL Ordinary Shares Euro Shares Sterling Shares Shares Outstanding 12 299 516 123 090 Held in treasury N/A N/A Shares Issued 12 299 516 123 090Estimated BG Fund NAVClass B Euro Shares (estimated) € 246.2363 Class GBP A Shares (estimated) £ 131.9146The Class B Euro Shares of BG Fund are not subject to investment manager fees  as the Investment Manager receives management fees and performance fees in respect of its role as Investment Manager of BGHL.For further information please contact:Boussard & Gavaudan Investment Management  LLP.Emmanuel Gavaudan +44 (0) 20 3751 5389 Email : info@bgam-uk.comThe Company is established as a closed-ended investment company domiciled in Guernsey. The Company has received the necessary approval of the Guernsey Financial Services Commission and the States of Guernsey Policy Council. The Company is registered with the Dutch Authority for the Financial Markets as a collective investment scheme pursuant to article 2:73 in conjunction with 2:66 of the Dutch Financial Supervision Act (Wet op het financieel toezicht). The shares of the Company (the ""Shares"") are listed on Euronext Amsterdam. The Shares are also listed on the Official List of the UK Listing Authority and admitted to trading on the London Stock Exchange plc's main market for listed securities.This is not an offer to sell or a solicitation of any offer to buy any securities in the United States or in any other jurisdiction. This announcement is not intended to and does not constitute  or form part of  any offer or invitation to purchase any securities or the solicitation of any vote or approval in any jurisdiction  nor shall there be any sale  issuance or transfer of the securities referred to in this announcement in any jurisdiction in contravention of applicable law.Neither the Company nor BG Fund ICAV has been  and neither will be  registered under the US Investment Company Act of 1940  as amended (the ""Investment Company Act""). In addition the securities referenced in this announcement have not been and will not be registered under the US Securities Act of 1933  as amended (the ""Securities Act""). Consequently any such securities may not be offered  sold or otherwise transferred within the United States or to  or for the account or benefit of  US persons except in accordance with the Securities Act or an exemption therefrom and under circumstances which will not require the issuer of such securities to register under the Investment Company Act. No public offering of any securities will be made in the United States.You should always bear in mind that:all investment is subject to risk;results in the past are no guarantee of future results;the investment performance of BGHL may go down as well as up. You may not get back all of your original investment; andif you are in any doubt about the contents of this communication or if you consider making an investment decision  you are advised to seek expert financial advice.This communication is for information purposes only and the information contained in this communication should not be relied upon as a substitute for financial or other professional advice.Attachment",neutral,0.0,0.99,0.0,negative,0.01,0.27,0.72,True,English,"['BGHL', 'GBP', 'NAV', 'GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITED Ordinary Shares', 'The Class B Euro Shares', 'BGHL Ordinary Shares Euro Shares', 'A Liquidity Enhancement Agreement', 'Class GBP A Shares', 'A N/A Average Price', 'Euro Shares Sterling Shares', 'London Stock Exchange plc', 'Guernsey Financial Services Commission', 'N/A Sterling Shares Amsterdam', 'treasury N/A N/A Shares', 'Dutch Financial Supervision Act', 'US Investment Company Act', 'Euro Shares Amsterdam', 'A N/A Range', 'Sterling Shares Shares', 'expert financial advice', 'Guernsey Policy Council', 'collective investment scheme', 'other professional advice', 'BG Fund ICAV', 'Gavaudan Investment Management', 'closed-ended investment company', 'UK Listing Authority', 'US Securities Act', 'investment manager fees', 'BG Fund NAV', 'The Shares', 'N/A GBX', 'Dutch Authority', 'Emmanuel Gavaudan', 'Euronext Amsterdam', 'US persons', 'Financial Markets', 'The Directors', 'The Company', 'investment performance', 'original investment', 'investment decision', 'performance fees', 'BGHL Capital', 'management fees', 'MTD return', 'YTD return', 'ITD return', 'financieel toezicht', 'Official List', 'applicable law', 'public offering', 'other jurisdiction', 'main market', 'United States', 'following information', 'information purposes', 'necessary approval', 'future results', 'listed securities', 'Market information', 'LSE) Market', 'BOUSSARD', 'business', 'returns', 'AEX', 'Transactions', 'Number', 'Outstanding', 'respect', 'role', 'LLP.', 'Email', 'bgam', 'article', 'conjunction', 'solicitation', 'announcement', 'part', 'invitation', 'vote', 'sale', 'issuance', 'transfer', 'contravention', 'addition', 'account', 'benefit', 'accordance', 'exemption', 'circumstances', 'issuer', 'mind', 'risk', 'past', 'guarantee', 'doubt', 'contents', 'communication', 'substitute', 'Attachment']",2024-01-04,2024-01-05,globenewswire.com
34641,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/ATOS-SE-4612/news/Eviden-Official-Cybersecurity-Services-and-Operations-Supporter-of-the-Olympic-and-Paralympic-Games-45673770/,Eviden Official Cybersecurity Services and Operations Supporter of the Olympic and Paralympic Games Paris 2024,(marketscreener.com) Paris  France – January 4  2024 – Eviden  the Atos Group business leading in cyber security  and the Paris 2024 Organizing Committee officially announce that Eviden is the exclusive Official Cybersecurity Services and Operations supplier …,"Official ATOS SE press releaseParis  France – January 4  2024 – Eviden  the Atos Group business leading in cyber security  and the Paris 2024 Organizing Committee officially announce that Eviden is the exclusive Official Cybersecurity Services and Operations supplier for the event. As part of the Atos Group's transformation plan  the Eviden brand is now positioned in all areas of cybersecurity  particularly in the context of this local partnership.To digitally secure both the Olympic and the Paralympic Games Paris 2024  Eviden will provide cybersecurity products and solutions  and manage cybersecurity planning and preparation  and cybersecurity operations.Tony Estanguet  President of Paris 2024 Organizing Committee  said: ""We are very pleased to be working with Eviden  which has extensive experience in cybersecurity. Eviden teams will implement numerous solutions to combat threats  to help Paris 2024 to meet the sport challenges of the digital age  and to secure the delivery of the Olympic and Paralympic Games.""Yannick Tricaud  Head of Southern Europe  Central Europe and Middle East & Africa Region  Eviden  Atos Group  said: “We would like to thank the Paris 2024 Organising Committee for their trust and are proud to be appointed as the Official Cybersecurity Services and Operations Supporter of the Olympic and Paralympic Games Paris 2024. Our leading position in cybersecurity  ranking Number 1 in Europe  ideally positions us to digitally secure the Olympic and Paralympic Games Paris 2024. Combining our real-time protection prevention and monitoring services to neutralise cyber threats that could impact the competitions  we will support Paris 2024 in its mission to host secure Olympic and Paralympic Games’’.As part of the Olympic and Paralympic Games Paris 2024  Eviden  the cybersecurity partner of reference  is providing an integrated cybersecurity solution for the entire scope of the Olympic and Paralympic Games Paris 2024. This includes advanced services based on artificial intelligence such as AIsaac  a next generation of cybersecurity detection and response platform  and operating the security event detection and remediation centre for the entire information system.Eviden is a global leader in cybersecurity  with more than 6 500 security experts and a network of 16 Security Operations Centers (SOC).Since 1992  Atos has been the technology integrator for the Olympics and since 2001 for the Paralympic Games. In this role  Atos’ Tech Foundation business teams integrate the work of all technology partners of the Olympic and Paralympic Games.For more information: Eviden is Official Supporter of Paris 2024***About Eviden1Eviden is a next-gen technology leader in data-driven  trusted and sustainable digital transformation with a strong portfolio of patented technologies. With worldwide leading positions in advanced computing  security  AI  cloud and digital platforms  it provides deep expertise for all industries in more than 47 countries. Bringing together 53 000 world-class talents  Eviden expands the possibilities of data and technology across the digital continuum  now and for generations to come. Eviden is an Atos Group company with an annual revenue of c. € 5 billion.About AtosAtos is a global leader in digital transformation with c. 105 000 employees and annual revenue of c. € 11 billion. European number one in cybersecurity  cloud and high-performance computing  the Group provides tailored end-to-end solutions for all industries in 69 countries. A pioneer in decarbonization services and products  Atos is committed to a secure and decarbonized digital for its clients. Atos is a SE (Societas Europaea)  and listed on Euronext Paris.The purpose of Atos is to help design the future of the information space. Its expertise and services support the development of knowledge  education and research in a multicultural approach and contribute to the development of scientific and technological excellence. Across the world  the Group enables its customers and employees  and members of societies at large to live  work and develop sustainably  in a safe and secure information space.Press contactJudith Sautereau – judith.sautereau@atos.net - +33 6 79 15 17 871 Eviden business is operated through the following brands: AppCentrica  ATHEA  Cloudamize  Cloudreach  Cryptovision  DataSentics  Edifixio  Energy4U  Engage ESM  Evidian  Forensik  IDEAL GRP  In Fidem  Ipsotek  Maven Wave  Profit4SF  SEC Consult  Visual BI  Worldgrid  X-Perion. Eviden is a registered trademark.Eviden is a registered trademark. © Eviden SAS  2023.Attachment",neutral,0.28,0.71,0.01,positive,0.64,0.35,0.01,True,English,"['Official Cybersecurity Services', 'Operations Supporter', 'Paralympic Games', 'Eviden', 'Olympic', 'Atos’ Tech Foundation business teams', 'Official ATOS SE press release', 'real-time protection prevention', 'worldwide leading positions', 'Paris 2024 Organizing Committee', 'Paris 2024 Organising Committee', 'integrated cybersecurity solution', 'entire information system', 'sustainable digital transformation', 'Atos Group business', '16 Security Operations Centers', 'next-gen technology leader', 'Official Cybersecurity Services', 'Atos Group company', 'secure information space', 'security event detection', 'Paralympic Games Paris', 'Press contact', 'Official Supporter', 'Eviden teams', 'Eviden business', 'entire scope', 'cybersecurity detection', 'transformation plan', 'global leader', 'Operations supplier', 'Operations Supporter', 'cyber security', '6,500 security experts', 'digital age', 'monitoring services', 'advanced services', 'digital platforms', 'digital continuum', 'decarbonization services', 'decarbonized digital', 'atos.net', 'cybersecurity operations', 'local partnership', 'Tony Estanguet', 'extensive experience', 'sport challenges', 'Yannick Tricaud', 'Middle East', 'artificial intelligence', 'next generation', 'response platform', 'remediation centre', 'technology integrator', 'technology partners', 'data-driven, trusted', 'strong portfolio', 'patented technologies', 'advanced computing', '53,000 world-class talents', 'annual revenue', 'European number', 'high-performance computing', 'Societas Europaea', 'Euronext Paris', 'multicultural approach', 'technological excellence', 'following brands', 'IDEAL GRP', 'Maven Wave', 'SEC Consult', 'Visual BI', 'registered trademark', 'cybersecurity planning', 'cybersecurity partner', 'numerous solutions', 'Southern Europe', 'Central Europe', 'end solutions', 'cyber threats', 'deep expertise', 'cybersecurity products', 'Eviden brand', 'Eviden SAS', 'Judith Sautereau', 'France', 'January', 'exclusive', 'areas', 'context', 'Olympic', 'preparation', 'President', 'delivery', 'Head', 'Africa', 'Region', 'competitions', 'mission', 'reference', 'AIsaac', 'network', 'role', 'Eviden1', 'cloud', 'industries', '47 countries', 'possibilities', 'generations', 'c.', '105,000 employees', 'tailored', '69 countries', 'pioneer', 'clients', 'purpose', 'future', 'development', 'knowledge', 'education', 'research', 'scientific', 'customers', 'members', 'societies', 'large', 'safe', 'AppCentrica', 'ATHEA', 'Cryptovision', 'DataSentics', 'Edifixio', 'Energy4U', 'Engage', 'ESM', 'Evidian', 'Forensik', 'Fidem', 'Ipsotek', 'Profit4SF', 'Worldgrid', 'X-Perion', 'Attachment']",2024-01-04,2024-01-05,marketscreener.com
34642,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2024/01/04/2803984/0/en/Eviden-Official-Cybersecurity-Services-and-Operations-Supporter-of-the-Olympic-and-Paralympic-Games-Paris-2024.html,Eviden Official Cybersecurity Services and Operations Supporter of the Olympic and Paralympic Games Paris 2024,Paris  France – January 4  2024 – Eviden  the Atos Group business leading in cyber security  and the Paris 2024 Organizing Committee officially announce that Eviden is the exclusive Official Cybersecurity Services and Operations supplier for the event. As par…,"Paris  France – January 4  2024 – Eviden  the Atos Group business leading in cyber security  and the Paris 2024 Organizing Committee officially announce that Eviden is the exclusive Official Cybersecurity Services and Operations supplier for the event. As part of the Atos Group's transformation plan  the Eviden brand is now positioned in all areas of cybersecurity  particularly in the context of this local partnership.To digitally secure both the Olympic and the Paralympic Games Paris 2024  Eviden will provide cybersecurity products and solutions  and manage cybersecurity planning and preparation  and cybersecurity operations.Tony Estanguet  President of Paris 2024 Organizing Committee  said: ""We are very pleased to be working with Eviden  which has extensive experience in cybersecurity. Eviden teams will implement numerous solutions to combat threats  to help Paris 2024 to meet the sport challenges of the digital age  and to secure the delivery of the Olympic and Paralympic Games.""Yannick Tricaud  Head of Southern Europe  Central Europe and Middle East & Africa Region  Eviden  Atos Group  said: “We would like to thank the Paris 2024 Organising Committee for their trust and are proud to be appointed as the Official Cybersecurity Services and Operations Supporter of the Olympic and Paralympic Games Paris 2024. Our leading position in cybersecurity  ranking Number 1 in Europe  ideally positions us to digitally secure the Olympic and Paralympic Games Paris 2024. Combining our real-time protection prevention and monitoring services to neutralise cyber threats that could impact the competitions  we will support Paris 2024 in its mission to host secure Olympic and Paralympic Games’’.As part of the Olympic and Paralympic Games Paris 2024  Eviden  the cybersecurity partner of reference  is providing an integrated cybersecurity solution for the entire scope of the Olympic and Paralympic Games Paris 2024. This includes advanced services based on artificial intelligence such as AIsaac  a next generation of cybersecurity detection and response platform  and operating the security event detection and remediation centre for the entire information system.Eviden is a global leader in cybersecurity  with more than 6 500 security experts and a network of 16 Security Operations Centers (SOC).Since 1992  Atos has been the technology integrator for the Olympics and since 2001 for the Paralympic Games. In this role  Atos’ Tech Foundation business teams integrate the work of all technology partners of the Olympic and Paralympic Games.For more information: Eviden is Official Supporter of Paris 2024***About Eviden1Eviden is a next-gen technology leader in data-driven  trusted and sustainable digital transformation with a strong portfolio of patented technologies. With worldwide leading positions in advanced computing  security  AI  cloud and digital platforms  it provides deep expertise for all industries in more than 47 countries. Bringing together 53 000 world-class talents  Eviden expands the possibilities of data and technology across the digital continuum  now and for generations to come. Eviden is an Atos Group company with an annual revenue of c. € 5 billion.About AtosAtos is a global leader in digital transformation with c. 105 000 employees and annual revenue of c. € 11 billion. European number one in cybersecurity  cloud and high-performance computing  the Group provides tailored end-to-end solutions for all industries in 69 countries. A pioneer in decarbonization services and products  Atos is committed to a secure and decarbonized digital for its clients. Atos is a SE (Societas Europaea)  and listed on Euronext Paris.The purpose of Atos is to help design the future of the information space. Its expertise and services support the development of knowledge  education and research in a multicultural approach and contribute to the development of scientific and technological excellence. Across the world  the Group enables its customers and employees  and members of societies at large to live  work and develop sustainably  in a safe and secure information space.Press contactJudith Sautereau – judith.sautereau@atos.net - +33 6 79 15 17 871 Eviden business is operated through the following brands: AppCentrica  ATHEA  Cloudamize  Cloudreach  Cryptovision  DataSentics  Edifixio  Energy4U  Engage ESM  Evidian  Forensik  IDEAL GRP  In Fidem  Ipsotek  Maven Wave  Profit4SF  SEC Consult  Visual BI  Worldgrid  X-Perion. Eviden is a registered trademark.Eviden is a registered trademark. © Eviden SAS  2023.Attachment",neutral,0.28,0.71,0.01,positive,0.67,0.31,0.01,True,English,"['Official Cybersecurity Services', 'Operations Supporter', 'Paralympic Games', 'Eviden', 'Olympic', 'Atos’ Tech Foundation business teams', 'exclusive Official Cybersecurity Services', 'real-time protection prevention', 'worldwide leading positions', 'Paris 2024 Organizing Committee', 'Paris 2024 Organising Committee', 'integrated cybersecurity solution', 'entire information system', 'sustainable digital transformation', '16 Security Operations Centers', 'next-gen technology leader', 'Atos Group business', 'Atos Group company', 'secure information space', 'security event detection', 'Paralympic Games Paris', 'Official Supporter', 'Eviden teams', 'Eviden business', 'entire scope', 'cybersecurity detection', 'transformation plan', 'monitoring services', 'advanced services', 'global leader', 'decarbonization services', 'Operations supplier', 'Operations Supporter', 'cyber security', '6,500 security experts', 'cybersecurity operations', 'digital age', 'digital platforms', 'digital continuum', 'decarbonized digital', 'local partnership', 'Tony Estanguet', 'extensive experience', 'sport challenges', 'Yannick Tricaud', 'Middle East', 'artificial intelligence', 'next generation', 'response platform', 'remediation centre', 'technology integrator', 'technology partners', 'data-driven, trusted', 'strong portfolio', 'patented technologies', 'advanced computing', '53,000 world-class talents', 'annual revenue', 'European number', 'high-performance computing', 'Societas Europaea', 'Euronext Paris', 'multicultural approach', 'technological excellence', 'Press contact', 'following brands', 'IDEAL GRP', 'Maven Wave', 'SEC Consult', 'Visual BI', 'registered trademark', 'cybersecurity planning', 'cybersecurity partner', 'atos.net', 'numerous solutions', 'Southern Europe', 'Central Europe', 'end solutions', 'cyber threats', 'deep expertise', 'cybersecurity products', 'Eviden brand', 'Eviden SAS', 'Judith Sautereau', 'France', 'January', 'areas', 'context', 'Olympic', 'preparation', 'President', 'delivery', 'Head', 'Africa', 'Region', 'competitions', 'mission', 'reference', 'AIsaac', 'network', 'role', 'Eviden1', 'cloud', 'industries', '47 countries', 'possibilities', 'generations', 'c.', '105,000 employees', 'tailored', '69 countries', 'pioneer', 'clients', 'purpose', 'future', 'development', 'knowledge', 'education', 'research', 'scientific', 'customers', 'members', 'societies', 'large', 'safe', 'AppCentrica', 'ATHEA', 'Cryptovision', 'DataSentics', 'Edifixio', 'Energy4U', 'Engage', 'ESM', 'Evidian', 'Forensik', 'Fidem', 'Ipsotek', 'Profit4SF', 'Worldgrid', 'X-Perion', 'Attachment']",2024-01-04,2024-01-05,globenewswire.com
34643,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/BOUSSARD-GAVAUDAN-HOLDING-36044/news/BGHL-EUR-NAV-s-45670579/,BGHL (EUR): NAV(s) -January 04  2024 at 01:31 am EST,(marketscreener.com)                                       BOUSSARD & GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITED Ordinary Shares The Directors of Boussard & Gavaudan Holding Limited would...https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/BOUSSARD-GAVAUDAN-HOLDING-36044/news/BGHL-EU…,"Official BOUSSARD & GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITED press releaseBOUSSARD & GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITEDOrdinary SharesThe Directors of Boussard & Gavaudan Holding Limited would like to announce the following information for the Company.Close of business 03 Jan 2024.Estimated NAVEuro Shares Sterling Shares Estimated NAV € 27.5943 £ 24.6140 Estimated MTD return 0.05 % 0.07 % Estimated YTD return 0.05 % 0.07 % Estimated ITD return 175.94 % 146.14 %NAV and returns are calculated net of management and performance feesMarket informationEuro Shares Amsterdam (AEX) London (LSE) Market Close € 25.20 N/A Premium/discount to estimated NAV -8.68 % N/A Sterling Shares Amsterdam (AEX) London (LSE) Market Close N/A GBX 2 050.00 Premium/discount to estimated NAV N/A -16.71 %Transactions in own securities purchased into treasuryOrdinary Shares Euro Shares Sterling Shares Number of shares N/A N/A Average Price N/A N/A Range of Price N/A N/ALiquidity Enhancement Agreement Euro Shares Sterling Shares Number of shares N/A N/A Average Price N/A N/ABGHL CapitalBGHL Ordinary Shares Euro Shares Sterling Shares Shares Outstanding 12 299 516 123 090 Held in treasury N/A N/A Shares Issued 12 299 516 123 090Estimated BG Fund NAVClass B Euro Shares (estimated) € 246.2363 Class GBP A Shares (estimated) £ 131.9146The Class B Euro Shares of BG Fund are not subject to investment manager fees  as the Investment Manager receives management fees and performance fees in respect of its role as Investment Manager of BGHL.For further information please contact:Boussard & Gavaudan Investment Management  LLP.Emmanuel Gavaudan +44 (0) 20 3751 5389 Email : info@bgam-uk.comThe Company is established as a closed-ended investment company domiciled in Guernsey. The Company has received the necessary approval of the Guernsey Financial Services Commission and the States of Guernsey Policy Council. The Company is registered with the Dutch Authority for the Financial Markets as a collective investment scheme pursuant to article 2:73 in conjunction with 2:66 of the Dutch Financial Supervision Act (Wet op het financieel toezicht). The shares of the Company (the ""Shares"") are listed on Euronext Amsterdam. The Shares are also listed on the Official List of the UK Listing Authority and admitted to trading on the London Stock Exchange plc's main market for listed securities.This is not an offer to sell or a solicitation of any offer to buy any securities in the United States or in any other jurisdiction. This announcement is not intended to and does not constitute  or form part of  any offer or invitation to purchase any securities or the solicitation of any vote or approval in any jurisdiction  nor shall there be any sale  issuance or transfer of the securities referred to in this announcement in any jurisdiction in contravention of applicable law.Neither the Company nor BG Fund ICAV has been  and neither will be  registered under the US Investment Company Act of 1940  as amended (the ""Investment Company Act""). In addition the securities referenced in this announcement have not been and will not be registered under the US Securities Act of 1933  as amended (the ""Securities Act""). Consequently any such securities may not be offered  sold or otherwise transferred within the United States or to  or for the account or benefit of  US persons except in accordance with the Securities Act or an exemption therefrom and under circumstances which will not require the issuer of such securities to register under the Investment Company Act. No public offering of any securities will be made in the United States.You should always bear in mind that:all investment is subject to risk;results in the past are no guarantee of future results;the investment performance of BGHL may go down as well as up. You may not get back all of your original investment; andif you are in any doubt about the contents of this communication or if you consider making an investment decision  you are advised to seek expert financial advice.This communication is for information purposes only and the information contained in this communication should not be relied upon as a substitute for financial or other professional advice.Attachment",neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,negative,0.01,0.33,0.66,True,English,"['BGHL', 'EUR', 'January', '01', 'A Liquidity Enhancement Agreement Euro Shares Sterling Shares Number', 'GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITED press release', 'The Class B Euro Shares', 'BGHL Ordinary Shares Euro Shares', 'Class GBP A Shares', 'A N/A Average Price', 'N/A Sterling Shares Amsterdam', 'London Stock Exchange plc', 'Guernsey Financial Services Commission', 'treasury N/A N/A Shares', 'Dutch Financial Supervision Act', 'Sterling Shares Shares', 'Euro Shares Amsterdam', 'A N/A Range', 'US Investment Company Act', 'expert financial advice', 'Guernsey Policy Council', 'collective investment scheme', 'UK Listing Authority', 'other professional advice', 'BG Fund ICAV', 'Gavaudan Investment Management', 'closed-ended investment company', 'US Securities Act', 'investment manager fees', 'BG Fund NAV', 'The Shares', 'N/A GBX', 'Dutch Authority', 'Price N', 'Emmanuel Gavaudan', 'Euronext Amsterdam', 'US persons', 'Financial Markets', 'The Directors', 'The Company', 'investment performance', 'original investment', 'investment decision', 'performance fees', 'BGHL Capital', 'management fees', 'MTD return', 'YTD return', 'ITD return', 'financieel toezicht', 'Official List', 'applicable law', 'public offering', 'other jurisdiction', 'following information', 'further information', 'information purposes', 'main market', 'United States', 'Market information', 'necessary approval', 'future results', 'listed securities', 'Official BOUSSARD', 'LSE) Market', 'business', 'returns', 'AEX', 'Transactions', 'Outstanding', 'respect', 'role', 'LLP.', 'Email', 'bgam', 'article', 'conjunction', 'solicitation', 'announcement', 'part', 'invitation', 'vote', 'sale', 'issuance', 'transfer', 'contravention', 'addition', 'account', 'benefit', 'accordance', 'exemption', 'circumstances', 'issuer', 'mind', 'risk', 'past', 'guarantee', 'doubt', 'contents', 'communication', 'substitute', 'Attachment']",2024-01-04,2024-01-05,marketscreener.com
34644,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2024/01/04/2803711/0/en/BGHL-EUR-NAV-s.html,BGHL (EUR): NAV(s),BOUSSARD & GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITED    Ordinary Shares    The Directors of Boussard & Gavaudan Holding......,"BOUSSARD & GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITEDOrdinary SharesThe Directors of Boussard & Gavaudan Holding Limited would like to announce the following information for the Company.Close of business 03 Jan 2024.Estimated NAVEuro Shares Sterling Shares Estimated NAV € 27.5943 £ 24.6140 Estimated MTD return 0.05 % 0.07 % Estimated YTD return 0.05 % 0.07 % Estimated ITD return 175.94 % 146.14 %NAV and returns are calculated net of management and performance feesMarket informationEuro Shares Amsterdam (AEX) London (LSE) Market Close € 25.20 N/A Premium/discount to estimated NAV -8.68 % N/A Sterling Shares Amsterdam (AEX) London (LSE) Market Close N/A GBX 2 050.00 Premium/discount to estimated NAV N/A -16.71 %Transactions in own securities purchased into treasuryOrdinary Shares Euro Shares Sterling Shares Number of shares N/A N/A Average Price N/A N/A Range of Price N/A N/ALiquidity Enhancement Agreement Euro Shares Sterling Shares Number of shares N/A N/A Average Price N/A N/ABGHL CapitalBGHL Ordinary Shares Euro Shares Sterling Shares Shares Outstanding 12 299 516 123 090 Held in treasury N/A N/A Shares Issued 12 299 516 123 090Estimated BG Fund NAVClass B Euro Shares (estimated) € 246.2363 Class GBP A Shares (estimated) £ 131.9146The Class B Euro Shares of BG Fund are not subject to investment manager fees  as the Investment Manager receives management fees and performance fees in respect of its role as Investment Manager of BGHL.For further information please contact:Boussard & Gavaudan Investment Management  LLP.Emmanuel Gavaudan +44 (0) 20 3751 5389 Email : info@bgam-uk.comThe Company is established as a closed-ended investment company domiciled in Guernsey. The Company has received the necessary approval of the Guernsey Financial Services Commission and the States of Guernsey Policy Council. The Company is registered with the Dutch Authority for the Financial Markets as a collective investment scheme pursuant to article 2:73 in conjunction with 2:66 of the Dutch Financial Supervision Act (Wet op het financieel toezicht). The shares of the Company (the ""Shares"") are listed on Euronext Amsterdam. The Shares are also listed on the Official List of the UK Listing Authority and admitted to trading on the London Stock Exchange plc's main market for listed securities.This is not an offer to sell or a solicitation of any offer to buy any securities in the United States or in any other jurisdiction. This announcement is not intended to and does not constitute  or form part of  any offer or invitation to purchase any securities or the solicitation of any vote or approval in any jurisdiction  nor shall there be any sale  issuance or transfer of the securities referred to in this announcement in any jurisdiction in contravention of applicable law.Neither the Company nor BG Fund ICAV has been  and neither will be  registered under the US Investment Company Act of 1940  as amended (the ""Investment Company Act""). In addition the securities referenced in this announcement have not been and will not be registered under the US Securities Act of 1933  as amended (the ""Securities Act""). Consequently any such securities may not be offered  sold or otherwise transferred within the United States or to  or for the account or benefit of  US persons except in accordance with the Securities Act or an exemption therefrom and under circumstances which will not require the issuer of such securities to register under the Investment Company Act. No public offering of any securities will be made in the United States.You should always bear in mind that:all investment is subject to risk;results in the past are no guarantee of future results;the investment performance of BGHL may go down as well as up. You may not get back all of your original investment; andif you are in any doubt about the contents of this communication or if you consider making an investment decision  you are advised to seek expert financial advice.This communication is for information purposes only and the information contained in this communication should not be relied upon as a substitute for financial or other professional advice.Attachment",neutral,0.0,0.99,0.0,negative,0.01,0.27,0.72,True,English,"['BGHL', 'EUR', 'NAV', 'GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITED Ordinary Shares', 'The Class B Euro Shares', 'BGHL Ordinary Shares Euro Shares', 'A Liquidity Enhancement Agreement', 'Class GBP A Shares', 'A N/A Average Price', 'Euro Shares Sterling Shares', 'London Stock Exchange plc', 'Guernsey Financial Services Commission', 'N/A Sterling Shares Amsterdam', 'treasury N/A N/A Shares', 'Dutch Financial Supervision Act', 'US Investment Company Act', 'Euro Shares Amsterdam', 'A N/A Range', 'Sterling Shares Shares', 'expert financial advice', 'Guernsey Policy Council', 'collective investment scheme', 'other professional advice', 'BG Fund ICAV', 'Gavaudan Investment Management', 'closed-ended investment company', 'UK Listing Authority', 'US Securities Act', 'investment manager fees', 'BG Fund NAV', 'The Shares', 'N/A GBX', 'Dutch Authority', 'Emmanuel Gavaudan', 'Euronext Amsterdam', 'US persons', 'Financial Markets', 'The Directors', 'The Company', 'investment performance', 'original investment', 'investment decision', 'performance fees', 'BGHL Capital', 'management fees', 'MTD return', 'YTD return', 'ITD return', 'financieel toezicht', 'Official List', 'applicable law', 'public offering', 'other jurisdiction', 'main market', 'United States', 'following information', 'information purposes', 'necessary approval', 'future results', 'listed securities', 'Market information', 'LSE) Market', 'BOUSSARD', 'business', 'returns', 'AEX', 'Transactions', 'Number', 'Outstanding', 'respect', 'role', 'LLP.', 'Email', 'bgam', 'article', 'conjunction', 'solicitation', 'announcement', 'part', 'invitation', 'vote', 'sale', 'issuance', 'transfer', 'contravention', 'addition', 'account', 'benefit', 'accordance', 'exemption', 'circumstances', 'issuer', 'mind', 'risk', 'past', 'guarantee', 'doubt', 'contents', 'communication', 'substitute', 'Attachment']",2024-01-04,2024-01-05,globenewswire.com
34645,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/VALNEVA-SE-54466/news/Valneva-to-Conduct-Investor-Meetings-during-the-J-P-Morgan-Healthcare-Conference-and-Oddo-BHF-Foru-45675579/,Valneva to Conduct Investor Meetings during the J.P. Morgan Healthcare Conference and Oddo BHF Forum -January 04  2024 at 11:46 am EST,(marketscreener.com) Saint-Herblain   January 4  2024 – Valneva SE   a specialty vaccine company  today announces that members of its management team including Thomas Lingelbach  CEO and Peter Bühler  CFO will hold investor meetings during the 42nd Annual J.P…,Official VALNEVA SE press releaseSaint-Herblain (France)  January 4  2024 – Valneva SE (Nasdaq: VALN; Euronext Paris: VLA)  a specialty vaccine company  today announces that members of its management team including Thomas Lingelbach  CEO and Peter Bühler  CFO will hold investor meetings during the 42nd Annual J.P. Morgan Healthcare Conference  January 8 – 10  2024 in San Francisco and virtually at the Oddo BHF Forum on January 15 2024.Valneva’s CEO and CFO will notably discuss the Company’s advanced vaccine development pipeline  including its Lyme disease vaccine candidate VLA15 (Phase 3 fully enrolled  partnered with Pfizer)  as well as the Company’s growing commercial business  which now includes recently FDA-approved1 IXCHIQ®  the world’s first licensed vaccine for prevention of disease caused by chikungunya virus  launching in early 2024.To schedule a 1on1 investor meeting with Valneva  institutional investors and analysts cancontact Valneva’s investor relations department at investors@valneva.com.About Valneva SEWe are a specialty vaccine company that develops  manufactures  and commercializes prophylactic vaccines for infectious diseases addressing unmet medical needs. We take a highly specialized and targeted approach  applying our deep expertise across multiple vaccine modalities  focused on providing either first-  best- or only-in-class vaccine solutions.We have a strong track record  having advanced multiple vaccines from early R&D to approvals  and currently market two proprietary travel vaccines as well as certain third-party vaccines leveraging our established commercial infrastructure.Revenues from our growing commercial business help fuel the continued advancement of our vaccine pipeline. This includes the world’s first vaccine against the chikungunya virus and the only Lyme disease vaccine candidate in advanced clinical development  which is partnered with Pfizer  as well as vaccine candidates against the Zika virus and other global public health threats.About IXCHIQ®In the U.S.  IXCHIQ® is a live-attenuated vaccine indicated for the prevention of disease caused by chikungunya virus (CHIKV) in individuals 18 years of age and older who are at increased risk of exposure to CHIKV. As for all products approved under FDA’s accelerated approval pathway  continued approval for this indication is contingent upon verification and description of clinical benefit in confirmatory studies.Please click here for full Prescribing Information for IXCHIQ®.Valneva Investor and Media ContactsLaetitia Bachelot-FontaineVP Global Communications & European Investor RelationsM +33 (0)6 4516 7099laetitia.bachelot-fontaine@valneva.comJoshua Drumm  Ph.D.VP Global Investor RelationsM +001 917 815 4520joshua.drumm@valneva.comForward-Looking StatementsThis press release contains certain forward-looking statements relating to the business of Valneva  including with respect to the progress  timing  results and completion of research  development and clinical trials for product candidates  to regulatory approval of product candidates and review of existing products. In addition  even if the actual results or development of Valneva are consistent with the forward-looking statements contained in this press release  those results or developments of Valneva may not be sustained in the future. In some cases  you can identify forward-looking statements by words such as “could ” “should ” “may ” “expects ” “anticipates ” “believes ” “intends ” “estimates ” “aims ” “targets ” or similar words. These forward-looking statements are based largely on the current expectations of Valneva as of the date of this press release and are subject to a number of known and unknown risks and uncertainties and other factors that may cause actual results  performance or achievements to be materially different from any future results  performance or achievement expressed or implied by these forward-looking statements. In particular  the expectations of Valneva could be affected by  among other things  uncertainties and delays involved in the development and manufacture of vaccines  unexpected clinical trial results  unexpected regulatory actions or delays  competition in general  currency fluctuations  the impact of the global and European credit crisis  and the ability to obtain or maintain patent or other proprietary intellectual property protection. Success in preclinical studies or earlier clinical trials may not be indicative of results in future clinical trials. In light of these risks and uncertainties  there can be no assurance that the forward-looking statements made during this presentation will in fact be realized. Valneva is providing the information in these materials as of this press release and disclaim any intention or obligation to publicly update or revise any forward-looking statements  whether as a result of new information  future events  or otherwise.1 Valneva Announces U.S. FDA Approval of World’s First Chikungunya Vaccine  IXCHIQ® - ValnevaAttachment,neutral,0.02,0.97,0.01,mixed,0.13,0.27,0.6,True,English,"['J.P. Morgan Healthcare Conference', 'Oddo BHF Forum', 'Investor Meetings', 'Valneva', 'January', '11:46', '42nd Annual J.P. Morgan Healthcare Conference', 'other proprietary intellectual property protection', 'other global public health threats', 'Lyme disease vaccine candidate VLA15', 'two proprietary travel vaccines', 'Official VALNEVA SE press release', 'VP Global Investor Relations', 'unexpected clinical trial results', 'advanced vaccine development pipeline', 'U.S. FDA Approval', 'VP Global Communications', 'investor relations department', 'European Investor Relations', 'Peter Bühler', 'Oddo BHF Forum', 'unmet medical needs', 'class vaccine solutions', 'strong track record', 'unexpected regulatory actions', 'European credit crisis', '1on1 investor meeting', 'multiple vaccine modalities', 'earlier clinical trials', 'advanced clinical development', 'first licensed vaccine', 'specialty vaccine company', 'growing commercial business', 'full Prescribing Information', 'early R&D', 'future clinical trials', 'First Chikungunya Vaccine', 'vaccine pipeline', 'other factors', 'other things', 'first vaccine', 'vaccine candidates', 'live-attenuated vaccine', 'regulatory approval', 'investor meetings', 'clinical benefit', 'multiple vaccines', 'commercial infrastructure', 'approval pathway', 'continued approval', 'Ph.D.', 'Valneva Investor', 'chikungunya virus', 'prophylactic vaccines', 'third-party vaccines', 'Euronext Paris', 'management team', 'Thomas Lingelbach', 'San Francisco', 'infectious diseases', 'targeted approach', 'deep expertise', 'continued advancement', 'Zika virus', 'confirmatory studies', 'Media Contacts', 'Forward-Looking Statements', 'product candidates', 'currency fluctuations', 'preclinical studies', 'new information', 'future events', 'actual results', 'future results', 'institutional investors', 'Laetitia Bachelot-Fontaine', 'existing products', 'similar words', 'current expectations', 'unknown risks', 'Valneva Attachment', 'FDA-approved1 IXCHIQ®', 'Joshua Drumm', '1 Valneva', 'Saint-Herblain', 'France', 'January', 'Nasdaq', 'members', 'CEO', 'CFO', 'Phase', 'Pfizer', 'world', 'prevention', 'analysts', 'specialized', 'approvals', 'Revenues', 'CHIKV', 'individuals', '18 years', 'increased', 'exposure', 'indication', 'verification', 'description', 'respect', 'progress', 'timing', 'completion', 'research', 'review', 'addition', 'developments', 'cases', 'expects', 'aims', 'targets', 'number', 'uncertainties', 'performance', 'achievements', 'delays', 'manufacture', 'competition', 'general', 'impact', 'ability', 'patent', 'Success', 'light', 'assurance', 'presentation', 'materials', 'intention', 'obligation']",2024-01-04,2024-01-05,marketscreener.com
34646,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/GALAPAGOS-NV-6464/news/Galapagos-enters-into-strategic-collaboration-agreement-with-Thermo-Fisher-Scientific-to-further-exp-45676499/,Galapagos enters into strategic collaboration agreement with Thermo Fisher Scientific to further expand its decentralized CAR-T manufacturing network in the U.S.,(marketscreener.com) Thermo Fisher Scientific to provide CAR-T manufacturing and kitting services for Galapagos’ point-of-care CAR-T product candidate in the San Francisco areaAgreement follows previously announced collaboration with Landmark Bio for decentra…,Official GALAPAGOS NV press releaseThermo Fisher Scientific to provide CAR-T manufacturing and kitting services for Galapagos’ point-of-care CAR-T product candidate in the San Francisco areaAgreement follows previously announced collaboration with Landmark Bio for decentralized CAR-T manufacturing in the Boston areaMechelen  Belgium; 4 January 2024  22:01 CET; Galapagos NV (Euronext & NASDAQ: GLPG) today announced that it has entered into a strategic collaboration agreement with Thermo Fisher Scientific  Inc. (NYSE: TMO) (“Thermo Fisher”) for the decentralized manufacturing of Galapagos’ point-of-care CAR-T product candidate in the San Francisco area.Under the terms of the agreement  Thermo Fisher will provide GMP manufacturing as well as BioServices and Specialty Logistics for Galapagos’ CAR-T hemato-oncology clinical program in the San Francisco area  effective January 2024. Galapagos will initiate the technology transfer to enable Thermo Fisher’s manufacturing activities. This collaboration follows Galapagos’ agreement with Landmark Bio for decentralized CAR-T manufacturing in the Boston area announced in November 2023.“As we continue to execute on our global CAR-T expansion strategy  we are very pleased to collaborate with Thermo Fisher  a leader in accelerating life sciences research and the development of life-changing therapies ” said Dr. Paul Stoffels1  CEO and Chairman of Galapagos. “Together we will establish a decentralized CAR-T manufacturing network in the San Francisco area to support the rollout of our pivotal clinical trials and enhance our market readiness. This collaboration will advance Galapagos’ commitment to better meeting patient needs and making CAR-T therapies available to more patients through the rapid delivery of fit CAR-T cells.”​“This collaboration marks the start of an exciting journey to support Galapagos with their decentralized manufacturing strategy ” stated Jennifer Cannon  president of Commercial Operations for Thermo Fisher Scientific's Pharma Services organization. “As a continued investment in our broad range of cell and gene therapy capabilities  our recently opened San Francisco site provides expertise and flexibility in manufacturing  as well as BioServices & Specialty Logistics  to support customers such as Galapagos from early development work through commercialization.”Financial terms of the agreement are not disclosed.About Galapagos’ decentralized CAR-T manufacturing platformGalapagos’ decentralized  innovative point-of-care CAR-T manufacturing platform offers the potential for the administration of fit cells within a median vein-to-vein time of 7 days  greater physician control and exceptional patient experience. The platform consists of an end-to-end xCellit™ workflow management and monitoring software system  a decentralized  functionally closed  automated manufacturing platform for cell therapies (using Lonza’s Cocoon®) and a proprietary quality control testing and release strategy.About GalapagosWe are a global biotechnology company with operations in Europe and the US dedicated to developing transformational medicines for more years of life and quality of life. Focusing on high unmet medical needs  we synergize the most compelling science  technology  and collaborative approaches to create a deep pipeline of best-in-class small molecules  CAR-T therapies  and biologics in oncology and immunology. With capabilities from lab to patient  including a decentralized  point-of-care CAR-T manufacturing network  we are committed to challenging the status quo and delivering results for our patients  employees and shareholders. For additional information  please visit www.glpg.com or follow us on LinkedIn or X (formerly Twitter) .ContactMedia inquiries:Marieke Vermeersch+32 479 490 603media@glpg.com Investor inquiries:Sofie Van Gijsel+1 781 296 1143ir@glpg.comSandra Cauwenberghsir@glpg.comForward-looking statementsThis press release includes forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995  as amended. These statements are often  but not always  made through the use of words or phrases such as “will ” “aim ” “goal ” and any similar expressions. Forward-looking statements contained in this release include  but are not limited to  statements regarding Galapagos’ collaboration with Thermo Fisher. Forward-looking statements may involve unknown and known risks  uncertainties and other factors which might cause actual results to diﬀer materially from those referred to in the forward-looking statements and  therefore  the reader should not place undue reliance on them. These risks  uncertainties and other factors include  without limitation  the risk that Galapagos’ expectations regarding the collaboration with Thermo Fisher  including the potential benefits of such [collaboration]  may be incorrect  the inherent uncertainties associated with competitive developments  and regulatory approval requirements  risks associated with Galapagos' reliance on collaborations with third parties (including its collaboration partner Lonza)  as well as those risks and uncertainties identified in Galapagos’ Annual Report on Form 20-F for the year ended 31 December 2022 and its subsequent filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission. All statements other than statements of historical fact are statements that could be deemed forward-looking statements. The forward-looking statements contained herein are based on Galapagos management’s current expectations and beliefs and speak only as of the date hereof  and Galapagos makes no commitment to update or publicly release any revisions to forward-looking statements in order to reflect new information or subsequent events  circumstances or changes in expectations  unless required by law or regulation.1 Throughout this press release  ‘Dr. Paul Stoffels’ should be read as ‘Dr. Paul Stoffels  acting via Stoffels IMC BV’Attachment,neutral,0.03,0.96,0.01,mixed,0.4,0.36,0.24,True,English,"['decentralized CAR-T manufacturing network', 'strategic collaboration agreement', 'Thermo Fisher Scientific', 'U.S.', 'Galapagos', 'decentralized, functionally closed, automated manufacturing platform', 'Private Securities Litigation Reform Act', 'Galapagos’ CAR-T hemato-oncology clinical program', 'Official GALAPAGOS NV press release', 'Galapagos’ decentralized CAR-T manufacturing platform', 'high unmet medical needs', 'proprietary quality control testing', 'global CAR-T expansion strategy', 'decentralized CAR-T manufacturing network', 'Galapagos’ decentralized, innovative point', 'San Francisco area Agreement', 'pivotal clinical trials', 'greater physician control', 'global biotechnology company', 'decentralized manufacturing strategy', 'San Francisco site', 'CAR-T product candidate', 'Dr. Paul Stoffels', 'xCellit™ workflow management', 'monitoring software system', 'Sofie Van Gijsel', 'regulatory approval requirements', 'Pharma Services organization', 'compelling science, technology', 'gene therapy capabilities', 'early development work', 'exceptional patient experience', 'Thermo Fisher Scientific', 'life sciences research', 'strategic collaboration agreement', 'release strategy', 'CAR-T therapies', 'CAR-T cells', 'GMP manufacturing', 'manufacturing activities', 'patient needs', 'Boston area', 'Galapagos’ point', 'Galapagos’ agreement', 'kitting services', 'technology transfer', 'Galapagos’ commitment', 'Galapagos’ expectations', ""Galapagos' reliance"", 'Landmark Bio', 'Specialty Logistics', 'life-changing therapies', 'market readiness', 'rapid delivery', 'exciting journey', 'Jennifer Cannon', 'continued investment', 'broad range', 'median vein', 'vein time', 'transformational medicines', 'collaborative approaches', 'deep pipeline', 'small molecules', 'status quo', 'additional information', 'Media inquiries', 'Marieke Vermeersch', 'Investor inquiries', 'Sandra Cauwenberghs', 'similar expressions', 'other factors', 'undue reliance', 'competitive developments', 'third parties', 'Galapagos’ collaboration', 'Forward-looking statements', 'Commercial Operations', 'Financial terms', 'fit cells', 'cell therapies', 'actual results', 'potential benefits', 'known risks', 'inherent uncertainties', 'care', 'Mechelen', 'Belgium', '4 January', 'Euronext', 'NASDAQ', 'GLPG', 'NYSE', 'TMO', 'BioServices', 'November', 'leader', 'CEO', 'Chairman', 'rollout', 'patients', 'start', 'president', 'expertise', 'flexibility', 'customers', 'commercialization', 'administration', '7 days', 'end', 'Lonza', 'Cocoon®', 'Europe', 'years', 'class', 'biologics', 'immunology', 'employees', 'shareholders', 'LinkedIn', 'Twitter', 'Contact', 'meaning', 'use', 'words', 'phrases', 'will', 'aim', 'unknown', 'reader', 'limitation', 'collaborations', '22']",2024-01-04,2024-01-05,marketscreener.com
34647,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/BOUSSARD-GAVAUDAN-HOLDING-3840782/news/BGHL-GBP-NAV-s-45670580/,BGHL (GBP): NAV(s) -January 04  2024 at 01:31 am EST,(marketscreener.com)                                       BOUSSARD & GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITED Ordinary Shares The Directors of Boussard & Gavaudan Holding Limited...https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/BOUSSARD-GAVAUDAN-HOLDING-3840782/news/BGHL-GBP-NA…,"Official BOUSSARD & GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITED press releaseBOUSSARD & GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITEDOrdinary SharesThe Directors of Boussard & Gavaudan Holding Limited would like to announce the following information for the Company.Close of business 03 Jan 2024.Estimated NAVEuro Shares Sterling Shares Estimated NAV € 27.5943 £ 24.6140 Estimated MTD return 0.05 % 0.07 % Estimated YTD return 0.05 % 0.07 % Estimated ITD return 175.94 % 146.14 %NAV and returns are calculated net of management and performance feesMarket informationEuro Shares Amsterdam (AEX) London (LSE) Market Close € 25.20 N/A Premium/discount to estimated NAV -8.68 % N/A Sterling Shares Amsterdam (AEX) London (LSE) Market Close N/A GBX 2 050.00 Premium/discount to estimated NAV N/A -16.71 %Transactions in own securities purchased into treasuryOrdinary Shares Euro Shares Sterling Shares Number of shares N/A N/A Average Price N/A N/A Range of Price N/A N/ALiquidity Enhancement Agreement Euro Shares Sterling Shares Number of shares N/A N/A Average Price N/A N/ABGHL CapitalBGHL Ordinary Shares Euro Shares Sterling Shares Shares Outstanding 12 299 516 123 090 Held in treasury N/A N/A Shares Issued 12 299 516 123 090Estimated BG Fund NAVClass B Euro Shares (estimated) € 246.2363 Class GBP A Shares (estimated) £ 131.9146The Class B Euro Shares of BG Fund are not subject to investment manager fees  as the Investment Manager receives management fees and performance fees in respect of its role as Investment Manager of BGHL.For further information please contact:Boussard & Gavaudan Investment Management  LLP.Emmanuel Gavaudan +44 (0) 20 3751 5389 Email : info@bgam-uk.comThe Company is established as a closed-ended investment company domiciled in Guernsey. The Company has received the necessary approval of the Guernsey Financial Services Commission and the States of Guernsey Policy Council. The Company is registered with the Dutch Authority for the Financial Markets as a collective investment scheme pursuant to article 2:73 in conjunction with 2:66 of the Dutch Financial Supervision Act (Wet op het financieel toezicht). The shares of the Company (the ""Shares"") are listed on Euronext Amsterdam. The Shares are also listed on the Official List of the UK Listing Authority and admitted to trading on the London Stock Exchange plc's main market for listed securities.This is not an offer to sell or a solicitation of any offer to buy any securities in the United States or in any other jurisdiction. This announcement is not intended to and does not constitute  or form part of  any offer or invitation to purchase any securities or the solicitation of any vote or approval in any jurisdiction  nor shall there be any sale  issuance or transfer of the securities referred to in this announcement in any jurisdiction in contravention of applicable law.Neither the Company nor BG Fund ICAV has been  and neither will be  registered under the US Investment Company Act of 1940  as amended (the ""Investment Company Act""). In addition the securities referenced in this announcement have not been and will not be registered under the US Securities Act of 1933  as amended (the ""Securities Act""). Consequently any such securities may not be offered  sold or otherwise transferred within the United States or to  or for the account or benefit of  US persons except in accordance with the Securities Act or an exemption therefrom and under circumstances which will not require the issuer of such securities to register under the Investment Company Act. No public offering of any securities will be made in the United States.You should always bear in mind that:all investment is subject to risk;results in the past are no guarantee of future results;the investment performance of BGHL may go down as well as up. You may not get back all of your original investment; andif you are in any doubt about the contents of this communication or if you consider making an investment decision  you are advised to seek expert financial advice.This communication is for information purposes only and the information contained in this communication should not be relied upon as a substitute for financial or other professional advice.Attachment",neutral,0.01,0.99,0.01,negative,0.01,0.33,0.66,True,English,"['BGHL', 'GBP', 'January', '01', 'A Liquidity Enhancement Agreement Euro Shares Sterling Shares Number', 'GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITED press release', 'The Class B Euro Shares', 'BGHL Ordinary Shares Euro Shares', 'Class GBP A Shares', 'A N/A Average Price', 'N/A Sterling Shares Amsterdam', 'London Stock Exchange plc', 'Guernsey Financial Services Commission', 'treasury N/A N/A Shares', 'Dutch Financial Supervision Act', 'Sterling Shares Shares', 'Euro Shares Amsterdam', 'A N/A Range', 'US Investment Company Act', 'expert financial advice', 'Guernsey Policy Council', 'collective investment scheme', 'UK Listing Authority', 'other professional advice', 'BG Fund ICAV', 'Gavaudan Investment Management', 'closed-ended investment company', 'US Securities Act', 'investment manager fees', 'BG Fund NAV', 'The Shares', 'N/A GBX', 'Dutch Authority', 'Price N', 'Emmanuel Gavaudan', 'Euronext Amsterdam', 'US persons', 'Financial Markets', 'The Directors', 'The Company', 'investment performance', 'original investment', 'investment decision', 'performance fees', 'BGHL Capital', 'management fees', 'MTD return', 'YTD return', 'ITD return', 'financieel toezicht', 'Official List', 'applicable law', 'public offering', 'other jurisdiction', 'following information', 'further information', 'information purposes', 'main market', 'United States', 'Market information', 'necessary approval', 'future results', 'listed securities', 'Official BOUSSARD', 'LSE) Market', 'business', 'returns', 'AEX', 'Transactions', 'Outstanding', 'respect', 'role', 'LLP.', 'Email', 'bgam', 'article', 'conjunction', 'solicitation', 'announcement', 'part', 'invitation', 'vote', 'sale', 'issuance', 'transfer', 'contravention', 'addition', 'account', 'benefit', 'accordance', 'exemption', 'circumstances', 'issuer', 'mind', 'risk', 'past', 'guarantee', 'doubt', 'contents', 'communication', 'substitute', 'Attachment']",2024-01-04,2024-01-05,marketscreener.com
34648,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/ABIVAX-22387984/news/Abivax-2024-Financial-Communication-Calendar-45671276/,Abivax 2024 Financial Communication Calendar,(marketscreener.com) EQS-News: ABIVAX / Key word: MiscellaneousAbivax 2024 Financial Communication Calendar 04.01.2024 / 08:30 CET/CESTThe issuer is solely responsible for the content of this announcement.Abivax 2024 Financ…,EQS-News: ABIVAX / Key word(s): MiscellaneousAbivax 2024 Financial Communication Calendar04.01.2024 / 08:30 CET/CESTThe issuer is solely responsible for the content of this announcement.Abivax 2024 Financial Communication CalendarPARIS  France  January 4  2024  8:30 a.m. CET – Abivax SA (Euronext Paris & Nasdaq: ABVX) (“Abivax” or the “Company”)  a clinical-stage biotechnology company focused on developing therapeutics that harness the body’s natural regulatory mechanisms to modulate the immune response in patients with chronic inflammatory diseases  today publishes its 2024 financial communication calendar.Tuesday  April 2  20242023 Annual Business and Financial Report (as of December 31  2023)(Universal Registration Document 2024 and Annual Report on FORM 20-F)Thursday  May 30  2024 – 10:00 a.m. CEST| 4:00 p.m. ESTShareholders’ MeetingMonday  September 9  20242024 Half-Year Business and Financial Report (as of June 30  2024)(Half-Year Financial Report 2024 and Report on FORM 6-K)Thursday  November 7  2024Third Quarter 2024 Financial Information (as of September 30  2024)(Report on FORM 6-K)The 2024 financial communications calendar can also be found on the Abivax website.About AbivaxAbivax is a clinical-stage biotechnology company focused on developing therapeutics that harness the body’s natural regulatory mechanisms to modulate the immune response in patients with chronic inflammatory diseases. Based in France and the U.S.  Abivax’s lead drug candidate  obefazimod (ABX464)  is in Phase 3 clinical trials for the treatment of moderately to severely active ulcerative colitis. More information on the Company is available at www.abivax.com. Follow us on X  formerly Twitter  @ABIVAX.Contacts:Abivax CommunicationsRegina Jehleregina.jehle@abivax.com+33 6 24 60 69 63 Abivax Investor RelationsPatrick Malloypatrick.malloy@abivax.com+1 847 987 4878FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTSThis press release contains forward-looking statements  forecasts and estimates  including those relating to the Company’s business and financial objectives. Words such as “continue ” “could ” “expect ” “goal ” “intend ” “objective ” ”will” and variations of such words and similar expressions are intended to identify forward-looking statements. Although Abivax’s management believes that the expectations reflected in such forward-looking statements are reasonable  investors are cautioned that forward-looking information and statements are subject to various risks  contingencies and uncertainties  many of which are difficult to predict and generally beyond the control of Abivax  that could cause actual results and developments to differ materially from those expressed in  or implied or projected by  the forward-looking information and statements. A description of these risks  contingencies and uncertainties can be found in the documents filed by the Company with the French Autorité des Marchés Financiers pursuant to its legal obligations including its universal registration document (Document d’Enregistrement Universel). These risks  contingencies and uncertainties include among other things  the uncertainties inherent in research and development  future clinical data and analysis  decisions by regulatory authorities  such as the FDA or the EMA  regarding whether and when to approve any drug candidate  as well as their decisions regarding labelling and other matters that could affect the availability or commercial potential of such product candidates. Special consideration should be given to the potential hurdles of clinical and pharmaceutical development including further assessment by the company and regulatory agencies and IRBs/ethics committees following the assessment of preclinical  pharmacokinetic  carcinogenicity  toxicity  CMC and clinical data. Furthermore  these forward-looking statements  forecasts and estimates are only as of the date of this press release. Readers are cautioned not to place undue reliance on these forward-looking statements. Abivax disclaims any obligation to update these forward-looking statements  forecasts or estimates to reflect any subsequent changes that the Company becomes aware of  except as required by law. Information about pharmaceutical products (including products currently in development) which is included in this press release is not intended to constitute an advertisement. This press release is for information purposes only  and the information contained herein does not constitute either an offer to sell  or the solicitation of an offer to purchase or subscribe securities of the Company in any jurisdiction. Similarly  it does not give and should not be treated as giving investment advice. It has no connection with the investment objectives  financial situation or specific needs of any recipient. It should not be regarded by recipients as a substitute for exercise of their own judgment. All opinions expressed herein are subject to change without notice. The distribution of this document may be restricted by law in certain jurisdictions. Persons into whose possession this document comes are required to inform themselves about and to observe any such restrictions.,neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,negative,0.03,0.39,0.58,True,English,"['Abivax 2024 Financial Communication Calendar', 'French Autorité des Marchés Financiers', 'Third Quarter 2024 Financial Information', 'Abivax 2024 Financial Communication Calendar', 'chronic inflammatory diseases', 'active ulcerative colitis', 'preclinical, pharmacokinetic, carcinogenicity', '2024 financial communications calendar', 'natural regulatory mechanisms', 'Phase 3 clinical trials', 'Universal Registration Document', 'lead drug candidate', 'Regina Jehle regina', 'Patrick Malloy patrick', 'future clinical data', 'Abivax Investor Relations', 'clinical-stage biotechnology company', 'Half-Year Financial Report', 'U.S.', 'financial objectives', 'financial situation', 'regulatory authorities', 'regulatory agencies', '2024 Half-Year Business', 'Abivax Communications', 'Key word', 'immune response', 'Shareholders’ Meeting', 'More information', 'press release', 'similar expressions', 'forward-looking information', 'actual results', 'legal obligations', 'Enregistrement Universel', 'other things', 'other matters', 'commercial potential', 'product candidates', 'Special consideration', 'potential hurdles', 'IRBs/ethics committees', 'undue reliance', 'subsequent changes', 'information purposes', 'investment advice', 'investment objectives', 'specific needs', 'Annual Report', 'FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS', '2023 Annual Business', 'Abivax SA', 'Abivax website', 'Euronext Paris', 'pharmaceutical products', 'FORM 6-K', 'various risks', 'pharmaceutical development', 'EQS-News', 'Miscellaneous', '30 CET', 'CEST', 'issuer', 'content', 'announcement', 'France', 'January', 'Nasdaq', 'ABVX', 'therapeutics', 'body', 'patients', 'Tuesday', 'April', 'December', 'Thursday', 'May', '10:00 a', 'Monday', 'June', 'September', 'obefazimod', 'ABX46', 'treatment', 'Twitter', 'Contacts', 'forecasts', 'estimates', 'Words', 'variations', 'management', 'expectations', 'investors', 'contingencies', 'uncertainties', 'control', 'developments', 'description', 'documents', 'research', 'analysis', 'decisions', 'FDA', 'EMA', 'labelling', 'availability', 'assessment', 'toxicity', 'CMC', 'Readers', 'law', 'advertisement', 'offer', 'solicitation', 'securities', 'jurisdiction', 'connection', 'recipient', 'substitute', 'exercise', 'judgment', 'opinions', 'notice', 'distribution', 'Persons', 'wh', '8:30', '4:00']",2024-01-04,2024-01-05,marketscreener.com
34649,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.etfdailynews.com/2024/01/04/public-storage-nysepsa-stock-position-increased-by-stonegate-investment-group-llc/,Public Storage (NYSE:PSA) Stock Position Increased by Stonegate Investment Group LLC,Stonegate Investment Group LLC boosted its position in Public Storage (NYSE:PSA – Free Report) by 12.3% during the 3rd quarter  according to the company in its most recent filing with the Securities & Exchange Commission. The fund owned 1 819 shares of the re…,Stonegate Investment Group LLC boosted its position in Public Storage (NYSE:PSA – Free Report) by 12.3% during the 3rd quarter  according to the company in its most recent filing with the Securities & Exchange Commission. The fund owned 1 819 shares of the real estate investment trust’s stock after purchasing an additional 199 shares during the quarter. Stonegate Investment Group LLC’s holdings in Public Storage were worth $479 000 at the end of the most recent quarter.Other hedge funds have also recently bought and sold shares of the company. Kinneret Advisory LLC grew its position in Public Storage by 2.3% in the first quarter. Kinneret Advisory LLC now owns 1 678 shares of the real estate investment trust’s stock worth $655 000 after acquiring an additional 37 shares in the last quarter. Covestor Ltd boosted its holdings in shares of Public Storage by 5.9% during the 2nd quarter. Covestor Ltd now owns 677 shares of the real estate investment trust’s stock worth $198 000 after buying an additional 38 shares during the period. Merit Financial Group LLC boosted its holdings in shares of Public Storage by 1.0% during the 2nd quarter. Merit Financial Group LLC now owns 4 173 shares of the real estate investment trust’s stock worth $1 218 000 after buying an additional 40 shares during the period. Lincoln National Corp boosted its holdings in shares of Public Storage by 1.3% during the 2nd quarter. Lincoln National Corp now owns 3 216 shares of the real estate investment trust’s stock worth $939 000 after buying an additional 40 shares during the period. Finally  Albert D Mason Inc. boosted its holdings in shares of Public Storage by 3.7% during the 3rd quarter. Albert D Mason Inc. now owns 1 153 shares of the real estate investment trust’s stock worth $304 000 after buying an additional 41 shares during the period. 78.75% of the stock is currently owned by institutional investors.Get Public Storage alerts:Analyst Upgrades and DowngradesPSA has been the subject of several recent analyst reports. Stifel Nicolaus decreased their price objective on shares of Public Storage from $360.00 to $340.00 and set a “buy” rating for the company in a report on Wednesday  September 13th. StockNews.com initiated coverage on shares of Public Storage in a report on Saturday  October 21st. They set a “hold” rating for the company. Morgan Stanley assumed coverage on shares of Public Storage in a report on Thursday  September 21st. They set an “equal weight” rating and a $250.00 price objective for the company. Evercore ISI increased their price target on shares of Public Storage from $268.00 to $271.00 and gave the company an “in-line” rating in a report on Monday  November 27th. Finally  Wells Fargo & Company downgraded shares of Public Storage from an “overweight” rating to an “equal weight” rating and increased their price target for the company from $270.00 to $280.00 in a report on Tuesday  December 12th. Five research analysts have rated the stock with a hold rating and four have given a buy rating to the company. According to data from MarketBeat  Public Storage has a consensus rating of “Hold” and a consensus target price of $298.57.Public Storage Trading Down 2.8 %Shares of PSA stock opened at $303.01 on Thursday. Public Storage has a 52-week low of $233.18 and a 52-week high of $316.48. The stock has a market cap of $53.28 billion  a price-to-earnings ratio of 27.77  a P/E/G ratio of 4.29 and a beta of 0.55. The company has a debt-to-equity ratio of 1.54  a quick ratio of 0.98 and a current ratio of 0.98. The firm has a fifty day moving average of $269.49 and a 200-day moving average of $274.77.Public Storage (NYSE:PSA – Get Free Report) last announced its quarterly earnings data on Monday  October 30th. The real estate investment trust reported $3.20 earnings per share (EPS) for the quarter  missing analysts’ consensus estimates of $4.21 by ($1.01). Public Storage had a net margin of 45.46% and a return on equity of 34.76%. The business had revenue of $1.14 billion during the quarter  compared to analyst estimates of $1.14 billion. During the same quarter in the prior year  the company posted $4.13 EPS. The company’s quarterly revenue was up 5.1% compared to the same quarter last year. On average  equities research analysts forecast that Public Storage will post 16.82 earnings per share for the current fiscal year.Public Storage Dividend AnnouncementThe firm also recently disclosed a quarterly dividend  which was paid on Thursday  December 28th. Stockholders of record on Wednesday  December 13th were paid a $3.00 dividend. This represents a $12.00 dividend on an annualized basis and a dividend yield of 3.96%. The ex-dividend date was Tuesday  December 12th. Public Storage’s dividend payout ratio is 109.99%.Insider ActivityIn related news  Director Avedick Baruyr Poladian sold 5 000 shares of the stock in a transaction dated Monday  November 20th. The shares were sold at an average price of $259.35  for a total transaction of $1 296 750.00. Following the completion of the sale  the director now owns 30 163 shares in the company  valued at approximately $7 822 774.05. The sale was disclosed in a filing with the Securities & Exchange Commission  which is available at the SEC website. In related news  insider Nathaniel A. Vitan sold 400 shares of the stock in a transaction dated Friday  November 10th. The shares were sold at an average price of $245.37  for a total transaction of $98 148.00. Following the completion of the sale  the insider now owns 13 286 shares in the company  valued at approximately $3 259 985.82. The sale was disclosed in a filing with the Securities & Exchange Commission  which is available at the SEC website. Also  Director Avedick Baruyr Poladian sold 5 000 shares of the stock in a transaction dated Monday  November 20th. The stock was sold at an average price of $259.35  for a total transaction of $1 296 750.00. Following the sale  the director now owns 30 163 shares of the company’s stock  valued at approximately $7 822 774.05. The disclosure for this sale can be found here. In the last 90 days  insiders sold 55 665 shares of company stock worth $15 268 673. 11.00% of the stock is currently owned by corporate insiders.About Public Storage(Free Report)Public Storage  a member of the S&P 500 and FT Global 500  is a REIT that primarily acquires  develops  owns  and operates self-storage facilities. At September 30  2023  we had: (i) interests in 3 028 self-storage facilities located in 40 states with approximately 217 million net rentable square feet in the United States and (ii) a 35% common equity interest in Shurgard Self Storage Limited (Euronext Brussels: SHUR)  which owned 267 self-storage facilities located in seven Western European nations with approximately 15 million net rentable square feet operated under the Shurgard brand.See AlsoReceive News & Ratings for Public Storage Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Public Storage and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.,neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,negative,0.02,0.45,0.54,True,English,"['Stonegate Investment Group LLC', 'PSA) Stock Position', 'Public Storage', 'NYSE', 'real estate investment trust', 'Albert D Mason Inc.', 'Stonegate Investment Group LLC', 'Merit Financial Group LLC', 'fifty day moving average', 'Director Avedick Baruyr Poladian', 'several recent analyst reports', 'Public Storage Dividend Announcement', 'Kinneret Advisory LLC', '200-day moving average', 'Other hedge funds', 'Lincoln National Corp', 'Five research analysts', 'equities research analysts', 'analysts’ consensus estimates', 'equal weight” rating', 'current fiscal year', 'Public Storage alerts', 'Public Storage Trading', 'dividend payout ratio', 'consensus target price', 'Get Free Report', 'quarterly earnings data', 'analyst estimates', 'average price', 'consensus rating', 'recent filing', 'Analyst Upgrades', 'current ratio', 'prior year', 'quarterly dividend', 'recent quarter', 'price target', 'earnings ratio', 'P/E/G ratio', 'quick ratio', 'dividend yield', 'buy” rating', 'hold” rating', 'overweight” rating', 'hold rating', 'buy rating', 'Exchange Commission', 'Covestor Ltd', 'institutional investors', 'Stifel Nicolaus', 'price objective', 'StockNews.com', 'Morgan Stanley', 'Evercore ISI', 'Wells Fargo', '52-week low', '52-week high', 'market cap', 'net margin', 'annualized basis', 'ex-dividend date', 'Insider Activity', 'related news', 'quarterly revenue', '3rd quarter', 'first quarter', 'last quarter', '2nd quarter', 'same quarter', 'equity ratio', 'total transaction', 'additional 199 shares', 'additional 37 shares', 'additional 38 shares', 'additional 40 shares', 'additional 41 shares', 'NYSE:PSA', 'PSA stock', '$3.00 dividend', '$12.00 dividend', '16.82 earnings', '1,819 shares', '1,678 shares', '677 shares', '4,173 shares', '3,216 shares', '1,153 shares', '5,000 shares', '30,163 shares', 'position', 'company', 'Securities', 'holdings', 'period', 'Downgrades', 'subject', 'Wednesday', 'September', 'coverage', 'Saturday', 'October', 'Thursday', 'line', 'Monday', 'November', 'Tuesday', 'December', 'MarketBeat', 'beta', 'debt', 'firm', 'EPS', 'missing', 'return', 'business', 'Stockholders', 'record', 'completion', 'sale']",2024-01-04,2024-01-05,etfdailynews.com
34650,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.etfdailynews.com/2024/01/04/legacy-financial-group-llc-invests-48000-in-public-storage-nysepsa/,Legacy Financial Group LLC Invests $48 000 in Public Storage (NYSE:PSA),Legacy Financial Group LLC bought a new stake in shares of Public Storage (NYSE:PSA – Free Report) in the 3rd quarter  according to its most recent 13F filing with the Securities and Exchange Commission. The institutional investor bought 184 shares of the rea…,Legacy Financial Group LLC bought a new stake in shares of Public Storage (NYSE:PSA – Free Report) in the 3rd quarter  according to its most recent 13F filing with the Securities and Exchange Commission. The institutional investor bought 184 shares of the real estate investment trust’s stock  valued at approximately $48 000.Several other institutional investors also recently bought and sold shares of PSA. AMI Investment Management Inc. purchased a new stake in Public Storage during the 1st quarter valued at about $267 000. Blair William & Co. IL boosted its holdings in Public Storage by 7.3% during the 1st quarter. Blair William & Co. IL now owns 2 668 shares of the real estate investment trust’s stock valued at $1 041 000 after acquiring an additional 182 shares during the period. Prudential PLC bought a new position in Public Storage during the 1st quarter valued at approximately $1 374 000. Sequoia Financial Advisors LLC bought a new position in Public Storage during the 1st quarter valued at approximately $398 000. Finally  Candriam Luxembourg S.C.A. raised its position in Public Storage by 19.0% during the 1st quarter. Candriam Luxembourg S.C.A. now owns 13 506 shares of the real estate investment trust’s stock valued at $5 271 000 after purchasing an additional 2 156 shares during the last quarter. 78.75% of the stock is currently owned by hedge funds and other institutional investors.Get Public Storage alerts:Public Storage Stock PerformanceShares of PSA stock opened at $303.01 on Thursday. The company has a market capitalization of $53.28 billion  a price-to-earnings ratio of 27.77  a price-to-earnings-growth ratio of 4.29 and a beta of 0.55. The company has a debt-to-equity ratio of 1.54  a quick ratio of 0.98 and a current ratio of 0.98. Public Storage has a one year low of $233.18 and a one year high of $316.48. The company’s 50-day moving average is $269.49 and its 200 day moving average is $274.77.Public Storage Dividend AnnouncementPublic Storage ( NYSE:PSA Get Free Report ) last issued its earnings results on Monday  October 30th. The real estate investment trust reported $3.20 earnings per share (EPS) for the quarter  missing the consensus estimate of $4.21 by ($1.01). The firm had revenue of $1.14 billion during the quarter  compared to the consensus estimate of $1.14 billion. Public Storage had a return on equity of 34.76% and a net margin of 45.46%. The company’s quarterly revenue was up 5.1% on a year-over-year basis. During the same quarter in the prior year  the company posted $4.13 EPS. Sell-side analysts expect that Public Storage will post 16.82 EPS for the current fiscal year.The company also recently announced a quarterly dividend  which was paid on Thursday  December 28th. Stockholders of record on Wednesday  December 13th were paid a $3.00 dividend. The ex-dividend date was Tuesday  December 12th. This represents a $12.00 annualized dividend and a dividend yield of 3.96%. Public Storage’s dividend payout ratio is presently 109.99%.Insider Transactions at Public StorageIn other news  insider Nathaniel A. Vitan sold 400 shares of the company’s stock in a transaction that occurred on Friday  November 10th. The shares were sold at an average price of $245.37  for a total value of $98 148.00. Following the transaction  the insider now owns 13 286 shares in the company  valued at $3 259 985.82. The sale was disclosed in a legal filing with the SEC  which is available at this link. In other news  insider Nathaniel A. Vitan sold 400 shares of the business’s stock in a transaction that occurred on Friday  November 10th. The shares were sold at an average price of $245.37  for a total transaction of $98 148.00. Following the completion of the transaction  the insider now directly owns 13 286 shares of the company’s stock  valued at $3 259 985.82. The transaction was disclosed in a filing with the Securities & Exchange Commission  which can be accessed through the SEC website. Also  Director Avedick Baruyr Poladian sold 5 000 shares of the business’s stock in a transaction that occurred on Monday  November 20th. The shares were sold at an average price of $259.35  for a total transaction of $1 296 750.00. Following the transaction  the director now directly owns 30 163 shares of the company’s stock  valued at $7 822 774.05. The disclosure for this sale can be found here. Over the last 90 days  insiders have sold 55 665 shares of company stock worth $15 268 673. Corporate insiders own 11.00% of the company’s stock.Analysts Set New Price TargetsPSA has been the subject of a number of recent analyst reports. Stifel Nicolaus lowered their price target on Public Storage from $360.00 to $340.00 and set a “buy” rating for the company in a research report on Wednesday  September 13th. StockNews.com initiated coverage on Public Storage in a research report on Saturday  October 21st. They set a “hold” rating for the company. Wells Fargo & Company lowered Public Storage from an “overweight” rating to an “equal weight” rating and upped their price target for the company from $270.00 to $280.00 in a research report on Tuesday  December 12th. Evercore ISI increased their target price on Public Storage from $268.00 to $271.00 and gave the stock an “in-line” rating in a research report on Monday  November 27th. Finally  Truist Financial increased their target price on Public Storage from $285.00 to $315.00 and gave the stock a “buy” rating in a research report on Thursday  December 28th. Five investment analysts have rated the stock with a hold rating and four have issued a buy rating to the stock. According to MarketBeat.com  Public Storage currently has an average rating of “Hold” and a consensus price target of $298.57.Read Our Latest Stock Report on Public StoragePublic Storage Profile(Free Report)Public Storage  a member of the S&P 500 and FT Global 500  is a REIT that primarily acquires  develops  owns  and operates self-storage facilities. At September 30  2023  we had: (i) interests in 3 028 self-storage facilities located in 40 states with approximately 217 million net rentable square feet in the United States and (ii) a 35% common equity interest in Shurgard Self Storage Limited (Euronext Brussels: SHUR)  which owned 267 self-storage facilities located in seven Western European nations with approximately 15 million net rentable square feet operated under the Shurgard brand.See AlsoReceive News & Ratings for Public Storage Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Public Storage and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.,neutral,0.03,0.97,0.01,negative,0.01,0.37,0.62,True,English,"['Legacy Financial Group LLC', 'Public Storage', 'NYSE', 'PSA', 'Candriam Luxembourg S.C.A.', 'Public Storage Dividend Announcement Public Storage', 'Legacy Financial Group LLC', 'real estate investment trust', 'AMI Investment Management Inc.', 'Sequoia Financial Advisors LLC', 'Director Avedick Baruyr Poladian', 'Several other institutional investors', 'Public Storage Stock Performance', 'Nathaniel A. Vitan', 'recent analyst reports', '50-day moving average', '200 day moving average', 'equal weight” rating', 'Public Storage alerts', 'recent 13F filing', 'dividend payout ratio', 'current fiscal year', 'New Price Targets', 'other news', 'current ratio', 'quarterly dividend', '$12.00 annualized dividend', 'dividend yield', 'average price', 'buy” rating', 'hold” rating', 'overweight” rating', 'new stake', 'growth ratio', 'quick ratio', 'Free Report', 'Exchange Commission', 'Co. IL', 'Prudential PLC', 'hedge funds', 'market capitalization', 'one year', 'consensus estimate', 'net margin', 'year basis', 'prior year', 'ex-dividend date', 'total value', 'legal filing', 'last 90 days', 'Stifel Nicolaus', 'research report', 'StockNews.com', 'Wells Fargo', 'new position', 'earnings ratio', '3rd quarter', '1st quarter', 'last quarter', 'same quarter', 'earnings results', 'equity ratio', 'quarterly revenue', 'Sell-side analysts', 'SEC website', 'Corporate insiders', 'total transaction', 'Insider Transactions', 'additional 182 shares', 'additional 2,156 shares', 'NYSE:PSA', 'PSA stock', '$3.00 dividend', 'company stock', '184 shares', '2,668 shares', '13,506 shares', '400 shares', '13,286 shares', '5,000 shares', '30,163 shares', '55,665 shares', 'Securities', 'Blair', 'William', 'holdings', 'period', 'Thursday', 'beta', 'debt', 'Monday', 'October', 'EPS', 'firm', 'return', 'December', 'Stockholders', 'record', 'Wednesday', 'Tuesday', 'Friday', 'November', 'sale', 'link', 'business', 'completion', 'disclosure', 'subject', 'number', 'September', 'coverage', 'Saturday', '34.', '45.', '3.96', '11.']",2024-01-04,2024-01-05,etfdailynews.com
34651,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/WAVESTONE-45568714/news/Wavestone-Liquidity-contract-yearly-report-45675739/,Wavestone : Liquidity contract yearly report -January 04  2024 at 12:05 pm EST,(marketscreener.com)  On 31 December 2023 and according to Wavestone's agreement with Portzamparc – BNP PARIBAS Group  the following means were dedicated to implement the liquidity contract:14 950 Wavestone shares€ 854 269.13 in cashNote that at the lau…,"Official WAVESTONE press releaseOn 31 December 2023 and according to Wavestone's agreement with Portzamparc – BNP PARIBAS Group  the following means were dedicated to implement the liquidity contract:14 950 Wavestone shares€ 854 269.13 in cashNote that at the launch of the contract (on the launch date of the contract  in accordance with AMF decision n°2018-01 of July 2  2018 – position on December 31  2018) the means were the following:36 611 Wavestone shares€ 88 633.74 in cashDuring the second half of 2023  it has been negotiated a total of:PURCHASES 46 327 shares € 2 330 330.49 533 transactions SALES 49 077 shares € 2 486 743.83 555 transactionsAbout WavestoneWavestone  a leading independent consultancy headquartered in France  and Q_PERIOR  a consulting leader in the Germany-Switzerland-Austria region  joined forces in 2023 to become the most trusted partner for critical transformations.Drawing on more than 5 500 employees across Europe  North America and Asia  the firm combines seamlessly first-class sector expertise with a 360° transformation portfolio of high-value consulting services.Wavestone is listed on Euronext Paris and recognized as a Great Place to Work®.WavestonePascal ImbertCEOTel.: +33 (0)1 49 03 20 00Justine BrossetFinancial CommunicationTel.: +33 (0)1 49 03 20 00 ActusMathieu OmnesInvestor and Analyst RelationsTel.: +33 (0)1 53 67 36 92Deborah SchwartzPress relationsTel.: +33 (0)1 53 67 36 35Details[1] of the transactions executed: purchases on the one hand and sales on the other hand; in an aggregated table for each trading day of the 2nd half of 2023PURCHASES SALES Date Number of transactions Number of shares Traded capital(in euros) Date Number of transactions Number of shares Traded capital(in euros) TOTAL 533 46 327 2 330 330.49 TOTAL 555 49 077 2 486 743.83 07/03/2023 4 400 20 060 07/03/2023 9 900 45 590.04 07/04/2023 1 100 5 140 07/04/2023 6 600 30 940.02 07/05/2023 11 850 43 739.98 07/05/2023 7 621 32 121.97 07/06/2023 8 800 40 620 07/06/2023 4 354 18 155.6 07/07/2023 1 100 5 010 07/07/2023 4 400 20 150 07/10/2023 6 501 25 200.7 07/10/2023 3 19 962.2 07/11/2023 3 201 10 060.09 07/11/2023 2 101 5 080.1 07/12/2023 11 1 001 49 600.15 07/12/2023 11 965 48 183.03 07/13/2023 5 401 20 070.21 07/13/2023 4 301 15 140.21 07/14/2023 5 331 16 610.31 07/14/2023 1 1 50.3 07/17/2023 4 301 14 855.01 07/17/2023 4 301 14 945.01 07/18/2023 1 1 49.2 07/18/2023 5 401 19 849.22 07/19/2023 3 212 10 396.8 07/19/2023 5 500 24 750 07/20/2023 11 927 45 674.96 07/24/2023 3 201 9 698.45 07/21/2023 7 624 30 224.38 07/25/2023 6 501 24 198.1 07/24/2023 10 901 43 413.42 07/26/2023 19 1 707 86 994.52 07/25/2023 3 137 6 592.49 07/27/2023 18 1 701 88 250.94 07/26/2023 19 1 707 85 571.06 07/28/2023 8 701 37 453.17 07/27/2023 1 1 51 07/31/2023 5 500 27 040 07/28/2023 6 428 22 656.09 08/01/2023 4 301 16 494.8 07/31/2023 4 500 26 940 08/02/2023 10 1 000 54 340 08/01/2023 3 202 10 927.8 08/03/2023 9 900 48 629.97 08/02/2023 7 700 37 760.03 08/04/2023 1 1 54 08/03/2023 6 600 32 110.02 08/07/2023 5 500 26 630 08/04/2023 6 600 32 059.98 08/08/2023 1 1 53.6 08/07/2023 4 290 15 327.4 08/09/2023 8 750 40 089.98 08/08/2023 5 500 26 530 08/10/2023 4 400 21 850 08/09/2023 1 37 1 953.6 08/11/2023 1 100 5 440 08/10/2023 6 600 32 602.32 08/14/2023 5 500 27 180 08/11/2023 6 508 27 468.78 08/15/2023 4 400 21 860 08/14/2023 1 65 3 510 08/16/2023 2 114 6 225.8 08/15/2023 4 336 18 267.61 08/17/2023 1 100 5 460 08/16/2023 4 400 21 740 08/18/2023 5 500 26 870 08/17/2023 6 600 32 419.98 08/22/2023 7 700 37 250.01 08/18/2023 2 200 10 670 08/23/2023 3 270 14 630 08/21/2023 7 647 34 552.78 08/24/2023 4 301 16 334.19 08/23/2023 6 458 24 662.2 08/25/2023 4 400 21 230 08/24/2023 10 826 44 414.19 08/28/2023 4 400 21 190 08/25/2023 3 242 12 787.59 08/29/2023 2 200 10 680 08/28/2023 1 100 5 260 08/30/2023 3 201 10 793.4 08/29/2023 4 220 11 682 08/31/2023 5 401 21 664.59 08/30/2023 2 15 802.3 09/01/2023 1 20 1 094 08/31/2023 1 36 1 940.4 09/05/2023 7 626 33 446.62 09/01/2023 4 364 19 782.42 09/06/2023 3 300 16 179.99 09/04/2023 6 600 32 260.02 09/07/2023 1 100 5 370 09/05/2023 2 200 10 610 09/08/2023 4 206 10 878.51 09/06/2023 5 500 26 900 09/11/2023 1 100 5 330 09/07/2023 7 601 31 932.51 09/12/2023 2 137 7 155.1 09/08/2023 1 1 52.5 09/13/2023 4 384 20 021.61 09/11/2023 7 647 34 023.98 09/14/2023 2 4 208.4 09/12/2023 2 148 7 686.39 09/15/2023 2 200 10 380 09/13/2023 3 203 10 494.21 09/19/2023 6 570 28 750 09/14/2023 8 471 24 161.12 09/20/2023 5 401 20 320.51 09/15/2023 7 700 35 910 09/21/2023 1 12 610.8 09/18/2023 4 400 20 000 09/22/2023 3 201 10 049.7 09/19/2023 3 170 8 495 09/25/2023 1 9 448.2 09/20/2023 2 101 5 060.5 09/26/2023 4 403 19 515.8 09/21/2023 6 600 30 139.98 09/27/2023 5 416 20 320.39 09/22/2023 2 101 4 999.7 09/28/2023 5 421 20 809.31 09/25/2023 4 400 19 750 09/29/2023 5 414 20 676.98 09/26/2023 3 300 14 460 10/02/2023 4 400 19 980 09/27/2023 1 80 3 864 10/03/2023 1 100 4 980 09/28/2023 5 321 15 746.3 10/04/2023 2 200 9 790 09/29/2023 1 100 4 950 10/05/2023 2 200 9 740 10/02/2023 1 70 3 472 10/06/2023 5 386 18 615 10/03/2023 4 400 19 740 10/09/2023 3 201 9 667.66 10/04/2023 3 300 14 630.01 10/10/2023 15 1 356 64 909.41 10/05/2023 7 700 33 740 10/11/2023 2 101 4 873.1 10/06/2023 8 701 33 217.73 10/12/2023 1 1 47.8 10/09/2023 16 1 501 71 002.7 10/13/2023 3 201 9 215.99 10/10/2023 1 1 46.95 10/17/2023 2 2 89.55 10/11/2023 6 426 20 464.36 10/18/2023 1 100 4 445 10/12/2023 9 751 35 142.82 10/19/2023 5 425 18 664.98 10/13/2023 2 200 9 100 10/23/2023 6 532 22 908.82 10/16/2023 2 200 8 960 10/24/2023 1 100 4 310 10/17/2023 5 401 17 814.95 10/26/2023 3 300 12 609.99 10/18/2023 6 460 20 258.49 10/27/2023 1 5 212.75 10/19/2023 2 200 8 725 10/30/2023 2 200 8 340 10/20/2023 6 501 21 782.88 10/31/2023 8 800 34 320 10/23/2023 5 350 14 962.5 11/01/2023 5 417 17 605.78 10/24/2023 2 200 8 540 11/02/2023 15 1 450 62 305.05 10/25/2023 5 390 16 456.01 11/03/2023 5 500 22 025 10/26/2023 1 70 2 894.5 11/06/2023 4 400 17 760 10/27/2023 5 344 14 406.79 11/08/2023 4 317 13 859.72 10/30/2023 4 370 15 218.99 11/09/2023 8 800 35 825.04 11/01/2023 4 400 16 830 11/10/2023 3 350 16 128.25 11/06/2023 3 207 9 126.61 11/13/2023 2 200 9 320 11/07/2023 2 200 8 700 11/14/2023 6 600 28 069.98 11/08/2023 1 100 4 330 11/15/2023 6 600 28 530 11/10/2023 3 300 13 740 11/16/2023 3 203 9 742.5 11/13/2023 5 470 21 679.5 11/17/2023 4 400 19 130 11/14/2023 1 100 4 570 11/20/2023 2 61 2 922 11/15/2023 3 300 14 109.99 11/21/2023 1 100 4 750 11/16/2023 3 212 10 001.61 11/22/2023 2 128 6 021.61 11/17/2023 1 100 4 770 11/23/2023 2 144 6 762.4 11/20/2023 5 401 19 017.34 11/24/2023 3 251 11 756.69 11/21/2023 4 400 18 825 11/27/2023 4 375 17 554.99 11/22/2023 1 22 1 027.4 11/28/2023 8 768 35 920.97 11/23/2023 3 300 14 060.01 11/29/2023 4 400 18 940 11/24/2023 3 151 7 049.19 11/30/2023 5 401 19 112.7 11/27/2023 2 200 9 310 12/01/2023 4 361 17 157.79 11/28/2023 4 400 18 550 12/04/2023 1 100 4 750 11/29/2023 2 180 8 426 12/05/2023 7 800 38 120 11/30/2023 5 500 23 290 12/06/2023 4 400 19 760 12/01/2023 4 330 15 628.01 12/07/2023 4 395 19 758.02 12/04/2023 9 900 41 889.96 12/08/2023 2 200 9 898.2 12/07/2023 5 500 24 780 12/11/2023 3 201 10 010 12/08/2023 2 200 9 800 12/12/2023 2 200 9 860 12/11/2023 4 400 19 720 12/13/2023 11 850 42 949.99 12/12/2023 2 200 9 820 12/14/2023 9 850 45 655.03 12/13/2023 1 100 4 970 12/15/2023 9 838 46 645.59 12/14/2023 3 205 10 853.5 12/18/2023 8 800 45 240 12/15/2023 5 471 25 930.81 12/19/2023 8 635 36 844.48 12/18/2023 2 200 11 140 12/21/2023 7 700 39 599.98 12/19/2023 6 900 51 900.03 12/22/2023 9 900 51 611.49 12/20/2023 10 850 48 299.98 12/27/2023 9 801 46 817.97 12/21/2023 3 300 16 860 12/28/2023 14 1 301 76 488.52 12/22/2023 3 300 17 060.01 12/29/2023 3 131 7 744.9 12/27/2023 5 376 21 778 12/28/2023 5 401 23 398.51 12/29/2023 7 601 35 248.89[1] Number of transactions and volume (number of shares and traded capital)This publication embed ""🔒 Actusnews SECURITY MASTER "".- SECURITY MASTER Key: mWlvkcpnapuYx3GbZsmamGOVb2yTmpGbZmLIl5OdZZzGcJ1il5iSmZbHZnFkmmhs- Check this key: https://www.security-master-key.com .Regulated information:Acquisition or disposal of the issuer's own shares:- Information relating to the liquidity contract Full and original press release in PDF: https://www.actusnews.com/news/83536-wavestone_cp-bilan-annuel-contrat-liquidite_040124-en.pdfReceive by email the next press releases of the company by registering on www.actusnews.com   it's free© 2024 ActusNews",neutral,0.02,0.97,0.01,negative,0.17,0.41,0.42,True,English,"['Liquidity contract yearly report', 'Wavestone', 'January', '12', '05', 'Official WAVESTONE press release', 'PURCHASES SALES Date Number', 'BNP PARIBAS Group', 'leading independent consultancy', 'first-class sector expertise', 'Pascal Imbert CEO', 'high-value consulting services', 'Press relations', 'consulting leader', 'launch date', 'AMF decision', 'second half', 'Germany-Switzerland-Austria region', 'trusted partner', 'critical transformations', 'North America', '360° transformation portfolio', 'Euronext Paris', 'Great Place', 'Justine Brosset', 'Financial Communication', 'Mathieu Omnes', 'Analyst Relations', 'Deborah Schwartz', 'one hand', 'other hand', 'aggregated table', 'trading day', '2nd half', 'transactions Number', 'following means', 'liquidity contract', '14,950 Wavestone shares', '36,611 Wavestone shares', '533 transactions', '555 transactions', '327 shares', '077 shares', '31 December', 'agreement', 'Portzamparc', 'cash', 'accordance', 'July', 'position', 'total', 'France', 'Q_PERIOR', 'forces', '5,500 employees', 'Europe', 'Asia', 'firm', 'Tel.', 'Actus', 'Investor', 'Details', 'capital', 'euros', '1 49']",2024-01-04,2024-01-05,marketscreener.com
34652,EuroNext,Bing API,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/carmat-announces-approval-resolutions-supported-170000449.html,CARMAT Announces the Approval of All Resolutions Supported by the Board of Directors at its Extraordinary General Meeting,CARMAT (FR0010907956  ALCAR)  designer and developer of Aeson®  the world’s most advanced total artificial heart  aiming to provide a therapeutic alternative for people suffering from advanced biventricular heart failure ,"PARIS  January 05  2024--(BUSINESS WIRE)--Regulatory News:CARMAT (FR0010907956  ALCAR)  designer and developer of Aeson®  the world’s most advanced total artificial heart  aiming to provide a therapeutic alternative for people suffering from advanced biventricular heart failure  informs its shareholders that the Extraordinary General Meeting (EGM) held on January 5  2024 was able to validly deliberate  the required quorum having been reached.The EGM adopted all proposed resolutions  with the exception of the 13th resolution which was rejected  in accordance with the recommendations of the Board of Directors.The Company would like to thank all shareholders  either present  represented or having voted by post  for their commitment and support.The consolidated result of the vote by resolution and the minutes of the EGM of May 5  2024 are available in French on the Company's website  under Regulated Information / General Meetings.About CARMATCARMAT is a French MedTech that designs  manufactures and markets the Aeson® artificial heart. The Company’s ambition is to make Aeson® the first alternative to a heart transplant  and thus provide a therapeutic solution to people suffering from end-stage biventricular heart failure  who are facing a well-known shortfall in available human grafts. The world’s first physiological artificial heart that is highly hemocompatible  pulsatile and self-regulated  Aeson® could save  every year  the lives of thousands of patients waiting for a heart transplant. The device offers patients quality of life and mobility thanks to its ergonomic and portable external power supply system that is continuously connected to the implanted prosthesis. Aeson® is commercially available as a bridge to transplant in the European Union and other countries that recognize CE marking. Aeson® is also currently being assessed within the framework of an Early Feasibility Study (EFS) in the United States. Founded in 2008  CARMAT is based in the Paris region  with its head offices located in Vélizy-Villacoublay and its production site in Bois-d’Arcy. The Company can rely on the talent and expertise of a multidisciplinary team of circa 200 highly specialized people. CARMAT is listed on the Euronext Growth market in Paris (Ticker: ALCAR / ISIN code: FR0010907956).Story continuesFor more information  please go to www.carmatsa.com and follow us on LinkedIn.●●●Name: CARMATISIN code: FR0010907956Ticker: ALCAR●●●DisclaimerThis press release and the information contained herein do not constitute an offer to sell or subscribe to  or a solicitation of an offer to buy or subscribe to  shares in CARMAT (the ""Company"") in any country. This press release may contain forward‐looking statements that relate to the Company’s objectives and prospects. Such forward‐looking statements are based solely on the current expectations and assumptions of the Company’s management and involve risk and uncertainties including  without limitation  the Company’s ability to successfully implement its strategy  the rate of development of CARMAT’s production and sales  the pace and results of ongoing and future clinical trials  new products or technological developments introduced by competitors  changes in regulations and risks associated with growth management. The Company’s objectives as mentioned in this press release may not be achieved for any of these reasons or due to other risks and uncertainties.The significant and specific risks pertaining to the Company are those described in the Universal Registration Document (""Document d’Enregistrement Universel"") filed with the Autorité des Marchés Financiers (AMF  the French stock market authorities) under number D. 23-0323. Readers' attention is drawn in particular to the financing risk of the Company  whose cash runway currently extends until early 2024. Readers and investors’ attention is also drawn to the fact that other risks  unknown or not deemed to be significant or specific  may or could exist.Aeson® is an active implantable medical device commercially available in the European Union and other countries that recognize CE marking. The Aeson® total artificial heart is intended to replace the ventricles of the native heart and is indicated as a bridge to transplant in patients suffering from end-stage biventricular heart failure (INTERMACS classes 1-4) who are not amenable to maximal medical therapy or a left ventricular assist device (LVAD) and are likely to undergo a heart transplant within 180 days of the device being implanted. The decision to implant and the surgical procedure must be carried out by healthcare professionals trained by the manufacturer. The documentation (clinician manual  patient manual and alarm booklet) should be read carefully to understand the characteristics of Aeson® and information necessary for patient selection and the proper use of Aeson® (contraindications  precautions  side effects). In the United States  Aeson® is currently exclusively available within the framework of an Early Feasibility Study authorized by the Food & Drug Administration (FDA)View source version on businesswire.com: https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20240105021300/en/ContactsCARMATStéphane PiatChief Executive OfficerPascale d’ArbonneauChief Financial OfficerTel.: +33 1 39 45 64 50contact@carmatsas.comAlize RPPress RelationsCaroline CarmagnolTel.: +33 6 64 18 99 59carmat@alizerp.comNewCapFinancial Communication& Investor RelationsDusan OresanskyQuentin MasséTel.: +33 1 44 71 94 92carmat@newcap.eu",neutral,0.49,0.5,0.01,mixed,0.17,0.25,0.58,True,English,"['Extraordinary General Meeting', 'CARMAT', 'Approval', 'Resolutions', 'Board', 'Directors', 'portable external power supply system', 'Autorité des Marchés Financiers', 'The Aeson® total artificial heart', 'advanced total artificial heart', 'advanced biventricular heart failure', 'end-stage biventricular heart failure', 'Such forward‐looking statements', 'first physiological artificial heart', 'left ventricular assist device', 'French stock market authorities', 'available human grafts', 'Euronext Growth market', 'future clinical trials', 'maximal medical therapy', 'Aeson® artificial heart', 'Extraordinary General Meeting', 'Early Feasibility Study', 'implantable medical device', 'Universal Registration Document', '200 highly specialized people', 'native heart', 'heart transplant', 'first alternative', 'General Meetings', 'French MedTech', 'BUSINESS WIRE', 'Regulatory News', 'therapeutic alternative', 'consolidated result', 'therapeutic solution', 'European Union', 'other countries', 'CE marking', 'United States', 'head offices', 'Vélizy-Villacoublay', 'multidisciplinary team', 'ISIN code', 'press release', 'current expectations', 'new products', 'technological developments', 'growth management', 'Enregistrement Universel', 'number D.', 'cash runway', 'investors’ attention', 'INTERMACS classes', 'surgical procedure', 'healthcare professionals', 'clinician manual', 'patient manual', 'alarm booklet', 'patient selection', 'proper use', 'side effects', 'Drug Administrati', 'The Company', 'The EGM', 'other risks', 'specific risks', '13th resolution', 'production site', ""Readers' attention"", 'financing risk', 'patients quality', 'Paris region', 'Regulated Information', 'January', 'CARMAT', 'ALCAR', 'designer', 'developer', 'world', 'shareholders', 'quorum', 'resolutions', 'exception', 'accordance', 'recommendations', 'Board', 'Directors', 'post', 'commitment', 'support', 'vote', 'minutes', 'May', 'website', 'ambition', 'shortfall', 'lives', 'thousands', 'life', 'mobility', 'ergonomic', 'prosthesis', 'bridge', 'framework', 'EFS', 'talent', 'expertise', 'circa', 'Ticker', 'Story', 'LinkedIn', 'Name', 'Disclaimer', 'offer', 'solicitation', 'shares', 'country', 'objectives', 'prospects', 'assumptions', 'uncertainties', 'limitation', 'ability', 'strategy', 'sales', 'pace', 'results', 'ongoing', 'competitors', 'changes', 'regulations', 'reasons', 'significant', 'AMF', 'fact', 'active', 'ventricles', 'LVAD', '180 days', 'decision', 'documentation', 'characteristics', 'contraindications', 'precautions']",2024-01-05,2024-01-05,finance.yahoo.com
34653,EuroNext,Bing API,https://www.thepharmaletter.com/article/innate-pharma-gets-green-light-to-resume-lacutamab-program,Innate Pharma gets green light to resume lacutamab program,French rare disease company Innate Pharma (Euronext Paris: IPH)  has received good news from the US Food and Drug Administration   with a partial clinical hold being lifted from its lacutamab  program. The hold was put in place on October 5  2023  after a patient  death was reported in the TELLOMAK study.,French rare disease company Innate Pharma (Euronext Paris: IPH) has received good news from the US Food and Drug Administration  with a partial clinical hold being lifted from its lacutamab program.The hold was put in place on October 5  2023  after a patient death was reported in the TELLOMAK study.The death of a patient affected by Sézary syndrome was initially considered likely due to hemophagocytic lymphohistiocytosis (HLH)  a rare hematologic…,neutral,0.18,0.81,0.01,negative,0.01,0.26,0.73,True,English,"['Innate Pharma', 'green light', 'lacutamab program', 'French rare disease company', 'Sézary syndrome', 'partial clinical hold', 'Innate Pharma', 'Euronext Paris', 'good news', 'US Food', 'Drug Administration', 'lacutamab program', 'TELLOMAK study', 'hemophagocytic lymphohistiocytosis', 'patient death', 'IPH', 'place', 'October', 'HLH']",2024-01-05,2024-01-05,thepharmaletter.com
34654,EuroNext,Bing API,https://pipelinereview.com/index.php/2024010585153/Antibodies/Innate-Pharma-Announces-U.S.-FDA-Lifts-Partial-Clinical-Hold-on-Lacutamab-Clinical-Program.html,Innate Pharma Announces U.S. FDA Lifts Partial Clinical Hold on Lacutamab Clinical Program,La Merie Publishing prepares brief and full reports as well as competitor analysis reports  the latter in a tabulated format with structured listings of industry-relevant data. One of our top-selling.,Innate Pharma Announces U.S. FDA Lifts Partial Clinical Hold on Lacutamab Clinical ProgramDetails Category: Antibodies Published on Friday  05 January 2024 13:36 Hits: 187FDA lifts partial clinical hold on lacutamab clinical programFatal case related to disease progression and unrelated to the treatmentMARSEILLE  France I January 04  2024 I Innate Pharma SA (Euronext Paris: IPH; Nasdaq: IPHA) (“Innate” or the “Company”) today announced that the U.S. Food and Drug Administration (FDA) has lifted the partial clinical hold placed on the lacutamab IND. On October 5  Innate announced that the lacutamab IND has been placed on partial clinical hold by FDA following a recent patient death in the TELLOMAK study. The death of a patient affected by Sézary syndrome was initially considered due to hemophagocytic lymphohistiocytosis (HLH)  a rare hematologic disorder.The FDA decision to lift the partial clinical hold is based on the FDA review of the fatal case which Innate  together with a steering committee of independent experts  determined to be related to aggressive disease progression and lacutamab unrelated.“We have worked closely with the FDA to diligently resolve the partial clinical hold on the lacutamab IND  which included an in-depth analysis of the fatal case which was due to progression of an aggressive form of the disease ” said Dr Quaratino  Chief Medical Officer of Innate Pharma. “The lacutamab program continues to plan following the publication of the positive Sézary syndrome results at the recent ASH Annual Meeting 2023. We now look forward to sharing final data in Mycosis Fungoides.”About LacutamabLacutamab is a first-in-class anti-KIR3DL2 humanized cytotoxicity-inducing antibody that is currently in clinical trials for treatment of cutaneous T-cell lymphoma (CTCL)  an orphan disease  and peripheral T cell lymphoma (PTCL). Rare cutaneous lymphomas of T lymphocytes have a poor prognosis with few efficacious and safe therapeutic options at advanced stages.KIR3DL2 is an inhibitory receptor of the KIR family  expressed by approximately 65% of patients across all CTCL subtypes and expressed by up 90% of patients with certain aggressive CTCL subtypes  in particular  Sézary syndrome. It is expressed by up to 50% of patients with mycosis fungoides and peripheral T-cell lymphoma (PTCL). It has a restricted expression on normal tissues.Lacutamab is granted European Medicines Agency (EMA) PRIME designation and US Food and Drug Administration (FDA) granted Fast Track designation for the treatment of patients with relapsed or refractory Sézary syndrome who have received at least two prior systemic therapies. Lacutamab is granted orphan drug status in the European Union and in the United States for the treatment of CTCL.About TELLOMAK:TELLOMAK (NCT03902184) is a global  open-label  multi-cohort Phase 2 clinical trial recruiting patients with Sézary syndrome and mycosis fungoides (MF) in the United States and Europe. Specifically:Cohort 1: lacutamab being evaluated as a single agent in approximately 60 patients with Sézary syndrome who have received at least two prior systemic therapies  including mogamulizumab. The Sézary syndrome cohort of the study could enable the registration of lacutamab in this indication.Cohort 2: lacutamab being evaluated as a single agent in patients with MF that express KIR3DL2  as determined at baseline with a Simon 2-stage design.Cohort 3: lacutamab being evaluated as a single agent in patients with MF that do not express KIR3DL2  as determined at baseline  with a Simon-2 stage design.All comers: lacutamab being evaluated as a single agent in patients with both KIR3DL2 expressing and non-expressing MF to explore the correlation between the level of KIR3DL2 expression and treatment outcomes utilizing a formalin-fixed paraffin embedded (FFPE) assay under development as a companion diagnostic.The trial is now fully enrolled. The primary endpoint of the trial is objective global response rate. Key secondary endpoints are progression-free survival  duration of response  overall survival  quality of life  pharmacokinetics and immunogenicity and adverse events.About the Phase 1b in PTCL:The Phase 1b clinical trial (NCT05321147) is investigating lacutamab monotherapy in KIR3DL2-expressing patients with relapsed/refractory PTCL who have received at least one prior systemic therapy. The trial is designed to evaluate safety  as well as characterize clinical outcomes  pharmacokinetics and immunogenicity of lacutamab alone in PTCL.About Innate PharmaInnate Pharma S.A. is a global  clinical-stage biotechnology company developing immunotherapies for cancer patients. Its innovative approach aims to harness the innate immune system through therapeutic antibodies and its ANKET® (Antibody-based NK cell Engager Therapeutics) proprietary platform.Innate’s portfolio includes lead proprietary program lacutamab  developed in advanced form of cutaneous T cell lymphomas and peripheral T cell lymphomas  monalizumab developed with AstraZeneca in non-small cell lung cancer  as well as ANKET® multi-specific NK cell engagers to address multiple tumor types.Innate Pharma is a trusted partner to biopharmaceutical companies such as Sanofi and AstraZeneca  as well as leading research institutions  to accelerate innovation  research and development for the benefit of patients.Headquartered in Marseille  France with a US office in Rockville  MD  Innate Pharma is listed on Euronext Paris and Nasdaq in the US.Learn more about Innate Pharma at www.innate-pharma.com and follow us on Twitter and LinkedIn.SOURCE: Innate Pharma,neutral,0.05,0.94,0.01,mixed,0.09,0.22,0.69,True,English,"['U.S. FDA', 'Partial Clinical Hold', 'Lacutamab Clinical Program', 'Innate Pharma', 'global, open-label, multi-cohort Phase 2 clinical trial recruiting patients', 'class anti-KIR3DL2 humanized cytotoxicity-inducing antibody', 'Antibody-based NK cell Engager Therapeutics', 'positive Sézary syndrome results', 'Lacutamab Clinical Program Details Category', 'The Sézary syndrome cohort', 'two prior systemic therapies', 'one prior systemic therapy', 'objective global response rate', 'global, clinical-stage biotechnology company', 'recent ASH Annual Meeting', 'small cell lung cancer', 'peripheral T cell lymphomas', 'refractory Sézary syndrome', 'cutaneous T cell lymphomas', 'Phase 1b clinical trial', 'lead proprietary program lacutamab', 'Innate Pharma S.A.', 'Rare cutaneous lymphomas', 'peripheral T-cell lymphoma', 'cutaneous T-cell lymphoma', 'Partial Clinical Hold', 'U.S. Food', 'rare hematologic disorder', 'Chief Medical Officer', 'Simon 2-stage design', 'Simon-2 stage design', 'formalin-fixed paraffin embedded', 'Key secondary endpoints', 'safe therapeutic options', 'European Medicines Agency', 'Fast Track designation', 'U.S. FDA', 'innate immune system', 'Innate Pharma SA', 'recent patient death', 'aggressive CTCL subtypes', 'aggressive disease progression', 'clinical trials', 'T lymphocytes', 'clinical outcomes', 'lacutamab program', 'proprietary platform', 'cancer patients', 'aggressive form', 'PRIME designation', 'US Food', 'European Union', 'Fatal case', 'Euronext Paris', 'Drug Administration', 'hemophagocytic lymphohistiocytosis', 'steering committee', 'independent experts', 'depth analysis', 'Dr Quaratino', 'final data', 'Mycosis Fungoides', 'orphan disease', 'poor prognosis', 'advanced stages', 'inhibitory receptor', 'KIR family', 'restricted expression', 'normal tissues', 'drug status', 'United States', 'single agent', 'FFPE) assay', 'companion diagnostic', 'primary endpoint', 'progression-free survival', 'overall survival', 'adverse events', 'innovative approach', 'therapeutic antibodies', 'advanced form', 'KIR3DL2-expressing patients', 'lacutamab IND', 'lacutamab monotherapy', 'KIR3DL2 expressing', 'KIR3DL2 expression', 'FDA decision', 'FDA review', 'treatment outcomes', 'relapsed/refractory PTCL', 'TELLOMAK study', '60 patients', 'Friday', '05 January', 'Hits', 'MARSEILLE', 'France', 'Nasdaq', 'IPHA', 'October', 'HLH', 'publication', 'efficacious', 'MF', 'mogamulizumab', 'registration', 'indication', 'baseline', 'comers', 'correlation', 'level', 'development', 'duration', 'quality', 'life', 'pharmacokinetics', 'immunogenicity', 'safety', 'immunotherapies', 'ANKET®', 'portfolio', 'monalizumab', 'AstraZeneca']",2024-01-05,2024-01-05,pipelinereview.com
34655,EuroNext,Bing API,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/jde-peets-successfully-completes-acquisition-070000758.html,JDE Peet's successfully completes the acquisition of Maratá's coffee & tea business in Brazil,JDE Peet’s (EURONEXT: JDEP)  the world’s leading pure-play coffee and tea company by revenue  today announced that it has successfully completed the acquisition of the Brazilian coffee & tea business from JAV Group for an undisclosed amount in cash ,JDE Peet's N.V.PRESS RELEASEAmsterdam  5 January 2024JDE Peet’s (EURONEXT: JDEP)  the world’s leading pure-play coffee and tea company by revenue  today announced that it has successfully completed the acquisition of the Brazilian coffee & tea business from JAV Group for an undisclosed amount in cash  which was first announced on 24 July 2023.Maratá’s coffee & tea business is predominantly present in the northern part of Brazil through its longstanding and well-known brands Café Maratá and Chá Maratá. The acquisition complements JDE Peet's’ existing portfolio of brands predominantly sold in the southern regions of Brazil  and increases the company’s scale and national coverage in Brazil  a market which offers compelling prospects for both volume and value growth. As a result  the acquisition offers long-term value creation potential through attractive revenue and cost synergies.Fabien Simon  CEO of JDE Peet’s  commented: “We are delighted to welcome Maratá’s coffee & tea organisation to JDE Peet’s. Maratá’s portfolio and geographical presence are highly complementary to our existing franchise in Brazil. Together  we will serve more cups across a full range of price points and product offerings while expanding our regional presence in Brazil  one of the world’s largest coffee markets.”José Augusto Vieira  founder of JAV Group  added: “I am very proud of the strong and successful coffee & tea platform we have built  and I am very pleased that by joining JDE Peet’s  the world’s leading pure-play coffee & tea company  we have secured the long-term development and success of this great business.”Market Abuse RegulationThis press release contains information within the meaning of Article 7(1) of the EU Market Abuse Regulation.# # #EnquiriesMediaWill Hummel+31 6 39 17 72 80Media@JDEPeets.comInvestors & AnalystsRobin Jansen+31 6 159 44 569IR@JDEPeets.comAbout JOSÉ AUGUSTO VIEIRA (JAV) GroupJAV Group  conducted by the Vieira Family and with more than 50 years of existence in the Brazilian market  comprises a conglomerate of companies operating in the most varied market segments  such as food  agribusiness  packaging and exports.Story continuesAbout JDE Peet’sJDE Peet’s is the world's leading pure-play coffee and tea company  serving approximately 4 200 cups of coffee or tea per second. JDE Peet's unleashes the possibilities of coffee and tea in more than 100 markets  with a portfolio of over 50 brands including L’OR  Peet’s  Jacobs  Senseo  Tassimo  Douwe Egberts  OldTown  Super  Pickwick and Moccona. In 2022  JDE Peet’s generated total sales of EUR 8.2 billion and employed a global workforce of more than 20 000 employees. Read more about our journey towards a coffee and tea for every cup at www.jdepeets.com.Attachment,neutral,0.33,0.65,0.01,positive,0.83,0.16,0.01,True,English,"['JDE Peet', 'tea business', 'acquisition', 'Maratá', 'coffee', 'Brazil', 'long-term value creation potential', 'EU Market Abuse Regulation', 'José Augusto Vieira', 'varied market segments', 'largest coffee markets', 'leading pure-play coffee', 'value growth', 'long-term development', 'Vieira Family', 'Brazilian market', 'N.V.', 'PRESS RELEASE', 'undisclosed amount', 'northern part', 'southern regions', 'national coverage', 'compelling prospects', 'cost synergies', 'Fabien Simon', 'geographical presence', 'existing franchise', 'full range', 'price points', 'product offerings', 'regional presence', 'great business', 'Will Hummel', 'Robin Jansen', 'L’OR', 'Douwe Egberts', 'total sales', 'global workforce', 'JDE Peet', 'tea business', 'tea organisation', 'tea platform', 'Brazilian coffee', 'successful coffee', 'JAV Group', 'attractive revenue', 'Enquiries Media', 'tea company', 'Café Maratá', 'Chá Maratá', 'existing portfolio', '100 markets', 'Amsterdam', '5 January', 'EURONEXT', 'JDEP', 'world', 'acquisition', 'cash', '24 July', 'longstanding', 'brands', 'scale', 'volume', 'result', 'CEO', 'cups', 'founder', 'strong', 'information', 'meaning', 'Investors', 'Analysts', '50 years', 'existence', 'conglomerate', 'companies', 'food', 'agribusiness', 'packaging', 'exports', 'Story', 'second', 'possibilities', 'Jacobs', 'Senseo', 'Tassimo', 'OldTown', 'Super', 'Pickwick', 'Moccona', '20,000 employees', 'journey', 'Attachment']",2024-01-05,2024-01-05,finance.yahoo.com
