UID,Searchword,API,URL,Title,Summary,Article,Title_Sentiment,Title_Positive,Title_Neutral,Title_Negative,Article_Sentiment,Article_Positive,Article_Neutral,Article_Negative,Verified,Language,Topics,Date,Load_Date,Source
8876,EuroNext,Twitter API,Twitter,@FinanceClean Euronext !,nan,@FinanceClean Euronext !,neutral,0.22,0.7,0.08,neutral,0.22,0.7,0.08,True,English,"['FinanceClean Euronext', 'FinanceClean Euronext']",2022-08-11,2022-08-14,Unknown
8877,EuroNext,Twitter API,Twitter,#NYSE Euronext’s Free Market Fallacy https://t.co/EtDVjUCvvu #freedom #freemarket #belgium #finance… https://t.co/HnFYkZRLEr,nan,#NYSE Euronext’s Free Market Fallacy https://t.co/EtDVjUCvvu #freedom #freemarket #belgium #finance… https://t.co/HnFYkZRLEr,negative,0.01,0.05,0.93,negative,0.01,0.05,0.93,True,English,"['Free Market Fallacy', 'EtDVjUCvvu', 'freedom', 'freemarket', 'belgium', 'finance', 'HnFYkZRLEr', 'Free Market Fallacy', 'EtDVjUCvvu', 'freedom', 'freemarket', 'belgium', 'finance', 'HnFYkZRLEr']",2022-08-11,2022-08-14,Unknown
8902,EuroNext,Twitter API,Twitter,Euronext's FX volume takes yet another step back in July - FinanceFeeds https://t.co/LQOFWiZVlI,nan,Euronext's FX volume takes yet another step back in July - FinanceFeeds https://t.co/LQOFWiZVlI,neutral,0.02,0.93,0.05,neutral,0.02,0.93,0.05,True,English,"['FX volume', 'Euronext', 'step', 'July', 'FinanceFeeds', 'LQOFWiZVlI', 'FX volume', 'Euronext', 'step', 'July', 'FinanceFeeds', 'LQOFWiZVlI']",2022-08-12,2022-08-14,Unknown
8903,EuroNext,Twitter API,Twitter,We are pleased to host @FIAconnect’s Paris Forum 2022 at @euronext_fr. Our speakers Stéphane Boujnah  Nick Kennedy… https://t.co/LyI7lyxV1L,nan,We are pleased to host @FIAconnect’s Paris Forum 2022 at @euronext_fr. Our speakers Stéphane Boujnah  Nick Kennedy… https://t.co/LyI7lyxV1L,neutral,0.14,0.84,0.01,neutral,0.14,0.84,0.01,True,English,"['Stéphane Boujnah', 'Paris Forum', 'Nick Kennedy', 'speakers', 'LyI7lyxV1L', 'Stéphane Boujnah', 'Paris Forum', 'Nick Kennedy', 'speakers', 'LyI7lyxV1L']",2022-08-12,2022-08-14,Unknown
8904,EuroNext,Twitter API,Twitter,In joining the #EuronextTechLeaders initiative  @XFAB_FOUNDRY aims to strengthen the European tech sector along wit… https://t.co/zuX355xiOn,nan,In joining the #EuronextTechLeaders initiative  @XFAB_FOUNDRY aims to strengthen the European tech sector along wit… https://t.co/zuX355xiOn,neutral,0.03,0.95,0.02,neutral,0.03,0.95,0.02,True,English,"['European tech sector', 'wit', 'zuX355xiOn', 'European tech sector', 'wit', 'zuX355xiOn']",2022-08-12,2022-08-14,Unknown
8905,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://wwd.com/business-news/financial/ferrari-owner-exor-delist-milan-bourse-september-1235297630/,Agnelli Family’s Exor Holding to Delist From Milan Bourse on Sept. 27,The owner of Ferrari started trading on the Amsterdam Stock Exchange Friday.,MILAN — A couple of weeks after announcing plans to switch its public listing from the Milan Bourse to the Amsterdam Stock Exchange  the Agnelli family’s holding Exor started trading on Euronext Amsterdam Friday.The company also said that the Milan Bourse has arranged a date for the delisting of its ordinary share from Euronext Milan  scheduled for Sept. 27.In the interim period  shares will be listed on both exchanges.At the end of trading Friday  Exor shares were down 2.8 percent to 66.12 euros on Euronext Amsterdam and down 0.4 percent to 65.88 euros in Milan.The move was intended to align the company’s listing to its legal structure. Exor has been a Dutch-registered entity since 2016  although it maintains operations in Italy  including the Ferrari brand’s fashion division.Exor controls a wide range of firms ranging from carmaker Ferrari to fashion brand Shang Xia. It also owns The Economist and Gedi Gruppo Editoriale  parent of the Italian newspaper La Repubblica.It has grown into a giant holding company  reporting revenues of 136 billion euros in 2021 and posting a profit of 1.7 billion euros. Its net asset value stood at 31 billion euros as of Dec. 31  2021.Last year  the Exor-owned Fiat Chrysler Automobiles group and the French automotive group PSA completed their merger  combining into a company called Stellantis comprising brands ranging from Fiat and Alfa Romeo to Chrysler  Jeep  Peugeot  Citroen and Maserati.Lately  the company has been investing more in luxury. In 2020 it channeled around 80 million euros into Shang Xia  while last year it acquired a 24 percent interest in the Christian Louboutin brand.It also set up a partnership with The World-Wide Investment Company Ltd.  which belongs to the Hong Kong Pao family. They set up a new company called Nuo SpA to invest in consumer goods excellence by supporting the global development of medium-sized Italian companies.Although rumors have been swirling around Exor’s  or Ferrari’s  possible interest in the Giorgio Armani group  both parties waved away the speculation.Last year an Exor spokesman told WWD that the holding “invests in single companies  not in sectors  and in exceptional businesses and founders with shared values  and where it can add value and build great companies. It is the quality of the company  its team and culture and its attractive prospects that are the key drivers of the decision to invest.”,neutral,0.02,0.71,0.28,mixed,0.45,0.14,0.4,True,English,"['Agnelli Family', 'Exor Holding', 'Milan Bourse', 'Sept.', 'The World-Wide Investment Company Ltd', 'Exor-owned Fiat Chrysler Automobiles group', 'Hong Kong Pao family', 'French automotive group', 'Giorgio Armani group', 'Gedi Gruppo Editoriale', 'consumer goods excellence', 'Christian Louboutin brand', 'Amsterdam Stock Exchange', 'net asset value', 'medium-sized Italian companies', 'brand Shang Xia', 'giant holding company', 'The Economist', 'Agnelli family', 'Italian newspaper', 'Euronext Amsterdam', 'single companies', 'great companies', 'ordinary share', 'interim period', 'legal structure', 'Dutch-registered entity', 'Ferrari brand', 'wide range', 'La Repubblica', 'Alfa Romeo', '24 percent interest', 'global development', 'possible interest', 'exceptional businesses', 'attractive prospects', 'key drivers', 'new company', 'Milan Bourse', 'Euronext Milan', '1.7 billion euros', '31 billion euros', '80 million euros', 'public listing', 'fashion division', 'Exor spokesman', 'Exor shares', '66.12 euros', '65.88 euros', 'weeks', 'plans', 'date', 'delisting', 'Sept.', 'exchanges', 'end', 'trading', 'move', 'operations', 'Italy', 'firms', 'carmaker', 'parent', 'revenues', 'profit', 'Dec.', 'PSA', 'merger', 'brands', 'Jeep', 'Peugeot', 'Citroen', 'Maserati', 'luxury', 'partnership', 'rumors', 'parties', 'speculation', 'WWD', 'sectors', 'founders', 'values', 'quality', 'team', 'culture', 'decision', '0.']",2022-08-13,2022-08-14,wwd.com
8912,EuroNext,Twitter API,Twitter,Other European stock markets mixed on Friday  08/12/2022: Euronext 100 +0.06% at 1 269.10  higher for the week  Eur… https://t.co/e08iPSUPmu,nan,Other European stock markets mixed on Friday  08/12/2022: Euronext 100 +0.06% at 1 269.10  higher for the week  Eur… https://t.co/e08iPSUPmu,neutral,0.02,0.92,0.06,neutral,0.02,0.92,0.06,True,English,"['Other European stock markets', 'Friday', 'Euronext', 'week', 'e08iPSUPmu', 'Other European stock markets', 'Friday', 'Euronext', 'week', 'e08iPSUPmu']",2022-08-13,2022-08-14,Unknown
8913,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://seekingalpha.com/article/4534060-nyxoah-s-nyxh-ceo-olivier-taelman-on-q2-2022-results-earnings-call-transcript,Nyxoah S.A. (NYXH) CEO Olivier Taelman on Q2 2022 Results - Earnings Call Transcript,Nyxoah S.A. (NASDAQ:NASDAQ:NYXH) Q2 2022 Results Conference Call August 8  2022 4:30 PM ETCompany ParticipantsJeremy Feffer - VP  IROlivier Taelman - CEOLoic Moreau - CFOConference Call...,Nyxoah S.A. (NASDAQ:NYXH) Q2 2022 Results Conference Call August 8  2022 4:30 PM ETCompany ParticipantsJeremy Feffer - VP  IROlivier Taelman - CEOLoic Moreau - CFOConference Call ParticipantsRoss Osborn - Cantor FitzgeraldSimran Kaur - Piper SandlerSuraj Kalia - OpCoOperatorGood day  and thank you for standing by. Welcome to the Nyxoah Second Quarter ‘22 Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] Please be advised  today’s conference is being recorded.I would like to hand the conference call to your speaker today  Jeremy Feffer  Vice President  Investor Relations. Please go ahead.Jeremy FefferThank you  James. Good afternoon  everyone  and welcome to our earnings call for the second quarter of 2022. Participating from the company today will be Olivier Taelman  Chief Executive Officer; and Loic Moreau  Chief Financial Officer.During the call  we’ll discuss our operating activities and review our second quarter financial results released after U.S. markets closed today  after which we’ll host a question-and-answer session. The press release can be found on the Investor Relations section of our website  and this call is being recorded and will be archived in the Events section of our Investor Relations website.Before we begin  I would like to remind you that any statements that relate to expectations or predictions of future events  market trends  results or performance are forward-looking statements. All forward-looking statements are based upon our current estimates and various assumptions. These statements involve material risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results or events to materially differ from those anticipated or implied by these forward-looking statements.Our forward-looking statements are based upon currently available information  and the company assumes no obligation to update these statements. Accordingly  you should not place undue reliance on these statements. For a list and description of the risks and uncertainties associated with our business  please refer to the risk factors section of our Form 20-F filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on March 24  2022.With that  I would like to turn the call over to Olivier.Olivier TaelmanThank you  Jeremy. Good afternoon  and good evening  everyone  and thank you for joining us for our second quarter 2022 earnings call. We continued to make excellent progress toward our key strategic objectives during the second quarter  and we are extremely well positioned as we move into the second half of 2022. As a reminder  our 3 key strategic priorities for this year are: completing the U.S. DREAM pivotal trial; accelerating commercial execution in Germany; and commencing of ACCCESS U.S. IDE study for complete concentric collapse  or CCC  patients before year-end.Before I go in details  let’s start with a fact-based summary on Q2 achievements. To this end  I’m pleased to report that we have completed enrollment in DREAM  and 91 patients have made it to the funnel to implantation. The remaining implants are being scheduled  and we expect to report 12-month clinical data in the fall of 2023 with regulatory approval expected in the first half of 2024.We achieved sales of €935 000  which represents 450% growth year-over-year and 42% growth quarter-over-quarter. We also activated 11 new commercial sites in Germany during this quarter  which has begun implanting as of the third quarter  bringing the total to 26 active sites in Germany. From a clinical perspective  we are thrilled that the FDA  after previously granting us breakthrough designation  has approved our IDE to commence the ACCESS study. We expect to implant our first patients in the trial before year-end.From an innovative leadership perspective  we are proud to have our next-generation Genio 2.1 approved by the FDA for use in the DREAM IDE study and received CE Mark approval in Europe for clinical and commercial use. I would  once again  like to recognize our growing team for their commitment to strong execution as we advance the Nyxoah story on numerous fronts.Let me start with our commercial focus primarily on Germany. Germany is the largest and most competitive HGNS  hypoglossal nerve stimulation market outside of the United States. Nyxoah has dedicated German salespeople and similar DRG and reimbursement level as other hypoglossal nerve stimulation technologies. We have defined our commercial success by achieving significant market share gains each quarter  culminating in market leadership by the end of 2022. For the second quarter  we generated €935 000 in total revenue  representing growth of more than 5x versus the second quarter of 2021 and 42% growth versus the first quarter of 2022.We estimate  based on our knowledge of the German market  we increased our German market share by 4 to 5 percentage points versus Q1  which brings us close to 30% market share in Germany. During the quarter  we activated 11 new sites in Germany  which have begun implanting as of the third quarter  bringing our total to 26 active implanting accounts in Germany. We expect to be at least in 35 standards by the end of 2022. This rapid growth has been driven by inbound interest from ENT surgeons and sleep specialists eager to work with us.Physicians and patients are embracing our unique approach centered around to the patient with a scalable technology platform  a single incision procedure  as well as the only full body 1.5 and 3.0 Tesla MRI compatible hypoglossal nerve stimulation solution. From a reimbursement perspective  we continue to make great progress implanting patients in Switzerland and Finland  and we continue our discussions with local healthcare authorities in Belgium  the Netherlands  Italy and the U.K.We are also pleased to see the growth in complete concentric collapse patients now receiving Genio implants since these patients previously had no suitable treatment option other than major palate surgery and were contraindicated to commercially available hypoglossal nerve stimulation therapy. The first CCC patients that have been implanted for up to 6 months are showing extremely strong results. As an illustration  once CCC patients who presented with a baseline AHI of 58 suffering from severe OSA had an AHI of [understand] at 6 months post implant. These results encourage more physicians to recommend Genio for their CCC patients.In addition  we are the only company offering solutions for both CCC and non-complete concentric collapse patients without the need for an extra dice examination. This simplifies and shortens the patient’s journey from initial diagnosis to hypoglossal nerve stimulation treatment. Taking all of these factors together  we reiterate our guidance of achieving market leader status -- market leadership status in Germany in Q4.Moving now to our DREAM study. I’m pleased to report that we have completed enrollment in the trial  with 91 patients having made it to the funnel to implantation. The remaining implants are being scheduled in our U.S. implant sites. We anticipate having 12-month clinical data from the study in the fall of 2023  and we’ll pursue a model of PMA submission. To that end  we are currently preparing the first modules for submission  which are product technical dossier  including preclinical data  and we are getting ready for manufacturing validation. We anticipate submitting the final DREAM clinical data module in the fourth quarter of 2023 and launching Genio in the second quarter of 2024. The investment in our U.S. market access organization has already begun.As for CCC  our IDE submission for the ACCESS study was approved by the FDA  and we are beginning to work to initiate the study  with the first patients to be implanted before year end. We’ll implant up to 106 patients across 40 clinical sites in the U.S. and file with 12-month data  putting us on course for regulatory approval in early 2025.Our patient-centric focus on innovation was further illustrated by the regulatory approvals of Genio 2.1 next generation system  which is an upgrade to the external components of Genio for use in our DREAM trial and for clinical and commercial use in Europe. Genio 2.1 improves patients’ comfort and compliance with a new smartphone application. Patients receive daily feedback on their therapy usage and has ownership to adjust stimulation amplitude within predefined boundaries by their physician. For patients more sensitive to neurostimulation  clinicians will now have a solution to fine-tune stimulation amplitude to determine the optimal level of comfort.Genio 2.1 is also equipped with embedded sensors to allow physicians to further scale of therapy stimulation parameters based on patient position and throughout the night. Importantly  all of these new features are available to Genio patients without the need for a surgical procedure to replace the implantable component  as Genio is the only scalable hypoglossal nerve stimulation implant as it allows patients to always have the most advanced features with their existing implant. As a reminder  Genio is also the only system with both full-body 1.5 and 3.0 Tesla MRI compatibility to ensure that patients always feel safe and do not have to worry about explanting their device to undergo an MRI. 3 Tesla currently represents up to 40% of all MRIs and is expected to become the standard in the near future.We also continue to advance our development of a next-generation neurostimulation technology  focused on the ansa cervicalis nerve as part of our exclusive licensing agreement with the Vanderbilt University in the U.S. We are progressing toward the prototype device and expect to commence a feasibility study in 2023. These efforts embody our mission to build a product pipeline that will enable us to offer solutions to current non-responding hypoglossal nerve stimulation patients and non-eligible to treat patients. We look forward to providing more updates as this project progresses.To further illustrate Nyxoah’s approach of putting patients first  we are thrilled to partner with Acurable to offer AcuPebble home sleep test. Nyxoah is developing a complete obstructive sleep apnea ecosystem in order to best serve and support patients all the way through their OSA journey. AcuPebble is next-generation home sleep test that uses acoustic signals to diagnose OSA. The signals are uploaded to a smartphone application and processed to report an accurate OSA diagnosis  providing high specificity and sensitivity for both the AHI  apnea-hypopnea index  and the oxygen desaturation index  or ODI.AcuPebble is clinically validated through a randomized study published in the BMJ Open  and AcuPebble is CE Marked and also has FDA clearance. AcuPebble breaks down many of the barriers to receiving an accurate OSA diagnosis in a timely manner. With AcuPebble and Genio  Nyxoah can now offer patients and clinicians the most cutting-edge OSA diagnosis and treatment solutions. We look forward to launching AcuPebble in Germany in the fourth quarter of this year 2022.With that  I’m pleased to turn the call over to our CFO  Loic Moreau  who will provide a financial update.Loic MoreauThank you  Olivier. Good day to everyone  and thank you for joining us today. Revenue for the second quarter ended June 30  2022 was €935 000  compared to €170 000 for the second quarter of 2021. The increase of 450% was primarily attributable to sales of the Genio system in Germany.Total cost of goods sold for the second quarter of 2022 was €334 000  implying a gross margin of 64.2%. This represents a significant increase versus the 56.2% posted in the first quarter of 2022. As a reminder  first quarter gross margin was negatively impacted by a one-off flooding incident in our manufacturing site in Tel Aviv that was remediated in short order. We continue to expect gross margin to expand over time  in line with other neurostimulation companies as we achieve greater commercial scale.Total Q2 operating expenses were in line with our plan as we continue to focus on research and development and our clinical programs. R&D increased to €3.5 million in the second quarter of 2022 from €2.4 million in Q2 2021  mostly due to the development of Genio 2.1 and future generations.Selling  general and administrative expenses rose to €4.5 million for the second quarter of 2022 from €3.9 million in the year-ago quarter due primarily to increased commercial efforts in Germany and other European markets. We also added headcount to our corporate infrastructure and expect to continue investing in human capital as we further scale up our organization  particularly our U.S. commercial team.Total operating loss for the second quarter of 2022 was €7.4 million versus €6.3 million in the second quarter of 2021  driven by the acceleration in our R&D spending  as well as our commercial and clinical activities. We realized a net loss of €5 million for the quarter ended June 30  2022  versus a net loss of €6.7 million for the second quarter of 2021.As of June 30  2022  cash and financial assets totaled €123.3 million  compared to €135.5 million on December 31  2021. Total cash burn was €2 million per month during the first half  but we note there was a €6 million foreign exchange tailwind  so monthly cash burn was closer to €3 million  excluding FX. We continue to expect monthly cash burn increase slightly in the second half of 2022 as we commence the ACCESS trial in the U.S. and invest in our direct-to-patient marketing efforts in Germany.We continue to have ample liquidity to get through U.S. commercialization in the first half of 2024. Finally  I’m extremely proud that Nyxoah has been included in the newly formed Euronext sector leaders initiatives  which is an index composed of 100 of the most innovative tech companies listed on Euronext.With that  I will turn the call back to Olivier.Olivier TaelmanThank you  Loic. With the first half of 2022 complete  we entered the second half with confidence and excitement that we will achieve our key strategic goals for the year. With DREAM enrollment complete  we turn our focus to the 12-month follow-up period. We will continue to accelerate our market share gains in Germany as we attain market leadership status.And we look forward to implanting our first ACCESS patients before year-end as we work to provide a solution for complete concentric collapse patients whose only other treatment option is major palate surgery. This concludes the formal part of our presentation.Operator  I will turn the call over to you  begin our Q&A session.Question-and-Answer SessionOperator[Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from Ross Osborn from Cantor Fitzgerald.Ross OsbornCongrats on the quarter and the progress made. I guess 2 questions for me. I’ll go and ask both upfront. How many CCC patients were implanted during the quarter? And then my second question  on AcuPebble  are you able to  I guess  disclose the financial relationship there  and then  how we should think about the impact to your top line?Olivier TaelmanYes. So let me start by answering the first question on how many CCC patients were implanted. As you know  Ross  since we now have in Europe  the label expansion for CCC  we are no longer doing a dice examination. So to that point  we cannot no longer exclude or know precisely how many are CCC or how many are non-CCC. So we don’t know precise how many that we have. What we do see  however  is that we’re also getting CCC patients after the dice examination that were identified to be implanted with the unilateral stimulation  and that is definitely also accelerating and helping us further growing our business in Germany. So I’m sorry that I cannot go more into that on this.And when it comes to AcuPebble and the financial combination  so we start collaborating with the distribution agreement with AcuPebble. We have Germany identified as a pilot country. So the investment  in fact  it’s a minimum investment. But as you can also understand the financial impact of the details  this is something that we would not -- that we also are not -- no further commenting on. But the financial impacts will be immaterial as we will initially be launching into select centers of excellence in Q4 to gain experience with the system before we do a broader whole load.Ross OsbornCongrats on the progress.OperatorOur next question comes from Adam Maeder from Piper Sandler.Simran KaurThis is Simran on for Adam. Congrats on the progress this quarter. I wanted to start on DREAM. It sounds like there are still some patients that need to be implanted about 24 [indiscernible]. Maybe just talk a little bit about when we should be pulled through these patients. I mean  it does sound like it is imminent  but just higher level the trends you’re seeing in the trial in recent weeks in terms of baseline PSG  securing OR time  staffing shortages  just any of the -- those kind of headwinds that you may be facing.Olivier TaelmanOkay. Well  a very interesting question  and thank you for the question. So let me maybe first start by explaining again what the definition of enrolled means. It means that the patient has a signed consent  and they will be entering the screening funnel leading to an implant.As a reminder  once a patient provides consent and passes the initial screening criteria of age and BMI  the process is to undergo a forked PSG to determine baseline AHI level. If the patient does  indeed  have moderate to severe OSA  the next step will be to undergo a dice to exclude or to determine CCC. If non-CCC  the patient undergoes a baseline PSG and will then move into implant. To date  we have already implanted 91 patients  and 38 are already very advanced in the screening process as a significant portion of these have already passed their PSG and dice.So in a conservative scenario  40% of these should make it to implant leading to [115] implants. But if you are more into a realistic scenario  with the patients that we have enrolled today  we would already be good to implant over 125 patients. So that’s where we are. Now from a timing perspective  I’m sure that you remember very well during our last earning call that we were at 66 implants. So in fact  we implanted 25 patients during the last 3 months. We still need to implant 24 more. We feel strong and we have strong confidence that we can do it in 2 months.For the reason I just disclosed  we have identified the patients. We have enrolled the patients. We know in every site where they are. And that’s why we think it will take another  let’s say  6 to maximum 8 weeks to fully finish all implants.Simran KaurAnd just a real quick follow-up there. I think the last time we talked  there was a mention about the sample size having been reduced from 134 to 115. Can you remind me if this affects the statistical powering of the study? Are there any parameters in the design that need or needed to be adjusted due to the smaller population?Olivier TaelmanNo  it does not affect any statistical program study for the simple reason that we stay with a 65% respond rate on AHI. So nothing has changed on this. The only thing we did based on the better sleep data is we looked at the ODI reduction  and there  we also aligned with the 65% respond rate  which was resulting into the reduction to 115 implants. But there is no change in statistical power. There is no change in primary endpoints  no nothing. Everything stays the same.Simran KaurAnd if I could just squeeze one last one. You guys saw great momentum and nice improvement in the commercial business in Q2. I know you don’t have financial guidance  but can you talk about how you think about the business here over the near term and remainder of 2022 in Germany? Any puts and takes there would be helpful.Olivier TaelmanYes. I will hand this question over to Loic  to our CFO.Loic MoreauSo as you know  we’re not providing formal revenue guidance  but I can say that we are encouraged by the positive feedback we are receiving on and strong progress we are making in our key markets  particularly in Germany  and we do expect revenue to increase each quarter [this year.] Given this positive momentum  we are generally comfortable with current analyst consensus for this year.OperatorOur next question comes from Suraj Kalia from OpCo.Suraj KaliaOlivier  can you hear me all right?Olivier TaelmanYes  I can.Suraj KaliaSo Olivier  in Germany  what percent of the patients implanted in the quarter were CCC? And if you could just give us some metrics in terms of the sites where Nyxoah patients were implanted. What was the decision matrix versus Inspire?Olivier TaelmanSo first of all  when it comes to CCC patients  it’s very difficult now to put a precise number on what is the percentage CCC versus non-CCC for the simple reason that  in Germany  physicians are no longer doing a dice examination to define whether the patient is CCC or non-CCC. As I mentioned  we have in our label boat. So this dice procedure is gone. So I don’t know precisely anymore how much is CCC or non-CCC. That’s one thing.What we do know is that based on literature  it goes up to 30% of patients having or showing CCC. So that’s the first question. The second one  when you say how do sites where we implant and it must be very precise  we had patients implanted in Q2 coming from 15 sites. In those sites  the key decision criteria for the physician are  one  the bilateral stimulation. So it seems and also based on recent public article comparing unilateral and bilateral stimulation that a lot of physicians who really prefer a bilateral stimulation talk to their patients. Next  it is the single incision. So that makes the procedure growing fast  that makes the procedure also decreasing the risk [indiscernible] and that also for patients makes it more acceptable  only having one incision that is very discrete under the skin compared to multiple incisions. Those are the 2 main components that we are getting from physicians when they are making their criteria to choose for Genio.Suraj KaliaGot it. Two other questions  Olivier. First  just following up on the no dice procedure. Obviously  Inspire is also running down a clinical trial with no dice requirements.Do you envision a point in time  maybe not in the distant future  where both companies are -- do not require dice  and therefore  the whole notion of CCC or non-CCC gets somewhat muddled up? And a follow-up and my final question  Olivier  if I could just throw it in there. For the U.S. commercial launch  as you’ll plan for it  walk us through how you’ll view the right market approach  the type of reps do they have to have  OSC experience or just neuromodulation? And also  any thoughts on the DTC approach  would be greatly appreciated.Olivier TaelmanYes. So let me start with the first one  where I would like to comment on Inspire running a trial to eliminate diagnose CCC. So first of all  let me remind you again that Genio already has the CCC label in Europe  and therefore  there is no need to diagnose CCC any longer when using -- choosing for Nyxoah. Now regardless of the outcome of the Inspire study  and I think it’s called predictors.Unless Inspire gains a CCC label  patients will still need to undergo an evaluation to determine if they have CCC prior to getting an Inspire implant. So I don’t really see the difference besides gaining the CCC label expansion like we did already in Europe and like we all know  also building the first clinical evidence in the U.S. using our ACCESS study that was part of the breakthrough designation.The second question on how a business model would look like in the U.S. I think what we are learning in Germany is that the ENT surgeon will stay crucial to do a high-quality implant also in the U.S. But if you look at the patient journey  the role of the sleep physician is so important because sleep physicians are the ones who are seeing patients that are diagnosing patients and that will also choose what kind of treatment option they will advise to their patients.Now to that extent  the way we have built our team in Germany and what we’re also thinking of using as a commercial approach when we will be able to enter the U.S. commercially is that we will make sure that there is the high-quality field clinical engineers supporting the ENT surgeons when doing an implant and when activating patients.But next to this that we will also have real sleep experts who speak the language of sleep physicians  meaning they can help in the phenotyping and identification of patients. And next  when a patient is implanted  they can also help and guide in a perfect follow-up  so that the patient can benefit from the optimal stimulation settings.So that’s where we see it a little bit different compared to what competition is doing. We will focus more on sleep physicians  and we will also work with dedicated people who are really sleep experts in identifying patients and in ensuring that they get the best potential stimulation parameters in the follow-up.When it comes to DTC  of course  I also see the great worry that has been done so far on DTC  that is really resulting in an increase of awareness for hypoglossal nerve stimulation in general. But as we will be the second company that will be coming into the U.S. market  it’s clear that we do not have the same power to invest the amount in DTC. And again  in line with our commercial approach  we will focus on fleet physicians  and then we will selectively invest in DTC to study further referral parts to those sleep physicians and ENT surgeons that are very expertise with hypoglossal nerve stimulation and Nyxoah implant device.I’m sorry that my answer was a little bit longer  but I hope it was clear. And if not  please ask  and I will try to further clarify.Suraj KaliaNo  that’s great.OperatorAll right. At this time  I’d like to turn it back to Nyxoah for any closing remarks.Olivier TaelmanThank you very much  again  for joining us today. And of course  we look forward to updating you again very soon. Thank you for your time. And thanks for joining us.OperatorThis concludes today’s presentation. You may now disconnect.,neutral,0.01,0.98,0.01,mixed,0.68,0.15,0.18,True,English,"['Nyxoah S.A.', 'Earnings Call Transcript', 'Q2 2022 Results', 'other hypoglossal nerve stimulation technologies', 'ACCCESS U.S. IDE study', 'U.S. DREAM pivotal trial', 'hypoglossal nerve stimulation market', 'significant market share gains', 'Nyxoah Second Quarter ‘22 Conference Call', 'second quarter financial results', 'U.S. markets', 'Q2 2022 Results Conference Call', 'second quarter 2022 earnings call', 'Nyxoah S.A.', 'Chief Financial Officer', 'DREAM IDE study', 'Chief Executive Officer', 'key strategic objectives', '3 key strategic priorities', 'complete concentric collapse', '4 to 5 percentage points', 'risk factors section', 'CE Mark approval', '26 active implanting accounts', 'Conference Call Participants', 'German market share', 'Investor Relations section', '12-month clinical data', 'innovative leadership perspective', 'Investor Relations website', '11 new commercial sites', '30% market share', 'ACCESS study', 'market leadership', 'Q2 achievements', 'second half', '26 active sites', '11 new sites', 'actual results', 'Nyxoah story', 'market trends', 'regulatory approval', 'clinical perspective', 'German salespeople', 'Events section', 'third quarter', 'first quarter', 'commercial execution', 'commercial focus', 'commercial success', 'Loic Moreau', 'Ross Osborn', 'Cantor Fitzgerald', 'Simran Kaur', 'Piper Sandler', 'Suraj Kalia', 'OpCo Operator', 'Vice President', 'operating activities', 'answer session', 'press release', 'current estimates', 'various assumptions', 'available information', 'undue reliance', 'Form 20-F', 'Exchange Commission', 'good evening', 'excellent progress', 'fact-based summary', 'remaining implants', 'first half', 'breakthrough designation', 'next-generation Genio', 'growing team', 'strong execution', 'numerous fronts', 'United States', 'similar DRG', 'reimbursement level', 'Company Participants', 'Jeremy Feffer', 'Olivier Taelman', 'commercial use', 'future events', 'forward-looking statements', 'material risks', 'Good afternoon', 'first patients', 'total revenue', '91 patients', 'NASDAQ', 'NYXH', 'VP', 'CEO', 'CFO', 'day', 'Welcome', 'speaker', 'James', 'everyone', 'question', 'expectations', 'predictions', 'performance', 'uncertainties', 'obligation', 'list', 'description', 'business', 'Securities', 'March', 'reminder', 'year', 'Germany', 'commencing', 'details', 'enrollment', 'funnel', 'implantation', 'fall', '450% growth', '42% growth', 'FDA', 'Europe', 'commitment', 'largest', 'knowledge']",2022-08-13,2022-08-14,seekingalpha.com
8914,EuroNext,Bing API,https://www.brecorder.com/news/40191462/paris-wheat-eases,Paris wheat eases,PARIS: Euronext wheat ticked lower on Friday  pressured by a weaker trend in Chicago as futures consolidated below one-week highs touched a day earlier while traders awaited US government crop forecasts.,PARIS: Euronext wheat ticked lower on Friday  pressured by a weaker trend in Chicago as futures consolidated below one-week highs touched a day earlier while traders awaited US government crop forecasts. A sharp fall in the euro  as the dollar recouped some of its heavy losses this week  helped Euronext hold up better than Chicago.December wheat on Paris-based Euronext was down 0.4% at 326.75 euros ($335.34) a tonne by 1424 GMT  after touching a one-week high at 330.75 euros on Thursday.,neutral,0.16,0.64,0.19,negative,0.12,0.34,0.55,True,English,"['Paris wheat', 'US government crop forecasts', 'weaker trend', 'one-week highs', 'sharp fall', 'heavy losses', 'December wheat', 'Euronext wheat', 'Paris-based Euronext', 'Friday', 'Chicago', 'futures', 'traders', 'dollar', '326.75 euros', '1424 GMT', '330.75 euros', 'Thursday']",2022-08-14,2022-08-14,brecorder.com
8915,EuroNext,Twitter API,Twitter,Built through Euronext merged,nan,Built through Euronext merged,neutral,0.03,0.91,0.07,neutral,0.03,0.91,0.07,True,English,"['Euronext', 'Euronext']",2022-08-14,2022-08-14,Unknown
