UID,Searchword,API,URL,Title,Summary,Article,Title_Sentiment,Title_Positive,Title_Neutral,Title_Negative,Article_Sentiment,Article_Positive,Article_Neutral,Article_Negative,Verified,Language,Topics,Date,Load_Date,Source
2534,Deutsche Boerse,Twitter API,Twitter,Brexit fallout: HQ location behind collapse of the LSE &amp; Deutsche Boerse merger - https://t.co/SkuJhmKsSu https://t.co/0X2kaZlSWR,nan,Brexit fallout: HQ location behind collapse of the LSE &amp; Deutsche Boerse merger - https://t.co/SkuJhmKsSu https://t.co/0X2kaZlSWR,negative,0.01,0.14,0.85,negative,0.01,0.14,0.85,True,English,"['Deutsche Boerse merger', 'Brexit fallout', 'HQ location', 'collapse', 'LSE', 'SkuJhmKsSu', '0X2kaZlSWR', 'Deutsche Boerse merger', 'Brexit fallout', 'HQ location', 'collapse', 'LSE', 'SkuJhmKsSu', '0X2kaZlSWR']",2022-04-08,2022-04-15,Unknown
2736,Deutsche Boerse,Twitter API,Twitter,Deutsche Börse Photography Foundation Prize 2022.Among a high-impact shortlist for this year’s prize  Anastasia Sa… https://t.co/YkIuijjtZ1,nan,Deutsche Börse Photography Foundation Prize 2022.Among a high-impact shortlist for this year’s prize  Anastasia Sa… https://t.co/YkIuijjtZ1,neutral,0.09,0.85,0.06,neutral,0.09,0.85,0.06,True,English,"['Deutsche Börse Photography Foundation Prize', 'high-impact shortlist', 'Anastasia Sa', 'year', 'YkIuijjtZ1', 'Deutsche Börse Photography Foundation Prize', 'high-impact shortlist', 'Anastasia Sa', 'year', 'YkIuijjtZ1']",2022-04-12,2022-04-15,Unknown
2737,Deutsche Boerse,Twitter API,Twitter,TPG is open for our spring season!For the Record: Photography &amp; the Art of the Album Cover  Deutsche Börse Photog… https://t.co/ofuo338Ka3,nan,TPG is open for our spring season!For the Record: Photography &amp; the Art of the Album Cover  Deutsche Börse Photog… https://t.co/ofuo338Ka3,neutral,0.12,0.85,0.02,neutral,0.12,0.85,0.02,True,English,"['Deutsche Börse Photog', 'spring season', 'Album Cover', 'TPG', 'Record', 'Photography', 'Art', 'ofuo338Ka3', 'Deutsche Börse Photog', 'spring season', 'Album Cover', 'TPG', 'Record', 'Photography', 'Art', 'ofuo338Ka3']",2022-04-12,2022-04-15,Unknown
2809,Euroclear,Twitter API,Twitter,An office space crisis may be imminent for real estate lenders #AAA Websites Euroclear Fintech https://t.co/YZ90wUGYHR #regtech,nan,An office space crisis may be imminent for real estate lenders #AAA Websites Euroclear Fintech https://t.co/YZ90wUGYHR #regtech,negative,0.02,0.48,0.5,negative,0.02,0.48,0.5,True,English,"['office space crisis', 'real estate lenders', 'Fintech', 'co', 'YZ90wUGYHR', 'regtech', 'office space crisis', 'real estate lenders', 'Fintech', 'co', 'YZ90wUGYHR', 'regtech']",2022-04-13,2022-04-15,Unknown
2810,Euroclear,Twitter API,Twitter,MSX announces linkage with Euroclear’s global network https://t.co/ECWFxEuBbV @EuroclearGroup @cmaoman @MSXoman… https://t.co/Cjsw8mX8mA,nan,MSX announces linkage with Euroclear’s global network https://t.co/ECWFxEuBbV @EuroclearGroup @cmaoman @MSXoman… https://t.co/Cjsw8mX8mA,neutral,0.02,0.97,0.01,neutral,0.02,0.97,0.01,True,English,"['global network', 'MSX', 'linkage', 'Euroclear', 'ECWFxEuBbV', 'cmaoman', 'Cjsw8mX8mA', 'global network', 'MSX', 'linkage', 'Euroclear', 'ECWFxEuBbV', 'cmaoman', 'Cjsw8mX8mA']",2022-04-13,2022-04-15,Unknown
2811,Euroclear,Twitter API,Twitter,The Capital Market Authority (CMA) collaborated with #Euroclear Bank in Belgium to establish a new securities depos… https://t.co/XHbnFGBoH6,nan,The Capital Market Authority (CMA) collaborated with #Euroclear Bank in Belgium to establish a new securities depos… https://t.co/XHbnFGBoH6,neutral,0.03,0.95,0.02,neutral,0.03,0.95,0.02,True,English,"['The Capital Market Authority', 'new securities depos', 'CMA', 'Belgium', 'XHbnFGBoH6', 'The Capital Market Authority', 'new securities depos', 'CMA', 'Belgium', 'XHbnFGBoH6']",2022-04-13,2022-04-15,Unknown
2812,Euroclear,Twitter API,Twitter,Bread debuts American Express card to augment private-label issuance #AAA Websites Euroclear Fintech https://t.co/2jpoKBOkrf #regtech,nan,Bread debuts American Express card to augment private-label issuance #AAA Websites Euroclear Fintech https://t.co/2jpoKBOkrf #regtech,neutral,0.01,0.98,0.01,neutral,0.01,0.98,0.01,True,English,"['American Express card', 'private-label issuance', 'Bread', 'Fintech', 'jpoKBOkrf', 'regtech', 'American Express card', 'private-label issuance', 'Bread', 'Fintech', 'jpoKBOkrf', 'regtech']",2022-04-13,2022-04-15,Unknown
2813,Euroclear,Twitter API,Twitter,@rdv_analytics But is it due diligence freeze from Euroclear or NRD not disclosing info,nan,@rdv_analytics But is it due diligence freeze from Euroclear or NRD not disclosing info,neutral,0.03,0.54,0.43,neutral,0.03,0.54,0.43,True,English,"['due diligence', 'rdv_analytics', 'Euroclear', 'NRD', 'info', 'due diligence', 'rdv_analytics', 'Euroclear', 'NRD', 'info']",2022-04-13,2022-04-15,Unknown
2814,Euroclear,Twitter API,Twitter,@Sergei1544 Yes. Russians do not receive dividends and coupons passing through Euroclear and Clearstream due to NSD's account freeze,nan,@Sergei1544 Yes. Russians do not receive dividends and coupons passing through Euroclear and Clearstream due to NSD's account freeze,negative,0.01,0.07,0.92,negative,0.01,0.07,0.92,True,English,"['account freeze', 'Sergei1544', 'Russians', 'dividends', 'coupons', 'Euroclear', 'Clearstream', 'NSD', 'account freeze', 'Sergei1544', 'Russians', 'dividends', 'coupons', 'Euroclear', 'Clearstream', 'NSD']",2022-04-13,2022-04-15,Unknown
2833,Clearstream,Twitter API,Twitter,FNZ and Clearstream to launch business intelligence solution for EMEA asset managers - Asset managers will be prov… https://t.co/VckPAyK1Rz,nan,FNZ and Clearstream to launch business intelligence solution for EMEA asset managers - Asset managers will be prov… https://t.co/VckPAyK1Rz,neutral,0.03,0.96,0.01,neutral,0.03,0.96,0.01,True,English,"['business intelligence solution', 'EMEA asset managers', 'FNZ', 'Clearstream', 'VckPAyK1Rz', 'business intelligence solution', 'EMEA asset managers', 'FNZ', 'Clearstream', 'VckPAyK1Rz']",2022-04-13,2022-04-15,Unknown
2834,Clearstream,Twitter API,Twitter,Athenian Group has Partnered with ClearStream Energy Services Inc.  to hire a #Calgary or #Edmonton  #Alberta  IT B… https://t.co/LfzEVa3VaB,nan,Athenian Group has Partnered with ClearStream Energy Services Inc.  to hire a #Calgary or #Edmonton  #Alberta  IT B… https://t.co/LfzEVa3VaB,neutral,0.03,0.96,0.01,neutral,0.03,0.96,0.01,True,English,"['ClearStream Energy Services Inc.', 'Athenian Group', 'Edmonton', 'Alberta', 'IT', 'LfzEVa3VaB', 'ClearStream Energy Services Inc.', 'Athenian Group', 'Edmonton', 'Alberta', 'IT', 'LfzEVa3VaB']",2022-04-13,2022-04-15,Unknown
2835,Clearstream,Twitter API,Twitter,Clearstream and FNZ Develop Strategic Partnershiphttps://t.co/E1MwOVLbXP,nan,Clearstream and FNZ Develop Strategic Partnershiphttps://t.co/E1MwOVLbXP,neutral,0.05,0.94,0.02,neutral,0.05,0.94,0.02,True,English,"['Strategic Partnership', 'Clearstream', 'FNZ', 'E1MwOVLbXP', 'Strategic Partnership', 'Clearstream', 'FNZ', 'E1MwOVLbXP']",2022-04-13,2022-04-15,Unknown
2836,Clearstream,Twitter API,Twitter,FNZ and Clearstream unveil IT solution for wealth managershttps://t.co/m7QnrbtuYz https://t.co/DIxZsifA5J,nan,FNZ and Clearstream unveil IT solution for wealth managershttps://t.co/m7QnrbtuYz https://t.co/DIxZsifA5J,neutral,0.02,0.98,0.01,neutral,0.02,0.98,0.01,True,English,"['IT solution', 'wealth managers', 'FNZ', 'Clearstream', 'DIxZsifA5J', 'IT solution', 'wealth managers', 'FNZ', 'Clearstream', 'DIxZsifA5J']",2022-04-13,2022-04-15,Unknown
2837,Clearstream,Twitter API,Twitter,Clearstream and FNZ Develop Strategic Partnership Deutsche Börse Group’s post-trade services provider  Clearstream… https://t.co/7KwDfgmjIM,nan,Clearstream and FNZ Develop Strategic Partnership Deutsche Börse Group’s post-trade services provider  Clearstream… https://t.co/7KwDfgmjIM,neutral,0.02,0.97,0.01,neutral,0.02,0.97,0.01,True,English,"['Deutsche Börse Group', 'post-trade services provider', 'Strategic Partnership', 'Clearstream', 'FNZ', 'KwDfgmjIM', 'Deutsche Börse Group', 'post-trade services provider', 'Strategic Partnership', 'Clearstream', 'FNZ', 'KwDfgmjIM']",2022-04-13,2022-04-15,Unknown
2838,Clearstream,Twitter API,Twitter,Additionally  FNZ and Clearstream’s partnership will also support asset managers with their European fund distribut… https://t.co/1OrZubN1Zo,nan,Additionally  FNZ and Clearstream’s partnership will also support asset managers with their European fund distribut… https://t.co/1OrZubN1Zo,neutral,0.02,0.97,0.01,neutral,0.02,0.97,0.01,True,English,"['European fund distribut', 'asset managers', 'FNZ', 'Clearstream', 'partnership', 'OrZubN1Zo', 'European fund distribut', 'asset managers', 'FNZ', 'Clearstream', 'partnership', 'OrZubN1Zo']",2022-04-13,2022-04-15,Unknown
2856,Deutsche Boerse,Twitter API,Twitter,Clearstream and FNZ Develop Strategic Partnership Deutsche Börse Group’s post-trade services provider  Clearstream… https://t.co/7KwDfgmjIM,nan,Clearstream and FNZ Develop Strategic Partnership Deutsche Börse Group’s post-trade services provider  Clearstream… https://t.co/7KwDfgmjIM,neutral,0.02,0.97,0.01,neutral,0.02,0.97,0.01,True,English,"['Deutsche Börse Group', 'post-trade services provider', 'Strategic Partnership', 'Clearstream', 'FNZ', 'KwDfgmjIM', 'Deutsche Börse Group', 'post-trade services provider', 'Strategic Partnership', 'Clearstream', 'FNZ', 'KwDfgmjIM']",2022-04-13,2022-04-15,Unknown
2857,Deutsche Boerse,Twitter API,Twitter,Deutsche Börse Group’s post-trade services provider Clearstream has partnered with FNZ  the global wealth managemen… https://t.co/FxXviJk3es,nan,Deutsche Börse Group’s post-trade services provider Clearstream has partnered with FNZ  the global wealth managemen… https://t.co/FxXviJk3es,neutral,0.03,0.95,0.02,neutral,0.03,0.95,0.02,True,English,"['Deutsche Börse Group', 'post-trade services provider', 'global wealth managemen', 'Clearstream', 'FNZ', 'FxXviJk3es', 'Deutsche Börse Group', 'post-trade services provider', 'global wealth managemen', 'Clearstream', 'FNZ', 'FxXviJk3es']",2022-04-13,2022-04-15,Unknown
2897,Euroclear,NewsApi.org,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/notice-annual-general-meeting-next-160000773.html,Notice to the Annual General Meeting of Next Games Corporation,Next Games Corporation Company Release April 14  2022 at 7:00 p.m. (EEST) Notice to the Annual General Meeting of Next Games Corporation Notice is given to...,Next Games OyjNext Games Corporation Company Release April 14  2022 at 7:00 p.m. (EEST)Notice to the Annual General Meeting of Next Games CorporationNotice is given to the shareholders of Next Games Corporation for the Annual General Meeting to be held on May 5  2022 at 2:00 p.m. EET at Borenius Attorneys Ltd’s premises at Eteläesplanadi 2  FI-00130 Helsinki.In order to prevent the spread of the COVID-19 pandemic  the Annual General Meeting will be held without shareholders’ and their proxy representatives’ presence at the meeting venue. Shareholders and their representatives can participate in the Annual General Meeting and use the shareholder rights in connection with the Annual General Meeting only by voting in advance and by submitting counterproposals and by asking questions in advance. The instructions for the shareholders are provided in Section C. “Instructions for the Participants in the Annual General Meeting” of this notice. It is not possible to attend the meeting in person  and no webcast will be provided from the meeting.The Board of Directors of the Company has resolved on extraordinary meeting procedures pursuant to temporary legislation (375/2021). The Company has resolved to take actions enabled by the temporary legislation in order to hold the meeting in a predictable manner  taking into account the health and safety of the Company’s shareholders  personnel and other stakeholders.A. Matters on the Agenda of the Annual General MeetingThe following matters will be discussed at the Annual General Meeting:1. Opening of the meeting2. Calling the meeting to orderAttorney at Law Juha Koponen shall act as the Chair of the meeting. If due to weighty reasons Juha Koponen is not able to act as the Chair  the Board shall appoint another person it deems most suitable to act as the Chair.3. Election of persons to scrutinize the minutes and to supervise the counting of votesThe person to scrutinize the minutes and to supervise the counting of votes shall be LL.M. Nina Koivisto from Borenius Attorneys Ltd. In case Nina Koivisto is not able to act as the person to scrutinize the minutes and to supervise the counting of votes  the Board of Directors shall name another person it deems most suitable to act in that role.Story continues4. Recording the legality of the meeting5. Recording attendance at the meeting and adoption of the list of votesShareholders who have voted in advance within the advance voting period and have the right to attend the general meeting under Chapter 5  Section 6 and Chapter 5  Section 6a of the Finnish Limited Liability Companies Act shall be deemed shareholders represented at the meeting. The list of votes will be adopted based on information provided by Euroclear Finland Oy and Innovatics Ltd.6. Presentation of the Financial Statements  the Report of the Board of Directors and the Auditor’s Report for the year 2021As participation in the General Meeting is possible only in advance  the Annual Report published by the Company on March 14  2022 that includes the Company’s Financial Statements  the Report of the Board of Directors and the Auditor’s Report  and which is available on the Company’s website shall be deemed to have been presented to the Annual General Meeting.7. Adoption of the Financial Statements  including the adoption of the Consolidated Financial Statements8. Resolution on the use of the profit shown on the balance sheet and the payment of dividendThe Board of Directors proposes to the Annual General Meeting that the loss for the financial year 2021 be recognized as retained earnings and that no dividend be paid for the financial year 2021.9. Resolution on the discharge of the members of the Board of Directors and the CEO from liability10. Handling of the remuneration report for governing bodiesAs participation in the Annual General Meeting is possible only via advance voting  the Company’s remuneration report for the year 2021  which has been available on the Company’s website from March 14  2022  is deemed to have been presented to the General Meeting.The Board of Directors proposes that the Annual General Meeting adopts the remuneration report for the governing bodies. The resolution is an advisory resolution.11. Resolution on the remuneration of the members of the Board of DirectorsNetflix  Inc. (“Netflix”)  a shareholder in the Company who has made a voluntary recommended public cash tender offer for all outstanding shares and stock options in Next Games Corporation  proposes that no remuneration be paid to the members of the Board of Directors to be elected for the term of office ending at the closing of the next Annual General Meeting following the election.12. Resolution on the amendment of the Articles of AssociationNetflix proposes that Section 4 of the Company’s Articles of Association be amended to be read as follows:The company has a Board of Directors  consisting of at least three and a maximum of six members.The term of office the members of the Board of Directors expires at the end of the next annual general meeting following the election.Otherwise the Articles of Association would remain unchanged.13. Resolution on the number of the members of the Board of DirectorsNetflix proposes to the Annual General Meeting that three members be elected to the Board of Directors for a term of office that will commence at the closing of the Annual General Meeting and that will continue until the end of the next Annual General Meeting following the election.14. Election of members of the Board of DirectorsNetflix proposes to the Annual General Meeting that Emily Catlin  Madeleine de Cock Buning and Reg Thompson be elected as members of the Board of Directors for a term of office that will commence at the closing of the Annual General Meeting and that will continue until the end of the next Annual General Meeting following the election.15. Resolution on the remuneration of the AuditorThe Board of Directors proposes  based on the recommendation of the Audit Committee  that the Auditor to be appointed be remunerated in accordance with a reasonable invoice approved by the Company.16. Election of the AuditorThe Board of Directors proposes  based on the recommendation of the Audit Committee  that Authorized Public Accounting firm Deloitte Oy be elected as the Auditor of the Company for the following term of office. Deloitte Oy has stated that Authorized Public Accountant Mikko Lahtinen will act as the Responsible Auditor should Deloitte Oy be elected as the Auditor of the Company.17. Closing of the meetingB. Documents of the Annual General MeetingThis notice  including all proposals for the resolutions on the matters on the agenda of the Annual General Meeting  is available on Next Games Corporation’s website at https://www.nextgames.com/investors/corporate-governance/general-meetings/agm-2022. In addition  Next Games Corporation’s Financial Statements  Report of the Board of Directors  Auditor’s Report and Remuneration Report are available on the abovementioned website. Copies of these documents and of this notice will be sent to shareholders upon request.The minutes of the Annual General Meeting will be available on the abovementioned website no later than from May 19  2022.C. Instructions for the Participants in the Annual General MeetingShareholders and their proxies can participate in the Annual General Meeting and use their shareholder rights only by voting in advance and by submitting counterproposals and asking questions in advance in the manner instructed below.1. Shareholders registered in the shareholders’ registerEach shareholder who is registered on the record date of the Annual General Meeting  April 25  2022  in the shareholders’ register of the Company maintained by Euroclear Finland Oy is entitled to participate in the Annual General Meeting. A shareholder  whose shares are registered on their Finnish book-entry account  is registered in the shareholders’ register of the Company.Changes in the holding of shares that take place after the record date have no effect on the right to participate or the number of votes of the shareholder in the general meeting.2. Registration and advance votingRegistration for the Annual General Meeting and advance voting will begin on April 21  2022 at 10:00 a.m. EET following the deadline for submitting counterproposals to be placed for a vote. A shareholder registered in the Company’s shareholders’ register  who wishes to participate in the Annual General Meeting by voting in advance  must register for the Annual General Meeting and vote in advance no later than by April 28  2022 at 4:00 p.m. EET by which time the registration and votes need to have been received.When registering  requested information such as the name  personal identification number or business ID and contact details of the shareholder as well as the name and personal identification number of a possible proxy representative must be provided. The personal data given by the shareholder to Next Games Corporation and Innovatics Ltd will be used only in connection with the Annual General Meeting and with the processing of related necessary registrations.A shareholder  who has a Finnish book-entry account  may register and vote in advance on certain items on the agenda of the Annual General Meeting from 10:00 a.m. EET on April 21  2022 until 4:00 p.m. EET on April 28  2022 by the following means:a) through the Company’s website at https://www.nextgames.com/investors/corporate-governance/general-meetings/agm-2022Online registration and voting in advance require that the shareholders or their statutory representatives or proxy representatives use strong electronic authentication either by Finnish or Swedish bank ID or mobile certificate.b) by mail or emailA shareholder who votes in advance by mail or email shall send the advance voting form available on the Company’s website at https://www.nextgames.com/investors/corporate-governance/general-meetings/agm-2022 or corresponding information to Innovatics Ltd by mail to Innovatics Ltd  Annual General Meeting / Next Games Corporation  Ratamestarinkatu 13 A  FI-00520 Helsinki  Finland or by email to agm@innovatics.fi.If the shareholder participates in the Annual General Meeting by sending the votes in advance by mail or email to Innovatics Ltd  the submission of the advance votes before the end of the registration and advance voting period constitutes registration for the Annual General Meeting  provided that the shareholder’s message includes the information requested on the advance voting form required for registration.Instructions relating to the advance voting are available on the Company’s website at https://www.nextgames.com/investors/corporate-governance/general-meetings/agm-2022. Additional information on the registration and advance voting is available during the registration period by telephone at +358 10 2818 909 on business days during 9:00 a.m. until 12:00 noon and from 1:00 p.m. until 4:00 p.m. EET.3. Proxy representatives and powers of attorneyA shareholder may participate in the Annual General Meeting and use their rights by proxy.The proxy representative of a shareholder may participate in the Annual General Meeting only by voting in advance on behalf of the shareholder in the manner instructed in this notice. Proxy representatives must use strong electronic authentication when registering for the meeting and voting in advance online  after which they can register and vote in advance on behalf of the shareholder they represent.Proxy representatives shall produce a dated proxy document or otherwise in a reliable manner demonstrate their right to represent the shareholder. Statutory right of representation may be demonstrated by using the Suomi.fi e-Authorizations service which is in use in the online registration service. Should a shareholder participate in the Annual General Meeting by means of several proxy representatives representing the shareholder with shares in different book-entry accounts  the shares by which each proxy representative represents the shareholder shall be identified in connection with the registration for the Annual General Meeting.A template for proxy document and voting instructions will be available on the Company’s website https://www.nextgames.com/investors/corporate-governance/general-meetings/agm-2022 at the latest on April 21  2022 following the deadline for submitting counterproposals to be placed for a vote. Possible proxy documents should be delivered to Innovatics Ltd by mail to Innovatics Ltd  Annual General Meeting / Next Games Corporation  Ratamestarinkatu 13 A  FI-00520 Helsinki  Finland or by email to agm@innovatics.fi before the end of the registration period  by which time the documents must be received by Innovatics Ltd.A shareholder who does not vote in advance by themselves may use the proxy service provided by the Company free of charge and authorize LL.M. Nina Koivisto from Borenius Attorneys Ltd or a person independent of the Company designated by her to represent the shareholder and to exercise their voting right in the meeting in accordance with voting instructions given by the shareholder. The executed power of attorney including the advance voting form shall be provided to LL.M. Nina Koivisto by regular mail or by email (contact information below) prior to the end of registration period and voting period  by which the documents mentioned shall be received.The contact information of the proxy representative designated by the Company:mail address: Borenius Attorneys Ltd  Nina Koivisto  Eteläesplanadi 2  FI-00130 Helsinki  Finland.email: nina.koivisto@borenius.comtelephone: +358 20 713 3128Shareholders may participate in the General Meeting and exercise their rights in the meeting also by way of another proxy representative selected by themselves.4. Holders of nominee registered sharesA holder of nominee-registered shares has the right to participate in the Annual General Meeting by virtue of such shares  based on which they on the record date of the Annual General Meeting on April 25  2022 would be entitled to be registered in the shareholders’ register of the Company held by Euroclear Finland Oy. The right to participate in the Annual General Meeting requires  in addition  that the shareholder has  on the basis of such shares  been registered into the temporary shareholders’ register held by Euroclear Finland Oy at the latest by May 2  2022 by 10:00 a.m. EET. As regards nominee-registered shares  this constitutes due registration for the Annual General Meeting.A holder of nominee-registered shares is advised to request without delay necessary instructions regarding the temporary registration in the shareholders’ register of the Company  the issuing of proxy documents and registration for the Annual General Meeting from their custodian bank. The account management organization of the custodian bank shall temporarily register a holder of nominee-registered shares into the shareholders’ register of the Company at the latest by the time stated above. In addition  the account management organization of the custodian bank shall arrange advance voting on behalf of a nominee-registered shareholder within the registration period applicable to nominee-registered shares.5. Other instructions and informationShareholders who hold at least one hundredth of all the shares in the Company have the right to make a counterproposal concerning the items on the agenda of the Annual General Meeting to be placed for a vote. Such counterproposals are required to be sent to the Company by email to agm@nextgames.com no later than by April 20  2022 at 12:00 noon EET. In connection with making a counterproposal  shareholders are required to provide adequate evidence of shareholding. The counterproposal will be placed for a vote subject to the shareholder having the right to participate in the Annual General Meeting and that the shareholder holds at least one hundredth of all shares in the Company on the record date of the Annual General Meeting. Should the counterproposal not be placed for a vote at the Annual General Meeting  advance votes in favor of the proposal will not be taken into account. The Company will publish possible counterproposals to be placed for a vote on the Company’s website https://www.nextgames.com/investors/corporate-governance/general-meetings/agm-2022 by no later than April 21  2022.A shareholder has the right to ask questions referred to in Chapter 5  Section 25 of the Finnish Limited Liability Companies Act with respect to the matters to be considered at the Annual General Meeting. Such questions must be sent by either in the electronic registration service or email to the address agm@nextgames.com no later than April 21  2022 at 4:00 p.m. EET. Such questions from shareholders  the Company’s management’s answers to them  and any counterproposals that have not been placed for a vote will be available on the Company’s website at https://www.nextgames.com/investors/corporate-governance/general-meetings/agm-2022 on April 26  2022 at the latest. In connection with asking questions and making counterproposals  shareholders are required to provide adequate evidence of shareholding.On the date of this notice to the Annual General Meeting  the total number of shares in Next Games Corporation is 30 063 795. The company holds 13 410 treasury shares  which do not provide voting rights at the Annual General Meeting.Helsinki  April 14  2022NEXT GAMES CORPORATIONBOARD OF DIRECTORSADDITIONAL INFORMATIONAnnina SalvénCFO+358 (0) 40 588 3167agm@nextgames.comCertified Adviser: Aktia Alexander Corporate Finance Oy  tel. +358 (0) 50 520 4098About Next GamesNext Games is the first publicly listed mobile game developer and publisher in Finland  specializing in games based on entertainment franchises  such as movies  TV series or books. The developers of the critically acclaimed The Walking Dead games redefine the way franchise entertainment transforms into highly engaging service-based mobile games. Next Games works on multiple new games based on beloved global IPs. The Company’s latest game  Stranger Things: Puzzle Tales  is based on Netflix’s hit 80s horror drama series.,neutral,0.02,0.94,0.04,mixed,0.1,0.35,0.55,True,English,"['Annual General Meeting', 'Next Games Corporation', 'Notice', 'Finnish Limited Liability Companies Act', 'Next Games Corporation Company Release', 'public cash tender offer', 'LL.M. Nina Koivisto', 'next Annual General Meeting', 'Euroclear Finland Oy', 'Borenius Attorneys Ltd', 'extraordinary meeting procedures', 'proxy representatives’ presence', 'Law Juha Koponen', 'Consolidated Financial Statements', 'advance voting period', 'Innovatics Ltd', 'Annual Report', 'meeting venue', 'Eteläesplanadi', 'COVID-19 pandemic', 'temporary legislation', 'predictable manner', 'other stakeholders', 'A. Matters', 'following matters', 'weighty reasons', 'balance sheet', 'governing bodies', 'outstanding shares', 'stock options', 'financial year', 'shareholder rights', 'Section C.', 'six members', 'advisory resolution', 'remuneration report', 'The Board', 'Oyj', 'April', 'EEST', 'Notice', 'shareholders', 'May', 'premises', 'Helsinki', 'order', 'spread', 'connection', 'counterproposals', 'questions', 'instructions', 'Participants', 'person', 'webcast', 'Directors', 'actions', 'account', 'health', 'safety', 'Agenda', 'Opening', 'Chair', 'Election', 'minutes', 'counting', 'votes', 'case', 'role', 'Story', 'legality', 'attendance', 'adoption', 'list', 'Chapter', 'information', 'Presentation', 'Auditor', 'participation', 'March', 'website', 'use', 'profit', 'payment', 'dividend', 'loss', 'earnings', 'discharge', 'CEO', 'Handling', 'Netflix', 'voluntary', 'term', 'office', 'closing', 'amendment', 'Articles', 'Association', 'three', 'maximum', '7:00', '2:00', '7.']",2022-04-14,2022-04-15,finance.yahoo.com
2898,Euroclear,NewsApi.org,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/notice-annual-general-meeting-calliditas-072800180.html,Notice of annual general meeting of Calliditas Therapeutics AB (publ),The shareholders of Calliditas Therapeutics AB (publ)  Reg. No. 556659-9766  with registered office in Stockholm  are summoned to the annual general meeting ...,"STOCKHOLM  April 14  2022 /PRNewswire/ -- The shareholders of Calliditas Therapeutics AB (publ)  Reg. No. 556659-9766  with registered office in Stockholm  are summoned to the annual general meeting on Thursday 19 May 2022.With reference to the Swedish Act (2022:121) on temporary exceptions to facilitate the execution of general meetings in companies and other associations  the Board of Directors has decided that the annual general meeting will be conducted by advance voting only  without physical presence of shareholders  proxies and third parties.Calliditas Therapeutics welcomes all shareholders to exercise their voting rights at the annual general meeting through advance voting according to the procedure set out below. Information on the resolutions passed at the annual general meeting will be published on 19 May 2022  as soon as the result of the voting has been finally confirmed.In the advance voting form  the shareholders may request that a resolution on one or several of the matters on the proposed agenda below should be deferred to a so-called continued general meeting  which cannot be conducted solely by way of advance voting. Such continued general meeting shall take place if the annual general meeting so resolves or if shareholders with at least one tenth of all shares in the company so request. The shareholders are reminded of their right to request information in accordance with Section 23 of the Swedish Act (2022:121) on temporary exceptions to facilitate the execution of general meetings in companies and other associations and if the Board of Directors determines it can be done without significant harm to the company  the Board of Directors and the CEO shall provide information on circumstances that may affect the assessement of the company's or its subsidiaries' (together the ""Group"") financial situation and the company's relation to another company within the Group. A request for such information shall be made in writing to Calliditas Therapeutics  att. Fredrik Johansson  Kungsbron 1 D5  SE-111 22 Stockholm  Sweden  or by e-mail to fredrik.johansson@calliditas.com no later than on 9 May 2022.Participation  etc.Story continuesShareholders who wish to participate  through advance voting  in the meeting must:be recorded in the share register maintained by Euroclear Sweden AB relating to the circumstances on Wednesday 11 May 2022  andgive notice of participation by casting their advance votes in accordance with the instructions under the heading ""Advance voting"" below  so that the advance voting form is received by Euroclear Sweden AB no later than on Wednesday 18 May 2022.Shareholders whose shares are registered in the name of a nominee through a bank or a securities institution must temporarily re-register their shares in their own names to be entitled to participate in the meeting. Such registration  which may be temporary (so-called voting rights registration)  must be duly effected in the share register maintained by Euroclear Sweden AB on Friday 13 May 2022  and the shareholders must therefore advise their nominees well in advance of this date.Advance votingThe shareholders may only exercise their voting rights at the annual general meeting by voting in advance  so-called postal voting  in accordance with Section 22 of the Swedish Act (2022:121) on temporary exceptions to facilitate the execution of general meetings in companies and other associations. A special form shall be used for advance voting. The form is available on the company's website  www.calliditas.se. The advance voting form is considered as the notification of participation.The completed voting form must be received by Euroclear Sweden AB no later than Wednesday 18 May 2022. The form may be submitted via e-mail to GeneralMeetingService@euroclear.com or by post to Calliditas Therapeutics AB (publ)  annual general meeting 2022  c/o Euroclear Sweden  Box 191  SE-101 23 Stockholm. Shareholders may also cast their advance votes electronically through BankID verification via https://anmalan.vpc.se/EuroclearProxy/.If the shareholder votes in advance by proxy  a signed and dated power of attorney shall be enclosed to the form. If the shareholder is a legal entity  a certificate of incorporation or a corresponding document shall be enclosed to the form. The shareholder may not provide special instructions or conditions in the voting form. If so  the vote (i.e. the advance vote in its entirety) is invalid. Further instructions and conditions are included in the form for advance voting.For questions regarding the annual general meeting or to have the advance voting form sent by post  please contact Euroclear Sweden AB  by telephone +46 8 402 91 33 (Monday-Friday 09:00-16:00 CEST).Number of shares and votesAs per the date of this notice there are a total of 53 172 170 shares outstanding in the company that entitle to one vote per share at the general meeting. As per the date of this notice the company holds no treasury shares.Proposed agenda1. Election of a chairman of the meeting2. Election of one or two persons to approve the minutes3. Preparation and approval of the voting register4. Approval of the agenda5. Determination of whether the meeting was duly convened6. Presentation of the annual report and auditor's report and the consolidated financial statements and auditor's report for the Group7. Resolutions regarding:a. Adoption of the income statement and balance sheet and the consolidated income statement and consolidated balance sheet b. Allocation of the company's profit or loss according to the adopted balance sheet  andc. Discharge from liability for board members and the CEO8. Determination of the number of members of the Board of Directors and the number of auditors9. Determination of remuneration for the Board of Directors and the auditors10. Election of the Board of Directors11. Election of chairman of the Board of Directors12. Election of accounting firm or auditors13. Resolution on principles for appointing the nomination committee14. Resolution on approval of the Board of Directors' remuneration report15. Resolution to authorize the Board of Directors to resolve on issue of new shares  warrants and/or convertibles16. Resolutions  in order to facilitate implementation of and delivery of shares under a contemplated At-the-market program (the ""ATM Program"")  to:a. Amend the articles of associationb. Authorize the Board of Directors to resolve on issue of new C-sharesc. Authorize the Board of Directors to resolve on purchase of C-shares  andd. Authorize the Board of Directors to resolve on transfer of own ordinary shares17. Resolution  in order to adopt a long-term performance-based incentive program for members of the Board of Directors  on:a. Adoption of a long-term performance-based incentive program for members of the Board of Directorsb. Issue of warrantsc. Equity swap agreement with a third party18. Resolution  in order to adopt a long-term incentive program for the company's management and key personnel  on:a. Adoption of a long-term incentive program for the company's management and key personnelb. Issue of warrantsc. Equity swap agreement with a third partyItem 1  8-12 – The nomination committee's proposal to the annual general meeting 2022The nomination committee of Calliditas Therapeutics  which consists of Karl Tobieson (Linc AB) (chairman of the nomination committee)  Elmar Schnee (chairman of the Board of Directors)  Patrik Sobocki (Stiftelsen Industrifonden) and Pär Sjögemark (Handelsbanken Fonder) proposes the following:that Dain Hård Nevonen  member of the Swedish Bar Association  shall be appointed chairman at the annual general meeting.that the number of members of the Board of Directors shall be six (6) without deputies.that the number of auditors shall be one (1) without deputiesthat the directors' fee shall be paid with SEK 900 000 (850 000) to the chairman of the Board of Directors and SEK 350 000 (300 000) to each one of the other members who are not employed in the Group  SEK 200 000 (150 000) to the chairman of the audit committee and SEK 100 000 (75 000) to the other members of the audit committee who are not employed in the Group as well as SEK 50 000 (50 000) to the chairman of the remuneration committee and SEK 25 000 (25 000) to the other members of the remuneration committee who are not employed in the Group. In addition to the above-proposed remuneration for ordinary board work  it is proposed that board members residing in the United States shall receive an additional amount of SEK 140 000 (140 000) and that board members residing in Europe  but outside the Nordics  shall receive an additional amount of SEK 50 000 (50 000).that the fee to the auditor shall be paid in accordance with approved statement of costs.that the board members Elmar Schnee  Hilde Furberg  Diane Parks and Molly Henderson are re-elected as board members and that Henrik Stenqvist and Elisabeth Björk are elected as new board members  for the period up until the end of the next annual general meeting. Lennart Hansson has declined re-election.Information on the proposed new board membersHenrik Stenqvist  born in 1968. Henriks Stenqvist holds a degree in Finance and Business Administration from University of Linköping. Henrik has served as CFO of several listed life science companies and currently  he is the CFO of SOBI. Previous positions include CFO at Recipharm  CFO at Meda  Regional Finance Director at AstraZeneca  Finance Director at Astra Export & Trading and Board member of MedCap AB. Henrik Stenqvist holds 2 500 shares in Calliditas Therapeutics and is considered to be independent of Calliditas Therapeutics and its management as well as of Calliditas Therapeutics' larger shareholders.Elisabeth Björk  born in 1961. Elisabeth Björk is an endocrinologist by training and an associate professor of medicine at Uppsala University  Sweden. Elisabeth Bjӧrk is the Senior Vice President  Head of Late-stage Development  Cardiovascular  Renal and Metabolism (CVRM)  BioPharmaceuticals R&D at AstraZeneca leading the global development of medicines within this area. Throughout her career at AstraZeneca  she has gained broad drug development experience covering clinical development phase I-IV  large outcomes programs  major global filings and health authority interactions (FDA  EMA  Japan) and commercial strategy/implementation. Elisabeth Björk holds no shares in Calliditas Therapeutics and is considered to be independent of Calliditas Therapeutics and its management as well as of Calliditas Therapeutics' larger shareholders.that Elmar Schnee is re-elected chairman of the Board of Directors.that Ernst & Young AB is re-elected  in accordance with the audit committee's recommendation. Should Ernst & Young AB be re-elected  the nomination committee notes that Ernst & Young AB has communicated that Anna Svanberg will be re-elected as the auditor in charge.that the principles for appointing the nomination committee are left unchanged from the previous year.A presentation of the individuals proposed for re­election is available at www.calliditas.se/en/.Item 2 – Election of one or two persons to approve the minutesThe Board of Directors proposes that Patrik Sobocki (Stiftelsen Industrifonden) and Karl Tobieson (Linc AB)  or if one or both of them have an impediment to attend  the person or persons instead appointed by the Board of Directors  are elected to approve the minutes of the annual general meeting together with the chairman. The task of approving the minutes of the annual general meeting also includes verifying the voting register and that the advance votes received are correctly stated in the minutes of the annual general meeting.Item 3 – Preparation and approval of the voting registerThe voting register proposed for approval is the voting register drawn up by Euroclear Sweden AB on behalf of Calliditas Therapeutics  based on the annual general meeting's share register and advance votes received  as verified and recommended by the persons approving the minutes.Item 7b – Allocation of the company's profit or loss according to the adopted balance sheetThe Board of Directors proposes that no dividends shall be paid for the financial year 2021 and that that SEK 1 203 117 thousand is carried forward.Item 13 – Resolution on principles for appointing the nomination committeeThe nomination committee proposes that the annual general meeting resolves that the principles for appointing the nomination committee shall be left unchanged from the previous year  in accordance with the below.The nomination committee shall be composed of the chairman of the Board of Directors together with one representative of each of the three largest shareholders  based on ownership in the company as of the expiry of the third quarter of the financial year. Should any of the three largest shareholders renounce its right to appoint one representative to the nomination committee  such right shall transfer to the shareholder who then in turn  after these three  is the largest shareholder in the company. The Board of Directors shall convene the nomination committee. The member representing the largest shareholder shall be appointed chairman of the nomination committee  unless the nomination committee unanimously appoints someone else.Should a shareholder having appointed a representative to the nomination committee no longer be among the three largest shareholders at a point in time falling three months before the annual general meeting at the latest  the representative appointed by such shareholder shall resign and the shareholder who is then among the three largest shareholders shall have the right to appoint one representative to the nomination committee. Unless there are specific reasons otherwise  the already established composition of the nomination committee shall  however  remain unchanged in case such change in the ownership is only marginal or occurs during the three month period prior to the annual general meeting. Where a shareholder has become one of the three largest shareholders due to a material change in the ownership at a point in time falling later than three months before the annual general meeting  such shareholder shall however in any event have the right to take part of the work of the nomination committee and participate in its meetings. Should a member resign from the nomination committee before his or her work is completed  the shareholder who has appointed such member shall appoint a new member  unless that shareholder is no longer one of the three largest shareholders  in which case the largest shareholder in turn shall appoint the substitute member. A shareholder who has appointed a representative to the nomination committee shall have the right to discharge such representative and appoint a new representative.Changes to the composition of the nomination committee shall be announced immediately. The term of office for the nomination committee ends when the next nomination committee has been appointed. The nomination committee shall carry out its duties as set out in the Swedish Code of Corporate Governance.Item 14 – Resolution on approval of the Board of Directors' remuneration reportThe Board of Directors proposes that the annual general meeting resolves to approve the remuneration report on remunerations according to Chapter 8  section 53 a of the Swedish Companies Act (2005:551) (the ""Companies Act"").Item 15 – Resolution to authorize the Board of Directors to resolve on issue of new shares  warrants and/or convertiblesThe Board of Directors proposes that the annual general meeting resolves to authorize the Board of Directors to  at one or several occasions and for the period up until the next annual general meeting  increase the company's share capital by issuing new shares  warrants and/or convertibles. Such share issue resolution may be carried out with or without deviation from the shareholders' preferential rights and with or without provisions for contribution in kind  set-off or other conditions. The authorization may only be utilized to such extent that the number of shares issued under the authorization  or the number of shares created in connection with exercise of warrants or conversion of convertibles  corresponds to a dilution of not more than 15 percent of the total number of shares outstanding at the time of the general meeting's resolution on adoption of the proposed authorization  reduced with the number of shares transferred to ensure delivery of shares under the company's ATM Program in accordance with item 16d below.The purpose of the authorization is to increase the financial flexibility of the company and the general flexibility of the Board of Directors. Should the Board of Directors resolve on an issue with deviation from the shareholders' preferential rights  the reason for this shall be to finance an acquisition of operations  to procure capital to finance the development of projects or to commercialize the company' s products. Upon such deviation from the shareholders' preferential rights  the new issue shall be made at market terms and conditions.The CEO shall be authorized to make such minor adjustments to this resolution that may be necessary in connection with the registration.Item 16 – Resolution  in order to facilitate implementation of and delivery of shares under a contemplated ""At-the-market"" program (the ""ATM Program"")  to:Since 2020  Calliditas has had its shares  in the form of American Depositary Shares (""ADSs"")  listed in the United States on The Nasdaq Global Select Market. Calliditas' board of directors has been evaluating the opportunity of launching a so called At-The-Market program (""ATM Program"") in the US market. ATM Programs are common among many US listed companies  including Life Science companies. Approximately 70 percent of eligible Life Science Companies in the United States have ATM Programs in place. The board of directors of Calliditas is thus proposing to the shareholders to adopt resolutions to allow for an ATM Program as set out below in this agenda item 16  subject to AGM approval and further resolutions by the board before implementation of the program  however  no assurances can be given that a program will be utilized and the future use of an ATM Program will be evaluated by the Board of Directors taking other potential sources of financing  capital need and shareholder dilution into consideration.An ATM Program is an efficient and cost-effective method to raise equity in the US market  from time to time  and with significantly lower transactional costs compared to traditional capital raising alternatives. Sales are effected in ""at the market"" transactions of ADSs on The Nasdaq Global Select Market and/or negotiated transactions in the US subject to applicable US regulations and documentation. Having an ATM Program in place is expected to enable Calliditas to efficiently source capital in the US market  subject to demand and board approval. An ATM Program may also be used to settle reverse enquiries from institutional buyers. An ATM Program  if used  may also increase the liquidity of Calliditas' ADSs in the United States.16a - Amend the articles of associationThe Board of Directors proposes that the annual general meeting resolves to amend the articles of association as follows.A new section  § 5  together with an updated wording of § 4  is proposed in the articles of association. The new § 5  together with the amended § 4  allows for C-shares to be issued  conversion of C-shares into ordinary shares  redemption and regulates preferential rights.Following the insertion of a new section  a renumbering of sections is proposed  whereby the previous § 5 becomes § 6 and so on.Current wording Poposed wording 4 § Share capital and number of shares The share capital shall be not less than SEK 710 000 and not more than SEK 2 840 000. The number of shares shall be not less than 17 750 000 and not more than 71 000 000. 4 § Share capital and number of sharesThe share capital shall be not less than SEK 710 000 and not more than SEK 2 840 000. The number of shares shall be not less than 17 750 000 and not more than 71 000 000.The shares shall be issued in two classes  ordinary shares and C-shares. Ordinary shares shall entitle the holder to one (1) vote per share  whereas C-shares shall entitle the holder to one tenth (1/10) vote per share. Shares of each class may be issued in a quantity corresponding to the entire share capital of the company. Holders of C-shares are not entitled to dividends. Upon the company's liquidation  C-shares carry equivalent right to the company's assets as other shares  however not to an amount exceeding the quota value of the share.Where the company resolves to issue new shares by way of a cash issue or a set-off issue  one old share shall entitle the holder to pre-emption rights to one new share of the same class pro rata to the number of shares previously owned by the holder (primary pre-emption rights). Shares that are not subscribed for pursuant to primary pre-emption rights shall be offered to all shareholders for subscription (subsidiary pre-emption rights). Unless shares offered in such manner are sufficient for the subscription which takes place pursuant to subsidiary pre-emption rights  the shares shall be allotted among the subscribers pro rata to the total number of shares previously owned. Where this is not possible with respect to a particular share(s)  shares shall be allotted through drawing of lots.The provisions above shall not entail any restrictions on the possibility for the company to adopt a resolution regarding a cash issue or set-off issue without regard to shareholders' pre-emption rights.The provisions above regarding shareholders' pre-emption rights shall apply mutatis mutandis to an issue of warrants or an issue of convertible instruments.Where the company resolves to issue only one class of shares by way of a cash issue or set-off issue  all of the shareholders  irrespective of the class of share  shall hold pre-emption rights to subscribe for new shares pro rata to the number of shares previously owned.In the event of a bonus issue  new shares of each class shall be issued pro rata to the number of shares of the same class previously issued. In connection therewith  the owners of existing shares of a certain class shall entitle the holder to new shares of the same class. This shall not entail any restrictions on the possibility of issuing new shares of a new class by means of a bonus issue  following the required amendment to the articles of association.Reduction of share capital  which in any case shall not fall below the minimum share capital  may  upon the request of an owner of C-shares and a resolution by the company's Board of Directors or the general meeting  take place through redemption of C-shares. A request from a shareholder shall be made in writing. When a resolution on reduction has been passed  an amount corresponding to the reduction amount shall be transferred to the company's reserve fund  if required funds are available. The redemption amount per C- share shall correspond to the quota value of such share.Following notice of the redemption resolution  holders of shares shall promptly receive payment for the shares  or  if authorization from the Swedish Companies Registration Office (Sw. Bolagsverket) or a court is required  following notice that the final decision has been registered. 5 § (New section inserted) 5 § Conversion clauseC-shares held by the company may  upon decision of the board of directors be reclassified into ordinary shares. Immediately thereafter  the board of directors shall register the reclassification to the Swedish Companies Registration Office. The reclassification is effected when it has been registered and the reclassification been reflected in the central securities depository register.The Board of Directors proposes that the CEO shall be authorized to make the minor adjustments to this resolution that may be necessary in connection with their registration.16b - Authorize the Board of Directors to resolve on issue of new C-sharesThe Board of Directors proposes that the annual general meeting resolves to authorize the Board of Directors  during the period until the annual general meeting 2023 on one or more occasions  to increase the company's share capital by not more than SEK 236 321 by the issue of not more than 5 908 019 C-shares  each with a quota value of SEK 0.04. With deviation from the shareholders' pre-emption rights  the participating bank shall be entitled to subscribe for the new C-shares at a subscription price corresponding to the quota value of the shares.The purpose of the authorization and the reason for the deviation from the shareholders' pre-emption rights in connection with the issue of shares is to ensure delivery of shares to be sold under the company's ATM Program.16c - Authorize the Board of Directors to resolve on purchase of C-sharesThe Board of Directors proposes that the Board is authorized  during the period until the annual general meeting 2023  on one or more occasions  to decide on purchases of up to 5 908 019 C-shares in accordance with purchase offerings directed to all shareholders of C-shares which shall comprise all outstanding C-shares. Repurchases shall be effected at a purchase price corresponding to the quota value of the share. Payment for the acquired C-shares shall be made in cash. The company may purchase maximum so many shares that the company's holding of own shares after the purchase amounts to a maximum of one-tenth of all the shares in the company.The purpose of the authorization is to ensure delivery of shares to be sold under the company's ATM Program.16d - Authorize the Board of Directors to resolve on transfer of own ordinary sharesThe Board of Directors proposes that the Board of Directors is authorized  during the period until the next annual general meeting  on one or more occasions  to transfer up to 5 908 019 ordinary shares (following the re-classification from C-shares)  to be effected outside Nasdaq Stockholm against payment in cash. Such transfers may be effected at a price in cash which corresponds to the market price at the time of the transfer of the Calliditas Therapeutics shares transferred with such deviation as the Board of Directors finds appropriate. The authorization under this item may only be utilized to the extent that the shares transferred by virtue of this authorization  together with any shares issued by virtue of the authorization under item 15 above  do not exceed 20 percent of the total number of shares outstanding at the time of the general meeting's resolution on the proposed authorization.The purpose of the authorization is to ensure delivery of shares to be sold under the company's ATM Program.Item 17 – Resolution  in order to adopt a long-term performance-based incentive program for members of the Board of Directors  on:The nomination committee proposes that the annual general meeting resolves to implement a long-term performance-based incentive program for members of the Board of Directors of Calliditas Therapeutics AB (""Board LTIP 2022"") in accordance with items 17a – 17b below. The resolutions under items 17a – 17b below are proposed to be conditional upon each other. Should the majority requirement for item 17b below not be met  the nomination committee proposes that Calliditas Therapeutics shall be able to enter into an equity swap agreement with a third party in accordance with item 17c below and resolutions under items 17a and 17c shall then be conditional upon each other.Board LTIP 2022 is a program under which the participants will be granted  free of charge  share awards subject to performance vesting (""Share Awards"") that entitle to shares in Calliditas Therapeutics to be calculated in accordance with the principles stipulated below  however not more than 50 000 shares. As part of the implementation of Board LTIP 2022  not more than 50 000 warrants can be issued in accordance with item 17b below.17a - Adoption of a long-term performance-based incentive program for members of the Board of DirectorsThe rationale for the proposalBoard LTIP 2022 is intended for main owner independent members of the Board of Directors in Calliditas Therapeutics. The nomination committee believes that an equity-based incentive program is a central part of an attractive and competitive remuneration package in order to attract  retain and motivate internationally competent members of the Board of Directors  and to focus the participants on delivering exceptional performance which contributes to value creation for all shareholders. Board LTIP 2022 is adapted to the current position and needs of Calliditas Therapeutics. The nomination committee is of the opinion that Board LTIP 2022 will increase and strengthen the participants' dedication to Calliditas Therapeutics' operations  improve company loyalty and be beneficial to both the shareholders and Calliditas Therapeutics.Conditions for Share AwardsThe following conditions shall apply for the Share Awards.1. The Share Awards shall be granted free of charge to the participants as soon as practicable after the annual general meeting.2. The Share Awards shall vest gradually over approximately three years  corresponding to three terms up to the date of  whichever is earliest  (i) the annual general meeting 2025 or (ii) 1 July 2025 (the ""Vesting Date"")  where each term equals the period from one annual general meeting up until the day falling immediately prior to the next annual general meeting or the Vesting Date  as applicable (each such period a ""Term""). The Share Awards shall vest with 1/3 at the end of each Term  provided that the participant is still a Board member of Calliditas Therapeutics on the said date. In addition to the vesting conditions just stated  the Share Awards are subject to performance vesting based on the development of the Calliditas Therapeutics share price  in accordance with the vesting conditions below.3. The Share Awards are subject to performance vesting based on the development of the Calliditas Therapeutics share price over the period from the date the Share Awards are allocated (""Grant Date"") up to and including the day before the Vesting Date. The development of the share price will be measured based on the volume-weighted average price of the Calliditas Therapeutics share on Nasdaq Stockholm for the 10 trading days immediately preceding the Grant Date and the 10 trading days immediately preceding the Vesting Date  respectively. In the event Calliditas Therapeutics' share price has increased by more than 60 percent  100 percent of the Share Awards shall vest  and should the share price have increased by 20 percent  33 percent of such Share Awards shall vest. In the event of an increase of the share price of between 20 and 60 percent  vesting of the Share Awards will occur linearly. Should the increase of the share price be less than 20 percent  vesting will not occur at all.4. The earliest point in time at which shares may be obtained from vested Share Awards shall be as soon as possible after the Vesting Date and once an assessment of the performance criteria has been made.5. Each vested Share Award entitles the holder to receive one share in Calliditas Therapeutics without any compensation being payable provided that the holder is still a Board member of Calliditas Therapeutics at the relevant time of vesting with the exception of certain customary ""good leaver""-situations (death and permanent incapacity to complete the assignment due to illness or accident) and this shall also apply during the first year up until the day of the annual general meeting 2023.6. The number of Share Awards will be re-calculated in the event that changes occur in Calliditas Therapeutics' equity capital structure  such as a bonus issue  merger  rights issue  share split or reverse share split  reduction of the share capital or similar measures.7. The Share Awards cannot be transferred and may not be pledged.8. The Share Awards can be granted by the parent company as well as any other company within the Calliditas Therapeutics group.9. In the event of a public take-over offer  asset sale  liquidation  merger or any other such transaction affecting Calliditas Therapeutics  the Share Awards will vest in their entirety upon completion of such transaction.10. The Share Awards shall otherwise be subject to the terms set forth in the separate agreements with the participants and the detailed terms for Board LTIP 2022.AllocationThe number of Share Awards that shall be granted to each participant shall equal the below amount for the respective participant divided by the volume-weighted average price of the Calliditas Therapeutics share on Nasdaq Stockholm for the 10 trading days preceding the Grant Date.The Share Awards under Board LTIP 2022 shall be awarded in accordance with the following:Share Awards calculated based on SEK 1 300 000 to the chairman of the Board of Directors; andShare Awards calculated based on SEK 500 000 to each of Diane Parks  Hilde Furberg  Molly Henderson  Henrik Stenqvist and Elisabeth Björk.In any event  Board LTIP 2022 will comprise a total number of Share Awards which  if all Share Awards are vested in accordance with the vesting conditions above  can entitle to not more than 50 000 shares in Calliditas Therapeutics.Preparation of the proposalBoard LTIP 2022 has been prepared by the nomination committee and has been structured based on an evaluation of prior incentive programs and market practice for comparable European (including Swedish) and American listed companies.DilutionAssuming a volume-weighted average price of the Calliditas Therapeutics share on Nasdaq Stockholm for the 10 trading days preceding the Grant Date of SEK 100.00  Board LTIP 2022 will comprise not more than 38 000 shares in total  which corresponds to a dilution of approximately 0.07 percent on a fully diluted basis. Taking into account also the shares which may be issued pursuant to previously implemented incentive programs in the company  the maximum dilution amounts to 6.2 percent on a fully diluted basis. Taking into account also the shares which may be issued pursuant to previously implemented incentive programs in the company as well as the incentive program for the company's management and key personnel proposed to the annual general meeting 2022  the maximum dilution amounts to 9.4 percent on a fully diluted basis. The dilution is only expected to have a marginal effect on the company's key performance indicator ""Earnings (loss) per share"".Information about Calliditas Therapeutics' existing incentive programs can be found in Calliditas Therapeutics' annual report for 2021  note 10  which is available on the company's website  www.calliditas.se/en/.Scope and costs of the programBoard LTIP 2022 will be accounted for in accordance with ""IFRS 2 – Share-based payments"". IFRS 2 stipulates that the Share Awards shall be expensed as personnel costs over the vesting period and will be accounted for directly against equity. Personnel costs in accordance with IFRS 2 do not affect the company's cash flow. Social security costs will be expensed in the income statement during the vesting period.Assuming a volume-weighted average price of the Calliditas Therapeutics share on Nasdaq Stockholm for the 10 trading days preceding the Grant Date of SEK 100.0  the annual cost for the Board LTIP 2022  according to IFRS 2  is estimated at approximately SEK 0.5 million pre-tax. The estimated IFRS 2 cost has been calculated with a Monte Carlo simulation. The annual cost for social security contributions is estimated at SEK 0.7 million  based on an annual increase in the share price of 20 percent  the aforementioned assumptions and a social security tax rate of 31.42 percent. The total annual cost for Board LTIP 2022 during the term of the program  including costs according to IFRS 2 and social security charges  is therefore estimated to approximately SEK 1.2 million.The total cost of the Board LTIP 2022  including all costs referred to above and social security charges  is estimated to amount to approximately SEK 3.7 million under the above assumptions.Delivery of shares under Board LTIP 2022In order to ensure the delivery of shares under Board LTIP 2022  the nomination committee proposes that the annual general meeting resolves to issue warrants in accordance with item 17b below.17b –Issue of warrantsIn order to ensure the delivery of shares under Board LTIP 2022  the nomination committee proposes that the annual general meeting resolves to issue not more than 50 000 warrants  whereby the company's share capital can increase by not more than SEK 2 000 in accordance with the following:1. The right to subscribe for the warrants shall  with deviation from the shareholders' pre-emptive rights  only vest with Nefecon AB  a wholly owned subsidiary of Calliditas Therapeutics. The reason for the deviation from the shareholders' pre-emptive rights is the implementation of Board LTIP 2022. Nefecon AB shall be entitled to transfer the warrants to participants of Board LTIP 2022  or a financial intermediary in connection with the exercise of Share Awards.2. The warrants shall be issued free of charge and shall be subscribed for on a subscription list no later than 1 July 2022. The Board of Directors may extend the subscription period.3. The detailed terms of the warrants are set out in the complete proposal which is kept available to the shareholders.4. The exercise price for subscription for shares based on the warrants shall correspond to the share's quota value.5. The CEO shall be authorized to make such minor adjustments that may be necessary in connection with the registration of the new issue.6. Notification of subscription of shares by the exercise of Warrants can be made from and including the day of registration of the Warrants with the Swedish Companies' Office up until and including 31 December 2025.7. Shares which are issued following subscription shall entitle to participation in the distribution of profits for the first time on the nearest record date occurring after the subscription has been exercised.17c – Equity swap agreement with a third partyShould the majority requirement for item 17b above not be met  the nomination committee proposes that the annual general meeting resolves that Board LTIP 2022 shall instead be hedged so that Calliditas Therapeutics can enter into an equity swap agreement with a third party on terms in accordance with market practice  whereby the third party in its own name shall be entitled to acquire and transfer shares of Calliditas Therapeutics to the participants.Item 18 – Resolution  in order to adopt a long-term incentive program for the company's management and key personnel  on:The Board of Directors of Calliditas Therapeutics proposes the introduction of a long-term incentive program for the company's management and key personnel (including employees and consultants) in accordance with the following.The Board of Directors proposes that the annual general meeting resolves to implement a long-term incentive program for management and key personnel (including employees and consultants) in Calliditas Therapeutics (""ESOP 2022"") in accordance with items 18a – 18b below.The resolutions under items 18a – 18b below are proposed to be conditional upon each other. Should the majority requirement for item 18b below not be met  the Board of Directors proposes that Calliditas Therapeutics shall be able to enter into an equity swap agreement with a third party in accordance with item 18c below and resolutions under items 18a and 18c shall then be conditional upon each other.ESOP 2022 is a program under which the participants will be granted  free of charge  stock options to acquire shares in Calliditas Therapeutics (""Options"")  subject to vesting over a three-year period in accordance with the below. The Board of Directors proposes that a maximum of 2 000 000 Options are allocated to the participants.18a – Adoption of a long-term incentive program for the company's management and key personnelThe rationale for the proposalESOP 2022 is intended for members of management and key personnel (including employees and consultants) in Calliditas Therapeutics. The Board of Directors of Calliditas Therapeutics believes that an equity-based incentive program in the form of stock options is a central part of an attractive and competitive remuneration package in order to attract  retain and motivate competent members of management and key personnel (including employees and consultants) in Calliditas Therapeutics  and to focus the participants on delivering exceptional performance which contributes to value creation for all shareholders.The proposed program is key for the company's ability to attract  retain and motivate competent key persons in the United States as well as in Europe in the company's operations and commercial functions scaling up the market launch of TARPEYO in the United States and the development of the company's pipeline assets. During the fourth quarter of 2021  the company received accelerated approval in the United States and currently the company are launching TARPEYO in the United States. When recruiting experienced commercial personnel in the United States and other key employees in the United States and Europe it will be important for Calliditas Therapeutics to be able to offer attractive compensation terms. A competitive equity-based incentive program will be a key component in order to be able to attract and retain highly skilled and experienced individuals as Calliditas Therapeutics launches TARPEYO in the United States.The Board of Directors of Calliditas Therapeutics believes that ESOP 2022 will fortify the alignment of the interests of the participants and the interests of the shareholders. ESOP 2022 is adapted to the current position and needs of Calliditas Therapeutics. The Board of Directors is of the opinion that ESOP 2022 will increase and strengthen the participants' dedication to Calliditas Therapeutics' operations  improve company loyalty and that ESOP 2022 will be beneficial to both the shareholders and Calliditas Therapeutics.Conditions for OptionsThe following conditions shall apply for the Options.The Options shall be granted free of charge to the participants.The Board of Directors shall resolve upon the allocation of Options between the date of the annual general meeting 2022 and the date of the annual general meeting 2023 (with each respective granting falling on a "" Grant Date "").Each Option entitles the holder to acquire one share in Calliditas Therapeutics for a pre-determined exercise price. The exercise price will correspond to 115 percent of the volume weighted average price of the Calliditas Therapeutics share on Nasdaq Stockholm during the ten trading days preceding the Grant Date.The Options shall vest over a three-year period  with 20 percent on the first anniversary of the Grant Date  with an annual vesting of 40 percent during the second year after the Grant Date  and with an annual vesting of 40 percent during the third year after the Grant Date  and thereafter be exercisable  provided that the holder  with certain exceptions  still is employed by Calliditas Therapeutics (or  in the case of consultants  still provides services to Calliditas Therapeutics).Following the expiry of the vesting period  the Options may be exercised during a one-year period.The number of Options shall be subject to customary re-calculation  for example in the event that changes occur in Calliditas Therapeutics' equity capital structure  such as a bonus issue  merger  rights issue  share split or reverse share split  reduction of the share capital or similar measures.The Options are non-transferable and may not be pledged.The Options may be granted by the parent company as well as any other company within the Calliditas Therapeutics group.In the event of a public take-over offer  significant asset sale  liquidation  merger or any other such transaction affecting Calliditas Therapeutics  the Options will vest in their entirety following the completion of a change of control.AllocationThe right to receive Options shall accrue to up to 100 employees or consultants of the company. The Board of Directors may grant Options  on one or several occasions  between the date of the annual general meeting 2022 and the date of the annual general meeting 2023. The maximum number of Options that may be allocated to the participants under ESOP 2022 is 2 000 000.The maximum allocation per individual in each category shall be 300 000 Options for Category 1 (CEO)  250 000 Options for Category 2 (Management) and 100 000 Options for Category 3 (Other key personnel and consultants).Preparation  administration and the right to amend the terms of the OptionsThe Board of Directors is responsible for preparing the detailed terms and conditions of ESOP 2022  in accordance with the above-mentioned terms and guidelines. To this end  the Board of Directors shall be entitled to make adjustments to meet foreign regulations or market conditions  including resolving on cash or other settlement if deemed favorable for Calliditas Therapeutics based on foreign tax regulations. The Board of Directors may also make other adjustments if significant changes in Calliditas Therapeutics or its environment would result in a situation where the adopted terms and conditions of ESOP 2022 no longer serve their purpose.Preparation of the proposalESOP 2022 has been initiated by the Board of Directors of Calliditas Therapeutics and has been structured based on an evaluation of prior incentive programs and market practice for comparable European (including Swedish) and American listed companies. ESOP 2022 has been prepared by the Remuneration Committee and reviewed by the Board of Directors.DilutionSubject to certain recalculation conditions  the maximum number of shares that may be issued under ESOP 2022 is 2 000 000 which corresponds to a dilution of approximately 3.6 percent on a fully diluted basis. Taking into account also the shares which may be issued pursuant to already allocated warrants under the company's outstanding incentive programs  the maximum dilution amounts to approximately 9.4 percent on a fully diluted basis.The dilution is expected to have a marginal effect on the company's key performance indicator ""Earnings (loss) per share"".Information about Calliditas Therapeutics' existing incentive programs can be found on Calliditas Therapeutics' website  www.calliditas.se/en/  under ""Remuneration"" as well as in the company's annual report.Scope and costs of the programESOP 2022 will be accounted for in accordance with ""IFRS 2 – Share-based payments"". IFRS 2 stipulates that the Options shall be expensed as personnel costs over the vesting period. Personnel costs in accordance with IFRS 2 do not affect the company's cash flow. Social security costs will be expensed in the income statement according to UFR 7 during the vesting period.Assuming a share price at the time of allocation of Options of SEK 100.0  an annual increase in the share price of 15 percent and that all Options are allocated up-front under the assumptions set out under ""Dilution"" above  the average annual cost for Calliditas Therapeutics according to IFRS 2 is estimated to approximately SEK 16.2 million per year before tax. The average annual social security costs over the vesting period are estimated to approximately a total of SEK 10.9 million  based on the above assumptions  that all Options are fully vested  a vesting period for all Options of three years and social security costs of 31.42 percent. It is envisaged that the social security costs associated with ESOP 2022 will be covered by the cash received from the participants at exercise of Options. If necessary  social security costs will be covered by hedging measures through the issue of warrants (see item 18b below) which would be exercised by a financial intermediary in connection with the exercise of the Options. In either case  the social security costs associated with ESOP 2022 will be fully covered and will hence not affect the company's cash flow.The total cost of ESOP 2022  including all social security costs  is estimated to amount to approximately SEK 81.3 million under the above assumptions.The costs associated with ESOP 2022 are expected to have a marginal effect on the company's key performance indicator ""Expenses relating to R&D/operating expenses"".Delivery of shares under ESOP 2022In order to ensure the delivery of shares under ESOP 2022 and if necessary for hedging of social security costs  the Board of Directors proposes that the annual general meeting resolves to issue and use warrants in accordance with item 18b below.18b –Issue of warrantsIn order to ensure the delivery of shares under ESOP 2022  and for hedging of social security costs  the Board of Directors proposes that the annual general meeting resolves to issue not more than 2 000 000 warrants  whereby the company's share capital could be increased by not more than SEK 80 000.The right to subscribe for the warrants shall  with deviation from the shareholders' pre-emptive rights  only be granted Nefecon AB  a wholly owned subsidiary of Calliditas Therapeutics. The reason for the deviation from the shareholders' pre-emptive rights is the implementation of ESOP 2022. Nefecon AB shall be entitled to transfer the warrants to participants or a financial intermediary in connection with exercise.The warrants shall be issued free of charge. The exercise price for subscription for shares based on the warrants shall correspond to the share's quota value.The full terms and conditions for the warrants are presented in the complete proposal which is kept available to the shareholders in accordance with the below.18c – Equity swap agreement with a third partyShould the majority requirement for item 18b above not be met  the Board of Directors proposes that the annual general meeting resolves that ESOP 2022 instead shall be hedged through an equity swap agreement with a third party on terms in accordance with market practice  whereby the third party in its own name shall be entitled to acquire and transfer shares of Calliditas Therapeutics to the participants.Majority rulesThe implementation of the Board of Directors' proposals under item 15 and items 16a – 16d are subject to the approval at the annual general meeting with at least two thirds (2/3) of both the votes cast and of the shares represented at the meeting. Resolution in accordance with item 17b and 18b above requires approval of at least nine tenths (9/10) of the shares represented and votes cast at the annual general meeting.Other informationThe annual report and the auditor's report for the financial year 2021  proxy form and advance voting form  the remuneration report and other supporting documents for the general meeting  including complete proposals and statements from the Board of Directors  as well as the statement from the auditor pursuant to Chapter 8  Section 54 of the Companies Act will be available to the shareholders at the company's office on Kungsbron 1 D5  SE-111 22 Stockholm  Sweden  and on the company's webpage  www.calliditas.se/en/  no later than 28 April 2022. In connection with the publication of the notice  the nomination committee's proposal and motivated statement will be available on the address stated above as well as on the website stated above. Copies of the documents will be sent to the shareholders who so request and who inform the company of their postal address.Processing of personal dataFor information on how your personal data is processed  please see the integrity policy that is available at Euroclear's website  https://www.euroclear.com/dam/ESwithLegal/Privacy-notice-bolagsstammor-engelska.pdf.Stockholm  April 2022Calliditas Therapeutics AB (publ)The Board of DirectorsThis is an in-house translation of the Swedish original wording. In case of discrepancies between the English translation and the Swedish original  the Swedish text shall prevail.For further information  please contact:Mikael Widell  Investor relationsEmail: mikael.widell@calliditas.comTelephone: +46 703 11 99 60The information was submitted for publication  through the agency of the contact person set out above  at 08:30 am CEST on April 14  2022.DisclaimerNothing in this notice shall constitute an offer to sell nor a solicitation of an offer to buy any securities  nor shall there be any sale of any securities described herein in any state or jurisdiction in which such an offer  solicitation or sale would be unlawful prior to registration or qualification under the securities laws of any such state or jurisdictionAbout CalliditasCalliditas Therapeutics is a commercial stage biopharma company based in Stockholm  Sweden focused on identifying  developing and commercializing novel treatments in orphan indications  with an initial focus on renal and hepatic diseases with significant unmet medical needs. Calliditas' lead product  TARPEYOTM (budesonide) delayed release capsules  has been approved by the FDA and is the subject of a marketing authorization application (MAA) with the European Medicines Agency (EMA). Additionally  Calliditas is conducting a pivotal clinical trial with its NOX inhibitor product candidate setanaxib in primary biliary cholangitis and is initiating a head and neck cancer Phase 2 trial with setanaxib. Calliditas' common shares are listed on Nasdaq Stockholm (ticker: CALTX) and its American Depositary Shares are listed on the Nasdaq Global Select Market (ticker: CALT).This information was brought to you by Cision http://news.cision.comhttps://news.cision.com/calliditas-therapeutics/r/notice-of-annual-general-meeting-of-calliditas-therapeutics-ab--publ- c3546345The following files are available for download:CisionView original content:https://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/notice-of-annual-general-meeting-of-calliditas-therapeutics-ab-publ-301525615.htmlSOURCE Calliditas Therapeutics",neutral,0.02,0.96,0.03,mixed,0.2,0.27,0.53,True,English,"['annual general meeting', 'Calliditas Therapeutics AB', 'Notice', 'Euroclear Sweden AB', 'annual general meeting', 'continued general meeting', 'Group"") financial situation', 'Calliditas Therapeutics AB', 'voting rights registration', 'advance voting form', 'general meetings', 'Such registration', 'postal voting', 'Swedish Act', 'temporary exceptions', 'other associations', 'physical presence', 'third parties', 'significant harm', 'Fredrik Johansson', 'Kungsbron 1 D', 'fredrik.johansson', 'securities institution', 'BankID verification', 'legal entity', 'corresponding document', 'two persons', 'special form', 'Thursday 19 May', 'Wednesday 11 May', 'Wednesday 18 May', 'one tenth', 'share register', 'advance votes', 'special instructions', 'Further instructions', 'one vote', 'Friday 13 May', 'treasury shares', '53,172,170 shares', 'STOCKHOLM', 'April', 'PRNewswire', 'shareholders', 'Reg.', 'office', 'reference', 'execution', 'companies', 'Board', 'Directors', 'proxies', 'procedure', 'Information', 'resolutions', 'result', 'matters', 'agenda', 'way', 'place', 'company', 'accordance', 'Section', 'CEO', 'circumstances', 'assessement', 'subsidiaries', 'relation', 'request', 'writing', 'mail', 'Participation', 'Story', 'notice', 'heading', 'name', 'nominee', 'date', 'website', 'notification', 'GeneralMeetingService', 'publ', 'Box', 'anmalan', 'vpc', 'EuroclearProxy', 'power', 'attorney', 'certificate', 'incorporation', 'conditions', 'entirety', 'questions', 'telephone', 'Monday', 'Number', 'total', 'Election', 'chairman']",2022-04-14,2022-04-15,finance.yahoo.com
2899,Euroclear,NewsApi.org,https://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/notice-of-annual-general-meeting-of-calliditas-therapeutics-ab-publ-301525615.html,Notice of annual general meeting of Calliditas Therapeutics AB (publ),STOCKHOLM  April 14  2022 /PRNewswire/ -- The shareholders of Calliditas Therapeutics AB (publ)  Reg. No. 556659-9766  with registered office in Stockholm  are summoned to the annual general meeting on Thursday 19 May 2022. With reference to the Swedish Act (…,"STOCKHOLM  April 14  2022 /PRNewswire/ -- The shareholders of Calliditas Therapeutics AB (publ)  Reg. No. 556659-9766  with registered office in Stockholm  are summoned to the annual general meeting on Thursday 19 May 2022.With reference to the Swedish Act (2022:121) on temporary exceptions to facilitate the execution of general meetings in companies and other associations  the Board of Directors has decided that the annual general meeting will be conducted by advance voting only  without physical presence of shareholders  proxies and third parties.Calliditas Therapeutics welcomes all shareholders to exercise their voting rights at the annual general meeting through advance voting according to the procedure set out below. Information on the resolutions passed at the annual general meeting will be published on 19 May 2022  as soon as the result of the voting has been finally confirmed.In the advance voting form  the shareholders may request that a resolution on one or several of the matters on the proposed agenda below should be deferred to a so-called continued general meeting  which cannot be conducted solely by way of advance voting. Such continued general meeting shall take place if the annual general meeting so resolves or if shareholders with at least one tenth of all shares in the company so request. The shareholders are reminded of their right to request information in accordance with Section 23 of the Swedish Act (2022:121) on temporary exceptions to facilitate the execution of general meetings in companies and other associations and if the Board of Directors determines it can be done without significant harm to the company  the Board of Directors and the CEO shall provide information on circumstances that may affect the assessement of the company's or its subsidiaries' (together the ""Group"") financial situation and the company's relation to another company within the Group. A request for such information shall be made in writing to Calliditas Therapeutics  att. Fredrik Johansson  Kungsbron 1 D5  SE-111 22 Stockholm  Sweden  or by e-mail to [email protected] no later than on 9 May 2022.Participation  etc.Shareholders who wish to participate  through advance voting  in the meeting must:be recorded in the share register maintained by Euroclear Sweden AB relating to the circumstances on Wednesday 11 May 2022   and  and give notice of participation by casting their advance votes in accordance with the instructions under the heading ""Advance voting"" below  so that the advance voting form is received by Euroclear Sweden AB no later than on Wednesday 18 May 2022 .Shareholders whose shares are registered in the name of a nominee through a bank or a securities institution must temporarily re-register their shares in their own names to be entitled to participate in the meeting. Such registration  which may be temporary (so-called voting rights registration)  must be duly effected in the share register maintained by Euroclear Sweden AB on Friday 13 May 2022  and the shareholders must therefore advise their nominees well in advance of this date.Advance votingThe shareholders may only exercise their voting rights at the annual general meeting by voting in advance  so-called postal voting  in accordance with Section 22 of the Swedish Act (2022:121) on temporary exceptions to facilitate the execution of general meetings in companies and other associations. A special form shall be used for advance voting. The form is available on the company's website  www.calliditas.se. The advance voting form is considered as the notification of participation.The completed voting form must be received by Euroclear Sweden AB no later than Wednesday 18 May 2022. The form may be submitted via e-mail to [email protected] or by post to Calliditas Therapeutics AB (publ)  annual general meeting 2022  c/o Euroclear Sweden  Box 191  SE-101 23 Stockholm. Shareholders may also cast their advance votes electronically through BankID verification via https://anmalan.vpc.se/EuroclearProxy/.If the shareholder votes in advance by proxy  a signed and dated power of attorney shall be enclosed to the form. If the shareholder is a legal entity  a certificate of incorporation or a corresponding document shall be enclosed to the form. The shareholder may not provide special instructions or conditions in the voting form. If so  the vote (i.e. the advance vote in its entirety) is invalid. Further instructions and conditions are included in the form for advance voting.For questions regarding the annual general meeting or to have the advance voting form sent by post  please contact Euroclear Sweden AB  by telephone +46 8 402 91 33 (Monday-Friday 09:00-16:00 CEST).Number of shares and votesAs per the date of this notice there are a total of 53 172 170 shares outstanding in the company that entitle to one vote per share at the general meeting. As per the date of this notice the company holds no treasury shares.Proposed agenda1. Election of a chairman of the meeting2. Election of one or two persons to approve the minutes3. Preparation and approval of the voting register4. Approval of the agenda5. Determination of whether the meeting was duly convened6. Presentation of the annual report and auditor's report and the consolidated financial statements and auditor's report for the Group7. Resolutions regarding:a. Adoption of the income statement and balance sheet and the consolidated income statement and consolidated balance sheet b. Allocation of the company's profit or loss according to the adopted balance sheet  andc. Discharge from liability for board members and the CEO8. Determination of the number of members of the Board of Directors and the number of auditors9. Determination of remuneration for the Board of Directors and the auditors10. Election of the Board of Directors11. Election of chairman of the Board of Directors12. Election of accounting firm or auditors13. Resolution on principles for appointing the nomination committee14. Resolution on approval of the Board of Directors' remuneration report15. Resolution to authorize the Board of Directors to resolve on issue of new shares  warrants and/or convertibles16. Resolutions  in order to facilitate implementation of and delivery of shares under a contemplated At-the-market program (the ""ATM Program"")  to:a. Amend the articles of associationb. Authorize the Board of Directors to resolve on issue of new C-sharesc. Authorize the Board of Directors to resolve on purchase of C-shares  andd. Authorize the Board of Directors to resolve on transfer of own ordinary shares17. Resolution  in order to adopt a long-term performance-based incentive program for members of the Board of Directors  on:a. Adoption of a long-term performance-based incentive program for members of the Board of Directorsb. Issue of warrantsc. Equity swap agreement with a third party18. Resolution  in order to adopt a long-term incentive program for the company's management and key personnel  on:a. Adoption of a long-term incentive program for the company's management and key personnelb. Issue of warrantsc. Equity swap agreement with a third partyItem 1  8-12 – The nomination committee's proposal to the annual general meeting 2022The nomination committee of Calliditas Therapeutics  which consists of Karl Tobieson (Linc AB) (chairman of the nomination committee)  Elmar Schnee (chairman of the Board of Directors)  Patrik Sobocki (Stiftelsen Industrifonden) and Pär Sjögemark (Handelsbanken Fonder) proposes the following:that Dain Hård Nevonen  member of the Swedish Bar Association  shall be appointed chairman at the annual general meeting.that the number of members of the Board of Directors shall be six (6) without deputies.that the number of auditors shall be one (1) without deputiesthat the directors' fee shall be paid with SEK 900 000 (850 000) to the chairman of the Board of Directors and SEK 350 000 (300 000) to each one of the other members who are not employed in the Group  SEK 200 000 (150 000) to the chairman of the audit committee and SEK 100 000 (75 000) to the other members of the audit committee who are not employed in the Group as well as SEK 50 000 (50 000) to the chairman of the remuneration committee and SEK 25 000 (25 000) to the other members of the remuneration committee who are not employed in the Group. In addition to the above-proposed remuneration for ordinary board work  it is proposed that board members residing in the United States shall receive an additional amount of SEK 140 000 (140 000) and that board members residing in Europe   but outside the Nordics   shall receive an additional amount of SEK 50 000 (50 000).SEK SEK SEK SEK SEK SEK SEK Nordics SEK that the fee to the auditor shall be paid in accordance with approved statement of costs.that the board members Elmar Schnee   Hilde Furberg   Diane Parks and Molly Henderson are re-elected as board members and that Henrik Stenqvist and Elisabeth Björk are elected as new board members  for the period up until the end of the next annual general meeting. Lennart Hansson has declined re-election.Information on the proposed new board membersHenrik Stenqvist  born in 1968. Henriks Stenqvist holds a degree in Finance and Business Administration from University of Linköping. Henrik has served as CFO of several listed life science companies and currently  he is the CFO of SOBI. Previous positions include CFO at Recipharm  CFO at Meda  Regional Finance Director at AstraZeneca  Finance Director at Astra Export & Trading and Board member of MedCap AB. Henrik Stenqvist holds 2 500 shares in Calliditas Therapeutics and is considered to be independent of Calliditas Therapeutics and its management as well as of Calliditas Therapeutics' larger shareholders.Elisabeth Björk  born in 1961. Elisabeth Björk is an endocrinologist by training and an associate professor of medicine at Uppsala University  Sweden. Elisabeth Bjӧrk is the Senior Vice President  Head of Late-stage Development  Cardiovascular  Renal and Metabolism (CVRM)  BioPharmaceuticals R&D at AstraZeneca leading the global development of medicines within this area. Throughout her career at AstraZeneca  she has gained broad drug development experience covering clinical development phase I-IV  large outcomes programs  major global filings and health authority interactions (FDA  EMA  Japan) and commercial strategy/implementation. Elisabeth Björk holds no shares in Calliditas Therapeutics and is considered to be independent of Calliditas Therapeutics and its management as well as of Calliditas Therapeutics' larger shareholders.that Elmar Schnee is re-elected chairman of the Board of Directors.is re-elected chairman of the Board of Directors. that Ernst & Young AB is re-elected  in accordance with the audit committee's recommendation. Should Ernst & Young AB be re-elected  the nomination committee notes that Ernst & Young AB has communicated that Anna Svanberg will be re-elected as the auditor in charge.will be re-elected as the auditor in charge. that the principles for appointing the nomination committee are left unchanged from the previous year.A presentation of the individuals proposed for re­election is available at www.calliditas.se/en/.Item 2 – Election of one or two persons to approve the minutesThe Board of Directors proposes that Patrik Sobocki (Stiftelsen Industrifonden) and Karl Tobieson (Linc AB)  or if one or both of them have an impediment to attend  the person or persons instead appointed by the Board of Directors  are elected to approve the minutes of the annual general meeting together with the chairman. The task of approving the minutes of the annual general meeting also includes verifying the voting register and that the advance votes received are correctly stated in the minutes of the annual general meeting.Item 3 – Preparation and approval of the voting registerThe voting register proposed for approval is the voting register drawn up by Euroclear Sweden AB on behalf of Calliditas Therapeutics  based on the annual general meeting's share register and advance votes received  as verified and recommended by the persons approving the minutes.Item 7b – Allocation of the company's profit or loss according to the adopted balance sheetThe Board of Directors proposes that no dividends shall be paid for the financial year 2021 and that that SEK 1 203 117 thousand is carried forward.Item 13 – Resolution on principles for appointing the nomination committeeThe nomination committee proposes that the annual general meeting resolves that the principles for appointing the nomination committee shall be left unchanged from the previous year  in accordance with the below.The nomination committee shall be composed of the chairman of the Board of Directors together with one representative of each of the three largest shareholders  based on ownership in the company as of the expiry of the third quarter of the financial year. Should any of the three largest shareholders renounce its right to appoint one representative to the nomination committee  such right shall transfer to the shareholder who then in turn  after these three  is the largest shareholder in the company. The Board of Directors shall convene the nomination committee. The member representing the largest shareholder shall be appointed chairman of the nomination committee  unless the nomination committee unanimously appoints someone else.Should a shareholder having appointed a representative to the nomination committee no longer be among the three largest shareholders at a point in time falling three months before the annual general meeting at the latest  the representative appointed by such shareholder shall resign and the shareholder who is then among the three largest shareholders shall have the right to appoint one representative to the nomination committee. Unless there are specific reasons otherwise  the already established composition of the nomination committee shall  however  remain unchanged in case such change in the ownership is only marginal or occurs during the three month period prior to the annual general meeting. Where a shareholder has become one of the three largest shareholders due to a material change in the ownership at a point in time falling later than three months before the annual general meeting  such shareholder shall however in any event have the right to take part of the work of the nomination committee and participate in its meetings. Should a member resign from the nomination committee before his or her work is completed  the shareholder who has appointed such member shall appoint a new member  unless that shareholder is no longer one of the three largest shareholders  in which case the largest shareholder in turn shall appoint the substitute member. A shareholder who has appointed a representative to the nomination committee shall have the right to discharge such representative and appoint a new representative.Changes to the composition of the nomination committee shall be announced immediately. The term of office for the nomination committee ends when the next nomination committee has been appointed. The nomination committee shall carry out its duties as set out in the Swedish Code of Corporate Governance.Item 14 – Resolution on approval of the Board of Directors' remuneration reportThe Board of Directors proposes that the annual general meeting resolves to approve the remuneration report on remunerations according to Chapter 8  section 53 a of the Swedish Companies Act (2005:551) (the ""Companies Act"").Item 15 – Resolution to authorize the Board of Directors to resolve on issue of new shares  warrants and/or convertiblesThe Board of Directors proposes that the annual general meeting resolves to authorize the Board of Directors to  at one or several occasions and for the period up until the next annual general meeting  increase the company's share capital by issuing new shares  warrants and/or convertibles. Such share issue resolution may be carried out with or without deviation from the shareholders' preferential rights and with or without provisions for contribution in kind  set-off or other conditions. The authorization may only be utilized to such extent that the number of shares issued under the authorization  or the number of shares created in connection with exercise of warrants or conversion of convertibles  corresponds to a dilution of not more than 15 percent of the total number of shares outstanding at the time of the general meeting's resolution on adoption of the proposed authorization  reduced with the number of shares transferred to ensure delivery of shares under the company's ATM Program in accordance with item 16d below.The purpose of the authorization is to increase the financial flexibility of the company and the general flexibility of the Board of Directors. Should the Board of Directors resolve on an issue with deviation from the shareholders' preferential rights  the reason for this shall be to finance an acquisition of operations  to procure capital to finance the development of projects or to commercialize the company' s products. Upon such deviation from the shareholders' preferential rights  the new issue shall be made at market terms and conditions.The CEO shall be authorized to make such minor adjustments to this resolution that may be necessary in connection with the registration.Item 16 – Resolution  in order to facilitate implementation of and delivery of shares under a contemplated ""At-the-market"" program (the ""ATM Program"")  to:Since 2020  Calliditas has had its shares  in the form of American Depositary Shares (""ADSs"")  listed in the United States on The Nasdaq Global Select Market. Calliditas' board of directors has been evaluating the opportunity of launching a so called At-The-Market program (""ATM Program"") in the US market. ATM Programs are common among many US listed companies  including Life Science companies. Approximately 70 percent of eligible Life Science Companies in the United States have ATM Programs in place. The board of directors of Calliditas is thus proposing to the shareholders to adopt resolutions to allow for an ATM Program as set out below in this agenda item 16  subject to AGM approval and further resolutions by the board before implementation of the program  however  no assurances can be given that a program will be utilized and the future use of an ATM Program will be evaluated by the Board of Directors taking other potential sources of financing  capital need and shareholder dilution into consideration.An ATM Program is an efficient and cost-effective method to raise equity in the US market  from time to time  and with significantly lower transactional costs compared to traditional capital raising alternatives. Sales are effected in ""at the market"" transactions of ADSs on The Nasdaq Global Select Market and/or negotiated transactions in the US subject to applicable US regulations and documentation. Having an ATM Program in place is expected to enable Calliditas to efficiently source capital in the US market  subject to demand and board approval. An ATM Program may also be used to settle reverse enquiries from institutional buyers. An ATM Program  if used  may also increase the liquidity of Calliditas' ADSs in the United States.16a - Amend the articles of associationThe Board of Directors proposes that the annual general meeting resolves to amend the articles of association as follows.A new section  § 5  together with an updated wording of § 4  is proposed in the articles of association. The new § 5  together with the amended § 4  allows for C-shares to be issued  conversion of C-shares into ordinary shares  redemption and regulates preferential rights.Following the insertion of a new section  a renumbering of sections is proposed  whereby the previous § 5 becomes § 6 and so on.Current wording Poposed wording 4 § Share capital and number of shares The share capital shall be not less than SEK 710 000 and not more than SEK 2 840 000. The number of shares shall be not less than 17 750 000 and not more than 71 000 000. 4 § Share capital and number of sharesThe share capital shall be not less than SEK 710 000 and not more than SEK 2 840 000. The number of shares shall be not less than 17 750 000 and not more than 71 000 000.The shares shall be issued in two classes  ordinary shares and C-shares. Ordinary shares shall entitle the holder to one (1) vote per share  whereas C-shares shall entitle the holder to one tenth (1/10) vote per share. Shares of each class may be issued in a quantity corresponding to the entire share capital of the company. Holders of C-shares are not entitled to dividends. Upon the company's liquidation  C-shares carry equivalent right to the company's assets as other shares  however not to an amount exceeding the quota value of the share.Where the company resolves to issue new shares by way of a cash issue or a set-off issue  one old share shall entitle the holder to pre-emption rights to one new share of the same class pro rata to the number of shares previously owned by the holder (primary pre-emption rights). Shares that are not subscribed for pursuant to primary pre-emption rights shall be offered to all shareholders for subscription (subsidiary pre-emption rights). Unless shares offered in such manner are sufficient for the subscription which takes place pursuant to subsidiary pre-emption rights  the shares shall be allotted among the subscribers pro rata to the total number of shares previously owned. Where this is not possible with respect to a particular share(s)  shares shall be allotted through drawing of lots.The provisions above shall not entail any restrictions on the possibility for the company to adopt a resolution regarding a cash issue or set-off issue without regard to shareholders' pre-emption rights.The provisions above regarding shareholders' pre-emption rights shall apply mutatis mutandis to an issue of warrants or an issue of convertible instruments.Where the company resolves to issue only one class of shares by way of a cash issue or set-off issue  all of the shareholders  irrespective of the class of share  shall hold pre-emption rights to subscribe for new shares pro rata to the number of shares previously owned.In the event of a bonus issue  new shares of each class shall be issued pro rata to the number of shares of the same class previously issued. In connection therewith  the owners of existing shares of a certain class shall entitle the holder to new shares of the same class. This shall not entail any restrictions on the possibility of issuing new shares of a new class by means of a bonus issue  following the required amendment to the articles of association.Reduction of share capital  which in any case shall not fall below the minimum share capital  may  upon the request of an owner of C-shares and a resolution by the company's Board of Directors or the general meeting  take place through redemption of C-shares. A request from a shareholder shall be made in writing. When a resolution on reduction has been passed  an amount corresponding to the reduction amount shall be transferred to the company's reserve fund  if required funds are available. The redemption amount per C- share shall correspond to the quota value of such share.Following notice of the redemption resolution  holders of shares shall promptly receive payment for the shares  or  if authorization from the Swedish Companies Registration Office (Sw. Bolagsverket) or a court is required  following notice that the final decision has been registered. 5 § (New section inserted) 5 § Conversion clauseC-shares held by the company may  upon decision of the board of directors be reclassified into ordinary shares. Immediately thereafter  the board of directors shall register the reclassification to the Swedish Companies Registration Office. The reclassification is effected when it has been registered and the reclassification been reflected in the central securities depository register.The Board of Directors proposes that the CEO shall be authorized to make the minor adjustments to this resolution that may be necessary in connection with their registration.16b - Authorize the Board of Directors to resolve on issue of new C-sharesThe Board of Directors proposes that the annual general meeting resolves to authorize the Board of Directors  during the period until the annual general meeting 2023 on one or more occasions  to increase the company's share capital by not more than SEK 236 321 by the issue of not more than 5 908 019 C-shares  each with a quota value of SEK 0.04. With deviation from the shareholders' pre-emption rights  the participating bank shall be entitled to subscribe for the new C-shares at a subscription price corresponding to the quota value of the shares.The purpose of the authorization and the reason for the deviation from the shareholders' pre-emption rights in connection with the issue of shares is to ensure delivery of shares to be sold under the company's ATM Program.16c - Authorize the Board of Directors to resolve on purchase of C-sharesThe Board of Directors proposes that the Board is authorized  during the period until the annual general meeting 2023  on one or more occasions  to decide on purchases of up to 5 908 019 C-shares in accordance with purchase offerings directed to all shareholders of C-shares which shall comprise all outstanding C-shares. Repurchases shall be effected at a purchase price corresponding to the quota value of the share. Payment for the acquired C-shares shall be made in cash. The company may purchase maximum so many shares that the company's holding of own shares after the purchase amounts to a maximum of one-tenth of all the shares in the company.The purpose of the authorization is to ensure delivery of shares to be sold under the company's ATM Program.16d - Authorize the Board of Directors to resolve on transfer of own ordinary sharesThe Board of Directors proposes that the Board of Directors is authorized  during the period until the next annual general meeting  on one or more occasions  to transfer up to 5 908 019 ordinary shares (following the re-classification from C-shares)  to be effected outside Nasdaq Stockholm against payment in cash. Such transfers may be effected at a price in cash which corresponds to the market price at the time of the transfer of the Calliditas Therapeutics shares transferred with such deviation as the Board of Directors finds appropriate. The authorization under this item may only be utilized to the extent that the shares transferred by virtue of this authorization  together with any shares issued by virtue of the authorization under item 15 above  do not exceed 20 percent of the total number of shares outstanding at the time of the general meeting's resolution on the proposed authorization.The purpose of the authorization is to ensure delivery of shares to be sold under the company's ATM Program.Item 17 – Resolution  in order to adopt a long-term performance-based incentive program for members of the Board of Directors  on:The nomination committee proposes that the annual general meeting resolves to implement a long-term performance-based incentive program for members of the Board of Directors of Calliditas Therapeutics AB (""Board LTIP 2022"") in accordance with items 17a – 17b below. The resolutions under items 17a – 17b below are proposed to be conditional upon each other. Should the majority requirement for item 17b below not be met  the nomination committee proposes that Calliditas Therapeutics shall be able to enter into an equity swap agreement with a third party in accordance with item 17c below and resolutions under items 17a and 17c shall then be conditional upon each other.Board LTIP 2022 is a program under which the participants will be granted  free of charge  share awards subject to performance vesting (""Share Awards"") that entitle to shares in Calliditas Therapeutics to be calculated in accordance with the principles stipulated below  however not more than 50 000 shares. As part of the implementation of Board LTIP 2022  not more than 50 000 warrants can be issued in accordance with item 17b below.17a - Adoption of a long-term performance-based incentive program for members of the Board of DirectorsThe rationale for the proposalBoard LTIP 2022 is intended for main owner independent members of the Board of Directors in Calliditas Therapeutics. The nomination committee believes that an equity-based incentive program is a central part of an attractive and competitive remuneration package in order to attract  retain and motivate internationally competent members of the Board of Directors  and to focus the participants on delivering exceptional performance which contributes to value creation for all shareholders. Board LTIP 2022 is adapted to the current position and needs of Calliditas Therapeutics. The nomination committee is of the opinion that Board LTIP 2022 will increase and strengthen the participants' dedication to Calliditas Therapeutics' operations  improve company loyalty and be beneficial to both the shareholders and Calliditas Therapeutics.Conditions for Share AwardsThe following conditions shall apply for the Share Awards.1. The Share Awards shall be granted free of charge to the participants as soon as practicable after the annual general meeting.2. The Share Awards shall vest gradually over approximately three years  corresponding to three terms up to the date of  whichever is earliest  (i) the annual general meeting 2025 or (ii) 1 July 2025 (the ""Vesting Date"")  where each term equals the period from one annual general meeting up until the day falling immediately prior to the next annual general meeting or the Vesting Date  as applicable (each such period a ""Term""). The Share Awards shall vest with 1/3 at the end of each Term  provided that the participant is still a Board member of Calliditas Therapeutics on the said date. In addition to the vesting conditions just stated  the Share Awards are subject to performance vesting based on the development of the Calliditas Therapeutics share price  in accordance with the vesting conditions below.3. The Share Awards are subject to performance vesting based on the development of the Calliditas Therapeutics share price over the period from the date the Share Awards are allocated (""Grant Date"") up to and including the day before the Vesting Date. The development of the share price will be measured based on the volume-weighted average price of the Calliditas Therapeutics share on Nasdaq Stockholm for the 10 trading days immediately preceding the Grant Date and the 10 trading days immediately preceding the Vesting Date  respectively. In the event Calliditas Therapeutics' share price has increased by more than 60 percent  100 percent of the Share Awards shall vest  and should the share price have increased by 20 percent  33 percent of such Share Awards shall vest. In the event of an increase of the share price of between 20 and 60 percent  vesting of the Share Awards will occur linearly. Should the increase of the share price be less than 20 percent  vesting will not occur at all.4. The earliest point in time at which shares may be obtained from vested Share Awards shall be as soon as possible after the Vesting Date and once an assessment of the performance criteria has been made.5. Each vested Share Award entitles the holder to receive one share in Calliditas Therapeutics without any compensation being payable provided that the holder is still a Board member of Calliditas Therapeutics at the relevant time of vesting with the exception of certain customary ""good leaver""-situations (death and permanent incapacity to complete the assignment due to illness or accident) and this shall also apply during the first year up until the day of the annual general meeting 2023.6. The number of Share Awards will be re-calculated in the event that changes occur in Calliditas Therapeutics' equity capital structure  such as a bonus issue  merger  rights issue  share split or reverse share split  reduction of the share capital or similar measures.7. The Share Awards cannot be transferred and may not be pledged.8. The Share Awards can be granted by the parent company as well as any other company within the Calliditas Therapeutics group.9. In the event of a public take-over offer  asset sale  liquidation  merger or any other such transaction affecting Calliditas Therapeutics  the Share Awards will vest in their entirety upon completion of such transaction.10. The Share Awards shall otherwise be subject to the terms set forth in the separate agreements with the participants and the detailed terms for Board LTIP 2022.AllocationThe number of Share Awards that shall be granted to each participant shall equal the below amount for the respective participant divided by the volume-weighted average price of the Calliditas Therapeutics share on Nasdaq Stockholm for the 10 trading days preceding the Grant Date.The Share Awards under Board LTIP 2022 shall be awarded in accordance with the following:Share Awards calculated based on SEK 1 300 000 to the chairman of the Board of Directors; andto the chairman of the Board of Directors; and Share Awards calculated based on SEK 500 000 to each of Diane Parks   Hilde Furberg   Molly Henderson   Henrik Stenqvist and Elisabeth Björk .In any event  Board LTIP 2022 will comprise a total number of Share Awards which  if all Share Awards are vested in accordance with the vesting conditions above  can entitle to not more than 50 000 shares in Calliditas Therapeutics.Preparation of the proposalBoard LTIP 2022 has been prepared by the nomination committee and has been structured based on an evaluation of prior incentive programs and market practice for comparable European (including Swedish) and American listed companies.DilutionAssuming a volume-weighted average price of the Calliditas Therapeutics share on Nasdaq Stockholm for the 10 trading days preceding the Grant Date of SEK 100.00  Board LTIP 2022 will comprise not more than 38 000 shares in total  which corresponds to a dilution of approximately 0.07 percent on a fully diluted basis. Taking into account also the shares which may be issued pursuant to previously implemented incentive programs in the company  the maximum dilution amounts to 6.2 percent on a fully diluted basis. Taking into account also the shares which may be issued pursuant to previously implemented incentive programs in the company as well as the incentive program for the company's management and key personnel proposed to the annual general meeting 2022  the maximum dilution amounts to 9.4 percent on a fully diluted basis. The dilution is only expected to have a marginal effect on the company's key performance indicator ""Earnings (loss) per share"".Information about Calliditas Therapeutics' existing incentive programs can be found in Calliditas Therapeutics' annual report for 2021  note 10  which is available on the company's website  www.calliditas.se/en/.Scope and costs of the programBoard LTIP 2022 will be accounted for in accordance with ""IFRS 2 – Share-based payments"". IFRS 2 stipulates that the Share Awards shall be expensed as personnel costs over the vesting period and will be accounted for directly against equity. Personnel costs in accordance with IFRS 2 do not affect the company's cash flow. Social security costs will be expensed in the income statement during the vesting period.Assuming a volume-weighted average price of the Calliditas Therapeutics share on Nasdaq Stockholm for the 10 trading days preceding the Grant Date of SEK 100.0  the annual cost for the Board LTIP 2022  according to IFRS 2  is estimated at approximately SEK 0.5 million pre-tax. The estimated IFRS 2 cost has been calculated with a Monte Carlo simulation. The annual cost for social security contributions is estimated at SEK 0.7 million  based on an annual increase in the share price of 20 percent  the aforementioned assumptions and a social security tax rate of 31.42 percent. The total annual cost for Board LTIP 2022 during the term of the program  including costs according to IFRS 2 and social security charges  is therefore estimated to approximately SEK 1.2 million.The total cost of the Board LTIP 2022  including all costs referred to above and social security charges  is estimated to amount to approximately SEK 3.7 million under the above assumptions.Delivery of shares under Board LTIP 2022In order to ensure the delivery of shares under Board LTIP 2022  the nomination committee proposes that the annual general meeting resolves to issue warrants in accordance with item 17b below.17b –Issue of warrantsIn order to ensure the delivery of shares under Board LTIP 2022  the nomination committee proposes that the annual general meeting resolves to issue not more than 50 000 warrants  whereby the company's share capital can increase by not more than SEK 2 000 in accordance with the following:1. The right to subscribe for the warrants shall  with deviation from the shareholders' pre-emptive rights  only vest with Nefecon AB  a wholly owned subsidiary of Calliditas Therapeutics. The reason for the deviation from the shareholders' pre-emptive rights is the implementation of Board LTIP 2022. Nefecon AB shall be entitled to transfer the warrants to participants of Board LTIP 2022  or a financial intermediary in connection with the exercise of Share Awards.2. The warrants shall be issued free of charge and shall be subscribed for on a subscription list no later than 1 July 2022. The Board of Directors may extend the subscription period.3. The detailed terms of the warrants are set out in the complete proposal which is kept available to the shareholders.4. The exercise price for subscription for shares based on the warrants shall correspond to the share's quota value.5. The CEO shall be authorized to make such minor adjustments that may be necessary in connection with the registration of the new issue.6. Notification of subscription of shares by the exercise of Warrants can be made from and including the day of registration of the Warrants with the Swedish Companies' Office up until and including 31 December 2025.7. Shares which are issued following subscription shall entitle to participation in the distribution of profits for the first time on the nearest record date occurring after the subscription has been exercised.17c – Equity swap agreement with a third partyShould the majority requirement for item 17b above not be met  the nomination committee proposes that the annual general meeting resolves that Board LTIP 2022 shall instead be hedged so that Calliditas Therapeutics can enter into an equity swap agreement with a third party on terms in accordance with market practice  whereby the third party in its own name shall be entitled to acquire and transfer shares of Calliditas Therapeutics to the participants.Item 18 – Resolution  in order to adopt a long-term incentive program for the company's management and key personnel  on:The Board of Directors of Calliditas Therapeutics proposes the introduction of a long-term incentive program for the company's management and key personnel (including employees and consultants) in accordance with the following.The Board of Directors proposes that the annual general meeting resolves to implement a long-term incentive program for management and key personnel (including employees and consultants) in Calliditas Therapeutics (""ESOP 2022"") in accordance with items 18a – 18b below.The resolutions under items 18a – 18b below are proposed to be conditional upon each other. Should the majority requirement for item 18b below not be met  the Board of Directors proposes that Calliditas Therapeutics shall be able to enter into an equity swap agreement with a third party in accordance with item 18c below and resolutions under items 18a and 18c shall then be conditional upon each other.ESOP 2022 is a program under which the participants will be granted  free of charge  stock options to acquire shares in Calliditas Therapeutics (""Options"")  subject to vesting over a three-year period in accordance with the below. The Board of Directors proposes that a maximum of 2 000 000 Options are allocated to the participants.18a – Adoption of a long-term incentive program for the company's management and key personnelThe rationale for the proposalESOP 2022 is intended for members of management and key personnel (including employees and consultants) in Calliditas Therapeutics. The Board of Directors of Calliditas Therapeutics believes that an equity-based incentive program in the form of stock options is a central part of an attractive and competitive remuneration package in order to attract  retain and motivate competent members of management and key personnel (including employees and consultants) in Calliditas Therapeutics  and to focus the participants on delivering exceptional performance which contributes to value creation for all shareholders.The proposed program is key for the company's ability to attract  retain and motivate competent key persons in the United States as well as in Europe in the company's operations and commercial functions scaling up the market launch of TARPEYO in the United States and the development of the company's pipeline assets. During the fourth quarter of 2021  the company received accelerated approval in the United States and currently the company are launching TARPEYO in the United States. When recruiting experienced commercial personnel in the United States and other key employees in the United States and Europe it will be important for Calliditas Therapeutics to be able to offer attractive compensation terms. A competitive equity-based incentive program will be a key component in order to be able to attract and retain highly skilled and experienced individuals as Calliditas Therapeutics launches TARPEYO in the United States.The Board of Directors of Calliditas Therapeutics believes that ESOP 2022 will fortify the alignment of the interests of the participants and the interests of the shareholders. ESOP 2022 is adapted to the current position and needs of Calliditas Therapeutics. The Board of Directors is of the opinion that ESOP 2022 will increase and strengthen the participants' dedication to Calliditas Therapeutics' operations  improve company loyalty and that ESOP 2022 will be beneficial to both the shareholders and Calliditas Therapeutics.Conditions for OptionsThe following conditions shall apply for the Options.The Options shall be granted free of charge to the participants.The Board of Directors shall resolve upon the allocation of Options between the date of the annual general meeting 2022 and the date of the annual general meeting 2023 (with each respective granting falling on a "" Grant Date "").""). Each Option entitles the holder to acquire one share in Calliditas Therapeutics for a pre-determined exercise price. The exercise price will correspond to 115 percent of the volume weighted average price of the Calliditas Therapeutics share on Nasdaq Stockholm during the ten trading days preceding the Grant Date.The Options shall vest over a three-year period  with 20 percent on the first anniversary of the Grant Date  with an annual vesting of 40 percent during the second year after the Grant Date  and with an annual vesting of 40 percent during the third year after the Grant Date  and thereafter be exercisable  provided that the holder  with certain exceptions  still is employed by Calliditas Therapeutics (or  in the case of consultants  still provides services to Calliditas Therapeutics).Following the expiry of the vesting period  the Options may be exercised during a one-year period.The number of Options shall be subject to customary re-calculation  for example in the event that changes occur in Calliditas Therapeutics' equity capital structure  such as a bonus issue  merger  rights issue  share split or reverse share split  reduction of the share capital or similar measures.The Options are non-transferable and may not be pledged.The Options may be granted by the parent company as well as any other company within the Calliditas Therapeutics group.In the event of a public take-over offer  significant asset sale  liquidation  merger or any other such transaction affecting Calliditas Therapeutics  the Options will vest in their entirety following the completion of a change of control.AllocationThe right to receive Options shall accrue to up to 100 employees or consultants of the company. The Board of Directors may grant Options  on one or several occasions  between the date of the annual general meeting 2022 and the date of the annual general meeting 2023. The maximum number of Options that may be allocated to the participants under ESOP 2022 is 2 000 000.The maximum allocation per individual in each category shall be 300 000 Options for Category 1 (CEO)  250 000 Options for Category 2 (Management) and 100 000 Options for Category 3 (Other key personnel and consultants).Preparation  administration and the right to amend the terms of the OptionsThe Board of Directors is responsible for preparing the detailed terms and conditions of ESOP 2022  in accordance with the above-mentioned terms and guidelines. To this end  the Board of Directors shall be entitled to make adjustments to meet foreign regulations or market conditions  including resolving on cash or other settlement if deemed favorable for Calliditas Therapeutics based on foreign tax regulations. The Board of Directors may also make other adjustments if significant changes in Calliditas Therapeutics or its environment would result in a situation where the adopted terms and conditions of ESOP 2022 no longer serve their purpose.Preparation of the proposalESOP 2022 has been initiated by the Board of Directors of Calliditas Therapeutics and has been structured based on an evaluation of prior incentive programs and market practice for comparable European (including Swedish) and American listed companies. ESOP 2022 has been prepared by the Remuneration Committee and reviewed by the Board of Directors.DilutionSubject to certain recalculation conditions  the maximum number of shares that may be issued under ESOP 2022 is 2 000 000 which corresponds to a dilution of approximately 3.6 percent on a fully diluted basis. Taking into account also the shares which may be issued pursuant to already allocated warrants under the company's outstanding incentive programs  the maximum dilution amounts to approximately 9.4 percent on a fully diluted basis.The dilution is expected to have a marginal effect on the company's key performance indicator ""Earnings (loss) per share"".Information about Calliditas Therapeutics' existing incentive programs can be found on Calliditas Therapeutics' website  www.calliditas.se/en/  under ""Remuneration"" as well as in the company's annual report.Scope and costs of the programESOP 2022 will be accounted for in accordance with ""IFRS 2 – Share-based payments"". IFRS 2 stipulates that the Options shall be expensed as personnel costs over the vesting period. Personnel costs in accordance with IFRS 2 do not affect the company's cash flow. Social security costs will be expensed in the income statement according to UFR 7 during the vesting period.Assuming a share price at the time of allocation of Options of SEK 100.0  an annual increase in the share price of 15 percent and that all Options are allocated up-front under the assumptions set out under ""Dilution"" above  the average annual cost for Calliditas Therapeutics according to IFRS 2 is estimated to approximately SEK 16.2 million per year before tax. The average annual social security costs over the vesting period are estimated to approximately a total of SEK 10.9 million  based on the above assumptions  that all Options are fully vested  a vesting period for all Options of three years and social security costs of 31.42 percent. It is envisaged that the social security costs associated with ESOP 2022 will be covered by the cash received from the participants at exercise of Options. If necessary  social security costs will be covered by hedging measures through the issue of warrants (see item 18b below) which would be exercised by a financial intermediary in connection with the exercise of the Options. In either case  the social security costs associated with ESOP 2022 will be fully covered and will hence not affect the company's cash flow.The total cost of ESOP 2022  including all social security costs  is estimated to amount to approximately SEK 81.3 million under the above assumptions.The costs associated with ESOP 2022 are expected to have a marginal effect on the company's key performance indicator ""Expenses relating to R&D/operating expenses"".Delivery of shares under ESOP 2022In order to ensure the delivery of shares under ESOP 2022 and if necessary for hedging of social security costs  the Board of Directors proposes that the annual general meeting resolves to issue and use warrants in accordance with item 18b below.18b –Issue of warrantsIn order to ensure the delivery of shares under ESOP 2022  and for hedging of social security costs  the Board of Directors proposes that the annual general meeting resolves to issue not more than 2 000 000 warrants  whereby the company's share capital could be increased by not more than SEK 80 000.The right to subscribe for the warrants shall  with deviation from the shareholders' pre-emptive rights  only be granted Nefecon AB  a wholly owned subsidiary of Calliditas Therapeutics. The reason for the deviation from the shareholders' pre-emptive rights is the implementation of ESOP 2022. Nefecon AB shall be entitled to transfer the warrants to participants or a financial intermediary in connection with exercise.The warrants shall be issued free of charge. The exercise price for subscription for shares based on the warrants shall correspond to the share's quota value.The full terms and conditions for the warrants are presented in the complete proposal which is kept available to the shareholders in accordance with the below.18c – Equity swap agreement with a third partyShould the majority requirement for item 18b above not be met  the Board of Directors proposes that the annual general meeting resolves that ESOP 2022 instead shall be hedged through an equity swap agreement with a third party on terms in accordance with market practice  whereby the third party in its own name shall be entitled to acquire and transfer shares of Calliditas Therapeutics to the participants.Majority rulesThe implementation of the Board of Directors' proposals under item 15 and items 16a – 16d are subject to the approval at the annual general meeting with at least two thirds (2/3) of both the votes cast and of the shares represented at the meeting. Resolution in accordance with item 17b and 18b above requires approval of at least nine tenths (9/10) of the shares represented and votes cast at the annual general meeting.Other informationThe annual report and the auditor's report for the financial year 2021  proxy form and advance voting form  the remuneration report and other supporting documents for the general meeting  including complete proposals and statements from the Board of Directors  as well as the statement from the auditor pursuant to Chapter 8  Section 54 of the Companies Act will be available to the shareholders at the company's office on Kungsbron 1 D5  SE-111 22 Stockholm  Sweden  and on the company's webpage  www.calliditas.se/en/  no later than 28 April 2022. In connection with the publication of the notice  the nomination committee's proposal and motivated statement will be available on the address stated above as well as on the website stated above. Copies of the documents will be sent to the shareholders who so request and who inform the company of their postal address.Processing of personal dataFor information on how your personal data is processed  please see the integrity policy that is available at Euroclear's website  https://www.euroclear.com/dam/ESwithLegal/Privacy-notice-bolagsstammor-engelska.pdf.Stockholm  April 2022Calliditas Therapeutics AB (publ)The Board of DirectorsThis is an in-house translation of the Swedish original wording. In case of discrepancies between the English translation and the Swedish original  the Swedish text shall prevail.For further information  please contact:Mikael Widell  Investor relationsEmail: [email protected]Telephone: +46 703 11 99 60The information was submitted for publication  through the agency of the contact person set out above  at 08:30 am CEST on April 14  2022.DisclaimerNothing in this notice shall constitute an offer to sell nor a solicitation of an offer to buy any securities  nor shall there be any sale of any securities described herein in any state or jurisdiction in which such an offer  solicitation or sale would be unlawful prior to registration or qualification under the securities laws of any such state or jurisdictionAbout CalliditasCalliditas Therapeutics is a commercial stage biopharma company based in Stockholm  Sweden focused on identifying  developing and commercializing novel treatments in orphan indications  with an initial focus on renal and hepatic diseases with significant unmet medical needs. Calliditas' lead product  TARPEYOTM (budesonide) delayed release capsules  has been approved by the FDA and is the subject of a marketing authorization application (MAA) with the European Medicines Agency (EMA). Additionally  Calliditas is conducting a pivotal clinical trial with its NOX inhibitor product candidate setanaxib in primary biliary cholangitis and is initiating a head and neck cancer Phase 2 trial with setanaxib. Calliditas' common shares are listed on Nasdaq Stockholm (ticker: CALTX) and its American Depositary Shares are listed on the Nasdaq Global Select Market (ticker: CALT).This information was brought to you by Cision http://news.cision.comhttps://news.cision.com/calliditas-therapeutics/r/notice-of-annual-general-meeting-of-calliditas-therapeutics-ab--publ- c3546345The following files are available for download:SOURCE Calliditas Therapeutics",neutral,0.02,0.96,0.03,negative,0.02,0.22,0.76,True,English,"['annual general meeting', 'Calliditas Therapeutics AB', 'Notice', 'Euroclear Sweden AB', 'annual general meeting', 'continued general meeting', 'Group"") financial situation', 'Calliditas Therapeutics AB', 'voting rights registration', 'advance voting form', 'general meetings', 'Such registration', 'postal voting', 'Swedish Act', 'temporary exceptions', 'other associations', 'physical presence', 'third parties', 'significant harm', 'Fredrik Johansson', 'Kungsbron 1 D', 'securities institution', 'BankID verification', 'legal entity', 'corresponding document', 'two persons', 'special form', 'Thursday 19 May', 'Wednesday 11 May', 'Wednesday 18 May', 'one tenth', 'share register', 'special instructions', 'Further instructions', 'advance vote', 'one vote', 'Friday 13 May', 'treasury shares', 'votes', '53,172,170 shares', 'STOCKHOLM', 'April', 'PRNewswire', 'shareholders', 'Reg.', 'office', 'reference', 'execution', 'companies', 'Board', 'Directors', 'proxies', 'procedure', 'Information', 'resolutions', 'result', 'matters', 'agenda', 'way', 'place', 'company', 'accordance', 'Section', 'CEO', 'circumstances', 'assessement', 'subsidiaries', 'relation', 'request', 'writing', 'mail', 'Participation', 'notice', 'heading', 'name', 'nominee', 'date', 'website', 'notification', 'publ', 'Box', 'anmalan', 'vpc', 'EuroclearProxy', 'power', 'attorney', 'certificate', 'incorporation', 'conditions', 'entirety', 'questions', 'telephone', 'Monday', 'Number', 'total', 'Election', 'chairman', 'minutes', 'Preparation']",2022-04-14,2022-04-15,prnewswire.com
2900,Euroclear,NewsApi.org,https://www.ky3.com/prnewswire/2022/04/14/notice-annual-general-meeting-calliditas-therapeutics-ab-publ/,Notice of annual general meeting of Calliditas Therapeutics AB (publ),,"STOCKHOLM  April 14  2022 /PRNewswire/ -- The shareholders of Calliditas Therapeutics AB (publ)  Reg. No. 556659-9766  with registered office in Stockholm  are summoned to the annual general meeting on Thursday 19 May 2022.With reference to the Swedish Act (2022:121) on temporary exceptions to facilitate the execution of general meetings in companies and other associations  the Board of Directors has decided that the annual general meeting will be conducted by advance voting only  without physical presence of shareholders  proxies and third parties.Calliditas Therapeutics welcomes all shareholders to exercise their voting rights at the annual general meeting through advance voting according to the procedure set out below. Information on the resolutions passed at the annual general meeting will be published on 19 May 2022  as soon as the result of the voting has been finally confirmed.In the advance voting form  the shareholders may request that a resolution on one or several of the matters on the proposed agenda below should be deferred to a so-called continued general meeting  which cannot be conducted solely by way of advance voting. Such continued general meeting shall take place if the annual general meeting so resolves or if shareholders with at least one tenth of all shares in the company so request. The shareholders are reminded of their right to request information in accordance with Section 23 of the Swedish Act (2022:121) on temporary exceptions to facilitate the execution of general meetings in companies and other associations and if the Board of Directors determines it can be done without significant harm to the company  the Board of Directors and the CEO shall provide information on circumstances that may affect the assessement of the company's or its subsidiaries' (together the ""Group"") financial situation and the company's relation to another company within the Group. A request for such information shall be made in writing to Calliditas Therapeutics  att. Fredrik Johansson  Kungsbron 1 D5  SE-111 22 Stockholm  Sweden  or by e-mail to fredrik.johansson@calliditas.com no later than on 9 May 2022.Participation  etc.Shareholders who wish to participate  through advance voting  in the meeting must:be recorded in the share register maintained by Euroclear Sweden AB relating to the circumstances on Wednesday 11 May 2022   andgive notice of participation by casting their advance votes in accordance with the instructions under the heading ""Advance voting"" below  so that the advance voting form is received by Euroclear Sweden AB no later than on Wednesday 18 May 2022 .Shareholders whose shares are registered in the name of a nominee through a bank or a securities institution must temporarily re-register their shares in their own names to be entitled to participate in the meeting. Such registration  which may be temporary (so-called voting rights registration)  must be duly effected in the share register maintained by Euroclear Sweden AB on Friday 13 May 2022  and the shareholders must therefore advise their nominees well in advance of this date.Advance votingThe shareholders may only exercise their voting rights at the annual general meeting by voting in advance  so-called postal voting  in accordance with Section 22 of the Swedish Act (2022:121) on temporary exceptions to facilitate the execution of general meetings in companies and other associations. A special form shall be used for advance voting. The form is available on the company's website  www.calliditas.se. The advance voting form is considered as the notification of participation.The completed voting form must be received by Euroclear Sweden AB no later than Wednesday 18 May 2022. The form may be submitted via e-mail to GeneralMeetingService@euroclear.com or by post to Calliditas Therapeutics AB (publ)  annual general meeting 2022  c/o Euroclear Sweden  Box 191  SE-101 23 Stockholm. Shareholders may also cast their advance votes electronically through BankID verification via https://anmalan.vpc.se/EuroclearProxy/.If the shareholder votes in advance by proxy  a signed and dated power of attorney shall be enclosed to the form. If the shareholder is a legal entity  a certificate of incorporation or a corresponding document shall be enclosed to the form. The shareholder may not provide special instructions or conditions in the voting form. If so  the vote (i.e. the advance vote in its entirety) is invalid. Further instructions and conditions are included in the form for advance voting.For questions regarding the annual general meeting or to have the advance voting form sent by post  please contact Euroclear Sweden AB  by telephone +46 8 402 91 33 (Monday-Friday 09:00-16:00 CEST).Number of shares and votesAs per the date of this notice there are a total of 53 172 170 shares outstanding in the company that entitle to one vote per share at the general meeting. As per the date of this notice the company holds no treasury shares.Proposed agenda1. Election of a chairman of the meeting2. Election of one or two persons to approve the minutes3. Preparation and approval of the voting register4. Approval of the agenda5. Determination of whether the meeting was duly convened6. Presentation of the annual report and auditor's report and the consolidated financial statements and auditor's report for the Group7. Resolutions regarding:a. Adoption of the income statement and balance sheet and the consolidated income statement and consolidated balance sheet b. Allocation of the company's profit or loss according to the adopted balance sheet  andc. Discharge from liability for board members and the CEO8. Determination of the number of members of the Board of Directors and the number of auditors9. Determination of remuneration for the Board of Directors and the auditors10. Election of the Board of Directors11. Election of chairman of the Board of Directors12. Election of accounting firm or auditors13. Resolution on principles for appointing the nomination committee14. Resolution on approval of the Board of Directors' remuneration report15. Resolution to authorize the Board of Directors to resolve on issue of new shares  warrants and/or convertibles16. Resolutions  in order to facilitate implementation of and delivery of shares under a contemplated At-the-market program (the ""ATM Program"")  to:a. Amend the articles of associationb. Authorize the Board of Directors to resolve on issue of new C-sharesc. Authorize the Board of Directors to resolve on purchase of C-shares  andd. Authorize the Board of Directors to resolve on transfer of own ordinary shares17. Resolution  in order to adopt a long-term performance-based incentive program for members of the Board of Directors  on:a. Adoption of a long-term performance-based incentive program for members of the Board of Directorsb. Issue of warrantsc. Equity swap agreement with a third party18. Resolution  in order to adopt a long-term incentive program for the company's management and key personnel  on:a. Adoption of a long-term incentive program for the company's management and key personnelb. Issue of warrantsc. Equity swap agreement with a third partyItem 1  8-12 – The nomination committee's proposal to the annual general meeting 2022The nomination committee of Calliditas Therapeutics  which consists of Karl Tobieson (Linc AB) (chairman of the nomination committee)  Elmar Schnee (chairman of the Board of Directors)  Patrik Sobocki (Stiftelsen Industrifonden) and Pär Sjögemark (Handelsbanken Fonder) proposes the following:that Dain Hård Nevonen  member of the Swedish Bar Association  shall be appointed chairman at the annual general meeting.that the number of members of the Board of Directors shall be six (6) without deputies.that the number of auditors shall be one (1) without deputiesthat the directors' fee shall be paid with SEK 900 000 (850 000) to the chairman of the Board of Directors and SEK 350 000 (300 000) to each one of the other members who are not employed in the Group  SEK 200 000 (150 000) to the chairman of the audit committee and SEK 100 000 (75 000) to the other members of the audit committee who are not employed in the Group as well as SEK 50 000 (50 000) to the chairman of the remuneration committee and SEK 25 000 (25 000) to the other members of the remuneration committee who are not employed in the Group. In addition to the above-proposed remuneration for ordinary board work  it is proposed that board members residing in the United States shall receive an additional amount of SEK 140 000 (140 000) and that board members residing in Europe   but outside the Nordics   shall receive an additional amount of SEK 50 000 (50 000).that the fee to the auditor shall be paid in accordance with approved statement of costs.that the board members Elmar Schnee   Hilde Furberg   Diane Parks and Molly Henderson are re-elected as board members and that Henrik Stenqvist and Elisabeth Björk are elected as new board members  for the period up until the end of the next annual general meeting. Lennart Hansson has declined re-election.Information on the proposed new board membersHenrik Stenqvist  born in 1968. Henriks Stenqvist holds a degree in Finance and Business Administration from University of Linköping. Henrik has served as CFO of several listed life science companies and currently  he is the CFO of SOBI. Previous positions include CFO at Recipharm  CFO at Meda  Regional Finance Director at AstraZeneca  Finance Director at Astra Export & Trading and Board member of MedCap AB. Henrik Stenqvist holds 2 500 shares in Calliditas Therapeutics and is considered to be independent of Calliditas Therapeutics and its management as well as of Calliditas Therapeutics' larger shareholders.Elisabeth Björk  born in 1961. Elisabeth Björk is an endocrinologist by training and an associate professor of medicine at Uppsala University  Sweden. Elisabeth Bjӧrk is the Senior Vice President  Head of Late-stage Development  Cardiovascular  Renal and Metabolism (CVRM)  BioPharmaceuticals R&D at AstraZeneca leading the global development of medicines within this area. Throughout her career at AstraZeneca  she has gained broad drug development experience covering clinical development phase I-IV  large outcomes programs  major global filings and health authority interactions (FDA  EMA  Japan) and commercial strategy/implementation. Elisabeth Björk holds no shares in Calliditas Therapeutics and is considered to be independent of Calliditas Therapeutics and its management as well as of Calliditas Therapeutics' larger shareholders.that Elmar Schnee is re-elected chairman of the Board of Directors.that Ernst & Young AB is re-elected  in accordance with the audit committee's recommendation. Should Ernst & Young AB be re-elected  the nomination committee notes that Ernst & Young AB has communicated that Anna Svanberg will be re-elected as the auditor in charge.that the principles for appointing the nomination committee are left unchanged from the previous year.A presentation of the individuals proposed for re­election is available at www.calliditas.se/en/.Item 2 – Election of one or two persons to approve the minutesThe Board of Directors proposes that Patrik Sobocki (Stiftelsen Industrifonden) and Karl Tobieson (Linc AB)  or if one or both of them have an impediment to attend  the person or persons instead appointed by the Board of Directors  are elected to approve the minutes of the annual general meeting together with the chairman. The task of approving the minutes of the annual general meeting also includes verifying the voting register and that the advance votes received are correctly stated in the minutes of the annual general meeting.Item 3 – Preparation and approval of the voting registerThe voting register proposed for approval is the voting register drawn up by Euroclear Sweden AB on behalf of Calliditas Therapeutics  based on the annual general meeting's share register and advance votes received  as verified and recommended by the persons approving the minutes.Item 7b – Allocation of the company's profit or loss according to the adopted balance sheetThe Board of Directors proposes that no dividends shall be paid for the financial year 2021 and that that SEK 1 203 117 thousand is carried forward.Item 13 – Resolution on principles for appointing the nomination committeeThe nomination committee proposes that the annual general meeting resolves that the principles for appointing the nomination committee shall be left unchanged from the previous year  in accordance with the below.The nomination committee shall be composed of the chairman of the Board of Directors together with one representative of each of the three largest shareholders  based on ownership in the company as of the expiry of the third quarter of the financial year. Should any of the three largest shareholders renounce its right to appoint one representative to the nomination committee  such right shall transfer to the shareholder who then in turn  after these three  is the largest shareholder in the company. The Board of Directors shall convene the nomination committee. The member representing the largest shareholder shall be appointed chairman of the nomination committee  unless the nomination committee unanimously appoints someone else.Should a shareholder having appointed a representative to the nomination committee no longer be among the three largest shareholders at a point in time falling three months before the annual general meeting at the latest  the representative appointed by such shareholder shall resign and the shareholder who is then among the three largest shareholders shall have the right to appoint one representative to the nomination committee. Unless there are specific reasons otherwise  the already established composition of the nomination committee shall  however  remain unchanged in case such change in the ownership is only marginal or occurs during the three month period prior to the annual general meeting. Where a shareholder has become one of the three largest shareholders due to a material change in the ownership at a point in time falling later than three months before the annual general meeting  such shareholder shall however in any event have the right to take part of the work of the nomination committee and participate in its meetings. Should a member resign from the nomination committee before his or her work is completed  the shareholder who has appointed such member shall appoint a new member  unless that shareholder is no longer one of the three largest shareholders  in which case the largest shareholder in turn shall appoint the substitute member. A shareholder who has appointed a representative to the nomination committee shall have the right to discharge such representative and appoint a new representative.Changes to the composition of the nomination committee shall be announced immediately. The term of office for the nomination committee ends when the next nomination committee has been appointed. The nomination committee shall carry out its duties as set out in the Swedish Code of Corporate Governance.Item 14 – Resolution on approval of the Board of Directors' remuneration reportThe Board of Directors proposes that the annual general meeting resolves to approve the remuneration report on remunerations according to Chapter 8  section 53 a of the Swedish Companies Act (2005:551) (the ""Companies Act"").Item 15 – Resolution to authorize the Board of Directors to resolve on issue of new shares  warrants and/or convertiblesThe Board of Directors proposes that the annual general meeting resolves to authorize the Board of Directors to  at one or several occasions and for the period up until the next annual general meeting  increase the company's share capital by issuing new shares  warrants and/or convertibles. Such share issue resolution may be carried out with or without deviation from the shareholders' preferential rights and with or without provisions for contribution in kind  set-off or other conditions. The authorization may only be utilized to such extent that the number of shares issued under the authorization  or the number of shares created in connection with exercise of warrants or conversion of convertibles  corresponds to a dilution of not more than 15 percent of the total number of shares outstanding at the time of the general meeting's resolution on adoption of the proposed authorization  reduced with the number of shares transferred to ensure delivery of shares under the company's ATM Program in accordance with item 16d below.The purpose of the authorization is to increase the financial flexibility of the company and the general flexibility of the Board of Directors. Should the Board of Directors resolve on an issue with deviation from the shareholders' preferential rights  the reason for this shall be to finance an acquisition of operations  to procure capital to finance the development of projects or to commercialize the company' s products. Upon such deviation from the shareholders' preferential rights  the new issue shall be made at market terms and conditions.The CEO shall be authorized to make such minor adjustments to this resolution that may be necessary in connection with the registration.Item 16 – Resolution  in order to facilitate implementation of and delivery of shares under a contemplated ""At-the-market"" program (the ""ATM Program"")  to:Since 2020  Calliditas has had its shares  in the form of American Depositary Shares (""ADSs"")  listed in the United States on The Nasdaq Global Select Market. Calliditas' board of directors has been evaluating the opportunity of launching a so called At-The-Market program (""ATM Program"") in the US market. ATM Programs are common among many US listed companies  including Life Science companies. Approximately 70 percent of eligible Life Science Companies in the United States have ATM Programs in place. The board of directors of Calliditas is thus proposing to the shareholders to adopt resolutions to allow for an ATM Program as set out below in this agenda item 16  subject to AGM approval and further resolutions by the board before implementation of the program  however  no assurances can be given that a program will be utilized and the future use of an ATM Program will be evaluated by the Board of Directors taking other potential sources of financing  capital need and shareholder dilution into consideration.An ATM Program is an efficient and cost-effective method to raise equity in the US market  from time to time  and with significantly lower transactional costs compared to traditional capital raising alternatives. Sales are effected in ""at the market"" transactions of ADSs on The Nasdaq Global Select Market and/or negotiated transactions in the US subject to applicable US regulations and documentation. Having an ATM Program in place is expected to enable Calliditas to efficiently source capital in the US market  subject to demand and board approval. An ATM Program may also be used to settle reverse enquiries from institutional buyers. An ATM Program  if used  may also increase the liquidity of Calliditas' ADSs in the United States.16a - Amend the articles of associationThe Board of Directors proposes that the annual general meeting resolves to amend the articles of association as follows.A new section  § 5  together with an updated wording of § 4  is proposed in the articles of association. The new § 5  together with the amended § 4  allows for C-shares to be issued  conversion of C-shares into ordinary shares  redemption and regulates preferential rights.Following the insertion of a new section  a renumbering of sections is proposed  whereby the previous § 5 becomes § 6 and so on.Current wording Poposed wording 4 § Share capital and number of shares The share capital shall be not less than SEK 710 000 and not more than SEK 2 840 000. The number of shares shall be not less than 17 750 000 and not more than 71 000 000. 4 § Share capital and number of sharesThe share capital shall be not less than SEK 710 000 and not more than SEK 2 840 000. The number of shares shall be not less than 17 750 000 and not more than 71 000 000.The shares shall be issued in two classes  ordinary shares and C-shares. Ordinary shares shall entitle the holder to one (1) vote per share  whereas C-shares shall entitle the holder to one tenth (1/10) vote per share. Shares of each class may be issued in a quantity corresponding to the entire share capital of the company. Holders of C-shares are not entitled to dividends. Upon the company's liquidation  C-shares carry equivalent right to the company's assets as other shares  however not to an amount exceeding the quota value of the share.Where the company resolves to issue new shares by way of a cash issue or a set-off issue  one old share shall entitle the holder to pre-emption rights to one new share of the same class pro rata to the number of shares previously owned by the holder (primary pre-emption rights). Shares that are not subscribed for pursuant to primary pre-emption rights shall be offered to all shareholders for subscription (subsidiary pre-emption rights). Unless shares offered in such manner are sufficient for the subscription which takes place pursuant to subsidiary pre-emption rights  the shares shall be allotted among the subscribers pro rata to the total number of shares previously owned. Where this is not possible with respect to a particular share(s)  shares shall be allotted through drawing of lots.The provisions above shall not entail any restrictions on the possibility for the company to adopt a resolution regarding a cash issue or set-off issue without regard to shareholders' pre-emption rights.The provisions above regarding shareholders' pre-emption rights shall apply mutatis mutandis to an issue of warrants or an issue of convertible instruments.Where the company resolves to issue only one class of shares by way of a cash issue or set-off issue  all of the shareholders  irrespective of the class of share  shall hold pre-emption rights to subscribe for new shares pro rata to the number of shares previously owned.In the event of a bonus issue  new shares of each class shall be issued pro rata to the number of shares of the same class previously issued. In connection therewith  the owners of existing shares of a certain class shall entitle the holder to new shares of the same class. This shall not entail any restrictions on the possibility of issuing new shares of a new class by means of a bonus issue  following the required amendment to the articles of association.Reduction of share capital  which in any case shall not fall below the minimum share capital  may  upon the request of an owner of C-shares and a resolution by the company's Board of Directors or the general meeting  take place through redemption of C-shares. A request from a shareholder shall be made in writing. When a resolution on reduction has been passed  an amount corresponding to the reduction amount shall be transferred to the company's reserve fund  if required funds are available. The redemption amount per C- share shall correspond to the quota value of such share.Following notice of the redemption resolution  holders of shares shall promptly receive payment for the shares  or  if authorization from the Swedish Companies Registration Office (Sw. Bolagsverket) or a court is required  following notice that the final decision has been registered. 5 § (New section inserted) 5 § Conversion clauseC-shares held by the company may  upon decision of the board of directors be reclassified into ordinary shares. Immediately thereafter  the board of directors shall register the reclassification to the Swedish Companies Registration Office. The reclassification is effected when it has been registered and the reclassification been reflected in the central securities depository register.The Board of Directors proposes that the CEO shall be authorized to make the minor adjustments to this resolution that may be necessary in connection with their registration.16b - Authorize the Board of Directors to resolve on issue of new C-sharesThe Board of Directors proposes that the annual general meeting resolves to authorize the Board of Directors  during the period until the annual general meeting 2023 on one or more occasions  to increase the company's share capital by not more than SEK 236 321 by the issue of not more than 5 908 019 C-shares  each with a quota value of SEK 0.04. With deviation from the shareholders' pre-emption rights  the participating bank shall be entitled to subscribe for the new C-shares at a subscription price corresponding to the quota value of the shares.The purpose of the authorization and the reason for the deviation from the shareholders' pre-emption rights in connection with the issue of shares is to ensure delivery of shares to be sold under the company's ATM Program.16c - Authorize the Board of Directors to resolve on purchase of C-sharesThe Board of Directors proposes that the Board is authorized  during the period until the annual general meeting 2023  on one or more occasions  to decide on purchases of up to 5 908 019 C-shares in accordance with purchase offerings directed to all shareholders of C-shares which shall comprise all outstanding C-shares. Repurchases shall be effected at a purchase price corresponding to the quota value of the share. Payment for the acquired C-shares shall be made in cash. The company may purchase maximum so many shares that the company's holding of own shares after the purchase amounts to a maximum of one-tenth of all the shares in the company.The purpose of the authorization is to ensure delivery of shares to be sold under the company's ATM Program.16d - Authorize the Board of Directors to resolve on transfer of own ordinary sharesThe Board of Directors proposes that the Board of Directors is authorized  during the period until the next annual general meeting  on one or more occasions  to transfer up to 5 908 019 ordinary shares (following the re-classification from C-shares)  to be effected outside Nasdaq Stockholm against payment in cash. Such transfers may be effected at a price in cash which corresponds to the market price at the time of the transfer of the Calliditas Therapeutics shares transferred with such deviation as the Board of Directors finds appropriate. The authorization under this item may only be utilized to the extent that the shares transferred by virtue of this authorization  together with any shares issued by virtue of the authorization under item 15 above  do not exceed 20 percent of the total number of shares outstanding at the time of the general meeting's resolution on the proposed authorization.The purpose of the authorization is to ensure delivery of shares to be sold under the company's ATM Program.Item 17 – Resolution  in order to adopt a long-term performance-based incentive program for members of the Board of Directors  on:The nomination committee proposes that the annual general meeting resolves to implement a long-term performance-based incentive program for members of the Board of Directors of Calliditas Therapeutics AB (""Board LTIP 2022"") in accordance with items 17a – 17b below. The resolutions under items 17a – 17b below are proposed to be conditional upon each other. Should the majority requirement for item 17b below not be met  the nomination committee proposes that Calliditas Therapeutics shall be able to enter into an equity swap agreement with a third party in accordance with item 17c below and resolutions under items 17a and 17c shall then be conditional upon each other.Board LTIP 2022 is a program under which the participants will be granted  free of charge  share awards subject to performance vesting (""Share Awards"") that entitle to shares in Calliditas Therapeutics to be calculated in accordance with the principles stipulated below  however not more than 50 000 shares. As part of the implementation of Board LTIP 2022  not more than 50 000 warrants can be issued in accordance with item 17b below.17a - Adoption of a long-term performance-based incentive program for members of the Board of DirectorsThe rationale for the proposalBoard LTIP 2022 is intended for main owner independent members of the Board of Directors in Calliditas Therapeutics. The nomination committee believes that an equity-based incentive program is a central part of an attractive and competitive remuneration package in order to attract  retain and motivate internationally competent members of the Board of Directors  and to focus the participants on delivering exceptional performance which contributes to value creation for all shareholders. Board LTIP 2022 is adapted to the current position and needs of Calliditas Therapeutics. The nomination committee is of the opinion that Board LTIP 2022 will increase and strengthen the participants' dedication to Calliditas Therapeutics' operations  improve company loyalty and be beneficial to both the shareholders and Calliditas Therapeutics.Conditions for Share AwardsThe following conditions shall apply for the Share Awards.1. The Share Awards shall be granted free of charge to the participants as soon as practicable after the annual general meeting.2. The Share Awards shall vest gradually over approximately three years  corresponding to three terms up to the date of  whichever is earliest  (i) the annual general meeting 2025 or (ii) 1 July 2025 (the ""Vesting Date"")  where each term equals the period from one annual general meeting up until the day falling immediately prior to the next annual general meeting or the Vesting Date  as applicable (each such period a ""Term""). The Share Awards shall vest with 1/3 at the end of each Term  provided that the participant is still a Board member of Calliditas Therapeutics on the said date. In addition to the vesting conditions just stated  the Share Awards are subject to performance vesting based on the development of the Calliditas Therapeutics share price  in accordance with the vesting conditions below.3. The Share Awards are subject to performance vesting based on the development of the Calliditas Therapeutics share price over the period from the date the Share Awards are allocated (""Grant Date"") up to and including the day before the Vesting Date. The development of the share price will be measured based on the volume-weighted average price of the Calliditas Therapeutics share on Nasdaq Stockholm for the 10 trading days immediately preceding the Grant Date and the 10 trading days immediately preceding the Vesting Date  respectively. In the event Calliditas Therapeutics' share price has increased by more than 60 percent  100 percent of the Share Awards shall vest  and should the share price have increased by 20 percent  33 percent of such Share Awards shall vest. In the event of an increase of the share price of between 20 and 60 percent  vesting of the Share Awards will occur linearly. Should the increase of the share price be less than 20 percent  vesting will not occur at all.4. The earliest point in time at which shares may be obtained from vested Share Awards shall be as soon as possible after the Vesting Date and once an assessment of the performance criteria has been made.5. Each vested Share Award entitles the holder to receive one share in Calliditas Therapeutics without any compensation being payable provided that the holder is still a Board member of Calliditas Therapeutics at the relevant time of vesting with the exception of certain customary ""good leaver""-situations (death and permanent incapacity to complete the assignment due to illness or accident) and this shall also apply during the first year up until the day of the annual general meeting 2023.6. The number of Share Awards will be re-calculated in the event that changes occur in Calliditas Therapeutics' equity capital structure  such as a bonus issue  merger  rights issue  share split or reverse share split  reduction of the share capital or similar measures.7. The Share Awards cannot be transferred and may not be pledged.8. The Share Awards can be granted by the parent company as well as any other company within the Calliditas Therapeutics group.9. In the event of a public take-over offer  asset sale  liquidation  merger or any other such transaction affecting Calliditas Therapeutics  the Share Awards will vest in their entirety upon completion of such transaction.10. The Share Awards shall otherwise be subject to the terms set forth in the separate agreements with the participants and the detailed terms for Board LTIP 2022.AllocationThe number of Share Awards that shall be granted to each participant shall equal the below amount for the respective participant divided by the volume-weighted average price of the Calliditas Therapeutics share on Nasdaq Stockholm for the 10 trading days preceding the Grant Date.The Share Awards under Board LTIP 2022 shall be awarded in accordance with the following:Share Awards calculated based on SEK 1 300 000 to the chairman of the Board of Directors; andShare Awards calculated based on SEK 500 000 to each of Diane Parks   Hilde Furberg   Molly Henderson   Henrik Stenqvist and Elisabeth Björk .In any event  Board LTIP 2022 will comprise a total number of Share Awards which  if all Share Awards are vested in accordance with the vesting conditions above  can entitle to not more than 50 000 shares in Calliditas Therapeutics.Preparation of the proposalBoard LTIP 2022 has been prepared by the nomination committee and has been structured based on an evaluation of prior incentive programs and market practice for comparable European (including Swedish) and American listed companies.DilutionAssuming a volume-weighted average price of the Calliditas Therapeutics share on Nasdaq Stockholm for the 10 trading days preceding the Grant Date of SEK 100.00  Board LTIP 2022 will comprise not more than 38 000 shares in total  which corresponds to a dilution of approximately 0.07 percent on a fully diluted basis. Taking into account also the shares which may be issued pursuant to previously implemented incentive programs in the company  the maximum dilution amounts to 6.2 percent on a fully diluted basis. Taking into account also the shares which may be issued pursuant to previously implemented incentive programs in the company as well as the incentive program for the company's management and key personnel proposed to the annual general meeting 2022  the maximum dilution amounts to 9.4 percent on a fully diluted basis. The dilution is only expected to have a marginal effect on the company's key performance indicator ""Earnings (loss) per share"".Information about Calliditas Therapeutics' existing incentive programs can be found in Calliditas Therapeutics' annual report for 2021  note 10  which is available on the company's website  www.calliditas.se/en/.Scope and costs of the programBoard LTIP 2022 will be accounted for in accordance with ""IFRS 2 – Share-based payments"". IFRS 2 stipulates that the Share Awards shall be expensed as personnel costs over the vesting period and will be accounted for directly against equity. Personnel costs in accordance with IFRS 2 do not affect the company's cash flow. Social security costs will be expensed in the income statement during the vesting period.Assuming a volume-weighted average price of the Calliditas Therapeutics share on Nasdaq Stockholm for the 10 trading days preceding the Grant Date of SEK 100.0  the annual cost for the Board LTIP 2022  according to IFRS 2  is estimated at approximately SEK 0.5 million pre-tax. The estimated IFRS 2 cost has been calculated with a Monte Carlo simulation. The annual cost for social security contributions is estimated at SEK 0.7 million  based on an annual increase in the share price of 20 percent  the aforementioned assumptions and a social security tax rate of 31.42 percent. The total annual cost for Board LTIP 2022 during the term of the program  including costs according to IFRS 2 and social security charges  is therefore estimated to approximately SEK 1.2 million.The total cost of the Board LTIP 2022  including all costs referred to above and social security charges  is estimated to amount to approximately SEK 3.7 million under the above assumptions.Delivery of shares under Board LTIP 2022In order to ensure the delivery of shares under Board LTIP 2022  the nomination committee proposes that the annual general meeting resolves to issue warrants in accordance with item 17b below.17b –Issue of warrantsIn order to ensure the delivery of shares under Board LTIP 2022  the nomination committee proposes that the annual general meeting resolves to issue not more than 50 000 warrants  whereby the company's share capital can increase by not more than SEK 2 000 in accordance with the following:1. The right to subscribe for the warrants shall  with deviation from the shareholders' pre-emptive rights  only vest with Nefecon AB  a wholly owned subsidiary of Calliditas Therapeutics. The reason for the deviation from the shareholders' pre-emptive rights is the implementation of Board LTIP 2022. Nefecon AB shall be entitled to transfer the warrants to participants of Board LTIP 2022  or a financial intermediary in connection with the exercise of Share Awards.2. The warrants shall be issued free of charge and shall be subscribed for on a subscription list no later than 1 July 2022. The Board of Directors may extend the subscription period.3. The detailed terms of the warrants are set out in the complete proposal which is kept available to the shareholders.4. The exercise price for subscription for shares based on the warrants shall correspond to the share's quota value.5. The CEO shall be authorized to make such minor adjustments that may be necessary in connection with the registration of the new issue.6. Notification of subscription of shares by the exercise of Warrants can be made from and including the day of registration of the Warrants with the Swedish Companies' Office up until and including 31 December 2025.7. Shares which are issued following subscription shall entitle to participation in the distribution of profits for the first time on the nearest record date occurring after the subscription has been exercised.17c – Equity swap agreement with a third partyShould the majority requirement for item 17b above not be met  the nomination committee proposes that the annual general meeting resolves that Board LTIP 2022 shall instead be hedged so that Calliditas Therapeutics can enter into an equity swap agreement with a third party on terms in accordance with market practice  whereby the third party in its own name shall be entitled to acquire and transfer shares of Calliditas Therapeutics to the participants.Item 18 – Resolution  in order to adopt a long-term incentive program for the company's management and key personnel  on:The Board of Directors of Calliditas Therapeutics proposes the introduction of a long-term incentive program for the company's management and key personnel (including employees and consultants) in accordance with the following.The Board of Directors proposes that the annual general meeting resolves to implement a long-term incentive program for management and key personnel (including employees and consultants) in Calliditas Therapeutics (""ESOP 2022"") in accordance with items 18a – 18b below.The resolutions under items 18a – 18b below are proposed to be conditional upon each other. Should the majority requirement for item 18b below not be met  the Board of Directors proposes that Calliditas Therapeutics shall be able to enter into an equity swap agreement with a third party in accordance with item 18c below and resolutions under items 18a and 18c shall then be conditional upon each other.ESOP 2022 is a program under which the participants will be granted  free of charge  stock options to acquire shares in Calliditas Therapeutics (""Options"")  subject to vesting over a three-year period in accordance with the below. The Board of Directors proposes that a maximum of 2 000 000 Options are allocated to the participants.18a – Adoption of a long-term incentive program for the company's management and key personnelThe rationale for the proposalESOP 2022 is intended for members of management and key personnel (including employees and consultants) in Calliditas Therapeutics. The Board of Directors of Calliditas Therapeutics believes that an equity-based incentive program in the form of stock options is a central part of an attractive and competitive remuneration package in order to attract  retain and motivate competent members of management and key personnel (including employees and consultants) in Calliditas Therapeutics  and to focus the participants on delivering exceptional performance which contributes to value creation for all shareholders.The proposed program is key for the company's ability to attract  retain and motivate competent key persons in the United States as well as in Europe in the company's operations and commercial functions scaling up the market launch of TARPEYO in the United States and the development of the company's pipeline assets. During the fourth quarter of 2021  the company received accelerated approval in the United States and currently the company are launching TARPEYO in the United States. When recruiting experienced commercial personnel in the United States and other key employees in the United States and Europe it will be important for Calliditas Therapeutics to be able to offer attractive compensation terms. A competitive equity-based incentive program will be a key component in order to be able to attract and retain highly skilled and experienced individuals as Calliditas Therapeutics launches TARPEYO in the United States.The Board of Directors of Calliditas Therapeutics believes that ESOP 2022 will fortify the alignment of the interests of the participants and the interests of the shareholders. ESOP 2022 is adapted to the current position and needs of Calliditas Therapeutics. The Board of Directors is of the opinion that ESOP 2022 will increase and strengthen the participants' dedication to Calliditas Therapeutics' operations  improve company loyalty and that ESOP 2022 will be beneficial to both the shareholders and Calliditas Therapeutics.Conditions for OptionsThe following conditions shall apply for the Options.The Options shall be granted free of charge to the participants.The Board of Directors shall resolve upon the allocation of Options between the date of the annual general meeting 2022 and the date of the annual general meeting 2023 (with each respective granting falling on a "" Grant Date "").Each Option entitles the holder to acquire one share in Calliditas Therapeutics for a pre-determined exercise price. The exercise price will correspond to 115 percent of the volume weighted average price of the Calliditas Therapeutics share on Nasdaq Stockholm during the ten trading days preceding the Grant Date.The Options shall vest over a three-year period  with 20 percent on the first anniversary of the Grant Date  with an annual vesting of 40 percent during the second year after the Grant Date  and with an annual vesting of 40 percent during the third year after the Grant Date  and thereafter be exercisable  provided that the holder  with certain exceptions  still is employed by Calliditas Therapeutics (or  in the case of consultants  still provides services to Calliditas Therapeutics).Following the expiry of the vesting period  the Options may be exercised during a one-year period.The number of Options shall be subject to customary re-calculation  for example in the event that changes occur in Calliditas Therapeutics' equity capital structure  such as a bonus issue  merger  rights issue  share split or reverse share split  reduction of the share capital or similar measures.The Options are non-transferable and may not be pledged.The Options may be granted by the parent company as well as any other company within the Calliditas Therapeutics group.In the event of a public take-over offer  significant asset sale  liquidation  merger or any other such transaction affecting Calliditas Therapeutics  the Options will vest in their entirety following the completion of a change of control.AllocationThe right to receive Options shall accrue to up to 100 employees or consultants of the company. The Board of Directors may grant Options  on one or several occasions  between the date of the annual general meeting 2022 and the date of the annual general meeting 2023. The maximum number of Options that may be allocated to the participants under ESOP 2022 is 2 000 000.The maximum allocation per individual in each category shall be 300 000 Options for Category 1 (CEO)  250 000 Options for Category 2 (Management) and 100 000 Options for Category 3 (Other key personnel and consultants).Preparation  administration and the right to amend the terms of the OptionsThe Board of Directors is responsible for preparing the detailed terms and conditions of ESOP 2022  in accordance with the above-mentioned terms and guidelines. To this end  the Board of Directors shall be entitled to make adjustments to meet foreign regulations or market conditions  including resolving on cash or other settlement if deemed favorable for Calliditas Therapeutics based on foreign tax regulations. The Board of Directors may also make other adjustments if significant changes in Calliditas Therapeutics or its environment would result in a situation where the adopted terms and conditions of ESOP 2022 no longer serve their purpose.Preparation of the proposalESOP 2022 has been initiated by the Board of Directors of Calliditas Therapeutics and has been structured based on an evaluation of prior incentive programs and market practice for comparable European (including Swedish) and American listed companies. ESOP 2022 has been prepared by the Remuneration Committee and reviewed by the Board of Directors.DilutionSubject to certain recalculation conditions  the maximum number of shares that may be issued under ESOP 2022 is 2 000 000 which corresponds to a dilution of approximately 3.6 percent on a fully diluted basis. Taking into account also the shares which may be issued pursuant to already allocated warrants under the company's outstanding incentive programs  the maximum dilution amounts to approximately 9.4 percent on a fully diluted basis.The dilution is expected to have a marginal effect on the company's key performance indicator ""Earnings (loss) per share"".Information about Calliditas Therapeutics' existing incentive programs can be found on Calliditas Therapeutics' website  www.calliditas.se/en/  under ""Remuneration"" as well as in the company's annual report.Scope and costs of the programESOP 2022 will be accounted for in accordance with ""IFRS 2 – Share-based payments"". IFRS 2 stipulates that the Options shall be expensed as personnel costs over the vesting period. Personnel costs in accordance with IFRS 2 do not affect the company's cash flow. Social security costs will be expensed in the income statement according to UFR 7 during the vesting period.Assuming a share price at the time of allocation of Options of SEK 100.0  an annual increase in the share price of 15 percent and that all Options are allocated up-front under the assumptions set out under ""Dilution"" above  the average annual cost for Calliditas Therapeutics according to IFRS 2 is estimated to approximately SEK 16.2 million per year before tax. The average annual social security costs over the vesting period are estimated to approximately a total of SEK 10.9 million  based on the above assumptions  that all Options are fully vested  a vesting period for all Options of three years and social security costs of 31.42 percent. It is envisaged that the social security costs associated with ESOP 2022 will be covered by the cash received from the participants at exercise of Options. If necessary  social security costs will be covered by hedging measures through the issue of warrants (see item 18b below) which would be exercised by a financial intermediary in connection with the exercise of the Options. In either case  the social security costs associated with ESOP 2022 will be fully covered and will hence not affect the company's cash flow.The total cost of ESOP 2022  including all social security costs  is estimated to amount to approximately SEK 81.3 million under the above assumptions.The costs associated with ESOP 2022 are expected to have a marginal effect on the company's key performance indicator ""Expenses relating to R&D/operating expenses"".Delivery of shares under ESOP 2022In order to ensure the delivery of shares under ESOP 2022 and if necessary for hedging of social security costs  the Board of Directors proposes that the annual general meeting resolves to issue and use warrants in accordance with item 18b below.18b –Issue of warrantsIn order to ensure the delivery of shares under ESOP 2022  and for hedging of social security costs  the Board of Directors proposes that the annual general meeting resolves to issue not more than 2 000 000 warrants  whereby the company's share capital could be increased by not more than SEK 80 000.The right to subscribe for the warrants shall  with deviation from the shareholders' pre-emptive rights  only be granted Nefecon AB  a wholly owned subsidiary of Calliditas Therapeutics. The reason for the deviation from the shareholders' pre-emptive rights is the implementation of ESOP 2022. Nefecon AB shall be entitled to transfer the warrants to participants or a financial intermediary in connection with exercise.The warrants shall be issued free of charge. The exercise price for subscription for shares based on the warrants shall correspond to the share's quota value.The full terms and conditions for the warrants are presented in the complete proposal which is kept available to the shareholders in accordance with the below.18c – Equity swap agreement with a third partyShould the majority requirement for item 18b above not be met  the Board of Directors proposes that the annual general meeting resolves that ESOP 2022 instead shall be hedged through an equity swap agreement with a third party on terms in accordance with market practice  whereby the third party in its own name shall be entitled to acquire and transfer shares of Calliditas Therapeutics to the participants.Majority rulesThe implementation of the Board of Directors' proposals under item 15 and items 16a – 16d are subject to the approval at the annual general meeting with at least two thirds (2/3) of both the votes cast and of the shares represented at the meeting. Resolution in accordance with item 17b and 18b above requires approval of at least nine tenths (9/10) of the shares represented and votes cast at the annual general meeting.Other informationThe annual report and the auditor's report for the financial year 2021  proxy form and advance voting form  the remuneration report and other supporting documents for the general meeting  including complete proposals and statements from the Board of Directors  as well as the statement from the auditor pursuant to Chapter 8  Section 54 of the Companies Act will be available to the shareholders at the company's office on Kungsbron 1 D5  SE-111 22 Stockholm  Sweden  and on the company's webpage  www.calliditas.se/en/  no later than 28 April 2022. In connection with the publication of the notice  the nomination committee's proposal and motivated statement will be available on the address stated above as well as on the website stated above. Copies of the documents will be sent to the shareholders who so request and who inform the company of their postal address.Processing of personal dataFor information on how your personal data is processed  please see the integrity policy that is available at Euroclear's website  https://www.euroclear.com/dam/ESwithLegal/Privacy-notice-bolagsstammor-engelska.pdf.Stockholm  April 2022Calliditas Therapeutics AB (publ)The Board of DirectorsThis is an in-house translation of the Swedish original wording. In case of discrepancies between the English translation and the Swedish original  the Swedish text shall prevail.For further information  please contact:Mikael Widell  Investor relationsEmail: mikael.widell@calliditas.comTelephone: +46 703 11 99 60The information was submitted for publication  through the agency of the contact person set out above  at 08:30 am CEST on April 14  2022.DisclaimerNothing in this notice shall constitute an offer to sell nor a solicitation of an offer to buy any securities  nor shall there be any sale of any securities described herein in any state or jurisdiction in which such an offer  solicitation or sale would be unlawful prior to registration or qualification under the securities laws of any such state or jurisdictionAbout CalliditasCalliditas Therapeutics is a commercial stage biopharma company based in Stockholm  Sweden focused on identifying  developing and commercializing novel treatments in orphan indications  with an initial focus on renal and hepatic diseases with significant unmet medical needs. Calliditas' lead product  TARPEYOTM (budesonide) delayed release capsules  has been approved by the FDA and is the subject of a marketing authorization application (MAA) with the European Medicines Agency (EMA). Additionally  Calliditas is conducting a pivotal clinical trial with its NOX inhibitor product candidate setanaxib in primary biliary cholangitis and is initiating a head and neck cancer Phase 2 trial with setanaxib. Calliditas' common shares are listed on Nasdaq Stockholm (ticker: CALTX) and its American Depositary Shares are listed on the Nasdaq Global Select Market (ticker: CALT).This information was brought to you by Cision http://news.cision.comThe following files are available for download:View original content:SOURCE Calliditas Therapeutics",neutral,0.02,0.96,0.03,negative,0.02,0.22,0.76,True,English,"['annual general meeting', 'Calliditas Therapeutics AB', 'Notice', 'Euroclear Sweden AB', 'annual general meeting', 'continued general meeting', 'Group"") financial situation', 'Calliditas Therapeutics AB', 'voting rights registration', 'advance voting form', 'general meetings', 'Such registration', 'postal voting', 'Swedish Act', 'temporary exceptions', 'other associations', 'physical presence', 'third parties', 'significant harm', 'Fredrik Johansson', 'Kungsbron 1 D', 'fredrik.johansson', 'securities institution', 'BankID verification', 'legal entity', 'corresponding document', 'two persons', 'special form', 'Thursday 19 May', 'Wednesday 11 May', 'Wednesday 18 May', 'one tenth', 'share register', 'special instructions', 'Further instructions', 'advance vote', 'one vote', 'Friday 13 May', 'treasury shares', 'votes', '53,172,170 shares', 'STOCKHOLM', 'April', 'PRNewswire', 'shareholders', 'Reg.', 'office', 'reference', 'execution', 'companies', 'Board', 'Directors', 'proxies', 'procedure', 'Information', 'resolutions', 'result', 'matters', 'agenda', 'way', 'place', 'company', 'accordance', 'Section', 'CEO', 'circumstances', 'assessement', 'subsidiaries', 'relation', 'request', 'writing', 'mail', 'Participation', 'notice', 'heading', 'name', 'nominee', 'date', 'website', 'notification', 'GeneralMeetingService', 'publ', 'Box', 'anmalan', 'vpc', 'EuroclearProxy', 'power', 'attorney', 'certificate', 'incorporation', 'conditions', 'entirety', 'questions', 'telephone', 'Monday', 'Number', 'total', 'Election', 'chairman']",2022-04-14,2022-04-15,ky3.com
2902,Euroclear,Google API,https://www.prnewswire.co.uk/news-releases/notice-of-annual-general-meeting-of-calliditas-therapeutics-ab-publ--821370175.html,Notice of annual general meeting of Calliditas Therapeutics AB (publ),1 day ago,"STOCKHOLM  April 14  2022 /PRNewswire/ -- The shareholders of Calliditas Therapeutics AB (publ)  Reg. No. 556659-9766  with registered office in Stockholm  are summoned to the annual general meeting on Thursday 19 May 2022.With reference to the Swedish Act (2022:121) on temporary exceptions to facilitate the execution of general meetings in companies and other associations  the Board of Directors has decided that the annual general meeting will be conducted by advance voting only  without physical presence of shareholders  proxies and third parties.Calliditas Therapeutics welcomes all shareholders to exercise their voting rights at the annual general meeting through advance voting according to the procedure set out below. Information on the resolutions passed at the annual general meeting will be published on 19 May 2022  as soon as the result of the voting has been finally confirmed.In the advance voting form  the shareholders may request that a resolution on one or several of the matters on the proposed agenda below should be deferred to a so-called continued general meeting  which cannot be conducted solely by way of advance voting. Such continued general meeting shall take place if the annual general meeting so resolves or if shareholders with at least one tenth of all shares in the company so request. The shareholders are reminded of their right to request information in accordance with Section 23 of the Swedish Act (2022:121) on temporary exceptions to facilitate the execution of general meetings in companies and other associations and if the Board of Directors determines it can be done without significant harm to the company  the Board of Directors and the CEO shall provide information on circumstances that may affect the assessement of the company's or its subsidiaries' (together the ""Group"") financial situation and the company's relation to another company within the Group. A request for such information shall be made in writing to Calliditas Therapeutics  att. Fredrik Johansson  Kungsbron 1 D5  SE-111 22 Stockholm  Sweden  or by e-mail to fredrik.johansson@calliditas.com no later than on 9 May 2022.Participation  etc.Shareholders who wish to participate  through advance voting  in the meeting must:be recorded in the share register maintained by Euroclear Sweden AB relating to the circumstances on Wednesday 11 May 2022   and  and give notice of participation by casting their advance votes in accordance with the instructions under the heading ""Advance voting"" below  so that the advance voting form is received by Euroclear Sweden AB no later than on Wednesday 18 May 2022 .Shareholders whose shares are registered in the name of a nominee through a bank or a securities institution must temporarily re-register their shares in their own names to be entitled to participate in the meeting. Such registration  which may be temporary (so-called voting rights registration)  must be duly effected in the share register maintained by Euroclear Sweden AB on Friday 13 May 2022  and the shareholders must therefore advise their nominees well in advance of this date.Advance votingThe shareholders may only exercise their voting rights at the annual general meeting by voting in advance  so-called postal voting  in accordance with Section 22 of the Swedish Act (2022:121) on temporary exceptions to facilitate the execution of general meetings in companies and other associations. A special form shall be used for advance voting. The form is available on the company's website  www.calliditas.se. The advance voting form is considered as the notification of participation.The completed voting form must be received by Euroclear Sweden AB no later than Wednesday 18 May 2022. The form may be submitted via e-mail to GeneralMeetingService@euroclear.com or by post to Calliditas Therapeutics AB (publ)  annual general meeting 2022  c/o Euroclear Sweden  Box 191  SE-101 23 Stockholm. Shareholders may also cast their advance votes electronically through BankID verification via https://anmalan.vpc.se/EuroclearProxy/.If the shareholder votes in advance by proxy  a signed and dated power of attorney shall be enclosed to the form. If the shareholder is a legal entity  a certificate of incorporation or a corresponding document shall be enclosed to the form. The shareholder may not provide special instructions or conditions in the voting form. If so  the vote (i.e. the advance vote in its entirety) is invalid. Further instructions and conditions are included in the form for advance voting.For questions regarding the annual general meeting or to have the advance voting form sent by post  please contact Euroclear Sweden AB  by telephone +46 8 402 91 33 (Monday-Friday 09:00-16:00 CEST).Number of shares and votesAs per the date of this notice there are a total of 53 172 170 shares outstanding in the company that entitle to one vote per share at the general meeting. As per the date of this notice the company holds no treasury shares.Proposed agenda1. Election of a chairman of the meeting2. Election of one or two persons to approve the minutes3. Preparation and approval of the voting register4. Approval of the agenda5. Determination of whether the meeting was duly convened6. Presentation of the annual report and auditor's report and the consolidated financial statements and auditor's report for the Group7. Resolutions regarding:a. Adoption of the income statement and balance sheet and the consolidated income statement and consolidated balance sheet b. Allocation of the company's profit or loss according to the adopted balance sheet  andc. Discharge from liability for board members and the CEO8. Determination of the number of members of the Board of Directors and the number of auditors9. Determination of remuneration for the Board of Directors and the auditors10. Election of the Board of Directors11. Election of chairman of the Board of Directors12. Election of accounting firm or auditors13. Resolution on principles for appointing the nomination committee14. Resolution on approval of the Board of Directors' remuneration report15. Resolution to authorize the Board of Directors to resolve on issue of new shares  warrants and/or convertibles16. Resolutions  in order to facilitate implementation of and delivery of shares under a contemplated At-the-market program (the ""ATM Program"")  to:a. Amend the articles of associationb. Authorize the Board of Directors to resolve on issue of new C-sharesc. Authorize the Board of Directors to resolve on purchase of C-shares  andd. Authorize the Board of Directors to resolve on transfer of own ordinary shares17. Resolution  in order to adopt a long-term performance-based incentive program for members of the Board of Directors  on:a. Adoption of a long-term performance-based incentive program for members of the Board of Directorsb. Issue of warrantsc. Equity swap agreement with a third party18. Resolution  in order to adopt a long-term incentive program for the company's management and key personnel  on:a. Adoption of a long-term incentive program for the company's management and key personnelb. Issue of warrantsc. Equity swap agreement with a third partyItem 1  8-12 – The nomination committee's proposal to the annual general meeting 2022The nomination committee of Calliditas Therapeutics  which consists of Karl Tobieson (Linc AB) (chairman of the nomination committee)  Elmar Schnee (chairman of the Board of Directors)  Patrik Sobocki (Stiftelsen Industrifonden) and Pär Sjögemark (Handelsbanken Fonder) proposes the following:that Dain Hård Nevonen  member of the Swedish Bar Association  shall be appointed chairman at the annual general meeting.that the number of members of the Board of Directors shall be six (6) without deputies.that the number of auditors shall be one (1) without deputiesthat the directors' fee shall be paid with SEK 900 000 (850 000) to the chairman of the Board of Directors and SEK 350 000 (300 000) to each one of the other members who are not employed in the Group  SEK 200 000 (150 000) to the chairman of the audit committee and SEK 100 000 (75 000) to the other members of the audit committee who are not employed in the Group as well as SEK 50 000 (50 000) to the chairman of the remuneration committee and SEK 25 000 (25 000) to the other members of the remuneration committee who are not employed in the Group. In addition to the above-proposed remuneration for ordinary board work  it is proposed that board members residing in the United States shall receive an additional amount of SEK 140 000 (140 000) and that board members residing in Europe   but outside the Nordics  shall receive an additional amount of SEK 50 000 (50 000).shall receive an additional amount of SEK 140 000 (140 000) and that board members residing in   but outside the Nordics  shall receive an additional amount of SEK 50 000 (50 000). that the fee to the auditor shall be paid in accordance with approved statement of costs.that the board members Elmar Schnee   Hilde Furberg   Diane Parks and Molly Henderson are re-elected as board members and that Henrik Stenqvist and Elisabeth Björk are elected as new board members  for the period up until the end of the next annual general meeting. Lennart Hansson has declined re-election.Information on the proposed new board membersHenrik Stenqvist  born in 1968. Henriks Stenqvist holds a degree in Finance and Business Administration from University of Linköping. Henrik has served as CFO of several listed life science companies and currently  he is the CFO of SOBI. Previous positions include CFO at Recipharm  CFO at Meda  Regional Finance Director at AstraZeneca  Finance Director at Astra Export & Trading and Board member of MedCap AB. Henrik Stenqvist holds 2 500 shares in Calliditas Therapeutics and is considered to be independent of Calliditas Therapeutics and its management as well as of Calliditas Therapeutics' larger shareholders.Elisabeth Björk  born in 1961. Elisabeth Björk is an endocrinologist by training and an associate professor of medicine at Uppsala University  Sweden. Elisabeth Bjӧrk is the Senior Vice President  Head of Late-stage Development  Cardiovascular  Renal and Metabolism (CVRM)  BioPharmaceuticals R&D at AstraZeneca leading the global development of medicines within this area. Throughout her career at AstraZeneca  she has gained broad drug development experience covering clinical development phase I-IV  large outcomes programs  major global filings and health authority interactions (FDA  EMA  Japan) and commercial strategy/implementation. Elisabeth Björk holds no shares in Calliditas Therapeutics and is considered to be independent of Calliditas Therapeutics and its management as well as of Calliditas Therapeutics' larger shareholders.that Elmar Schnee is re-elected chairman of the Board of Directors.is re-elected chairman of the Board of Directors. that Ernst & Young AB is re-elected  in accordance with the audit committee's recommendation. Should Ernst & Young AB be re-elected  the nomination committee notes that Ernst & Young AB has communicated that Anna Svanberg will be re-elected as the auditor in charge.will be re-elected as the auditor in charge. that the principles for appointing the nomination committee are left unchanged from the previous year.A presentation of the individuals proposed for re­election is available at www.calliditas.se/en/.Item 2 – Election of one or two persons to approve the minutesThe Board of Directors proposes that Patrik Sobocki (Stiftelsen Industrifonden) and Karl Tobieson (Linc AB)  or if one or both of them have an impediment to attend  the person or persons instead appointed by the Board of Directors  are elected to approve the minutes of the annual general meeting together with the chairman. The task of approving the minutes of the annual general meeting also includes verifying the voting register and that the advance votes received are correctly stated in the minutes of the annual general meeting.Item 3 – Preparation and approval of the voting registerThe voting register proposed for approval is the voting register drawn up by Euroclear Sweden AB on behalf of Calliditas Therapeutics  based on the annual general meeting's share register and advance votes received  as verified and recommended by the persons approving the minutes.Item 7b – Allocation of the company's profit or loss according to the adopted balance sheetThe Board of Directors proposes that no dividends shall be paid for the financial year 2021 and that that SEK 1 203 117 thousand is carried forward.Item 13 – Resolution on principles for appointing the nomination committeeThe nomination committee proposes that the annual general meeting resolves that the principles for appointing the nomination committee shall be left unchanged from the previous year  in accordance with the below.The nomination committee shall be composed of the chairman of the Board of Directors together with one representative of each of the three largest shareholders  based on ownership in the company as of the expiry of the third quarter of the financial year. Should any of the three largest shareholders renounce its right to appoint one representative to the nomination committee  such right shall transfer to the shareholder who then in turn  after these three  is the largest shareholder in the company. The Board of Directors shall convene the nomination committee. The member representing the largest shareholder shall be appointed chairman of the nomination committee  unless the nomination committee unanimously appoints someone else.Should a shareholder having appointed a representative to the nomination committee no longer be among the three largest shareholders at a point in time falling three months before the annual general meeting at the latest  the representative appointed by such shareholder shall resign and the shareholder who is then among the three largest shareholders shall have the right to appoint one representative to the nomination committee. Unless there are specific reasons otherwise  the already established composition of the nomination committee shall  however  remain unchanged in case such change in the ownership is only marginal or occurs during the three month period prior to the annual general meeting. Where a shareholder has become one of the three largest shareholders due to a material change in the ownership at a point in time falling later than three months before the annual general meeting  such shareholder shall however in any event have the right to take part of the work of the nomination committee and participate in its meetings. Should a member resign from the nomination committee before his or her work is completed  the shareholder who has appointed such member shall appoint a new member  unless that shareholder is no longer one of the three largest shareholders  in which case the largest shareholder in turn shall appoint the substitute member. A shareholder who has appointed a representative to the nomination committee shall have the right to discharge such representative and appoint a new representative.Changes to the composition of the nomination committee shall be announced immediately. The term of office for the nomination committee ends when the next nomination committee has been appointed. The nomination committee shall carry out its duties as set out in the Swedish Code of Corporate Governance.Item 14 – Resolution on approval of the Board of Directors' remuneration reportThe Board of Directors proposes that the annual general meeting resolves to approve the remuneration report on remunerations according to Chapter 8  section 53 a of the Swedish Companies Act (2005:551) (the ""Companies Act"").Item 15 – Resolution to authorize the Board of Directors to resolve on issue of new shares  warrants and/or convertiblesThe Board of Directors proposes that the annual general meeting resolves to authorize the Board of Directors to  at one or several occasions and for the period up until the next annual general meeting  increase the company's share capital by issuing new shares  warrants and/or convertibles. Such share issue resolution may be carried out with or without deviation from the shareholders' preferential rights and with or without provisions for contribution in kind  set-off or other conditions. The authorization may only be utilized to such extent that the number of shares issued under the authorization  or the number of shares created in connection with exercise of warrants or conversion of convertibles  corresponds to a dilution of not more than 15 percent of the total number of shares outstanding at the time of the general meeting's resolution on adoption of the proposed authorization  reduced with the number of shares transferred to ensure delivery of shares under the company's ATM Program in accordance with item 16d below.The purpose of the authorization is to increase the financial flexibility of the company and the general flexibility of the Board of Directors. Should the Board of Directors resolve on an issue with deviation from the shareholders' preferential rights  the reason for this shall be to finance an acquisition of operations  to procure capital to finance the development of projects or to commercialize the company' s products. Upon such deviation from the shareholders' preferential rights  the new issue shall be made at market terms and conditions.The CEO shall be authorized to make such minor adjustments to this resolution that may be necessary in connection with the registration.Item 16 – Resolution  in order to facilitate implementation of and delivery of shares under a contemplated ""At-the-market"" program (the ""ATM Program"")  to:Since 2020  Calliditas has had its shares  in the form of American Depositary Shares (""ADSs"")  listed in the United States on The Nasdaq Global Select Market. Calliditas' board of directors has been evaluating the opportunity of launching a so called At-The-Market program (""ATM Program"") in the US market. ATM Programs are common among many US listed companies  including Life Science companies. Approximately 70 percent of eligible Life Science Companies in the United States have ATM Programs in place. The board of directors of Calliditas is thus proposing to the shareholders to adopt resolutions to allow for an ATM Program as set out below in this agenda item 16  subject to AGM approval and further resolutions by the board before implementation of the program  however  no assurances can be given that a program will be utilized and the future use of an ATM Program will be evaluated by the Board of Directors taking other potential sources of financing  capital need and shareholder dilution into consideration.An ATM Program is an efficient and cost-effective method to raise equity in the US market  from time to time  and with significantly lower transactional costs compared to traditional capital raising alternatives. Sales are effected in ""at the market"" transactions of ADSs on The Nasdaq Global Select Market and/or negotiated transactions in the US subject to applicable US regulations and documentation. Having an ATM Program in place is expected to enable Calliditas to efficiently source capital in the US market  subject to demand and board approval. An ATM Program may also be used to settle reverse enquiries from institutional buyers. An ATM Program  if used  may also increase the liquidity of Calliditas' ADSs in the United States.16a - Amend the articles of associationThe Board of Directors proposes that the annual general meeting resolves to amend the articles of association as follows.A new section  § 5  together with an updated wording of § 4  is proposed in the articles of association. The new § 5  together with the amended § 4  allows for C-shares to be issued  conversion of C-shares into ordinary shares  redemption and regulates preferential rights.Following the insertion of a new section  a renumbering of sections is proposed  whereby the previous § 5 becomes § 6 and so on.Current wording Poposed wording 4 § Share capital and number of shares The share capital shall be not less than SEK 710 000 and not more than SEK 2 840 000. The number of shares shall be not less than 17 750 000 and not more than 71 000 000. 4 § Share capital and number of sharesThe share capital shall be not less than SEK 710 000 and not more than SEK 2 840 000. The number of shares shall be not less than 17 750 000 and not more than 71 000 000.The shares shall be issued in two classes  ordinary shares and C-shares. Ordinary shares shall entitle the holder to one (1) vote per share  whereas C-shares shall entitle the holder to one tenth (1/10) vote per share. Shares of each class may be issued in a quantity corresponding to the entire share capital of the company. Holders of C-shares are not entitled to dividends. Upon the company's liquidation  C-shares carry equivalent right to the company's assets as other shares  however not to an amount exceeding the quota value of the share.Where the company resolves to issue new shares by way of a cash issue or a set-off issue  one old share shall entitle the holder to pre-emption rights to one new share of the same class pro rata to the number of shares previously owned by the holder (primary pre-emption rights). Shares that are not subscribed for pursuant to primary pre-emption rights shall be offered to all shareholders for subscription (subsidiary pre-emption rights). Unless shares offered in such manner are sufficient for the subscription which takes place pursuant to subsidiary pre-emption rights  the shares shall be allotted among the subscribers pro rata to the total number of shares previously owned. Where this is not possible with respect to a particular share(s)  shares shall be allotted through drawing of lots.The provisions above shall not entail any restrictions on the possibility for the company to adopt a resolution regarding a cash issue or set-off issue without regard to shareholders' pre-emption rights.The provisions above regarding shareholders' pre-emption rights shall apply mutatis mutandis to an issue of warrants or an issue of convertible instruments.Where the company resolves to issue only one class of shares by way of a cash issue or set-off issue  all of the shareholders  irrespective of the class of share  shall hold pre-emption rights to subscribe for new shares pro rata to the number of shares previously owned.In the event of a bonus issue  new shares of each class shall be issued pro rata to the number of shares of the same class previously issued. In connection therewith  the owners of existing shares of a certain class shall entitle the holder to new shares of the same class. This shall not entail any restrictions on the possibility of issuing new shares of a new class by means of a bonus issue  following the required amendment to the articles of association.Reduction of share capital  which in any case shall not fall below the minimum share capital  may  upon the request of an owner of C-shares and a resolution by the company's Board of Directors or the general meeting  take place through redemption of C-shares. A request from a shareholder shall be made in writing. When a resolution on reduction has been passed  an amount corresponding to the reduction amount shall be transferred to the company's reserve fund  if required funds are available. The redemption amount per C- share shall correspond to the quota value of such share.Following notice of the redemption resolution  holders of shares shall promptly receive payment for the shares  or  if authorization from the Swedish Companies Registration Office (Sw. Bolagsverket) or a court is required  following notice that the final decision has been registered. 5 § (New section inserted) 5 § Conversion clauseC-shares held by the company may  upon decision of the board of directors be reclassified into ordinary shares. Immediately thereafter  the board of directors shall register the reclassification to the Swedish Companies Registration Office. The reclassification is effected when it has been registered and the reclassification been reflected in the central securities depository register.The Board of Directors proposes that the CEO shall be authorized to make the minor adjustments to this resolution that may be necessary in connection with their registration.16b - Authorize the Board of Directors to resolve on issue of new C-sharesThe Board of Directors proposes that the annual general meeting resolves to authorize the Board of Directors  during the period until the annual general meeting 2023 on one or more occasions  to increase the company's share capital by not more than SEK 236 321 by the issue of not more than 5 908 019 C-shares  each with a quota value of SEK 0.04. With deviation from the shareholders' pre-emption rights  the participating bank shall be entitled to subscribe for the new C-shares at a subscription price corresponding to the quota value of the shares.The purpose of the authorization and the reason for the deviation from the shareholders' pre-emption rights in connection with the issue of shares is to ensure delivery of shares to be sold under the company's ATM Program.16c - Authorize the Board of Directors to resolve on purchase of C-sharesThe Board of Directors proposes that the Board is authorized  during the period until the annual general meeting 2023  on one or more occasions  to decide on purchases of up to 5 908 019 C-shares in accordance with purchase offerings directed to all shareholders of C-shares which shall comprise all outstanding C-shares. Repurchases shall be effected at a purchase price corresponding to the quota value of the share. Payment for the acquired C-shares shall be made in cash. The company may purchase maximum so many shares that the company's holding of own shares after the purchase amounts to a maximum of one-tenth of all the shares in the company.The purpose of the authorization is to ensure delivery of shares to be sold under the company's ATM Program.16d - Authorize the Board of Directors to resolve on transfer of own ordinary sharesThe Board of Directors proposes that the Board of Directors is authorized  during the period until the next annual general meeting  on one or more occasions  to transfer up to 5 908 019 ordinary shares (following the re-classification from C-shares)  to be effected outside Nasdaq Stockholm against payment in cash. Such transfers may be effected at a price in cash which corresponds to the market price at the time of the transfer of the Calliditas Therapeutics shares transferred with such deviation as the Board of Directors finds appropriate. The authorization under this item may only be utilized to the extent that the shares transferred by virtue of this authorization  together with any shares issued by virtue of the authorization under item 15 above  do not exceed 20 percent of the total number of shares outstanding at the time of the general meeting's resolution on the proposed authorization.The purpose of the authorization is to ensure delivery of shares to be sold under the company's ATM Program.Item 17 – Resolution  in order to adopt a long-term performance-based incentive program for members of the Board of Directors  on:The nomination committee proposes that the annual general meeting resolves to implement a long-term performance-based incentive program for members of the Board of Directors of Calliditas Therapeutics AB (""Board LTIP 2022"") in accordance with items 17a – 17b below. The resolutions under items 17a – 17b below are proposed to be conditional upon each other. Should the majority requirement for item 17b below not be met  the nomination committee proposes that Calliditas Therapeutics shall be able to enter into an equity swap agreement with a third party in accordance with item 17c below and resolutions under items 17a and 17c shall then be conditional upon each other.Board LTIP 2022 is a program under which the participants will be granted  free of charge  share awards subject to performance vesting (""Share Awards"") that entitle to shares in Calliditas Therapeutics to be calculated in accordance with the principles stipulated below  however not more than 50 000 shares. As part of the implementation of Board LTIP 2022  not more than 50 000 warrants can be issued in accordance with item 17b below.17a - Adoption of a long-term performance-based incentive program for members of the Board of DirectorsThe rationale for the proposalBoard LTIP 2022 is intended for main owner independent members of the Board of Directors in Calliditas Therapeutics. The nomination committee believes that an equity-based incentive program is a central part of an attractive and competitive remuneration package in order to attract  retain and motivate internationally competent members of the Board of Directors  and to focus the participants on delivering exceptional performance which contributes to value creation for all shareholders. Board LTIP 2022 is adapted to the current position and needs of Calliditas Therapeutics. The nomination committee is of the opinion that Board LTIP 2022 will increase and strengthen the participants' dedication to Calliditas Therapeutics' operations  improve company loyalty and be beneficial to both the shareholders and Calliditas Therapeutics.Conditions for Share AwardsThe following conditions shall apply for the Share Awards.1. The Share Awards shall be granted free of charge to the participants as soon as practicable after the annual general meeting.2. The Share Awards shall vest gradually over approximately three years  corresponding to three terms up to the date of  whichever is earliest  (i) the annual general meeting 2025 or (ii) 1 July 2025 (the ""Vesting Date"")  where each term equals the period from one annual general meeting up until the day falling immediately prior to the next annual general meeting or the Vesting Date  as applicable (each such period a ""Term""). The Share Awards shall vest with 1/3 at the end of each Term  provided that the participant is still a Board member of Calliditas Therapeutics on the said date. In addition to the vesting conditions just stated  the Share Awards are subject to performance vesting based on the development of the Calliditas Therapeutics share price  in accordance with the vesting conditions below.3. The Share Awards are subject to performance vesting based on the development of the Calliditas Therapeutics share price over the period from the date the Share Awards are allocated (""Grant Date"") up to and including the day before the Vesting Date. The development of the share price will be measured based on the volume-weighted average price of the Calliditas Therapeutics share on Nasdaq Stockholm for the 10 trading days immediately preceding the Grant Date and the 10 trading days immediately preceding the Vesting Date  respectively. In the event Calliditas Therapeutics' share price has increased by more than 60 percent  100 percent of the Share Awards shall vest  and should the share price have increased by 20 percent  33 percent of such Share Awards shall vest. In the event of an increase of the share price of between 20 and 60 percent  vesting of the Share Awards will occur linearly. Should the increase of the share price be less than 20 percent  vesting will not occur at all.4. The earliest point in time at which shares may be obtained from vested Share Awards shall be as soon as possible after the Vesting Date and once an assessment of the performance criteria has been made.5. Each vested Share Award entitles the holder to receive one share in Calliditas Therapeutics without any compensation being payable provided that the holder is still a Board member of Calliditas Therapeutics at the relevant time of vesting with the exception of certain customary ""good leaver""-situations (death and permanent incapacity to complete the assignment due to illness or accident) and this shall also apply during the first year up until the day of the annual general meeting 2023.6. The number of Share Awards will be re-calculated in the event that changes occur in Calliditas Therapeutics' equity capital structure  such as a bonus issue  merger  rights issue  share split or reverse share split  reduction of the share capital or similar measures.7. The Share Awards cannot be transferred and may not be pledged.8. The Share Awards can be granted by the parent company as well as any other company within the Calliditas Therapeutics group.9. In the event of a public take-over offer  asset sale  liquidation  merger or any other such transaction affecting Calliditas Therapeutics  the Share Awards will vest in their entirety upon completion of such transaction.10. The Share Awards shall otherwise be subject to the terms set forth in the separate agreements with the participants and the detailed terms for Board LTIP 2022.AllocationThe number of Share Awards that shall be granted to each participant shall equal the below amount for the respective participant divided by the volume-weighted average price of the Calliditas Therapeutics share on Nasdaq Stockholm for the 10 trading days preceding the Grant Date.The Share Awards under Board LTIP 2022 shall be awarded in accordance with the following:Share Awards calculated based on SEK 1 300 000 to the chairman of the Board of Directors; andto the chairman of the Board of Directors; and Share Awards calculated based on SEK 500 000 to each of Diane Parks   Hilde Furberg   Molly Henderson   Henrik Stenqvist and Elisabeth Björk.In any event  Board LTIP 2022 will comprise a total number of Share Awards which  if all Share Awards are vested in accordance with the vesting conditions above  can entitle to not more than 50 000 shares in Calliditas Therapeutics.Preparation of the proposalBoard LTIP 2022 has been prepared by the nomination committee and has been structured based on an evaluation of prior incentive programs and market practice for comparable European (including Swedish) and American listed companies.DilutionAssuming a volume-weighted average price of the Calliditas Therapeutics share on Nasdaq Stockholm for the 10 trading days preceding the Grant Date of SEK 100.00  Board LTIP 2022 will comprise not more than 38 000 shares in total  which corresponds to a dilution of approximately 0.07 percent on a fully diluted basis. Taking into account also the shares which may be issued pursuant to previously implemented incentive programs in the company  the maximum dilution amounts to 6.2 percent on a fully diluted basis. Taking into account also the shares which may be issued pursuant to previously implemented incentive programs in the company as well as the incentive program for the company's management and key personnel proposed to the annual general meeting 2022  the maximum dilution amounts to 9.4 percent on a fully diluted basis. The dilution is only expected to have a marginal effect on the company's key performance indicator ""Earnings (loss) per share"".Information about Calliditas Therapeutics' existing incentive programs can be found in Calliditas Therapeutics' annual report for 2021  note 10  which is available on the company's website  www.calliditas.se/en/.Scope and costs of the programBoard LTIP 2022 will be accounted for in accordance with ""IFRS 2 – Share-based payments"". IFRS 2 stipulates that the Share Awards shall be expensed as personnel costs over the vesting period and will be accounted for directly against equity. Personnel costs in accordance with IFRS 2 do not affect the company's cash flow. Social security costs will be expensed in the income statement during the vesting period.Assuming a volume-weighted average price of the Calliditas Therapeutics share on Nasdaq Stockholm for the 10 trading days preceding the Grant Date of SEK 100.0  the annual cost for the Board LTIP 2022  according to IFRS 2  is estimated at approximately SEK 0.5 million pre-tax. The estimated IFRS 2 cost has been calculated with a Monte Carlo simulation. The annual cost for social security contributions is estimated at SEK 0.7 million  based on an annual increase in the share price of 20 percent  the aforementioned assumptions and a social security tax rate of 31.42 percent. The total annual cost for Board LTIP 2022 during the term of the program  including costs according to IFRS 2 and social security charges  is therefore estimated to approximately SEK 1.2 million.The total cost of the Board LTIP 2022  including all costs referred to above and social security charges  is estimated to amount to approximately SEK 3.7 million under the above assumptions.Delivery of shares under Board LTIP 2022In order to ensure the delivery of shares under Board LTIP 2022  the nomination committee proposes that the annual general meeting resolves to issue warrants in accordance with item 17b below.17b –Issue of warrantsIn order to ensure the delivery of shares under Board LTIP 2022  the nomination committee proposes that the annual general meeting resolves to issue not more than 50 000 warrants  whereby the company's share capital can increase by not more than SEK 2 000 in accordance with the following:1. The right to subscribe for the warrants shall  with deviation from the shareholders' pre-emptive rights  only vest with Nefecon AB  a wholly owned subsidiary of Calliditas Therapeutics. The reason for the deviation from the shareholders' pre-emptive rights is the implementation of Board LTIP 2022. Nefecon AB shall be entitled to transfer the warrants to participants of Board LTIP 2022  or a financial intermediary in connection with the exercise of Share Awards.2. The warrants shall be issued free of charge and shall be subscribed for on a subscription list no later than 1 July 2022. The Board of Directors may extend the subscription period.3. The detailed terms of the warrants are set out in the complete proposal which is kept available to the shareholders.4. The exercise price for subscription for shares based on the warrants shall correspond to the share's quota value.5. The CEO shall be authorized to make such minor adjustments that may be necessary in connection with the registration of the new issue.6. Notification of subscription of shares by the exercise of Warrants can be made from and including the day of registration of the Warrants with the Swedish Companies' Office up until and including 31 December 2025.7. Shares which are issued following subscription shall entitle to participation in the distribution of profits for the first time on the nearest record date occurring after the subscription has been exercised.17c – Equity swap agreement with a third partyShould the majority requirement for item 17b above not be met  the nomination committee proposes that the annual general meeting resolves that Board LTIP 2022 shall instead be hedged so that Calliditas Therapeutics can enter into an equity swap agreement with a third party on terms in accordance with market practice  whereby the third party in its own name shall be entitled to acquire and transfer shares of Calliditas Therapeutics to the participants.Item 18 – Resolution  in order to adopt a long-term incentive program for the company's management and key personnel  on:The Board of Directors of Calliditas Therapeutics proposes the introduction of a long-term incentive program for the company's management and key personnel (including employees and consultants) in accordance with the following.The Board of Directors proposes that the annual general meeting resolves to implement a long-term incentive program for management and key personnel (including employees and consultants) in Calliditas Therapeutics (""ESOP 2022"") in accordance with items 18a – 18b below.The resolutions under items 18a – 18b below are proposed to be conditional upon each other. Should the majority requirement for item 18b below not be met  the Board of Directors proposes that Calliditas Therapeutics shall be able to enter into an equity swap agreement with a third party in accordance with item 18c below and resolutions under items 18a and 18c shall then be conditional upon each other.ESOP 2022 is a program under which the participants will be granted  free of charge  stock options to acquire shares in Calliditas Therapeutics (""Options"")  subject to vesting over a three-year period in accordance with the below. The Board of Directors proposes that a maximum of 2 000 000 Options are allocated to the participants.18a – Adoption of a long-term incentive program for the company's management and key personnelThe rationale for the proposalESOP 2022 is intended for members of management and key personnel (including employees and consultants) in Calliditas Therapeutics. The Board of Directors of Calliditas Therapeutics believes that an equity-based incentive program in the form of stock options is a central part of an attractive and competitive remuneration package in order to attract  retain and motivate competent members of management and key personnel (including employees and consultants) in Calliditas Therapeutics  and to focus the participants on delivering exceptional performance which contributes to value creation for all shareholders.The proposed program is key for the company's ability to attract  retain and motivate competent key persons in the United States as well as in Europe in the company's operations and commercial functions scaling up the market launch of TARPEYO in the United States and the development of the company's pipeline assets. During the fourth quarter of 2021  the company received accelerated approval in the United States and currently the company are launching TARPEYO in the United States. When recruiting experienced commercial personnel in the United States and other key employees in the United States and Europe it will be important for Calliditas Therapeutics to be able to offer attractive compensation terms. A competitive equity-based incentive program will be a key component in order to be able to attract and retain highly skilled and experienced individuals as Calliditas Therapeutics launches TARPEYO in the United States.The Board of Directors of Calliditas Therapeutics believes that ESOP 2022 will fortify the alignment of the interests of the participants and the interests of the shareholders. ESOP 2022 is adapted to the current position and needs of Calliditas Therapeutics. The Board of Directors is of the opinion that ESOP 2022 will increase and strengthen the participants' dedication to Calliditas Therapeutics' operations  improve company loyalty and that ESOP 2022 will be beneficial to both the shareholders and Calliditas Therapeutics.Conditions for OptionsThe following conditions shall apply for the Options.The Options shall be granted free of charge to the participants.The Board of Directors shall resolve upon the allocation of Options between the date of the annual general meeting 2022 and the date of the annual general meeting 2023 (with each respective granting falling on a "" Grant Date "").""). Each Option entitles the holder to acquire one share in Calliditas Therapeutics for a pre-determined exercise price. The exercise price will correspond to 115 percent of the volume weighted average price of the Calliditas Therapeutics share on Nasdaq Stockholm during the ten trading days preceding the Grant Date.The Options shall vest over a three-year period  with 20 percent on the first anniversary of the Grant Date  with an annual vesting of 40 percent during the second year after the Grant Date  and with an annual vesting of 40 percent during the third year after the Grant Date  and thereafter be exercisable  provided that the holder  with certain exceptions  still is employed by Calliditas Therapeutics (or  in the case of consultants  still provides services to Calliditas Therapeutics).Following the expiry of the vesting period  the Options may be exercised during a one-year period.The number of Options shall be subject to customary re-calculation  for example in the event that changes occur in Calliditas Therapeutics' equity capital structure  such as a bonus issue  merger  rights issue  share split or reverse share split  reduction of the share capital or similar measures.The Options are non-transferable and may not be pledged.The Options may be granted by the parent company as well as any other company within the Calliditas Therapeutics group.In the event of a public take-over offer  significant asset sale  liquidation  merger or any other such transaction affecting Calliditas Therapeutics  the Options will vest in their entirety following the completion of a change of control.AllocationThe right to receive Options shall accrue to up to 100 employees or consultants of the company. The Board of Directors may grant Options  on one or several occasions  between the date of the annual general meeting 2022 and the date of the annual general meeting 2023. The maximum number of Options that may be allocated to the participants under ESOP 2022 is 2 000 000.The maximum allocation per individual in each category shall be 300 000 Options for Category 1 (CEO)  250 000 Options for Category 2 (Management) and 100 000 Options for Category 3 (Other key personnel and consultants).Preparation  administration and the right to amend the terms of the OptionsThe Board of Directors is responsible for preparing the detailed terms and conditions of ESOP 2022  in accordance with the above-mentioned terms and guidelines. To this end  the Board of Directors shall be entitled to make adjustments to meet foreign regulations or market conditions  including resolving on cash or other settlement if deemed favorable for Calliditas Therapeutics based on foreign tax regulations. The Board of Directors may also make other adjustments if significant changes in Calliditas Therapeutics or its environment would result in a situation where the adopted terms and conditions of ESOP 2022 no longer serve their purpose.Preparation of the proposalESOP 2022 has been initiated by the Board of Directors of Calliditas Therapeutics and has been structured based on an evaluation of prior incentive programs and market practice for comparable European (including Swedish) and American listed companies. ESOP 2022 has been prepared by the Remuneration Committee and reviewed by the Board of Directors.DilutionSubject to certain recalculation conditions  the maximum number of shares that may be issued under ESOP 2022 is 2 000 000 which corresponds to a dilution of approximately 3.6 percent on a fully diluted basis. Taking into account also the shares which may be issued pursuant to already allocated warrants under the company's outstanding incentive programs  the maximum dilution amounts to approximately 9.4 percent on a fully diluted basis.The dilution is expected to have a marginal effect on the company's key performance indicator ""Earnings (loss) per share"".Information about Calliditas Therapeutics' existing incentive programs can be found on Calliditas Therapeutics' website  www.calliditas.se/en/  under ""Remuneration"" as well as in the company's annual report.Scope and costs of the programESOP 2022 will be accounted for in accordance with ""IFRS 2 – Share-based payments"". IFRS 2 stipulates that the Options shall be expensed as personnel costs over the vesting period. Personnel costs in accordance with IFRS 2 do not affect the company's cash flow. Social security costs will be expensed in the income statement according to UFR 7 during the vesting period.Assuming a share price at the time of allocation of Options of SEK 100.0  an annual increase in the share price of 15 percent and that all Options are allocated up-front under the assumptions set out under ""Dilution"" above  the average annual cost for Calliditas Therapeutics according to IFRS 2 is estimated to approximately SEK 16.2 million per year before tax. The average annual social security costs over the vesting period are estimated to approximately a total of SEK 10.9 million  based on the above assumptions  that all Options are fully vested  a vesting period for all Options of three years and social security costs of 31.42 percent. It is envisaged that the social security costs associated with ESOP 2022 will be covered by the cash received from the participants at exercise of Options. If necessary  social security costs will be covered by hedging measures through the issue of warrants (see item 18b below) which would be exercised by a financial intermediary in connection with the exercise of the Options. In either case  the social security costs associated with ESOP 2022 will be fully covered and will hence not affect the company's cash flow.The total cost of ESOP 2022  including all social security costs  is estimated to amount to approximately SEK 81.3 million under the above assumptions.The costs associated with ESOP 2022 are expected to have a marginal effect on the company's key performance indicator ""Expenses relating to R&D/operating expenses"".Delivery of shares under ESOP 2022In order to ensure the delivery of shares under ESOP 2022 and if necessary for hedging of social security costs  the Board of Directors proposes that the annual general meeting resolves to issue and use warrants in accordance with item 18b below.18b –Issue of warrantsIn order to ensure the delivery of shares under ESOP 2022  and for hedging of social security costs  the Board of Directors proposes that the annual general meeting resolves to issue not more than 2 000 000 warrants  whereby the company's share capital could be increased by not more than SEK 80 000.The right to subscribe for the warrants shall  with deviation from the shareholders' pre-emptive rights  only be granted Nefecon AB  a wholly owned subsidiary of Calliditas Therapeutics. The reason for the deviation from the shareholders' pre-emptive rights is the implementation of ESOP 2022. Nefecon AB shall be entitled to transfer the warrants to participants or a financial intermediary in connection with exercise.The warrants shall be issued free of charge. The exercise price for subscription for shares based on the warrants shall correspond to the share's quota value.The full terms and conditions for the warrants are presented in the complete proposal which is kept available to the shareholders in accordance with the below.18c – Equity swap agreement with a third partyShould the majority requirement for item 18b above not be met  the Board of Directors proposes that the annual general meeting resolves that ESOP 2022 instead shall be hedged through an equity swap agreement with a third party on terms in accordance with market practice  whereby the third party in its own name shall be entitled to acquire and transfer shares of Calliditas Therapeutics to the participants.Majority rulesThe implementation of the Board of Directors' proposals under item 15 and items 16a – 16d are subject to the approval at the annual general meeting with at least two thirds (2/3) of both the votes cast and of the shares represented at the meeting. Resolution in accordance with item 17b and 18b above requires approval of at least nine tenths (9/10) of the shares represented and votes cast at the annual general meeting.Other informationThe annual report and the auditor's report for the financial year 2021  proxy form and advance voting form  the remuneration report and other supporting documents for the general meeting  including complete proposals and statements from the Board of Directors  as well as the statement from the auditor pursuant to Chapter 8  Section 54 of the Companies Act will be available to the shareholders at the company's office on Kungsbron 1 D5  SE-111 22 Stockholm  Sweden  and on the company's webpage  www.calliditas.se/en/  no later than 28 April 2022. In connection with the publication of the notice  the nomination committee's proposal and motivated statement will be available on the address stated above as well as on the website stated above. Copies of the documents will be sent to the shareholders who so request and who inform the company of their postal address.Processing of personal dataFor information on how your personal data is processed  please see the integrity policy that is available at Euroclear's website  https://www.euroclear.com/dam/ESwithLegal/Privacy-notice-bolagsstammor-engelska.pdf.Stockholm  April 2022Calliditas Therapeutics AB (publ)The Board of DirectorsThis is an in-house translation of the Swedish original wording. In case of discrepancies between the English translation and the Swedish original  the Swedish text shall prevail.For further information  please contact:Mikael Widell  Investor relationsEmail: mikael.widell@calliditas.comTelephone: +46 703 11 99 60The information was submitted for publication  through the agency of the contact person set out above  at 08:30 am CEST on April 14  2022.DisclaimerNothing in this notice shall constitute an offer to sell nor a solicitation of an offer to buy any securities  nor shall there be any sale of any securities described herein in any state or jurisdiction in which such an offer  solicitation or sale would be unlawful prior to registration or qualification under the securities laws of any such state or jurisdictionAbout CalliditasCalliditas Therapeutics is a commercial stage biopharma company based in Stockholm  Sweden focused on identifying  developing and commercializing novel treatments in orphan indications  with an initial focus on renal and hepatic diseases with significant unmet medical needs. Calliditas' lead product  TARPEYOTM (budesonide) delayed release capsules  has been approved by the FDA and is the subject of a marketing authorization application (MAA) with the European Medicines Agency (EMA). Additionally  Calliditas is conducting a pivotal clinical trial with its NOX inhibitor product candidate setanaxib in primary biliary cholangitis and is initiating a head and neck cancer Phase 2 trial with setanaxib. Calliditas' common shares are listed on Nasdaq Stockholm (ticker: CALTX) and its American Depositary Shares are listed on the Nasdaq Global Select Market (ticker: CALT).This information was brought to you by Cision http://news.cision.comhttps://news.cision.com/calliditas-therapeutics/r/notice-of-annual-general-meeting-of-calliditas-therapeutics-ab--publ- c3546345The following files are available for download:SOURCE Calliditas Therapeutics",neutral,0.02,0.96,0.03,negative,0.02,0.22,0.76,True,English,"['annual general meeting', 'Calliditas Therapeutics AB', 'Notice', 'Euroclear Sweden AB', 'annual general meeting', 'continued general meeting', 'Group"") financial situation', 'Calliditas Therapeutics AB', 'voting rights registration', 'advance voting form', 'general meetings', 'Such registration', 'postal voting', 'Swedish Act', 'temporary exceptions', 'other associations', 'physical presence', 'third parties', 'significant harm', 'Fredrik Johansson', 'Kungsbron 1 D', 'fredrik.johansson', 'securities institution', 'BankID verification', 'legal entity', 'corresponding document', 'two persons', 'special form', 'Thursday 19 May', 'Wednesday 11 May', 'Wednesday 18 May', 'one tenth', 'share register', 'special instructions', 'Further instructions', 'advance vote', 'one vote', 'Friday 13 May', 'treasury shares', 'votes', '53,172,170 shares', 'STOCKHOLM', 'April', 'PRNewswire', 'shareholders', 'Reg.', 'office', 'reference', 'execution', 'companies', 'Board', 'Directors', 'proxies', 'procedure', 'Information', 'resolutions', 'result', 'matters', 'agenda', 'way', 'place', 'company', 'accordance', 'Section', 'CEO', 'circumstances', 'assessement', 'subsidiaries', 'relation', 'request', 'writing', 'mail', 'Participation', 'notice', 'heading', 'name', 'nominee', 'date', 'website', 'notification', 'GeneralMeetingService', 'publ', 'Box', 'anmalan', 'vpc', 'EuroclearProxy', 'power', 'attorney', 'certificate', 'incorporation', 'conditions', 'entirety', 'questions', 'telephone', 'Monday', 'Number', 'total', 'Election', 'chairman']",2022-04-15,2022-04-15,prnewswire.co.uk
2904,Euroclear,Google API,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/CALLIDITAS-THERAPEUTICS-A-44458575/news/Calliditas-Therapeutics-Notice-of-annual-general-meeting-of-Calliditas-Therapeutics-AB-publ-Fo-40058598/,Calliditas Therapeutics : Notice of annual general meeting of Calliditas Therapeutics AB (publ) - Form 6-K,1 day ago,"Calliditas Therapeutics : Notice of annual general meeting of Calliditas Therapeutics AB (publ) - Form 6-K 04/14/2022 | 04:06pm EDT Send by mail :Name : First name : From * : To * : (You can enter multiple email addresses separated by commas) Message : * Required fields Notice of annual general meeting of Calliditas Therapeutics AB (publ) The shareholders of Calliditas Therapeutics AB (publ)  Reg. No. 556659-9766  with registered office in Stockholm  are summoned to the annual general meeting on Thursday 19 May 2022. With reference to the Swedish Act (2022:121) on temporary exceptions to facilitate the execution of general meetings in companies and other associations  the Board of Directors has decided that the annual general meeting will be conducted by advance voting only  without physical presence of shareholders  proxies and third parties. Calliditas Therapeutics welcomes all shareholders to exercise their voting rights at the annual general meeting through advance voting according to the procedure set out below. Information on the resolutions passed at the annual general meeting will be published on 19 May 2022  as soon as the result of the voting has been finally confirmed. In the advance voting form  the shareholders may request that a resolution on one or several of the matters on the proposed agenda below should be deferred to a so-called continued general meeting  which cannot be conducted solely by way of advance voting. Such continued general meeting shall take place if the annual general meeting so resolves or if shareholders with at least one tenth of all shares in the company so request. The shareholders are reminded of their right to request information in accordance with Section 23 of the Swedish Act (2022:121) on temporary exceptions to facilitate the execution of general meetings in companies and other associations and if the Board of Directors determines it can be done without significant harm to the company  the Board of Directors and the CEO shall provide information on circumstances that may affect the assessement of the company's or its subsidiaries' (together the ""Group"") financial situation and the company's relation to another company within the Group. A request for such information shall be made in writing to Calliditas Therapeutics  att. Fredrik Johansson  Kungsbron 1 D5  SE-111 22 Stockholm  Sweden  or by e-mail to fredrik.johansson@calliditas.com no later than on 9 May 2022. Participation  etc. Shareholders who wish to participate  through advance voting  in the meeting must: · be recorded in the share register maintained by Euroclear Sweden AB relating to the circumstances on Wednesday 11 May 2022  and · give notice of participation by casting their advance votes in accordance with the instructions under the heading ""Advance voting"" below  so that the advance voting form is received by Euroclear Sweden AB no later than on Wednesday 18 May 2022. Shareholders whose shares are registered in the name of a nominee through a bank or a securities institution must temporarily re-register their shares in their own names to be entitled to participate in the meeting. Such registration  which may be temporary (so-called voting rights registration)  must be duly effected in the share register maintained by Euroclear Sweden AB on Friday 13 May 2022  and the shareholders must therefore advise their nominees well in advance of this date. Advance voting The shareholders may only exercise their voting rights at the annual general meeting by voting in advance  so-called postal voting  in accordance with Section 22 of the Swedish Act (2022:121) on temporary exceptions to facilitate the execution of general meetings in companies and other associations. A special form shall be used for advance voting. The form is available on the company's website  www.calliditas.se . The advance voting form is considered as the notification of participation. The completed voting form must be received by Euroclear Sweden AB no later than Wednesday 18 May 2022. The form may be submitted via e-mail to GeneralMeetingService@euroclear.com or by post to Calliditas Therapeutics AB (publ)  annual general meeting 2022  c/o Euroclear Sweden  Box 191  SE-101 23 Stockholm. Shareholders may also cast their advance votes electronically through BankID verification via https://anmalan.vpc.se/EuroclearProxy/ . If the shareholder votes in advance by proxy  a signed and dated power of attorney shall be enclosed to the form. If the shareholder is a legal entity  a certificate of incorporation or a corresponding document shall be enclosed to the form. The shareholder may not provide special instructions or conditions in the voting form. If so  the vote (i.e. the advance vote in its entirety) is invalid. Further instructions and conditions are included in the form for advance voting. For questions regarding the annual general meeting or to have the advance voting form sent by post  please contact Euroclear Sweden AB  by telephone +46 8 402 91 33 (Monday-Friday 09:00-16:00 CEST). Number of shares and votes As per the date of this notice there are a total of 53 172 170 shares outstanding in the company that entitle to one vote per share at the general meeting. As per the date of this notice the company holds no treasury shares. Proposed agenda 1. Election of a chairman of the meeting 2. Election of one or two persons to approve the minutes 3. Preparation and approval of the voting register 4. Approval of the agenda 5. Determination of whether the meeting was duly convened 6. Presentation of the annual report and auditor's report and the consolidated financial statements and auditor's report for the Group 7. Resolutions regarding: (a) Adoption of the income statement and balance sheet and the consolidated income statement and consolidated balance sheet  (b) Allocation of the company's profit or loss according to the adopted balance sheet  and (c) Discharge from liability for board members and the CEO 8. Determination of the number of members of the Board of Directors and the number of auditors 9. Determination of remuneration for the Board of Directors and the auditors 10. Election of the Board of Directors 11. Election of chairman of the Board of Directors 12. Election of accounting firm or auditors 13. Resolution on principles for appointing the nomination committee 14. Resolution on approval of the Board of Directors' remuneration report 15. Resolution to authorize the Board of Directors to resolve on issue of new shares  warrants and/or convertibles 16. Resolutions  in order to facilitate implementation of and delivery of shares under a contemplated At-the-market program (the ""ATM Program"")  to: (a) Amend the articles of association (b) Authorize the Board of Directors to resolve on issue of new C-shares (c) Authorize the Board of Directors to resolve on purchase of C-shares  and (d) Authorize the Board of Directors to resolve on transfer of own ordinary shares 17. Resolution  in order to adopt a long-term performance-based incentive program for members of the Board of Directors  on: (a) Adoption of a long-term performance-based incentive program for members of the Board of Directors (b) Issue of warrants (c) Equity swap agreement with a third party 18. Resolution  in order to adopt a long-term incentive program for the company's management and key personnel  on: (a) Adoption of a long-term incentive program for the company's management and key personnel (b) Issue of warrants (c) Equity swap agreement with a third party   8-12 - The nomination committee's proposal to the annual general meeting 2022 The nomination committee of Calliditas Therapeutics  which consists of Karl Tobieson (Linc AB) (chairman of the nomination committee)  Elmar Schnee (chairman of the Board of Directors)  Patrik Sobocki (Stiftelsen Industrifonden) and Pär Sjögemark (Handelsbanken Fonder) proposes the following: - that Dain Hård Nevonen  member of the Swedish Bar Association  shall be appointed chairman at the annual general meeting. - that the number of members of the Board of Directors shall be six (6) without deputies. - that the number of auditors shall be one (1) without deputies. - that the directors' fee shall be paid with SEK 900 000 (850 000) to the chairman of the Board of Directors and SEK 350 000 (300 000) to each one of the other members who are not employed in the Group  SEK 200 000 (150 000) to the chairman of the audit committee and SEK 100 000 (75 000) to the other members of the audit committee who are not employed in the Group as well as SEK 50 000 (50 000) to the chairman of the remuneration committee and SEK 25 000 (25 000) to the other members of the remuneration committee who are not employed in the Group. In addition to the above-proposed remuneration for ordinary board work  it is proposed that board members residing in the United States shall receive an additional amount of SEK 140 000 (140 000) and that board members residing in Europe  but outside the Nordics  shall receive an additional amount of SEK 50 000 (50 000). - that the fee to the auditor shall be paid in accordance with approved statement of costs. - that the board members Elmar Schnee  Hilde Furberg  Diane Parks and Molly Henderson are re-elected as board members and that Henrik Stenqvist and Elisabeth Björk are elected as new board members  for the period up until the end of the next annual general meeting. Lennart Hansson has declined re-election. Information on the proposed new board members Henrik Stenqvist  born in 1968. Henriks Stenqvist holds a degree in Finance and Business Administration from University of Linköping. Henrik has served as CFO of several listed life science companies and currently  he is the CFO of SOBI. Previous positions include CFO at Recipharm  CFO at Meda  Regional Finance Director at AstraZeneca  Finance Director at Astra Export & Trading and Board member of MedCap AB. Henrik Stenqvist holds 2 500 shares in Calliditas Therapeutics and is considered to be independent of Calliditas Therapeutics and its management as well as of Calliditas Therapeutics' larger shareholders. Elisabeth Björk  born in 1961. Elisabeth Björk is an endocrinologist by training and an associate professor of medicine at Uppsala University  Sweden. Elisabeth Bjӧrk is the Senior Vice President  Head of Late-stage Development  Cardiovascular  Renal and Metabolism (CVRM)  BioPharmaceuticals R&D at AstraZeneca leading the global development of medicines within this area. Throughout her career at AstraZeneca  she has gained broad drug development experience covering clinical development phase I-IV  large outcomes programs  major global filings and health authority interactions (FDA  EMA  Japan) and commercial strategy/implementation. Elisabeth Björk holds no shares in Calliditas Therapeutics and is considered to be independent of Calliditas Therapeutics and its management as well as of Calliditas Therapeutics' larger shareholders. - that Elmar Schnee is re-elected chairman of the Board of Directors. - that Ernst & Young AB is re-elected  in accordance with the audit committee's recommendation. Should Ernst & Young AB be re-elected  the nomination committee notes that Ernst & Young AB has communicated that Anna Svanberg will be re-elected as the auditor in charge. - that the principles for appointing the nomination committee are left unchanged from the previous year. A presentation of the individuals proposed for re-election is available at www.calliditas.se/en/ . - Election of one or two persons to approve the minutes The Board of Directors proposes that Patrik Sobocki (Stiftelsen Industrifonden) and Karl Tobieson (Linc AB)  or if one or both of them have an impediment to attend  the person or persons instead appointed by the Board of Directors  are elected to approve the minutes of the annual general meeting together with the chairman. The task of approving the minutes of the annual general meeting also includes verifying the voting register and that the advance votes received are correctly stated in the minutes of the annual general meeting. - Preparation and approval of the voting register The voting register proposed for approval is the voting register drawn up by Euroclear Sweden AB on behalf of Calliditas Therapeutics  based on the annual general meeting's share register and advance votes received  as verified and recommended by the persons approving the minutes. b - Allocation of the company's profit or loss according to the adopted balance sheet The Board of Directors proposes that no dividends shall be paid for the financial year 2021 and that that SEK 1 203 117 thousand is carried forward. - Resolution on principles for appointing the nomination committee The nomination committee proposes that the annual general meeting resolves that the principles for appointing the nomination committee shall be left unchanged from the previous year  in accordance with the below. The nomination committee shall be composed of the chairman of the Board of Directors together with one representative of each of the three largest shareholders  based on ownership in the company as of the expiry of the third quarter of the financial year. Should any of the three largest shareholders renounce its right to appoint one representative to the nomination committee  such right shall transfer to the shareholder who then in turn  after these three  is the largest shareholder in the company. The Board of Directors shall convene the nomination committee. The member representing the largest shareholder shall be appointed chairman of the nomination committee  unless the nomination committee unanimously appoints someone else. Should a shareholder having appointed a representative to the nomination committee no longer be among the three largest shareholders at a point in time falling three months before the annual general meeting at the latest  the representative appointed by such shareholder shall resign and the shareholder who is then among the three largest shareholders shall have the right to appoint one representative to the nomination committee. Unless there are specific reasons otherwise  the already established composition of the nomination committee shall  however  remain unchanged in case such change in the ownership is only marginal or occurs during the three month period prior to the annual general meeting. Where a shareholder has become one of the three largest shareholders due to a material change in the ownership at a point in time falling later than three months before the annual general meeting  such shareholder shall however in any event have the right to take part of the work of the nomination committee and participate in its meetings. Should a member resign from the nomination committee before his or her work is completed  the shareholder who has appointed such member shall appoint a new member  unless that shareholder is no longer one of the three largest shareholders  in which case the largest shareholder in turn shall appoint the substitute member. A shareholder who has appointed a representative to the nomination committee shall have the right to discharge such representative and appoint a new representative. Changes to the composition of the nomination committee shall be announced immediately. The term of office for the nomination committee ends when the next nomination committee has been appointed. The nomination committee shall carry out its duties as set out in the Swedish Code of Corporate Governance. - Resolution on approval of the Board of Directors' remuneration report The Board of Directors proposes that the annual general meeting resolves to approve the remuneration report on remunerations according to Chapter 8  section 53 a of the Swedish Companies Act (2005:551) (the ""Companies Act""). - Resolution to authorize the Board of Directors to resolve on issue of new shares  warrants and/or convertibles The Board of Directors proposes that the annual general meeting resolves to authorize the Board of Directors to  at one or several occasions and for the period up until the next annual general meeting  increase the company's share capital by issuing new shares  warrants and/or convertibles. Such share issue resolution may be carried out with or without deviation from the shareholders' preferential rights and with or without provisions for contribution in kind  set-off or other conditions. The authorization may only be utilized to such extent that the number of shares issued under the authorization  or the number of shares created in connection with exercise of warrants or conversion of convertibles  corresponds to a dilution of not more than 15 percent of the total number of shares outstanding at the time of the general meeting's resolution on adoption of the proposed authorization  reduced with the number of shares transferred to ensure delivery of shares under the company's ATM Program in accordance with item 16d below. The purpose of the authorization is to increase the financial flexibility of the company and the general flexibility of the Board of Directors. Should the Board of Directors resolve on an issue with deviation from the shareholders' preferential rights  the reason for this shall be to finance an acquisition of operations  to procure capital to finance the development of projects or to commercialize the company' s products. Upon such deviation from the shareholders' preferential rights  the new issue shall be made at market terms and conditions. The CEO shall be authorized to make such minor adjustments to this resolution that may be necessary in connection with the registration. - Resolution  in order to facilitate implementation of and delivery of shares under a contemplated ""At-the-market"" program (the ""ATM Program"")  to: Since 2020  Calliditas has had its shares  in the form of American Depositary Shares (""ADSs"")  listed in the United States on The Nasdaq Global Select Market. Calliditas' board of directors has been evaluating the opportunity of launching a so called At-The-Market program (""ATM Program"") in the US market. ATM Programs are common among many US listed companies  including Life Science companies. Approximately 70 percent of eligible Life Science Companies in the United States have ATM Programs in place. The board of directors of Calliditas is thus proposing to the shareholders to adopt resolutions to allow for an ATM Program as set out below in this agenda item 16  subject to AGM approval and further resolutions by the board before implementation of the program  however  no assurances can be given that a program will be utilized and the future use of an ATM Program will be evaluated by the Board of Directors taking other potential sources of financing  capital need and shareholder dilution into consideration. An ATM Program is an efficient and cost-effective method to raise equity in the US market  from time to time  and with significantly lower transactional costs compared to traditional capital raising alternatives. Sales are effected in ""at the market"" transactions of ADSs on The Nasdaq Global Select Market and/or negotiated transactions in the US subject to applicable US regulations and documentation. Having an ATM Program in place is expected to enable Calliditas to efficiently source capital in the US market  subject to demand and board approval. An ATM Program may also be used to settle reverse enquiries from institutional buyers. An ATM Program  if used  may also increase the liquidity of Calliditas' ADSs in the United States. 16a - Amend the articles of association The Board of Directors proposes that the annual general meeting resolves to amend the articles of association as follows. A new section  § 5  together with an updated wording of § 4  is proposed in the articles of association. The new § 5  together with the amended § 4  allows for C-shares to be issued  conversion of C-shares into ordinary shares  redemption and regulates preferential rights. Following the insertion of a new section  a renumbering of sections is proposed  whereby the previous § 5 becomes § 6 and so on. Current wording Poposed wording 4 § Share capital and number of shares The share capital shall be not less than SEK 710 000 and not more than SEK 2 840 000. The number of shares shall be not less than 17 750 000 and not more than 71 000 000. 4 § Share capital and number of shares The share capital shall be not less than SEK 710 000 and not more than SEK 2 840 000. The number of shares shall be not less than 17 750 000 and not more than 71 000 000. The shares shall be issued in two classes  ordinary shares and C-shares. Ordinary shares shall entitle the holder to one (1) vote per share  whereas C-shares shall entitle the holder to one tenth (1/10) vote per share. Shares of each class may be issued in a quantity corresponding to the entire share capital of the company. Holders of C-shares are not entitled to dividends. Upon the company's liquidation  C-shares carry equivalent right to the company's assets as other shares  however not to an amount exceeding the quota value of the share. Where the company resolves to issue new shares by way of a cash issue or a set-off issue  one old share shall entitle the holder to pre-emption rights to one new share of the same class pro rata to the number of shares previously owned by the holder (primary pre-emption rights). Shares that are not subscribed for pursuant to primary pre-emption rights shall be offered to all shareholders for subscription (subsidiary pre-emption rights). Unless shares offered in such manner are sufficient for the subscription which takes place pursuant to subsidiary pre-emption rights  the shares shall be allotted among the subscribers pro rata to the total number of shares previously owned. Where this is not possible with respect to a particular share(s)  shares shall be allotted through drawing of lots. The provisions above shall not entail any restrictions on the possibility for the company to adopt a resolution regarding a cash issue or set-off issue without regard to shareholders' pre-emption rights. The provisions above regarding shareholders' pre-emption rights shall apply mutatis mutandis to an issue of warrants or an issue of convertible instruments. Where the company resolves to issue only one class of shares by way of a cash issue or set-off issue  all of the shareholders  irrespective of the class of share  shall hold pre-emption rights to subscribe for new shares pro rata to the number of shares previously owned. In the event of a bonus issue  new shares of each class shall be issued pro rata to the number of shares of the same class previously issued. In connection therewith  the owners of existing shares of a certain class shall entitle the holder to new shares of the same class. This shall not entail any restrictions on the possibility of issuing new shares of a new class by means of a bonus issue  following the required amendment to the articles of association. Reduction of share capital  which in any case shall not fall below the minimum share capital  may  upon the request of an owner of C-shares and a resolution by the company's Board of Directors or the general meeting  take place through redemption of C-shares. A request from a shareholder shall be made in writing. When a resolution on reduction has been passed  an amount corresponding to the reduction amount shall be transferred to the company's reserve fund  if required funds are available. The redemption amount per C- share shall correspond to the quota value of such share. Following notice of the redemption resolution  holders of shares shall promptly receive payment for the shares  or  if authorization from the Swedish Companies Registration Office (Sw. Bolagsverket) or a court is required  following notice that the final decision has been registered. 5 § (New section inserted) 5 § Conversion clause C-shares held by the company may  upon decision of the board of directors be reclassified into ordinary shares. Immediately thereafter  the board of directors shall register the reclassification to the Swedish Companies Registration Office. The reclassification is effected when it has been registered and the reclassification been reflected in the central securities depository register. The Board of Directors proposes that the CEO shall be authorized to make the minor adjustments to this resolution that may be necessary in connection with their registration. 16b - Authorize the Board of Directors to resolve on issue of new C-shares The Board of Directors proposes that the annual general meeting resolves to authorize the Board of Directors  during the period until the annual general meeting 2023 on one or more occasions  to increase the company's share capital by not more than SEK 236 321 by the issue of not more than 5 908 019 C-shares  each with a quota value of SEK 0.04. With deviation from the shareholders' pre-emption rights  the participating bank shall be entitled to subscribe for the new C-shares at a subscription price corresponding to the quota value of the shares. The purpose of the authorization and the reason for the deviation from the shareholders' pre-emption rights in connection with the issue of shares is to ensure delivery of shares to be sold under the company's ATM Program. 16c - Authorize the Board of Directors to resolve on purchase of C-shares The Board of Directors proposes that the Board is authorized  during the period until the annual general meeting 2023  on one or more occasions  to decide on purchases of up to 5 908 019 C-shares in accordance with purchase offerings directed to all shareholders of C-shares which shall comprise all outstanding C-shares. Repurchases shall be effected at a purchase price corresponding to the quota value of the share. Payment for the acquired C-shares shall be made in cash. The company may purchase maximum so many shares that the company's holding of own shares after the purchase amounts to a maximum of one-tenth of all the shares in the company. The purpose of the authorization is to ensure delivery of shares to be sold under the company's ATM Program. 16d - Authorize the Board of Directors to resolve on transfer of own ordinary shares The Board of Directors proposes that the Board of Directors is authorized  during the period until the next annual general meeting  on one or more occasions  to transfer up to 5 908 019 ordinary shares (following the re-classification from C-shares)  to be effected outside Nasdaq Stockholm against payment in cash. Such transfers may be effected at a price in cash which corresponds to the market price at the time of the transfer of the Calliditas Therapeutics shares transferred with such deviation as the Board of Directors finds appropriate. The authorization under this item may only be utilized to the extent that the shares transferred by virtue of this authorization  together with any shares issued by virtue of the authorization under item 15 above  do not exceed 20 percent of the total number of shares outstanding at the time of the general meeting's resolution on the proposed authorization. The purpose of the authorization is to ensure delivery of shares to be sold under the company's ATM Program. - Resolution  in order to adopt a long-term performance-based incentive program for members of the Board of Directors  on: The nomination committee proposes that the annual general meeting resolves to implement a long-term performance-based incentive program for members of the Board of Directors of Calliditas Therapeutics AB (""Board LTIP 2022"") in accordance with items 17a - 17b below. The resolutions under items 17a - 17b below are proposed to be conditional upon each other. Should the majority requirement for item 17b below not be met  the nomination committee proposes that Calliditas Therapeutics shall be able to enter into an equity swap agreement with a third party in accordance with item 17c below and resolutions under items 17a and 17c shall then be conditional upon each other. Board LTIP 2022 is a program under which the participants will be granted  free of charge  share awards subject to performance vesting (""Share Awards"") that entitle to shares in Calliditas Therapeutics to be calculated in accordance with the principles stipulated below  however not more than 50 000 shares. As part of the implementation of Board LTIP 2022  not more than 50 000 warrants can be issued in accordance with item 17b below. 17a - Adoption of a long-term performance-based incentive program for members of the Board of Directors The rationale for the proposal Board LTIP 2022 is intended for main owner independent members of the Board of Directors in Calliditas Therapeutics. The nomination committee believes that an equity-based incentive program is a central part of an attractive and competitive remuneration package in order to attract  retain and motivate internationally competent members of the Board of Directors  and to focus the participants on delivering exceptional performance which contributes to value creation for all shareholders. Board LTIP 2022 is adapted to the current position and needs of Calliditas Therapeutics. The nomination committee is of the opinion that Board LTIP 2022 will increase and strengthen the participants' dedication to Calliditas Therapeutics' operations  improve company loyalty and be beneficial to both the shareholders and Calliditas Therapeutics. Conditions for Share Awards The following conditions shall apply for the Share Awards. 1. The Share Awards shall be granted free of charge to the participants as soon as practicable after the annual general meeting. 2. The Share Awards shall vest gradually over approximately three years  corresponding to three terms up to the date of  whichever is earliest  (i) the annual general meeting 2025 or (ii) 1 July 2025 (the ""Vesting Date"")  where each term equals the period from one annual general meeting up until the day falling immediately prior to the next annual general meeting or the Vesting Date  as applicable (each such period a ""Term""). The Share Awards shall vest with 1/3 at the end of each Term  provided that the participant is still a Board member of Calliditas Therapeutics on the said date. In addition to the vesting conditions just stated  the Share Awards are subject to performance vesting based on the development of the Calliditas Therapeutics share price  in accordance with the vesting conditions below. 3. The Share Awards are subject to performance vesting based on the development of the Calliditas Therapeutics share price over the period from the date the Share Awards are allocated (""Grant Date"") up to and including the day before the Vesting Date. The development of the share price will be measured based on the volume-weighted average price of the Calliditas Therapeutics share on Nasdaq Stockholm for the 10 trading days immediately preceding the Grant Date and the 10 trading days immediately preceding the Vesting Date  respectively. In the event Calliditas Therapeutics' share price has increased by more than 60 percent  100 percent of the Share Awards shall vest  and should the share price have increased by 20 percent  33 percent of such Share Awards shall vest. In the event of an increase of the share price of between 20 and 60 percent  vesting of the Share Awards will occur linearly. Should the increase of the share price be less than 20 percent  vesting will not occur at all. 4. The earliest point in time at which shares may be obtained from vested Share Awards shall be as soon as possible after the Vesting Date and once an assessment of the performance criteria has been made. 5. Each vested Share Award entitles the holder to receive one share in Calliditas Therapeutics without any compensation being payable provided that the holder is still a Board member of Calliditas Therapeutics at the relevant time of vesting with the exception of certain customary ""good leaver""-situations (death and permanent incapacity to complete the assignment due to illness or accident) and this shall also apply during the first year up until the day of the annual general meeting 2023. 6. The number of Share Awards will be re-calculated in the event that changes occur in Calliditas Therapeutics' equity capital structure  such as a bonus issue  merger  rights issue  share split or reverse share split  reduction of the share capital or similar measures. 7. The Share Awards cannot be transferred and may not be pledged. 8. The Share Awards can be granted by the parent company as well as any other company within the Calliditas Therapeutics group. 9. In the event of a public take-over offer  asset sale  liquidation  merger or any other such transaction affecting Calliditas Therapeutics  the Share Awards will vest in their entirety upon completion of such transaction. 10. The Share Awards shall otherwise be subject to the terms set forth in the separate agreements with the participants and the detailed terms for Board LTIP 2022. Allocation The number of Share Awards that shall be granted to each participant shall equal the below amount for the respective participant divided by the volume-weighted average price of the Calliditas Therapeutics share on Nasdaq Stockholm for the 10 trading days preceding the Grant Date. The Share Awards under Board LTIP 2022 shall be awarded in accordance with the following: · Share Awards calculated based on SEK 1 300 000 to the chairman of the Board of Directors; and · Share Awards calculated based on SEK 500 000 to each of Diane Parks  Hilde Furberg  Molly Henderson  Henrik Stenqvist and Elisabeth Björk. In any event  Board LTIP 2022 will comprise a total number of Share Awards which  if all Share Awards are vested in accordance with the vesting conditions above  can entitle to not more than 50 000 shares in Calliditas Therapeutics. Preparation of the proposal Board LTIP 2022 has been prepared by the nomination committee and has been structured based on an evaluation of prior incentive programs and market practice for comparable European (including Swedish) and American listed companies. Dilution Assuming a volume-weighted average price of the Calliditas Therapeutics share on Nasdaq Stockholm for the 10 trading days preceding the Grant Date of SEK 100.00  Board LTIP 2022 will comprise not more than 38 000 shares in total  which corresponds to a dilution of approximately 0.07 percent on a fully diluted basis. Taking into account also the shares which may be issued pursuant to previously implemented incentive programs in the company  the maximum dilution amounts to 6.2 percent on a fully diluted basis. Taking into account also the shares which may be issued pursuant to previously implemented incentive programs in the company as well as the incentive program for the company's management and key personnel proposed to the annual general meeting 2022  the maximum dilution amounts to 9.4 percent on a fully diluted basis. The dilution is only expected to have a marginal effect on the company's key performance indicator ""Earnings (loss) per share"". Information about Calliditas Therapeutics' existing incentive programs can be found in Calliditas Therapeutics' annual report for 2021  note 10  which is available on the company's website  www.calliditas.se/en/ . Scope and costs of the program Board LTIP 2022 will be accounted for in accordance with ""IFRS 2 - Share-based payments"". IFRS 2 stipulates that the Share Awards shall be expensed as personnel costs over the vesting period and will be accounted for directly against equity. Personnel costs in accordance with IFRS 2 do not affect the company's cash flow. Social security costs will be expensed in the income statement during the vesting period. Assuming a volume-weighted average price of the Calliditas Therapeutics share on Nasdaq Stockholm for the 10 trading days preceding the Grant Date of SEK 100.0  the annual cost for the Board LTIP 2022  according to IFRS 2  is estimated at approximately SEK 0.5 million pre-tax. The estimated IFRS 2 cost has been calculated with a Monte Carlo simulation. The annual cost for social security contributions is estimated at SEK 0.7 million  based on an annual increase in the share price of 20 percent  the aforementioned assumptions and a social security tax rate of 31.42 percent. The total annual cost for Board LTIP 2022 during the term of the program  including costs according to IFRS 2 and social security charges  is therefore estimated to approximately SEK 1.2 million. The total cost of the Board LTIP 2022  including all costs referred to above and social security charges  is estimated to amount to approximately SEK 3.7 million under the above assumptions. Delivery of shares under Board LTIP 2022 In order to ensure the delivery of shares under Board LTIP 2022  the nomination committee proposes that the annual general meeting resolves to issue warrants in accordance with item 17b below. 17b -Issue of warrants In order to ensure the delivery of shares under Board LTIP 2022  the nomination committee proposes that the annual general meeting resolves to issue not more than 50 000 warrants  whereby the company's share capital can increase by not more than SEK 2 000 in accordance with the following: 1. The right to subscribe for the warrants shall  with deviation from the shareholders' pre-emptive rights  only vest with Nefecon AB  a wholly owned subsidiary of Calliditas Therapeutics. The reason for the deviation from the shareholders' pre-emptive rights is the implementation of Board LTIP 2022. Nefecon AB shall be entitled to transfer the warrants to participants of Board LTIP 2022  or a financial intermediary in connection with the exercise of Share Awards. 2. The warrants shall be issued free of charge and shall be subscribed for on a subscription list no later than 1 July 2022. The Board of Directors may extend the subscription period. 3. The detailed terms of the warrants are set out in the complete proposal which is kept available to the shareholders. 4. The exercise price for subscription for shares based on the warrants shall correspond to the share's quota value. 5. The CEO shall be authorized to make such minor adjustments that may be necessary in connection with the registration of the new issue. 6. Notification of subscription of shares by the exercise of Warrants can be made from and including the day of registration of the Warrants with the Swedish Companies' Office up until and including 31 December 2025. 7. Shares which are issued following subscription shall entitle to participation in the distribution of profits for the first time on the nearest record date occurring after the subscription has been exercised. 17c - Equity swap agreement with a third party Should the majority requirement for item 17b above not be met  the nomination committee proposes that the annual general meeting resolves that Board LTIP 2022 shall instead be hedged so that Calliditas Therapeutics can enter into an equity swap agreement with a third party on terms in accordance with market practice  whereby the third party in its own name shall be entitled to acquire and transfer shares of Calliditas Therapeutics to the participants. - Resolution  in order to adopt a long-term incentive program for the company's management and key personnel  on: The Board of Directors of Calliditas Therapeutics proposes the introduction of a long-term incentive program for the company's management and key personnel (including employees and consultants) in accordance with the following. The Board of Directors proposes that the annual general meeting resolves to implement a long-term incentive program for management and key personnel (including employees and consultants) in Calliditas Therapeutics (""ESOP 2022"") in accordance with items 18a - 18b below. The resolutions under items 18a - 18b below are proposed to be conditional upon each other. Should the majority requirement for item 18b below not be met  the Board of Directors proposes that Calliditas Therapeutics shall be able to enter into an equity swap agreement with a third party in accordance with item 18c below and resolutions under items 18a and 18c shall then be conditional upon each other. ESOP 2022 is a program under which the participants will be granted  free of charge  stock options to acquire shares in Calliditas Therapeutics (""Options"")  subject to vesting over a three-year period in accordance with the below. The Board of Directors proposes that a maximum of 2 000 000 Options are allocated to the participants. 18a - Adoption of a long-term incentive program for the company's management and key personnel The rationale for the proposal ESOP 2022 is intended for members of management and key personnel (including employees and consultants) in Calliditas Therapeutics. The Board of Directors of Calliditas Therapeutics believes that an equity-based incentive program in the form of stock options is a central part of an attractive and competitive remuneration package in order to attract  retain and motivate competent members of management and key personnel (including employees and consultants) in Calliditas Therapeutics  and to focus the participants on delivering exceptional performance which contributes to value creation for all shareholders. The proposed program is key for the company's ability to attract  retain and motivate competent key persons in the United States as well as in Europe in the company's operations and commercial functions scaling up the market launch of TARPEYO in the United States and the development of the company's pipeline assets. During the fourth quarter of 2021  the company received accelerated approval in the United States and currently the company are launching TARPEYO in the United States. When recruiting experienced commercial personnel in the United States and other key employees in the United States and Europe it will be important for Calliditas Therapeutics to be able to offer attractive compensation terms. A competitive equity-based incentive program will be a key component in order to be able to attract and retain highly skilled and experienced individuals as Calliditas Therapeutics launches TARPEYO in the United States. The Board of Directors of Calliditas Therapeutics believes that ESOP 2022 will fortify the alignment of the interests of the participants and the interests of the shareholders. ESOP 2022 is adapted to the current position and needs of Calliditas Therapeutics. The Board of Directors is of the opinion that ESOP 2022 will increase and strengthen the participants' dedication to Calliditas Therapeutics' operations  improve company loyalty and that ESOP 2022 will be beneficial to both the shareholders and Calliditas Therapeutics. Conditions for Options The following conditions shall apply for the Options. · The Options shall be granted free of charge to the participants. · The Board of Directors shall resolve upon the allocation of Options between the date of the annual general meeting 2022 and the date of the annual general meeting 2023 (with each respective granting falling on a ""Grant Date""). · Each Option entitles the holder to acquire one share in Calliditas Therapeutics for a pre-determined exercise price. The exercise price will correspond to 115 percent of the volume weighted average price of the Calliditas Therapeutics share on Nasdaq Stockholm during the ten trading days preceding the Grant Date. · The Options shall vest over a three-year period  with 20 percent on the first anniversary of the Grant Date  with an annual vesting of 40 percent during the second year after the Grant Date  and with an annual vesting of 40 percent during the third year after the Grant Date  and thereafter be exercisable  provided that the holder  with certain exceptions  still is employed by Calliditas Therapeutics (or  in the case of consultants  still provides services to Calliditas Therapeutics). · Following the expiry of the vesting period  the Options may be exercised during a one-year period. · The number of Options shall be subject to customary re-calculation  for example in the event that changes occur in Calliditas Therapeutics' equity capital structure  such as a bonus issue  merger  rights issue  share split or reverse share split  reduction of the share capital or similar measures. · The Options are non-transferable and may not be pledged. · The Options may be granted by the parent company as well as any other company within the Calliditas Therapeutics group. · In the event of a public take-over offer  significant asset sale  liquidation  merger or any other such transaction affecting Calliditas Therapeutics  the Options will vest in their entirety following the completion of a change of control. Allocation The right to receive Options shall accrue to up to 100 employees or consultants of the company. The Board of Directors may grant Options  on one or several occasions  between the date of the annual general meeting 2022 and the date of the annual general meeting 2023. The maximum number of Options that may be allocated to the participants under ESOP 2022 is 2 000 000. The maximum allocation per individual in each category shall be 300 000 Options for Category 1 (CEO)  250 000 Options for Category 2 (Management) and 100 000 Options for Category 3 (Other key personnel and consultants). Preparation  administration and the right to amend the terms of the Options The Board of Directors is responsible for preparing the detailed terms and conditions of ESOP 2022  in accordance with the above-mentioned terms and guidelines. To this end  the Board of Directors shall be entitled to make adjustments to meet foreign regulations or market conditions  including resolving on cash or other settlement if deemed favorable for Calliditas Therapeutics based on foreign tax regulations. The Board of Directors may also make other adjustments if significant changes in Calliditas Therapeutics or its environment would result in a situation where the adopted terms and conditions of ESOP 2022 no longer serve their purpose. Preparation of the proposal ESOP 2022 has been initiated by the Board of Directors of Calliditas Therapeutics and has been structured based on an evaluation of prior incentive programs and market practice for comparable European (including Swedish) and American listed companies. ESOP 2022 has been prepared by the Remuneration Committee and reviewed by the Board of Directors. Dilution Subject to certain recalculation conditions  the maximum number of shares that may be issued under ESOP 2022 is 2 000 000 which corresponds to a dilution of approximately 3.6 percent on a fully diluted basis. Taking into account also the shares which may be issued pursuant to already allocated warrants under the company's outstanding incentive programs  the maximum dilution amounts to approximately 9.4 percent on a fully diluted basis. The dilution is expected to have a marginal effect on the company's key performance indicator ""Earnings (loss) per share"". Information about Calliditas Therapeutics' existing incentive programs can be found on Calliditas Therapeutics' website  www.calliditas.se/en/   under ""Remuneration"" as well as in the company's annual report. Scope and costs of the program ESOP 2022 will be accounted for in accordance with ""IFRS 2 - Share-based payments"". IFRS 2 stipulates that the Options shall be expensed as personnel costs over the vesting period. Personnel costs in accordance with IFRS 2 do not affect the company's cash flow. Social security costs will be expensed in the income statement according to UFR 7 during the vesting period. Assuming a share price at the time of allocation of Options of SEK 100.0  an annual increase in the share price of 15 percent and that all Options are allocated up-front under the assumptions set out under ""Dilution"" above  the average annual cost for Calliditas Therapeutics according to IFRS 2 is estimated to approximately SEK 16.2 million per year before tax. The average annual social security costs over the vesting period are estimated to approximately a total of SEK 10.9 million  based on the above assumptions  that all Options are fully vested  a vesting period for all Options of three years and social security costs of 31.42 percent. It is envisaged that the social security costs associated with ESOP 2022 will be covered by the cash received from the participants at exercise of Options. If necessary  social security costs will be covered by hedging measures through the issue of warrants (see item 18b below) which would be exercised by a financial intermediary in connection with the exercise of the Options. In either case  the social security costs associated with ESOP 2022 will be fully covered and will hence not affect the company's cash flow. The total cost of ESOP 2022  including all social security costs  is estimated to amount to approximately SEK 81.3 million under the above assumptions. The costs associated with ESOP 2022 are expected to have a marginal effect on the company's key performance indicator ""Expenses relating to R&D/operating expenses"". Delivery of shares under ESOP 2022 In order to ensure the delivery of shares under ESOP 2022 and if necessary for hedging of social security costs  the Board of Directors proposes that the annual general meeting resolves to issue and use warrants in accordance with item 18b below. 18b -Issue of warrants In order to ensure the delivery of shares under ESOP 2022  and for hedging of social security costs  the Board of Directors proposes that the annual general meeting resolves to issue not more than 2 000 000 warrants  whereby the company's share capital could be increased by not more than SEK 80 000. The right to subscribe for the warrants shall  with deviation from the shareholders' pre-emptive rights  only be granted Nefecon AB  a wholly owned subsidiary of Calliditas Therapeutics. The reason for the deviation from the shareholders' pre-emptive rights is the implementation of ESOP 2022. Nefecon AB shall be entitled to transfer the warrants to participants or a financial intermediary in connection with exercise. The warrants shall be issued free of charge. The exercise price for subscription for shares based on the warrants shall correspond to the share's quota value. The full terms and conditions for the warrants are presented in the complete proposal which is kept available to the shareholders in accordance with the below. 18c - Equity swap agreement with a third party Should the majority requirement for item 18b above not be met  the Board of Directors proposes that the annual general meeting resolves that ESOP 2022 instead shall be hedged through an equity swap agreement with a third party on terms in accordance with market practice  whereby the third party in its own name shall be entitled to acquire and transfer shares of Calliditas Therapeutics to the participants. Majority rules The implementation of the Board of Directors' proposals under item 15 and items 16a - 16d are subject to the approval at the annual general meeting with at least two thirds (2/3) of both the votes cast and of the shares represented at the meeting. Resolution in accordance with item 17b and 18b above requires approval of at least nine tenths (9/10) of the shares represented and votes cast at the annual general meeting. Other information The annual report and the auditor's report for the financial year 2021  proxy form and advance voting form  the remuneration report and other supporting documents for the general meeting  including complete proposals and statements from the Board of Directors  as well as the statement from the auditor pursuant to Chapter 8  Section 54 of the Companies Act will be available to the shareholders at the company's office on Kungsbron 1 D5  SE-111 22 Stockholm  Sweden  and on the company's webpage  www.calliditas.se/en/   no later than 28 April 2022. In connection with the publication of the notice  the nomination committee's proposal and motivated statement will be available on the address stated above as well as on the website stated above. Copies of the documents will be sent to the shareholders who so request and who inform the company of their postal address. Processing of personal data For information on how your personal data is processed  please see the integrity policy that is available at Euroclear's website  https://www.euroclear.com/dam/ESwithLegal/Privacy-notice-bolagsstammor-engelska.pdf . Stockholm  April 2022 Calliditas Therapeutics AB (publ) The Board of Directors This is an in-house translation of the Swedish original wording. In case of discrepancies between the English translation and the Swedish original  the Swedish text shall prevail. For further information  please contact: Mikael Widell  Investor relations Email: mikael.widell@calliditas.com Telephone: +46 703 11 99 60 The information was submitted for publication  through the agency of the contact person set out above  at 08:30 am CEST on April 14  2022. Disclaimer Nothing in this notice shall constitute an offer to sell nor a solicitation of an offer to buy any securities  nor shall there be any sale of any securities described herein in any state or jurisdiction in which such an offer  solicitation or sale would be unlawful prior to registration or qualification under the securities laws of any such state or jurisdictionAbout Calliditas Calliditas Therapeutics is a commercial stage biopharma company based in Stockholm  Sweden focused on identifying  developing and commercializing novel treatments in orphan indications  with an initial focus on renal and hepatic diseases with significant unmet medical needs. Calliditas' lead product  TARPEYOTM (budesonide) delayed release capsules  has been approved by the FDA and is the subject of a marketing authorization application (MAA) with the European Medicines Agency (EMA). Additionally  Calliditas is conducting a pivotal clinical trial with its NOX inhibitor product candidate setanaxib in primary biliary cholangitis and is initiating a head and neck cancer Phase 2 trial with setanaxib. Calliditas' common shares are listed on Nasdaq Stockholm (ticker: CALTX) and its American Depositary Shares are listed on the Nasdaq Global Select Market (ticker: CALT). Attachments Original LinkOriginal DocumentPermalink Disclaimer Calliditas Therapeutics AB published this content on 14 April 2022 and is solely responsible for the information contained therein. Distributed by Public  unedited and unaltered  on 14 April 2022 20:05:09 UTC.© Publicnow 2022 All news about CALLIDITAS THERAPEUTICS AB (PUBL) 04/14 CALLIDITAS THERAPEUTICS : Notice of annual general meeting of Calliditas Therapeutics AB (.. PU 04/14 Notice of annual general meeting of Calliditas Therapeutics AB (publ) AQ 04/08 European ADRs Move Higher in Friday Trading MT 04/06 European ADRs Advance in Wednesday Trading MT 04/05 European ADRs Move Lower in Tuesday Trading MT 04/01 European ADRs Move Higher in Friday Trading MT 03/28 European ADRs Move Lower in Monday Trading MT 03/24 European ADRs Move Higher in Thursday Trading MT 03/24 Calliditas CEO acquires shares through the exercise of Calliditas' warrant program 2018.. AQ 03/23 Calliditas Therapeutics provides a regulatory update on EMA process for Nefecon AQ Analyst Recommendations on CALLIDITAS THERAPEUTICS AB (PUBL) 2021 HC Wainwright Adjusts Calliditas Therapeutics' Price Target to $62 From $52  Reiterates.. MT 2021 Citigroup Adjusts Calliditas Therapeutics' Price Target to $84 From $51  Reiterates Buy.. MT 2021 ANALYST RECOMMENDATIONS : Alibaba  Goldman Sachs  Monday.com  Shaftesbury  3M Company...",neutral,0.01,0.97,0.02,negative,0.02,0.22,0.76,True,English,"['annual general meeting', 'Calliditas Therapeutics AB', 'Notice', 'Form', 'multiple email addresses', 'Euroclear Sweden AB', 'annual general meeting', 'continued general meeting', 'Group"") financial situation', 'Calliditas Therapeutics AB', 'voting rights registration', 'advance voting form', 'general meetings', 'Such registration', 'postal voting', 'registered office', 'Swedish Act', 'temporary exceptions', 'other associations', 'physical presence', 'third parties', 'one tenth', 'significant harm', 'Fredrik Johansson', 'Kungsbron 1 D', 'fredrik.johansson', 'share register', 'securities institution', 'BankID verification', 'legal entity', 'corresponding document', 'special form', 'advance votes', 'Thursday 19 May', 'Wednesday 11 May', 'Wednesday 18 May', 'special instructions', 'Further instructions', 'First name', 'Friday 13 May', 'Notice', 'commas', 'Message', 'Required', 'fields', 'shareholders', 'publ', 'Reg.', 'Stockholm', 'reference', 'execution', 'companies', 'Board', 'Directors', 'proxies', 'procedure', 'Information', 'resolutions', 'result', 'matters', 'agenda', 'way', 'place', 'shares', 'company', 'accordance', 'Section', 'CEO', 'circumstances', 'assessement', 'subsidiaries', 'relation', 'request', 'writing', 'Participation', 'heading', 'nominee', 'names', 'date', 'website', 'notification', 'GeneralMeetingService', 'Box', 'anmalan', 'vpc', 'EuroclearProxy', 'power', 'attorney', 'certificate', 'incorporation', 'conditions', 'entirety', 'questions', 'telephone', 'Monday', 'Number']",2022-04-15,2022-04-15,marketscreener.com
2909,Euroclear,Twitter API,Twitter,Muscat Clearing and Depository Company signs an agreement with Euroclear International Corporation.#Omanspire #Oman https://t.co/iG8aX3y4a8,nan,Muscat Clearing and Depository Company signs an agreement with Euroclear International Corporation.#Omanspire #Oman https://t.co/iG8aX3y4a8,neutral,0.01,0.98,0.01,neutral,0.01,0.98,0.01,True,English,"['Euroclear International Corporation', 'Muscat Clearing', 'Depository Company', 'agreement', 'Omanspire', 'Euroclear International Corporation', 'Muscat Clearing', 'Depository Company', 'agreement', 'Omanspire']",2022-04-14,2022-04-15,Unknown
2910,Euroclear,Twitter API,Twitter,Crypto Ape News: Euroclear invests in Fnality to advance digital ledger technology strategy https://t.co/wb4CANVoKo… https://t.co/oDZeT7Z4as,nan,Crypto Ape News: Euroclear invests in Fnality to advance digital ledger technology strategy https://t.co/wb4CANVoKo… https://t.co/oDZeT7Z4as,neutral,0.02,0.97,0.02,neutral,0.02,0.97,0.02,True,English,"['digital ledger technology strategy', 'Crypto Ape News', 'Euroclear', 'Fnality', 'wb4CANVoKo', 'oDZeT7Z4as', 'digital ledger technology strategy', 'Crypto Ape News', 'Euroclear', 'Fnality', 'wb4CANVoKo', 'oDZeT7Z4as']",2022-04-14,2022-04-15,Unknown
2911,Euroclear,Twitter API,Twitter,Circle lands $400m funding round featuring BlackRock  Fidelity #AAA Websites Euroclear Fintech https://t.co/DX0akfpdLl #regtech,nan,Circle lands $400m funding round featuring BlackRock  Fidelity #AAA Websites Euroclear Fintech https://t.co/DX0akfpdLl #regtech,neutral,0.02,0.96,0.02,neutral,0.02,0.96,0.02,True,English,"['$400m funding round', 'Circle', 'BlackRock', 'Fidelity', 'Fintech', 'DX0akfpdLl', 'regtech', '$400m funding round', 'Circle', 'BlackRock', 'Fidelity', 'Fintech', 'DX0akfpdLl', 'regtech']",2022-04-14,2022-04-15,Unknown
2912,Euroclear,Twitter API,Twitter,Wagestream secures $175m Series C funding to fuel expansion plans #AAA Websites Euroclear Fintech https://t.co/Uqnhpzx57e #regtech,nan,Wagestream secures $175m Series C funding to fuel expansion plans #AAA Websites Euroclear Fintech https://t.co/Uqnhpzx57e #regtech,neutral,0.02,0.97,0.01,neutral,0.02,0.97,0.01,True,English,"['$175m Series C funding', 'expansion plans', 'Wagestream', 'Fintech', 'co', 'Uqnhpzx57e', 'regtech', '$175m Series C funding', 'expansion plans', 'Wagestream', 'Fintech', 'co', 'Uqnhpzx57e', 'regtech']",2022-04-14,2022-04-15,Unknown
2913,Euroclear,Twitter API,Twitter,New UK fintech start-up GoSolo launches business account #AAA Websites Euroclear Fintech https://t.co/Z2XUKFxRFy #regtech,nan,New UK fintech start-up GoSolo launches business account #AAA Websites Euroclear Fintech https://t.co/Z2XUKFxRFy #regtech,neutral,0.01,0.98,0.01,neutral,0.01,0.98,0.01,True,English,"['New UK fintech start-up', 'business account', 'GoSolo', 'Z2XUKFxRFy', 'regtech', 'New UK fintech start-up', 'business account', 'GoSolo', 'Z2XUKFxRFy', 'regtech']",2022-04-14,2022-04-15,Unknown
2917,Clearstream,Google API,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2022/04/14/2423058/0/en/ClearStream-completes-Refinancing-of-Credit-Facility.html,ClearStream completes Refinancing of Credit Facility,1 day ago,CALGARY  Alberta  April 14  2022 (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) -- ClearStream Energy Services Inc. (“ClearStream” or the “Company”) (TSX: CSM) today announced that it has completed the refinancing of its asset-based revolving credit facility (the “Refinancing”). ClearStream established a new $25 million asset-based revolving credit facility with a three-year term (the “ABL Facility”) to replace its existing $15 million asset-based revolving credit facility that was to mature on April 14  2022 (the “Former ABL Facility”).ABL FacilityThe ABL Facility provides for maximum borrowings up to $25 million with The Toronto-Dominion Bank (the “Lender”). The amount available under the ABL Facility will vary from time to time based on the borrowing base determined with reference to the accounts receivable and inventories of ClearStream and certain of its subsidiaries. The obligations under the ABL Facility are secured by  among other things  a first ranking lien on all of the existing and after acquired accounts receivable and inventories of the Company and the other guarantors  being certain of the Company's direct and indirect subsidiaries. The maturity date of the ABL Facility is April 14  2025.The financial covenants applicable under the ABL Facility are: (a) the Company must maintain a fixed charge coverage ratio equal to or greater than 1.00:1.00 for each twelve month period calculated and tested as of the last day of each fiscal quarter; and (b) the Company must not expend or become obligated for any capital expenditures in an aggregate amount exceeding $10 million during any fiscal year.As at April 14  2022  no amounts were drawn on the ABL Facility.Term Loan FacilityPursuant to the terms of the Fifth Amended and Restated Credit Agreement dated March 23  2021 (the “Fifth ARCA”)  ClearStream had access to (a) the Former ABL Facility and (b) a term loan facility providing for maximum borrowings of up to $40.5 million (the “Term Loan Facility”) with Canso Investment Counsel Ltd.  in its capacity as portfolio manager for and on behalf of certain accounts that it manages (“Canso”).As a result of the Refinancing  the Fifth ARCA has been amended and restated by a Sixth Amended and Restated Credit Agreement (the “Sixth ARCA”) to  among other things: (a) remove the Former ABL Facility; (b) extend the maturity date of the Term Loan Facility from September 30  2022 to the date that is the earlier of (i) 180 days following the maturity date of the ABL Facility  (ii) October 14  2025  and (iii) the date on which the Term Loan Facility is terminated earlier pursuant to its terms; (c) change the interest rate charged on the Term Loan Facility to a fixed rate of 8% (previously a floating rate of prime plus 4.5%  increasing to prime plus 6.0% if the Former ABL Facility was more than 50% drawn); and (d) appoint Computershare Trust Company of Canada as administrative agent.The obligations under the Term Loan Facility are secured by  among other things  a lien on all of the existing and after acquired accounts receivable and inventories of the Company and the other guarantors  being certain of the Company's direct and indirect subsidiaries.As at April 14  2022  $40.5 million was outstanding under the Term Loan Facility. The Term Loan Facility is required to be used for specific purposes and cannot be redrawn once repaid.BDC Secured LoansOn June 26  2019  the Company received $19 million from two secured loans (the “BDC Loans”) with the Business Development Bank of Canada (“BDC”) as a partial source of funds for the acquisition of certain assets of the production services division of AECOM Production Services Ltd. (the “PSD Business”).The BDC Loans are secured by a first security interest on the real property and equipment acquired through the acquisition of the PSD Business and a security interest in all other present and future property  subject to the priorities granted to existing lenders under the ABL Facility  Senior Secured Debentures (as defined below) and other existing commitments.The loan agreements with BDC require the Company to maintain a fixed charge coverage ratio equal to or greater than 1.00:1.00 on annual basis.As at April 14  2022  $15.4 million was outstanding under the BDC Loans. No substantive amendments were made to the BDC Loans as a result of the Refinancing.Senior Secured DebenturesOn March 23  2016  ClearStream issued 8% senior secured debentures due March 23  2026 (the “Senior Secured Debentures”) on a private placement basis to Canso pursuant to a trust indenture between ClearStream  as issuer  and Computershare Trust Company of Canada  as debenture trustee  as amended and supplemented (the “Senior Secured Indenture”).The Senior Secured Debentures are secured by first-ranking liens over all of the property of the Company and its guarantor subsidiaries  other than certain limited classes of collateral over which the Company has granted a prior-ranking lien in favour of the ABL Facility  the Term Loan Facility and the BDC Loans.The Senior Secured Debentures provide for certain events of default and covenants of the Company  including financial and reporting covenants and restrictive covenants limiting the ability of the Company and its subsidiaries to make certain distributions and dispositions  incur indebtedness  grant liens and limitations with respect to acquisitions  mergers  investments  non-arm’s length transactions  reorganizations and hedging arrangements (subject to certain exceptions).As at April 14  2022  ClearStream had $111.2 million principal amount of 8% Senior Secured Debentures outstanding. As a result of the Refinancing  minor amendments were made to the Senior Secured Indenture to reflect the ABL Facility and the Sixth ARCA.Copies of the agreements governing the ABL Facility  the Term Loan Facility  the BDC Loans and the Senior Secured Debentures will be available shortly through SEDAR at www.sedar.com.About ClearStream Energy Services Inc.With a legacy of excellence and experience stretching back more than 50 years  ClearStream provides solutions to the Energy and Industrial markets including: Oil & Gas  Petrochemical  Mining  Power  Agriculture  Forestry  Infrastructure and Water Treatment. With offices strategically located across Canada and a dedicated workforce  we provide maintenance  construction  wear technology and environmental services that keep our clients moving forward. For more information about ClearStream  please visit www.clearstreamenergy.ca or contact:Randy WattChief Financial OfficerClearStream Energy Services Inc.(587) 318-0997rwatt@clearstreamenergy.ca Barry CardInterim Chief Executive OfficerClearStream Energy Services Inc.(587) 318-0997bcard@clearstreamenergy.caAdvisory Regarding Forward-Looking InformationCertain information included in this press release may constitute “forward-looking information” within the meaning of Canadian securities laws. In some cases  forward-looking information can be identified by terminology such as “may”  “will”  “should”  “expect”  “plan”  “anticipate”  “believe”  “estimate”  “predict”  “potential”  “continue” or the negative of these terms or other similar expressions concerning matters that are not historical facts. Specifically  this press release contains forward-looking information relating to: the refinancing of ClearStream’s asset-based revolving credit facility.Forward-looking information involves significant risks and uncertainties. A number of factors could cause actual events or results to differ materially from the events and results discussed in the forward-looking information  including  but not limited to  the success of our response to the COVID-19 global pandemic  risks related to the integration of acquired businesses  conditions of capital markets  economic conditions  commodity prices  dependence on key personnel  interest rates  regulatory change  ability to meet working capital requirements and capital expenditure needs  factors relating to the weather and availability of labour. These factors should not be considered exhaustive. Risks and uncertainties about ClearStream’s business are more fully discussed in ClearStream’s disclosure materials  including its annual information form and management’s discussion and analysis of the operating and financial results  filed with the securities regulatory authorities in Canada and available at www.sedar.com. In formulating the forward-looking information herein  management has assumed that business and economic conditions affecting ClearStream will continue substantially in the ordinary course  including  without limitation  with respect to general levels of economic activity  regulations  taxes and interest rates. Although the forward-looking information is based on what management of ClearStream consider to be reasonable assumptions based on information currently available to it  there can be no assurance that actual events or results will be consistent with this forward-looking information  and management’s assumptions may prove to be incorrect.This forward-looking information is made as of the date of this press release  and ClearStream does not assume any obligation to update or revise it to reflect new events or circumstances except as required by law. Undue reliance should not be placed on forward-looking information. Forward-looking information is provided for the purpose of providing information about management's current expectations and plans relating to the future. Readers are cautioned that such information may not be appropriate for other purposes.,neutral,0.05,0.91,0.04,neutral,0.02,0.89,0.09,True,English,"['Credit Facility', 'ClearStream', 'Refinancing', 'new $25 million asset-based revolving credit facility', 'existing $15 million asset-based revolving credit facility', 'fixed charge coverage ratio', 'AECOM Production Services Ltd', 'Canso Investment Counsel Ltd.', 'The Senior Secured Debentures', 'ClearStream Energy Services Inc.', 'The Term Loan Facility', 'Restated Credit Agreement', 'production services division', '8% senior secured debentures', 'The Toronto-Dominion Bank', 'Senior Secured Indenture', 'twelve month period', 'The ABL Facility', 'two secured loans', 'private placement basis', 'Business Development Bank', 'Former ABL Facility', 'first ranking lien', 'The BDC Loans', 'first security interest', 'other existing commitments', 'BDC Secured Loans', 'Computershare Trust Company', 'fixed rate', 'trust indenture', 'three-year term', 'loan agreements', 'existing lenders', 'annual basis', 'interest rate', 'PSD Business', 'other things', 'other guarantors', 'other present', 'GLOBE NEWSWIRE', 'maximum borrowings', 'borrowing base', 'financial covenants', 'last day', 'fiscal quarter', 'capital expenditures', 'fiscal year', 'Fifth Amended', 'Fifth ARCA', 'portfolio manager', 'Sixth Amended', 'Sixth ARCA', 'floating rate', 'administrative agent', 'specific purposes', 'partial source', 'substantive amendments', 'debenture trustee', 'first-ranking liens', 'limited classes', 'prior-ranking lien', 'indirect subsidiaries', 'guarantor subsidiaries', 'real property', 'future property', 'maturity date', 'accounts receivable', 'CALGARY', 'Alberta', 'April', 'TSX', 'CSM', 'refinancing', 'amount', 'time', 'reference', 'inventories', 'obligations', 'aggregate', 'terms', 'access', 'capacity', 'behalf', 'result', 'September', 'October', 'prime', 'Canada', 'June', 'funds', 'acquisition', 'assets', 'equipment', 'priorities', 'March', 'issuer', 'collateral', 'favour', 'events', 'default', '180']",2022-04-14,2022-04-15,globenewswire.com
2918,Clearstream,Google API,https://www.defenseworld.net/2022/04/14/head-to-head-comparison-forge-global-nysefrge-deutsche-borse-otcmktsdboey.html,Head-To-Head Comparison: Forge Global (NYSE:FRGE) & Deutsche Börse (OTCMKTS:DBOEY),1 day ago,Forge Global (NYSE:FRGE – Get Rating) and Deutsche Börse (OTCMKTS:DBOEY – Get Rating) are both finance companies  but which is the superior business? We will contrast the two businesses based on the strength of their institutional ownership  analyst recommendations  earnings  valuation  profitability  risk and dividends.Insider and Institutional OwnershipGet Forge Global alerts:73.8% of Forge Global shares are held by institutional investors. Comparatively  0.0% of Deutsche Börse shares are held by institutional investors. Strong institutional ownership is an indication that endowments  hedge funds and large money managers believe a stock is poised for long-term growth.This table compares Forge Global and Deutsche Börse’s net margins  return on equity and return on assets.Net Margins Return on Equity Return on Assets Forge Global N/A -46.73% 2.25% Deutsche Börse 27.59% 18.26% 0.72%Volatility and RiskForge Global has a beta of 2.78  indicating that its share price is 178% more volatile than the S&P 500. Comparatively  Deutsche Börse has a beta of 0.79  indicating that its share price is 21% less volatile than the S&P 500.Analyst RatingsThis is a breakdown of current ratings and price targets for Forge Global and Deutsche Börse  as provided by MarketBeat.com.Sell Ratings Hold Ratings Buy Ratings Strong Buy Ratings Rating Score Forge Global 0 0 0 0 N/A Deutsche Börse 0 4 4 0 2.50Deutsche Börse has a consensus price target of $163.73  suggesting a potential upside of 808.37%. Given Deutsche Börse’s higher possible upside  analysts plainly believe Deutsche Börse is more favorable than Forge Global.Valuation and EarningsThis table compares Forge Global and Deutsche Börse’s top-line revenue  earnings per share (EPS) and valuation.Gross Revenue Price/Sales Ratio Net Income Earnings Per Share Price/Earnings Ratio Forge Global N/A N/A $9.36 million N/A N/A Deutsche Börse $5.26 billion 6.51 $1.43 billion $0.77 23.41Deutsche Börse has higher revenue and earnings than Forge Global.SummaryDeutsche Börse beats Forge Global on 6 of the 9 factors compared between the two stocks.Forge Global Company Profile (Get Rating)Forge Global Holdings  Inc. provides marketplace infrastructure  data services  and technology solutions for private market participants. It enables private company shareholders to trade private company shares with accredited investors. The company was founded in 2014 and is based in San Francisco  California.Deutsche Börse Company Profile (Get Rating)Deutsche BÃ¶rse AG operates as an exchange organization in Europe  the United States  and the Asia-Pacific. The company operates through seven segments: Eurex (Financial Derivatives)  EEX (Commodities)  360T (Foreign Exchange)  Xetra (Cash Equities)  Clearstream (Post-Trading)  IFS (Investment Fund Services)  and Qontigo (index and analytics business). The company engages in the electronic trading of derivatives  electricity and gas products  emission rights  and foreign exchange; operating of Eurex Repo over the counter (OTC) trading platform and electronic clearing architecture; and operating as a central counterparty for on-and-off exchange derivatives  repo transactions  and OTC and exchange-traded derivatives. It also operates in the cash market through Xetra  BÃ¶rse Frankfurt  and Tradegate trading venues; operates as a central counterparty for equities and bonds; and provides listing services. In addition  the company offers custody and settlement services for securities; investment fund services; global securities financing services; and collateral management  as well as secured money  market transaction  and repos and securities lending transaction services. Further  it develops and markets indices  as well as portfolio management and risk analysis software; markets licenses for trading and market signals; provides technology and reporting solutions for external customers; and offers link-up of trading participants. Deutsche BÃ¶rse AG was founded in 1585 and is headquartered in Eschborn  Germany.Receive News & Ratings for Forge Global Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Forge Global and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.,neutral,0.01,0.98,0.01,negative,0.01,0.44,0.55,True,English,"['Deutsche Börse', 'Head Comparison', 'Forge Global', 'NYSE', 'FRGE', 'OTCMKTS', 'DBOEY', 'Strong Buy Ratings Rating Score Forge Global', 'Deutsche Börse Company Profile', 'FREE daily email newsletter', 'Deutsche BÃ¶rse AG', 'N/A Deutsche Börse', 'Deutsche Börse shares', 'securities lending transaction services', 'global securities financing services', 'Forge Global Company Profile', 'Get Forge Global alerts', 'Assets Forge Global N/A', 'Ratings Buy Ratings', 'Global N/A N/A', 'BÃ¶rse Frankfurt', 'Strong institutional ownership', 'Forge Global shares', 'Forge Global Daily', 'Investment Fund Services', 'Forge Global Holdings', 'private company shares', 'electronic clearing architecture', 'private company shareholders', 'consensus price target', 'concise daily summary', 'large money managers', 'higher possible upside', 'Tradegate trading venues', 'private market participants', 'Gross Revenue Price', 'risk analysis software', 'Net Income Earnings', 'Earnings Ratio Forge', 'Net Margins Return', 'Get Rating', 'market transaction', 'email address', 'data services', 'listing services', 'settlement services', 'higher revenue', 'Analyst Ratings', 'current ratings', 'Sell Ratings', 'potential upside', 'Sales Ratio', 'electronic trading', 'trading participants', 'price targets', 'top-line revenue', 'cash market', 'market signals', ""analysts' ratings"", 'institutional investors', 'share price', 'OTCMKTS:DBOEY', 'finance companies', 'superior business', 'two businesses', 'analyst recommendations', 'hedge funds', 'long-term growth', 'S&P 500', 'MarketBeat.com', 'two stocks', 'marketplace infrastructure', 'accredited investors', 'San Francisco', 'United States', 'seven segments', 'analytics business', 'gas products', 'emission rights', 'central counterparty', 'repo transactions', 'collateral management', 'portfolio management', 'reporting solutions', 'external customers', 'related companies', 'exchange organization', 'Foreign Exchange', 'Financial Derivatives', 'traded derivatives', 'exchange derivatives', 'technology solutions', 'Cash Equities', 'Eurex Repo', 'markets licenses', 'latest news', 'Equity Return', 'NYSE', 'FRGE', 'strength', 'valuation', 'profitability', 'dividends', 'Insider', 'indication', 'endowments', 'table', 'Volatility', 'beta', 'breakdown', 'EPS', '9 factors', 'California', 'Europe', 'Asia-Pacific', 'EEX', 'Commodities', '360T', 'Xetra', 'Clearstream', 'Post-Trading', 'IFS', 'Qontigo', 'index', 'electricity', 'operating', 'bonds', 'addition', 'custody', 'secured', 'repos', 'indices', 'link-up', 'Eschborn', 'Germany']",2022-04-14,2022-04-15,defenseworld.net
2922,Clearstream,Twitter API,Twitter,ClearStream completes Refinancing of Credit Facility https://t.co/0jU7hWF8xj,nan,ClearStream completes Refinancing of Credit Facility https://t.co/0jU7hWF8xj,neutral,0.02,0.96,0.03,neutral,0.02,0.96,0.03,True,English,"['Credit Facility', 'ClearStream', 'Refinancing', 'Credit Facility', 'ClearStream', 'Refinancing']",2022-04-14,2022-04-15,Unknown
2923,Clearstream,Twitter API,Twitter,.@FNZ_Group and @Clearstream join forces for transparency in asset managementRead the full story here:… https://t.co/DZbAOFe7sV,nan,.@FNZ_Group and @Clearstream join forces for transparency in asset managementRead the full story here:… https://t.co/DZbAOFe7sV,neutral,0.05,0.9,0.05,neutral,0.05,0.9,0.05,True,English,"['asset management', 'full story', 'FNZ_Group', 'forces', 'transparency', 'DZbAOFe7sV', 'asset management', 'full story', 'FNZ_Group', 'forces', 'transparency', 'DZbAOFe7sV']",2022-04-14,2022-04-15,Unknown
2924,Clearstream,Twitter API,Twitter,Thanks to @futurism for naming our ClearStream 4V the Best Overall Outdoor #TVAntenna! See how our antennas compare… https://t.co/TGPASb4eNS,nan,Thanks to @futurism for naming our ClearStream 4V the Best Overall Outdoor #TVAntenna! See how our antennas compare… https://t.co/TGPASb4eNS,positive,0.99,0.01,0.0,positive,0.99,0.01,0.0,True,English,"['ClearStream 4V', 'Outdoor', 'TVAntenna', 'antennas', 'TGPASb4eNS', 'ClearStream 4V', 'Outdoor', 'TVAntenna', 'antennas', 'TGPASb4eNS']",2022-04-14,2022-04-15,Unknown
2925,Clearstream,Twitter API,Twitter,.@FNZ_Group and @Clearstream join forces for transparency in asset managementRead the full story here:… https://t.co/Nk4rWzPsOn,nan,.@FNZ_Group and @Clearstream join forces for transparency in asset managementRead the full story here:… https://t.co/Nk4rWzPsOn,neutral,0.04,0.91,0.05,neutral,0.04,0.91,0.05,True,English,"['asset management', 'full story', 'FNZ_Group', 'forces', 'transparency', 'Nk4rWzPsOn', 'asset management', 'full story', 'FNZ_Group', 'forces', 'transparency', 'Nk4rWzPsOn']",2022-04-14,2022-04-15,Unknown
2926,Clearstream,Twitter API,Twitter,.@FNZ_Group and @Clearstream join forces for transparency in asset managementRead the full story here:… https://t.co/ATJGIG0AJv,nan,.@FNZ_Group and @Clearstream join forces for transparency in asset managementRead the full story here:… https://t.co/ATJGIG0AJv,neutral,0.05,0.9,0.05,neutral,0.05,0.9,0.05,True,English,"['asset management', 'full story', 'FNZ_Group', 'forces', 'transparency', 'ATJGIG0AJv', 'asset management', 'full story', 'FNZ_Group', 'forces', 'transparency', 'ATJGIG0AJv']",2022-04-14,2022-04-15,Unknown
2927,Clearstream,Twitter API,Twitter,.@FNZ_Group and @Clearstream join forces for transparency in asset managementRead the full story here:… https://t.co/4939hyCUSU,nan,.@FNZ_Group and @Clearstream join forces for transparency in asset managementRead the full story here:… https://t.co/4939hyCUSU,neutral,0.05,0.91,0.05,neutral,0.05,0.91,0.05,True,English,"['asset management', 'full story', 'FNZ_Group', 'forces', 'transparency', '4939hyCUSU', 'asset management', 'full story', 'FNZ_Group', 'forces', 'transparency', '4939hyCUSU']",2022-04-14,2022-04-15,Unknown
2928,Clearstream,Twitter API,Twitter,FinanceMagnates: Clearstream and FNZ Develop Strategic Partnership https://t.co/8zy8zjVsH2,nan,FinanceMagnates: Clearstream and FNZ Develop Strategic Partnership https://t.co/8zy8zjVsH2,neutral,0.03,0.95,0.01,neutral,0.03,0.95,0.01,True,English,"['FNZ Develop', 'Strategic Partnership', 'FinanceMagnates', 'Clearstream', '8zy8zjVsH2', 'FNZ Develop', 'Strategic Partnership', 'FinanceMagnates', 'Clearstream', '8zy8zjVsH2']",2022-04-14,2022-04-15,Unknown
2929,Deutsche Boerse,NewsApi.org,https://seekingalpha.com/article/4501363-clearbridge-international-growth-eafe-strategy-portfolio-manager-commentary-q1-2022,ClearBridge International Growth EAFE Strategy Portfolio Manager Commentary Q1 2022,The ClearBridge International Growth EAFE Strategy underperformed its benchmark during Q1. Click here to know who the primary contributors & detractors were.,Petmal/iStock via Getty ImagesMarket OverviewInternational equities were faced with numerous risks in the first quarter  ranging from resurging COVID-19 cases in large geographies like China to inflation and potential monetary tightening globally  before Russia’s invasion of Ukraine on February 24 overshadowed all else. Europe was most directly impacted by the conflict as crude oil and natural gas prices spiked and already-challenged supply chains were further pressured. The benchmark MSCI EAFE Index declined 5.91% while the MSCI Emerging Markets Index fell 6.97%. Large cap equities held up better than small caps with the MSCI EAFE Small Cap Index giving back 8.53%. More importantly  value outperformed growth by substantial margins with the MSCI EAFE Value Index gaining 0.33% for the period while the MSCI EAFE Growth Index declined 11.94%.One of the key drivers of the rotation from growth to value stocks was action in the bond market. A significant rise in long-term bond yields reflected heightened inflationary pressures in the global economy and the outlook for tighter monetary policy. Higher rates are typically a short-term headwind to long-duration assets such as growth stocks. And while  in the longer run  high-quality growth stocks can typically pass on inflation  the sudden and sharp spike in bond yields puts pressure on near-term valuations.Exhibit 1: MSCI Growth vs. Value PerformanceThere has been a lot of debate about whether inflation is as permanent post-COVID. A certain amount of inventory restocking was needed to cure supply chain disruptions impacted by frictional costs and labor shortages. Manufacturing finally seemed to have found its footing and ports were reopening. China  the world’s largest consumer of commodity goods  has been easing economic policies for some time to tackle a broad real estate problem and navigate further COVID-19 lockdowns continuing to slow its economy. These actions should have ameliorated significant commodity pressures -- until war broke out. Coupled with the potential for Russia to now control significant parts of the food supply output and other key materials and minerals  the calculus shifted overnight.Under these conditions  the ClearBridge International Growth EAFE Strategy underperformed its core MSCI EAFE Index benchmark. This is to be expected but doesn’t mean we are satisfied with the results. Our observation is that in these types of markets  the Strategy tends to underperform until more balance is achieved in the market between growth and value. Simplistically  the index is a blend of both value and growth stocks. However  similar to the first quarter of 2021 (Exhibit 1) — when the value component outperformed so meaningfully — it remains tilted to whatever is doing the best  and this quarter it was value. In virtually every sector  the stocks we identify most as value did the best.On a sector and industry basis  energy (+16.98%)  materials (+3.30%) and defense (+4.63%)  given the invasion impact  did well. We evaluate and own these types of stocks within our structural bucket if we believe they will see a step change in forward returns at attractive valuations. We began to buy energy last year and that has worked well for the portfolio more recently. While the structural bucket is a component of our diversified approach to growth  the portfolio also remains invested in growth companies with a significant overweight to information technology (IT); these names underperformed in a narrow  one- sided value market.Europe and the U.K.  which represent the Strategy’s largest regional exposures  were a microcosm of these cross currents. Early in the first quarter  economies were still influenced by COVID-19  but a peak in cases was in sight and reopening was underway. Markets played the improvements  rates moved moderately  consumer spending picked up and services like travel recovered from depressed levels. War in Ukraine changed the picture dramatically. Inflation picked up even further  driven by higher natural gas  oil and agricultural commodity prices  which will be passed on to the consumer. Germany's inflation passed the 7% level last seen after the 1990 reunification. The war has caused manufacturing and consumer sentiment to plunge.While natural gas is still flowing from Russia to Europe  there are discussions that could change this. Germany  a massive importer of oil and gas  is currently in Stage 1 monitoring of energy usage and asking customers to monitor usage. A serious reduction or complete shut off of Russian gas could lead to a recession in Europe  which is the growing consensus view. We don’t agree  however  as we believe Europe has the support structures and spending capacity to keep the incipient post-COVID-19 recovery intact. The telltale signs of recession  such as European credit spreads widening  have not happened.Positively  the urgency of energy security has accelerated spending on renewable energy. The EU commission has proposed a new measure regarding energy security and plans to reduce European dependence on Russian natural gas. REPowerEU emphasizes two pillars in order to reduce reliance on Russian gas and drive resilience: diversifying gas supplies  mostly via higher liquified natural gas imports; and more rapidly reducing fossil fuel use by boosting energy efficiency while increasing renewables and electrification. Many wind and solar projects will accelerate with easier permitting and financing.The Strategy is well-exposed to this secular shift and to accelerated spending on alternative energy sourcing and generation. Growth in renewables should benefit EDP (OTCMKTS:EDRVF)  an operator of wind farms for power generation  and SolarEdge (SEDG)  a company we repurchased on weakness in the first quarter that develops electronics for solar installations and should take advantage of greater incentives for solar installations in many geographies. The company has expanded its products offering to address larger markets in commercial and utility solar on top of its traditional residential solar market. The acceleration in electrification of transport should support electric vehicle-related stocks like TE Connectivity (TEL) and Nidec (OTCMKTS:NJDCY). In addition  industrial manufacturer Atlas Copco (OTCMKTS:ATLKY) should benefit from demand for greater efficiency in mid-voltage applications such as energy- efficient compressors.The conflict could also boost the trend toward reshoring or near- shoring supply chains and production. Market worries about China’s intentions toward Taiwan  which could alter the global balance of power in semiconductors  have hastened the near- shoring of semi production globally. Such growing risks are hastening the need to build new capacity in Eastern Europe  Canada and Mexico  and they should result in a positive  multiyear  capex-heavy trend for Western companies. Such a transition would most directly benefit the Strategy’s structural growth companies  a bucket we have been increasing (and that now accounts for more than 40% of portfolio assets) to better manage the volatile risk/reward environment in international markets.Portfolio PositioningWe initiated a position in exchange operator Deutsche Boerse (OTCMKTS: BOEY)  a company with higher rate sensitivity and a higher orientation toward financial data. It operates a fund administration business with recurring revenues that have allowed these non-transaction divisions to do well. We also added Canadian Imperial Bank of Commerce (CM)  which should benefit from a consolidating bank market and higher rates as Canada catches up with the U.S. in terms of reopening and GDP growth recovery.These recent adds complement our financials exposure in Europe. While sensitive to the macro environment  European banks have already taken a serious hit and trade at levels implying stagflation or a technical recession. Higher rates will help the banks and their capital levels are high across the entire sector. Provisioning reserve releases are unlikely from here and perhaps faster buildup is needed again for future losses in the years to come  but we believe these headwinds are already priced in.Also within the structural bucket  we have selectively added to our commodity exposure with the purchases of Suncor Energy (SU) and Barrick Gold (GOLD). Suncor  a past holding  is a Canadian integrated oil company where we capitalized on attractive valuation due to a COVID-19-induced slowdown. We expect recovery in oil demand and strong pricing will result in faster than expected free cash flow growth and financial deleveraging. Canadian mining company Barrick Gold is a play on operating improvements. The company has aggressively delevered its balance sheet and reduced capex spending to a lower level more permanently  directing its healthy free cash flow to dividends and buybacks.The structural bucket has the shortest investment horizon across the spectrum of growth companies we target in the Strategy. We closely monitor the macro impacts and turnaround progress of these companies and will be disciplined sellers when the thesis for a holding plays out.Most of our selling over the last several quarters has occurred among emerging growth companies  where we have reduced our exposure to under 5% to better manage risk. Exits from the emerging growth bucket in the quarter included ending our multiyear ownership of Shopify (SHOP) as e-commerce acceleration drove the valuation close to our target price. The Canadian company  which we originally purchased in mid-2018 as merchants began to adopt its digital commerce enablement tools  has also embarked on more capital-intensive projects in logistics that are increasing its risk profile. We sold our remaining position in Sea Ltd. (SE) after the company issued below- consensus guidance due to a slowdown in its gaming business coupled with a second miss in its e-commerce business due to the pull-forward effects of the pandemic and continued difficult comps. Latin America e-commerce platform MercadoLibre (MELI) has also experienced an unwind of COVID-19-induced demand while high inflation and high interest rates in Brazil create new headwinds for consumer purchasing power  which will likely mean slower sales of high-ticket items on the company’s platform and led to the sale of the position.Most of our reductions in emerging growth have involved IT or related companies where innovation is a key to their business model. That said  we remain positive on the IT sector and have largely maintained holdings in our highest-conviction ideas.During the quarter  we reduced our semiconductor exposure through the sale of Tokyo Electron (OTCMKTS:TOELY) and a trim of ASML (ASML) to manage concerns of a slowdown due to the risk of double ordering and potential softness in some consumer end markets. We increased our position in IT services as we remain optimistic about the long- term growth potential these companies provide  which is underpinned by the compressed digital transformation cycle  rising cloud adoption and growth in data-driven insights. This included initiating a small position in French design software firm Dassault Systèmes (DSY).Despite the market volatility and hyper focus on rising rates  chief information officer surveys continue to forecast resilience in IT budgets this year. Growth in IT spending for 2022 is expected to remain above the 10-year pre-COVID-19 average  according to Morgan Stanley. We believe this is a result of the strong secular underpinnings brought on by digital transformation and businesses focusing on increasing efficiencies through technology.New addition Olympus (OTCMKTS:OCPNY)  a Japanese precision equipment and medical device maker  is a good example. The company is the number one player in gastrointestinal endoscopy with 70% market share with an entrenched moat. Its therapeutic solutions division should continue to scale with new product investments in high-growth areas  coupled with improvement in procedural volumes from COVID-19 recovery. We are also seeing progress in a restructuring plan that will create a streamlined global medical technology company with improving profitability and a reliable governance structure.OutlookWe continue to invest for the long term and are willing to endure volatility as long as our secular thesis for owning a company has not been impacted. The post-COVID-19 hangover for our emerging growth bucket has been very tough  but we understand the risks  have culled the portfolio of several challenged stocks and see a way back for disruptive growth names.From a regional standpoint  we continue to see promise in Europe and are increasing our exposure to regions like Canada through companies well-suited for developing trends around energy security and supply chains. While headline inflation remains high across Europe  the region does not face the same wage pressures as the U.S.  which could temper the increasing hawkish stance of policymakers once the Ukraine situation becomes more settled.Without question  higher energy and agricultural commodity prices creates new challenges for emerging markets  where we greatly reduced exposure in 2021. We expect continued volatility around both economic performance and political change to remain a feature of these markets.Heightened levels of uncertainty remain across international markets. In Asia  COVID-19 has become a significant risk again  not only in mainland China but also markets where Chinese tourists drive retail spending like Japan and Europe. Currencies are also in flux  with the yen  typically a port in the storm  the worst-performing developed market currency for the quarter. We believe our risk-aware approach to growth investing  emphasizing quality companies with pricing power  can provide balance as the global economy continues to work through these myriad uncertainties. It has been well-documented how tightening cycles hurt long-duration growth assets. As the Bank of England moves ahead with further tightening similar to the U.S. Fed and the ECB contemplates its own monetary actions  it is also worth noting that growth equities tend to outperform value once a tightening cycle is underway (Exhibit 2).Exhibit 2: Growth Leads Out of Tightening CyclesPortfolio HighlightsDuring the first quarter  the ClearBridge International Growth EAFE Strategy underperformed its MSCI EAFE Index benchmark. The Strategy had losses across nine of the 10 sectors in which it was invested (out of 11 total)  driven by the subsector and stock- specific allocations toward growth areas versus the benchmark. IT  health care and industrials sectors were the primary detractors while the energy sector was the sole contributor.On a relative basis  overall stock selection and sector allocation detracted from performance. An overweight to the IT sector was the primary detractor  and we continue to work down this overweight.Stock selection in the materials sector  hurt by our lack of metals and mining stocks  also had a negative impact on results  as did selection in health care  where an underweight to large cap pharma names and overweight in life science/tools company and more consistently growing medtech names proved detrimental. Stock selection in industrials was hurt by an overweight to machinery and underweight to defense. Within financials  our underweight to banks was a primary detractor with markets such as Japan and Australia outperforming Europe. On the positive side  stock selection in energy and an underweight to the consumer discretionary sector aided performance.On a regional basis  stock selection in Europe Ex U.K.  Japan and the U.K. and an underweight to Asia Ex Japan  primarily Australia with its large components of both mining and bank stocks  detracted the most from performance.On an individual stock basis  the largest contributors to absolute returns in the quarter included Schlumberger (SLB)  Canadian Pacific Railway (CP)  Novo Nordisk (NVO)  London Stock Exchange (OTCMKTS:LDNXF) and Monotaro (OTCMKTS:MONOY). The greatest detractors from absolute returns included positions in Recruit Holdings (OTCMKTS:RCRUY)  Keyence (OTCMKTS:KYCCF)  TE Connectivity  ICON (ICON) and Atlas Copco.In addition to the transactions mentioned above  we sold KBC Group (OTCMKTS:KBCSY) in the financials sector and Temenos (OTCMKTS:TMSNY) in the IT sector  while trimming Ocado Group (OTCMKTS:OCDGF) in the consumer discretionary.Editor's Note: The summary bullets for this article were chosen by Seeking Alpha editors.,neutral,0.02,0.97,0.01,mixed,0.17,0.16,0.67,True,English,"['ClearBridge International Growth EAFE Strategy Portfolio Manager Commentary', 'core MSCI EAFE Index benchmark', 'narrow, one- sided value market', 'MSCI EAFE Small Cap Index', 'ClearBridge International Growth EAFE Strategy', 'benchmark MSCI EAFE Index', 'broad real estate problem', 'Getty Images Market Overview', 'MSCI EAFE Growth Index', 'MSCI EAFE Value Index', 'MSCI Emerging Markets Index', 'challenged supply chains', 'Large cap equities', 'heightened inflationary pressures', 'tighter monetary policy', 'supply chain disruptions', 'food supply output', 'complete shut off', 'growing consensus view', 'incipient post-COVID-19 recovery', 'agricultural commodity prices', 'largest regional exposures', 'European credit spreads', 'natural gas prices', 'potential monetary tightening', 'significant commodity pressures', 'long-term bond yields', 'higher natural gas', 'Russian natural gas', 'other key materials', 'high-quality growth stocks', 'MSCI Growth', 'International equities', 'small caps', 'bond market', 'Russian gas', 'commodity goods', 'large geographies', 'key drivers', 'European dependence', 'significant rise', 'largest consumer', 'significant parts', 'significant overweight', 'growth companies', 'numerous risks', 'substantial margins', 'Higher rates', 'short-term headwind', 'long-duration assets', 'longer run', 'sharp spike', 'near-term valuations', 'Value Performance', 'inventory restocking', 'frictional costs', 'labor shortages', 'economic policies', 'COVID-19 lockdowns', 'industry basis', 'structural bucket', 'step change', 'forward returns', 'attractive valuations', 'diversified approach', 'information technology', 'U.K.', 'cross currents', 'depressed levels', 'massive importer', 'Stage 1 monitoring', 'serious reduction', 'support structures', 'telltale signs', 'EU commission', 'new measure', 'value stocks', 'first quarter', 'consumer sentiment', 'spending capacity', 'energy security', 'renewable energy', 'COVID-19 cases', 'global economy', 'value component', 'invasion impact', 'consumer spending', 'crude oil', 'energy usage', 'Petmal', 'iStock', 'China', 'Ukraine', 'February', 'conflict', 'period', 'rotation', 'action', 'outlook', 'sudden', 'Exhibit', 'lot', 'debate', 'amount', 'Manufacturing', 'footing', 'ports', 'world', 'minerals', 'calculus', 'conditions', 'results', 'observation', 'types', 'balance', 'blend', 'sector', 'defense', 'portfolio', 'names', 'microcosm', 'economies', 'peak', 'sight', 'reopening', 'improvements', 'services', 'travel', 'picture', 'Germany', '7% level', '1990 reunification', 'discussions', 'customers', 'recession', 'urgency', 'plans']",2022-04-14,2022-04-15,seekingalpha.com
2931,Deutsche Boerse,Google API,https://www.defenseworld.net/2022/04/14/deutsche-borse-etrdb1-given-a-177-00-price-target-at-warburg-research.html,Deutsche Börse (ETR:DB1) Given a €177.00 Price Target at Warburg Research,1 day ago,Deutsche Börse (ETR:DB1 – Get Rating) has been given a €177.00 ($192.39) price target by stock analysts at Warburg Research in a research note issued on Thursday  Borsen Zeitung reports. Warburg Research’s price target would suggest a potential upside of 6.63% from the company’s current price.A number of other brokerages also recently issued reports on DB1. Credit Suisse Group set a €164.00 ($178.26) price target on Deutsche Börse in a research report on Thursday  April 7th. JPMorgan Chase & Co. set a €190.00 ($206.52) target price on Deutsche Börse in a research note on Tuesday  February 15th. Jefferies Financial Group set a €192.00 ($208.70) target price on Deutsche Börse in a report on Monday. Barclays set a €165.00 ($179.35) price target on Deutsche Börse in a report on Thursday  February 10th. Finally  Deutsche Bank Aktiengesellschaft set a €184.00 ($200.00) price objective on Deutsche Börse in a research report on Wednesday  March 9th. Six investment analysts have rated the stock with a hold rating and four have issued a buy rating to the stock. According to data from MarketBeat.com  the stock has an average rating of “Hold” and a consensus target price of €170.15 ($184.94).Get Deutsche Börse alerts:Deutsche Börse stock opened at €166.00 ($180.43) on Thursday. The firm has a 50 day moving average of €156.74 and a 200 day moving average of €150.28. The firm has a market capitalization of $30.48 billion and a price-to-earnings ratio of 25.23. Deutsche Börse has a 12-month low of €132.65 ($144.18) and a 12-month high of €166.30 ($180.76). The company has a current ratio of 1.00  a quick ratio of 0.07 and a debt-to-equity ratio of 81.68.Deutsche BÃ¶rse AG operates as an exchange organization in Europe  the United States  and the Asia-Pacific. The company operates through seven segments: Eurex (Financial Derivatives)  EEX (Commodities)  360T (Foreign Exchange)  Xetra (Cash Equities)  Clearstream (Post-Trading)  IFS (Investment Fund Services)  and Qontigo (index and analytics business).Further ReadingReceive News & Ratings for Deutsche Börse Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Deutsche Börse and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.,neutral,0.01,0.95,0.04,neutral,0.02,0.91,0.07,True,English,"['Deutsche Börse', '€177.00 Price Target', 'Warburg Research', 'ETR', 'FREE daily email newsletter', 'Deutsche Börse alerts', 'Deutsche BÃ¶rse AG', 'Deutsche Börse Daily', 'Deutsche Börse stock', 'concise daily summary', 'Deutsche Bank Aktiengesellschaft', 'Credit Suisse Group', 'Investment Fund Services', '50 day moving average', '200 day moving average', 'Jefferies Financial Group', 'Six investment analysts', 'consensus target price', 'email address', 'average rating', 'Financial Derivatives', 'Get Rating', 'Warburg Research', 'research note', 'Borsen Zeitung', 'potential upside', 'other brokerages', 'JPMorgan Chase', 'buy rating', 'MarketBeat.com', 'market capitalization', 'earnings ratio', '12-month low', '12-month high', 'current ratio', 'quick ratio', 'equity ratio', 'exchange organization', 'United States', 'seven segments', 'Foreign Exchange', 'Cash Equities', 'analytics business', 'related companies', '39) price target', 'current price', 'price objective', 'research report', 'hold rating', 'latest news', ""analysts' ratings"", 'ETR', 'DB1', 'Thursday', 'company', 'number', 'reports', 'April', 'Co.', 'Tuesday', 'February', 'Monday', 'Barclays', 'Wednesday', 'March', 'data', 'firm', 'debt', 'Europe', 'Asia-Pacific', 'Eurex', 'EEX', 'Commodities', '360T', 'Clearstream', 'Post-Trading', 'IFS', 'Qontigo', 'index', 'Reading', '€']",2022-04-14,2022-04-15,defenseworld.net
2933,Deutsche Boerse,Google API,https://www.defenseworld.net/2022/04/14/jpmorgan-chase-190-00-price-target.html,JPMorgan Chase & Co. Analysts Give Deutsche Börse (ETR:DB1) a €190.00 Price Target,1 day ago,Deutsche Börse (ETR:DB1 – Get Rating) has been assigned a €190.00 ($206.52) price objective by investment analysts at JPMorgan Chase & Co. in a research note issued on Thursday  Borsen Zeitung reports. JPMorgan Chase & Co.‘s price objective would indicate a potential upside of 14.46% from the company’s previous close.A number of other analysts also recently issued reports on the stock. UBS Group set a €185.00 ($201.09) price target on shares of Deutsche Börse in a report on Thursday  April 7th. Deutsche Bank Aktiengesellschaft set a €184.00 ($200.00) price target on shares of Deutsche Börse in a report on Wednesday  March 9th. Credit Suisse Group set a €164.00 ($178.26) price objective on shares of Deutsche Börse in a research report on Thursday  April 7th. Barclays set a €165.00 ($179.35) price objective on shares of Deutsche Börse in a research report on Thursday  February 10th. Finally  Berenberg Bank set a €160.00 ($173.91) price objective on shares of Deutsche Börse in a research report on Thursday  February 10th. Six equities research analysts have rated the stock with a hold rating and four have assigned a buy rating to the stock. According to MarketBeat  the company presently has an average rating of “Hold” and an average price target of €170.15 ($184.94).Get Deutsche Börse alerts:DB1 stock opened at €166.00 ($180.43) on Thursday. The company has a market cap of $30.48 billion and a price-to-earnings ratio of 25.23. The company has a current ratio of 1.00  a quick ratio of 0.07 and a debt-to-equity ratio of 81.68. Deutsche Börse has a 12 month low of €132.65 ($144.18) and a 12 month high of €166.30 ($180.76). The firm has a 50-day moving average of €156.74 and a two-hundred day moving average of €150.28.Deutsche BÃ¶rse AG operates as an exchange organization in Europe  the United States  and the Asia-Pacific. The company operates through seven segments: Eurex (Financial Derivatives)  EEX (Commodities)  360T (Foreign Exchange)  Xetra (Cash Equities)  Clearstream (Post-Trading)  IFS (Investment Fund Services)  and Qontigo (index and analytics business).Featured ArticlesReceive News & Ratings for Deutsche Börse Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Deutsche Börse and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.,neutral,0.01,0.96,0.03,neutral,0.02,0.9,0.08,True,English,"['Deutsche Börse', 'JPMorgan Chase', 'Co. Analysts', '0.00 Price Target', 'ETR', 'FREE daily email newsletter', 'two-hundred day moving average', 'Deutsche Börse alerts', 'Deutsche BÃ¶rse AG', 'Deutsche Börse Daily', 'Six equities research analysts', 'concise daily summary', '50-day moving average', 'Deutsche Bank Aktiengesellschaft', 'Credit Suisse Group', 'Investment Fund Services', 'average price target', 'investment analysts', 'average rating', 'Cash Equities', 'email address', 'other analysts', 'UBS Group', 'Berenberg Bank', 'research note', '9) price target', 'Get Rating', 'JPMorgan Chase', 'Borsen Zeitung', 'potential upside', 'previous close', 'research report', 'buy rating', 'market cap', 'earnings ratio', 'current ratio', 'quick ratio', 'equity ratio', 'exchange organization', 'United States', 'seven segments', 'Financial Derivatives', 'Foreign Exchange', 'analytics business', 'Featured Articles', ""analysts' ratings"", 'related companies', 'price objective', 'hold rating', 'latest news', 'MarketBeat.com', 'DB1 stock', 'ETR', 'Co.', 'Thursday', 'company', 'number', 'reports', 'shares', 'April', 'Wednesday', 'March', 'Barclays', 'February', 'debt', '12 month', 'firm', 'Europe', 'Asia-Pacific', 'Eurex', 'EEX', 'Commodities', '360T', 'Clearstream', 'Post-Trading', 'IFS', 'Qontigo', 'index', '€', '14.', '00']",2022-04-14,2022-04-15,defenseworld.net
2934,Deutsche Boerse,Google API,https://www.defenseworld.net/2022/04/14/head-to-head-comparison-forge-global-nysefrge-deutsche-borse-otcmktsdboey.html,Head-To-Head Comparison: Forge Global (NYSE:FRGE) & Deutsche Börse (OTCMKTS:DBOEY),1 day ago,Forge Global (NYSE:FRGE – Get Rating) and Deutsche Börse (OTCMKTS:DBOEY – Get Rating) are both finance companies  but which is the superior business? We will contrast the two businesses based on the strength of their institutional ownership  analyst recommendations  earnings  valuation  profitability  risk and dividends.Insider and Institutional OwnershipGet Forge Global alerts:73.8% of Forge Global shares are held by institutional investors. Comparatively  0.0% of Deutsche Börse shares are held by institutional investors. Strong institutional ownership is an indication that endowments  hedge funds and large money managers believe a stock is poised for long-term growth.This table compares Forge Global and Deutsche Börse’s net margins  return on equity and return on assets.Net Margins Return on Equity Return on Assets Forge Global N/A -46.73% 2.25% Deutsche Börse 27.59% 18.26% 0.72%Volatility and RiskForge Global has a beta of 2.78  indicating that its share price is 178% more volatile than the S&P 500. Comparatively  Deutsche Börse has a beta of 0.79  indicating that its share price is 21% less volatile than the S&P 500.Analyst RatingsThis is a breakdown of current ratings and price targets for Forge Global and Deutsche Börse  as provided by MarketBeat.com.Sell Ratings Hold Ratings Buy Ratings Strong Buy Ratings Rating Score Forge Global 0 0 0 0 N/A Deutsche Börse 0 4 4 0 2.50Deutsche Börse has a consensus price target of $163.73  suggesting a potential upside of 808.37%. Given Deutsche Börse’s higher possible upside  analysts plainly believe Deutsche Börse is more favorable than Forge Global.Valuation and EarningsThis table compares Forge Global and Deutsche Börse’s top-line revenue  earnings per share (EPS) and valuation.Gross Revenue Price/Sales Ratio Net Income Earnings Per Share Price/Earnings Ratio Forge Global N/A N/A $9.36 million N/A N/A Deutsche Börse $5.26 billion 6.51 $1.43 billion $0.77 23.41Deutsche Börse has higher revenue and earnings than Forge Global.SummaryDeutsche Börse beats Forge Global on 6 of the 9 factors compared between the two stocks.Forge Global Company Profile (Get Rating)Forge Global Holdings  Inc. provides marketplace infrastructure  data services  and technology solutions for private market participants. It enables private company shareholders to trade private company shares with accredited investors. The company was founded in 2014 and is based in San Francisco  California.Deutsche Börse Company Profile (Get Rating)Deutsche BÃ¶rse AG operates as an exchange organization in Europe  the United States  and the Asia-Pacific. The company operates through seven segments: Eurex (Financial Derivatives)  EEX (Commodities)  360T (Foreign Exchange)  Xetra (Cash Equities)  Clearstream (Post-Trading)  IFS (Investment Fund Services)  and Qontigo (index and analytics business). The company engages in the electronic trading of derivatives  electricity and gas products  emission rights  and foreign exchange; operating of Eurex Repo over the counter (OTC) trading platform and electronic clearing architecture; and operating as a central counterparty for on-and-off exchange derivatives  repo transactions  and OTC and exchange-traded derivatives. It also operates in the cash market through Xetra  BÃ¶rse Frankfurt  and Tradegate trading venues; operates as a central counterparty for equities and bonds; and provides listing services. In addition  the company offers custody and settlement services for securities; investment fund services; global securities financing services; and collateral management  as well as secured money  market transaction  and repos and securities lending transaction services. Further  it develops and markets indices  as well as portfolio management and risk analysis software; markets licenses for trading and market signals; provides technology and reporting solutions for external customers; and offers link-up of trading participants. Deutsche BÃ¶rse AG was founded in 1585 and is headquartered in Eschborn  Germany.Receive News & Ratings for Forge Global Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Forge Global and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.,neutral,0.01,0.98,0.01,negative,0.01,0.44,0.55,True,English,"['Deutsche Börse', 'Head Comparison', 'Forge Global', 'NYSE', 'FRGE', 'OTCMKTS', 'DBOEY', 'Strong Buy Ratings Rating Score Forge Global', 'Deutsche Börse Company Profile', 'FREE daily email newsletter', 'Deutsche BÃ¶rse AG', 'N/A Deutsche Börse', 'Deutsche Börse shares', 'securities lending transaction services', 'global securities financing services', 'Forge Global Company Profile', 'Get Forge Global alerts', 'Assets Forge Global N/A', 'Ratings Buy Ratings', 'Global N/A N/A', 'BÃ¶rse Frankfurt', 'Strong institutional ownership', 'Forge Global shares', 'Forge Global Daily', 'Investment Fund Services', 'Forge Global Holdings', 'private company shares', 'electronic clearing architecture', 'private company shareholders', 'consensus price target', 'concise daily summary', 'large money managers', 'higher possible upside', 'Tradegate trading venues', 'private market participants', 'Gross Revenue Price', 'risk analysis software', 'Net Income Earnings', 'Earnings Ratio Forge', 'Net Margins Return', 'Get Rating', 'market transaction', 'email address', 'data services', 'listing services', 'settlement services', 'higher revenue', 'Analyst Ratings', 'current ratings', 'Sell Ratings', 'potential upside', 'Sales Ratio', 'electronic trading', 'trading participants', 'price targets', 'top-line revenue', 'cash market', 'market signals', ""analysts' ratings"", 'institutional investors', 'share price', 'OTCMKTS:DBOEY', 'finance companies', 'superior business', 'two businesses', 'analyst recommendations', 'hedge funds', 'long-term growth', 'S&P 500', 'MarketBeat.com', 'two stocks', 'marketplace infrastructure', 'accredited investors', 'San Francisco', 'United States', 'seven segments', 'analytics business', 'gas products', 'emission rights', 'central counterparty', 'repo transactions', 'collateral management', 'portfolio management', 'reporting solutions', 'external customers', 'related companies', 'exchange organization', 'Foreign Exchange', 'Financial Derivatives', 'traded derivatives', 'exchange derivatives', 'technology solutions', 'Cash Equities', 'Eurex Repo', 'markets licenses', 'latest news', 'Equity Return', 'NYSE', 'FRGE', 'strength', 'valuation', 'profitability', 'dividends', 'Insider', 'indication', 'endowments', 'table', 'Volatility', 'beta', 'breakdown', 'EPS', '9 factors', 'California', 'Europe', 'Asia-Pacific', 'EEX', 'Commodities', '360T', 'Xetra', 'Clearstream', 'Post-Trading', 'IFS', 'Qontigo', 'index', 'electricity', 'operating', 'bonds', 'addition', 'custody', 'secured', 'repos', 'indices', 'link-up', 'Eschborn', 'Germany']",2022-04-14,2022-04-15,defenseworld.net
2935,Deutsche Boerse,Google API,https://blockworks.co/report-germany-is-the-most-crypto-friendly-country/,Report: Germany Is the Most Crypto-friendly Country,1 day ago,Germany has become the home for an increasing number of crypto exchange-traded products in recent monthsThe United States ranked third due in part to its mining hashrate dominanceGermany has unseated Singapore as the most crypto-friendly country  according to a report by Coincub.The company’s first quarter 2022 report ranked 46 countries based on a range of factors  including newly added categories such as the number of initial coin offerings (ICOs) in each country  fraud case prevalence and the availability of crypto courses by leading institutions.“As events develop  we go beyond legislation or pure numbers and introduce new dimensions that are crucial for defining a country’s crypto friendliness or maturity ” Coincub CEO Sergiu Hamza said in a statement.Germany ranked fourth on Coincub’s list last year.The upgrade comes after crypto exchange KuCoin published a report last month showing that 16% of the German population between ages 18 and 60 own crypto or have traded it in the past six months. Forty-one percent of those investors intend to increase their allocations to the space in the coming six months.German magazine Capital first reported in December that the country’s savings banks  which hold more than 1 trillion euros  were looking to offer a wallet to trade cryptocurrency. The Coincub report called the decision a “groundbreaking” development that signals higher institutional acceptance of crypto.German stock market operator Deutsche Boerse has also listed more than 20 crypto exchange-traded products (ETPs) on its digital exchange  Xetra  over the past few months. Fund issuers such as WisdomTree  CoinShares and 21Shares have all listed products in the country recently.Singapore  which previously ranked number one  dropped to second due to government decisions to restrict crypto services advertising and a clampdown on bitcoin ATMs  according to Coincub.The United States ranked third among crypto-friendly countries due in part to its decision to seek clearer crypto regulation  the report noted.President Joe Biden signed an executive order urging government agencies to work together to study the “responsible development” of digital assets. US Treasury Secretary Janet Yellen echoed those calls in a discussion that MicroStrategy CEO Michael Saylor called “probably the single-most important speech of the 21st century.”The US also ranked first in mining as the country accounts for about 35% of global hashrate — ahead of second-place Kazakhstan  which totals about 18%.The United Arab Emirates  which ranked 22  was a new addition to the list following its recent plans to become one of the world’s crypto hotspots.Dubai last month revealed its first cryptocurrency legislation overseen by a new regulatory agency  and the emirate has recently granted licenses to crypto exchanges FTX and Binance to operate there.China remained at the list’s bottom following its widespread ban on trading and mining crypto.Get the day’s top crypto news and insights delivered to your inbox every evening. Subscribe to Blockworks’ free newsletter now.,neutral,0.08,0.73,0.19,negative,0.06,0.29,0.65,True,English,"['Crypto-friendly Country', 'Report', 'Germany', 'US Treasury Secretary Janet Yellen', 'MicroStrategy CEO Michael Saylor', 'German stock market operator', 'The United Arab Emirates', 'Coincub CEO Sergiu Hamza', 'The United States', 'initial coin offerings', 'fraud case prevalence', 'German magazine Capital', 'higher institutional acceptance', 'President Joe Biden', 'Blockworks’ free newsletter', 'new regulatory agency', 'coming six months', 'crypto services advertising', 'clearer crypto regulation', 'top crypto news', 'first quarter 2022 report', 'crypto exchange-traded products', 'past six months', 'first cryptocurrency legislation', 'The Coincub report', 'The US', 'German population', 'new dimensions', 'new addition', 'recent months', 'crypto courses', 'crypto friendliness', 'crypto hotspots', 'crypto exchanges', 'hashrate dominance', 'leading institutions', 'pure numbers', 'Forty-one percent', 'savings banks', '1 trillion euros', 'Deutsche Boerse', 'digital exchange', 'Fund issuers', 'government decisions', 'bitcoin ATMs', 'executive order', 'government agencies', 'responsible development', 'digital assets', 'important speech', '21st century', 'global hashrate', 'second-place Kazakhstan', 'recent plans', 'widespread ban', 'mining crypto', 'increasing number', 'crypto-friendly countries', 'crypto-friendly country', '46 countries', 'Germany', 'home', 'part', 'Singapore', 'company', 'range', 'factors', 'categories', 'ICOs', 'availability', 'events', 'maturity', 'statement', 'list', 'upgrade', 'KuCoin', 'ages', 'investors', 'allocations', 'space', 'December', 'wallet', 'ETPs', 'Xetra', 'WisdomTree', 'CoinShares', '21Shares', 'clampdown', 'calls', 'discussion', 'world', 'Dubai', 'licenses', 'FTX', 'Binance', 'China', 'bottom', 'trading', 'day', 'insights', 'inbox']",2022-04-14,2022-04-15,blockworks.co
2936,Deutsche Boerse,Google API,https://uk.finance.yahoo.com/news/sfc-energy-develops-zero-emission-090005775.html,SFC Energy develops zero-emission hydrogen emergency power generators for leading Italian telecom company TIM together with Wolftank Group,1 day ago,"DGAP-News: SFC Energy AG / Key word(s): MiscellaneousThe issuer is solely responsible for the content of this announcement.SFC Energy AG - Press release SFC Energy develops zero-emission hydrogen emergency power generators for leading Italian telecom company TIM together with Wolftank Group Brunnthal/Munich  Germany  April 14  2022 - SFC Energy AG (F3C:DE  ISIN: DE0007568578)  a leading supplier of hydrogen and methanol fuel cells for stationary and mobile hybrid power solutions  is developing together with its cooperation partner Wolftank Group a hydrogen emergency power supply system for telecommunication equipment of the Italian telecommunications provider TIM. TIM is the leading ICT group in Italy with 30.5 million mobile and 16.4 million fixed lines. TIM Group is increasingly focusing on environmentally friendly energy solutions and is introducing new power supply systems that promote environmental sustainability. In a pilot project  SFC Energy has already installed an emission-free emergency power generator for TIM in Trento together with the Wolftank Group  with whom it formalised a cooperation in March. The complete system of energy generator and energy storage consists of the innovative Wolftank Smart Cartridge  a special hydrogen storage unit for supplying fuel cell systems  and SFC Energy's proven EFOY H 2 Cabinet. ""In a market that is currently experiencing a high dynamic of change  we want to offer solutions with our partner that accelerate the transformation process towards a climate-neutral industrial society. Within a very short time  we have successfully implemented a first project. This is the basis to drive an upcoming nationwide replacement of conventional diesel gensets by market-proven hydrogen and fuel cell technologies "" says Dr Peter Podesser  CEO of SFC Energy AG. The complete system by SFC Energy and the Wolftank Group can be used for emergency power supply applications for critical infrastructures such as gas utilities or telecom infrastructure. It replaces previously used lead-acid batteries and diesel generators and provides emergency power supply without emissions. With this system  users not only improve their carbon footprint  but also reduce the total cost of ownership through lower maintenance requirements. Read TIM's press release about the collaboration here. For more information on SFC Energy's Clean Energy and Clean Power Management solutions  visit sfc.com.About SFC Energy AGSFC Energy AG is a leading provider of hydrogen and methanol fuel cells for stationary and mobile hybrid power solutions. With the Clean Energy and Clean Power Management business segments  SFC Energy is a sustainably profitable fuel cell producer. The Company distributes its award-winning products worldwide and has sold more than 55 000 fuel cells to date. The Company is headquartered in Brunnthal/Munich and operates production facilities in Germany  the Netherlands  Romania  and Canada. SFC Energy AG is listed on the Deutsche Boerse Prime Standard (GSIN: 756857  ISIN: DE0007568578). About Wolftank GroupWolftank Group is a leading technology partner for energy and environmental solutions operating worldwide. In the field of energy mobility and logistics  the Group supports customers in more than 20 countries to implement projects in an efficient and environmentally friendly way. For this  it develops and implements tomorrow's technologies to decarbonize transport and build the infrastructure for zero-emission mobility - such as turnkey delivery of modular hydrogen and LNG refueling facilities. In the area of environmental solutions  the offering includes due diligences for environmental risks  customized services for soil and groundwater remediation  as well as recycling. The group's subsidiaries in eight countries on three continents are managed by Wolftank-Adisa Holding AG  based in Innsbruck  Austria. The share of Wolftank-Adisa Holding AG (WKN: A2PBHR; ISIN: AT0000A25NJ6) is listed in the direct market plus segment of the Vienna Stock Exchange AG and in the m:access of the Munich Stock Exchange and is traded on Xetra  the Frankfurt and Berlin Stock Exchanges. Further information: www.wolftank-holding.com and www.wolftank.com.SFC Press Contact:Jens JüttnerTel. +49 89 125 09 03-32Email: jens.juettner@sfc.comWeb: sfc.com SFC IR Contact:Susan HoffmeisterTel. +49 89 125 09 03-33Email: susan.hoffmeister@sfc.comWeb: sfc.com Wolftank Contact:Wolftank-Adisa Holding AGGrabenweg 58  A-6020 Innsbruck  AustriaTel. +43 512 345726Email: investor-relations@wolftank-holding.comWeb: wolftank.com14.04.2022 Dissemination of a Corporate News  transmitted by DGAP - a service of EQS Group AG.The issuer is solely responsible for the content of this announcement.The DGAP Distribution Services include Regulatory Announcements  Financial/Corporate News and Press Releases.Archive at www.dgap.de",neutral,0.01,0.97,0.01,neutral,0.04,0.93,0.03,True,English,"['zero-emission hydrogen emergency power generators', 'leading Italian telecom company', 'SFC Energy', 'Wolftank Group', 'TIM', 'Clean Power Management business segments', 'zero-emission hydrogen emergency power generators', 'hydrogen emergency power supply system', 'emergency power supply applications', 'Deutsche Boerse Prime Standard', 'new power supply systems', 'emission-free emergency power generator', 'Clean Power Management solutions', 'mobile hybrid power solutions', 'profitable fuel cell producer', 'innovative Wolftank Smart Cartridge', 'Vienna Stock Exchange AG', 'special hydrogen storage unit', 'Wolftank-Adisa Holding AG Grabenweg', 'environmentally friendly energy solutions', 'leading Italian telecom company', 'The DGAP Distribution Services', 'environmentally friendly way', 'fuel cell systems', 'Munich Stock Exchange', 'Berlin Stock Exchanges', 'Italian telecommunications provider', 'EFOY H 2 Cabinet', 'climate-neutral industrial society', 'upcoming nationwide replacement', 'Dr Peter Podesser', 'lower maintenance requirements', 'methanol fuel cells', '16.4 million fixed lines', 'conventional diesel gensets', 'LNG refueling facilities', 'Jens Jüttner', 'fuel cell technologies', 'EQS Group AG', 'SFC IR Contact', 'SFC Energy AG', 'leading ICT group', 'leading technology partner', 'SFC Press Contact', 'Wolftank Group Brunnthal/Munich', 'diesel generators', '30.5 million mobile', '55,000 fuel cells', 'Clean Energy', 'zero-emission mobility', 'energy generator', 'energy storage', 'The Company', 'leading provider', 'environmental solutions', 'market-proven hydrogen', 'modular hydrogen', 'leading supplier', 'Wolftank Contact', 'complete system', 'telecom infrastructure', 'production facilities', 'jens.juettner', 'energy mobility', 'Press release', 'Key word', 'F3C:DE', 'telecommunication equipment', 'environmental sustainability', 'pilot project', 'high dynamic', 'transformation process', 'short time', 'first project', 'critical infrastructures', 'gas utilities', 'lead-acid batteries', 'carbon footprint', 'total cost', 'award-winning products', 'turnkey delivery', 'due diligences', 'environmental risks', 'groundwater remediation', 'three continents', 'm:access', 'Corporate News', 'Regulatory Announcements', 'cooperation partner', 'eight countries', 'direct market', 'Further information', 'TIM Group', 'Susan Hoffmeister', '20 countries', 'DGAP-News', 'Miscellaneous', 'issuer', 'content', 'Germany', 'April', 'ISIN', 'stationary', 'Italy', 'Trento', 'March', 'basis', 'CEO', 'emissions', 'users', 'ownership', 'collaboration', 'date', 'Netherlands', 'Romania', 'Canada', 'GSIN', 'field', 'logistics', 'customers', 'projects', 'efficient', 'tomorrow', 'transport', 'area', 'offering', 'soil', 'recycling', 'subsidiaries', 'Innsbruck', 'Austria', 'share', 'WKN', 'A2PBHR', 'Xetra', 'Frankfurt', 'wolftank-holding', 'Tel.', 'Email', 'investor', 'relations', 'Web', 'Dissemination', 'Archive']",2022-04-15,2022-04-15,uk.finance.yahoo.com
2937,Deutsche Boerse,Google API,https://seekingalpha.com/article/4501356-clearbridge-international-growth-adr-strategy-portfolio-manager-commentary-q1-2022,ClearBridge International Growth ADR Strategy Portfolio Manager Commentary Q1 2022,1 day ago,wildpixel/iStock via Getty ImagesMarket OverviewInternational equities were faced with numerous risks in the first quarter  ranging from resurging COVID-19 cases in large geographies like China to inflation and potential monetary tightening globally  before Russia’s invasion of Ukraine on February 24 overshadowed all else. Europe was most directly impacted by the conflict as crude oil and natural gas prices spiked and already-challenged supply chains were further pressured. The benchmark MSCI EAFE Index declined 5.91% while the MSCI Emerging Markets Index fell 6.97%. Large cap equities held up better than small caps with the MSCI EAFE Small Cap Index giving back 8.53%. More importantly  value outperformed growth by substantial margins with the MSCI EAFE Value Index gaining 0.33% for the period while the MSCI EAFE Growth Index declined 11.94%.One of the key drivers of the rotation from growth to value stocks was action in the bond market. A significant rise in long-term bond yields reflected heightened inflationary pressures in the global economy and the outlook for tighter monetary policy. Higher rates are typically a short-term headwind to long-duration assets such as growth stocks. And while  in the longer run  high-quality growth stocks can typically pass on inflation  the sudden and sharp spike in bond yields puts pressure on near-term valuations.Exhibit 1: MSCI Growth vs. Value PerformanceThere has been a lot of debate about whether inflation is as permanent post-COVID. A certain amount of inventory restocking was needed to cure supply chain disruptions impacted by frictional costs and labor shortages. Manufacturing finally seemed to have found its footing and ports were reopening. China  the world’s largest consumer of commodity goods  has been easing economic policies for some time to tackle a broad real estate problem and navigate further COVID-19 lockdowns continuing to slow its economy. These actions should have ameliorated significant commodity pressures -- until war broke out. Coupled with the potential for Russia to now control significant parts of the food supply output and other key materials and minerals  the calculus shifted overnight.Under these conditions  the ClearBridge International Growth ADR Strategy underperformed its core MSCI EAFE Index benchmark. This is to be expected but doesn’t mean we are satisfied with the results. Our observation is that in these types of markets  the Strategy tends to underperform until more balance is achieved in the market between growth and value. Simplistically  the index is a blend of both value and growth stocks. However  similar to the first quarter of 2021 (Exhibit 1) — when the value component outperformed so meaningfully — it remains tilted to whatever is doing the best  and this quarter it was value. In virtually every sector  the stocks we identify most as value did the best.On a sector and industry basis  energy (+16.98%)  materials (+3.30%) and defense (+4.63%)  given the invasion impact  did well. We evaluate and own these types of stocks within our structural bucket if we believe they will see a step change in forward returns at attractive valuations. We began to buy energy last year and that has worked well for the portfolio more recently. While the structural bucket is a component of our diversified approach to growth  the portfolio also remains invested in growth companies with a significant overweight to information technology (IT); these names underperformed in a narrow  one- sided value market.Europe and the U.K.  which represent the Strategy’s largest regional exposures  were a microcosm of these cross currents. Early in the first quarter  economies were still influenced by COVID-19  but a peak in cases was in sight and reopening was underway. Markets played the improvements  rates moved moderately  consumer spending picked up and services like travel recovered from depressed levels. War in Ukraine changed the picture dramatically. Inflation picked up even further  driven by higher natural gas  oil and agricultural commodity prices  which will be passed on to the consumer. Germany's inflation passed the 7% level last seen after the 1990 reunification. The war has caused manufacturing and consumer sentiment to plunge.While natural gas is still flowing from Russia to Europe  there are discussions that could change this. Germany  a massive importer of oil and gas  is currently in Stage 1 monitoring of energy usage and asking customers to monitor usage. A serious reduction or complete shut off of Russian gas could lead to a recession in Europe  which is the growing consensus view. We don’t agree  however  as we believe Europe has the support structures and spending capacity to keep the incipient post-COVID-19 recovery intact. The telltale signs of recession  such as European credit spreads widening  have not happened.Positively  the urgency of energy security has accelerated spending on renewable energy. The EU commission has proposed a new measure regarding energy security and plans to reduce European dependence on Russian natural gas. REPowerEU emphasizes two pillars in order to reduce reliance on Russian gas and drive resilience: diversifying gas supplies  mostly via higher liquified natural gas imports; and more rapidly reducing fossil fuel use by boosting energy efficiency while increasing renewables and electrification. Many wind and solar projects will accelerate with easier permitting and financing.The Strategy is well-exposed to this secular shift and to accelerated spending on alternative energy sourcing and generation. Growth in renewables should benefit EDP (OTCMKTS:EDRVF)  an operator of wind farms for power generation  and SolarEdge (SEDG)  a company we repurchased on weakness in the first quarter that develops electronics for solar installations and should take advantage of greater incentives for solar installations in many geographies. The company has expanded its products offering to address larger markets in commercial and utility solar on top of its traditional residential solar market. The acceleration in electrification of transport should support electric vehicle-related stocks like TE Connectivity (TEL) and Nidec (OTCMKTS:NJDCY). In addition  industrial manufacturers Legrand (OTCMKTS:LGRDY) and Atlas Copco (OTCMKTS:ATLCY) should benefit from demand for greater efficiency in mid-voltage applications such as energy-efficient compressors.The conflict could also boost the trend toward reshoring or near- shoring supply chains and production. Market worries about China’s intentions toward Taiwan  which could alter the global balance of power in semiconductors  have hastened the near- shoring of semi production globally. Such growing risks are hastening the need to build new capacity in Eastern Europe  Canada and Mexico  and they should result in a positive  multiyear  capex-heavy trend for Western companies. Such a transition would most directly benefit the Strategy’s structural growth companies  a bucket we have been increasing (and that now accounts for more than 40% of portfolio assets) to better manage the volatile risk/reward environment in international markets.Portfolio PositioningWe initiated a position in exchange operator Deutsche Boerse (OTCMKTS:DBOEY)  a company with higher rate sensitivity and a higher orientation toward financial data. It operates a fund administration business with recurring revenues that have allowed these non-transaction divisions to do well.The purchase complements our financials exposure in Europe. While sensitive to the macro environment  European banks have already taken a serious hit and trade at levels implying stagflation or a technical recession. Higher rates will help the banks and their capital levels are high across the entire sector. Provisioning reserve releases are unlikely from here and perhaps faster buildup is needed again for future losses in the years to come  but we believe these headwinds are already priced in.Also within the structural bucket  we added to our commodity exposure with the purchase of Suncor Energy (SU). Suncor  a past holding  is a Canadian integrated oil company where we capitalized on attractive valuation due to a COVID-19-induced slowdown. We expect recovery in oil demand and strong pricing will result in faster than expected free cash flow growth and financial deleveraging.The structural bucket has the shortest investment horizon across the spectrum of growth companies we target in the Strategy. We closely monitor the macro impacts and turnaround progress of these companies and will be disciplined sellers when the thesis for a holding plays out.Most of our selling over the last several quarters has occurred among emerging growth companies  where we have reduced our exposure to under 5% to better manage risk. Exits from the emerging growth bucket in the quarter included Sea Ltd. (SE) after the company issued below-consensus guidance due to a slowdown in its gaming business coupled with a second miss in its e-commerce business due to the pull-forward effects of the pandemic and continued difficult comps. We also trimmed back workflow software maker Atlassian (TEAM) after a strong runup in its shares in 2021.Most of our reductions in emerging growth have involved IT or related companies where innovation is a key to their business model. That said  we remain positive on the IT sector and have largely maintained holdings in our highest-conviction ideas.During the quarter  we reduced our semiconductor exposure through the sale of Tokyo Electron (OTCMKTS:TOELY) and a trim of ASML (ASML) to manage concerns of a slowdown due to the risk of double ordering and potential softness in some consumer end markets. We increased our position in IT services with the purchase of Accenture as we remain optimistic about the long-term growth potential these companies provide  which is underpinned by the compressed digital transformation cycle  rising cloud adoption and growth in data-driven insights.Despite the market volatility and hyper focus on rising rates  chief information officer surveys continue to forecast resilience in IT budgets this year. Growth in IT spending for 2022 is expected to remain above the 10-year pre-COVID-19 average  according to Morgan Stanley. We believe this is a result of the strong secular underpinnings brought on by digital transformation and businesses focusing on increasing efficiencies through technology.New addition Olympus (OTCMKTS:OCPNY)  a Japanese precision equipment and medical device maker  is a good example. The company is the number one player in gastrointestinal endoscopy with 70% market share with an entrenched moat. Its therapeutic solutions division should continue to scale with new product investments in high-growth areas  coupled with improvement in procedural volumes from COVID-19 recovery. We are also seeing progress in a restructuring plan that will create a streamlined global medical technology company with improving profitability and a reliable governance structure.OutlookWe continue to invest for the long term and are willing to endure volatility as long as our secular thesis for owning a company has not been impacted. The post-COVID-19 hangover for our emerging growth bucket has been very tough  but we understand the risks  have culled the portfolio of several challenged stocks and see a way back for disruptive growth names.From a regional standpoint  we continue to see promise in Europe and are increasing our exposure to regions like Canada through companies well-suited for developing trends around energy security and supply chains. While headline inflation remains high across Europe  the region does not face the same wage pressures as the U.S.  which could temper the increasing hawkish stance of policymakers once the Ukraine situation becomes more settled. Without question  higher energy and agricultural commodity prices creates new challenges for emerging markets  where we greatly reduced exposure in 2021. We expect continued volatility around both economic performance and political change to remain a feature of these markets.Heightened levels of uncertainty remain across international markets. In Asia  COVID-19 has become a significant risk again  not only in mainland China but also markets where Chinese tourists drive retail spending like Japan and Europe. Currencies are also in flux  with the yen  typically a port in the storm  the worst-performing developed market currency for the quarter. We believe our risk-aware approach to growth investing  emphasizing quality companies with pricing power  can provide balance as the global economy continues to work through these myriad uncertainties. It has been well-documented how tightening cycles hurt long-duration growth assets. As the Bank of England moves ahead with further tightening similar to the U.S. Fed and the ECB contemplates its own monetary actions  it is also worth noting that growth equities tend to outperform value once a tightening cycle is underway (Exhibit 2).Exhibit 2: Growth Leads Out of Tightening CyclesPortfolio HighlightsDuring the first quarter  the ClearBridge International Growth ADR Strategy underperformed its MSCI EAFE Index benchmark. The Strategy had losses across nine of the 10 sectors in which it was invested (out of 11 total)  driven by the subsector and stock- specific allocations toward growth areas versus the benchmark.The IT  industrials  health care and consumer discretionary sectors were the primary detractors while the energy sector was the sole contributor.On a relative basis  overall stock selection and sector allocation detracted from performance. An overweight to the IT sector was the primary detractor  and we continue to work down this overweight.Stock selection in the materials sector  hurt by our lack of metals and mining stocks  also had a negative impact on results  as did selection in health care  where an underweight to large cap pharma names and overweight in life science/tools company and more consistently growing medtech names proved detrimental. Stock selection in industrials was hurt by an overweight to machinery and underweight to defense. Within financials  our underweight to banks was a primary detractor with markets such as Japan and Australia outperforming Europe. On the positive side  stock selection in energy aided performance.On a regional basis  stock selection in Europe Ex U.K.  Japan and the U.K. and an underweight to Asia Ex Japan  primarily Australia with its large components of both mining and bank stocks  detracted the most from performance.On an individual stock basis  the largest contributors to absolute returns in the quarter included Schlumberger (SLB)  Canadian Pacific Railway (CP)  London Stock Exchange (OTCMKTS:LDNXF)  MonotaRO (OTCMKTS:MONOY) and Novo Nordisk (NVO). The greatest detractors from absolute returns included positions in Recruit Holdings (OTCMKTS:RCRUY)  ICON (ICLR)  Atlas Copco  Hoya (OTCMKTS:HOCPY) and TE Connectivity.Editor's Note: The summary bullets for this article were chosen by Seeking Alpha editors.,neutral,0.01,0.97,0.02,mixed,0.17,0.16,0.67,True,English,"['ClearBridge International Growth ADR Strategy Portfolio Manager Commentary', 'core MSCI EAFE Index benchmark', 'narrow, one- sided value market', 'MSCI EAFE Small Cap Index', 'ClearBridge International Growth ADR Strategy', 'benchmark MSCI EAFE Index', 'broad real estate problem', 'Getty Images Market Overview', 'MSCI EAFE Growth Index', 'MSCI EAFE Value Index', 'MSCI Emerging Markets Index', 'challenged supply chains', 'Large cap equities', 'heightened inflationary pressures', 'tighter monetary policy', 'supply chain disruptions', 'food supply output', 'complete shut off', 'growing consensus view', 'incipient post-COVID-19 recovery', 'agricultural commodity prices', 'largest regional exposures', 'European credit spreads', 'natural gas prices', 'potential monetary tightening', 'significant commodity pressures', 'long-term bond yields', 'higher natural gas', 'Russian natural gas', 'other key materials', 'high-quality growth stocks', 'MSCI Growth', 'International equities', 'small caps', 'bond market', 'Russian gas', 'commodity goods', 'large geographies', 'key drivers', 'European dependence', 'significant rise', 'largest consumer', 'significant parts', 'significant overweight', 'growth companies', 'numerous risks', 'substantial margins', 'Higher rates', 'short-term headwind', 'long-duration assets', 'longer run', 'sharp spike', 'near-term valuations', 'Value Performance', 'inventory restocking', 'frictional costs', 'labor shortages', 'economic policies', 'COVID-19 lockdowns', 'industry basis', 'structural bucket', 'step change', 'forward returns', 'attractive valuations', 'diversified approach', 'information technology', 'U.K.', 'cross currents', 'depressed levels', 'massive importer', 'Stage 1 monitoring', 'serious reduction', 'support structures', 'telltale signs', 'EU commission', 'new measure', 'value stocks', 'first quarter', 'consumer sentiment', 'spending capacity', 'energy security', 'renewable energy', 'COVID-19 cases', 'global economy', 'value component', 'invasion impact', 'consumer spending', 'crude oil', 'energy usage', 'wildpixel', 'iStock', 'China', 'Ukraine', 'February', 'conflict', 'period', 'rotation', 'action', 'outlook', 'sudden', 'Exhibit', 'lot', 'debate', 'amount', 'Manufacturing', 'footing', 'ports', 'world', 'minerals', 'calculus', 'conditions', 'results', 'observation', 'types', 'balance', 'blend', 'sector', 'defense', 'portfolio', 'names', 'microcosm', 'economies', 'peak', 'sight', 'reopening', 'improvements', 'services', 'travel', 'picture', 'Germany', '7% level', '1990 reunification', 'discussions', 'customers', 'recession', 'urgency', 'plans']",2022-04-15,2022-04-15,seekingalpha.com
2938,Deutsche Boerse,Twitter API,Twitter,Today… Deutsche Börse Photography Foundation Prize 2022💎 Two of my favourites: Deana Lawson &amp; Gilles Peress.… https://t.co/75k0k3vwxo,nan,Today… Deutsche Börse Photography Foundation Prize 2022💎 Two of my favourites: Deana Lawson &amp; Gilles Peress.… https://t.co/75k0k3vwxo,positive,0.69,0.29,0.02,positive,0.69,0.29,0.02,True,English,"['Deutsche Börse Photography Foundation Prize', 'Deana Lawson', 'Gilles Peress', 'favourites', 'amp', 'Deutsche Börse Photography Foundation Prize', 'Deana Lawson', 'Gilles Peress', 'favourites', 'amp']",2022-04-14,2022-04-15,Unknown
2939,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.biospace.com/article/releases/maat-pharma-publishes-its-2021-annual-results-and-provides-a-business-overview/,MaaT Pharma Publishes its 2021 Annual Results and Provides a Business Overview - BioSpace,MaaT Pharma  a French clinical-stage biotech and a pioneer in the development of microbiome-based ecosystem therapies dedicated to improving survival outcomes for patients with cancer reported full-year 2021 revenues and provided a business overview for 2022.,LYON  France--(BUSINESS WIRE)-- Regulatory News:MaaT Pharma (EURONEXT: MAAT – the “Company”)  a French clinical-stage biotech and a pioneer in the development of microbiome-based ecosystem therapies dedicated to improving survival outcomes for patients with cancer today reported full-year 2021 revenues and provided a business overview for 2022.Hervé Affagard  CEO and co-founder of MaaT Pharma stated  “We are proud of our accomplishments regarding our clinical programs and of the success of our IPO on Euronext last November. With the support of our historical shareholders and new institutional and individual investors  we have already achieved key milestones in our clinical activities (MaaT013 in pivotal Phase 3 and MaaT033 in Phase 1b) and expect to continue this growth path in 2022 with the ongoing patient enrollment for our pivotal Phase 3  the initiation of Phase 2/3 for MaaT033  building our manufacturing facility and preparing the entry of MaaT03X for clinical study in 2023. In line with the strategic roadmap presented during the IPO  we have a good financial visibility up to the end of the third quarter of 2023.”Key Financial ResultsThe key audited financial results for the 2021 full-year are as follows:Income StatementIn thousands of euros 31 December 2021 31 December 2020 Revenue 972 - Cost of Goods Sold (166) - Gross Margin 806 - Other Income 2 390 2 136 Sales and distribution costs (217) - General and administrative costs (2 727) (1 289) Research and development costs (9 145) (6 099) Operating income (expense) (8 893) (5 252) Financial Income 0 0 Financial Expense (126) (49) Net financial income (expense) (126) (49) Income (loss) before income tax (9 019) (5 301) Income tax expense - - Net Income (loss) for the period (9 019) (5 301)Prepared in accordance with international standards  IFRSRevenues totaled €1.0 million for the year ended December 31  2021  which includes compensation invoiced since the first half of 2021 from the ATUn program (Temporary Authorization for Use  now known as compassionate access following legislative changes). The gross margin generated by the compassionate access program amount to €0.8 million.Operating expense amounted to €8.9 million compared with €5.3 million for 2020  an increase of €3.6 million. This increase reflects the growth of research and development costs which have risen from €6.1 million in 2020 to €9.1 million in 2021  representing an overall increase of €3.0 million and consistent with the advancement of activities:MaaT013: conclusion of the Phase 2 clinical trial  HERACLES  for the treatment of acute Graft-versus-Host Disease (aGvHD)  for which an oral presentation of additional data was conducted at the American Society of Hematology (ASH) Conference in December 2021. Preparation and initiation of the pivotal clinical trial  ARES  for which the first patient was dosed in March 2022conclusion of the Phase 2 clinical trial  HERACLES  for the treatment of acute Graft-versus-Host Disease (aGvHD)  for which an oral presentation of additional data was conducted at the American Society of Hematology (ASH) Conference in December 2021. Preparation and initiation of the pivotal clinical trial  ARES  for which the first patient was dosed in March 2022 MaaT033: continuation of the Phase 1b clinical trial  CIMON  for which positive interim engraftment data and a satisfactory safety were announced in January 2022continuation of the Phase 1b clinical trial  CIMON  for which positive interim engraftment data and a satisfactory safety were announced in January 2022 MaaT03x: conduct of pre-clinical trialsconduct of pre-clinical trials Conclusion of a partnership with Skyepharma to establish cGMP manufacturing facility dedicated to ecosystem microbiome-based therapeutics which will be operational in 2023 and for which an initial down payment was made in 2021General and administrative expenses amounted to €2.7 million compared with €1.3 million in 2020 reflecting the structuring of the Company to meet the needs of a public listing and to support the different clinical and development programs.The net loss amounts to €9.0 million for the year ended 31 December 2021 compared with €5.3 million for the year ended 31 December 2020  reflecting the roadmap presented during the Company's IPO.Average annual employees evolved from 24 in 2020 to 33 in 2021 following the strengthening of the Medical Affairs team  along with the R&D and Technical departments as well as Business development. Dr John Weinberg  CMO  has resigned from his position to pursue other activities and will leave the Company in early May. Following the recruitment of several experienced personnel within the clinical and regulatory teams  no impact is expected on the ongoing clinical trials because of this change.Cash PositionAs of December 31  2021  total cash and cash equivalents were €43.3 million  as compared to €15.3. million as of June 30  2021  and €19.9 million as of December 31  2020.The net increase in cash position of €23.4 million between December 31  2020 and December 31  2021 is due to the Company’s IPO on Euronext and corresponding capital raise generating net cash inflow of €32.4 million  offset by the financing of operations  including R&D and general & administrative costs  for a total of €7.9 million. Net cash outflows from debt repayments over 2021 amounted to €1.0 million and total financial debt (including lease liabilities) totaled €6.5 million as of December 31  2021  of which €1.0 million relates to state-backed loans (“PGE”).Based on the development plans and corresponding cash needs the Company believes it has sufficient cash to finance up until the end of the third quarter of 2023.Major milestones achieved in 2021 and at the beginning of 2022March 2021: Release of positive topline results for Phase 2 trial evaluating MaaT013 in a high-risk patient population with grade III-IV steroid-refractory  gastrointestinal-predominant acute graft-versus-host disease.Release of positive topline results for Phase 2 trial evaluating MaaT013 in a high-risk patient population with grade III-IV steroid-refractory  gastrointestinal-predominant acute graft-versus-host disease. July 2021: Non-dilutive funding of €1.9 million for its “MEPA” project through the France Relance “Resilience” program to support the industrialization of manufacturing processes for a new generation of microbiome ecosystem therapies in immuno-oncology.Non-dilutive funding of €1.9 million for its “MEPA” project through the France Relance “Resilience” program to support the industrialization of manufacturing processes for a new generation of microbiome ecosystem therapies in immuno-oncology. November 2021: Initial Public Offering on Euronext: MaaT Pharma became the first company developing microbiome-based drugs to be listed on the regulated market of Euronext Paris and raised €35.7 million As part of the France Relance plan  the Company was a successful candidate to the 4th Investment for the Future Program (“4 ème Programme Investissements d’Avenir” or PIA4) for its METIO project (“Development of the first European innovative Microbiome Ecosystem Therapies in Immuno-Oncology”)  which makes it eligible to €4.26 million in funding  for which a first payment of €1.1 million was received in January 2022.December 2021: Presentation of additional promising results from Phase 2 trial in 24 patients with steroid-resistant Grade III-IV gastrointestinal aGvHD (GI-aGvHD) and from a compassionate use program (Early Access Program or EAP) for MaaT013 in France in 52 patients with Grade II-IV GI-aGvHD. Safety signals were consistent with the adverse events profile expected in this patient population.Presentation of additional promising results from Phase 2 trial in 24 patients with steroid-resistant Grade III-IV gastrointestinal aGvHD (GI-aGvHD) and from a compassionate use program (Early Access Program or EAP) for MaaT013 in France in 52 patients with Grade II-IV GI-aGvHD. Safety signals were consistent with the adverse events profile expected in this patient population. January 2022: Release of positive preliminary and interim engraftment data for MaaT033 allowing early termination of Phase 1b study investigating the maximum tolerated dose of MaaT033 in patients with acute myeloid leukemia (AML) who have undergone intensive chemotherapy.Release of positive preliminary and interim engraftment data for MaaT033 allowing early termination of Phase 1b study investigating the maximum tolerated dose of MaaT033 in patients with acute myeloid leukemia (AML) who have undergone intensive chemotherapy. February 2022: Announcement of the partnership with Skyepharma providing MaaT Pharma with a dedicated +16 150 square foot site  with the potential to go up to 32 300 sq ft if needed  to increase its cGMP manufacturing capacities to support clinical and then commercial development of its most advanced assets MaaT013 and MaaT033  as well as to expand R&D manufacturing capacities for its new drug generation (MaaT03x).Announcement of the partnership with Skyepharma providing MaaT Pharma with a dedicated +16 150 square foot site  with the potential to go up to 32 300 sq ft if needed  to increase its cGMP manufacturing capacities to support clinical and then commercial development of its most advanced assets MaaT013 and MaaT033  as well as to expand R&D manufacturing capacities for its new drug generation (MaaT03x). March 2022: Initiation of clinical pivotal Phase 3 trial in Europe  a world first for a microbiome-based therapy in onco-hematology: an open-label  single-arm study (NCT04769895)  evaluating the safety and efficacy of MaaT013  the high-richness  high-diversity lead Microbiome Ecosystem Therapy (MET) as a third-line therapy in patients with gastrointestinal aGvHD. Implementation of a liquidity contract with Kepler Cheuvreux to enhance the liquidity of the MaaT Pharma shares admitted to trading on Euronext Paris in conformity with applicable legislation. A total of 200 000 euros will be allocated to the liquidity contract.April 2022: Initiation of a randomized  placebo-controlled Phase 2a proof of concept clinical trial  sponsored by AP-HP  evaluating MaaT013 in combination with immune checkpoint inhibitors (ICI)  ipilimumab (Yervoy®) and nivolumab (Opdivo®)  which are standard first line treatments for patients with metastatic melanoma.Key milestones targeted in 2022First semester 2022:The Company expects to publish the full topline results of the Phase 1b clinical trial of MaaT033  its second drug candidate  performed in patients with acute myeloid leukemia.End of second semester 2022:A pivotal Phase 2/3 may start to evaluate MaaT033 as a prophylactic treatment in patients with liquid tumors receiving allo-HSCT.Ongoing: In line with 2021  the Company continues its early access program in France  allowing patients to benefit from early access to MaaT013 therapy  mainly for the treatment of acute Graft-vs-host-Disease. Outside of France  the Company has responded positively to individual requests for compassionate access in other European countries.Upcoming financial communication*May 05  2022 – Revenues and Cash Position Quarter 1May 31  2022 – Annual General MeetingJuly 28  2022 – Revenues and Cash Position Quarter 2September 29  2022 – Half-year Results 2022*Indicative calendar that may be subject to change.Upcoming investor conference participationApril 21  2022 - 14 th Kempen Life Sciences Conference  AmsterdamKempen Life Sciences Conference  Amsterdam June 30  2022 – 9 th Portzamparc Annual conference  ParisPortzamparc Annual conference  Paris September 15 and 16  2022 – KBCS Life Sciences ConferenceAbout MaaT PharmaMaaT Pharma  a clinical stage biotechnology company  has established a complete approach to restoring patient-microbiome symbiosis in oncology. Committed to treating cancer and graft-versus-host disease (GvHD)  a serious complication of allogeneic stem cell transplantation  MaaT Pharma has launched  in March 2022  a Phase 3 clinical trial for patients with acute GvHD  following the achievement of its proof of concept in a Phase 2 trial. Its powerful discovery and analysis platform  gutPrint®  supports the development and expansion of its pipeline by determining novel disease targets  evaluating drug candidates  and identifying biomarkers for microbiome-related conditions.The company’s Microbiome Ecosystem Therapies are produced through a standardized cGMP manufacturing and quality control process to safely deliver the full diversity of the microbiome  in liquid and oral formulations. MaaT Pharma benefits from the commitment of world-leading scientists and established relationships with regulators to support the integration of the use of microbiome therapies in clinical practice.MaaT Pharma is listed on Euronext Paris (ticker: MAAT).Forward-looking StatementsAll statements other than statements of historical fact included in this press release about future events are subject to (i) change without notice and (ii) factors beyond the Company’s control. These statements may include  without limitation  any statements preceded by  followed by or including words such as “target ” “believe ” “expect ” “aim ” “intend ” “may ” “anticipate ” “estimate ” “plan ” “project ” “will ” “can have ” “likely ” “should ” “would ” “could” and other words and terms of similar meaning or the negative thereof. Forward-looking statements are subject to inherent risks and uncertainties beyond the Company’s control that could cause the Company’s actual results or performance to be materially different from the expected results or performance expressed or implied by such forward-looking statements.View source version on businesswire.com: https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20220413005865/en/,neutral,0.01,0.98,0.01,mixed,0.51,0.16,0.33,True,English,"['MaaT Pharma', '2021 Annual Results', 'Business Overview', 'BioSpace', 'positive interim engraftment data', 'Phase 1b clinical trial', 'French clinical-stage biotech', 'microbiome-based ecosystem therapies', 'acute Graft-versus-Host Disease', 'ecosystem microbiome-based therapeutics', 'initial down payment', 'Average annual employees', 'Medical Affairs team', 'Dr John Weinberg', 'several experienced personnel', 'good financial visibility', 'Phase 2 clinical trial', 'pivotal clinical trial', 'ongoing patient enrollment', 'cGMP manufacturing facility', 'ongoing clinical trials', 'compassionate access program', 'Key Financial Results', 'Net financial income', 'Income tax expense', 'pivotal Phase', 'additional data', 'clinical programs', 'clinical study', 'different clinical', 'ATUn program', 'Net Income', 'first patient', 'pre-clinical trials', 'clinical activities', 'Financial Expense', 'Income Statement', 'Other Income', 'Operating income', 'BUSINESS WIRE', 'Regulatory News', 'survival outcomes', 'business overview', 'Hervé Affagard', 'historical shareholders', 'new institutional', 'individual investors', 'key milestones', 'third quarter', 'Gross Margin', 'distribution costs', 'administrative costs', 'international standards', 'first half', 'Temporary Authorization', 'legislative changes', 'oral presentation', 'American Society', 'ASH) Conference', 'satisfactory safety', 'administrative expenses', 'public listing', 'R&D', 'Technical departments', 'early May', 'regulatory teams', 'total cash', 'cash equivalents', 'development costs', 'Operating expense', 'development programs', 'Business development', 'net increase', 'MaaT Pharma', 'other activities', 'Cash Position', 'net loss', 'growth path', 'strategic roadmap', 'overall increase', 'full-year 2021 revenues', '2021 full-year', 'LYON', 'France', 'EURONEXT', 'Company', 'pioneer', 'patients', 'cancer', 'CEO', 'founder', 'accomplishments', 'success', 'IPO', 'support', 'MaaT013', 'MaaT033', 'initiation', 'entry', 'MaaT03X', 'line', 'end', 'thousands', 'euros', 'Goods', 'Sales', 'General', 'Research', 'period', 'accordance', 'IFRS', 'December', 'compensation', 'Use', 'advancement', 'conclusion', 'HERACLES', 'treatment', 'aGvHD', 'Hematology', 'Preparation', 'ARES', 'March', 'continuation', 'CIMON', 'January 2022', 'conduct', 'partnership', 'Skyepharma', 'structuring', 'needs', 'strengthening', 'CMO', 'recruitment', 'impact', 'June']",2022-04-14,2022-04-15,biospace.com
2942,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/share-buyback-transaction-details-april-080000952.html,Share Buyback Transaction Details April 7 – April 13  2022,Share Buyback Transaction Details April 7 – April 13  2022 April 14  2022 - Wolters Kluwer today reports that it has repurchased 135 348 of its own ordinary ...,Share Buyback Transaction Details April 7 – April 13  2022April 14  2022 - Wolters Kluwer today reports that it has repurchased 135 348 of its own ordinary shares in the period from April 7  2022  up to and including April 13  2022  for €13.3 million and at an average share price of €98.48.These repurchases are part of the share buyback program announced on February 23  2022  under which we intend to repurchase shares for up to €600 million during 2022.The cumulative amounts repurchased to date under this program are as follows:Share Buyback 2022Period Cumulative shares repurchased in period Total consideration(€ million) Average share price(€) 2022 to date 2 033 676 187.0 91.96For the period starting February 25  2022  up to and including May 2  2022  we have engaged a third party to execute €120 million of buybacks on our behalf  within the limits of relevant laws and regulations (in particular Regulation (EU) 596/2014) and the company’s Articles of Association.Repurchased shares are added to and held as treasury shares and will be used for capital reduction purposes or to meet obligations arising from share-based incentive plans.Further information is available on our website:About Wolters KluwerWolters Kluwer (WKL) is a global leader in professional information  software solutions  and services for the healthcare; tax and accounting; governance  risk and compliance; and legal and regulatory sectors. We help our customers make critical decisions every day by providing expert solutions that combine deep domain knowledge with specialized technology and services.Wolters Kluwer reported 2021 annual revenues of €4.8 billion. The group serves customers in over 180 countries  maintains operations in over 40 countries  and employs approximately 19 800 people worldwide. The company is headquartered in Alphen aan den Rijn  the Netherlands.Story continuesWolters Kluwer shares are listed on Euronext Amsterdam (WKL) and are included in the AEX and Euronext 100 indices. Wolters Kluwer has a sponsored Level 1 American Depositary Receipt (ADR) program. The ADRs are traded on the over-the-counter market in the U.S. (WTKWY).For more information  visit www.wolterskluwer.com   follow us on Twitter   Facebook   LinkedIn   and YouTube .Media Investors/AnalystsGerbert van Genderen Stort Meg GeldensCorporate Communications Investor Relationst + 31 172 641 230 t + 31 172 641 407g.van.genderen.stort@wolterskluwer.com ir@wolterskluwer.comForward-looking Statements and Other Important Legal InformationThis report contains forward-looking statements. These statements may be identified by words such as “expect”  “should”  “could”  “shall” and similar expressions. Wolters Kluwer cautions that such forward-looking statements are qualified by certain risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results and events to differ materially from what is contemplated by the forward-looking statements. Factors which could cause actual results to differ from these forward-looking statements may include  without limitation  general economic conditions; conditions in the markets in which Wolters Kluwer is engaged; behavior of customers  suppliers  and competitors; technological developments; the implementation and execution of new ICT systems or outsourcing; and legal  tax  and regulatory rules affecting Wolters Kluwer’s businesses  as well as risks related to mergers  acquisitions  and divestments. In addition  financial risks such as currency movements  interest rate fluctuations  liquidity  and credit risks could influence future results. The foregoing list of factors should not be construed as exhaustive. Wolters Kluwer disclaims any intention or obligation to publicly update or revise any forward-looking statements  whether as a result of new information  future events or otherwise.This press release contains information which is to be made publicly available under Regulation (EU) 596/2014.Attachment,neutral,0.01,0.98,0.01,mixed,0.13,0.33,0.54,True,English,"['Share Buyback Transaction Details', 'April', 'Meg Geldens Corporate Communications Investor Relations', 'Alphen aan den Rijn', 'Level 1 American Depositary Receipt', 'Gerbert van Genderen Stort', 'Share Buyback Transaction Details', 'Other Important Legal Information', 'average share price', 'capital reduction purposes', 'share-based incentive plans', 'deep domain knowledge', 'interest rate fluctuations', 'new ICT systems', 'share buyback program', 'general economic conditions', 'Wolters Kluwer shares', 'Period Cumulative shares', 'cumulative amounts', 'new information', 'ordinary shares', 'Repurchased shares', 'treasury shares', 'Total consideration', 'third party', 'relevant laws', 'Further information', 'global leader', 'professional information', 'software solutions', 'regulatory sectors', 'critical decisions', 'expert solutions', 'specialized technology', '2021 annual revenues', 'Euronext Amsterdam', 'Euronext 100 indices', 'ADR) program', 'counter market', 'U.S.', 'Media Investors', 'similar expressions', 'actual results', 'technological developments', 'regulatory rules', 'currency movements', 'future results', 'foregoing list', 'press release', 'Forward-looking Statements', 'financial risks', 'credit risks', 'future events', 'April', 'repurchases', 'February', 'date', 'May', 'buybacks', 'behalf', 'limits', 'regulations', 'particular', 'company', 'Articles', 'Association', 'obligations', 'website', 'WKL', 'services', 'healthcare', 'tax', 'accounting', 'governance', 'compliance', 'customers', 'group', '180 countries', 'operations', '40 countries', '19,800 people', 'Netherlands', 'Story', 'AEX', 'ADRs', 'WTKWY', 'wolterskluwer', 'Twitter', 'Facebook', 'LinkedIn', 'YouTube', 'Analysts', 'report', 'words', 'uncertainties', 'Factors', 'limitation', 'markets', 'behavior', 'suppliers', 'competitors', 'implementation', 'execution', 'outsourcing', 'businesses', 'mergers', 'acquisitions', 'divestments', 'addition', 'liquidity', 'intention', 'Attachment']",2022-04-14,2022-04-15,finance.yahoo.com
2943,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20220413005865/en/MaaT-Pharma-Publishes-its-2021-Annual-Results-and-Provides-a-Business-Overview,MaaT Pharma Publishes its 2021 Annual Results and Provides a Business Overview,LYON  France--(BUSINESS WIRE)---- $MAAT--Regulatory News: MaaT Pharma (EURONEXT: MAAT – the “Company”)  a French clinical-stage biotech and a pioneer in the development of microbiome-based ecosystem therapies dedicated to improving survival outcomes for patie…,LYON  France--(BUSINESS WIRE)--Regulatory News:MaaT Pharma (EURONEXT: MAAT – the “Company”)  a French clinical-stage biotech and a pioneer in the development of microbiome-based ecosystem therapies dedicated to improving survival outcomes for patients with cancer today reported full-year 2021 revenues and provided a business overview for 2022.Hervé Affagard  CEO and co-founder of MaaT Pharma stated  “We are proud of our accomplishments regarding our clinical programs and of the success of our IPO on Euronext last November. With the support of our historical shareholders and new institutional and individual investors  we have already achieved key milestones in our clinical activities (MaaT013 in pivotal Phase 3 and MaaT033 in Phase 1b) and expect to continue this growth path in 2022 with the ongoing patient enrollment for our pivotal Phase 3  the initiation of Phase 2/3 for MaaT033  building our manufacturing facility and preparing the entry of MaaT03X for clinical study in 2023. In line with the strategic roadmap presented during the IPO  we have a good financial visibility up to the end of the third quarter of 2023.”Key Financial ResultsThe key audited financial results for the 2021 full-year are as follows:Income StatementIn thousands of euros 31 December 2021 31 December 2020 Revenue 972 - Cost of Goods Sold (166) - Gross Margin 806 - Other Income 2 390 2 136 Sales and distribution costs (217) - General and administrative costs (2 727) (1 289) Research and development costs (9 145) (6 099) Operating income (expense) (8 893) (5 252) Financial Income 0 0 Financial Expense (126) (49) Net financial income (expense) (126) (49) Income (loss) before income tax (9 019) (5 301) Income tax expense - - Net Income (loss) for the period (9 019) (5 301)Prepared in accordance with international standards  IFRSRevenues totaled €1.0 million for the year ended December 31  2021  which includes compensation invoiced since the first half of 2021 from the ATUn program (Temporary Authorization for Use  now known as compassionate access following legislative changes). The gross margin generated by the compassionate access program amount to €0.8 million.Operating expense amounted to €8.9 million compared with €5.3 million for 2020  an increase of €3.6 million. This increase reflects the growth of research and development costs which have risen from €6.1 million in 2020 to €9.1 million in 2021  representing an overall increase of €3.0 million and consistent with the advancement of activities:MaaT013: conclusion of the Phase 2 clinical trial  HERACLES  for the treatment of acute Graft-versus-Host Disease (aGvHD)  for which an oral presentation of additional data was conducted at the American Society of Hematology (ASH) Conference in December 2021. Preparation and initiation of the pivotal clinical trial  ARES  for which the first patient was dosed in March 2022conclusion of the Phase 2 clinical trial  HERACLES  for the treatment of acute Graft-versus-Host Disease (aGvHD)  for which an oral presentation of additional data was conducted at the American Society of Hematology (ASH) Conference in December 2021. Preparation and initiation of the pivotal clinical trial  ARES  for which the first patient was dosed in March 2022 MaaT033: continuation of the Phase 1b clinical trial  CIMON  for which positive interim engraftment data and a satisfactory safety were announced in January 2022continuation of the Phase 1b clinical trial  CIMON  for which positive interim engraftment data and a satisfactory safety were announced in January 2022 MaaT03x: conduct of pre-clinical trialsconduct of pre-clinical trials Conclusion of a partnership with Skyepharma to establish cGMP manufacturing facility dedicated to ecosystem microbiome-based therapeutics which will be operational in 2023 and for which an initial down payment was made in 2021General and administrative expenses amounted to €2.7 million compared with €1.3 million in 2020 reflecting the structuring of the Company to meet the needs of a public listing and to support the different clinical and development programs.The net loss amounts to €9.0 million for the year ended 31 December 2021 compared with €5.3 million for the year ended 31 December 2020  reflecting the roadmap presented during the Company's IPO.Average annual employees evolved from 24 in 2020 to 33 in 2021 following the strengthening of the Medical Affairs team  along with the R&D and Technical departments as well as Business development. Dr John Weinberg  CMO  has resigned from his position to pursue other activities and will leave the Company in early May. Following the recruitment of several experienced personnel within the clinical and regulatory teams  no impact is expected on the ongoing clinical trials because of this change.Cash PositionAs of December 31  2021  total cash and cash equivalents were €43.3 million  as compared to €15.3. million as of June 30  2021  and €19.9 million as of December 31  2020.The net increase in cash position of €23.4 million between December 31  2020 and December 31  2021 is due to the Company’s IPO on Euronext and corresponding capital raise generating net cash inflow of €32.4 million  offset by the financing of operations  including R&D and general & administrative costs  for a total of €7.9 million. Net cash outflows from debt repayments over 2021 amounted to €1.0 million and total financial debt (including lease liabilities) totaled €6.5 million as of December 31  2021  of which €1.0 million relates to state-backed loans (“PGE”).Based on the development plans and corresponding cash needs the Company believes it has sufficient cash to finance up until the end of the third quarter of 2023.Major milestones achieved in 2021 and at the beginning of 2022March 2021: Release of positive topline results for Phase 2 trial evaluating MaaT013 in a high-risk patient population with grade III-IV steroid-refractory  gastrointestinal-predominant acute graft-versus-host disease.Release of positive topline results for Phase 2 trial evaluating MaaT013 in a high-risk patient population with grade III-IV steroid-refractory  gastrointestinal-predominant acute graft-versus-host disease. July 2021: Non-dilutive funding of €1.9 million for its “MEPA” project through the France Relance “Resilience” program to support the industrialization of manufacturing processes for a new generation of microbiome ecosystem therapies in immuno-oncology.Non-dilutive funding of €1.9 million for its “MEPA” project through the France Relance “Resilience” program to support the industrialization of manufacturing processes for a new generation of microbiome ecosystem therapies in immuno-oncology. November 2021: Initial Public Offering on Euronext: MaaT Pharma became the first company developing microbiome-based drugs to be listed on the regulated market of Euronext Paris and raised €35.7 million As part of the France Relance plan  the Company was a successful candidate to the 4th Investment for the Future Program (“4 ème Programme Investissements d’Avenir” or PIA4) for its METIO project (“Development of the first European innovative Microbiome Ecosystem Therapies in Immuno-Oncology”)  which makes it eligible to €4.26 million in funding  for which a first payment of €1.1 million was received in January 2022.December 2021: Presentation of additional promising results from Phase 2 trial in 24 patients with steroid-resistant Grade III-IV gastrointestinal aGvHD (GI-aGvHD) and from a compassionate use program (Early Access Program or EAP) for MaaT013 in France in 52 patients with Grade II-IV GI-aGvHD. Safety signals were consistent with the adverse events profile expected in this patient population.Presentation of additional promising results from Phase 2 trial in 24 patients with steroid-resistant Grade III-IV gastrointestinal aGvHD (GI-aGvHD) and from a compassionate use program (Early Access Program or EAP) for MaaT013 in France in 52 patients with Grade II-IV GI-aGvHD. Safety signals were consistent with the adverse events profile expected in this patient population. January 2022: Release of positive preliminary and interim engraftment data for MaaT033 allowing early termination of Phase 1b study investigating the maximum tolerated dose of MaaT033 in patients with acute myeloid leukemia (AML) who have undergone intensive chemotherapy.Release of positive preliminary and interim engraftment data for MaaT033 allowing early termination of Phase 1b study investigating the maximum tolerated dose of MaaT033 in patients with acute myeloid leukemia (AML) who have undergone intensive chemotherapy. February 2022: Announcement of the partnership with Skyepharma providing MaaT Pharma with a dedicated +16 150 square foot site  with the potential to go up to 32 300 sq ft if needed  to increase its cGMP manufacturing capacities to support clinical and then commercial development of its most advanced assets MaaT013 and MaaT033  as well as to expand R&D manufacturing capacities for its new drug generation (MaaT03x).Announcement of the partnership with Skyepharma providing MaaT Pharma with a dedicated +16 150 square foot site  with the potential to go up to 32 300 sq ft if needed  to increase its cGMP manufacturing capacities to support clinical and then commercial development of its most advanced assets MaaT013 and MaaT033  as well as to expand R&D manufacturing capacities for its new drug generation (MaaT03x). March 2022: Initiation of clinical pivotal Phase 3 trial in Europe  a world first for a microbiome-based therapy in onco-hematology: an open-label  single-arm study (NCT04769895)  evaluating the safety and efficacy of MaaT013  the high-richness  high-diversity lead Microbiome Ecosystem Therapy (MET) as a third-line therapy in patients with gastrointestinal aGvHD. Implementation of a liquidity contract with Kepler Cheuvreux to enhance the liquidity of the MaaT Pharma shares admitted to trading on Euronext Paris in conformity with applicable legislation. A total of 200 000 euros will be allocated to the liquidity contract.April 2022: Initiation of a randomized  placebo-controlled Phase 2a proof of concept clinical trial  sponsored by AP-HP  evaluating MaaT013 in combination with immune checkpoint inhibitors (ICI)  ipilimumab (Yervoy®) and nivolumab (Opdivo®)  which are standard first line treatments for patients with metastatic melanoma.Key milestones targeted in 2022First semester 2022:The Company expects to publish the full topline results of the Phase 1b clinical trial of MaaT033  its second drug candidate  performed in patients with acute myeloid leukemia.End of second semester 2022:A pivotal Phase 2/3 may start to evaluate MaaT033 as a prophylactic treatment in patients with liquid tumors receiving allo-HSCT.Ongoing: In line with 2021  the Company continues its early access program in France  allowing patients to benefit from early access to MaaT013 therapy  mainly for the treatment of acute Graft-vs-host-Disease. Outside of France  the Company has responded positively to individual requests for compassionate access in other European countries.Upcoming financial communication*May 05  2022 – Revenues and Cash Position Quarter 1May 31  2022 – Annual General MeetingJuly 28  2022 – Revenues and Cash Position Quarter 2September 29  2022 – Half-year Results 2022*Indicative calendar that may be subject to change.Upcoming investor conference participationApril 21  2022 - 14 th Kempen Life Sciences Conference  AmsterdamKempen Life Sciences Conference  Amsterdam June 30  2022 – 9 th Portzamparc Annual conference  ParisPortzamparc Annual conference  Paris September 15 and 16  2022 – KBCS Life Sciences ConferenceAbout MaaT PharmaMaaT Pharma  a clinical stage biotechnology company  has established a complete approach to restoring patient-microbiome symbiosis in oncology. Committed to treating cancer and graft-versus-host disease (GvHD)  a serious complication of allogeneic stem cell transplantation  MaaT Pharma has launched  in March 2022  a Phase 3 clinical trial for patients with acute GvHD  following the achievement of its proof of concept in a Phase 2 trial. Its powerful discovery and analysis platform  gutPrint®  supports the development and expansion of its pipeline by determining novel disease targets  evaluating drug candidates  and identifying biomarkers for microbiome-related conditions.The company’s Microbiome Ecosystem Therapies are produced through a standardized cGMP manufacturing and quality control process to safely deliver the full diversity of the microbiome  in liquid and oral formulations. MaaT Pharma benefits from the commitment of world-leading scientists and established relationships with regulators to support the integration of the use of microbiome therapies in clinical practice.MaaT Pharma is listed on Euronext Paris (ticker: MAAT).Forward-looking StatementsAll statements other than statements of historical fact included in this press release about future events are subject to (i) change without notice and (ii) factors beyond the Company’s control. These statements may include  without limitation  any statements preceded by  followed by or including words such as “target ” “believe ” “expect ” “aim ” “intend ” “may ” “anticipate ” “estimate ” “plan ” “project ” “will ” “can have ” “likely ” “should ” “would ” “could” and other words and terms of similar meaning or the negative thereof. Forward-looking statements are subject to inherent risks and uncertainties beyond the Company’s control that could cause the Company’s actual results or performance to be materially different from the expected results or performance expressed or implied by such forward-looking statements.,neutral,0.03,0.95,0.02,mixed,0.51,0.16,0.33,True,English,"['MaaT Pharma', '2021 Annual Results', 'Business Overview', 'positive interim engraftment data', 'Phase 1b clinical trial', 'French clinical-stage biotech', 'microbiome-based ecosystem therapies', 'acute Graft-versus-Host Disease', 'ecosystem microbiome-based therapeutics', 'initial down payment', 'Average annual employees', 'Medical Affairs team', 'Dr John Weinberg', 'several experienced personnel', 'good financial visibility', 'Phase 2 clinical trial', 'pivotal clinical trial', 'ongoing patient enrollment', 'cGMP manufacturing facility', 'ongoing clinical trials', 'compassionate access program', 'Key Financial Results', 'Net financial income', 'Income tax expense', 'pivotal Phase', 'additional data', 'clinical programs', 'clinical study', 'different clinical', 'ATUn program', 'Net Income', 'first patient', 'pre-clinical trials', 'clinical activities', 'Financial Expense', 'Income Statement', 'Other Income', 'Operating income', 'BUSINESS WIRE', 'Regulatory News', 'survival outcomes', 'business overview', 'Hervé Affagard', 'historical shareholders', 'new institutional', 'individual investors', 'key milestones', 'third quarter', 'Gross Margin', 'distribution costs', 'administrative costs', 'international standards', 'first half', 'Temporary Authorization', 'legislative changes', 'oral presentation', 'American Society', 'ASH) Conference', 'satisfactory safety', 'administrative expenses', 'public listing', 'R&D', 'Technical departments', 'early May', 'regulatory teams', 'total cash', 'cash equivalents', 'development costs', 'Operating expense', 'development programs', 'Business development', 'net increase', 'MaaT Pharma', 'other activities', 'Cash Position', 'net loss', 'growth path', 'strategic roadmap', 'overall increase', 'full-year 2021 revenues', '2021 full-year', 'LYON', 'France', 'EURONEXT', 'Company', 'pioneer', 'patients', 'cancer', 'CEO', 'founder', 'accomplishments', 'success', 'IPO', 'support', 'MaaT013', 'MaaT033', 'initiation', 'entry', 'MaaT03X', 'line', 'end', 'thousands', 'euros', 'Goods', 'Sales', 'General', 'Research', 'period', 'accordance', 'IFRS', 'December', 'compensation', 'Use', 'advancement', 'conclusion', 'HERACLES', 'treatment', 'aGvHD', 'Hematology', 'Preparation', 'ARES', 'March', 'continuation', 'CIMON', 'January 2022', 'conduct', 'partnership', 'Skyepharma', 'structuring', 'needs', 'strengthening', 'CMO', 'recruitment', 'impact', 'June']",2022-04-14,2022-04-15,businesswire.com
2945,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20220414005239/en/Vecima-Releases-New-Terrace-IQ-Feature-Set-including-HLS-Input-with-Verimatrix-Digital-Rights-Management,Vecima Releases New Terrace IQ Feature Set  including HLS Input with Verimatrix Digital Rights Management,VICTORIA  British Columbia--(BUSINESS WIRE)--Vecima announces the release of a new Terrace IQ feature set which includes HTTP Live Streaming input with Verimatrix digital rights management.,VICTORIA  British Columbia--(BUSINESS WIRE)--Vecima Networks Inc. (TSX: VCM) announced today the release of a new Terrace IQ™ feature set which includes HTTP Live Streaming (HLS) input with Verimatrix digital rights management (DRM). The Vecima Terrace portfolio of Commercial Video Gateways allows operators to efficiently deliver bulk video services and enables a transition from legacy video delivery to more modern technologies such as Adaptive Bitrate (ABR) delivery. The features announced today extend Vecima’s innovative  market-leading position in Commercial Video Gateways.The addition of support for Verimatrix’s DRM platform is an exciting evolution of Terrace IQ’s IP-enabled video delivery feature set. In addition to already supporting Secure Reliable Transport (SRT)  Terrace IQ also supports high channel capacity  integrated transcoding  Pro:Idiom® encryption  IP output  and QAM output in a modular form factor. Where protection of high value content is paramount  Vecima customers have recognized Verimatrix as an industry leader.“Verimatrix prides itself in providing customers with the latest anti-piracy technologies to help drive their modernization strategy ” said Asaf Ashkenazi  Chief Operating Officer and President at Verimatrix. “It’s all about bringing value to customers and filling their needs. By working directly with Vecima for many years now  that strategy continues to be enhanced.”“We are proud of our work with Verimatrix on the new Terrace IQ feature set  as well as many other initiatives through the years ” said Clay McCreery  Chief Operating Officer at Vecima. “Both Vecima and Verimatrix bring passion and expertise to the industry with the mission to provide unmatched video gateway performance that can be easily deployed in large numbers with operational ease and spending efficiency.”More information about Terrace IQ is available at vecima.com/products/terrace/iq/.About VerimatrixVerimatrix (Euronext Paris: VMX) helps power the modern connected world with security made for people. We protect digital content  applications  and devices with intuitive  people-centered  and frictionless security. Leading brands turn to Verimatrix to secure everything from premium movies and live streaming sports to sensitive financial and healthcare data  to mission-critical mobile applications. We enable the trusted connections our customers depend on to deliver compelling content and experiences to millions of consumers around the world. Verimatrix helps partners get to market faster  scale easily  protect valuable revenue streams  and win new business. Visit www.verimatrix.com.About Vecima NetworksVecima Networks Inc. (TSX: VCM) is leading the global evolution to the multi-gigabit  content-rich networks of the future. Our talented people deliver future-ready software  services  and integrated platforms that power broadband and video streaming networks  monitor and manage transportation  and transform experiences in homes  businesses  and everywhere people connect. We help our customers evolve their networks with cloud-based solutions that deliver ground-breaking speed  superior video quality  and exciting new services to their subscribers. Learn more at vecima.com.,neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,positive,0.54,0.43,0.03,True,English,"['New Terrace IQ Feature Set', 'Verimatrix Digital Rights Management', 'HLS Input', 'Vecima', 'IP-enabled video delivery feature set', 'new Terrace IQ™ feature set', 'new Terrace IQ feature set', 'unmatched video gateway performance', 'The Vecima Terrace portfolio', 'Verimatrix digital rights management', 'legacy video delivery', 'Commercial Video Gateways', 'superior video quality', 'innovative, market-leading position', 'Secure Reliable Transport', 'high channel capacity', 'Pro:Idiom® encryption', 'modular form factor', 'Chief Operating Officer', 'valuable revenue streams', 'video streaming networks', 'bulk video services', 'exciting new services', 'latest anti-piracy technologies', 'many other initiatives', 'multi-gigabit, content-rich networks', 'HTTP Live Streaming', 'mission-critical mobile applications', 'high value content', 'Vecima Networks Inc.', 'new business', 'ABR) delivery', 'digital content', 'exciting evolution', 'compelling content', 'British Columbia', 'BUSINESS WIRE', 'HLS) input', 'modern technologies', 'Adaptive Bitrate', 'integrated transcoding', 'IP output', 'QAM output', 'Asaf Ashkenazi', 'many years', 'Clay McCreery', 'large numbers', 'operational ease', 'spending efficiency', 'More information', 'Euronext Paris', 'intuitive, people-centered', 'Leading brands', 'premium movies', 'sensitive financial', 'healthcare data', 'trusted connections', 'global evolution', 'future-ready software', 'integrated platforms', 'cloud-based solutions', 'ground-breaking speed', 'DRM platform', 'industry leader', 'modernization strategy', 'frictionless security', 'talented people', 'Vecima customers', 'VICTORIA', 'TSX', 'VCM', 'release', 'operators', 'transition', 'features', 'addition', 'support', 'SRT', 'protection', 'President', 'needs', 'passion', 'expertise', 'products', 'VMX', 'world', 'devices', 'everything', 'sports', 'experiences', 'millions', 'consumers', 'partners', 'broadband', 'transportation', 'homes', 'businesses', 'subscribers']",2022-04-14,2022-04-15,businesswire.com
2946,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20220414005553/en/Airgas-Air-Separation-Unit-in-Cleburne-Texas-Adds-Wind-Energy-to-Power-Mix,Airgas Air Separation Unit in Cleburne  Texas Adds Wind Energy to Power Mix,RADNOR  Pa.--(BUSINESS WIRE)--2022.04.14 - Airgas Air Separation Unit in Cleburne  Texas Adds Wind Energy to Power Mix,Airgas  an Air Liquide company  is purchasing wind power for an Air Separation Unit (ASU) in Cleburne  Texas  outside of Dallas  making it the first Airgas primary production unit to be powered with an energy mix that includes locally sourced renewable energy. (NextEra image)Airgas  an Air Liquide company  is purchasing wind power for an Air Separation Unit (ASU) in Cleburne  Texas  outside of Dallas  making it the first Airgas primary production unit to be powered with an energy mix that includes locally sourced renewable energy. (NextEra image)RADNOR  Pa.--(BUSINESS WIRE)--Airgas  an Air Liquide company  is purchasing wind power for an Air Separation Unit (ASU) in Cleburne  Texas  outside of Dallas  making it the first Airgas primary production unit to be powered with an energy mix that includes locally sourced renewable energy. The ASU produces liquid argon  nitrogen and oxygen and will run on wind power mixed with other energy sources  cutting the overall carbon footprint by an estimated 15 840 metric tons per year. This is equivalent to the CO 2 emissions associated with the electricity used by approximately 3 000 U.S. homes every year.Airgas began receiving wind power at the Cleburne plant in November from a nearby subsidiary of NextEra Energy Resources  LLC  the world’s largest generator of renewable energy from the wind and sun. Airgas is leveraging around 20 percent of the renewable wind electricity purchased through an Air Liquide Power Purchase Agreement announced in and planned for since 2018.In addition to the renewable energy purchased for the Cleburne plant  Airgas is continuing to evaluate new local renewable energy sources for other ASUs in other markets as well. Airgas purchases unbundled Renewable Energy Certificates (RECs) – certifying megawatt hours of electricity generated and delivered to the grid from a renewable energy source – for Air Separation Units operating across the United States.Airgas will continue to increase its renewable energy mix for primary production units in contribution to Air Liquide Group efforts to reduce Scope 1 and Scope 2 CO 2 emissions by 33 percent by 2035 on the path to carbon neutrality by 2050.Marcelo Fioranelli  CEO  commented: “Airgas is very proud to be using new renewable energy sources to run our Air Separation Units  whether from local sources where available like Cleburne  Texas  or through Renewable Energy Certificates. We are reducing our carbon footprint at an accelerated pace and pushing forward to help our customers environmentally optimize their own processes.”Airgas  Inc.Airgas®  an Air Liquide company  is a leading U.S. supplier of industrial  medical and specialty gases  as well as hardgoods and related products; one of the largest U.S. suppliers of safety products; and a leading U.S. supplier of ammonia products and process chemicals.Dedicated to improving the performance of its more than 1 million customers  Airgas safely and reliably provides products  services and expertise through its more than 18 000 associates  over 1 400 locations  robust e-Business platform  and Airgas Total Access® telesales channel.As an Air Liquide company  a world leader in gases  technology and services for Industry and Health  Airgas offers customers an unrivaled global footprint and industry-leading technology and innovations.For more information  please visit www.airgas.com.________________________________________________________A world leader in gases  technologies and services for Industry and Health  Air Liquide is present in 75 countries with approximately 66 400 employees and serves more than 3.8 million customers and patients. Oxygen  nitrogen and hydrogen are essential small molecules for life  matter and energy. They embody Air Liquide’s scientific territory and have been at the core of the company’s activities since its creation in 1902.Air Liquide’s ambition is to be a leader in its industry  deliver long term performance and contribute to sustainability - with a strong commitment to climate change and energy transition at the heart of its strategy. The company’s customer-centric transformation strategy aims at profitable  regular and responsible growth over the long term. It relies on operational excellence  selective investments  open innovation and a network organization implemented by the Group worldwide. Through the commitment and inventiveness of its people  Air Liquide leverages energy and environment transition  changes in healthcare and digitization  and delivers greater value to all its stakeholders.Air Liquide’s revenue amounted to more than 23 billion euros in 2021. Air Liquide is listed on the Euronext Paris stock exchange (compartment A) and belongs to the CAC 40  CAC 40 ESG  EURO STOXX 50 and FTSE4Good indexes.,neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,neutral,0.06,0.92,0.02,True,English,"['Airgas Air Separation Unit', 'Wind Energy', 'Power Mix', 'Cleburne', 'Texas', 'Airgas Total Access® telesales channel', 'Air Liquide Power Purchase Agreement', 'new local renewable energy sources', 'Euronext Paris stock exchange', 'leading U.S. supplier', 'first Airgas primary production unit', 'largest U.S. suppliers', 'new renewable energy sources', 'unbundled Renewable Energy Certificates', 'Air Liquide Group efforts', '3,000 U.S. homes', 'primary production units', 'Air Separation Unit', 'robust e-Business platform', 'essential small molecules', 'unrivaled global footprint', 'other energy sources', 'Air Liquide company', 'overall carbon footprint', 'customer-centric transformation strategy', 'NextEra Energy Resources', 'renewable energy mix', 'Scope 2 CO 2 emissions', 'local sources', 'long term performance', 'renewable wind electricity', 'largest generator', 'energy transition', 'wind power', 'NextEra image', 'other ASUs', 'other markets', 'carbon neutrality', 'liquid argon', '15,840 metric tons', 'nearby subsidiary', 'megawatt hours', 'United States', 'Marcelo Fioranelli', 'accelerated pace', 'industrial, medical', 'process chemicals', 'scientific territory', 'climate change', 'profitable, regular', 'responsible growth', 'operational excellence', 'selective investments', 'open innovation', 'network organization', 'environment transition', 'greater value', '23 billion euros', 'compartment A', 'EURO STOXX 50', 'FTSE4Good indexes', 'related products', 'safety products', 'ammonia products', '1 million customers', 'industry-leading technology', '3.8 million customers', 'strong commitment', 'CAC 40 ESG', 'world leader', 'Cleburne plant', 'specialty gases', 'The ASU', 'Airgas®', 'Texas', 'Dallas', 'RADNOR', 'nitrogen', 'oxygen', 'year', 'November', 'sun', '20 percent', 'addition', 'RECs', 'grid', 'contribution', '33 percent', 'path', 'CEO', 'processes', 'hardgoods', 'services', 'expertise', '18,000 associates', '1,400 locations', 'Health', 'innovations', 'information', 'technologies', '75 countries', '66,400 employees', 'patients', 'hydrogen', 'life', 'matter', 'core', 'activities', 'creation', 'ambition', 'sustainability', 'heart', 'inventiveness', 'people', 'changes', 'digitization', 'stakeholders', 'revenue']",2022-04-14,2022-04-15,businesswire.com
2947,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/bghl-eur-nav-053000503.html,BGHL (EUR): NAV(s),BOUSSARD & GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITED Ordinary Shares The Directors of Boussard & Gavaudan Holding Limited would like to announce the following information for...,"BOUSSARD AND GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITED (EUR)BOUSSARD & GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITEDOrdinary SharesThe Directors of Boussard & Gavaudan Holding Limited would like to announce the following information for the Company.Close of business 13 Apr 2022.Estimated NAVEuro Shares Sterling Shares Estimated NAV € 28.7046 £ 24.9172 Estimated MTD return 0.88 % 0.91 % Estimated YTD return -1.70 % -1.53 % Estimated ITD return 187.05 % 149.17 %NAV and returns are calculated net of management and performance feesMarket informationEuro Shares Amsterdam (AEX) London (LSE) Market Close € 23.60 N/A Premium/discount to estimated NAV -17.78 % N/A Sterling Shares Amsterdam (AEX) London (LSE) Market Close N/A GBX 2 000.00 Premium/discount to estimated NAV N/A -19.73 %Transactions in own securities purchased into treasuryOrdinary Shares Euro Shares Sterling Shares Number of shares N/A N/A Average Price N/A N/A Range of Price N/A N/ALiquidity Enhancement Agreement Euro Shares Sterling Shares Number of shares N/A N/A Average Price N/A N/ABGHL CapitalBGHL Ordinary Shares Euro Shares Sterling Shares Shares Outstanding 12 316 588 130 254 Held in treasury N/A N/A Shares Issued 12 316 588 130 254Estimated BG Fund NAVClass B Euro Shares (estimated) € 248.1865 Class GBP A Shares (estimated) £ 132.6886The Class B Euro Shares of BG Fund are not subject to investment manager fees  as the Investment Manager receives management fees and performance fees in respect of its role as Investment Manager of BGHL.For further information please contact:Boussard & Gavaudan Investment Management  LLP.Emmanuel Gavaudan +44 (0) 20 3751 5389 Email : info@bgam-uk.comThe Company is established as a closed-ended investment company domiciled in Guernsey. The Company has received the necessary approval of the Guernsey Financial Services Commission and the States of Guernsey Policy Council. The Company is registered with the Dutch Authority for the Financial Markets as a collective investment scheme pursuant to article 2:73 in conjunction with 2:66 of the Dutch Financial Supervision Act (Wet op het financieel toezicht). The shares of the Company (the ""Shares"") are listed on Euronext Amsterdam. The Shares are also listed on the Official List of the UK Listing Authority and admitted to trading on the London Stock Exchange plc's main market for listed securities.Story continuesThis is not an offer to sell or a solicitation of any offer to buy any securities in the United States or in any other jurisdiction. This announcement is not intended to and does not constitute  or form part of  any offer or invitation to purchase any securities or the solicitation of any vote or approval in any jurisdiction  nor shall there be any sale  issuance or transfer of the securities referred to in this announcement in any jurisdiction in contravention of applicable law.Neither the Company nor BG Fund ICAV has been  and neither will be  registered under the US Investment Company Act of 1940  as amended (the ""Investment Company Act""). In addition the securities referenced in this announcement have not been and will not be registered under the US Securities Act of 1933  as amended (the ""Securities Act""). Consequently any such securities may not be offered  sold or otherwise transferred within the United States or to  or for the account or benefit of  US persons except in accordance with the Securities Act or an exemption therefrom and under circumstances which will not require the issuer of such securities to register under the Investment Company Act. No public offering of any securities will be made in the United States.You should always bear in mind that:all investment is subject to risk;results in the past are no guarantee of future results;the investment performance of BGHL may go down as well as up. You may not get back all of your original investment; andif you are in any doubt about the contents of this communication or if you consider making an investment decision  you are advised to seek expert financial advice.This communication is for information purposes only and the information contained in this communication should not be relied upon as a substitute for financial or other professional advice.Attachment",neutral,0.0,0.99,0.01,mixed,0.12,0.31,0.56,True,English,"['BGHL', 'EUR', 'NAV', 'A Liquidity Enhancement Agreement Euro Shares Sterling Shares Number', 'The Class B Euro Shares', 'BGHL Ordinary Shares Euro Shares', 'Class GBP A Shares', 'A N/A Average Price', 'N/A Sterling Shares Amsterdam', 'London Stock Exchange plc', 'Guernsey Financial Services Commission', 'treasury N/A N/A Shares', 'Dutch Financial Supervision Act', 'Sterling Shares Shares', 'Euro Shares Amsterdam', 'A N/A Range', 'US Investment Company Act', 'GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITED', 'expert financial advice', 'Guernsey Policy Council', 'collective investment scheme', 'UK Listing Authority', 'other professional advice', 'BG Fund ICAV', 'closed-ended investment company', 'US Securities Act', 'Gavaudan Investment Management', 'investment manager fees', 'BG Fund NAV', 'The Shares', 'N/A GBX', 'Dutch Authority', 'Euronext Amsterdam', 'US persons', 'Emmanuel Gavaudan', 'Financial Markets', 'The Directors', 'The Company', 'investment performance', 'original investment', 'investment decision', 'performance fees', 'BGHL Capital', 'management fees', 'MTD return', 'YTD return', 'ITD return', 'financieel toezicht', 'Official List', 'applicable law', 'public offering', 'other jurisdiction', 'main market', 'United States', 'following information', 'information purposes', 'necessary approval', 'future results', 'listed securities', 'Market information', 'LSE) Market', 'BOUSSARD', 'business', 'Apr', 'returns', 'AEX', 'Transactions', 'respect', 'role', 'LLP.', 'Email', 'bgam', 'article', 'conjunction', 'Story', 'solicitation', 'announcement', 'part', 'invitation', 'vote', 'sale', 'issuance', 'transfer', 'contravention', 'addition', 'account', 'benefit', 'accordance', 'exemption', 'circumstances', 'issuer', 'mind', 'risk', 'past', 'guarantee', 'doubt', 'contents', 'communication', 'substitute', 'Attachment', '78']",2022-04-14,2022-04-15,finance.yahoo.com
2948,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/diamcor-mining-inc-announces-participation-190000444.html,Diamcor Mining Inc. Announces Participation at the NobleCon 18 Annual Investor Conference,"KELOWNA  BC / ACCESSWIRE / April 14  2022 / Diamcor Mining Inc.DMI)  (OTCQB-DMIFF)  (FRA:DC3A)  (""Diamcor"" or  the ""Company"") announced today that its CEO...","KELOWNA  BC / ACCESSWIRE / April 14  2022 / Diamcor Mining Inc. (TSX-V.DMI)  (OTCQB-DMIFF)  (FRA:DC3A)  (""Diamcor"" or  the ""Company"") announced today that its CEO  Mr. Dean Taylor will attend and be presenting at NobleCon18 - Noble Capital Markets' Eighteenth Annual Investor Conference at the Hard Rock Hotel & Casino  Hollywood  Florida - on Thursday April 21  2022 at 1:30 pm ET in Seminole Ballroom A. There is also the opportunity to meet with management at our Breakout Sessions scheduled on Wednesday April 20th  12:15 pm ET - Table 4 and 3:15 pm ET - Table 12.A high-definition  video webcast of the presentation will be available the following day on the Company's website www.diamcormining.com and as part of a complete catalog of presentations available at Noble Capital Markets' Conference website: www.nobleconference.com and on Channelchek www.channelchek.com the investor portal created by Noble. The webcast will be archived on the company's website  the NobleCon website and on Channelchek.com for 90 days following the eventAbout Diamcor Mining Inc.Diamcor Mining Inc. is a fully reporting publicly traded junior diamond mining company which is listed on the TSX Venture Exchange under the symbol V.DMI  and on the OTC QB International under the symbol DMIFF. The Company has a well-established operational and production history in South Africa and extensive prior experience supplying rough diamonds to the world market.About Noble Capital Markets  Inc.Noble Capital Markets (""Noble"") is a research driven investment bank that has supported small & microcap companies since 1984. As a FINRA and SEC licensed broker dealer Noble provides institutional-quality equity research  merchant and investment banking  and order execution services. In 2005  Noble established NobleCon  an investor conference that has grown substantially over the last decade. Noble launched www.channelchek.com in 2018 - an investor community dedicated exclusively to public small and micro-cap companies and their industries. Channelchek is the first service to offer institutional-quality research to the public  for FREE at every level without a subscription. More than 6 000 public emerging growth companies are listed on the site  with growing content including research  webcasts  podcasts  and balanced news.Story continuesAbout the Tiffany & Co. AllianceThe Company has established a long-term strategic alliance and first right of refusal with Tiffany & Co. Canada  a subsidiary of world famous New York based Tiffany & Co.  to purchase up to 100% of the future production of rough diamonds from the Krone-Endora at Venetia Project at then current prices to be determined by the parties on an ongoing basis. In conjunction with this first right of refusal  Tiffany & Co. Canada also provided the Company with financing to advance the Project. Tiffany & Co. is owned by Moet Hennessy Louis Vuitton SE (LVMH)  a publicly traded company which is listed on the Paris Stock Exchange (Euronext) under the symbol LVMH and on the OTC under the symbol LVMHF. For additional information on Tiffany & Co.  please visit their website at www.tiffany.com.About Krone-Endora at VenetiaIn February 2011  Diamcor acquired the Krone-Endora at Venetia Project from De Beers Consolidated Mines Limited  consisting of the prospecting rights over the farms Krone 104 and Endora 66  which represent a combined surface area of approximately 5 888 hectares directly adjacent to De Beers' flagship Venetia Diamond Mine in South Africa. On September 11  2014  the Company announced that the South African Department of Mineral Resources had granted a Mining Right for the Krone-Endora at Venetia Project encompassing 657.71 hectares of the Project's total area of 5 888 hectares. The Company has also submitted an application for a mining right over the remaining areas of the Project. The deposits which occur on the properties of Krone and Endora have been identified as a higher-grade ""Alluvial"" basal deposit which is covered by a lower-grade upper ""Eluvial"" deposit. The deposits are proposed to be the result of the direct-shift (in respect to the ""Eluvial"" deposit) and erosion (in respect to the ""Alluvial"" deposit) of material from the higher grounds of the adjacent Venetia Kimberlite areas. The deposits on Krone-Endora occur in two layers with a maximum total depth of approximately 15.0 metres from surface to bedrock  allowing for a very low-cost mining operation to be employed with the potential for near-term diamond production from a known high-quality source. Krone-Endora also benefits from the significant development of infrastructure and services already in place due to its location directly adjacent to the Venetia Mine.Qualified Person Statement:Mr. James P. Hawkins (B.Sc.  P.Geo.)  is Manager of Exploration & Special Projects for Diamcor Mining Inc.  and the Qualified Person in accordance with National Instrument 43-101 responsible for overseeing the execution of Diamcor's exploration programmes and a Member of the Association of Professional Engineers and Geoscientists of Alberta (""APEGA""). Mr. Hawkins has reviewed this press release and approved of its contents.On behalf of the Board of DirectorsMr. Dean H. TaylorPresident & CEODiamcor Mining Inc.www.diamcormining.comFor further information contact:Mr. Dean H. TaylorDiamcor Mining IncDeanT@Diamcor.com+1 250 862-3212Mr. Rich MatthewsIntegrous Communicationsrmatthews@integcom.us+1 (604) -757-7179This press release contains certain forward-looking statements. While these forward-looking statements represent our best current judgement  they are subject to a variety of risks and uncertainties that are beyond the Company's ability to control or predict and which could cause actual events or results to differ materially from those anticipated in such forward-looking statements. Further  the Company expressly disclaims any obligation to update any forward looking statements. Accordingly  readers should not place undue reliance on forward-looking statements.WE SEEK SAFE HARBOURNeither TSX Venture Exchange nor its Regulation Services Provider (as that term is defined in policies of the TSX Venture Exchange) accepts responsibility for the adequacy or accuracy of this release.SOURCE: Diamcor Mining Inc.View source version on accesswire.com:https://www.accesswire.com/697578/Diamcor-Mining-Inc-Announces-Participation-at-the-NobleCon-18-Annual-Investor-Conference",neutral,0.02,0.96,0.02,mixed,0.2,0.32,0.49,True,English,"['NobleCon 18 Annual Investor Conference', 'Diamcor Mining Inc.', 'Participation', ""Noble Capital Markets' Eighteenth Annual Investor Conference"", 'Moet Hennessy Louis Vuitton SE', 'De Beers Consolidated Mines Limited', ""Noble Capital Markets' Conference website"", 'SEC licensed broker dealer', 'world famous New York', 'Mr. James P. Hawkins', 'higher-grade ""Alluvial"" basal deposit', 'lower-grade upper ""Eluvial"" deposit', 'research driven investment bank', 'adjacent Venetia Kimberlite areas', '6,000 public emerging growth companies', 'junior diamond mining company', ""De Beers' flagship"", 'Mr. Dean Taylor', 'Hard Rock Hotel', 'Seminole Ballroom A.', 'extensive prior experience', 'Paris Stock Exchange', 'low-cost mining operation', 'near-term diamond production', 'long-term strategic alliance', 'maximum total depth', 'South African Department', 'Venetia Diamond Mine', 'Diamcor Mining Inc', 'high-definition, video webcast', 'TSX Venture Exchange', 'OTC QB International', 'institutional-quality equity research', 'Qualified Person Statement', 'Wednesday April 20th', 'combined surface area', 'order execution services', 'Alluvial"" deposit', 'investor portal', 'investor community', 'world market', 'investment banking', 'institutional-quality research', 'total area', 'remaining areas', 'P.Geo.', 'Mining Right', 'Venetia Mine', 'microcap companies', 'micro-cap companies', 'production history', 'future production', 'FRA:DC3A', 'Breakout Sessions', 'complete catalog', 'rough diamonds', 'last decade', 'first service', 'growing content', 'balanced news', 'Co. Alliance', 'first right', 'current prices', 'ongoing basis', 'additional information', 'prospecting rights', 'Mineral Resources', 'higher grounds', 'two layers', 'high-quality source', 'significant development', 'B.Sc.', 'Special Projects', 'National Instrument', 'Professional Engineers', 'public small', 'Venetia Project', 'The Company', 'NobleCon website', 'Co. Canada', 'exploration programmes', 'Channelchek.com', 'V.DMI', 'KELOWNA', 'ACCESSWIRE', 'OTCQB-DMIFF', 'CEO', 'NobleCon18', 'Casino', 'Hollywood', 'Florida', 'Thursday', 'opportunity', 'management', 'Table', 'presentation', 'diamcormining', 'nobleconference', '90 days', 'event', 'symbol', 'operational', 'FINRA', 'merchant', 'industries', 'level', 'subscription', 'More', 'webcasts', 'podcasts', 'Tiffany', 'refusal', 'subsidiary', 'Krone-Endora', 'parties', 'conjunction', 'financing', 'LVMH', 'Euronext', 'February', 'farms', '5,888 hectares', 'September', '657.71 hectares', 'application', 'deposits', 'properties', 'result', 'direct-shift', 'respect', 'erosion', 'material', '15.0 metres', 'bedrock', 'potential', 'infrastructure', 'place', 'location', 'Manager', 'accordance', 'Member', 'Association', 'Geoscientists', 'Alberta', 'APE', '1:30', '3:15']",2022-04-14,2022-04-15,finance.yahoo.com
2949,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20220414005022/en/Thales-The-First-Group-to-Join-The-Campus-Cyber-in-Paris-La-D%C3%A9fense-And-Lend-Its-Expertise-to-the-Service-of-This-New-Ecosystem,Thales  The First Group to Join The Campus Cyber in Paris  La Défense  And Lend Its Expertise to the Service of This New Ecosystem,PARIS LA DÉFENSE--(BUSINESS WIRE)--April 2022 saw the arrival of about sixty Thales employees  engineers  consultants  and cybersecurity project managers on the Cyber Campus. To mark the occasion  Patrice Caine underlined its role as a catalyst for internatio…,"Pierre-Yves Jolivet  VP CyberDefence Solution  Marc Darmon  EVP Secure Communications & Information Systems  Michel Van Den Berghe  President of the Campus Cyber and Patrice Caine  Chairman and CEO of Thales at the Campus Cyber. (Photo: Thales)Pierre-Yves Jolivet  VP CyberDefence Solution  Marc Darmon  EVP Secure Communications & Information Systems  Michel Van Den Berghe  President of the Campus Cyber and Patrice Caine  Chairman and CEO of Thales at the Campus Cyber. (Photo: Thales)PARIS LA DÉFENSE--(BUSINESS WIRE)--April 2022 saw the arrival of about sixty Thales employees  engineers  consultants  and cybersecurity project managers on the Cyber Campus. To mark the occasion  Patrice Caine underlined its role as a catalyst for international cyber excellence in a context of globalization and a sharp rise in threats.The Thales teams will soon be joined by teams coming from public and private structures specializing in this field. Thales provides Cyber Campus members with its collaborative platform in the cloud  the first approved “Restricted Diffusion”  Cybels Hub  including Cryptobox (document management and sharing) and Citadel Team (screen sharing).This project  which is a State initiative  is aligned with the structuring programs of a French Security Industries Committee dedicated to cybersecurity and IoT security  which works to instill confidence in the digital sector. This sector is driven by a strong dynamic of innovation and mobilizes skills in artificial intelligence and cryptography as well as talents from various sectors such as IT  telecoms  or defense.This project is being implemented at a time when we are witnessing an upsurge in cyberattacks around the world  on account of the acceleration in digitalization of societies during the health crisis. Administrations  companies of all sizes and operators of vital importance are facing an explosion in the number of attacks  which quadrupled between 2019 and 2020. Among some of the recurring methods used are Ransomware and cyber espionage. The professionalization of cybercriminals combined with their imperative of profitability must now act as a wake-up call and mobilize security players to contribute to the improved training of future talents and the establishment of a robust ecosystem to fight these threats.""Thales was one of the first companies to believe in and support this Campus Cyber project. We are very proud to welcome and host one of the European leaders in cyber."" Michel Van Den Berghe  President of the Campus Cyber.“Thales reaffirms its commitment to an international cybersecurity center of excellence that can pool the know-how of its experts and more successfully counter the proliferation of threats. By becoming a part of this initiative  the Group’s teams will help contribute to projects that raise awareness and provide training on the challenges faced by cybersecurity  which our society so desperately needs today.” Patrice Caine  Chairman and CEO of Thales.With more than 20 years of experience in cybersecurity  Thales is a major supplier of services and systems that help consolidate the sovereignty of its clients.The Group oversees the cybersecurity of the critical information systems of more than 130 major clients  in particular through its six cybersecurity operational centers (COC) located around the world (Canada  France  Hong Kong  Netherlands  United Kingdom  Morocco)  which guarantee that attacks are detected  analyzed and responded to 24 hours a day  7 days a week.The Group is currently recruiting more than 1 000 talents in the field of cybersecurity to better arm itself and prepare for the hybrid conflicts of tomorrow.Find out more about Thales cyber centersWith the Cybersecurity Academy in the Sultanate of Oman  a cybersecurity center in Dubai  a Cyberlab in Belgium specializing in R&D and cyber training  the Research and Development Center in Wales  and the provision of its clients with simulation and training platforms  Cyber ​​Range  Thales is a key partner in the development of the cyber capabilities and skills of nation states.About ThalesThales (Euronext Paris: HO) is a global leader in advanced technologies  investing in digital and “deep tech” innovations – connectivity  big data  artificial intelligence  cybersecurity and quantum computing – to build a confident future crucial for the development of our societies. The Group provides its customers – businesses  organisations and governments – in the defense  aeronautics  space  transport  and digital identity and security domains with solutions  services and products that help them fulfil their critical role  consideration for the individual being the driving force behind all decisions.Thales has 81 000 employees in 68 countries. In 2021 the Group generated sales of €17 billion.VISITCyber ​​Defense Solutions | Thales GroupThe original source-language text of this announcement is the official  authoritative version. Translations are provided as an accommodation only  and should be cross-referenced with the source-language text  which is the only version of the text intended to have legal effect.",neutral,0.08,0.91,0.01,mixed,0.25,0.2,0.55,True,English,"['La Défense', 'First Group', 'Campus Cyber', 'New Ecosystem', 'Thales', 'The', 'Paris', 'Expertise', 'Service', 'Michel Van Den Berghe', 'French Security Industries Committee', 'PARIS LA DÉFENSE', 'six cybersecurity operational centers', 'VP CyberDefence Solution', 'EVP Secure Communications', 'deep tech” innovations', 'official, authoritative version', 'original source-language text', 'international cybersecurity center', 'international cyber excellence', 'Thales cyber centers', 'critical information systems', 'cybersecurity project managers', 'Cyber Campus members', 'sixty Thales employees', 'Campus Cyber project', 'Cyber \u200b\u200bDefense Solutions', 'The Thales teams', 'R&D', 'Euronext Paris', 'IoT security', 'security players', 'security domains', 'Pierre-Yves Jolivet', 'Marc Darmon', 'Patrice Caine', 'BUSINESS WIRE', 'sharp rise', 'private structures', 'collaborative platform', 'Restricted Diffusion', 'Cybels Hub', 'document management', 'Citadel Team', 'structuring programs', 'strong dynamic', 'artificial intelligence', 'various sectors', 'health crisis', 'vital importance', 'recurring methods', 'cyber espionage', 'wake-up call', 'robust ecosystem', 'European leaders', 'major supplier', 'Hong Kong', 'United Kingdom', 'hybrid conflicts', 'Cyber \u200b\u200bRange', 'key partner', 'cyber capabilities', 'nation states', 'global leader', 'advanced technologies', 'big data', 'quantum computing', 'confident future', 'critical role', 'driving force', 'The Group', 'Cybersecurity Academy', 'improved training', 'cyber training', 'training platforms', 'Development Center', 'digital identity', 'screen sharing', 'State initiative', 'first companies', 'future talents', '130 major clients', 'digital sector', 'Thales Group', '81,000 employees', '1,000 talents', 'President', 'Chairman', 'CEO', 'Photo', 'April', 'arrival', 'engineers', 'consultants', 'occasion', 'catalyst', 'context', 'globalization', 'threats', 'public', 'field', 'cloud', 'Cryptobox', 'confidence', 'skills', 'cryptography', 'telecoms', 'time', 'upsurge', 'cyberattacks', 'world', 'account', 'acceleration', 'digitalization', 'societies', 'Administrations', 'sizes', 'operators', 'explosion', 'number', 'Ransomware', 'professionalization', 'cybercriminals', 'imperative', 'profitability', 'establishment', 'commitment', 'know-how', 'experts', 'proliferation', 'projects', 'awareness', 'challenges', 'society', '20 years', 'experience', 'services', 'sovereignty', 'COC', 'Canada', 'France', 'Netherlands', 'Morocco', 'tomorrow', 'Sultanate', 'Oman', 'Dubai', 'Cyberlab', 'Belgium', 'Research', 'Wales', 'provision', 'simulation', 'connectivity', 'customers', 'businesses', 'organisations', 'governments', 'aeronautics', 'space', 'transport', 'products', 'consideration', 'individual', 'decisions', '68 countries', 'sales', 'VISIT', 'announcement', 'Translations', 'accommodation']",2022-04-14,2022-04-15,businesswire.com
2950,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/press-release-positive-phase-1-050000699.html,Press Release: Positive Phase 1/2 study results of rilzabrutinib in people with immune thrombocytopenia published in The New England Journal of Medicine,Positive Phase 1/2 study results of rilzabrutinib in people with immune thrombocytopenia published in The New England Journal of Medicine Results published...,Sanofi - Aventis GroupePositive Phase 1/2 study results of rilzabrutinib in people with immune thrombocytopenia published in The New England Journal of MedicineResults published today in the New England Journal of Medicine showed that treatment with rilzabrutinib resulted in a rapid and durable increase in platelet count in patients with heavily pretreated immune thrombocytopenia (ITP)Data support an acceptable safety profileRilzabrutinib is an investigational oral Bruton tyrosine kinase inhibitor (BTKi) for the treatment of ITP  a rare acquired autoimmune disorder in which platelets are destroyed or damaged and for which there are limited treatment optionsPARIS – April 14  2022 - Positive results from the Phase 1/2 dose-finding study evaluating the safety  pharmacokinetics and clinical activity of rilzabrutinib  an investigational oral Bruton’s tyrosine kinase (BTK) inhibitor  in adults with heavily pre-treated immune thrombocytopenia (ITP) were published in the New England Journal of Medicine. Results demonstrate treatment with rilzabrutinib led to a rapid and durable increase in platelet count and support an acceptable safety profile. Sanofi is investigating the safety and efficacy of twice daily rilzabrutinib (400 mg) for adults and adolescents with chronic ITP in the ongoing Phase 3 clinical study LUNA 3  initiated in April 2021.David Kuter  M.D.Director of clinical hematology at Massachusetts General Hospital and professor of medicine at Harvard Medical School  lead author of the study“Currently  there are no standard treatment recommendations for ITP patients with multiple relapses. Despite advances in treatment options over the years  some patients remain refractory to existing therapies and durable remission remains elusive. The Bruton’s tyrosine kinase is a critical signaling molecule in the immune system that is involved in certain immune-mediated diseases  and our research suggests that targeting BTK may represent a promising approach to addressing the underlying cause of ITP.”Story continuesITP is an acquired autoimmune blood disorder characterized by low platelet count (thrombocytopenia) resulting from immune-mediated platelet destruction and impairment of platelet production. A decrease in platelet counts – whether temporary or persistent – can predispose a person to a higher risk of bleeding  hospitalization  fatigue  impaired quality of life  and even death. The incidence of ITP increases with age and is more common over the age of 60.Dietmar Berger  M.D.  Ph.D.Global Head of Clinical Development and Chief Medical Officer  Sanofi“We are pleased to share these encouraging early clinical results through this publication. These findings demonstrate a clinically meaningful response in difficult-to-treat ITP patients who received a median of four prior ITP therapies. Moreover  the overall study population  which also included less refractory patients  showed a numerically higher response. Rilzabrutinib could become a first-in-class BTK inhibitor therapy with the potential to increase platelet counts quickly and durably for people with ITP.”Rilzabrutinib was granted Fast Track Designation by the U.S. Food and Drug Administration (FDA) for treatment of ITP in November of 2020 and was previously granted orphan drug designation. Rilzabrutinib is being investigated in multiple clinical trials across a range of diseases including immunological and inflammatory diseases.Phase 1/2 Study ResultsThe global Phase 1/2 adaptive  open-label  dose-finding study evaluated rilzabrutinib in 60 people with ITP with a median age of 50 years (range  19-74). Patients had received a median of four different ITP therapies previously. Initial doses could be 200 mg once daily  400 mg once daily  300 mg twice daily (600 mg/day)  or 400 mg twice daily (800 mg/day). The median platelet counts at the start of the study were 15×109/L  indicating a very low platelet count and high risk of bleeding. The primary endpoint measured the number of participants who achieved at least two consecutive platelet counts of ≥50×109/L and an overall platelet count increase of ≥20×109/L from the start of treatment without requiring rescue medication.Study results showed:Overall  24 of 60 people enrolled in the study at any dose achieved the primary endpoint. Of the 45 people who initiated rilzabrutinib at 400 mg twice daily  18 met the primary endpoint.Median time to first platelet count of at least 50×10 9 /L was rapid at 11.5 days  which was maintained in patients with primary platelet response for a mean of 65% of weeks during the 24-week treatment period.52% of participants experienced at least one treatment related adverse event  all of which were grade 1 or 2; the most common adverse events were diarrhea (32%)  nausea (30%)  and fatigue (10%).There were no grade 3 or higher treatment-related adverse events or serious adverse events.Rilzabrutinib Clinical ProgramThe safety and efficacy of rilzabrutinib in ITP are being evaluated in the ongoing randomized  double-blind  Phase 3 LUNA 3 study in adults and adolescents (aged ≥12 years) with persistent/chronic ITP. In addition  phase 2 studies are ongoing to evaluate rilzabrutinib as a potential therapy for the autoimmune condition IgG4 disease and immunological diseases  including asthma  atopic dermatitis  chronic spontaneous urticaria and warm autoimmune hemolytic anemia.About RilzabrutinibRilzabrutinib is an oral Bruton’s tyrosine kinase inhibitor incorporating Sanofi’s TAILORED COVALENCY® technology being investigated for the treatment of immune-mediated diseases  including ITP. BTK is an intracellular signaling molecule involved in innate and adaptive immune responses related to certain immune-mediated diseases. By inhibiting BTK  rilzabrutinib has the potential to target the underlying disease pathogenesis.Rilzabrutinib is currently under clinical investigation and its safety and efficacy have not been evaluated by any regulatory authority.About SanofiWe are an innovative global healthcare company  driven by one purpose: we chase the miracles of science to improve people’s lives. Our team  across some 100 countries  is dedicated to transforming the practice of medicine by working to turn the impossible into the possible. We provide potentially life-changing treatment options and life-saving vaccine protection to millions of people globally  while putting sustainability and social responsibility at the center of our ambitions.Sanofi is listed on EURONEXT: SAN and NASDAQ: SNYMedia RelationsSally Bain | + 1 617 834 6026 | sally.bain@sanofi.comInvestor RelationsEva Schaefer-Jansen | + 33 7 86 80 56 39 | eva.schaefer-jansen@sanofi.comArnaud Delépine | + 33 6 73 69 36 93 | arnaud.delepine@sanofi.comCorentine Driancourt | + 33 6 40 56 92 21 | corentine.driancourt@sanofi.comFelix Lauscher | + 1 908 612 7239 | felix.lauscher@sanofi.comPriya Nanduri | +1 908 981 5560 | priya.nanduri@sanofi.comNathalie Pham | + 33 7 85 93 30 17 | nathalie.pham@sanofi.comSanofi Forward-Looking StatementsThis press release contains forward-looking statements as defined in the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995  as amended. Forward-looking statements are statements that are not historical facts. These statements include projections and estimates and their underlying assumptions  statements regarding plans  objectives  intentions and expectations with respect to future financial results  events  operations  services  product development and potential  and statements regarding future performance. Forward-looking statements are generally identified by the words “expects”  “anticipates”  “believes”  “intends”  “estimates”  “plans” and similar expressions. Although Sanofi’s management believes that the expectations reflected in such forward-looking statements are reasonable  investors are cautioned that forward-looking information and statements are subject to various risks and uncertainties  many of which are difficult to predict and generally beyond the control of Sanofi  that could cause actual results and developments to differ materially from those expressed in  or implied or projected by  the forward-looking information and statements. These risks and uncertainties include among other things  the uncertainties inherent in research and development  future clinical data and analysis  including post marketing  decisions by regulatory authorities  such as the FDA or the EMA  regarding whether and when to approve any drug  device or biological application that may be filed for any such product candidates as well as their decisions regarding labelling and other matters that could affect the availability or commercial potential of such product candidates  the fact that product candidates if approved may not be commercially successful  the future approval and commercial success of therapeutic alternatives  Sanofi’s ability to benefit from external growth opportunities  to complete related transactions and/or obtain regulatory clearances  risks associated with intellectual property and any related pending or future litigation and the ultimate outcome of such litigation  trends in exchange rates and prevailing interest rates  volatile economic and market conditions  cost containment initiatives and subsequent changes thereto  and the impact that COVID-19 will have on us  our customers  suppliers  vendors  and other business partners  and the financial condition of any one of them  as well as on our employees and on the global economy as a whole. Any material effect of COVID-19 on any of the foregoing could also adversely impact us. This situation is changing rapidly and additional impacts may arise of which we are not currently aware and may exacerbate other previously identified risks. The risks and uncertainties also include the uncertainties discussed or identified in the public filings with the SEC and the AMF made by Sanofi  including those listed under “Risk Factors” and “Cautionary Statement Regarding Forward-Looking Statements” in Sanofi’s annual report on Form 20-F for the year ended December 31  2021. Other than as required by applicable law  Sanofi does not undertake any obligation to update or revise any forward-looking information or statements.Attachment,neutral,0.03,0.86,0.11,mixed,0.21,0.13,0.66,True,English,"['Positive Phase 1/2 study results', 'The New England Journal', 'Press Release', 'immune thrombocytopenia', 'rilzabrutinib', 'people', 'Medicine', 'global Phase 1/2 adaptive, open-label, dose-finding study', 'ongoing randomized, double-blind, Phase 3 LUNA 3 study', 'investigational oral Bruton tyrosine kinase inhibitor', 'one treatment related adverse event', 'Positive Phase 1/2 study results', 'Phase 1/2 dose-finding study', 'ongoing Phase 3 clinical study', 'higher treatment-related adverse events', 'encouraging early clinical results', 'two consecutive platelet counts', 'The New England Journal', 'four prior ITP therapies', 'four different ITP therapies', 'overall platelet count increase', 'common adverse events', 'serious adverse events', 'overall study population', 'Massachusetts General Hospital', 'Harvard Medical School', 'critical signaling molecule', 'Chief Medical Officer', 'U.S. Food', 'BTK inhibitor therapy', 'low platelet count', 'first platelet count', 'Fast Track Designation', 'multiple clinical trials', 'immune-mediated platelet destruction', 'standard treatment recommendations', '24-week treatment period', 'acceptable safety profile', 'autoimmune blood disorder', 'limited treatment options', 'less refractory patients', 'primary platelet response', 'median platelet counts', 'twice daily rilzabrutinib', 'pretreated immune thrombocytopenia', 'Rilzabrutinib Clinical Program', 'The Bruton', 'Global Head', 'Positive results', 'BTK) inhibitor', 'existing therapies', 'autoimmune disorder', 'higher response', 'clinical activity', 'clinical hematology', 'Clinical Development', 'platelet production', 'durable increase', 'higher risk', 'multiple relapses', 'drug designation', 'meaningful response', 'immune system', 'primary endpoint', 'immune-mediated diseases', 'Aventis Groupe', 'David Kuter', 'M.D.', 'lead author', 'durable remission', 'promising approach', 'underlying cause', 'impaired quality', 'Dietmar Berger', 'Ph.D.', 'Drug Administration', 'Initial doses', 'high risk', 'rescue medication', 'Median time', 'inflammatory diseases', 'chronic ITP', 'ITP patients', 'median age', 'Sanofi', 'people', 'Medicine', 'rapid', 'Data', 'BTKi', 'rare', 'platelets', 'PARIS', 'April', 'pharmacokinetics', 'adults', 'efficacy', '400 mg', 'adolescents', 'Director', 'professor', 'advances', 'years', 'research', 'Story', 'impairment', 'decrease', 'person', 'bleeding', 'hospitalization', 'fatigue', 'life', 'death', 'incidence', 'publication', 'findings', 'class', 'potential', 'FDA', 'November', 'orphan', 'range', 'immunological', '200 mg', '600 mg', 'start', 'number', 'participants', '11.5 days', 'weeks', 'grade', 'diarrhea', 'nausea', '800', '50×10 9']",2022-04-14,2022-04-15,finance.yahoo.com
2951,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/stellantis-qualcomm-collaborate-power-vehicle-113100598.html,Stellantis and Qualcomm Collaborate to Power New Vehicle Platforms with Snapdragon Digital Chassis Solutions,Stellantis and Qualcomm Collaborate to Power New Vehicle Platforms with Snapdragon Digital Chassis Solutions Snapdragon® Automotive Platforms to Provide High...,STELLANTIS N.VStellantis and Qualcomm Collaborate to Power New Vehicle Platforms with Snapdragon Digital Chassis SolutionsSnapdragon® Automotive Platforms to Provide High Performance Compute Power and Capabilities to STLA Brain and STLA SmartCockpit Technology Platforms Beginning in 2024Multi-Year Agreement to be Deployed Across 14 Iconic Stellantis Brands  Delivering Rich In-Vehicle Experiences to Millions of Vehicles  Starting with MaseratiPARIS  AMSTERDAM – April 14  2022 – Stellantis N.V. and Qualcomm Technologies  Inc. today announced a multi-year technology collaboration to utilize the latest Snapdragon® Digital Chassis advancements to deliver intelligent  customizable and immersive in-vehicle experiences to millions of vehicles across Stellantis’ 14 iconic automotive brands beginning in 2024. Leveraging the Snapdragon® Cockpit Platforms and 5G capabilities for telematics systems  Stellantis will have the capability to meet customers’ evolving expectations for personalized and cutting-edge experiences that are continually upgradeable.This agreement will facilitate Stellantis’ plan to merge all software domains into High Performance Computers  leveraging the high-performance  low-power Snapdragon Automotive Platforms across all major vehicle domains as well as contribute to securing Stellantis’ supply chain on strategic components.“Our technology collaboration with Qualcomm Technologies is another example of how we are identifying industry leaders to work alongside our passionate and talented internal teams as we transform our vehicles through a software-defined approach. This will ultimately better meet the needs of our customers’ lifestyles through safe  personalized  and always-connected features ” said Carlos Tavares  Stellantis CEO. “Qualcomm Technologies’ broad experience in automotive and scale as a semiconductor leader will enable us to vertically integrate key elements of our new platforms and more closely manage the complete electronics supply chain to provide access to the best technologies  enable the fulfillment of Stellantis’ volume potential and achieve our Dare Forward 2030 ambition.”Story continues“Qualcomm is honored to expand our work with Stellantis to redefine vehicles in the 21st century by bringing Snapdragon Digital Chassis solutions to their future vehicles ” said Cristiano Amon  President and CEO  Qualcomm Incorporated. “By creating open  scalable  and comprehensive automotive platforms that encompass semiconductors  systems  software  and services  we are empowering Stellantis  as well as the broader automotive ecosystem  to lead the transformation to the digital era of automobiles.”Taking the driver-vehicle relationship to the next level  Stellantis will use next-generation Snapdragon Cockpit Platforms to power the in-car communication and infotainment systems for STLA SmartCockpit  which is being designed and engineered together with Amazon and Foxconn. Snapdragon Cockpit Platforms are not only engineered to deliver high-definition graphics to touch and voice-controlled cockpit console  but to also deliver a fully immersive in-cabin experience  enabling premium audio and crystal-clear voice communications throughout the vehicle’s cabin.Snapdragon Cockpit Platforms will also be used to enhance STLA Brain  bringing a new level of digital intelligence for convenience and safety  and helping to enhance the in-vehicle personal assistant capabilities with highly intuitive artificial intelligence (AI) features  which include:Over-the-air (OTA) updates that will allow the vehicle to naturally evolve and improve over time by being constantly updated  upgraded and enhanced  as well as features on demand and instant vehicle upgrades  such as additional horsepower or drive modesPersonalized experiences  leveraging AI to adapt to a wide variety of customer preferencesImproved user experiences  thanks to faster communication with connected features and higher computation power to support future upgradesContinuous exciting new services and solutionsAlways-connected experiencesImproved ownership experiences with diagnostics and repair completed over the air for all major vehicle systemsThe first application will be in the Maserati brand to power the next generation Stellantis infotainment system.# # #About StellantisStellantis N.V. (NYSE / MTA / Euronext Paris: STLA) is one of the world's leading automakers and a mobility provider. Its storied and iconic brands embody the passion of their visionary founders and today’s customers in their innovative products and services  including Abarth  Alfa Romeo  Chrysler  Citroën  Dodge  DS Automobiles  Fiat  Jeep®  Lancia  Maserati  Opel  Peugeot  Ram  Vauxhall  Free2move and Leasys. Powered by our diversity  we lead the way the world moves – aspiring to become the greatest sustainable mobility tech company  not the biggest  while creating added value for all stakeholders as well as the communities in which it operates. For more information  visit www.stellantis.com.About QualcommQualcomm is the world’s leading wireless technology innovator and the driving force behind the development  launch  and expansion of 5G. When we connected the phone to the internet  the mobile revolution was born. Today  our foundational technologies enable the mobile ecosystem and are found in every 3G  4G and 5G smartphone. We bring the benefits of mobile to new industries  including automotive  the internet of things  and computing  and are leading the way to a world where everything and everyone can communicate and interact seamlessly.Qualcomm Incorporated includes our licensing business  QTL  and the vast majority of our patent portfolio. Qualcomm Technologies  Inc.  a subsidiary of Qualcomm Incorporated  operates  along with its subsidiaries  substantially all of our engineering  research  and development functions  and substantially all of our products and services businesses  including our QCT semiconductor business.Contacts:Fernão SilveiraGlobal Communications / Stellantisfernao.silveira@stellantis.com+31 6 43 25 43 41Pete LanciaCorporate Communications / Qualcommcorpcomm@qualcomm.com+1-858-845-5959Mauricio Lopez-HodoyanInvestor Relations / Qualcommir@qualcomm.com+1-858-658-4813FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTSThis communication contains forward-looking statements. In particular  statements regarding future events and anticipated results of operations  business strategies  the anticipated benefits of the proposed transaction  future financial and operating results  the anticipated closing date for the proposed transaction and other anticipated aspects of Stellantis’ and/or Qualcomm Technologies’ operations or operating results are forward-looking statements. These statements may include terms such as “may”  “will”  “expect”  “could”  “should”  “intend”  “estimate”  “anticipate”  “believe”  “remain”  “on track”  “design”  “target”  “objective”  “goal”  “forecast”  “projection”  “outlook”  “prospects”  “plan”  or similar terms. Forward-looking statements are not guarantees of future performance. Rather  they are based on our current state of knowledge  future expectations and projections about future events and are by their nature  subject to inherent risks and uncertainties. They relate to events and depend on circumstances that may or may not occur or exist in the future and  as such  undue reliance should not be placed on them.Actual results may differ materially from those expressed in forward-looking statements as a result of a variety of factors  including: the impact of the COVID-19 pandemic  the ability of Stellantis to launch new products successfully and to maintain vehicle shipment volumes; changes in the global financial markets  general economic environment and changes in demand for automotive products  which is subject to cyclicality; changes in local economic and political conditions  changes in trade policy and the imposition of global and regional tariffs or tariffs targeted to the automotive industry  the enactment of tax reforms or other changes in tax laws and regulations; Stellantis’ ability to expand certain of their brands globally; its ability to offer innovative  attractive products; its ability to develop  manufacture and sell vehicles with advanced features including enhanced electrification  connectivity and autonomous-driving characteristics; various types of claims  lawsuits  governmental investigations and other contingencies  including product liability and warranty claims and environmental claims  investigations and lawsuits; material operating expenditures in relation to compliance with environmental  health and safety regulations; the intense level of competition in the automotive industry  which may increase due to consolidation; exposure to shortfalls in the funding of Stellantis’ defined benefit pension plans; the ability to provide or arrange for access to adequate financing for dealers and retail customers and associated risks related to the establishment and operations of financial services companies; the ability to access funding to execute Stellantis’ business plans and improve its businesses  financial condition and results of operations; a significant malfunction  disruption or security breach compromising information technology systems or the electronic control systems contained in Stellantis’ vehicles; Stellantis’ ability to realize anticipated benefits from joint venture arrangements; disruptions arising from political  social and economic instability; risks associated with our relationships with employees  dealers and suppliers; increases in costs  disruptions of supply or shortages of raw materials  parts  components and systems used in Stellantis’ vehicles; developments in labor and industrial relations and developments in applicable labor laws; exchange rate fluctuations  interest rate changes  credit risk and other market risks; political and civil unrest; earthquakes or other disasters; and other risks and uncertainties.Any forward-looking statements contained in this communication speak only as of the date of this document and Stellantis and Qualcomm Technologies disclaim any obligation to update or revise publicly forward-looking statements. Further information concerning Stellantis or Qualcomm Technologies and their respective businesses  including factors that could materially affect their respective financial results  are included in Stellantis’ and Qualcomm’s respective reports and filings with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission  and for Stellantis with the AFM.Snapdragon and Digital Chassis are trademarks or registered trademarks of Qualcomm Incorporated.Snapdragon Automotive Platforms  Snapdragon Cockpit Platforms and Snapdragon Digital Chassis are products of Qualcomm Technologies  Inc. and/or its subsidiaries.Attachment,neutral,0.01,0.99,0.01,positive,0.82,0.16,0.03,True,English,"['Snapdragon Digital Chassis Solutions', 'New Vehicle Platforms', 'Stellantis', 'Qualcomm', 'Power', 'greatest sustainable mobility tech company', 'latest Snapdragon® Digital Chassis advancements', 'high-performance, low-power Snapdragon Automotive Platforms', 'complete electronics supply chain', 'Snapdragon Digital Chassis Solutions', 'next-generation Snapdragon Cockpit Platforms', 'High Performance Compute Power', 'vehicle personal assistant capabilities', 'Continuous exciting new services', 'Qualcomm Technologies’ broad experience', 'STLA SmartCockpit Technology Platforms', 'Stellantis’ 14 iconic automotive brands', 'Snapdragon® Cockpit Platforms', 'Snapdragon® Automotive Platforms', 'High Performance Computers', 'immersive in-cabin experience', 'leading wireless tech', 'comprehensive automotive platforms', 'voice-controlled cockpit console', 'broader automotive ecosystem', 'Stellantis’ supply chain', 'talented internal teams', 'Dare Forward 2030 ambition', 'crystal-clear voice communications', 'customer preferences Improved', 'higher computation power', 'intuitive artificial intelligence', 'New Vehicle Platforms', '14 Iconic Stellantis Brands', 'Stellantis’ volume potential', 'multi-year technology collaboration', 'customers’ evolving expectations', 'major vehicle domains', 'instant vehicle upgrades', 'STELLANTIS N.V', 'Stellantis infotainment system', 'major vehicle systems', 'new platforms', 'iconic brands', 'digital intelligence', 'mobility provider', 'digital era', 'new level', 'Citroën', 'best technologies', 'infotainment systems', 'future upgrades', 'leading automakers', 'Vehicle Experiences', '5G capabilities', 'STLA Brain', 'Stellantis’ plan', 'Multi-Year Agreement', 'intelligent, customizable', 'telematics systems', 'cutting-edge experiences', 'software domains', 'strategic components', 'industry leaders', 'software-defined approach', 'customers’ lifestyles', 'Carlos Tavares', 'semiconductor leader', 'key elements', '21st century', 'Cristiano Amon', 'driver-vehicle relationship', 'next level', 'car communication', 'high-definition graphics', 'premium audio', 'additional horsepower', 'drive modes', 'wide variety', 'user experiences', 'faster communication', 'connected experiences', 'ownership experiences', 'first application', 'next generation', 'visionary founders', 'innovative products', 'Alfa Romeo', 'Qualcomm Incorporated', 'connected features', 'Stellantis CEO', 'Personalized experiences', 'Euronext Paris', 'DS Automobiles', 'Maserati brand', 'future vehicles', 'AI) features', 'Millions', 'AMSTERDAM', 'April', 'Inc.', 'capability', 'example', 'passionate', 'needs', 'scale', 'access', 'fulfillment', 'Story', 'work', 'President', 'semiconductors', 'transformation', 'Amazon', 'Foxconn', 'convenience', 'safety', 'air', 'updates', 'time', 'demand', 'diagnostics', 'NYSE', 'MTA', 'world', 'storied', 'Abarth', 'Chrysler', 'Dodge', 'Fiat', 'Jeep®', 'Lancia', 'Opel', 'Peugeot', 'Ram', 'Vauxhall', 'Free2move', 'Leasys', 'diversity', 'way', 'value', 'stakeholders', 'communities', 'information', '2024']",2022-04-14,2022-04-15,finance.yahoo.com
2952,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/2africa-deployment-underway-first-landing-160000699.html,2Africa Deployment Underway with First Landing in Genoa  Italy,The 2Africa consortium  comprised of China Mobile International  Meta  MTN GlobalConnect  Orange  stc  Telecom Egypt  Vodafone and WIOCC  announced today the...,"Highly Anticipated Subsea Cable System Set to Connect 3 Billion People Upon CompletionGENOA  Italy  April 14  2022 /CNW/ -- The 2Africa consortium  comprised of China Mobile International  Meta  MTN GlobalConnect  Orange  stc  Telecom Egypt  Vodafone and WIOCC  announced today the first landing of the 2Africa cable - in Genoa  Italy. The landing sets the tone for more landings in the coming months as the cable is extended to a total of 46 locations by the completion of the project in 2024.2Africa Deployment Underway with First Landing in Genoa  ItalyAnnounced in May 2020  the 2Africa subsea cable system together with its Pearls extension are designed to deliver seamless international connectivity to approximately 3 billion people  representing 36% of the global population and connecting three continents  Africa  Europe and Asia.At 45 000km  it will be the longest subsea cable ever deployed  serving communities that rely on the internet for services from education to healthcare and business  with all experiencing the economic and social benefits that come from this increased connectivity.Vodafone  the 2Africa landing party in Genoa  has partnered with Equinix to land the cable directly into the Equinix Carrier Neutral Data Center (CNDC)  with Retelit delivering the fronthaul. As with all 2Africa cable landings  capacity will be available to service providers in Genoa on a fair and equitable basis  encouraging and supporting the development of a healthy internet ecosystem.Working with a local Italian operator  2Africa has also developed a new terrestrial route connecting the Genoa cable landing station (CLS) directly to major CNDCs in Milan.Good progress on the survey work and manufacturing continues with the 2Africa project remaining on track for completion in 2024.About China Mobile International LimitedChina Mobile International Limited (CMI) is a wholly-owned subsidiary of China Mobile  mainly responsible for the operation of China Mobile's international business. In order to provide better services to meet the growing demand in the international telecommunications market  China Mobile established a subsidiary  CMI  in December 2010. CMI currently has over 70 terrestrial and submarine cable resources worldwide  with a total international transmission bandwidth of over 109T  and a total of 225 PoPs. With Hong Kong  China as its launchpad  CMI has significantly accelerated global IDC development  creating a strong network for data center cloudification.Story continuesLeveraging the strong support by China Mobile  CMI is a trusted partner that provides comprehensive international information services and solutions to international enterprises  carriers and mobile users. Headquartered in Hong Kong  China  CMI has expanded its footprint in 36 countries and regions. For more information  please visit www.cmi.chinamobile.com   or to connect with us on LinkedIn at: https://www.linkedin.com/company/china-mobile-international-limited .About MetaMeta builds technologies that help people connect  find communities  and grow businesses. When Facebook launched in 2004  it changed the way people connect. Apps like Messenger  Instagram and WhatsApp further empowered billions around the world. Now  Meta is moving beyond 2D screens toward immersive experiences like augmented and virtual reality to help build the next evolution in social technology.About MTN GlobalConnectGlobalConnect is a Pan-African digital wholesale and infrastructure services company  and an operating company in the MTN Group. GlobalConnect manages MTN's international and national major wholesale activities  in addition to offering reliable wholesale and infrastructure solutions for fixed connectivity and wholesale mobility solutions that include international mobile services  Voice  SMS  signalling  roaming and interconnect. The MTN Group launched in 1994 is a leading emerging market operator with a clear vision to lead the delivery of a bold new digital world and is inspired by the belief that everyone deserves the benefits of a modern connected life. Embracing the Ambition 2025 strategy  MTN is anchored on building the largest and most valuable platform business  with a clear focus on Africa. The MTN Group is listed on the JSE Securities Exchange in South Africa under the share code ""MTN"".For more information  please visit www.globalconnect.solutions - https://www.mtn.comAbout OrangeOrange is one of the world's leading telecommunications operators with sales of 42.3 billion euros in 2020 and 140 000 employees worldwide at 31 March 2021  including 80 000 employees in France. The Group has a total customer base of 262 million customers worldwide at 31 March 2021  including 217 million mobile customers and 22 million fixed broadband customers. The Group is present in 26 countries. Orange is also a leading provider of global IT and telecommunication services to multinational companies  under the brand Orange Business Services. In December 2019  the Group presented its new ""Engage 2025"" strategic plan  which  guided by social and environmental accountability  aims to reinvent its operator model. While accelerating in growth areas and placing data and AI at the heart of its innovation model  the Group will be an attractive and responsible employer  adapted to emerging professions.Orange is listed on Euronext Paris (symbol ORA) and on the New York Stock Exchange (symbol ORAN).For more information on the internet and on your mobile: www.orange.com   www.orange-business.com or to follow us on Twitter: @orangegrouppr.About stcWith its headquarter in Riyadh  stc group is the largest in the Middle East and North Africa based on market cap. stc's revenue for 2020 amounted to 58 953million SAR (15 721 million US dollars) and the net profit amounted to 10 995 million SAR (2 932 million US dollars). stc was established in 1998 and currently has customers around the globe. It is ranking among the world's top 50 digital companies and the first in the Middle East and North Africa according to Forbes. It focuses on providing services to enterprise and consumer customers through a fiber-optic network that spans 217 000 kilometers. stc group was among the first in MENA region to launch 5G networks and was considered one of the fastest globally in deploying 5G network as stc already deployed around 4 000 5G towers as end of 2020. stc group has 14 subsidiaries in the Kingdom  gulf and around the world  and its own 100% of stc Bahrain  51.8% stake in stc Kuwait and 25% stake in Binariang GSM Holding in Malaysia which owns 62% of Maxis in Malaysia.In Saudi Arabia (the group's main operation site) stc operates the largest modern mobile network in the Middle East as it covers more than 99% of the country's populated areas in addition to providing 4G mobile broadband to about 90% of the population across the Kingdom of Saudi Arabia. In addition to the above-mentioned  stc is a strong regional player in IoT  managed services  system integration  cloud computing  information security  big data Analytics fintech and artificial intelligence. For more information  please visit https://www.stc.com.sa ; or to follow us on Twitter: @stc   @stc_ksaAbout Telecom EgyptTelecom Egypt is the first total telecom operator in Egypt providing all telecom services to its customers including fixed and mobile voice and data services. Telecom Egypt has a long history serving Egyptian customers for over 160 years maintaining a leadership position in the Egyptian telecom market by offering its enterprise and consumer customers the most advanced technology  reliable infrastructure solutions and the widest network of submarine cables. Aside from its mobile operation ""WE""  the company owns a 45% stake in Vodafone Egypt. Telecom Egypt's shares and GDRs (Ticker: ETEL.CA; TEEG.LN) are traded on The Egyptian Exchange and the London Stock Exchange. Please refer to Telecom Egypt's full financial disclosure on ir.te.egFor more information  contact: The investor relations team  Email: investor.relations@te.egAbout VodafoneUnique in its scale as the largest pan-European and African technology communications company  Vodafone transforms the way we live and work through its innovation  technology  connectivity  platforms  products and services. Vodafone operates mobile and fixed networks in 21 countries  and partners with mobile networks in 47 more. As of 31 December 2021  we had over 300m mobile customers  more than 28m fixed broadband customers and over 22m TV customers.Vodafone is a world leader in the Internet of Things (IoT)  connecting more than 142m devices and platforms through innovation that aligns with the aspirations of society for cleaner and safer cities  better transport and improved agriculture. Vodafone's digital leadership is also changing how governments deliver healthcare and education  and how businesses  particularly Small and Medium Enterprises (SMEs)  serve customers.We have revolutionised fintech in Africa through M-Pesa  which celebrates its 15th anniversary in 2022. It is the region's largest fintech platform  providing access to financial services for more than 51m people in a secure  affordable and convenient way.Our purpose is to connect for a better future  enabling an inclusive and sustainable digital society. We are taking significant steps to reduce our impact on our planet by becoming net zero by 2040  purchasing 100% of our electricity from renewable sources in Europe and across our entire operations by 2025  and reusing  reselling or recycling 100% of our redundant network equipment. Vodafone proactively works to expand access to connectivity for rural communities  students and jobseekers. For more than 30 years  Vodafone's Foundation has supported communities in Europe and Africa in the areas of health  education  and equality.We support diversity and inclusion through our maternity and parental leave policies  empowering women through connectivity and improving access to education and digital skills for women  girls  and society at large. We are respectful of all individuals  irrespective of race  ethnicity  disability  age  sexual orientation  gender identity  belief  culture or religion.For more information  please visit www.vodafone.com   follow us on Twitter at @VodafoneGroup or connect with us on LinkedIn at www.linkedin.com/company/vodafone .About WIOCCWIOCC is building Africa's first  truly hyper-scale network infrastructure. With the ability to efficiently deliver 100Gbps capacity and an extensive investment programme to develop our pan-African solution even further  WIOCC is the natural partner for OTTs  content providers  telecom operators  and ISPs looking to take advantage of Africa's opportunities. The company utilises more than 55 000km of terrestrial fibre and in excess of 75 000km of submarine cable assets to offer affordable  reliable  managed connectivity to over 550 locations across 30 African countries. WIOCC's international reach extends to key commercial centres in Europe  Asia  and North America  providing a one-stop shop for fully-scalable international connectivity into  within  and out of Africa. Operating exclusively as a wholesaler  the company's focus is on putting you  our client  first. Building and maintaining strong  long-term relationships means WIOCC can develop bespoke solutions to meet your current requirements  with the flexibility to match future demands for growth and extra resilience and geographical expansion. You will find that only WIOCC has the depth of experience  local expertise  capacity  flexibility  and scalability to take you where you want to be. For more information  please visit http://wiocc.net/ .About Alcatel Submarine NetworksAlcatel Submarine Networks  part of Nokia  leads the industry in terms of transmission capacity and installed base with more than 650 000 km of optical submarine systems deployed worldwide  enough to circumnavigate the globe 15 times. From traditional Telecom applications to Content and ""Over The Top"" Service Provider infrastructures  as well as to offshore Oil and Gas applications  ASN provides all elements of a turnkey global undersea transmission systems  tailored to individual customer's needs. An extensive Services porLolio completes its comprehensive offering for the submarine business  including project management  installation and commissioning  along with marine and maintenance operations performed by ASN's fully owned fleet of cable ships. For more information  please visit https://web.asn.com/en/ .CisionView original content to download multimedia:https://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/2africa-deployment-underway-with-first-landing-in-genoa-italy-301525978.htmlSOURCE 2AfricaCisionView original content to download multimedia: http://www.newswire.ca/en/releases/archive/April2022/14/c6667.html",neutral,0.02,0.97,0.01,positive,0.76,0.2,0.04,True,English,"['2Africa Deployment', 'First Landing', 'Genoa', 'Italy', 'Equinix Carrier Neutral Data Center', 'new ""Engage 2025"" strategic plan', 'Anticipated Subsea Cable System', 'national major wholesale activities', 'leading emerging market operator', 'total international transmission bandwidth', 'bold new digital world', '22 million fixed broadband customers', '2Africa subsea cable system', 'China Mobile International Limited', 'comprehensive international information services', 'data center cloudification', 'Genoa cable landing station', 'local Italian operator', 'international telecommunications market', 'Pan-African digital wholesale', 'longest subsea cable', 'modern connected life', 'JSE Securities Exchange', 'leading telecommunications operators', 'submarine cable resources', '217 million mobile customers', 'new terrestrial route', 'seamless international connectivity', 'valuable platform business', 'total customer base', 'international mobile services', 'healthy internet ecosystem', 'wholesale mobility solutions', '2Africa landing party', 'infrastructure services company', 'global IDC development', '2Africa cable landings', 'The MTN Group', 'Orange Business Services', '262 million customers', 'fixed connectivity', 'international business', 'major CNDCs', 'international enterprises', 'reliable wholesale', 'leading provider', 'mobile users', 'The Group', 'operating company', 'infrastructure solutions', 'telecommunication services', 'first landing', '2Africa consortium', '2Africa Deployment', 'global population', 'increased connectivity', 'global IT', 'Telecom Egypt', 'coming months', 'Pearls extension', 'three continents', 'service providers', 'equitable basis', 'Good progress', 'survey work', 'growing demand', 'Hong Kong', 'strong network', 'strong support', 'trusted partner', '2D screens', 'immersive experiences', 'virtual reality', 'next evolution', 'clear vision', 'Ambition 2025 strategy', 'clear focus', 'share code', '42.3 billion euros', 'multinational companies', '2Africa project', 'social technology', 'globalconnect.solutions', '3 Billion People', 'owned subsidiary', 'MTN GlobalConnect', 'South Africa', 'social benefits', '70 terrestrial', 'Completion', 'Italy', 'April', 'Meta', 'stc', 'Vodafone', 'WIOCC', 'tone', '46 locations', 'May', 'Europe', 'Asia', '45,000km', 'communities', 'education', 'healthcare', 'economic', 'Retelit', 'fronthaul', 'capacity', 'fair', 'CLS', 'Milan', 'manufacturing', 'track', 'CMI', 'operation', 'order', 'December', '109T', '225 PoPs', 'launchpad', 'Story', 'carriers', 'footprint', '36 countries', 'regions', 'chinamobile', 'LinkedIn', 'technologies', 'businesses', 'Facebook', 'way', 'Apps', 'Messenger', 'Instagram', 'WhatsApp', 'billions', 'augmented', 'addition', 'Voice', 'SMS', 'signalling', 'roaming', 'interconnect', 'delivery', 'belief', 'everyone', 'largest', 'sales', '140,000 employees', '31 March', '80,000 employees', 'France', '26 countries', 'brand', 'environm']",2022-04-14,2022-04-15,finance.yahoo.com
2953,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/publicis-groupe-first-quarter-2022-053100745.html,Publicis Groupe : First Quarter 2022 Revenue/ Revenu du premier trimestre 2022,First Quarter 2022 Revenue -Very strong start of the year April 14  2022 · Q1 organic growth at +10.5%  well above expectations · Acceleration of Publicis...,Publicis GroupeFirst Quarter 2022 Revenue-Very strong start of the yearApril 14  2022· Q1 organic growth at +10.5%  well above expectations· Acceleration of Publicis Sapient at +18.5% organic growth· Strong organic growth in all regions:o Continued momentum in the U.S. at +8.0%  with good performance of Epsilono Robust recovery in Europe at +14.9%1 fueled by France and the U.K.o Very solid growth in Asia at +14.4% with China double-digit again this quarter· Significant wins in New Business  driven by strength of the model combining data  creative  media and technology· 2022 guidance confirmed  with organic growth now at upper end of the +4 to +5% rangeQ1 20222022 Net revenue €2 800m 2021 Net revenue €2 392m Organic growth +10.5% Reported growth +17.1%1 +9.4% excluding Outdoor Media activities & the DrugstoreArthur Sadoun  Chairman and CEO of Publicis Groupe:“We started the year very strongly  both financially and commercially.Our organic growth for the quarter came well above expectations at +10.5%  versus +2.8% for the same period last year.Our model is going from strength to strength  as it continues to capture rising client demand for first-party data  digital media and commerce. This is particularly true in business transformation  where Publicis Sapient saw strong acceleration this quarter and grew +18% globally.All of our regions performed well. The organic growth of the U.S. at +8% confirms the country’s continued dynamic with a good performance of Epsilon at its core. Europe posted robust recovery at +15% organic growth  fueled by France and the U.K. Meanwhile  in Asia  we also delivered very solid numbers  with +14% organically and double-digit growth once again in China.We are confident in our ability to deliver on all of the objectives we set for the year and actually come in at the upper end of our organic growth target  despite the uncertainty caused by the global health situation  the evolution of the conflict in Ukraine  and the consequences of inflation for our clients.Story continuesThis confidence is underpinned by our truly differentiated model. Once again  we demonstrated in the last quarter that with Epsilon and Publicis Sapient integrated with our creative and media operations  we have unique capabilities to help our clients transform  grow and optimize their spend in this very challenging period.The best proof of the uniqueness and attractiveness of our offer is our new business performance. After topping all of the new business rankings in 2021  we are confirming our momentum with significant wins last quarter like McDonald’s  Singapore Tourism Board  Siemens  Etisalat  LVMH  Pepsi and the largest pitch of the year so far  AB InBev  to name just a few.I would like to thank our teams for their incredible efforts  and our clients for their partnership.Of course  the start to the year has also been dominated by the war in Ukraine. Our thoughts and unwavering solidarity go out to the Ukrainian people  and our 350 employees in the country. We will continue to respond to the gravity of this situation with concrete actions  and a clear focus on protecting their safety and wellbeing.”. . .NET REVENUE IN Q1 2022Publicis Groupe’s net revenue in Q1 2022 was 2 800 million euros  up 17.1% from 2 392 million euros in 2021. Exchange rates had a positive impact of 125 million euros. Acquisitions  net of disposals  accounted for an increase in net revenue of 19 million euros. Organic growth reached +10.5%.Breakdown of Q1 2022 Net revenue by regionEUR Net revenue Reported Organic million Q1 2022 Q1 2021 Growth Growth North America 1 748 1 505 +16.1% +8.1% Europe 662 561 +18.0% +14.9%2 Asia Pacific 261 217 +20.3% +14.4% Middle East & Africa 75 62 +21.0% +13.4% Latin America 54 47 +14.9% +13.1% Total 2 800 2 392 +17.1% +10.5%North America net revenue was up +16.1% on a reported basis in Q1 2022  including a positive impact of the US dollar to Euro exchange rate. Organic growth in the region was +8.1%. In the U.S.  organic growth came at +8.0%  confirming the country’s strong dynamic in all its activities. Publicis Sapient grew +16.3% organically  as the demand for business transformation continued to accelerate. Media posted double-digit organic increase  while Creative activities saw their net revenue grow mid-single digit  with notably strong Production. Epsilon grew +6.3% organically  absorbing the anticipated impact of supply chain issues that affected its Automotive division  thanks to double-digit growth in Digital Media and Data. Canada was up +11.7% organically.Net revenue in Europe was up by +18.0% on a reported basis. It was up by +9.4% on an organic basis  or +14.9% including the contribution of our Outdoor Media activities & the Drugstore. Organic growth in the U.K. was +12.0%  with a notable double-digit growth in Media and strong performance from Publicis Sapient  both driven by recent new business wins. Organic growth in France was +12.3%3 with very strong growth in Media and at Publicis Sapient. Germany was up +1.2% organically  versus a +6.0% comparable base in the same period last year. Central & Eastern Europe was up +14.9% organically  with double-digit growth in Poland  Romania and Hungary.Net revenue in Asia Pacific was +20.3% on a reported basis  and +14.4% organically. China grew double-digit organically again this quarter  at +10.6%  supported by new business wins. The performance was also double-digit in India and Singapore. Thailand recorded strong performance largely driven by Publicis Sapient.In Middle East & Africa  net revenue was up +21.0% on a reported basis  and +13.4% organically. Organic growth was largely driven by Media  Publicis Sapient in the Middle-East and Creative in Africa.Net revenue in Latin America was up +14.9% on a reported basis  and +13.1%. organically  with most countries reporting growth this quarter  largely driven by Creative.2 +9.4% excluding Outdoor Media activities & the Drugstore3 +39.2% including Outdoor Media activities & the DrugstoreBreakdown of net revenue at March 31  2022 by sectorOn the basis of 3 052 clients representing 91% of Groupe net revenueNET DEBT AND LIQUIDITYNet debt totaled 718 million euros at the end of March 2022  compared with 76 million euros at year-end 2021  reflecting the seasonality in the activity. Net debt was 1 866 million euros at the end of March 2021. The Groupe’s average net debt on a 12-month basis stood at 1 277 million euros at the end of March 2022.The Groupe’s liquidity position remains very solid  at 5.0 billion euros.ACQUISITIONS AND DISPOSALSOn March 8  2022  Publicis finalized the acquisition of Tremend  based in Bucharest (Romania)  a fast-growing large independent software engineering company. Tremend currently reaches 60 million of its clients’ end users with its proven technology and will serve as the newest global delivery center for Publicis Sapient  expanding its Digital Business Transformation capabilities. With over 16 years of experience in product engineering  Tremend has 650 strong software engineering talent across high demand skills.On March 15  2022  Publicis announced its exit from Russia  by ceding the ownership of its agencies to local management. The Groupe handed over control of its Russian operations to Sergey Koptev  Founding Chairman of Publicis in Russia  with the clear contractual condition of ensuring a future for its 1 200 employees there. The Groupe stopped its business and investments in Russia  and the cession was effective immediately. Our first quarter’s financial statements include a related 87 million euros exceptional disposal loss  and Russia was deconsolidated from April 1st  2022.OUTLOOKIn the first quarter 2022  Publicis recorded a stronger-than-expected start to the year  both financially and commercially. While this should have led the Groupe to upgrade its expectations for 2022 organic growth  the global health situation  the evolution of the conflict in Ukraine  and the consequences of inflation for the clients  create too much uncertainty to do so at this stage.Thanks to the strength of its model  Publicis is confident in its ability to deliver on all of the 2022 targets set at its full year 2021 earnings  with organic growth now at the upper-end of its previous +4 to +5% range. This guidance takes into account a strong Q1 and an expected very solid Q2 at around +5% organic  after +17.1% in Q2 2021. The Groupe confirms its 2022 guidance of circa 17.5% operating margin rate and circa 1.4 billion Euros of Free Cash Flow before change in working capital. This assumes no further major deterioration in the global health and economic environment.NEW BUSINESSEUROPEPrimark (Data)  abrdn (Media)  Heineken (Content)  Biffa PLC (Commerce)  HomeExchange (Digital Media Planning & Buying)  Wild (Creative)  LVMH (Media)  Air Liquide (Digital)  Churchilll Insurance (Creative)  Neue Zürcher Zeitung AG (Creative)  Valoria Capital (Creative)  Aroma-Zone (Creative)  Metro (Creative)  Mundicenter (Creative)  Sky Italia (Creative)  Sberbank (Content)  Mapfre (Media)  The Ministry of Education and Science of Bulgaria (Influence)  Landkreditt Bank AS (Media)  United Parcel Service (Data)  Ferrero (Creative)  Expo Serbia (Creative)  Campari (Influence)  BNP Paribas (Creative)  Avon Products (Media)  Barclaycard (Creative)NORTH AMERICAMcDonald’s (Media)  Walmart (Media)  Toyota Motor Corporation (DBT)  KFC (Media)  Boar's Head (DBT)  Auto Club Group (Integrated)  CVS Health (Creative)  Kruger Inc (Influence)  Properly (Influence)  Liquor Control Board Of Ontario (Influence)  Dos Equis (Digital)  Colgate (Digital)  Off-Lease Only Auto (Digital)  Unilever NA (Digital)  Nestlé (Digital)  Inspire Brands (Digital)  The Kraft Heinz Company (Digital)  Zespri (Digital)  Trident - Mondelez International (Creative)  The Scotts Miracle-Gro Company (DBT)  Xero (Influence)  Amazon (Data)  Loblaw (Influence)  Regal Entertainment Group (Production)  Pacaso (Creative)  Nestlé (Data)  Cherry Lane Canada (Influence)ASIA PACIFIC/MEAByteDance (Media)  L'Oréal (Content)  Volkswagen Group (Influence)  Vivo Communication Technology Co (Content)  Nestlé (Influence)  Wellington Management Company (DBT)  PlayerzPot Media Pvt. Ltd. (Creative)  SmarTone Telecommunications Holdings Limited (Media)  Abbott Laboratories (Commerce)  Singapore Telecommunications (Content)  Geely Auto Group (Content)  Deliveroo (Media)  PlayerzPot Media Pvt. Ltd. (Media)  Jardine Restaurant Group (Media)  Clarins Group (Media)  Cool Inc (Media)  Humsafar Trust (Creative)  Zoomcar (Media)  XYXX Apparels (Media)  BMW Malaysia (Creative & Digital)  Pepsi (China)  e& - Etisalat (Creative)  Krungthai Bank (Content)  Infinix Mobility (Content)  Citigroup (Content)  Easy Crypto NZ (Media)  Meta (Creative)LATAMAB InBev (Creative)  MeatMe (Media & Content)  Autoridad del Canal de Panama (Media)  Scotiabank Inc (Creative)  Compania Nacional de Chocolates de Peru S.A. (Content)  SodaStream (Media)  Alfred Kärcher SE & Co. KG (Media)  Celebrity Cruises (Media)  Alpina (Creative)  Citigroup (Creative)  Walmart (Media & Content)  VeriTran (Creative)  Nestlé (Content)  Logitech (Media)GLOBALAB InBev (Media)  Siemens (Creative)  Norwegian Cruise Line (Media)  Singapore Tourism Board (Media & Creative)DisclaimerCertain information contained in this document  other than historical information  may constitute forward-looking statements or unaudited financial forecasts. These forward-looking statements and forecasts are subject to risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from those projected. These forward-looking statements and forecasts are presented at the date of this document and  other than as required by applicable law  Publicis Groupe does not assume any obligation to update them to reflect new information or events or for any other reason. Publicis Groupe urges you to carefully consider the risk factors that may affect its business  as set out in the Universal Registration Document filed with the French Autorité des Marchés Financiers (AMF) and which is available on the website of Publicis Groupe (www.publicisgroupe.com)  including an unfavorable economic climate  a highly competitive industry  risks associated with the confidentiality of personal data  the Groupe’s business dependence on its management and employees  risks associated with mergers and acquisitions  risks of IT system failures and cybercrime  the possibility that our clients could seek to terminate their contracts with us on short notice  risks associated with the reorganization of the Groupe  risks of litigation  governmental  legal and arbitration proceedings  risks associated with the Groupe’s financial rating and exposure to liquidity risks.About Publicis Groupe - The Power of OnePublicis Groupe [Euronext Paris FR0000130577  CAC 40] is a global leader in communication. The Groupe is positioned at every step of the value chain  from consulting to execution  combining marketing transformation and digital business transformation. Publicis Groupe is a privileged partner in its clients’ transformation to enhance personalization at scale. The Groupe relies on ten expertise concentrated within four main activities: Communication  Media  Data and Technology. Through a unified and fluid organization  its clients have a facilitated access to all its expertise in every market. Present in over 100 countries  Publicis Groupe employs around 90 000 professionals.www.publicisgroupe.com | Twitter:@PublicisGroupe | Facebook | LinkedIn | YouTube | Viva la Difference!ContactsPublicis Groupe Delphine StrickerAlessandra Girolami Corporate CommunicationsInvestor Relations + 33 (0)6 38 81 40 00+ 33 (0)1 44 43 77 88 delphine.stricker@publicisgroupe.comalessandra.girolami@publicisgroupe.com Clémence Vermersch Investor Relations + 33 (0)1 44 43 72 17 clemence.vermersch@publicisgroupe.comAppendicesNet revenue: organic growth calculation(million euro) Q1 Impact of currencyat end March 2022(million euro) 2021 net revenue 2 392 GBP (2) 8 Currency impact (2) 125 USD (2) 100 2021 net revenue at 2022 exchange rates (a) 2 517 Others 17 2022 net revenue before acquisition impact (b) 2 781 Total 125 Net revenue from acquisitions (1) 19 2022 net revenue 2 800 Organic growth (b/a) +10.5%(1) Acquisitions (CitrusAd  Boomerang  Tremend  BBK  Balance Internet  Taylor Herring  Octopus UK  and Means Advertising)  net of disposals (DPZ&T and Nexus)(2) EUR = USD 1.123 on average in Q1 2022 vs. USD 1.199 on average in Q1 2021EUR = GBP 0.836 on average in Q1 2022 vs. GBP 0.870 on average in Q1 2021DefinitionsNet revenue: Revenue less pass-through costs which comprise amount paid to external suppliers engaged to perform a project and charged directly to clients. Those costs are mainly Production & Media costs and out of pocket expenses.Organic growth: Change in net revenue excluding the impact of acquisitions  disposals and currencies.Net Debt (or financial net debt): Sum of long and short financial debt and associated derivatives  net of treasury and cash equivalents excluding lease liability since 1st January 2018.Average net debt: Average of monthly net debt at end of each month.,neutral,0.02,0.95,0.03,mixed,0.69,0.2,0.11,True,English,"['First Quarter 2022 Revenue', 'Publicis Groupe', 'premier trimestre', 'recent new business wins', 'North America net revenue', 'Singapore Tourism Board', 'supply chain issues', 'new business rankings', 'Euro exchange rate', 'rising client demand', 'global health situation', 'new business performance', '+4 to +5% range Q1', 'notable double-digit growth', 'EUR Net revenue', 'organic growth target', 'First Quarter 2022 Revenue', 'Outdoor Media activities', 'double-digit organic increase', 'Strong organic growth', 'Q1 organic growth', 'Q1 2021 Growth Growth', 'Significant wins', 'business transformation', 'Latin America', 'Exchange rates', '+18.5% organic growth', '+15% organic growth', 'strong performance', 'strong growth', 'good performance', 'solid growth', 'strong Production', 'Publicis Groupe', 'Publicis Sapient', 'U.S.', 'Robust recovery', 'U.K.', 'upper end', 'Arthur Sadoun', 'same period', 'solid numbers', 'last quarter', 'unique capabilities', 'challenging period', 'best proof', 'largest pitch', 'AB InBev', 'incredible efforts', 'unwavering solidarity', 'Ukrainian people', 'concrete actions', 'clear focus', 'Middle East', 'US dollar', 'Automotive division', 'digital media', 'media operations', '2,800 million euros', '2,392 million euros', '125 million euros', 'Creative activities', 'positive impact', 'strong start', 'strong acceleration', 'strong dynamic', 'organic basis', 'Continued momentum', 'mid-single digit', 'first-party data', 'differentiated model', 'Asia Pacific', 'Q1 2022', '19 million', 'year', 'April', 'expectations', 'regions', 'Epsilon', 'Europe', 'France', 'China', 'strength', 'technology', '2022 guidance', 'Drugstore', 'Chairman', 'CEO', 'commerce', 'country', 'core', 'ability', 'objectives', 'uncertainty', 'evolution', 'conflict', 'Ukraine', 'consequences', 'inflation', 'clients', 'Story', 'confidence', 'spend', 'uniqueness', 'attractiveness', 'offer', 'McDonald', 'Siemens', 'Etisalat', 'LVMH', 'Pepsi', 'teams', 'partnership', 'war', 'thoughts', '350 employees', 'gravity', 'safety', 'wellbeing', 'Acquisitions', 'disposals', 'Breakdown', 'Africa', 'Total', 'Canada', 'contribution', 'Germany']",2022-04-14,2022-04-15,finance.yahoo.com
2954,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/q1-2022-production-report-060000177.html,Q1 2022 Production Report,Kenmare Resources plc (“Kenmare” or “the Company” or “the Group”) 14 April 2022 Q1 2022 Production Report Kenmare Resources plc (LSE:KMR  ISE:KMR)  one of...,"Kenmare ResourcesKenmare Resources plc(“Kenmare” or “the Company” or “the Group”)14 April 2022Q1 2022 Production ReportKenmare Resources plc (LSE:KMR  ISE:KMR)  one of the leading global producers of titanium minerals and zircon  which operates the Moma Titanium Minerals Mine (the ""Mine"" or ""Moma"") in northern Mozambique  is pleased to provide a trading update for the quarter ending 31 March 2022 (“Q1 2022”).Statement from Michael Carvill  Managing Director:“Strong market conditions for all of our products continued through Q1 2022  supported by low inventories in the global supply chain. Realised ilmenite prices increased for a sixth consecutive quarter and this positive momentum is continuing into Q2 2022.The Board of Directors visited the Moma Mine and the surrounding area in February. A highlight of the visit was inspection of the Rotary Uninterruptible Power Supply (“RUPS”) project  which is currently commissioning. The RUPS is designed to materially improve power stability for the Mineral Separation Plant  reduce operating costs through lower diesel usage  and drive our short-term target to reduce greenhouse gas emissions by 12% by 2024.Production in Q1 2022 was lower than we had expected  impacted by poor weather conditions  as previously mentioned in our 2021 Preliminary Results announcement. However  the weather at the Mine typically improves after Q1  and we maintain production guidance for the year.”OverviewLost Time Injury Frequency Rate (“LTIFR”) of 0.00 per 200 000 man-hours worked on a 12-month rolling basis (Q1 2021: 0.24)  reflecting zero Lost Time Injuries since 6 January 2021Heavy Mineral Concentrate (“HMC”) production increased 6% in Q1 2022 to 384 700 tonnes (Q1 2021: 361 900 tonnes)  benefitting from a 5% increase in excavated ore tonnes  partially offset by a 3% decrease in ore gradesIlmenite production decreased 7% in Q1 2022 to 256 800 tonnes (Q1 2021: 275 100) and primary zircon production decreased 3% to 12 900 tonnes (Q1 2021: 13 300 tonnes) due primarily to a 5% decrease in HMC processedRutile production increased 5% to 2 000 tonnes (Q1 2021: 1 900 tonnes)  benefitting from higher recoveries  while concentrates production increased 20% to 10 700 tonnes (Q1 2021: 8 900 tonnes) due to the processing of stockpiled spillage materialTotal shipments of finished products decreased 33% in Q1 2022 to 231 500 tonnes (Q1 2021: 344 400 tonnes)  impacted by poor weather conditions and customer-chartered vessel delays due to tight shipping marketsThe markets for all of Kenmare’s products remain strong  with further price increases received in Q1 2022 for the sixth consecutive quarterFull year guidance is maintained on all stated metricsStory continuesOperations updateOperational results from the Moma Mine in Q1 2022 were as follows:Q1 2022 Q1 2021 Variance Q4 2021 Variance tonnes tonnes % tonnes % Excavated ore1 9 391 000 8 955 000 5% 9 306 000 1% Grade1 4.49% 4.64% -3% 4.31% 4% Production HMC production 384 700 361 900 6% 343 900 12% HMC processed 373 300 391 200 -5% 353 400 6% Ilmenite 256 800 275 100 -7% 246 000 4% Primary zircon 12 900 13 300 -3% 12 400 4% Rutile 2 000 1 900 5% 2 100 -5% Concentrates2 10 700 8 900 20% 11 300 -5% Shipments 231 500 344 400 -33% 368 600 -37%1. Excavated ore and grade prior to any floor losses.2. Concentrates include secondary zircon and mineral sands concentrate.Kenmare’s strong safety performance was maintained in Q1 2022  with zero Lost Time Injuries during the period. This led to the Company’s lowest ever rolling 12-month LTIFR of 0.00 per 200 000 hours worked (Q1 2021: 0.24) and the achievement of over eight million hours worked without a Lost Time Injury in early March 2022.HMC production was 384 700 tonnes in Q1 2022  representing a 6% increase compared to Q1 2021 (361 900 tonnes)  benefitting from a 5% increase in excavated ore tonnes to 9 391 000 tonnes compared to Q1 2021 (8 995 000 tonnes). Mining operations were impacted by poor weather conditions in Q1 2022  which resulted in lower HMC production than expected. However  in Q1 2021  mining operations were more affected by personnel shortages due to COVID-19  which led to a year-on-year increase in HMC production.The higher volumes of excavated ore were partially offset by a 3% decrease in ore grades to 4.49% in Q1 2022 (Q1 2021: 4.64%). As stated in the Q4 2021 Production Update  ore grades are expected to normalise at around 4.2% in 2022.Production of ilmenite  Kenmare’s primary product  decreased by 7% to 256 800 tonnes in Q1 2022 (Q1 2021: 275 100 tonnes)  due primarily to the 5% reduction in HMC processed. Primary zircon production decreased by 3% to 12 900 tonnes (Q1 2021: 13 300 tonnes)  which was also impacted by the reduced HMC processed  but partially offset by the processing of stockpiled spillage material in Q1 2022.Rutile production was up 5% in Q1 2022 to 2 000 tonnes (Q1 2021: 1 900 tonnes) due to recovery improvements that more than offset the lower HMC processed. Concentrates production increased by 20% to 10 700 tonnes (Q1 2021: 8 900 tonnes)  also benefitting from the processing of stockpiled spillage material in Q1 2022.Shipments decreased by 33% in Q1 2022 to 231 500 tonnes (Q1 2021: 344 400 tonnes)  primarily due to poor weather conditions and the arrival of some customer-chartered vessels being delayed. Shipments in Q1 2022 were comprised of 203 000 tonnes of ilmenite  11 800 tonnes of primary zircon  12 000 tonnes of concentrates and 4 800 tonnes of rutile.One of Kenmare’s two transshipment vessels  the Bronagh J  is due to begin its five-yearly dry dock in early May 2022 for a period of 10 weeks. During this time  Kenmare’s shipping capacity will be significantly reduced. However  there is sufficient capacity to catch up this shortfall when both vessels are operating together again  with finished product inventories expecting to be at normal levels by early 2023.Closing stock of HMC at the end of Q1 2022 was 22 900 tonnes  compared with 11 600 tonnes at year-end 2021. Closing stock of finished products at the end of Q1 2022 was 139 300 tonnes (Q4 2021: 88 700 tonnes)  which reflects lower shipments than production in Q1 2022.COVID-19 updateAs reported in the Q4 2021 Production Update in mid-January 2022  Kenmare experienced a sharp rise in COVID-19 cases in the second half of December 2021. The number of employees in isolation on site following a positive test result rose as high as 326 on 6 January 2022  but quickly reduced.On 12 April 2022 there were no people in isolation in the camp but the high number of employees in isolation during January did affect operations. The business continues to be managed to mitigate the impact and production has continued uninterrupted.Capital projects updateCommissioning of the RUPS commenced in Q1 2022. It is anticipated to deliver benefits in terms of both power stability and operating costs  through reduced usage of diesel generators. It is the primary contributor to Kenmare’s short-term target to reduce greenhouse gas emissions by 12% by 2024.A Pre-Feasibility Study in preparation for mining the Nataka ore zone continued to progress in Q1 2022 and is due to be completed later in 2022. Wet Concentrator Plant A is expected to commence mining in Nataka in 2025. The hydromining trial in Nataka has commenced and is progressing well. Ore body characterisation works continue and will be combined with mining  processing and tails management studies. The environmental and social assessment process is also underway.Market updateStrong market conditions for all of Kenmare’s products continued throughout Q1 2022. Demand continues to be greater than supply and consequently  ilmenite prices increased for the sixth consecutive quarter  while inventories remain low throughout the value chain for all products.In China  Q1 2022 was a record quarter for chloride pigment production. This intensified demand for imported feedstocks as domestic ilmenite is unsuitable for the chloride production process. Outside China  pigment demand is robust and a lack of titanium feedstock availability remains a bottleneck to pigment production volumes. Although additional ilmenite supply is entering the market  it is mostly in the form of concentrates from countries including Mozambique  the United States and Indonesia  but remains insufficient to meet demand.It is uncertain how the war in Ukraine will impact Kenmare’s product markets. Combined with high levels of inflation  the war has the potential to impact global growth  which could dampen demand for Kenmare’s products. However  4.5% of global titanium feedstocks production is attributable to Ukraine and disruption to this supply has exacerbated tight market conditions.The global freight market continues to be challenging and freight rates remain at elevated levels. However  the outlook for ilmenite remains positive  with received prices continuing to increase in Q2 2022.Demand for Kenmare’s zircon products was robust in Q1 2022  supported by low global zircon inventories. However  in Europe the increase in energy prices is presenting a headwind in the ceramics industry and could lead to lower tile production. Kenmare does not expect this to impact demand for its zircon  with strong zircon market conditions in China following Lunar New Year. Prices for zircon increased in Q1 2022 and the favourable market conditions for zircon are expected to continue in Q2 2022.For further information  please contact:Kenmare Resources plcJeremy Dibb / Katharine SuttonInvestor Relationsir@kenmareresources.comTel: +353 1 671 0411Mob: +353 87 943 0367 / +353 87 663 0875Murray (PR advisor)Doug Keatingedkeatinge@murraygroup.ieTel: +353 1 498 0300Mob: +353 86 037 4163About Kenmare ResourcesKenmare Resources plc is one of the world’s largest producers of mineral sands products. Listed on the London Stock Exchange and the Euronext Dublin  Kenmare operates the Moma Titanium Minerals Mine in Mozambique. Moma’s production accounts for approximately 8% of global titanium feedstocks and the Group supplies to customers in more than 15 countries. Kenmare produces raw materials that are ultimately consumed in everyday “quality-of life” items such as paints  plastics and ceramic tiles.All monetary amounts refer to United States dollars unless otherwise indicated.Forward Looking StatementsThis announcement contains some forward-looking statements that represent Kenmare's expectations for its business  based on current expectations about future events  which by their nature involve risks and uncertainties. Kenmare believes that its expectations and assumptions with respect to these forward-looking statements are reasonable. However  because they involve risk and uncertainty  which are in some cases beyond Kenmare's control. Actual results or performance may differ materially from those expressed or implied by such forward-looking information.",neutral,0.02,0.97,0.02,mixed,0.13,0.19,0.68,True,English,"['Q1 2022 Production Report', 'Lost Time Injury Frequency Rate', 'Q1 2021 Variance Q4 2021 Variance tonnes tonnes', 'zero Lost Time Injuries', 'Rotary Uninterruptible Power Supply', 'Moma Titanium Minerals Mine', 'global supply chain', 'leading global producers', 'Strong market conditions', 'Mineral Separation Plant', 'greenhouse gas emissions', '12-month rolling basis', 'Heavy Mineral Concentrate', 'stockpiled spillage material', 'customer-chartered vessel delays', 'mineral sands concentrate', 'strong safety performance', 'Q4 2021 Production Update', 'lower diesel usage', 'poor weather conditions', '2021 Preliminary Results announcement', 'sixth consecutive quarter', 'tight shipping markets', 'rolling 12-month LTIFR', 'eight million hours', 'Kenmare Resources plc', 'Full year guidance', 'primary zircon production', 'lower HMC production', 'Q1 2022 Production Report', 'Production HMC production', 'excavated ore tonnes', 'power stability', 'production guidance', 'Operational results', 'primary product', 'trading update', 'Operations update', 'Moma Mine', 'secondary zircon', 'northern Mozambique', 'Michael Carvill', 'Managing Director', 'low inventories', 'positive momentum', 'surrounding area', 'RUPS”) project', 'The RUPS', 'operating costs', 'short-term target', 'ore grades', 'higher recoveries', 'price increases', 'floor losses', 'Mining operations', 'personnel shortages', 'higher volumes', 'recovery improvements', 'Rutile production', 'Ilmenite production', 'LSE:KMR', 'ilmenite prices', 'Total shipments', 'early March', 'Concentrates production', 'finished products', 'year increase', '200,000 hours', '384,700 tonnes', '361,900 tonnes', '256,800 tonnes', '12,900 tonnes', '300 tonnes', '2,000 tonnes', '10,700 tonnes', '8,900 tonnes', '231,500 tonnes', '344,400 tonnes', '9,391,000 tonnes', '5,000 tonnes', '275,100 tonnes', '5% increase', '6% increase', 'Company', 'Group', '14 April', 'ISE', 'Statement', 'Q2', 'Board', 'Directors', 'February', 'highlight', 'visit', 'inspection', 'Overview', '200,000 man-hours', '6 January', '3% decrease', '5% decrease', 'processing', 'metrics', 'Story', 'Grade1', 'Concentrates2', 'period', 'achievement', 'COVID', '5% reduction', '3% to', 'reduced', '2.']",2022-04-14,2022-04-15,finance.yahoo.com
2955,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.hospitalitynet.org/news/4109973.html,Accor is Enhancing Its Loyalty Program All–Accor Live Limitless,To increase its footprint in the experiential sector  Accor  a world leader in hospitality  and Fever – the leading global live-entertainment discovery platform that helps more than 60 million people each week to discover the best experiences in their city – …,THIS NEW SERVICE  INITIALLY AVAILABLE IN 50 GATEWAY CITIES  WILL SOON BE EXTENDED TO 100 GLOBAL DESTINATIONS. IT WILL PROVIDE MEMBERS – IN THEIR LOCAL CITY OR WHILE TRAVELING – WITH ACCESS TO 1 500 ACTIVITIES  INCLUDING THE BEST LIVE ENTERTAINMENT  LOCAL TOURISM  CULTURAL EVENTS AND TICKETING SOLUTIONS.To increase its footprint in the experiential sector  Accor  a world leader in hospitality  and Fever – the leading global live-entertainment discovery platform that helps more than 60 million people each week to discover the best experiences in their city – have today announced a strategic partnership. This alliance aims to broaden the range of digital services provided throughout the year to ALL-Accor Live Limitless members and will constantly unlock brand-new experiences  including immersive exhibitions  interactive theater  candle-lit classical concerts in beautiful locations  festivals and much more.In addition to existing ticketing access included within ALL  covering major sporting events (PSG matches  French Open  Rolex Paris Masters  etc.)  food festivals (Taste Paris  London  Sao-Paulo) or legendary concerts at the Accor Arena Paris  this new destination-based service will expand the program’s portfolio adding some of the best-rated experiences. These will be suitable for a night out  a weekend with friends and family in your city  or a holiday on the other side of the world.ALL members can seamlessly reserve and obtain confirmation on www.all.com or on the ALL app  either by using ALL Reward points or by paying with their credit card while being rewarded with incremental ALL points. This collaboration between Accor and Fever will reinforce the Group’s Augmented Hospitality strategy  offering even more services and rewards.According to Mehdi Hemici  Accor’s Chief Loyalty & Partnership Officer Accor: “We want to give our loyalty members – whether during their day-to-day lives or during vacations – the chance to easily reserve experiences at any time in the heart of the city they’re in. As well as accessing numerous events and enjoying life to the full  they will be able to use their points to make reservations earning even more in the process! Fever’s expertise will enable ALL– Accor Live Limitless to offer its members the best possible experiences. At launch  we have iconic destinations already live such as New York  Paris  Singapore or London. This new service will also appeal to new members who will find our program even more attractive. This is further proof that the Group’s operations extend beyond the walls of its properties once again underlining our Augmented Hospitality strategy.”Ignacio Bachiller Ströhlein  Fever’s co-founder and CEO said: “We are excited to be able to bring thousands of our curated experiences from around the world to the entire Accor loyalty program community. This alliance will not only enable those millions of travelers to enjoy the cities like locals but will also be a further step in our mission to democratize access to culture and entertainment.”Source: AccorABOUT FEVERFever is the leading global live-entertainment discovery platform  helping millions of people every month to discover the best experiences in their cities  with a mission to democratize access to culture and entertainment in real life. Through its platform  Fever inspires its community to enjoy unique local experiences and events  from immersive art exhibitions  interactive theatrical experiences  festivals  classical music concerts to molecular cocktail pop-ups while empowering creators with data and technology to create and expand experiences across the world.For more information visit newsroom.feverup.com.About AccorAccor is a world leading hospitality group consisting of more than 5 300 properties and 10 000 food and beverage venues throughout 110 countries. The Group has one of the industry's most diverse and fully-integrated hospitality ecosystems encompassing more than 40 luxury  premium  midscale and economy hotel brands  entertainment and nightlife venues  restaurants and bars  branded private residences  shared accommodation properties  concierge services  co-working spaces and more. Accor's unmatched position in lifestyle hospitality – one of the fastest growing categories in the industry – is led by Ennismore  a joint venture  which Accor holds a majority shareholding. Ennismore is a creative hospitality company with a global collective of entrepreneurial and founder-built brands with purpose at their heart. Accor boasts an unrivalled portfolio of distinctive brands and approximately 260 000 team members worldwide. Members benefit from the company's comprehensive loyalty program – ALL - Accor Live Limitless – a daily lifestyle companion that provides access to a wide variety of rewards  services and experiences. Through its Planet 21 – Acting Here  Accor Solidarity  RiiSE and ALL Heartist Fund initiatives  the Group is focused on driving positive action through business ethics  responsible tourism  environmental sustainability  community engagement  diversity and inclusivity. Founded in 1967  Accor SA is headquartered in France and publicly listed on the Euronext Paris Stock Exchange (ISIN code: FR0000120404) and on the OTC Market (Ticker: ACCYY) in the United States. For more information visit group.accor.com  or follow Accor on Twitter  Facebook  LinkedIn  and Instagram.Line CrieloueGroup external communications - Executive Director - Corporate+33 1 45 38 18 11Accor,neutral,0.17,0.81,0.01,positive,0.68,0.3,0.01,True,English,"['Loyalty Program', 'Accor', 'Limitless', 'leading global live-entertainment discovery platform', 'Ignacio Bachiller Ströhlein', 'entire Accor loyalty program community', 'ALL Heartist Fund initiatives', 'ALL-Accor Live Limitless members', 'world leading hospitality group', 'candle-lit classical concerts', 'Augmented Hospitality strategy', 'classical music concerts', 'comprehensive loyalty program', 'daily lifestyle companion', 'economy hotel brands', 'Rolex Paris Masters', 'major sporting events', 'immersive art exhibitions', 'ALL Reward points', 'incremental ALL points', 'ALL– Accor Live', 'creative hospitality company', 'new destination-based service', 'Partnership Officer Accor', 'best possible experiences', 'interactive theatrical experiences', 'BEST LIVE ENTERTAINMENT', 'unique local experiences', 'Accor Arena Paris', 'existing ticketing access', '100 GLOBAL DESTINATIONS', 'global collective', 'lifestyle hospitality', 'immersive exhibitions', 'Chief Loyalty', 'loyalty members', 'legendary concerts', 'community engagement', 'ALL app', 'NEW SERVICE', 'TICKETING SOLUTIONS', 'strategic partnership', 'interactive theater', 'ALL members', 'LOCAL TOURISM', 'founder-built brands', 'distinctive brands', 'best experiences', 'Taste Paris', 'New York', 'new members', 'WHILE TRAVELING', 'CULTURAL EVENTS', 'experiential sector', 'beautiful locations', 'PSG matches', 'French Open', 'other side', 'credit card', 'Mehdi Hemici', 'numerous events', 'iconic destinations', 'cocktail pop-ups', 'beverage venues', 'nightlife venues', 'private residences', 'working spaces', 'unmatched position', 'growing categories', 'joint venture', 'majority shareholding', 'wide variety', 'positive action', 'business ethics', 'responsible tourism', 'environmental sustainability', '260,000 team members', 'Accor Solidarity', 'brand-new experiences', 'world leader', 'The Group', 'LOCAL CITY', '60 million people', 'digital services', 'day lives', 'real life', 'concierge services', 'unrivalled portfolio', '50 GATEWAY CITIES', 'accommodation properties', 'food festivals', '10,000 food', '5,300 properties', '1,500 ACTIVITIES', 'footprint', 'Fever', 'alliance', 'range', 'year', 'addition', 'London', 'Sao-Paulo', 'weekend', 'friends', 'family', 'holiday', 'confirmation', 'www', 'collaboration', 'rewards', 'vacations', 'chance', 'time', 'reservations', 'process', 'expertise', 'launch', 'Singapore', 'proof', 'operations', 'walls', 'CEO', 'thousands', 'millions', 'travelers', 'locals', 'step', 'mission', 'culture', 'Source', 'molecular', 'creators', 'data', 'technology', 'information', 'newsroom', '110 countries', 'industry', 'diverse', 'midscale', 'restaurants', 'bars', 'fastest', 'Ennismore', 'entrepreneurial', 'purpose', 'Planet', 'RiiSE', 'diversity', 'inclusivity']",2022-04-14,2022-04-15,hospitalitynet.org
2956,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://ca.sports.yahoo.com/news/virbac-very-strong-growth-revenue-160200724.html,Virbac : Very strong growth in revenue in the first quarter of 2022 of +16.2% at comparable exchange rates (+19.3% at real rates)  driven by good performance in all areas,KEY FIGURESRevenue1st quarter 2022 €318.0 millionGrowth at constant exchange rates and scope 1 +16.2% including companion animals +19.5% food-producing animals +13.3%Growth at constant exchange rates +16.2% Overall change +19.3% 1 Growth at constant exchange …,VirbacKEY FIGURES Revenue1st quarter 2022€318.0 million Growth at constant exchange rates and scope 1+16.2% includingcompanion animals +19.5%food-producing animals +13.3% Growth at constantexchange rates+16.2%Overall change+19.3%1 Growth at constant exchange rates and scope corresponds to organic growth of sales  excluding exchange rate variations  by calculating the indicator for the financial year in question and the indicator for the previous financial year on the basis of identical exchange rates (the exchange rate used is the previous financial year)  and excluding change in scope  by calculating the indicator for the financial year in question on the basis of the scope of consolidation for the previous financial year.Quarterly consolidated revenueOur first-quarter revenue reached €318.0 million  or a 19.3% increase with respect to the same period in 2021. At constant exchange rates  growth was +16.2%  driven by very good performance in the companion animal segment. This growth benefited in part from a favorable baseline effect representing 2 points of growth in revenue  attributable to new products acquired starting in the second quarter of 2021. This growth was also supported in some countries by increases in distributor inventories. It should be noted that our actual performance was favorably impacted by the appreciation of certain currencies  in particular the US dollar  the Indian rupee  and the Brazilian real.Our growth in the first quarter was driven mainly by the performance of Asia-Pacific  Europe and Latin America. In Asia-Pacific  the real-rates growth was +25.9% (+22.5% at constant exchange rates). Australia and India were the main drivers of this growth in the area  generating nearly 80% of it  offsetting the decline in China  impacted by Covid-19 and a very challenging baseline effect compared to the first quarter of 2021. In Europe  revenue grew by 11.2% at real rates (+10.4% at constant rates). The main contributors to this performance were France  Italy  the United Kingdom  the Export and OTC areas activities  and Germany  driven by strong momentum in the companion animal ranges (in particular petfood  specialty products  and vaccines)  which offset the decline in ranges for food-producing animals. In Latin America  excluding Chile  the Group had an excellent start of the year. Revenue grew by 35.6% at real rates (+27 2 % at constant exchange rates)  due to double-digit growth in all subsidiaries  particularly thanks to strong contributions of Brazil and Mexico. Chile posted growth of 9.5% at real rates (+6.0% at constant exchange rates)  driven by sales in the companion animal and salmon ranges. Lastly  in the United States  first-quarter revenue increased by 26.2% (+17.5% at constant exchange rates). It benefited from strong sales of new products launched in 2021  as well as external parasiticides.Story continuesIn terms of species  revenue in the companion animal segment grew overall by 22.3% at real rates (+19.5% at constant exchange rates)  mainly driven by very good double-digit growth in the petfood  specialty  dermatology and hygiene ranges  as well as vaccines for dogs and cats. The food-producing animals segment also showed strong growth of 16.9% at real rates (+13.3% at constant exchange rates)  mainly driven by the ruminant sector (+17.1% at constant exchange rates); and the aquaculture segment (+6.9% at constant rates) compared to the same period in 2021.OutlookBased on first-quarter performance  while also taking into account the uncertainties of the coming months as well as the market’s expected return to normal  we are expanding our revenue growth outlook at constant rates and scope to a range of between 5% and 10%. The ratio of “current operating profit before depreciation of assets arising from acquisitions” to “revenue” should be around 15% at constant exchange rates (with a deliberate overinvestment in R&D of approximately 1 percentage point of revenue compared to 2021). Furthermore  debt relief should be around €60 million  excluding dividends  at constant scope and exchange rates.Covid-19 health crisis and the war in UkraineWe continue to face significant production  logistical and supply constraints with regard to certain intermediaries  and more recently  the impact of inflation on our costs (energy  raw materials  etc.).A lifelong commitment to animal healthAt Virbac  we make innovative solutions available to veterinarians  farmers and animal owners in more than 100 countries around the world. Covering more than 50 species  our range of products and services can diagnose  prevent and treat the majority of pathologies. Every day  we are committed to improving the quality of life of animals and to shaping the future of animal health together.Virbac: NYSE Euronext - compartment A – ISIN code: FR0000031577 / MNEMO: VIRPFinancial Affairs Department: tel. 04 92 08 71 32 - email: finances@virbac.com - Website: corporate.virbac.comAttachments,positive,0.96,0.03,0.01,mixed,0.43,0.19,0.38,True,English,"['comparable exchange rates', 'real rates', 'strong growth', 'first quarter', 'good performance', 'Virbac', 'revenue', 'areas', 'favorable baseline effect', 'challenging baseline effect', 'OTC areas activities', 'current operating profit', 'Financial Affairs Department', 'identical exchange rates', 'exchange rate variations', 'constant exchange rates', 'previous financial year', 'companion animal segment', 'KEY FIGURES Revenue', 'Quarterly consolidated revenue', 'Covid-19 health crisis', 'food-producing animals segment', 'companion animal ranges', 'good double-digit growth', 'constant rates', 'revenue growth outlook', 'animal health', 'aquaculture segment', 'companion animals', 'real rates', 'animal owners', 'good performance', '1st quarter', 'same period', 'second quarter', 'distributor inventories', 'US dollar', 'Indian rupee', 'Brazilian real', 'first quarter', 'Latin America', 'main drivers', 'main contributors', 'United Kingdom', 'strong momentum', 'excellent start', 'strong contributions', 'salmon ranges', 'United States', 'external parasiticides', 'hygiene ranges', 'ruminant sector', 'coming months', 'deliberate overinvestment', 'R&D', '1 percentage point', 'debt relief', 'supply constraints', 'raw materials', 'lifelong commitment', 'innovative solutions', 'NYSE Euronext', 'compartment A', 'ISIN code', 'constant scope', 'new products', 'first-quarter revenue', 'actual performance', 'first-quarter performance', 'Overall change', 'organic growth', 'real-rates growth', 'strong growth', 'strong sales', 'specialty products', '3% Growth', '1 Growth', 'Virbac', 'indicator', 'question', 'basis', 'consolidation', '19.3% increase', 'respect', '2 points', 'countries', 'increases', 'appreciation', 'currencies', 'Asia-Pacific', 'Europe', 'Australia', 'decline', 'China', 'France', 'Italy', 'Export', 'Germany', 'particular', 'petfood', 'vaccines', 'Chile', 'Group', 'subsidiaries', 'Mexico', 'Story', 'terms', 'species', 'dermatology', 'dogs', 'cats', 'account', 'uncertainties', 'market', 'ratio', 'depreciation', 'assets', 'acquisitions', 'dividends', 'war', 'Ukraine', 'logistical', 'regard', 'intermediaries', 'impact', 'inflation', 'costs', 'energy', 'veterinarians', 'farmers', 'world', 'services', 'majority', 'pathologies', 'quality', 'future', 'MNEMO', 'VIRP', 'email', 'finances', 'Website', 'Attachments']",2022-04-14,2022-04-15,ca.sports.yahoo.com
2957,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/marie-brizard-wine-spirits-2021-163400185.html,Marie Brizard Wine & Spirits: 2021 full-year earnings,Paris  14 April 2022 2021 full-year earnings Profit recovery in a highly competitive industry and volatile business environment coupled with the end of the...,Marie Brizard Wine & SpiritsParis  14 April 20222021 full-year earningsProfit recovery in a highly competitive industry and volatile business environmentcoupled with the end of the pandemic2021 EBITDA* of €12.6m  up 19.2% from €10.6m in 2020  including non-recurring income 1Total net earnings from continuing operations improved sign ificantly  with net profit of €6.6 m in 202 1 compared to a net loss of €5.6 m in 2020Net profit  Group share: net profit of €5.6m in 2021 vs a loss of €38.5m in 2020  reflecting improved profitability in our businesses and the successful implementation of the financial restructuring programme over the past three years* EBITDA = EBIT – provisions for current assets – depreciation and amortisation – pension liabilitiesMarie Brizard Wine & Spirits (Euronext: MBWS) today announces its consolidated earnings for the 2021 financial year as approved by the Group’s Board of Directors on 13 April 2022. All audit procedures have been carried out.Commenting on these results  Andrew Highcock  Chief Executive Officer of Marie Brizard Wine & Spirits  said:“The second half of 2021 confirmed the positive trend observed at the beginning of the year; the ongoing operational implementation of our value creation strategy coupled with the achievement of targeted volume growth affirms the fundamentals of the 2021 EBITDA improvement. Backed by a streamlined financial structure and restored balance sheet position  the Group intends to pursue profitable and proactive business development while maintaining rigorous cost management at local and central level so as to sustain the profitability of its businesses. In an already highly disruptive and volatile environment at the close of 2021  the Group is particularly vigilant about protecting its interests given the current Ukraine conflict; the Group is committed to maintaining its adaptability as regards its organisation  employees and operations during the coming months at this time of uncertainty.”Story continuesSimplified income statement – FY 2021€m except EPS 2020 2021 Change 2021/2020 Net revenues (excluding excise duties) 169.1 166.7 -2.4 Gross margin 71.6 68.6 -3.0 Gross margin ratio 42.4% 41.1% EBITDA 10.6 12.6 +2.0 EBITDA margin 6.3% 7.6% Underlying operating profit 1.0 5.7 +4.7 Net profit/(loss) Group share (38.5) 5.6 +44.1 of which Net profit/(loss) from continuing operations  Group share (5.6) 6.6 +12.2 of which Net profit/(loss) from discontinued operations (32.9) (1.0) +31.9 Earnings per share  Group share (EPS  €) (0.86) 0.06 +0.92 Earnings per share from continuing operations  Group share (EPS  €) (0.12) 0.06 +0.18In 2021  the Group generated sales of €166.7m (after application of IFRS 5)  down 1% compared to the previous year (excluding currency impact)  but up 3.6% excluding non-recurring items1.2021 was marked by a recovery in sales driven by the France cluster despite a slowdown in the Off-Trade spirits market  in particular during the second half  in favour of the On-Trade channel.International business was impacted by multiple and successive changes in health restrictions  particularly in Europe and major Asian markets. Overall business in the USA was encouraging thanks to the new distribution model but fell short of 2020 sales  which were boosted by initial stock building at our new distributor.The gross margin ratio was 41.1% in 2021  down from 42.4% in 2020 due to:the sharp decrease in bulk sales (volume and margin) in the Baltic states (hand sanitizers for the COVID pandemic in 2020)  a market that became highly competitive the negative price effect in France due to trade negotiations and promotional expenditure to drive Sobieski and Paddy brand growth partly offset by the recovery of the branded business  which posted higher gross margin contributions  particularly for the international and On-Trade business in the second half of 2021.The various structural measures are bearing fruit and all entities except Dubar in Brazil posted positive EBITDA in 2021.Net non-recurring operating expenses for 2021 amounted to € -0.1m  mainly due to the positive outcome of the Group’s financial restructuring plan.The €0 25 m net financial income for 2021 was significantly lower than in 2020 (which included one-off proceeds from Trinidad & Tobago recorded in June 2020)  but the cost of debt has fallen significantly  given the change in the Group’s financial structure following the February 2021 capital increase.Net earnings from continuing operations in 2021 amounted to a €6 6m profit compared to a net loss of €5.6m in 2020  reflecting the Group’s improving profitability and the merits of its strategy of refocusing on the core “brand business”.2021 net revenues by cluster(€m) 2020 Like-for-like change Currencyimpact 2021 LFL change (excl. currency impact) Change(incl. currency impact) FRANCE CLUSTER 75.9 2.7 - 78.6 +3.5% +3.5% INTERNATIONAL CLUSTER 93.2 (4.5) (0.6) 88.1 -4.8% -5.4% TOTAL MBWS 169.1 (1.8) (0.6) 166.7 -1.0% -1.4%2021 EBITDA by cluster(€m) 2020 Like-for-like change Currencyimpact 2021LFL change (excl. currency impact) Change(incl. currency impact) FRANCE CLUSTER 10.7 +1.7 - 12.4 +15.9% +15.9% INTERNATIONAL CLUSTER 8.4 +0.3 (0.1) 8.6 +2.3% +1.1% HOLDING COMPANY (8.5) +0.1 - (8.4) -1.7% -1.7% TOTAL MBWS 10.6 +2.1 (0.1) 12.6 +19.2% +18.2%FRANCE CLUSTERIn an industry where competition remained particularly intense  France continued to balance its “value : volume” strategy  posting 2021 revenues of €78.6m  up 3.5% versus 2020.Following the reopening of hotels  bars and restaurants in the second half and in spite of the COVID Certificate requirement  the out-of-home consumption channel increased by 12% over the last two quarters at the expense of sales among major retailers  which nevertheless grew year-on-year.The under-12-year blended whisky market recorded a 0.9% decline over the period  significantly impacting William Peel volumes and sales among major retailers against a backdrop of intense promotional activity.The Group’s main brands followed the spirits market trend and confirmed their positive performance in the fourth quarter  driven by leading brands Marie Brizard (Manzanita) and San José. Apart from the slowdown in William Peel volumes  other brands such as Sobieski in the vodka segment gained market share thanks to extensive targeted promotional initiatives.In 2021  the France cluster also benefited from full-year sales of Paddy Irish whiskey  for which the Group took over distribution in the second half of 2020.Thanks to tight control of overheads and the recognition of a €3m exceptional non-recurring credit note issued by a whisky supplier under a new contract signed in January 2021  the region’s EBITDA increased by 15.9% in 2021 to €12.4m.INTERNATIONAL CLUSTERThe International cluster posted revenues of €88.1m for 2021  down 4.8% compared to 2020  when revenues were boosted by non-recurring items2: excluding these  International cluster revenues were up 3.6% versus 2020. As a reminder  the region’s sales are split between the legal entities within the International cluster  as detailed below. The region’s business performance  due in particular to the second half recovery of the On-Trade business and improved market coverage  generated EBITDA of €8.6m in 2021  up 2.3% versus 2020.MBWS International:Revenues amounted to €14.6m  up €4.5m due to (i) business development in Europe  Africa and Asia Pacific  (ii) recovery in the UK and (iii) the inclusion of the Canada and Poland markets served by Imperial Brands and MBWS Polska respectively in 2020.In Western Europe  as the year progressed  business was significantly impacted by the varying restrictions imposed on different economic operators due to the health crisis.In Benelux  the “value over volume” policy led to a slight erosion of revenues. These factors were partly offset  mainly during the second half  by the reopening of the On-Trade business in the UK  a major market for the Marie Brizard brand.Against this backdrop  the Italian market improved in 2021  including towards the end of the year.The French overseas territories and departments (DOM-TOM) witnessed significant growth in business marked by successive changes in health measures similar to those in mainland France. The Africa export markets also performed well  posting strong sales growth throughout the year.In Poland  sales of our brands (in particular William Peel and Cognac Gautier) to the former MBWS subsidiary (now called Premium Distillers) increased steadily during 2021.Asia Pacific business in 2021 was driven by overall sales resilience throughout the year in Australia and Korea  which offset the difficulties in Japan (following the state of emergency and lockdown  the Olympic Games not having had as positive an impact as initially anticipated). However  in Australia and Korea  the end of 2021 was  in contrast to the rest of the year  down significantly (destocking effect in Australia) compared to a dynamic 4th quarter 2020.MBWS España:Revenues amounted to €20.0m  down €1.7m.Working through the health crisis  Spain was one of the first countries to reopen the On-Trade business  which particularly benefited Marie Brizard brand and cross-border sales. As a result  brand sales rose 2% versus 2020.This recovery was offset by the Pulco subcontracting business  which saw a year-on-year decline in volumes resulting in an 11% decrease in revenues.However  growth in brand sales had a positive impact on our margin that outweighed this decline. The subsidiary continued to keep overheads under control  particularly through external cost savings.MBWS Scandinavia:Revenues increased by €0.6m to €2.7m  up 25.8% excluding currency impact  thanks to the recovery of the On-Trade market in Denmark as confirmed in the fourth quarter. The Off-Trade market is also subject to growing competition with premium brands available at affordable prices. It is worth noting the positive impact of the takeover of Kidibul brand distribution  which accounted for 25% of revenue growth.MBWS Baltics:Revenues in the Baltic states were impacted by the sharp contraction of the bulk sales market. In the fourth quarter  following the lifting of health restrictions and expectations of an increase in excise duties at the beginning of 2022  domestic market revenues edged up  boosted towards the end of the year by a stronger recovery than that of the brand business in the Eastern Europe export markets.Revenues fell €7.2m versus 2020 mainly due to the €5.4m loss in bulk sales. Following restatement  pro forma sales decreased by €1.8m versus the previous year due to lower sales prices in the recurring bulk business  despite the gradual easing of COVID restrictions and price increases for our brands.MBWS Bulgaria:Bulgaria also posted strong growth in 2021 for the Group’s international spirits brands (Marie Brizard  Sobieski  Gautier  William Peel) coupled with an increase in sales of the main national wine brands  a significant increase in export volumes  particularly to Greece and Turkey  and the subcontracting business to Romania. The subsidiary posted revenues of €14.0m  up €3.9m versus 2020.Imperial Brands:In the United States  2021 revenues fell 8% versus 2020  impacted by the distribution model changes in the first half of 2020.Revenues thus came in at €10.7m  down €5.4m excluding restatement and currency impact. After restatement  pro forma sales decreased by €3.0m compared to the previous year  with the positive effect of the initial stock building at our distributor evaluated at €2.4m. Changes in the US dollar exchange rate had an adverse impact of €0.4m on the company’s revenues.The end of the year was marked by a slowdown in Sobieski sales due to aggressive promotional strategies pursued by competitors in the vodka category (leading to a decline in value) and postponement of sales to 2022 due to logistical constraints (particularly affecting sea freight). These adverse effects were partly offset by the strong performance from Cognac Gautier.Dubar:Brazil experienced strong business growth in 2021  despite the challenging health situation and cancellation of major events  such as the Carnival at the beginning of the year. This momentum was driven by growth in local and imported brand sales (Cutty Sark and Sobieski)  although a slowdown was noted in the fourth quarter.Revenues increased by 40% compared to the previous year  up €3.0m. The depreciation of the Brazilian real hit the region’s revenues by €0.3m. Despite the intensification of the new strategy  overall performance was impacted by the year-end slowdown in sales.HOLDING COMPANYThe holding company posted an EBITDA loss of €8.4m for 2021 compared to an €8.5m loss in 2020  driven by two contrasting trends:a significant decrease in the holding company’s operating expenses  downsizing of core teams in line with the Group’s new critical mass and the operational organisational system implemented in early 2021  plus tight control of operating budgets a significant reduction in re-invoicing of central expenses to subsidiaries following the Group downsizing operation.Thus  excluding rebillings  Holding company operating expenses decreased by 16% from 2020 to 2021.Balance sheet at 31 December 2021Group shareholders’ equity amounted to €173.6m at 31 December 2021 compared to €66.6m at 31 December 2020  as restated3  while the net cash position amounted to €48.2m at 31 December 2021  compared to net financial debt of €43.6m at 31 December 2020.(€m) 31 December 2020 restated3 Profit/(loss) for the period Capital increase Otherchanges 31 December 2021 Net capitalisation of COFEPP debt Subscription by minority shareholders Of which translation reserves SHAREHOLDERS’ EQUITYGroup share 66.6 5.6 82.8 17.4 1.2 173.6These changes reflect the January 2021 capital increase that led to the capitalisation of (i) all bank debt (excluding factoring) purchased by COFEPP from the Company’s lending banks (principal amount of €45m) and overdraft facilities drawn down (principal amount of €1.1m)  (ii) all current account advances paid or yet to be paid by COFEPP to the Company and its subsidiary MBWS France (total principal amount of €32m) and (iii) the first tranche of the Poland Advance granted by COFEPP to the Company (€3m) and the related accrued interest.OutlookThe Group continues to roll out its strategic plan after an initial phase that involved eliminating loss-making operations  cutting costs and streamlining operational structures.Now organised into two clusters (France and International) under the overall management of the Holding company  the Group is maintaining its consistent objective  both in commercial negotiations and transactions with customers and in brand and market development  of striking the right balance between value and volume  particularly in Europe and the USA.This strategy  coupled with the policy of tailoring costs to the size of operations on a country-by-country basis  will be continued and will underpin the Group’s growing profitability. Bolstered by the proceeds of the February 2021 capital increase  the MBWS Group is now looking to step up organic as well as external growth projects in order to boost operational and financial performance.2021 full-year earnings confirm the positive trends observed in 2020  in an economic environment largely dependent on developments in the pandemic during H1 2021  with a disruptive impact on the business depending on distribution channels and against a volatile backdrop at the end of the year.At the beginning of 2022  taking into acount the ongoing resolution of the health crisis and in view of (i) the supply risks relating to the regular unavailability of raw and dry materials  (ii) the sharp increases in costs (which are far higher than the potential for passing them on downstream to the distribution chain and customers)  the Group has adopted a conservative position on its annual performance for 2022.This situation is greatly aggravated by the recent unforeseen news at the end of February about dramatic events in Ukraine (with new exceptional inflationary pressures) and their consequences  which are not yet completely measurable  on all the markets where MBWS operates (particularly in France and Europe); for the time being  the Group is therefore very cautious about its short and medium-term performance in view of these operational challenges  which are forcing the Group to adapt its commercial policies accordingly.Financial calendar:General Meeting: 30 June 2022Q1 2020 revenues: 28 April 2022H1 2022 revenues: 28 July 2022Investor and shareholder relations contactMBWS GroupEmilie Drexleremilie.drexler@mbws.comTel.: +33 1 43 91 62 21 Press contactImage SeptClaire Doligez - Laurence Maurycdoligez@image7.fr – lmaury@image7.frTel.: +33 1 53 70 74 70About Marie Brizard Wine & SpiritsMarie Brizard Wine & Spirits is a wine and spirits group based in Europe and the United States. Marie Brizard Wine & Spirits stands out for its expertise  a combination of brands with a long tradition and a resolutely innovative spirit. Since the birth of the Maison Marie Brizard in 1755  the Marie Brizard Wine & Spirits Group has developed its brands in a spirit of modernity while respecting their origins. Marie Brizard Wine & Spirits is committed to offering its customers bold and trusted brands full of flavour and experiences. The Group now has a rich portfolio of leading brands in their market segments  including William Peel  Sobieski  Marie Brizard and Cognac Gautier.Marie Brizard Wine & Spirits is listed on Compartment B of Euronext Paris (FR0000060873 - MBWS) and is part of the EnterNext© PEA-PME 150 index.APPENDIX FY 2021 Consolidated Financial StatementsIncome statement(€000) 2021 2020 2021/2020 change Revenues 214 395 220 774 -6 379 -3% Excise duties (47 711) (51 691) +3 980 +8% Net revenues excluding excise duties 166 684 169 083 -2 399 -1% Cost of goods sold (98 124) (97 474) -650 -1% External expenses (26 713) (24 795) -1 918 -8% Personnel expense (31 177) (32 028) +850 +3% Taxes and levies (1 688) (1 989) +301 +15% Depreciation and amortisation charges (6 616) (9 699) +3 083 +32% Other operating income 7 155 4 127 +3 028 +73% Other operating expenses (3 829) (6 178) +2 349 +38% Underlying operating profit 5 692 1 046 +4 645 +444% Non-recurring operating income 5 226 8 587 -3 361 -39% Non-recurring operating expenses (5 334) (15 303) +9 969 +65% Operating profit/(loss) 5 584 (5 671) +11 254 +198% Income from cash and cash equivalents 120 89 +31 +35% Gross cost of debt (454) (2 934) +2 480 +85% Net cost of debt (334) (2 845) +2 511 +88% Other financial income 730 6 364 -5 634 -89% Other financial expenses (146) (1 870) +1 724 +92% Net financial income 250 1 649 -1 399 -85% Profit/(loss) before tax 5 834 (4 023) +9 856 +245% Income tax 751 (1 511) +2 262 +150% Net profit/(loss) from continuing operations 6 585 (5 533) +12 117 +219% Net profit/(loss) from discontinued operations (1 017) (32 912) +31 895 NET PROFIT/(LOSS) 5 568 (38 445) +44 012 +114% Group share 5 564 (38 465) +44 028 +114% of which Net profit/(loss) from continuing operations 6 581 (5 553) +12 133 +2 of which Net profit/(loss) from discontinued operations (1 017) (32 912) +31 895 +1 Non-controlling interests 4 20 -16 -1 of which Net profit/(loss) from continuing operations 4 20 -16 -1 of which Net profit/(loss) from discontinued operations Earnings per share from continuing operations  Group share (€) €0.06 (€0.12) Diluted earnings per share from continuing operations  Group share (€) €0.06 (€0.12) Earnings per share  Group share (€) 0.05 (€0.86) Diluted earnings per share  Group share (€) 0.05 (€0.86) Weighted average number of shares outstanding 105 889 482 44 571 246 Diluted weighted average number of shares outstanding 105 889 482 44 571 246Balance sheetAssets (€000) 31/12/2021 31/12/2020 reported 2021/2020 change Non-current assets Goodwill 14 704 14 704 0% Intangible assets 79 361 83 167 -3 806 -5% Property  plant and equipment 27 181 28 111 -930 -3% Financial assets 4 001 5 639 -1 638 -29% Deferred tax assets 452 1 225 -773 -63% Total non-current assets 125 699 132 846 -7 147 -5% Current assets Inventory and work-in-progress 35 094 37 811 -2 717 -7% Trade receivables 35 891 20 813 +15 078 +72% Tax receivables 4 125 554 +3 571 +645% Other current assets 9 714 22 123 -12 409 -56% Current derivatives 281 70 +211 +301% Cash and cash equivalents 54 169 42 075 +12 094 +29% Assets held for sale 3 058 12 900 -9 842 -76% Total current assets 142 332 136 346 +5 986 +4% TOTAL ASSETS 268 031 269 192 -1 161 0% Equity & Liabilities (€000) 31/12/2021 31/12/2020 reported 2021/2020 change Shareholders’ equity Share capital 156 729 62 578 +94 151 +150% Additional paid-in capital 72 751 66 711 +6 040 +9% Consolidated and other reserves (51 638) (14 083) -37 555 +267% Translation reserves (9 806) (10 720) +914 -9% Consolidated net profit/(loss) 5 564 (38 465) +44 029 -114% Shareholders’ equity (Group share) 173 600 66 020 +107 580 +163% Non-controlling interests 332 328 +4 +1% Total shareholders’ equity 173 932 66 348 +107 584 +162% Non-current liabilities Employee benefits 2 214 3 150 -936 -30% Non-current provisions 4 116 3 926 +190 +5% Long-term borrowings – due in > 1 year 2 546 65 352 -62 806 -96% Other non-current liabilities 1 735 1 751 -16 -1% Deferred tax liabilities 15 965 17 879 -1 914 -11% Total non-current liabilities 26 576 92 058 -65 482 -71% Current liabilities Current provisions 2 546 7 049 -4 503 -64% Long-term borrowings – due in < 1 year 888 15 023 -14 135 -94% Short-term borrowings 2 542 5 287 -2 745 -52% Trade and other payables 31 113 34 777 -3 664 -11% Tax liabilities 135 5 667 -5 532 -98% Other current liabilities 29 942 32 584 -2 642 -8% Current derivatives 198 98 +100 +102% Liabilities held for sale 159 10 301 -10 142 Total current liabilities 67 523 110 786 -43 263 -39% TOTAL EQUITY AND LIABILITIES 268 031 269 192 -1 161 0%Cash flow statement.(€000) 2021 2020 Total consolidated net profit/(loss) 5 568 (38 445) Depreciation and provisions 1 927 5 143 Fair value revaluation gains/losses 2 953 Gains/(losses) on disposals and dilution 579 20 840 Operating cash flow after net cost of debt and tax 8 074 (9 508) Income tax charge/(income) (751) 8 776 Net cost of debt 315 4 100 Operating cash flow before net cost of debt and tax 7 638 3 368 Change in working capital 1 (inventories  trade receivables/payables) (13 111) 2 290 Change in working capital 2 (other items) 5 693 (898) Tax paid (9 341) (335) Cash flow from operating activities (9 121) 4 425 Purchase of minority interests Purchase of PP&E and intangible assets (3 276) (5 025) Increase in loans and advances granted (45) (3 421) Decrease in loans and advances granted 1 841 6 823 Disposal of PP&E and intangible assets 283 1 039 Impact of change in consolidation scope 1 859 1 733 Cash flow from investment activities 662 1 148 Capital increase 16 710 New borrowings 7 209 29 371 Borrowings repaid (1 485) (12 356) Net interest paid (315) (702) Net change in short-term debt (2 752) (4 791) Cash flow from financing activities 19 367 11 521 Impact of exchange rate fluctuations 1 186 (1 212) Change in cash and cash equivalents 12 094 15 882 Opening cash and cash equivalents 42 075 26 193 Closing cash and cash equivalents 54 169 42 075 Change in cash and cash equivalents 12 094 15 8821 EBITDA 2020: impact of +3 7m€ arising from the new sales structure in the USA in early 2020 and the impact of bulk sales for hand sanitisers in LithuaniaEBITDA 2021: impact of +3m€ arising from the exceptional  one-off credit note issued by a Scotch Whisky supplier2 Restatement of the impact of the new sales structure in the USA in early 2020 and the impact of bulk sales for hand sanitisers in Lithuania.3 IFRIC/IAS 19: retrospective application of the change in method of calculating pension liabilitiesAttachment,neutral,0.01,0.98,0.01,mixed,0.1,0.19,0.71,True,English,"['Marie Brizard Wine', '2021 full-year earnings', 'Spirits', 'higher gross margin contributions', 'Net non-recurring operating expenses', '€0,25 m net financial income', 'Marie Brizard Wine', 'past three years', 'Chief Executive Officer', 'balance sheet position', 'Simplified income statement', 'major Asian markets', 'initial stock building', 'negative price effect', 'Paddy brand growth', 'various structural measures', 'February 2021 capital increase', 'financial restructuring programme', 'financial restructuring plan', 'ongoing operational implementation', 'Gross margin ratio', 'new distribution model', 'proactive business development', 'core “brand business', 'value creation strategy', 'targeted volume growth', 'rigorous cost management', 'volatile business environment', 'Total net earnings', 'Off-Trade spirits market', 'change Currency impact', 'non-recurring income', 'volatile environment', 'operating profit', 'financial structure', 'non-recurring items', 'successful implementation', 'new distributor', 'net profit', 'Net revenues', '2021 financial year', 'Overall business', 'Trade business', '2021 full-year earnings', 'competitive industry', 'pension liabilities', 'consolidated earnings', 'audit procedures', 'Andrew Highcock', 'second half', 'positive trend', 'central level', 'Ukraine conflict', 'coming months', 'excise duties', 'Trade channel', 'successive changes', 'health restrictions', 'sharp decrease', 'Baltic states', 'hand sanitizers', 'trade negotiations', 'promotional expenditure', 'positive outcome', 'one-off proceeds', '€6,6m profit', 'TOTAL MBWS', 'International business', '2.0 EBITDA margin', 'net loss', 'continuing operations', 'improved profitability', 'previous year', 'improving profitability', 'LFL change', 'current assets', 'COVID pandemic', '2021 EBITDA improvement', 'positive EBITDA', 'Profit recovery', 'France cluster', 'INTERNATIONAL CLUSTER', 'bulk sales', 'Group share', '2020 sales', 'Paris', '14 April', 'businesses', 'provisions', 'depreciation', 'amortisation', 'Euronext', 'Board', 'Directors', '13 April', 'results', 'beginning', 'achievement', 'fundamentals', 'profitable', 'local', 'disruptive', 'close', 'interests', 'adaptability', 'organisation', 'employees', 'time', 'uncertainty', 'Story', 'FY', 'EPS', 'application', 'IFRS', 'slowdown', 'favour', 'multiple', 'Europe', 'USA', 'Sobieski', 'fruit', 'entities', 'Dubar', 'Brazil', 'Trinidad', 'Tobago', 'June', 'debt', 'merits']",2022-04-14,2022-04-15,finance.yahoo.com
2958,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/the-norns-awards-2022-rewards-the-excellence-and-innovation-301526128.html,The NORNS Awards 2022 Rewards the Excellence and Innovation,SINGAPORE  April 14  2022 /PRNewswire/ -- Every year  The NORNS Awards honors one or more individuals who have distinguished themselves by making a significant and lasting contribution to the world of innovation. Among the winners  the founders of BioNTech Öz…,"SINGAPORE  April 14  2022 /PRNewswire/ -- Every year  The NORNS Awards honors one or more individuals who have distinguished themselves by making a significant and lasting contribution to the world of innovation.Among the winners  the founders of BioNTech Özlem Türeci and Uğur Şahin  Euronext CEO Stéphane Boujnah  Ahmad Imam International Influencer  Gulf Craft Chairman Mohammed Al Shaali  entrepreneur and activist Maitê Schneider  MJN CEO David Blánquez  Airtime founder and CEO Orlando Taddeo  entrepreneur and lawyer Marcia Rocha.THE NORNS Special AwardThe commitment to innovation is the theme that binds the winners of the ""Special Awards for Innovation"" of The Norns Awards https://thenornsawards.com/ . Closing date for nominations in this edition will be next April 30th.""COVID Fighters 2022"" goes to ÖZLEM TÜRECI & UĞUR ŞAHIN ""for their vision and tirelessness research in the advancement and the development of the first mRNA vaccine against COVID-19  born from cancer research that saved millions of lives all over the world"". (Germany)""Most Dynamic Stock Exchange in the World 2022"" goes to EURONEXT CEO Mr. STÉPHANE BOUJNAH ""For the complex acquisitions made in recent years which have seen the creation of the main European market infrastructure. Euronext is today the reference stock exchange venue for the growth of European companies"". (France)""Middle East Entrepreneur 2022"" goes to MOHAMMED AL SHAALI ""For his longstanding vision and for his remarkable contributions to the world's leisure marine industry in the Middle East over the last forty years. Gulf Craft celebrates its 40th anniversary in 2022  and Mr. Alshaali contributed to create sustainable growth for the maritime industry and led Gulf Craft to become a key pillar of the manufacturing industry"". (UAE)""International Influencer of the Year 2022"" goes to AHMAD IMAM ""For his extraordinary work in inspiring and empowering professionals to live their best lives and for using his global influence to make a positive impact both online and offline"". (Australia)""Diversity and Inclusion Hero 2022"" goes to MAITÊ SCHNEIDER ""For the struggles and achievements in the field of Diversity and Inclusion  and supporting projects aimed at NON-discriminating the presence of LGBTQAI+ people in the business environment"". (Brazil)""AI Wearable Health Device 2022"" goes to DAVID BLÁNQUEZ ""For making a personal need become an amazing wearable and innovative project with a social impact"". (Spain)""Best Listed Company in 2022"" goes to ORLANDO TADDEO ""For the relevance given to sustainable technological innovation  an approach that anticipates the future  and projects the company into modernity  proposing itself as a reference point in the Tech sector and aspiring to a role as protagonist in the next years"". (Italy)""Innovative HR Project 2022"" goes to MARCIA ROCHA ""For being the founder of Transempregos  a unique platform to offer jobs and prepare the business world to deal with trans people  because in 2022 prejudice still prevents them from developing and contributing to society"". (Brazil)The NORNS Awards is an initiative of International Awards and Luxury Events. More details and full motivation text at - https://thenornsawards.com/special-awards-2022/Contact:Elisa Mattos+39 3883654413SOURCE The NORNS Awards",neutral,0.19,0.79,0.02,positive,0.79,0.19,0.02,True,English,"['The NORNS Awards', 'Excellence', 'Innovation', 'Gulf Craft Chairman Mohammed Al Shaali', 'MJN CEO David Blánquez', 'Euronext CEO Stéphane Boujnah', 'Mr. STÉPHANE BOUJNAH', 'Most Dynamic Stock Exchange', 'main European market infrastructure', 'reference stock exchange venue', 'AI Wearable Health Device', 'BioNTech Özlem Türeci', 'THE NORNS Special Award', 'Ahmad Imam International Influencer', 'The NORNS Awards', 'Uğur Şahin', 'first mRNA vaccine', 'full motivation text', 'CEO Orlando Taddeo', 'leisure marine industry', 'last forty years', 'Innovative HR Project', 'Best Listed Company', 'sustainable technological innovation', 'Middle East Entrepreneur', 'Special Awards', 'International Awards', 'European companies', 'Mr. Alshaali', 'amazing wearable', 'innovative project', 'reference point', 'recent years', 'maritime industry', 'manufacturing industry', 'next years', 'lasting contribution', 'Maitê Schneider', 'Marcia Rocha', 'Closing date', 'tirelessness research', 'cancer research', 'complex acquisitions', 'remarkable contributions', '40th anniversary', 'sustainable growth', 'key pillar', 'extraordinary work', 'best lives', 'global influence', 'positive impact', 'LGBTQAI+ people', 'business environment', 'personal need', 'social impact', 'Tech sector', 'unique platform', 'trans people', 'Luxury Events', 'More details', 'Elisa Mattos', 'Airtime founder', 'COVID Fighters', 'longstanding vision', 'Inclusion Hero', 'business world', 'SINGAPORE', 'April', 'PRNewswire', 'individuals', 'significant', 'winners', 'founders', 'activist', 'lawyer', 'commitment', 'theme', 'thenornsawards', 'nominations', 'edition', 'advancement', 'development', 'millions', 'Germany', 'creation', 'France', 'UAE', 'professionals', 'Australia', 'Diversity', 'struggles', 'achievements', 'field', 'projects', 'presence', 'Brazil', 'Spain', 'relevance', 'approach', 'future', 'modernity', 'role', 'protagonist', 'Italy', 'Transempregos', 'jobs', 'prejudice', 'society', 'initiative', 'Contact', 'SOURCE', '2022']",2022-04-14,2022-04-15,prnewswire.com
2959,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/2africa-deployment-underway-with-first-landing-in-genoa-italy-301525978.html,2Africa Deployment Underway with First Landing in Genoa  Italy,Highly Anticipated Subsea Cable System Set to Connect 3 Billion People Upon Completion GENOA  Italy  April 14  2022 /PRNewswire/ -- The 2Africa consortium  comprised of China Mobile International  Meta  MTN GlobalConnect  Orange  stc  Telecom Egypt  Vodafone …,"Announced in May 2020  the 2Africa subsea cable system together with its Pearls extension are designed to deliver seamless international connectivity to approximately 3 billion people  representing 36% of the global population and connecting three continents  Africa  Europe and Asia.At 45 000km  it will be the longest subsea cable ever deployed  serving communities that rely on the internet for services from education to healthcare and business  with all experiencing the economic and social benefits that come from this increased connectivity.Vodafone  the 2Africa landing party in Genoa  has partnered with Equinix to land the cable directly into the Equinix Carrier Neutral Data Center (CNDC)  with Retelit delivering the fronthaul. As with all 2Africa cable landings  capacity will be available to service providers in Genoa on a fair and equitable basis  encouraging and supporting the development of a healthy internet ecosystem.Working with a local Italian operator  2Africa has also developed a new terrestrial route connecting the Genoa cable landing station (CLS) directly to major CNDCs in Milan.Good progress on the survey work and manufacturing continues with the 2Africa project remaining on track for completion in 2024.About China Mobile International LimitedChina Mobile International Limited (CMI) is a wholly-owned subsidiary of China Mobile  mainly responsible for the operation of China Mobile's international business. In order to provide better services to meet the growing demand in the international telecommunications market  China Mobile established a subsidiary  CMI  in December 2010. CMI currently has over 70 terrestrial and submarine cable resources worldwide  with a total international transmission bandwidth of over 109T  and a total of 225 PoPs. With Hong Kong  China as its launchpad  CMI has significantly accelerated global IDC development  creating a strong network for data center cloudification.Leveraging the strong support by China Mobile  CMI is a trusted partner that provides comprehensive international information services and solutions to international enterprises  carriers and mobile users. Headquartered in Hong Kong  China  CMI has expanded its footprint in 36 countries and regions. For more information  please visit www.cmi.chinamobile.com   or to connect with us on LinkedIn at: https://www.linkedin.com/company/china-mobile-international-limited .About MetaMeta builds technologies that help people connect  find communities  and grow businesses. When Facebook launched in 2004  it changed the way people connect. Apps like Messenger  Instagram and WhatsApp further empowered billions around the world. Now  Meta is moving beyond 2D screens toward immersive experiences like augmented and virtual reality to help build the next evolution in social technology.About MTN GlobalConnectGlobalConnect is a Pan-African digital wholesale and infrastructure services company  and an operating company in the MTN Group. GlobalConnect manages MTN's international and national major wholesale activities  in addition to offering reliable wholesale and infrastructure solutions for fixed connectivity and wholesale mobility solutions that include international mobile services  Voice  SMS  signalling  roaming and interconnect. The MTN Group launched in 1994 is a leading emerging market operator with a clear vision to lead the delivery of a bold new digital world and is inspired by the belief that everyone deserves the benefits of a modern connected life. Embracing the Ambition 2025 strategy  MTN is anchored on building the largest and most valuable platform business  with a clear focus on Africa. The MTN Group is listed on the JSE Securities Exchange in South Africa under the share code ""MTN"".For more information  please visit www.globalconnect.solutions - https://www.mtn.comAbout OrangeOrange is one of the world's leading telecommunications operators with sales of 42.3 billion euros in 2020 and 140 000 employees worldwide at 31 March 2021  including 80 000 employees in France. The Group has a total customer base of 262 million customers worldwide at 31 March 2021  including 217 million mobile customers and 22 million fixed broadband customers. The Group is present in 26 countries. Orange is also a leading provider of global IT and telecommunication services to multinational companies  under the brand Orange Business Services. In December 2019  the Group presented its new ""Engage 2025"" strategic plan  which  guided by social and environmental accountability  aims to reinvent its operator model. While accelerating in growth areas and placing data and AI at the heart of its innovation model  the Group will be an attractive and responsible employer  adapted to emerging professions.Orange is listed on Euronext Paris (symbol ORA) and on the New York Stock Exchange (symbol ORAN).For more information on the internet and on your mobile: www.orange.com   www.orange-business.com or to follow us on Twitter: @orangegrouppr.About stcWith its headquarter in Riyadh  stc group is the largest in the Middle East and North Africa based on market cap. stc's revenue for 2020 amounted to 58 953million SAR (15 721 million US dollars) and the net profit amounted to 10 995 million SAR (2 932 million US dollars). stc was established in 1998 and currently has customers around the globe. It is ranking among the world's top 50 digital companies and the first in the Middle East and North Africa according to Forbes. It focuses on providing services to enterprise and consumer customers through a fiber-optic network that spans 217 000 kilometers. stc group was among the first in MENA region to launch 5G networks and was considered one of the fastest globally in deploying 5G network as stc already deployed around 4 000 5G towers as end of 2020. stc group has 14 subsidiaries in the Kingdom  gulf and around the world  and its own 100% of stc Bahrain  51.8% stake in stc Kuwait and 25% stake in Binariang GSM Holding in Malaysia which owns 62% of Maxis in Malaysia.In Saudi Arabia (the group's main operation site) stc operates the largest modern mobile network in the Middle East as it covers more than 99% of the country's populated areas in addition to providing 4G mobile broadband to about 90% of the population across the Kingdom of Saudi Arabia. In addition to the above-mentioned  stc is a strong regional player in IoT  managed services  system integration  cloud computing  information security  big data Analytics fintech and artificial intelligence. For more information  please visit https://www.stc.com.sa ; or to follow us on Twitter: @stc   @stc_ksaAbout Telecom EgyptTelecom Egypt is the first total telecom operator in Egypt providing all telecom services to its customers including fixed and mobile voice and data services. Telecom Egypt has a long history serving Egyptian customers for over 160 years maintaining a leadership position in the Egyptian telecom market by offering its enterprise and consumer customers the most advanced technology  reliable infrastructure solutions and the widest network of submarine cables. Aside from its mobile operation ""WE""  the company owns a 45% stake in Vodafone Egypt. Telecom Egypt's shares and GDRs (Ticker: ETEL.CA; TEEG.LN) are traded on The Egyptian Exchange and the London Stock Exchange. Please refer to Telecom Egypt's full financial disclosure on ir.te.egFor more information  contact: The investor relations team  Email: [email protected]About VodafoneUnique in its scale as the largest pan-European and African technology communications company  Vodafone transforms the way we live and work through its innovation  technology  connectivity  platforms  products and services. Vodafone operates mobile and fixed networks in 21 countries  and partners with mobile networks in 47 more. As of 31 December 2021  we had over 300m mobile customers  more than 28m fixed broadband customers and over 22m TV customers.Vodafone is a world leader in the Internet of Things (IoT)  connecting more than 142m devices and platforms through innovation that aligns with the aspirations of society for cleaner and safer cities  better transport and improved agriculture. Vodafone's digital leadership is also changing how governments deliver healthcare and education  and how businesses  particularly Small and Medium Enterprises (SMEs)  serve customers.We have revolutionised fintech in Africa through M-Pesa  which celebrates its 15th anniversary in 2022. It is the region's largest fintech platform  providing access to financial services for more than 51m people in a secure  affordable and convenient way.Our purpose is to connect for a better future  enabling an inclusive and sustainable digital society. We are taking significant steps to reduce our impact on our planet by becoming net zero by 2040  purchasing 100% of our electricity from renewable sources in Europe and across our entire operations by 2025  and reusing  reselling or recycling 100% of our redundant network equipment. Vodafone proactively works to expand access to connectivity for rural communities  students and jobseekers. For more than 30 years  Vodafone's Foundation has supported communities in Europe and Africa in the areas of health  education  and equality.We support diversity and inclusion through our maternity and parental leave policies  empowering women through connectivity and improving access to education and digital skills for women  girls  and society at large. We are respectful of all individuals  irrespective of race  ethnicity  disability  age  sexual orientation  gender identity  belief  culture or religion.For more information  please visit www.vodafone.com   follow us on Twitter at @VodafoneGroup or connect with us on LinkedIn at www.linkedin.com/company/vodafone .About WIOCCWIOCC is building Africa's first  truly hyper-scale network infrastructure. With the ability to efficiently deliver 100Gbps capacity and an extensive investment programme to develop our pan-African solution even further  WIOCC is the natural partner for OTTs  content providers  telecom operators  and ISPs looking to take advantage of Africa's opportunities. The company utilises more than 55 000km of terrestrial fibre and in excess of 75 000km of submarine cable assets to offer affordable  reliable  managed connectivity to over 550 locations across 30 African countries. WIOCC's international reach extends to key commercial centres in Europe  Asia  and North America  providing a one-stop shop for fully-scalable international connectivity into  within  and out of Africa. Operating exclusively as a wholesaler  the company's focus is on putting you  our client  first. Building and maintaining strong  long-term relationships means WIOCC can develop bespoke solutions to meet your current requirements  with the flexibility to match future demands for growth and extra resilience and geographical expansion. You will find that only WIOCC has the depth of experience  local expertise  capacity  flexibility  and scalability to take you where you want to be. For more information  please visit http://wiocc.net/ .About Alcatel Submarine NetworksAlcatel Submarine Networks  part of Nokia  leads the industry in terms of transmission capacity and installed base with more than 650 000 km of optical submarine systems deployed worldwide  enough to circumnavigate the globe 15 times. From traditional Telecom applications to Content and ""Over The Top"" Service Provider infrastructures  as well as to offshore Oil and Gas applications  ASN provides all elements of a turnkey global undersea transmission systems  tailored to individual customer's needs. An extensive Services porLolio completes its comprehensive offering for the submarine business  including project management  installation and commissioning  along with marine and maintenance operations performed by ASN's fully owned fleet of cable ships. For more information  please visit https://web.asn.com/en/ .SOURCE 2Africa",neutral,0.02,0.97,0.01,positive,0.86,0.12,0.02,True,English,"['2Africa Deployment', 'First Landing', 'Genoa', 'Italy', 'Equinix Carrier Neutral Data Center', 'new ""Engage 2025"" strategic plan', 'New York Stock Exchange', 'national major wholesale activities', 'total international transmission bandwidth', 'bold new digital world', '2Africa subsea cable system', '22 million fixed broadband customers', 'Genoa cable landing station', 'leading emerging market operator', 'China Mobile International Limited', 'comprehensive international information services', 'data center cloudification', 'longest subsea cable', 'international telecommunications market', 'Pan-African digital wholesale', 'JSE Securities Exchange', '2Africa landing party', 'local Italian operator', 'submarine cable resources', 'modern connected life', 'leading telecommunications operators', 'new terrestrial route', 'total customer base', '2Africa cable landings', '217 million mobile customers', 'seamless international connectivity', 'valuable platform business', 'wholesale mobility solutions', 'international mobile services', 'healthy internet ecosystem', 'infrastructure services company', 'global IDC development', 'The MTN Group', '262 million customers', 'Orange Business Services', 'fixed connectivity', 'international business', 'major CNDCs', 'international enterprises', 'reliable wholesale', 'leading provider', 'operator model', 'emerging professions', '2Africa project', 'mobile users', 'operating company', 'infrastructure solutions', 'The Group', 'telecommunication services', 'global population', 'increased connectivity', 'global IT', 'Pearls extension', 'three continents', 'service providers', 'equitable basis', 'Good progress', 'survey work', 'growing demand', 'Hong Kong', 'strong network', 'strong support', 'trusted partner', '2D screens', 'immersive experiences', 'virtual reality', 'next evolution', 'clear vision', 'Ambition 2025 strategy', 'clear focus', 'share code', '42.3 billion euros', 'multinational companies', 'environmental accountability', 'growth areas', 'innovation model', 'responsible employer', 'Euronext Paris', 'symbol ORA', 'Middle East', 'social technology', 'owned subsidiary', 'globalconnect.solutions', 'stc group', '3 billion people', 'South Africa', 'MTN GlobalConnect', 'social benefits', '70 terrestrial', 'May', 'Europe', 'Asia', '45,000km', 'communities', 'education', 'healthcare', 'economic', 'Vodafone', 'Retelit', 'fronthaul', 'capacity', 'fair', 'CLS', 'Milan', 'manufacturing', 'track', 'completion', 'CMI', 'operation', 'order', 'December', '109T', '225 PoPs', 'launchpad', 'carriers', 'footprint', '36 countries', 'regions', 'chinamobile', 'LinkedIn', 'Meta', 'technologies', 'businesses', 'Facebook', 'way', 'Apps', 'Messenger', 'Instagram', 'WhatsApp', 'billions', 'augmented', 'addition', 'Voice', 'SMS', 'signalling', 'roaming', 'interconnect', 'delivery', 'belief', 'everyone', 'largest', 'sales', '140,000 employees', '31 March', '80,000 employees', 'France', '26 countries', 'brand', 'heart', 'attractive', 'Twitter', 'orangegrouppr', 'headquarter', 'Riyadh']",2022-04-14,2022-04-15,prnewswire.com
2960,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.straitstimes.com/world/europe/britain-approves-valnevas-easy-to-store-covid-19-shot,Britain approves Valneva's easy-to-store Covid-19 shot,The shot is the sixth coronavirus vaccine to be approved in Britain.. Read more at straitstimes.com.,"LONDON (REUTERS) - Britain approved on Thursday (April 14) Valneva's Covid-19 vaccine  making it the first European country to give a nod to the French firm's coronavirus vaccine shot that is easier to store and involves a process widely used in making flu and polio vaccines.The shot is also the sixth Covid-19 vaccine to be approved in Britain  whose government had in September scrapped a €1.4 billion (S$2 billion) supply deal.Euronext temporarily halted trading in Valneva's shares  that were indicated sharply up. At Wednesday's closing price of €15.255  they are down 37.7 per cent since the start of year after gaining 216 per cent in 2021 and 202 per cent in 2020.""It is also the first  whole-virus inactivated Covid-19 vaccine to gain regulatory approval in the UK "" the British health watchdog said in a statement  adding that the shot met required safety  quality and effectiveness standards.In vaccines such as Valneva's VLA2001  the virus is grown in a lab and then made completely inactive so that it cannot infect cells or replicate in the body but can still trigger an immune response. It is seen by some as having the potential to win over people wary of some shots which use new mRNA technology.Rx Securities managing director Samir Devani said even after the mass roll-out  Valneva's vaccine could still be useful if a new variant arises.""The fact that it is available on hand is good news  although the exact revenue profile beyond the orders already received from the EU and Bahrain remains unclear "" he said.Mr Devani said the approval bodes well for the decision from the European Union's human medicines committee (CHMP)  which is assessing the drug after the European Commission signed an advance deal for up to 60 million doses.Valneva said in March that it expected a positive recommendation by the European Medicines Agency this month and that it had begun manufacturing and has inventory ready for labelling and deployment once it is is approved there.Bahrain granted Valneva's vaccine emergency use authorisation in early March.Earlier this year  analysts at Jefferies estimated four to 5.5 billion Covid-19 vaccine doses will be delivered globally this year  mostly outside the EU and United States  which have received the lion's share of supplies.The temperature at which VLA2001 needs to be stored is similar to that of a domestic refrigerator  making it appropriate in countries where storage at very low temperatures is a challenge.",neutral,0.11,0.88,0.01,mixed,0.13,0.27,0.6,True,English,"['Covid-19 shot', 'Britain', 'Valneva', 'four to 5.5 billion Covid-19 vaccine doses', 'Rx Securities managing director', 'vaccine emergency use authorisation', 'virus inactivated Covid-19 vaccine', 'sixth Covid-19 vaccine', 'British health watchdog', 'exact revenue profile', 'human medicines committee', 'billion) supply deal', 'new mRNA technology', 'European Medicines Agency', 'coronavirus vaccine shot', 'first European country', '60 million doses', 'new variant', 'European Union', 'European Commission', 'advance deal', 'French firm', 'closing price', 'effectiveness standards', 'immune response', 'Samir Devani', 'mass roll', 'good news', 'Mr Devani', 'positive recommendation', 'United States', 'domestic refrigerator', 'low temperatures', 'polio vaccines', 'regulatory approval', 'early March', '€1.4 billion', 'LONDON', 'REUTERS', 'Britain', 'Thursday', 'April', 'Valneva', 'nod', 'process', 'flu', 'government', 'September', 'Euronext', 'trading', 'shares', 'Wednesday', 'start', 'year', 'UK', 'statement', 'safety', 'quality', 'VLA2001', 'lab', 'cells', 'body', 'potential', 'people', 'shots', 'fact', 'hand', 'orders', 'Bahrain', 'decision', 'CHMP', 'drug', 'inventory', 'deployment', 'analysts', 'Jefferies', 'supplies', 'countries', 'storage', 'challenge', '216', '202']",2022-04-14,2022-04-15,straitstimes.com
2961,EuroNext,Google API,https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20220414005540/en/Options-Announce-Hosting-Capabilities-in-Euronext-Aruba-IT3-Bergamo,Options Announce Hosting Capabilities in Euronext Aruba IT3 Bergamo,1 day ago,Options  the leading provider of managed trading infrastructure and connectivity to the global Capital Markets  has announced the successful launch of its new facilities at the Euronext Aruba IT3 datacentre in Bergamo  Italy. (Graphic: Business Wire)LONDON & NEW YORK & HONG KONG--(BUSINESS WIRE)--Options  the leading provider of managed trading infrastructure and connectivity to the global Capital Markets  has announced the successful launch of its new facilities at the Euronext Aruba IT3 datacentre in Bergamo  Italy.The go-live in Euronext Aruba IT3 allows Options’ clients to migrate from the existing Basildon facility into Euronext’s new Bergamo datacentre in a seamless  cost-effective manner  with instant access to high-performance  ultra-low-latency technology and Options’ global connectivity services. In addition to colocating clients in Aruba IT3  Options also facilitate access to this prestigious exchange for clients connecting from other global locations via Options’ high-performance trading network.A key venue in Europe  the Euronext Aruba IT3 datacentre in Bergamo is now available to Options clients via ultra-low-latency layer one or low-latency layer three ports. Options can also facilitate access to these markets outside the IT3 Bergamo datacentre.Options’ SVP of Managed Colocation  Micah Kroeze  said  “We’re excited to be one of the first providers to market for Euronext in Bergamo  providing our clients with trading and operational advantages through every aspect of our services. We have worked closely with Euronext and other partners to ensure our clients experience a seamless transition. We are proud to have our industry-leading ultra-low-latency hosting  data  and connectivity services available immediately for all Euronext trading firms.We provide data from and connectivity to Euronext Equities  Derivatives  Indices  Oslo Bors  and Euronext Dublin through the Bergamo facility  delivered with exceptional performance and resiliency.”Today’s news marks the latest in a string of announcements for Options  including the achievement of VMware Cloud Verified Status in NY5 and LD4  partnership with Code Willing  enabling BIVA in US markets  and the expansion of hosting capabilities across HKEX Equities and Derivatives markets.In 2019  Options received investment from Boston-based Private Equity Firm Abry Partners. This investment has enabled Options to accelerate its growth strategy and develop its technology platform while expanding its global reach in key financial centres.About Options (www.options-it.com):Options Technology is the No. 1 provider of IT infrastructure to global Capital Markets firms  supporting their operations and ecosystems.Founded in 1993  the firm began life as a hedge fund technology services provider. Today  the company provides high-performance managed trading infrastructure and cloud-enabled managed services to over 550 firms globally  providing an agile  scalable platform in an Investment Bank grade Cybersecurity wrapper.Options clients include the leading global investment banks  hedge funds  funds of funds  proprietary trading firms  market makers  broker/dealers  private equity houses  and exchanges. With offices in 8 key cities; New York  Toronto  Chicago  London  Belfast  Hong Kong  Singapore  and New Zealand  Options are well placed to service its customers both on-site and remotely.In 2019  Options secured a significant growth investment from Abry Partners  a Boston-based sector-focused private equity firm. This investment has enabled Options to considerably accelerate its growth strategy to invest further in its technology platform and expand its reach in key financial centres globally.Options has been named among the UK’s leading growth companies in the 2021  2020  2019  2018  and 2017 Sunday Times HSBC International Track 200 league table.For more on Options  please visit www.options-it.com  follow us on Twitter at @Options_IT and visit our LinkedIn page.About Abry Partners (www.abry.com)Abry is one of the most experienced and successful sector-focused private equity investment firms in North America. Since its founding in 1989  the firm has completed over $82 billion of leveraged transactions and other private equity or preferred equity placements. Currently  the firm manages over $5.0 billion of capital across their active funds.,neutral,0.01,0.98,0.01,positive,0.74,0.25,0.01,True,English,"['Euronext Aruba IT3 Bergamo', 'Hosting Capabilities', 'Options', '2017 Sunday Times HSBC International Track 200 league table', 'successful sector-focused private equity investment firms', 'Investment Bank grade Cybersecurity wrapper', 'Boston-based sector-focused private equity firm', 'hedge fund technology services provider', 'VMware Cloud Verified Status', 'Boston-based Private Equity Firm', 'low-latency layer three ports', 'leading global investment banks', 'Euronext Aruba IT3 datacentre', 'global Capital Markets firms', 'Options’ high-performance trading network', 'high-performance managed trading infrastructure', 'private equity houses', 'other private equity', 'preferred equity placements', 'Options’ global connectivity services', 'proprietary trading firms', 'IT3 Bergamo datacentre', 'cloud-enabled managed services', 'high-performance, ultra-low-latency technology', 'other global locations', 'Euronext trading firms', 'existing Basildon facility', 'seamless, cost-effective manner', 'key financial centres', 'significant growth investment', 'agile, scalable platform', 'leading growth companies', 'new Bergamo datacentre', 'leading provider', 'ultra-low-latency layer', 'successful launch', 'technology platform', 'Managed Colocation', 'hedge funds', 'global reach', 'No. 1 provider', 'other partners', 'key venue', 'seamless transition', 'US markets', 'growth strategy', 'IT infrastructure', '8 key cities', 'Euronext Equities', 'Euronext Dublin', 'Options Technology', 'Bergamo facility', 'new facilities', 'NEW YORK', 'New Zealand', 'Business Wire', 'HONG KONG', 'prestigious exchange', 'Micah Kroeze', 'first providers', 'operational advantages', 'Oslo Bors', 'exceptional performance', 'Code Willing', 'hosting capabilities', 'HKEX Equities', 'Derivatives markets', 'market makers', 'LinkedIn page', 'North America', 'leveraged transactions', 'Abry Partners', 'Options’ SVP', 'active funds', '550 firms', 'instant access', 'Options’ clients', 'Options clients', 'Italy', 'Graphic', 'LONDON', 'addition', 'Europe', 'aspect', 'Indices', 'resiliency', 'news', 'string', 'announcements', 'achievement', 'NY5', 'partnership', 'BIVA', 'expansion', 'operations', 'ecosystems', 'life', 'company', 'broker/dealers', 'exchanges', 'offices', 'Toronto', 'Chicago', 'Belfast', 'Singapore', 'customers', 'site', 'UK', 'Twitter', 'experienced', 'founding', '2021']",2022-04-15,2022-04-15,businesswire.com
2962,EuroNext,Google API,https://mondovisione.com/media-and-resources/news/euronext-corporate-services-expands-its-webcast-studio-network-to-london/,Euronext Corporate Services Expands Its Webcast Studio Network To London,1 day ago,1 day ago,neutral,0.02,0.97,0.01,neutral,0.19,0.67,0.14,True,English,"['Euronext Corporate Services', 'Webcast Studio Network', 'London']",2022-04-15,2022-04-15,mondovisione.com
2965,EuroNext,Google API,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/norns-awards-2022-rewards-excellence-182900290.html,The NORNS Awards 2022 Rewards the Excellence and Innovation,1 day ago,"SINGAPORE  April 14  2022 /PRNewswire/ -- Every year  The NORNS Awards honors one or more individuals who have distinguished themselves by making a significant and lasting contribution to the world of innovation.Among the winners  the founders of BioNTech Özlem Türeci and Uğur Şahin  Euronext CEO Stéphane Boujnah  Ahmad Imam International Influencer  Gulf Craft Chairman Mohammed Al Shaali  entrepreneur and activist Maitê Schneider  MJN CEO David Blánquez  Airtime founder and CEO Orlando Taddeo  entrepreneur and lawyer Marcia Rocha.The commitment to innovation is the theme that binds the winners of the ""Special Awards for Innovation"" of The Norns Awards https://thenornsawards.com/ . Closing date for nominations in this edition will be next April 30th.""COVID Fighters 2022"" goes to ÖZLEM TÜRECI & UĞUR ŞAHIN ""for their vision and tirelessness research in the advancement and the development of the first mRNA vaccine against COVID-19  born from cancer research that saved millions of lives all over the world"". (Germany)""Most Dynamic Stock Exchange in the World 2022"" goes to EURONEXT CEO Mr. STÉPHANE BOUJNAH ""For the complex acquisitions made in recent years which have seen the creation of the main European market infrastructure. Euronext is today the reference stock exchange venue for the growth of European companies"". (France)""Middle East Entrepreneur 2022"" goes to MOHAMMED AL SHAALI ""For his longstanding vision and for his remarkable contributions to the world's leisure marine industry in the Middle East over the last forty years. Gulf Craft celebrates its 40th anniversary in 2022  and Mr. Alshaali contributed to create sustainable growth for the maritime industry and led Gulf Craft to become a key pillar of the manufacturing industry"". (UAE)""International Influencer of the Year 2022"" goes to AHMAD IMAM ""For his extraordinary work in inspiring and empowering professionals to live their best lives and for using his global influence to make a positive impact both online and offline"". (Australia)Story continues""Diversity and Inclusion Hero 2022"" goes to MAITÊ SCHNEIDER ""For the struggles and achievements in the field of Diversity and Inclusion  and supporting projects aimed at NON-discriminating the presence of LGBTQAI+ people in the business environment"". (Brazil)""AI Wearable Health Device 2022"" goes to DAVID BLÁNQUEZ ""For making a personal need become an amazing wearable and innovative project with a social impact"". (Spain)""Best Listed Company in 2022"" goes to ORLANDO TADDEO ""For the relevance given to sustainable technological innovation  an approach that anticipates the future  and projects the company into modernity  proposing itself as a reference point in the Tech sector and aspiring to a role as protagonist in the next years"". (Italy)""Innovative HR Project 2022"" goes to MARCIA ROCHA ""For being the founder of Transempregos  a unique platform to offer jobs and prepare the business world to deal with trans people  because in 2022 prejudice still prevents them from developing and contributing to society"". (Brazil)The NORNS Awards is an initiative of International Awards and Luxury Events. More details and full motivation text at - https://thenornsawards.com/special-awards-2022/Contact:Elisa Mattos+39 3883654413CisionView original content to download multimedia:https://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/the-norns-awards-2022-rewards-the-excellence-and-innovation-301526128.htmlSOURCE The NORNS Awards",neutral,0.19,0.79,0.02,positive,0.76,0.21,0.03,True,English,"['The NORNS Awards', 'Excellence', 'Innovation', 'Gulf Craft Chairman Mohammed Al Shaali', 'MJN CEO David Blánquez', 'Euronext CEO Stéphane Boujnah', 'Mr. STÉPHANE BOUJNAH', 'Most Dynamic Stock Exchange', 'main European market infrastructure', 'reference stock exchange venue', 'AI Wearable Health Device', 'BioNTech Özlem Türeci', 'Ahmad Imam International Influencer', 'Uğur Şahin', 'first mRNA vaccine', 'full motivation text', 'CEO Orlando Taddeo', 'The NORNS Awards', 'leisure marine industry', 'last forty years', 'Innovative HR Project', 'Best Listed Company', 'sustainable technological innovation', 'Middle East Entrepreneur', 'International Awards', 'European companies', 'Mr. Alshaali', 'amazing wearable', 'innovative project', 'reference point', 'Special Awards', 'recent years', 'maritime industry', 'manufacturing industry', 'next years', 'lasting contribution', 'Maitê Schneider', 'Marcia Rocha', 'Closing date', 'tirelessness research', 'cancer research', 'complex acquisitions', 'remarkable contributions', '40th anniversary', 'sustainable growth', 'key pillar', 'extraordinary work', 'empowering professionals', 'best lives', 'global influence', 'positive impact', 'LGBTQAI+ people', 'business environment', 'personal need', 'social impact', 'Tech sector', 'unique platform', 'trans people', 'Luxury Events', 'More details', 'Elisa Mattos', 'original content', 'Airtime founder', 'COVID Fighters', 'longstanding vision', 'Inclusion Hero', 'business world', 'SINGAPORE', 'April', 'PRNewswire', 'individuals', 'significant', 'winners', 'founders', 'activist', 'lawyer', 'commitment', 'theme', 'thenornsawards', 'nominations', 'edition', 'advancement', 'development', 'millions', 'Germany', 'creation', 'France', 'UAE', 'Australia', 'Story', 'Diversity', 'struggles', 'achievements', 'field', 'projects', 'presence', 'Brazil', 'Spain', 'relevance', 'approach', 'future', 'modernity', 'role', 'protagonist', 'Italy', 'Transempregos', 'jobs', 'prejudice', 'society', 'initiative', 'Contact', 'Cision', 'multimedia', 'news-releases', 'rewards', 'excellence', 'SOURCE', '2022']",2022-04-15,2022-04-15,finance.yahoo.com
2975,EuroNext,Twitter API,Twitter,Options Announce Hosting Capabilities in Euronext Aruba IT3 Bergamo - The Bakersfield Californian… https://t.co/Pml4y45aLu,nan,Options Announce Hosting Capabilities in Euronext Aruba IT3 Bergamo - The Bakersfield Californian… https://t.co/Pml4y45aLu,neutral,0.03,0.95,0.01,neutral,0.03,0.95,0.01,True,English,"['Euronext Aruba IT3 Bergamo', 'The Bakersfield Californian', 'Hosting Capabilities', 'Options', 'Pml4y45aLu', 'Euronext Aruba IT3 Bergamo', 'The Bakersfield Californian', 'Hosting Capabilities', 'Options', 'Pml4y45aLu']",2022-04-14,2022-04-15,Unknown
2976,EuroNext,Twitter API,Twitter,Obtain Euronext Rates With An API https://t.co/kUHyypj3B4,nan,Obtain Euronext Rates With An API https://t.co/kUHyypj3B4,neutral,0.01,0.98,0.01,neutral,0.01,0.98,0.01,True,English,"['Euronext Rates', 'API', 'kUHyypj3B4', 'Euronext Rates', 'API', 'kUHyypj3B4']",2022-04-14,2022-04-15,Unknown
2977,EuroNext,Twitter API,Twitter,@BoursePadawan @Hergastul @euronext_fr 28h meme,nan,@BoursePadawan @Hergastul @euronext_fr 28h meme,neutral,0.03,0.94,0.03,neutral,0.03,0.94,0.03,True,English,"['BoursePadawan', 'Hergastul', 'BoursePadawan', 'Hergastul']",2022-04-14,2022-04-15,Unknown
2978,EuroNext,Twitter API,Twitter,Acquisition Action #SIDETRADE12 avril 2022Euronext Growth Parisolivier novasque  PRESIDENTAcquisitionAction1… https://t.co/fkds87Uye3,nan,Acquisition Action #SIDETRADE12 avril 2022Euronext Growth Parisolivier novasque  PRESIDENTAcquisitionAction1… https://t.co/fkds87Uye3,neutral,0.02,0.96,0.02,neutral,0.02,0.96,0.02,True,English,"['Euronext Growth Paris olivier novasque', 'Acquisition Action', 'SIDETRADE', '12 avril', 'PRESIDENT', 'fkds87Uye3', 'Euronext Growth Paris olivier novasque', 'Acquisition Action', 'SIDETRADE', '12 avril', 'PRESIDENT', 'fkds87Uye3']",2022-04-14,2022-04-15,Unknown
2986,Euroclear,NewsApi.org,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/shares-issued-marimekko-share-issue-061500926.html,The shares issued in Marimekko’s share issue without payment entered in the trade register,Marimekko Corporation  Stock Exchange Release 14 April 2022 at 9.15 a.m. The shares issued in Marimekko’s share issue without payment entered in the trade...,Marimekko OyjMarimekko Corporation  Stock Exchange Release 14 April 2022 at 9.15 a.m.The shares issued in Marimekko’s share issue without payment entered in the trade registerA total of 32 519 336 new shares issued in the share issue without payment (so called split) decided upon in Marimekko Corporation’s Annual General Meeting on 12 April 2022 have today been entered in the trade register. The objective of the share issue without payment is to enhance the liquidity of the company’s share. In the share issue without payment  new shares are issued to the shareholders without payment in proportion to their holdings so that four (4) new shares are issued for each share to shareholders who on the record date for the share issuance  i.e. 14 April 2022  were entered into the company’s shareholder register maintained by Euroclear Finland Ltd. In addition  in the share issue without payment  new shares are similarly issued without payment to the company on the basis of treasury shares held by the company on the same date. The total number of Marimekko Corporation’s shares after the share issue without payment is 40 649 170 and the number of shares held by the company totals 27 790.The new shares generate shareholder rights as of 14 April 2022. The share issue without payment will be executed in the book-entry system and does not require any actions by the shareholders. The registration of the new shares on the shareholders’ book-entry accounts  as well as initiation of public trading on Nasdaq Helsinki  are expected to occur on 19 April 2022.The new shares issued in the share issue without payment do not entitle their holders to the dividend as decided by the AGM of Marimekko on 12 April 2022.All shares of Marimekko Corporation will thereafter give equal shareholder rights  and Marimekko Corporation’s ISIN code (FI0009007660) and trading symbol (MEKKO) will remain unchanged also after the share issue without payment.MARIMEKKO CORPORATIONCorporate CommunicationsStory continuesAnna TuominenTel. +358 40 5846944anna.tuominen@marimekko.comDISTRIBUTION:Nasdaq Helsinki LtdKey mediaMarimekko is a Finnish lifestyle design company renowned for its original prints and colors. The company’s product portfolio includes high-quality clothing  bags and accessories as well as home décor items ranging from textiles to tableware. When Marimekko was founded in 1951  its unparalleled printed fabrics gave it a strong and unique identity. In 2021  the company’s net sales were EUR 152 million and brand sales of the products worldwide amounted to EUR 376 million. Globally  there are roughly 150 Marimekko stores  and online store serves customers in 35 countries. The key markets are Northern Europe  the Asia-Pacific region and North America. The Group employs about 410 people. The company’s share is quoted on Nasdaq Helsinki Ltd. www.marimekko.com,neutral,0.01,0.88,0.11,mixed,0.29,0.41,0.3,True,English,"['share issue', 'trade register', 'shares', 'Marimekko', 'payment', 'home décor items', 'Finnish lifestyle design company', 'Stock Exchange Release', 'Annual General Meeting', 'Euroclear Finland Ltd.', 'unparalleled printed fabrics', 'Nasdaq Helsinki Ltd', 'equal shareholder rights', 'shareholders’ book-entry accounts', 'four (4) new shares', 'book-entry system', 'shareholder register', 'trade register', 'record date', 'same date', 'public trading', 'ISIN code', 'trading symbol', 'Corporate Communications', 'Key media', 'original prints', 'product portfolio', 'high-quality clothing', 'unique identity', 'net sales', 'brand sales', 'online store', 'key markets', 'Northern Europe', 'Asia-Pacific region', 'North America', 'The Group', '32,519,336 new shares', 'share issue', 'share issuance', 'treasury shares', 'Marimekko Oyj', 'Marimekko Corporation', '150 Marimekko stores', 'total number', 'Anna Tuominen', '9.15 a', 'payment', '12 April', 'objective', 'liquidity', 'proportion', 'holdings', 'addition', 'basis', '14 April', 'actions', 'registration', 'initiation', '19 April', 'dividend', 'AGM', 'Story', 'Tel.', 'DISTRIBUTION', 'colors', 'bags', 'accessories', 'textiles', 'tableware', 'strong', 'products', 'customers', '35 countries', '410 people']",2022-04-14,2022-04-15,finance.yahoo.com
2987,Euroclear,Google API,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/notice-annual-general-meeting-070000885.html,Notice of Annual General Meeting,1 day ago,"Nibe Industrier ABNIBE Industrier AB (publ)NOTICE OF ANNUAL GENERAL MEETINGThe shareholders of NIBE Industrier AB (publ) are hereby invited to attend the Annual General Meeting on Tuesday 17 May 2022  at 5.00 p.m. in Sparbankshallen  Ola Mårtens väg 8  Markaryd. Between 13.00 and 16.00 p.m. the shareholders are welcome to visit NIBE Stove’s product exhibition at Skulptörvägen 10 and NIBE Energy Systems’ product exhibition as well as Vetenskapshuset at Hannabadsvägen 1 in Markaryd.Right to participateShareholders who wish to participate in the Annual General Meeting;shall be recorded in their own name in the printout of the share register made by Euroclear Sweden AB (""Euroclear"") on Monday 9 May 2022 and shall notify the company of their intention to attend the Annual General Meeting no later than Wednesday 11 May 2022.Shareholders whose shares are registered in the name of nominees must – in addition to their notification to attend the meeting – re-register such shares in their own name at Euroclear. Such registration can be temporary and must be effected no later than Wednesday 11 May 2022. Shareholders must inform their nominees and request re-registration of the shares well in advance of the aforementioned date.The Annual General Meeting will be held in Swedish.NotificationNotification of attendance at the Annual General Meeting can be made in writing to the following address: NIBE Industrier AB  Årsstämma  c/o Euroclear Sweden  Box 191  101 23 Stockholm  by phone +46 433 27 36 00 or by www.nibe.com .When submitting notification of attendance please state name  personal identity number/corporate identity number  address and telephone number  number of shares and class of shares as well as number of advisors.Shareholders represented by proxy should send a written and dated proxy together with the notification of attendance. The proxy may at the time of the meeting not be older than one year if a longer period of validity is not stated in the proxy  however not longer than five years from the date of issue of the proxy. A proxy form for this purpose is provided by www.nibe.com . The proxy form can also be ordered by phone as described above. If requested  the proxy shall be presented in original. Representatives of a legal entity shall present a certificate of registration or a corresponding document of qualification showing the person(s) authorized to sign for the legal entity. As a confirmation of the notification of attendance NIBE Industrier AB will send an admission card which shall be brought to the meeting and shown at the recording.Story continuesProposed agenda1. Opening of the meeting.2. Election of chairman at the meeting.3. Preparation and approval of a voting list.4. Approval of the board of directors’ proposed agenda.5. Election of one or two persons to verify the minutes.6. Examination if the meeting has been properly convened.7. The managing director’s statement.8. Presentation of the annual report and the auditor’s report  the group financial statement and the group auditor’s report as well as the auditor’s statement concerning the application of the guiding principles for remuneration to senior executives decided at the Annual General Meeting 2021.9. Resolution in respect ofa) adoption of the income statement and the balance sheet as well as the consolidated income statement and the consolidated balance sheet b) allocation of the company’s profit according to the adopted balance sheet c) discharge from liability of the board members and the managing director.10. Determination of the number of board members and deputy board members to be elected by the meeting.11. Determination of the number of auditors and deputy auditors or registered public accounting firms.12. Determination of fees to the board members and the auditors.13. Election of board members  chairman of the board and deputy board members  if any.14. Election of auditors and deputy auditors  if any  or registered public accounting firms.15. Resolution regarding approval of the board of directors’ remuneration report.16. Resolution in respect of the board of directors’ proposal to authorize the board of directors to decide on issue of new shares in connection with acquisitions of companies/business.17.nResolution in respect of guiding principles for remuneration and other terms of employment for senior executives.18. Closing of the meeting.Proposed decisionsThe class A-shareholders of the company  together representing more than 60% of the votes in the company  hereby give proposals for decision in accordance with items 2  10  11  12  13 and 14 below. The board of directors  on its part  hereby gives proposals for decision in accordance with items 9  15  16 and 17 below.2 Proposal for election of chairman at the Annual General MeetingIt is proposed that Hans Linnarson shall be chairman at the Annual General Meeting.9 DividendThe board of directors proposes to the Annual General Meeting to distribute to the shareholders 0.50 SEK per share for the financial year 2021. Thursday 19 May 2022 is proposed as record date for the dividend. If the Annual General Meeting decides in accordance with the proposal  it is estimated that the dividend will be distributed by Euroclear on Tuesday 24 May 2022.10 Proposal for number of board members and deputy board membersIt is proposed that 7 ordinary board members  without deputies  shall be elected.11 Proposal for number of auditors and deputy auditors or registered public accounting firmsIt is proposed that a registered public accounting firm is appointed.12 Proposal for fees to the board members and the auditorsIt is proposed that fees to the board of directors shall be paid with a total amount of 3 360 000 SEK  of which 960 000 SEK to the chairman of the board and 480 000 SEK to each one of the other board members elected by the general meeting  who are not employed in the group.It is proposed that fees to the auditors shall be paid in accordance with approved invoices.13 Proposal for election of board members and chairman of the boardIt is proposed that the board members Georg Brunstam  Jenny Larsson  Gerteric Lindquist  Hans Linnarson and Anders Pålsson are re-elected as board members and that Eva Karlsson and Eva Thunholm are newly elected. It is proposed that Hans Linnarson is re-elected as chairman of the board. Jenny Sjödahl  who has been a board member since 2018  has declined re-election at the Annual General Meeting.Eva Karlsson is born in 1966 and has a degree in Engineering. Eva Karlsson has substantial industrial experience from different positions within several international groups  i.a. the security line of business. Since 2018 Eva Karlsson is EVP Operations in the Dometic Group.Eva Thunholm is born in 1967 and has a degree in Engineering specialized within chemistry. Eva Thunholm has great experience of international business and substantial industrial experience  i.a. within the ventilation industry. Since 2020 Eva Thunholm is VP  Business Unit Insulation within Ahlstrom-Munksjö Group.14 Proposal for election of auditors and deputy auditors  if any  or registered public accounting firmsFor the period up to the end of the Annual General Meeting 2023 it is proposed that KPMG AB is elected as registered public accounting firm. KPMG has announced that if the Annual General Meeting is voting in accordance with the proposal  KPMG will appoint authorized public accountant Jonas Nihlberg as auditor in charge.15 Approval of the remuneration reportThe guidelines regarding remuneration to senior executives and the group management were decided at the Annual General Meeting 2021. The board of directors has prepared a remuneration report for remuneration paid and due that is covered by the company’s remuneration guidelines according to the Swedish Companies Act and the Swedish Corporate Governance Board's remuneration rules.The board of directors proposes that the Annual General Meeting resolves to approve the remuneration report.16 The board of directors’ proposal to authorize the board of directors to decide on an issue of new shares in connection with acquisitions of companies/businessThe board of directors of NIBE Industrier AB (publ) proposes that the Annual General Meeting decides to authorize the board of directors to decide  on one or several occasions during the time up to the next Annual General Meeting  with or without deviation from the shareholders’ preferential rights  on issue of new shares of class B in the company. The authorization shall also include right to decide on issue of shares with provision stating payment with non-cash consideration  that shares may be subscribed for with right of set-off or otherwise with conditions referred to in Chapter 13 Section 5 first paragraph 6 of the Swedish Companies Act. Share issue may only be decided if it concerns financing of acquisition of companies  part of a company or businesses. The authorization does not include a right for the board of directors to decide on cash issues with deviation from the shareholders’ preferential right. The authorization shall be limited to a total issue of shares corresponding to a maximum of 10% of the total number of outstanding shares at the time of the Annual General Meeting.Further  the board of directors proposes that the Annual General Meeting decides that the managing director  or anyone authorized by the managing director  shall have the right to make such minor adjustments of the meeting’s decision that may be necessary in connection with the registration with the Swedish Companies Registration Office and Euroclear respectively or due to other formal demands.For a valid decision of the meeting in accordance with the board of directors’ proposal as above it is required that the decision is supported by shareholders representing at least two thirds of votes cast as well as of the shares represented at the meeting.17 The board of directors’ proposal for guiding principles concerning remuneration and other terms of employment for senior executivesThe board of directors of NIBE Industrier AB (publ) proposes that the Annual General Meeting decides to adopt the following guiding principles.Subject and field of application of the guidelinesThese guidelines shall apply to the corporate group of NIBE’s senior executives  which consist of the managing director/CEO  financial director/CFO and the three business area managers. These guidelines shall also apply regarding remuneration (for example consultant’s fee)  if any  for work carried out by a board member  in addition to the board assignment  for the corporate group of NIBE or one of its group companies. Unless otherwise stated below  the guidelines do not apply to the board member remuneration  which are determined by the Annual General Meeting.The guidelines shall promote the business strategy  long-term interests and sustainability of the companyIn short  NIBE’s business strategy is to provide world-class sustainable energy solutions. For more information regarding the company’s business strategy  visit www.nibe.com. A successful implementation of the company’s business strategy and the procurement of NIBE’s long-term interests  including its sustainability  rely on NIBE’s ability to attract and retain a management that is highly qualified and with the capacity to reach stated goals. Thus  it is a prerequisite that the company can offer remuneration terms that are competitive. These guidelines enable NIBE to offer remuneration to senior executives on market terms and to be competitive in order to attract and retain personnel.Types of remunerationRemuneration may be paid as fixed salary  variable salary  pension and other benefits such as car benefit.Board fees shall not be paid to senior executives  who are employed in the group.All senior executives  who have not reached the age of 65  shall have retirement benefits corresponding to the defined benefit ITP-plan (supplementary pensions for salaried employees) (SW: ITP-planen)  section 2  for salary parts up to 30 income base amounts (SW: inkomstbasbelopp). For salary parts exceeding 30 income base amounts  a premium with a fixed percentage of 30% shall be paid  in accordance with the same principles as in the ITP-plan with fixed premium  section 1. The retirement premiums may  in total  amount to a maximum of 35% of the total remuneration. Senior executives  who have reached the age of 65  are not entitled to retirement benefits.Other benefits  i.a. medical insurance  life insurance and car benefit  may  in total  amount to a maximum of 5% of the total remuneration.Criteria for payment of variable remunerationSenior executives shall as incentive be able to obtain a variable salary part  which is paid if the goals that have been set are met. These goals are set by the board of directors and shall be measurable and predetermined  e.g. percentage growth  operating margin and working capital reduction. The goals are set for one financial year at a time. By rewarding clear and measurable performance linked to the company’s financial and operational development  the goals set shall promote to motivate the senior executives to achieve the company’s goals regarding business strategies  long-term interests and sustainability.The variable salary part shall be limited to four monthly salaries. In addition thereto  an extra monthly salary may be paid as remuneration  provided that the senior executive uses this extra remuneration and an additional monthly salary of his/her variable remuneration for acquisition of NIBE-shares. A condition for the extra remuneration is that the senior executive keeps the annually acquired NIBE-shares for at least three years. If the condition is not met  the company is entitled to recover this part of the remuneration. The purpose of the extra remuneration for acquisition of NIBE-shares is to increase the senior executives’ long-term interests in the company and hence promote the company’s business strategy  long-term interests and sustainability. Normally  the senior executives’ acquisition of NIBE-shares will be made once a year in February/March  with regard to applicable market abuse legislation. The managing director shall not be included in any incentive program.Termination of employmentSenior executives shall be employed for an indefinite or fixed term.Upon termination by the company  the term of notice for the managing director shall be six months. The managing director shall be entitled to severance payment corresponding to twelve monthly salaries.Other senior executives shall receive salary during the term of notice  which varies between 6-12 months.There shall be no special agreement stating that senior executives may terminate their employment before they have reached retirement age and until then receive a certain part of their salary.Consideration of salary and terms of employment when preparing the guidelinesWhen preparing the board of directors’ proposal for these guidelines  the average salary and terms of employment of the employees at the Swedish companies within the NIBE group have been taken into account. This has been achieved by obtaining information regarding the employees’ average salary and terms of employment as well as rate of increase of remuneration over time during the employment at NIBE. A very important additional factor has been the group’s growth  with regard to the turnover as well as the result. Moreover  comparison has been made with other Swedish listed companies of the same size. This information has been part of the board of directors’ decision-making documentation in order to evaluate the reasonableness of the guidelines.Fees for consultancy services performed by board membersThe company’s board members elected by the Annual General Meeting may in special cases be remunerated for consultancy services within their respective fields of competence  which do not constitute the board assignment  for a limited time. For these services  remuneration shall be offered on market terms.How these guidelines have been preparedThese guidelines have been prepared by the board of directors. The managing director and the other senior executives have not participated in the board of directors’ preparations and decisions regarding these guidelines.The guidelines are subject to annual review through personal contact by the chairman of the board with the major shareholders.Deviation from these guidelinesThe board of directors may deviate from the guidelines as regards pension  bonus and other benefits if there are particular grounds for a deviation in a special case and if it is necessary in order to meet the company’s long-term interests and sustainability or to ensure the company’s financial viability.The presence of significant changesThe proposal for guidelines is in line with the guidelines approved at the Annual General Meeting in 2021. The annual review of the guidelines has not resulted in any significant changes.Documents availableThe annual report and the auditor’s report  complete proposals for decision concerning items 16 and 17  the auditor’s statement according to Chapter 8 Section 54 of the Swedish Companies Act and other documents will be kept available for the shareholders at the company’s premises in Markaryd and on the company’s web site  www.nibe.com  at the latest from 26 April 2022 and will be sent to shareholders requesting it and stating their address.Right to informationThe shareholders have the right to request information at the Annual General Meeting concerning conditions that may have an effect on the assessment of an item on the agenda and conditions that may have an effect on the assessment of the company’s financial situation.Shares and votesAt the time of execution of this notice the total number of shares in the company amounts to 2 016 066 488  of which 233 130 360 shares of class A and 1 782 936 128 shares of class B. The total number of votes in the company amounts to 4 114 239 728.Processing of personal dataFor information on how your personal data is processed  see:https://www.euroclear.com/dam/ESwithLegal/Privacy-notice-bolagsstammor-engelska.pdfMarkaryd in April 2022NIBE Industrier AB (publ)The Board of DirectorsFor more information: Gerteric Lindquist  CEO and Hans Backman  CFO; +46 (0) 433-27 30 00This press release contains information that NIBE Industrier AB (publ) is obliged to make public pursuant to Nasdaq Stockholm´s Rule book for Issuers. This information was submitted by the contact persons above for publication on 14 April 2022 at 09.00 CET.NIBE Group – a global group with companies and a presence worldwideNIBE Group is a global organisation that contributes to a lower carbon footprint and better utilisation of energy. In our three business areas – Climate Solutions  Element and Stoves – we develop  manufacture and marketa wide range of environmentally-friendly  energy-efficient solutions for indoor climate comfort in all types of properties  plus components and solutions for intelligent heating and control in industry and infrastructure.Since its beginnings in the town of Markaryd in the province of Småland 70 years ago  NIBE has grown into an international company with an average of 20 400 (18 700) employees and a global presence. From the very start  the company has been driven by a strong culture of entrepreneurship and a passion for corporate social responsibility. Its success factors are long-term investments in sustainable product development and strategic acquisitions. Combined  these factors have brought about strong  targeted growth  which generated sales of just over SEK 30 billion (SEK 27 billion) in 2021.NIBE has been listed under the name NIBE Industrier AB on the Nasdaq Nordic Large Cap list since 1997  with a secondary listing on the SIX Swiss Exchange since 2011.Attachment",neutral,0.04,0.89,0.07,mixed,0.3,0.37,0.34,True,English,"['Annual General Meeting', 'Notice', 'Ola Mårtens väg', 'NIBE Energy Systems’ product exhibition', 'registered public accounting firms', 'The Annual General Meeting', 'Nibe Industrier AB', 'Skulptörvägen', 'personal identity number', 'corporate identity number', 'consolidated balance sheet', 'consolidated income statement', 'group financial statement', 'deputy board members', 'NIBE Stove', 'Hannabadsvägen', 'annual report', 'financial y', 'Tuesday 17 May', 'Monday 9 May', 'Wednesday 11 May', 'Årsstämma', 'longer period', 'legal entity', 'corresponding document', 'admission card', 'voting list', 'two persons', 'managing director', 'guiding principles', 'senior executives', 'other terms', 'Hans Linnarson', 'deputy auditors', 'group auditor', 'telephone number', 'Euroclear Sweden', 'share register', 'following address', 'one year', 'class A-shareholders', 'Such registration', 'state name', 'proxy form', 'new shares', 'remuneration report', 'NOTICE', 'Sparbankshallen', 'Markaryd', 'Vetenskapshuset', 'Right', 'printout', 'company', 'intention', 'nominees', 'addition', 'notification', 'advance', 'Swedish', 'attendance', 'writing', 'Box', 'Stockholm', 'advisors', 'written', 'time', 'validity', 'five', 'issue', 'purpose', 'original', 'Representatives', 'certificate', 'qualification', 'confirmation', 'recording', 'Story', 'agenda', 'Opening', 'Election', 'chairman', 'Preparation', 'approval', 'directors', 'minutes', 'Examination', 'Presentation', 'application', 'Resolution', 'respect', 'adoption', 'allocation', 'profit', 'discharge', 'liability', 'Determination', 'fees', 'proposal', 'connection', 'acquisitions', 'companies/business', 'employment', 'Closing', 'decisions', 'votes', 'accordance', 'items', 'part', '9 Dividend', '0.50 SEK', '5.00', '13.00', '16.00']",2022-04-15,2022-04-15,finance.yahoo.com
2988,Euroclear,Google API,https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20220414005513/en/NOXXON-Announces-Convocation-of-an-Extraordinary-General-Meeting-of-Shareholders,NOXXON Announces Convocation of an Extraordinary General Meeting of Shareholders,1 day ago,BERLIN--(BUSINESS WIRE)--Regulatory News:NOXXON Pharma N.V. (Euronext Growth Paris: ALNOX) (Paris:ALNOX)  a biotechnology company focused on improving cancer treatments by targeting the tumor microenvironment (TME)  announced today that an extraordinary general meeting of shareholders (the EGM) of the company is convened at 01.30 p.m. CEST on May 16  2022  at the offices of Freshfields Bruckhaus Deringer LLP  Strawinskylaan 10  1077 XZ in Amsterdam  the Netherlands.This EGM is convened to ask for approval to partially amend the Articles of Association and the delegation of authority to cancel up to the maximum number of shares held by the company in its own share capital in relation to the proposed consolidation of shares.Bryan Jennings  CFO of NOXXON  commented: “We are pursuing a share consolidation to enhance liquidity in our shares  reduce volatility in the share price and position NOXXON to access all funding markets in the future. We continue to evaluate the various global exchanges as potential hosts for our shares in an effort to appeal to the highest quality investors globally.”The EGM documentation  i.e.  the convocation  the agenda and the explanatory notes to the agenda items 2 and 3  the instructions and documents for participation and voting at the EGM are available on the company’s website (www.noxxon.com). These documents are also available at the company's offices at Max-Dohrn-Strasse 8-10  10589 Berlin  Germany  for shareholders and persons entitled to attend the meeting who  upon request  will receive a copy free of charge.Under Dutch law and the company’s Articles of Association  persons entitled to attend and to vote at the EGM are shareholders of the company (which for the purposes of this notice includes holders of a Dutch law right of usufruct) who (i) were registered as shareholder in one of administration records of the intermediaries that are (indirectly) participants in Euroclear France on April 18  2022 (the Registration Date) after all debit and credit entries have been handled as per the Registration Date and (ii) have notified the company by 05.00 p.m. CEST on May 09  2022  of their attendance in writing or electronically (contact details are available on the company’s website).About NOXXONNOXXON’s oncology-focused pipeline acts on the tumor microenvironment (TME) and the cancer immunity cycle by breaking the tumor protection barrier and blocking tumor repair. By neutralizing chemokines in the TME  NOXXON’s approach works in combination with other forms of treatment to weaken tumor defenses against the immune system and enable greater therapeutic impact. NOXXON’s lead program NOX-A12 has delivered final top-line data from a Keytruda® combination trial in metastatic colorectal and pancreatic cancer patients published at the ESMO conference in September 2020 and in July 2021 the company announced its Phase 2 study  OPTIMUS  to further evaluate safety and efficacy of NOX-A12 in combination with Merck’s Keytruda® and two different chemotherapy regimens as second-line therapy in patients with metastatic pancreatic cancer. NOXXON is also studying NOX-A12 in brain cancer in combination with radiotherapy which has been granted orphan drug status in the US and EU for the treatment of certain brain cancers. GLORIA  a trial of NOX-A12 in combination with radiotherapy in newly diagnosed brain cancer patients who will not benefit clinically from standard chemotherapy has delivered top-line data from all three dose-escalation cohorts showing consistent tumor reductions and objective tumor responses. Additionally  GLORIA has been expanded to assess the benefit of NOX-A12 with other treatment combinations  radiotherapy + bevacizumab and radiotherapy + pembrolizumab. The company’s second clinical-stage asset NOX-E36 is a Phase 2 TME asset targeting the innate immune system. NOXXON plans to test NOX‑E36 in patients with solid tumors. Further information can be found at: www.noxxon.com.Keytruda® is a registered trademark of Merck Sharp & Dohme Corp.Visit NOXXON on LinkedIn and Twitter.About the GLORIA StudyGLORIA (NCT04121455) is NOXXON’s dose-escalation  phase 1/2 study of NOX-A12 in combination with irradiation in first-line partially resected or unresected glioblastoma (brain cancer) patients with unmethylated MGMT promoter (resistant to standard chemotherapy). GLORIA further evaluates safety and efficacy of NOX-A12 three additional arms combining NOX-A12 with: A. radiotherapy in patients with complete tumor resection; B. radiotherapy and bevacizumab in patients with incomplete tumor resection; and C. radiotherapy and pembrolizumab in patients with incomplete tumor resection.About the OPTIMUS StudyOPTIMUS (NCT04901741) is NOXXON’s open-label two-arm phase 2 study of NOX-A12 combined with pembrolizumab and nanoliposomal irinotecan/5-FU/leucovorin or gemcitabine/nab-paclitaxel in microsatellite-stable metastatic pancreatic cancer patients.DisclaimerTranslations of any press release into languages other than English are intended solely as a convenience to the non-English-reading audience. The company has attempted to provide an accurate translation of the original text in English  but due to the nuances in translating into another language  slight differences may exist. Certain statements in this communication contain formulations or terms referring to the future or future developments  as well as negations of such formulations or terms  or similar terminology. These are described as forward-looking statements. In addition  all information in this communication regarding planned or future results of business segments  financial indicators  developments of the financial situation or other financial or statistical data contains such forward-looking statements. The company cautions prospective investors not to rely on such forward-looking statements as certain prognoses of actual future events and developments. The company is neither responsible nor liable for updating such information  which only represents the state of affairs on the day of publication.,neutral,0.04,0.93,0.04,positive,0.54,0.43,0.03,True,English,"['Extraordinary General Meeting', 'NOXXON', 'Convocation', 'Shareholders', 'microsatellite-stable metastatic pancreatic cancer patients', 'Freshfields Bruckhaus Deringer LLP', 'two different chemotherapy regimens', 'open-label two-arm phase 2 study', 'NOXXON Pharma N.V.', 'various global exchanges', 'highest quality investors', 'greater therapeutic impact', 'orphan drug status', 'second clinical-stage asset', 'unmethylated MGMT promoter', 'three additional arms', 'cancer immunity cycle', 'tumor protection barrier', 'consistent tumor reductions', 'objective tumor responses', 'complete tumor resection', 'phase 1/2 study', 'Euronext Growth Paris', 'extraordinary general meeting', 'Dutch law right', 'final top-line data', 'three dose-escalation cohorts', 'innate immune system', 'The EGM documentation', 'other treatment combinations', 'brain cancer patients', 'metastatic colorectal', 'Keytruda® combination trial', 'cancer treatments', 'standard chemotherapy', 'tumor microenvironment', 'tumor repair', 'tumor defenses', 'other forms', 'brain cancers', 'BUSINESS WIRE', 'Regulatory News', 'maximum number', 'share capital', 'Bryan Jennings', 'share price', 'funding markets', 'potential hosts', 'explanatory notes', 'administration records', 'Euroclear France', 'Registration Date', 'credit entries', 'contact details', 'oncology-focused pipeline', 'lead program', 'ESMO conference', 'second-line therapy', 'Phase 2 TME', 'NOX‑E36', 'solid tumors', 'Further information', 'registered trademark', 'Dohme Corp', 'nanoliposomal irinotecan/5-FU/leucovorin', 'press release', 'English-reading aud', 'OPTIMUS Study', 'GLORIA Study', 'share consolidation', 'agenda items', 'Merck Sharp', 'A. radiotherapy', 'B. radiotherapy', 'C. radiotherapy', 'biotechnology company', 'BERLIN', 'ALNOX', 'shareholders', 'CEST', 'May', 'offices', 'Strawinskylaan', '1077 XZ', 'Amsterdam', 'Netherlands', 'approval', 'Articles', 'Association', 'delegation', 'authority', 'shares', 'relation', 'CFO', 'liquidity', 'volatility', 'future', 'effort', 'convocation', 'instructions', 'documents', 'participation', 'voting', 'website', 'Max-Dohrn-Strasse', 'Germany', 'persons', 'request', 'copy', 'free', 'charge', 'purposes', 'notice', 'usufruct', 'intermediaries', 'participants', 'April', 'debit', 'attendance', 'chemokines', 'approach', 'NOX-A12', 'September', 'July', 'safety', 'efficacy', 'benefit', 'bevacizumab', 'pembrolizumab', 'NOX-E36', 'LinkedIn', 'Twitter', 'irradiation', 'first-line', 'glioblastoma', 'gemcitabine', 'nab-paclitaxel', 'Disclaimer', 'Translations', 'languages', 'convenience', '01.30', '05.00']",2022-04-15,2022-04-15,businesswire.com
2989,Euroclear,Google API,https://www.streetinsider.com/SEC+Filings/Form+424B2+TORONTO+DOMINION+BANK/19917036.html,Form 424B2 TORONTO DOMINION BANK,1 day ago,Filed Pursuant to Rule 424(b)(2)Registration Statement No. 333-262557Pricing Supplement dated April 13  2022 to theProspectus Supplement dated March 4  2022 andProspectus Dated March 4  2022The Toronto-Dominion Bank $15 001 000 Callable Fixed Rate Notes Due July 18  2023The Toronto-Dominion Bank (“TD” or “we”) has offered the Callable Fixed Rate Notes due July 18  2023 (the “ Notes ”) described below.CUSIP / ISIN: 89114VBK2 / US89114VBK26The Notes will accrue interest at a fixed rate of 2.25% per annum from and including the Issue Date to but excluding the Maturity Date.TD will pay interest on the Notes quarterly on the 18th calendar day of each January  April  July and October (each an “Interest Payment Date”)  commencing on July 18  2022  and ending on the Maturity Date or Optional Redemption Date (if applicable).TD may  at its option  elect to redeem the Notes in whole  but not in part  on July 18  2022  October 18  2022  January 18  2023 and April 18  2023 (each  an “Optional Redemption Date”)  upon five Business Days’ prior written notice.Any payments on the Notes are subject to the credit risk of TD. The Notes are unsecured and are not savings accounts or insured deposits of a bank. The Notes are not insured or guaranteed by the Canada Deposit Insurance Corporation (the “CDIC”)  the U.S. Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation or any other governmental agency or instrumentality of Canada or the United States.The Notes are bail-inable debt securities (as defined in the prospectus) and subject to conversion in whole or in part – by means of a transaction or series of transactions and in one or more steps – into common shares of TD or any of its affiliates under subsection 39.2(2.3) of the Canada Deposit Insurance Corporation Act (the “CDIC Act”) and to variation or extinguishment in consequence  and subject to the application of the laws of the Province of Ontario and the federal laws of Canada applicable therein in respect of the operation of the CDIC Act with respect to the Notes. See “Description of the Debt Securities―Special Provisions Related to Bail-inable Debt Securities”  “Canadian Bank Resolution Powers” and “Risk Factors—Risks Related to the Bank’s Bail-inable Debt Securities” in the accompanying prospectus.The Notes will not be listed or displayed on any securities exchange or any electronic communications network.Investment in the Notes involves a number of risks. See “Additional Risk Factors” beginning on page P-6 herein  “Risk Factors” beginning on page S-4 of the prospectus supplement dated March 4  2022 (the “prospectus supplement”) and “Risk Factors” beginning on page 1 of the prospectus dated March 4  2022 (the “prospectus”).Neither the Securities and Exchange Commission (the “ SEC ”) nor any state securities commission has approved or disapproved of these Notes or passed upon the accuracy or the adequacy of this document  the accompanying prospectus or prospectus supplement. Any representation to the contrary is a criminal offense.We will deliver the Notes in book-entry only form through the facilities of The Depository Trust Company on the Issue Date  against payment in immediately available funds.Original Offering Price Underwriting Discount(1) Proceeds to TD(1) Per Note $1 000.00 $5.1066(2) $994.8934(2) Total $15 001 000.00 $76 604.11 $14 924 395.89(1) TD Securities (USA) LLC (“TDS”) will receive an Underwriting Discount of up to $5.90 per Note and  from such Underwriting Discount  will allow a portion of that amount to Wells Fargo Securities  LLC (“Wells Fargo Securities” and  together with TDS  the “Agents”). The Agents may allow selected dealers a selling concession of up to $3.90 per Note depending on market conditions that are relevant to the value of the Notes at the time an order to purchase the Notes is submitted to the agent. Such securities dealers may include Wells Fargo Advisors (“WFA”  the trade name of the retail brokerage business of Wells Fargo Clearing Services  LLC and Wells Fargo Advisors Financial Network  LLC)  an affiliate of Wells Fargo Securities. The per Note Underwriting Discount in the table above represents the average Underwriting Discount payable per Note. The total Underwriting Discount in the table above gives effect to the actual proceeds to TD. See “Supplemental Plan of Distribution (Conflicts of Interest)” in the prospectus supplement for further information including information regarding how we may hedge our obligations under the Notes and offering expenses. Wells Fargo Securities  LLC  a wholly owned subsidiary of Wells Fargo & Company  is an agent for the distribution of the Notes and is acting as principal. TD will reimburse TDS for certain expenses in connection with its role in the offer and sale of the Notes  and TD will pay TDS a fee in connection with its role in the offer and sale of the Notes. See “Supplemental Plan of Distribution (Conflicts of Interest)” in this pricing supplement.(2) Rounded to the nearest one-hundredth of a cent.SummaryThe information in this “Summary” section is qualified by the more detailed information set forth in this pricing supplement  the prospectus supplement and the prospectus.Issuer: The Toronto-Dominion Bank (“TD” or the “Bank”) Issue: Senior Debt Securities  Series D Original Offering Price: $1 000 per Note. See “Supplemental Plan of Distribution (Conflicts of Interest)” herein. Type of Note: Callable Fixed Rate Notes CUSIP / ISIN: 89114VBK2 / US89114VBK26 Agents: TD Securities (USA) LLC (“TDS”) and Wells Fargo Securities  LLC (“Wells Fargo Securities” and  together with TDS  the “Agents”). TDS has agreed to purchase the Notes from TD at the Original Offering Price less an Underwriting Discount of up to the Underwriting Discount set forth on the cover hereof and will allow a portion of that amount to Wells Fargo Securities. The Agents may resell the Notes to other securities dealers  including securities dealers acting as custodians  at the Principal Amount less a concession not in excess of $3.90 per Note. See “Supplemental Plan of Distribution (Conflicts of Interest)” herein. Currency: U.S. Dollars Minimum Investment: $1 000 and minimum denominations of $1 000 in excess thereof. Principal Amount & Denominations: $1 000 per Note. The Notes will be issued in denominations of $1 000 per Note and integral multiples of $1 000 in excess thereof. Issue Price: 100% of the Principal Amount per Note Pricing Date: April 13  2022 Issue Date: April 18  2022  which is two Business Days following the Pricing Date Maturity Date: July 18  2023   subject to Optional Redemption by TD  as set forth below under “Optional Redemption” prior to the Maturity Date. The Notes are not subject to repayment at the option of any holder of the Notes prior to the Maturity Date. Payment at Maturity: 100% of the Principal Amount of your Notes plus any accrued and unpaid interest. Interest Rate: 2.25% per annum  payable on each Interest Payment Date  in arrears Interest Payment Dates: Quarterly  on the 18th calendar day of each January  April  July and October  commencing on July 18  2022 and ending on the Maturity Date or Optional Redemption Date (if applicable). If a scheduled Interest Payment Date is not a Business Day  interest payments will be paid on the next following Business Day without any adjustment to the Interest Payment or any Interest Period. Interest Period: With respect to an Interest Payment Date  the period from  and including  the previous Interest Payment Date (or the Issue Date in the case of the first Interest Payment Date) to  but excluding  the next applicable Interest Payment Date. Day Count Fraction: 30/360 For the avoidance of doubt  each month is deemed to have 30 days and each year is deemed to have 360 days. Therefore  each Interest Period will be deemed to have 90 days and each year will be deemed to have 360 days  resulting in equal interest payments for each Interest Period. Optional Redemption: The Notes are redeemable by TD  in whole  but not in part  on any Optional Redemption Date at 100% of their Principal Amount together with accrued and unpaid interest (if any) from  and including  the previous Interest Payment Date to  but excluding  the applicable Optional Redemption Date. TD will provide written notice to DTC at least five (5) Business Days prior to the applicable Optional Redemption Date. In the event TD gives notice to DTC of its intention to redeem the Notes  the decision to give such notice will be subject to the prior approval of the Superintendent of Financial Institutions if such redemption would lead to a breach of TD’s Total Loss Absorbing Capacity requirements.Optional Redemption Dates: Quarterly  on July 18  2022  October 18  2022  January 18  2023 and April 18  2023. If an Optional Redemption Date is not a Business Day  then the Notes will be redeemed on the next Business Day and no interest shall be paid in respect of the delay. Business Day: Any day that is a Monday  Tuesday  Wednesday  Thursday or Friday that is neither a legal holiday nor a day on which banking institutions are authorized or required by law to close in New York City. U.S. Tax Treatment: The Notes should be treated as fixed rate debt instruments for U.S. federal income tax purposes  as discussed further herein under “Material U.S. Federal Income Tax Consequences”. Canadian Tax Treatment: Please see the discussion under the caption “Tax Consequences—Canadian Taxation” in the prospectus  which applies to your Notes. Calculation Agent: TD Listing: The Notes will not be listed or displayed on any securities exchange or any electronic communications network. Clearance and Settlement: DTC global (including through its indirect participants Euroclear and Clearstream  Luxembourg) as described under “Description of the Debt Securities—Forms of the Debt Securities” and “Ownership  Book-Entry Procedures and Settlement” in the prospectus. Terms Incorporated in the Master Note: All of the terms appearing above the item captioned “Listing” above and the terms appearing under the caption “Description of the Notes We May Offer” in the prospectus supplement  as modified by this pricing supplement. Canadian Bail-in Powers: The Notes are bail-inable debt securities (as defined in the prospectus) and subject to conversion in whole or in part – by means of a transaction or series of transactions and in one or more steps – into common shares of the Bank or any of its affiliates under subsection 39.2(2.3) of the Canada Deposit Insurance Corporation Act (the “CDIC Act”) and to variation or extinguishment in consequence  and subject to the application of the laws of the Province of Ontario and the federal laws of Canada applicable therein in respect of the operation of the CDIC Act with respect to the Notes. See “Description of the Debt Securities―Special Provisions Related to Bail-inable Debt Securities”  “Canadian Bank Resolution Powers” and “Risk Factors—Risks Related to the Bank’s Bail-inable Debt Securities” in the prospectus for a description of provisions and risks applicable to the Notes as a result of Canadian bail-in powers. Agreement with Respect to the Exercise of Canadian Bail-in Powers: By its acquisition of an interest in any Note  each holder or beneficial owner of that Note is deemed to (i) agree to be bound  in respect of the Notes  by the CDIC Act  including the conversion of the Notes  in whole or in part – by means of a transaction or series of transactions and in one or more steps – into common shares of the Bank or any of its affiliates under subsection 39.2(2.3) of the CDIC Act and the variation or extinguishment of the Notes in consequence  and by the application of the laws of the Province of Ontario and the federal laws of Canada applicable therein in respect of the operation of the CDIC Act with respect to the Notes; (ii) attorn and submit to the jurisdiction of the courts in the Province of Ontario with respect to the CDIC Act and those laws; and (iii) acknowledge and agree that the terms referred to in paragraphs (i) and (ii)  above  are binding on that holder or beneficial owner despite any provisions in the indenture or the Notes  any other law that governs the Notes and any other agreement  arrangement or understanding between that holder or beneficial owner and the Bank with respect to the Notes. Holders and beneficial owners of Notes will have no further rights in respect of their bail-inable debt securities to the extent those bail-inable debt securities are converted in a bail-in conversion  other than those provided under the bail-in regime  and by its acquisition of an interest in any Note  each holder or beneficial owner of that Note is deemed to irrevocably consent to the converted portion of the Principal Amount of that Note and any accrued and unpaid interest thereon being deemed paid in full by the Bank by the issuance of common shares of the Bank (or  if applicable  any of its affiliates) upon the occurrence of a bail-in conversion  which bail-in conversion will occur without any further action on the part of that holder or beneficial owner or the trustee; provided that  for the avoidance of doubt  this consent will not limit or otherwise affect any rights that holders or beneficial owners may have under the bail-in regime. See “Description of the Debt Securities―Special Provisions Related to Bail-inable Debt Securities”  “Canadian Bank Resolution Powers” and “Risk Factors—Risks Related to the Bank’s Bail-inable Debt Securities” in the prospectus for a description of provisions and risks applicable to the Notes as a result of Canadian bail-in powers.Additional Terms of Your NotesYou should read this pricing supplement together with the prospectus  as supplemented by the prospectus supplement  relating to our Senior Debt Securities  Series D  of which these Notes are a part. Capitalized terms used but not defined in this pricing supplement will have the meanings given to them in the prospectus supplement. In the event of any conflict  this pricing supplement will control. The Notes vary from the terms described in the prospectus supplement in several important ways. You should read this pricing supplement carefully.This pricing supplement  together with the documents listed below  contains the terms of the Notes and supersedes all prior or contemporaneous oral statements as well as any other written materials including preliminary or indicative pricing terms  correspondence  trade ideas  structures for implementation  sample structures  brochures or other educational materials of ours. You should carefully consider  among other things  the matters set forth in “Additional Risk Factors” of this pricing supplement and “Risk Factors” of the prospectus supplement and the prospectus  as the Notes involve risks not associated with conventional debt securities. We urge you to consult your investment  legal  tax  accounting and other advisors concerning an investment in the Notes. You may access these documents on the SEC website at www.sec.gov as follows (or if that address has changed  by reviewing our filings for the relevant date on the SEC website):◾ Prospectus dated March 4  2022:◾ Prospectus Supplement dated March 4  2022:Our Central Index Key  or CIK  on the SEC website is 0000947263. As used in this pricing supplement  the “Bank ” “we ” “us ” or “our” refers to The Toronto-Dominion Bank and its subsidiaries.We reserve the right to change the terms of  or reject any offer to purchase  the Notes prior to their issuance. In the event of any changes to the terms of the Notes  we will notify you and you will be asked to accept such changes in connection with your purchase. You may also choose to reject such changes  in which case we may reject your offer to purchase.Additional Risk FactorsThe Notes involve risks not associated with an investment in ordinary fixed rate notes. This section describes the most significant risks relating to the terms of the Notes. For additional information as to these risks  please see the prospectus supplement and the prospectus.Investors should consult their investment  legal  tax  accounting and other advisors as to the risks entailed by an investment in the Notes and the suitability of the Notes in light of their particular circumstances.Risks Relating to Structure and Credit CharacteristicsBecause the Notes Accrue Interest at a Fixed Interest Rate  the Amount of Interest Payable on Your Notes on Each Interest Payment Date May be Below Market Interest Rates.Because interest payable on your Notes accrues at a fixed interest rate  there can be no guarantee that the interest you will receive on one or more Interest Payment Dates will be equal to or greater than the market interest rate on such dates. We have no control over market interest rates or a number of factors that may affect market interest rates  including economic  financial  political and other events that are important in determining the existence  magnitude and longevity of these risks and their results. You should have a view as to the Interest Rate on the Notes and its level relative to market interest rates over the term of the Notes.Investors Are Subject to Our Credit Risk  and Our Credit Ratings and Credit Spreads May Adversely Affect the Market Value of the Notes.Investors are dependent on TD’s ability to pay all amounts due on the Notes on an Optional Redemption Date  Interest Payment Date and the Maturity Date  and  therefore  investors are subject to the credit risk of TD and to changes in the market’s view of TD’s creditworthiness. Any decrease in TD’s credit ratings or increase in the credit spreads charged by the market for taking TD’s credit risk is likely to adversely affect the market value of the Notes. If TD becomes unable to meet its financial obligations as they become due  investors may not receive any amounts due under the terms of the Notes.The Notes will be Subject to Risks  Including Conversion in Whole or in Part — by Means of a Transaction or Series of Transactions and in One or More Steps — into Common Shares of TD or Any of its Affiliates  Under Canadian Bank Resolution Powers.Under Canadian bank resolution powers  the CDIC may  in circumstances where TD has ceased  or is about to cease  to be viable  assume temporary control or ownership of TD and may be granted broad powers by one or more orders of the Governor in Council (Canada)  including the power to sell or dispose of all or a part of the assets of TD  and the power to carry out or cause TD to carry out a transaction or a series of transactions the purpose of which is to restructure the business of TD. If the CDIC were to take action under the Canadian bank resolution powers with respect to TD  this could result in holders or beneficial owners of the Notes being exposed to losses and conversion of the Notes in whole or in part — by means of a transaction or series of transactions and in one or more steps — into common shares of TD or any of its affiliates.As a result  you should consider the risk that you may lose all or part of your investment  including the Principal Amount plus any accrued interest  if the CDIC were to take action under the Canadian bank resolution powers  including the bail-in regime  and that any remaining outstanding Notes  or common shares of TD or any of its affiliates into which the Notes are converted  may be of little value at the time of a bail-in conversion and thereafter. See “Description of the Debt Securities―Special Provisions Related to Bail-inable Debt Securities”  “Canadian Bank Resolution Powers” and “Risk Factors—Risks Related to the Bank’s Bail-inable Debt Securities” in the accompanying prospectus for a description of provisions and risks applicable to the Notes as a result of Canadian bail-in powers.The Notes Are Subject to Early Redemption at TD's Option.TD has the option to redeem the Notes on any Optional Redemption Date  as set forth above. It is more likely that we will redeem the Notes prior to the Maturity Date in the event that the interest payable on the Notes is greater than the interest that would be payable on our other instruments of a comparable maturity  terms and credit rating trading in the market. If the Notes are redeemed prior to the Maturity Date  you may have to re-invest the proceeds in a lower rate environment.Risks Relating to Valuation and LiquidityThe Underwriting Discount  Offering Expenses and Certain Hedging Costs Are Likely to Adversely Affect Secondary Market Prices.Assuming no changes in market conditions or any other relevant factors  the price  if any  at which you may be able to sell the Notes will likely be less than the Original Offering Price. The Original Offering Price includes  and any price quoted to you is likely to exclude  the Underwriting Discount paid in connection with the initial distribution  offering expenses as well as the cost of hedging our obligations under the Notes. In addition  any such price is also likely to reflect dealer discounts  mark-ups and other transaction costs  such as a discount to account for costs associated with establishing or unwinding any related hedge transaction.There May Not Be an Active Trading Market for the Notes — Sales in the Secondary Market May Result in Significant Losses.There may be little or no secondary market for the Notes. The Notes will not be listed or displayed on any securities exchange or any electronic communications network. The Agents and their respective affiliates may make a market for the Notes; however  they are not required to do so. The Agents and their respective affiliates may stop any market-making activities at any time. Even if a secondary market for the Notes develops  it may not provide significant liquidity or trade at prices advantageous to you. We expect that transaction costs in any secondary market would be high. As a result  the difference between bid and ask prices for your Notes in any secondary market could be substantial. If you sell your Notes before the Maturity Date  you may have to do so at a substantial discount from the Original Offering Price  and as a result  you may suffer substantial losses.The Temporary Price at Which the Agents May Initially Buy The Notes in the Secondary Market May Exceed Other Secondary Market Values and  Depending on Your Broker  the Valuation Provided on Your Customer Account Statements May Not Be Indicative of Future Prices of Your Notes.Assuming that all relevant factors remain constant after the Pricing Date  the price at which the Agents may initially buy or sell the Notes in the secondary market (if the Agents make a market in the Notes  which it is not obligated to do) may  for a temporary period after the Pricing Date of the Notes  exceed the secondary market value of the Notes  as discussed further under “Supplemental Plan of Distribution (Conflicts of Interest).” During this temporary period such prices may  depending on your broker  be greater than the valuation provided on your customer account statements; you should inquire with your broker as to the valuation provided on your customer account statement. The price at which the Agents may initially buy or sell the Notes in the secondary market may not be indicative of future prices of your Notes.Risks Relating to Canadian and U.S. Federal Income TaxationSignificant Aspects of the Tax Treatment of the Notes May Be Uncertain.The U.S. tax treatment of the Notes may be uncertain. Please read carefully the section entitled “Material U.S. Federal Income Tax Consequences” below. You should consult your tax advisor about your tax situation.For a discussion of the Canadian federal income tax consequences of investing in the Notes  please see “Tax Consequences—Canadian Taxation” in the prospectus. If you are not a Non-resident Holder (as that term is defined in “Canadian Taxation” in the prospectus) for Canadian federal income tax purposes or if you acquire the Notes in the secondary market  you should consult your tax advisors as to the consequences of acquiring  holding and disposing of the Notes and receiving the payments that might be due under the Notes.Material U.S. Federal Income Tax ConsequencesGeneral The following discussion summarizes certain U.S. federal income tax consequences to U.S. Holders of the beneficial ownership and disposition of the Notes. This discussion replaces the federal income tax discussions in the prospectus supplement and prospectus. The discussion herein does not address the consequences to taxpayers subject to special tax accounting rules under Section 451(b) of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986  as amended (the “Code”).For purposes of this summary  a “U.S. Holder” is a beneficial owner of a Note that is:• an individual who is a citizen or a resident of the U.S.  for U.S. federal income tax purposes;• a corporation (or other entity that is treated as a corporation for U.S. federal income tax purposes) that is created or organized in or under the laws of the U.S. or any State thereof (including the District of Columbia);• an estate whose income is subject to U.S. federal income taxation regardless of its source; or• a trust if a court within the U.S. is able to exercise primary supervision over its administration  and one or more U.S. persons  for U.S. federal income tax purposes  have the authority to control all of its substantial decisions.For purposes of this summary  a “Non-U.S. Holder” is a beneficial owner of a Note that is:• a nonresident alien individual for federal income tax purposes;• a foreign corporation for federal income tax purposes; or• an estate or trust whose income is not subject to federal income tax on a net income basis.An individual may  subject to certain exceptions  be deemed to be a resident of the U.S. for U.S. federal income tax purposes by reason of being present in the U.S. for 31 days or more in the calendar year and for an aggregate of 183 days or more during a three-year period ending in the current calendar year (counting for such purposes all of the days present in the current year  one third of the days present in the immediately preceding year  and one sixth of the days present in the second preceding year).This summary is based on interpretations of the Code  regulations issued thereunder  and rulings and decisions currently in effect (or in some cases proposed)  all of which are subject to change. Any such change may be applied retroactively and may materially and adversely affect the U.S. federal income tax consequences described herein. In addition  this summary addresses only holders that purchase Notes at initial issuance at the Original Issue Price for U.S. federal income tax purposes  which is the first price at which a substantial amount of the Notes is sold to the public  and own Notes as capital assets and not as part of a “straddle ” “hedge ” “synthetic security ” or a “conversion transaction” for U.S. federal income tax purposes or as part of some other integrated investment. If you purchase the Notes at other than initial issuance at the Original Issue Price  you should consult your tax advisor concerning the tax consequences of your ownership of the Notes.This summary does not discuss all of the tax consequences (such as any alternative minimum tax consequences) that may be relevant to particular investors or to investors subject to special treatment under the U.S. federal income tax laws (such as banks  thrifts or other financial institutions; insurance companies; securities dealers or brokers  or traders in securities electing mark-to-market treatment; regulated investment companies or real estate investment trusts; small business investment companies; S corporations; partnerships; or investors that hold their Notes through a partnership or other entity treated as a partnership for U.S. federal income tax purposes; holders whose functional currency is not the U.S. dollar; certain former citizens or residents of the U.S.; retirement plans or other tax-exempt entities  or persons holding the Notes in tax-deferred or tax-advantaged accounts; persons that purchase or sell the Notes as part of a wash sale for tax purposes; or “controlled foreign corporations” or “passive foreign investment companies” for U.S. federal income tax purposes). This summary also does not address the tax consequences to shareholders  or other equity holders in  or beneficiaries of  a holder  or any state  local or non-U.S. tax consequences of the purchase  ownership or disposition of the Notes. Persons considering the purchase of Notes should consult their tax advisors concerning the application of U.S. federal income tax laws to their particular situations as well as any consequences of the purchase  beneficial ownership and disposition of Notes arising under the laws of any state  local or non-U.S. taxing jurisdiction.U.S. Federal Income Tax Treatment of the NotesWhile there is no authority that specifically addresses the U.S. federal income tax treatment of bail-inable debt securities such as the Notes  the Notes should be treated as indebtedness for U.S. federal income tax purposes  and the balance of this summary assumes that such Notes are treated as indebtedness for U.S. federal income tax purposes. However  the U.S. Internal Revenue Service (the “IRS”) could assert that the Notes should be treated as equity for U.S. federal income tax purposes. Nevertheless  treatment of the Notes as equity for U.S. federal income tax purposes should not result in inclusions of income that are materially different from Notes that are treated as indebtedness. If the Notes were treated as equity  it is unlikely that interest payments on the Notes that are treated as dividends for U.S. federal income tax purposes would be treated as “qualified dividend income” for U.S. federal income tax purposes and  if such dividends were not treated as qualified dividend income  amounts treated as dividends would be taxed at ordinary income tax rates. You should consult with your tax advisor regarding the appropriate characterization of bail-inable debt securities for U.S. federal income tax purposes  and the U.S. federal income and other tax consequences of any bail-in conversion.The Notes should be treated as indebtedness for U.S. federal income tax purposes as discussed above  with interest payments on the Notes taxable to a U.S. Holder as ordinary interest income at the time it accrues or is received in accordance with the U.S. Holder’s normal method of accounting for tax purposes. By purchasing the Notes  you agree to treat the Notes consistent with our treatment for all U.S. federal income tax purposes. We do not plan to request a ruling from the IRS regarding the tax treatment of the Notes  and the IRS or a court may not agree with the tax treatment described in this pricing supplement. We urge you to consult your tax advisor as to the tax consequences of your investment in the Notes.Based on certain factual representations received from us  our special U.S. tax counsel  Fried  Frank  Harris  Shriver & Jacobson LLP  is of the opinion that the Notes should be treated in the manner described above. However  the U.S. federal income tax treatment of the Notes is uncertain.Sale  Exchange  Early Redemption or Maturity of the NotesUpon the disposition of a Note by sale  exchange  early redemption  maturity or other taxable disposition  a U.S. Holder should generally recognize taxable gain or loss equal to the difference between (1) the amount realized on such taxable disposition (other than amounts attributable to accrued but untaxed interest) and (2) the U.S. Holder’s adjusted tax basis in the Note. A U.S. Holder’s adjusted tax basis in a Note generally will equal the U.S. Holder’s cost of the Note. Because the Note is held as a “capital asset”  as defined in Section 1221 of the Code  such gain or loss will generally constitute capital gain or loss. Capital gain of a non-corporate U.S. Holder is generally taxed at preferential rates where the holder has a holding period of greater than one year. The deductibility of a capital loss realized on the taxable disposition of a Note is subject to limitations.Medicare Tax on Net Investment IncomeU.S. Holders that are individuals  estates or certain trusts are subject to an additional 3.8% tax on all or a portion of their “net investment income ” or “undistributed net investment income” in the case of an estate or trust  which may include any income or gain realized with respect to the Notes  to the extent of their net investment income or undistributed net investment income (as the case may be) that  when added to their other modified adjusted gross income  exceeds $200 000 for an unmarried individual  $250 000 for a married taxpayer filing a joint return (or a surviving spouse)  $125 000 for a married individual filing a separate return or the dollar amount at which the highest tax bracket begins for an estate or trust. The 3.8% Medicare tax is determined in a different manner than the income tax. U.S. Holders should consult their tax advisors as to the consequences of the 3.8% Medicare tax.Specified Foreign Financial AssetsCertain U.S. Holders that own “specified foreign financial assets” in excess of an applicable threshold may be subject to reporting obligations with respect to such assets with their tax returns  especially if such assets are held outside the custody of a U.S. financial institution. U.S. Holders are urged to consult their tax advisors as to the application of this reporting obligation to their ownership of the Notes.Tax Treatment of Non-U.S. HoldersIn general and subject to the discussion below  if you are a Non-U.S. Holder  you should generally not be subject to U.S. federal income or withholding tax with respect to payments on your Notes or to generally applicable information reporting and backup withholding requirements with respect to payments on your Notes if you comply with certain certification and identification requirements as to your non-U.S. status including providing us (and/or the applicable withholding agent) a properly executed and fully completed applicable IRS Form W-8. Gain realized from the taxable disposition of a Note generally should not be subject to U.S. tax unless (i) such gain is effectively connected with a trade or business conducted by you in the U.S.  (ii) you are a non-resident alien individual and are present in the U.S. for 183 days or more during the taxable year of such taxable disposition and certain other conditions are satisfied or (iii) you have certain other present or former connections with the U.S.Backup Withholding and Information ReportingInterest paid on  and the proceeds received from a sale  exchange  early redemption  maturity or other taxable disposition of Notes held by a U.S. Holder will be subject to information reporting unless the U.S. Holder is an “exempt recipient” and may also be subject to backup withholding if the holder fails to provide certain identifying information (such as an accurate taxpayer number) or meet certain other conditions. Amounts withheld under the backup withholding rules are not additional taxes and may be refunded or credited against your U.S. federal income tax liability  provided the required information is furnished to the IRS.Payments of principal and interest on  and proceeds from the taxable disposition of  Notes held by a Non-U.S. Holder to or through certain brokers may be subject to a backup withholding tax on “reportable payments” unless  in general  such Non-U.S. Holder complies with certain procedures or is an exempt recipient. Any such amounts so withheld from distributions on the Notes generally will be refunded by the IRS or allowed as a credit against such Non-U.S. Holder’s federal income tax  provided such Non-U.S. Holder makes a timely filing of an appropriate tax return or refund claim. Reports will be made to the IRS and to holders that are not excepted from the reporting requirements.Both U.S. and Non-U.S. Holders should consult their tax advisors regarding the U.S. federal income tax consequences of an investment in the Notes  as well as any tax consequences arising under the laws of any state  local or non-U.S. taxing jurisdiction (including that of TD).Supplemental Plan of Distribution (Conflicts of Interest)We have appointed TDS  an affiliate of TD  and Wells Fargo Securities  as the Agents for the sale of the Notes. Pursuant to the terms of a distribution agreement  TDS has agreed to purchase the Notes from TD at the Original Offering Price less an Underwriting Discount of up to the Underwriting Discount set forth on the cover page of this pricing supplement and will allow a portion of that amount to Wells Fargo Securities. The per Note Underwriting Discount in the table on the cover hereof represents the average Underwriting Discount payable per Note  and the total Underwriting Discount in the table on the cover hereof gives effect to the actual proceeds to TD. The Agents may resell the Notes to other securities dealers at the Original Offering Price of $1 000 per Note less a concession not in excess of the amount specified on the cover hereof  depending on market conditions that are relevant to the value of the Notes at the time an order to purchase the Notes is submitted to the Agent. Such securities dealers may include Wells Fargo Advisors (the trade name of the retail brokerage business of Wells Fargo Clearing Services  LLC and Wells Fargo Advisors Financial Network  LLC)  an affiliate of Wells Fargo Securities. TD will reimburse TDS for certain expenses in connection with its role in the offer and sale of the Notes  and TD will pay TDS a fee in connection with its role in the offer and sale of the Notes.Assuming that all relevant factors remain constant after the Pricing Date  the price at which the Agents may initially buy or sell the Notes in the secondary market  if any  may  for a temporary period expected to be approximately 15 months after the Issue Date  exceed the secondary market value of the Notes because  in our discretion  we may elect to effectively reimburse to investors a portion of the estimated cost of hedging our obligations under the Notes and other costs in connection with the Notes which we will no longer expect to incur over the term of the Notes. This discretionary election and the temporary reimbursement period are determined on the basis of a number of factors  including the tenor of the Notes and any agreement we may have with the distributors of the Notes. The amount of our estimated costs which we effectively reimburse to investors in this way may not be allocated ratably throughout the reimbursement period  and we may discontinue such reimbursement at any time or revise the duration of the reimbursement period after the Issue Date of the Notes based on changes in market conditions and other factors that cannot be predicted.Conflicts of Interest. TDS is an affiliate of TD and  as such  has a “conflict of interest” in this offering within the meaning of Financial Industry Regulatory Authority  Inc. (“FINRA”) Rule 5121. In addition  TD will receive the net proceeds from the initial public offering of the Notes  thus creating an additional conflict of interest within the meaning of FINRA Rule 5121. This offering of the Notes will be conducted in compliance with the provisions of FINRA Rule 5121. In accordance with FINRA Rule 5121  neither TDS nor any other affiliated agent of ours is permitted to sell the Notes in this offering to an account over which it exercises discretionary authority without the prior specific written approval of the account holder.We  TDS  another of our affiliates or third parties may use this pricing supplement in the initial sale of the Notes. In addition  we  TDS  another of our affiliates or third parties may use this pricing supplement in a market-making transaction in the Notes after their initial sale. If a purchaser buys the Notes from us  TDS  another of our affiliates or third parties  this pricing supplement is being used in a market-making transaction unless we  TDS  another of our affiliates or third parties informs such purchaser otherwise in the confirmation of sale.Selling RestrictionsArgentina . The Notes are not and will not be marketed in Argentina by means of a public offering  as such term is defined under Section 2 of Law Number 26 831  as amended. No application has been or will be made with the Argentine Comisión Nacional de Valores  the Argentine securities governmental authority  to offer the Notes in Argentina. The contents of this document have not been reviewed by the Argentine Comisión Nacional de Valores.Brazil. The Notes have not been and will not be issued nor publicly placed  distributed  offered or negotiated in the Brazilian capital markets and  as a result  have not been and will not be registered with the Comissão de Valores Mobiliáros (“CVM”). Any public offering or distribution  as defined under Brazilian laws and regulations  of the Notes in Brazil is not legal without prior registration under Law 6 385/76  and CVM applicable regulation. Documents relating to the offering of the Notes  as well as information contained therein  may not be supplied to the public in Brazil (as the offering of the Notes is not a public offering of Notes in Brazil)  nor be used in connection with any offer for subscription or sale of the Notes to the public in Brazil. Persons wishing to offer or acquire the Notes within Brazil should consult with their own counsel as to the applicability of registration requirements or any exemption therefrom.Chile. Neither the issuer nor the Notes have been registered with the Comisión Para el Mercado Financiero pursuant to Law No. 18.045  the Ley de Mercado de Valores and regulations thereunder  so they cannot be publicly offered in Chile. This pricing supplement does not constitute an offer of  or an invitation to subscribe for or purchase  the Notes in the republic of Chile  other than to individually identified buyers pursuant to a private offering within the meaning of Article 4 of the Ley de Mercado de Valores (an offer that is not addressed to the public at large or to a certain sector or specific group of the public).China. This document does not constitute an offer to sell or the solicitation of an offer to buy any Notes in the People’s Republic of China (excluding Hong Kong  Macau and Taiwan  the “ PRC ”) to any person to whom it is unlawful to make the offer or solicitation in the PRC. TD does not represent that this document may be lawfully distributed  or that any Notes may be lawfully offered  in compliance with any applicable registration or other requirements in the PRC  or pursuant to an exemption available thereunder  or assume any responsibility for facilitating any such distribution or offering. Neither this document nor any advertisement or other offering material may be distributed or published in the PRC  except under circumstances that will result in compliance with any applicable laws and regulations.Mexico. The Notes have not been registered with the National Registry of Securities maintained by the Mexican National Banking and Securities Commission and may not be offered or sold publicly in Mexico. This pricing supplement along with the accompanying prospectus supplement and accompanying prospectus may not be publicly distributed in Mexico. The Notes may only be offered in a private offering pursuant to Article 8 of the Securities Market Law.Paraguay. The sale of the Notes qualifies as a private placement pursuant to Law No. 5810/17 “Stock Market”. The Notes must not be offered or sold to the public in Paraguay  except under circumstances which do not constitute a public offering in accordance withParaguayan regulations. The Notes are not and will not be registered before the Paraguayan securities supervisory body Comisión Nacional de Valores (“CNV”) the Paraguayan private stock exchange Bolsa de Valores y Productos de Asunción (“BVPASA”). The issuer is also not registered before the CNV or the BVPASA.In no case may securities not registered before the CNV be offered to the general public via mass media such as press  radio  television  or internet when such media are publicly accessible in the Republic of Paraguay  regardless of the location from where they are issued.The privately placed Notes are not registered with the National Securities Commission  and therefore do not have tax benefits and are not negotiable through the BVPASA. Privately placed securities may have less liquidity  making it difficult to sell such securities in the secondary market  which could also affect the sale price. Private securities of issuers not registered before the CNV may not have periodic financial information or audited financial statements  which could generate greater risk to the investor due to the asymmetry of information. It is the responsibility of the investor to ascertain and assess the risk assumed in the acquisition of the Note.Peru. The Notes have not been and will not be registered with the Capital Markets Public Registry of the Capital Markets Superintendence (“SMV”) nor the Lima Stock Exchange Registry (“RBVL”) for their public offering in Peru under the Peruvian Capital Markets Law (Law No. 861/ Supreme Decree No. 093-2002) and the decrees and regulations thereunder. Consequently  the Notes may not be offered or sold  directly or indirectly  nor may this pricing supplement or any other offering material relating to the Notes be distributed or caused to be distributed in Peru to the general public. The Notes may only be offered in a private offering under Peruvian regulation and without using mass marketing  which is defined as a marketing strategy utilizing mass distribution and mass media to offer  negotiate or distribute notes to the whole market. Mass media includes newspapers  magazines  radio  television  mail  meetings  social networks  Internet servers located in Peru  and other media or technology platforms.Taiwan. The Notes may be made available outside Taiwan for purchase by Taiwan residents outside Taiwan but may not be offered or sold in Taiwan.Uruguay. The sale of the Notes qualifies as a private placement pursuant to section 2 of Uruguayan law 18 627. The Notes must not be offered or sold to the public in Uruguay  except in circumstances which do not constitute a public S-31 offering or distribution under Uruguayan laws and regulations. The Notes are not and will not be registered with the Financial Services Superintendency of the Central Bank of Uruguay.Prohibition of Sales to European Economic Area Retail InvestorsThe Notes may not be offered  sold or otherwise made available to any retail investor in the European Economic Area (“EEA”). For the purposes of this provision:(a) the expression “retail investor” means a person who is one (or more) of the following:(i) a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended  “MiFID II”); or(ii) a customer within the meaning of Directive (EU) 2016/97 (the “Insurance Distribution Directive”)  where that customer would not qualify as a professional client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or(iii) not a qualified investor as defined in Regulation (3)(e) (EU) 2017/1129 (as amended  the “Prospectus Regulation”); and(b) the expression an “offer” includes the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient information on the terms of the offer and the Notes so as to enable an investor to decide to purchase or subscribe for the Notes.Consequently no key information document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 (as amended  the “PRIIPs Regulation”) for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the EEA has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the EEA may be unlawful under the PRIIPs Regulation.Prohibition of Sales to United Kingdom Retail InvestorsThe Notes may not be offered  sold or otherwise made available to any retail investor in the United Kingdom. For the purposes of this provision:(a) the expression “retail investor” means a person who is one (or more) of the following:(i) a retail client  as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it forms part of United Kingdom domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (the “EUWA”) and the regulations made under the EUWA  subject to amendments made by the Markets in Financial Instruments (Amendment) (EU Exit) Regulations 2018 (SI 2018/1403) (as may be amended or superseded from time to time); or(ii) a customer within the meaning of the provisions of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 (as amended) (the “FSMA”) and any rules or regulations made under the FSMA to implement Directive (EU) 2016/97  where that customer would not qualify as a professional client  as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of United Kingdom domestic law by virtue of the EUWA and the regulations made under the EUWA  subject to amendments made by the Markets in Financial Instruments (Amendment) (EU Exit) Regulations 2018 (SI 2018/1403) (as may be amended or superseded from time to time); or(iii) not a qualified investor as defined in Article 2 of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA  subject to amendments made by the Prospectus (Amendment etc.) (EU Exit) Regulations 2019 (SI 2019/1234) (as may be amended or superseded from time to time) ; and(b) the expression an “offer” includes the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient information on the terms of the offer and the Notes so as to enable an investor to decide to purchase or subscribe for the Notes.Consequently no key information document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA  subject to amendments made by the Packaged Retail and Insurance-based Investment Products (Amendment) (EU Exit) Regulations 2019 (SI 2019/403) (as may be amended or superseded from time to time  the “UK PRIIPs Regulation”) for offering or selling any Notes or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the United Kingdom has been prepared and therefore offering or selling any Notes or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the United Kingdom may be unlawful under the UK PRIIPs Regulation.Validity of the NotesIn the opinion of Fried  Frank  Harris  Shriver & Jacobson LLP  as special products counsel to TD  when the Notes offered by this pricing supplement have been executed and issued by TD and authenticated by the trustee pursuant to the indenture and delivered  paid for and sold as contemplated herein  the Notes will be valid and binding obligations of TD  enforceable against TD in accordance with their terms  subject to applicable bankruptcy  insolvency  fraudulent conveyance  reorganization  moratorium  receivership or other laws relating to or affecting creditors’ rights generally  and to general principles of equity (regardless of whether enforcement is sought in a proceeding at law or in equity). This opinion is given as of the date hereof and is limited to the laws of the State of New York. Insofar as this opinion involves matters governed by Canadian law  Fried  Frank  Harris  Shriver & Jacobson LLP has assumed  without independent inquiry or investigation  the validity of the matters opined on by McCarthy Tétrault LLP  Canadian legal counsel for TD  in its opinion expressed below. In addition  this opinion is subject to customary assumptions about the trustee’s authorization  execution and delivery of the indenture and  with respect to the Notes  authentication of the Notes and the genuineness of signatures and certain factual matters  all as stated in the opinion of Fried  Frank  Harris  Shriver & Jacobson LLP dated March 4  2022 filed as an exhibit to the Current Report on Form 6-K on March 4  2022.In the opinion of McCarthy Tétrault LLP  the issue and sale of the Notes has been duly authorized by all necessary corporate action on the part of TD  and when this pricing supplement has been attached to  and duly notated on  the master note that represents the Notes  the Notes will have been validly executed and issued and  to the extent validity of the Notes is a matter governed by the laws of the Province of Ontario  or the laws of Canada applicable therein  will be valid obligations of TD  subject to the following limitations: (i) the enforceability of the Indenture is subject to bankruptcy  insolvency  reorganization  arrangement  winding up  moratorium and other similar laws of general application limiting the enforcement of creditors’ rights generally; (ii) the enforceability of the Indenture is subject to general equitable principles  including the fact that the availability of equitable remedies  such as injunctive relief and specific performance  is in the discretion of a court; (iii) courts in Canada are precluded from giving a judgment in any currency other than the lawful money of Canada; and (iv) the enforceability of the Indenture will be subject to the limitations contained in the Limitations Act  2002 (Ontario)  and such counsel expresses no opinion as to whether a court may find any provision of the Indenture to be unenforceable as an attempt to vary or exclude a limitation period under that Act. This opinion is given as of the date hereof and is limited to the laws of the Province of Ontario and the federal laws of Canada applicable thereto. In addition  this opinion is subject to: (i) the assumption that the Senior Indenture has been duly authorized  executed and delivered by  and constitutes a valid and legally binding obligation of  the Trustee  enforceable against the Trustee in accordance with its terms; and (ii) customary assumptions about the genuineness of signatures and certain factual matters all as stated in the letter of such counsel dated February 4  2022  which has been filed as Exhibit 5.2 to the Registration Statement on Form F-3 filed by TD on February 4  2022.,neutral,0.0,0.99,0.0,negative,0.02,0.3,0.68,True,English,"['TORONTO DOMINION BANK', 'Form 424B2', 'U.S. Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation', 'Original Offering Price Underwriting Discount', 'Canada Deposit Insurance Corporation Act', 'Wells Fargo Advisors Financial Network', 'Wells Fargo Clearing Services', 'Canadian Bank Resolution Powers', 'The Depository Trust Company', 'Callable Fixed Rate Notes', 'electronic communications network', 'Wells Fargo Securities', '18th calendar day', 'other governmental agency', 'retail brokerage business', 'average Underwriting Discount', 'total Underwriting Discount', 'Optional Redemption Date', 'bail-inable debt securities', 'state securities commission', 'The Toronto-Dominion Bank', 'Such securities dealers', 'Additional Risk Factors', 'Note Underwriting Discount', 'Interest Payment Date', 'federal laws', 'CDIC Act', 'securities exchange', 'Exchange Commission', 'Issue Date', 'Maturity Date', 'credit risk', 'Registration Statement', 'Pricing Supplement', 'written notice', 'savings accounts', 'insured deposits', 'United States', 'common shares', 'Special Provisions', 'criminal offense', 'selling concession', 'market conditions', 'trade name', 'actual proceeds', 'Supplemental Plan', 'nearest one-hundredth', 'The Notes', 'The Agents', 'Prospectus Supplement', 'accompanying prospectus', 'Summary” section', 'Rule', 'April', 'March', 'TD', 'CUSIP', 'ISIN', '89114VBK2', 'annum', 'January', 'July', 'October', 'part', 'payments', 'instrumentality', 'conversion', 'means', 'transaction', 'series', 'steps', 'affiliates', 'subsection', 'variation', 'extinguishment', 'consequence', 'application', 'Province', 'Ontario', 'respect', 'operation', 'Description', 'Risks', 'Investment', 'number', 'page', 'accuracy', 'adequacy', 'document', 'representation', 'contrary', 'book-entry', 'form', 'facilities', 'funds', 'USA', 'LLC', 'portion', 'amount', 'value', 'time', 'order', 'WFA', 'table', 'effect', 'Distribution', 'Conflicts', 'obligations', 'expenses', 'subsidiary', 'principal', 'connection', 'role', 'sale', 'fee', 'cent']",2022-04-15,2022-04-15,streetinsider.com
2990,Euroclear,Google API,https://www.streetinsider.com/SEC+Filings/Form+FWP+ROYAL+BANK+OF+CANADA+Filed+by%3A+ROYAL+BANK+OF+CANADA/19917099.html,Form FWP ROYAL BANK OF CANADA Filed by: ROYAL BANK OF CANADA,1 day ago,"Filed Pursuant to Rule 433Registration Statement No. 333-259205The information in this preliminary terms supplement is not complete and may be changed.Preliminary Terms Supplement Subject to Completion: Dated April 14  2022Pricing Supplement Dated April __  2022 to the Prospectus dated September 14  2021  the Prospectus Supplement dated September 14  2021  and the Product Prospectus Supplement dated March 3  2022$_________ Buffered Enhanced Return Notes Linked to a Basket of Two Exchange Traded Funds  Due May 1  2024 Royal Bank of CanadaRoyal Bank of Canada is offering the Buffered Enhanced Return Notes (the “Notes”) linked to the performance of an equally weighted basket (the “Basket”) of two exchange-traded funds: the SPDR® Gold Shares and the iShares® Silver Trust.The CUSIP number for the Notes is 78016FHX5. If the Percentage Change (as defined below) of the Basket is positive  the Notes will provide a return that is equal to at least 125% of that Percentage Change (to be determined on the Trade Date)  up to the Maximum Return of 20%. If the Percentage Change is 0% or negative  but is not less than ‑15%  the Notes will pay the principal amount. However  if the Percentage Change is less than ‑15%  you will lose 1% of the principal amount for each 1% that the Percentage Change is less than ‑15%  and you may lose up to 85% of your investment. Any payments on the Notes are subject to our credit risk.Issue Date: April 29  2022Maturity Date: May 1  2024The Notes will not pay interest. The Notes will not be listed on any securities exchange.Investing in the Notes involves a number of risks. See “Selected Risk Considerations” beginning on page P-6 of this terms supplement  “Additional Risk Factors Specific to the Notes” beginning on page PS-6 of the product prospectus supplement dated September 14  2021  and “Risk Factors” on page S-2 of the prospectus supplement dated September 14  2021.The Notes will not constitute deposits insured by the Canada Deposit Insurance Corporation  the U.S. Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation or any other Canadian or U.S. government agency or instrumentality. The Notes are not subject to conversion into our common shares under subsection 39.2(2.3) of the Canada Deposit Insurance Corporation Act.Neither the Securities and Exchange Commission nor any state securities commission has approved or disapproved of the Notes or determined that this terms supplement is truthful or complete. Any representation to the contrary is a criminal offense.Per Note Total Price to public(1) 100.00% $ Underwriting discounts and commissions(1) 2.25% $ Proceeds to Royal Bank of Canada 97.75% $(1) Certain dealers who purchase the Notes for sale to certain fee-based advisory accounts may forego some or all of their underwriting discount or selling concessions. The public offering price for investors purchasing the Notes in these accounts may be between $977.50 and $1 000 per $1 000 in principal amount.If the Notes priced on the date of this terms supplement  RBC Capital Markets  LLC (“RBCCM”)  acting as our agent  would receive a commission of approximately $22.50 per $1 000 in principal amount of the Notes and would use a portion of that commission to allow selling concessions to other dealers of up to approximately $22.50 per $1 000 in principal amount of the Notes. The other dealers may forgo  in their sole discretion  some or all of their selling concessions. See “Supplemental Plan of Distribution (Conflicts of Interest)” below.The initial estimated value of the Notes as of the Trade Date is expected to be between $904 and $954 per $1 000 in principal amount  and will be less than the price to public. The final pricing supplement relating to the Notes will set forth our estimate of the initial value of the Notes as of the Trade Date. The actual value of the Notes at any time will reflect many factors  cannot be predicted with accuracy  and may be less than this amount. We describe our determination of the initial estimated value in more detail below.RBC Capital Markets  LLCBuffered Enhanced Return Notes Linked to a Basket of Two Exchange Traded FundsSUMMARYThe information in this “Summary” section is qualified by the more detailed information set forth in this terms supplement  the product prospectus supplement  the prospectus supplement  and the prospectus.Issuer: Royal Bank of Canada (“Royal Bank”) Underwriter: RBC Capital Markets  LLC Reference Asset: The Notes are linked to the level of an equally weighted basket (the “Basket”) of two exchange-traded funds (each  a “Basket Component”). The Basket Components and their respective Component Weights are indicated in the table below. Denominations $1 000 and minimum denominations of $1 000 in excess thereof Trade Date (Pricing Date): April 26  2022 Issue Date: April 29  2022 Valuation Date: April 26  2024 Maturity Date: May 1  2024. The Maturity Date is subject to extension for market and other disruptions  as described in the product prospectus supplement. Payment at Maturity (if held to maturity): If the Percentage Change is positive  then the investor will receive  for each $1 000 in principal amount of the Notes  an amount calculated as follows: $1 000 + ($1 000 x the lesser of (i) the Percentage Change multiplied by the Leverage Factor and (ii) the Maximum Return) If the Percentage Change is zero or negative but is greater than or equal to -15%  the investor will receive the Principal Amount of the Notes. If the Percentage Change is less than -15%  then the investor will receive a cash payment equal to: $1 000 + [$1 000 x (Percentage Change + 15%)] In this case  you will lose 1% of the principal amount for each 1% that the Percentage Change is less than -15%  and you may lose up to 85% of the principal amount. Leverage Factor: At least 125% (to be determined on the Trade Date) Maximum Return: 20% Percentage Change: The Percentage Change  expressed as a percentage and rounded to two decimal places  will be equal to the sum of the Weighted Component Change for each Basket Component. The Weighted Component Change for each Basket Component will be determined as follows: Initial Price: The closing price per share of a Basket Component on the Trade Date. Final Price: The closing price per share of a Basket Component on the Valuation Date.Buffered Enhanced Return Notes Linked to a Basket of Two Exchange Traded FundsThe Basket: Basket Component Bloomberg Ticker Component Weight Initial Price SPDR® Gold SharesGLD 1/2iShares® Silver Trust SLV 1/2Principal at Risk: The Notes are NOT principal protected. You could lose a significant portion of your principal amount at maturity if the Percentage Change is less than -15%. Calculation Agent: RBC Capital Markets  LLC U.S. Tax Treatment: By purchasing a Note  each holder agrees (in the absence of a change in law  an administrative determination or a judicial ruling to the contrary) to treat the Notes as a pre-paid cash-settled derivative contract for U.S. federal income tax purposes. However  the U.S. federal income tax consequences of your investment in the Notes are uncertain and the Internal Revenue Service could assert that the Notes should be taxed in a manner that is different from that described in the preceding sentence. Please see the section below  “Supplemental Discussion of U.S. Federal Income Tax Consequences ” and the discussion (including the opinion of Ashurst LLP  our special U.S. tax counsel) in the product prospectus supplement under “Supplemental Discussion of U.S. Federal Income Tax Consequences ” which apply to the Notes. Secondary Market: RBC Capital Markets  LLC (or one of its affiliates)  though not obligated to do so  may maintain a secondary market in the Notes after the issue date. The amount that you may receive upon sale of your Notes prior to maturity may be less than the principal amount of your Notes. Listing: The Notes will not be listed on any securities exchange. Clearance and Settlement: DTC global (including through its indirect participants Euroclear and Clearstream  Luxembourg as described under ""Ownership and Book-Entry Issuance” in the prospectus dated September 14  2021). Terms Incorporated in the Master Note: All of the terms appearing on the cover page and above the item captioned “Secondary Market” on pages P-2 and P-3 of this terms supplement  and the applicable terms appearing under the caption “General Terms of the Notes” in the product prospectus supplement dated March 3  2022  as modified by this terms supplement.The Trade Date  issue date and other dates set forth above are subject to change  and will be set forth in the final pricing supplement relating to the Notes.Buffered Enhanced Return Notes Linked to a Basket of Two Exchange Traded FundsADDITIONAL TERMS OF YOUR NOTESYou should read this terms supplement together with the prospectus dated September 14  2021  as supplemented by the prospectus supplement dated September 14  2021 and the product prospectus supplement dated March 3  2022  relating to our Senior Global Medium-Term Notes  Series I  of which these Notes are a part. Capitalized terms used but not defined in this terms supplement will have the meanings given to them in the product prospectus supplement. In the event of any conflict  this terms supplement will control. The Notes vary from the terms described in the product prospectus supplement in several important ways. You should read this terms supplement carefully.This terms supplement  together with the documents listed below  contains the terms of the Notes and supersedes all prior or contemporaneous oral statements as well as any other written materials including preliminary or indicative pricing terms  correspondence  trade ideas  structures for implementation  sample structures  brochures or other educational materials of ours. You should carefully consider  among other things  the matters set forth in “Risk Factors” in the prospectus supplement dated September 14  2021 and “Additional Risk Factors Specific to the Notes” in the product prospectus supplement dated March 3  2022  as the Notes involve risks not associated with conventional debt securities. We urge you to consult your investment  legal  tax  accounting and other advisors before you invest in the Notes. You may access these documents on the Securities and Exchange Commission (the “SEC”) website at www.sec.gov as follows (or if that address has changed  by reviewing our filings for the relevant date on the SEC website):Prospectus dated September 14  2021:Prospectus Supplement dated September 14  2021:Product Prospectus Supplement ERN-ETF-1 dated March 3  2022 :Our Central Index Key  or CIK  on the SEC website is 1000275. As used in this terms supplement  “we ” “us ” or “our” refers to Royal Bank of Canada.Royal Bank of Canada has filed a registration statement (including a product prospectus supplement  a prospectus supplement  and a prospectus) with the SEC for the offering to which this terms supplement relates. Before you invest  you should read those documents and the other documents relating to this offering that we have filed with the SEC for more complete information about us and this offering. You may obtain these documents without cost by visiting EDGAR on the SEC website at www.sec.gov. Alternatively  Royal Bank of Canada  any agent or any dealer participating in this offering will arrange to send you the product prospectus supplement  the prospectus supplement and the prospectus if you so request by calling toll-free at 1-877-688-2301.Buffered Enhanced Return Notes Linked to a Basket of Two Exchange Traded FundsHYPOTHETICAL RETURNSThe examples set out below are included for illustration purposes only. The hypothetical Percentage Changes of the Basket used to illustrate the calculation of the Payment at Maturity (rounded to two decimal places) are not estimates or forecasts of the price of any Basket Component on the Valuation Date or on any trading day prior to the Maturity Date. All examples are based on a hypothetical Leverage Factor of 125% and the Maximum Return of 20%  and assume that a holder purchased Notes with an aggregate principal amount of $1 000 and that no market disruption event occurs on the Valuation Date. The actual Leverage Factor will be determined on the Trade Date.Example 1 — Calculation of the Payment at Maturity where the Percentage Change is positive  but is less than the Maximum Return. Percentage Change: 2% Payment at Maturity: $1 000 + [$1 000 x (2% x 125%)] = $1 000 + $25 = $1 025 On a $1 000 investment  a 2% Percentage Change results in a Payment at Maturity of $1 025  a 2.50% return on the Notes.Example 2— Calculation of the Payment at Maturity where the Percentage Change is positive  and when multiplied by the Leverage Factor  is greater than the Maximum Return. Percentage Change: 50% Payment at Maturity: $1 000 + [$1 000 x 20%] = $1 000 + $200 = $1 200On a $1 000 investment  because the Percentage Change multiplied by the Leverage Factor is greater than the Maximum Return  investors receive a Payment at Maturity of $1 200  a return of 20% on the Notes. Example 3 — Calculation of the Payment at Maturity where the Percentage Change is negative (but not by more than 15%). Percentage Change: -10% Payment at Maturity: $1 000 On a $1 000 investment  a -10% Percentage Change results in a Payment at Maturity of $1 000  a 0% return on the Notes.Example 4 — Calculation of the Payment at Maturity where the Percentage Change is negative (by more than 10%).Percentage Change: -60% Payment at Maturity: $1 000 + [$1 000 x (-60% + 15%)] = $1 000 - $450 = $550On a $1 000 investment  a -60% Percentage Change results in a Payment at Maturity of $550  a ‑45% return on the Notes.Buffered Enhanced Return Notes Linked to a Basket of Two Exchange Traded FundsSELECTED RISK CONSIDERATIONSAn investment in the Notes involves significant risks. Investing in the Notes is not equivalent to investing directly in the Basket Components. These risks are explained in more detail in the section “Additional Risk Factors Specific to the Notes” in the product prospectus supplement. In addition to the risks described in the prospectus supplement and the product prospectus supplement  you should consider the following:Risks Relating to the Terms and Structure of the Notes• You May Lose a Significant Portion of the Principal Amount of the Notes – Investors in the Notes could lose a substantial portion of their principal amount if there is a decline in the value of the Basket of more than 15%. In such a case  you will lose 1% of the principal amount of your Notes for each 1% that the Percentage Change is less than ‑15%. You may lose up to 85% of the principal amount at maturity.• The Notes Do Not Pay Interest and Your Return May Be Lower than the Return on a Conventional Debt Security of Comparable Maturity – There will be no periodic interest payments on the Notes as there would be on a conventional fixed-rate or floating-rate debt security having the same maturity. The return that you will receive on the Notes  which could be negative  may be less than the return you could earn on other investments. Even if your return is positive  your return may be less than the return you would earn if you purchased one of our conventional senior interest bearing debt securities.• The Appreciation Potential of the Notes Is Limited by the Maximum Return – If the Percentage Change is positive  we will pay you $1 000 per Note at maturity plus an additional return that will not exceed the Maximum Return  regardless of the appreciation in the Basket Components  which may be significant. Therefore  you will not benefit from any appreciation of the Basket Components in excess of an amount that exceeds the Maximum Return. Your return on the Notes may be less than your return would be on a hypothetical direct investment in the Basket Components.• Changes in the Price of One Basket Component May Be Offset by Changes in the Price of the Other Basket Component – A change in the price of one Basket Component may not correlate with changes in the price of the other Basket Component. The price of one Basket Component may increase  while the price of the other Basket Component may not increase as much  or may even decrease. Therefore  in determining the price of the Reference Asset as of any time  increases in the price of one Basket Component may be moderated  or wholly offset  by lesser increases or decreases in the price of the other Basket Component.• Payments on the Notes Are Subject to Our Credit Risk  and Changes in Our Credit Ratings Are Expected to Affect the Market Value of the Notes – The Notes are our senior unsecured debt securities. As a result  your receipt of the amount due on the maturity date is dependent upon our ability to repay our obligations at that time. This will be the case even if the prices of one or more of the Basket Components increase after the Trade Date. No assurance can be given as to what our financial condition will be at the maturity of the Notes.• The Payments on the Notes Are Subject to Postponement Due to Market Disruption Events and Adjustments – The Valuation Date and the payment at maturity are subject to adjustment as described in the product prospectus supplement. For a description of what constitutes a market disruption event as well as the consequences of that market disruption event  see “General Terms of the Notes—Market Disruption Events” in the product prospectus supplement.Risks Relating to the Secondary Market for the Notes• There May Not Be an Active Trading Market for the Notes – Sales in the Secondary Market May Result in Significant Losses – There may be little or no secondary market for the Notes. The Notes will not be listed on any securities exchange. RBCCM and our other affiliates may make a market for the Notes; however  they are not required to do so. RBCCM or any of our other affiliates may stop any market-making activities at any time. Even if aBuffered Enhanced Return Notes Linked to a Basket of Two Exchange Traded Fundssecondary market for the Notes develops  it may not provide significant liquidity or trade at prices advantageous to you. We expect that transaction costs in any secondary market would be high. As a result  the difference between bid and asked prices for your Notes in any secondary market could be substantial.Risks Relating to the Initial Estimated Value of the Notes• The Initial Estimated Value of the Notes Will Be Less than the Price to the Public – The initial estimated value that will be set forth in the final pricing supplement for the Notes will not represent a minimum price at which we  RBCCM or any of our affiliates would be willing to purchase the Notes in any secondary market (if any exists) at any time. If you attempt to sell the Notes prior to maturity  their market value may be lower than the price you paid for them and the initial estimated value. This is due to  among other things  changes in the prices of the Basket Components  the borrowing rate we pay to issue securities of this kind  and the inclusion in the price to the public of the underwriting discount and the estimated costs relating to our hedging of the Notes. These factors  together with various credit  market and economic factors over the term of the Notes  are expected to reduce the price at which you may be able to sell the Notes in any secondary market and will affect the value of the Notes in complex and unpredictable ways. Assuming no change in market conditions or any other relevant factors  the price  if any  at which you may be able to sell your Notes prior to maturity may be less than your original purchase price  as any such sale price would not be expected to include the underwriting discount and the hedging costs relating to the Notes. In addition to bid-ask spreads  the value of the Notes determined for any secondary market price is expected to be based on the secondary rate rather than the internal funding rate used to price the Notes and determine the initial estimated value. As a result  the secondary price will be less than if the internal funding rate was used. The Notes are not designed to be short-term trading instruments. Accordingly  you should be able and willing to hold your Notes to maturity.• The Initial Estimated Value of the Notes that We Will Provide in the Final Pricing Supplement Will Be an Estimate Only  Calculated as of the Time the Terms of the Notes Are Set – The initial estimated value of the Notes will be based on the value of our obligation to make the payments on the Notes  together with the mid-market value of the derivative embedded in the terms of the Notes. See “Structuring the Notes” below. Our estimate will be based on a variety of assumptions  including our credit spreads  interest rates and volatility  and the expected term of the Notes. These assumptions are based on certain forecasts about future events  which may prove to be incorrect. Other entities may value the Notes or similar securities at a price that is significantly different than we do.The value of the Notes at any time after the Trade Date will vary based on many factors  including changes in market conditions  and cannot be predicted with accuracy. As a result  the actual value you would receive if you sold the Notes in any secondary market  if any  should be expected to differ materially from the initial estimated value of your Notes.Risks Relating to the Basket Components• The Price of Each Basket Component Is Linked Closely to the Price of The Commodity That It Holds  Which May Change Unpredictably and Affect the Value of the Notes In Unforeseeable Ways — Each Basket Component attempts to mirror as closely as possible  before fees and expenses  the performance of the price of gold or silver  as applicable. As a result  the value of the Basket relates directly to the value of these metals. Investments in securities linked to an exchange traded fund such as the GLD and the SLV  which are linked to the price of a single commodity  may be considered speculative. The markets for gold and silver are generally subject to temporary distortions or other disruptions due to various factors  including a lack of liquidity in the markets  the participation of speculators  and government regulation and intervention.The methods for determining the prices of gold and silver held by each Basket Component  as described below  are not the same as U.S. futures markets. For example  there are no daily price limits that would otherwise restrict the extent of daily fluctuations in the prices of the commodities in these markets. In a declining market  therefore  it is possible that prices would continue to decline without limitation within a trading day or over a period of trading days.Buffered Enhanced Return Notes Linked to a Basket of Two Exchange Traded FundsGold and silver prices are subject to volatile price movements over short periods of time and are affected by numerous factors. These include economic factors  including the structure of and confidence in the global monetary system  expectations of the future rate of inflation  the relative strength of  and confidence in  the U.S. dollar (the currency in which the prices of these metals are generally quoted)  interest rates and gold and silver borrowing and lending rates  and global or regional economic  financial  political  regulatory  judicial  or other events. Gold and silver prices may also be affected by industry factors such as industrial and jewelry demand  lending  sales and purchases of these metals by the official sector  including central banks and other governmental agencies and multilateral institutions that hold gold and silver  levels of gold and silver production and production costs in the countries in which these metals are mined  and short-term changes in supply and demand because of investment  trading and hedging activities in the gold and silver markets  including trading activities of hedge funds and commodity funds. It is not possible to predict the aggregate effect of all or any combination of these factors.• Investing in the Notes Linked to the Basket Is Not the Same as Investing Directly in Gold or Silver  as Applicable — The performance of a Basket Component may not fully replicate the price of gold or silver  as applicable  due to the fees and expenses charged by that Basket Component  restrictions on access to gold or silver or other circumstances. The Basket Components do not generate any income  and as a Basket Component regularly sells its asset to pay for its ongoing expenses  the amount of asset represented by that Basket Component may gradually decline over time. A Basket Component sells its asset to pay expenses on an ongoing basis irrespective of whether the trading price of its asset rises or falls in response to changes in the price of its asset. The sale of a Basket Component’s asset to pay expenses at a time of low asset prices could adversely affect the value of that Basket Component. Additionally  there is a risk that part or all of a Basket Component’s asset could be lost  damaged or stolen due to war  terrorism  theft  natural disaster or otherwise.• Changes in the Methodology Used to Calculate the Gold or Silver Spot Price or Changes in Laws or Regulations Which Affect the Price of Gold or Silver May Affect the Value of the Notes — The London Bullion Market Association (the “LBMA”) sets the fixings of gold (the “gold spot price”) and silver (the ""silver spot price"") used to determine the value of gold and silver held by the Basket Components  and may adjust the determination of the gold spot price or spot price in a way that adversely affects the value of the Notes. In setting these prices  the LBMA has no obligation to consider your interests. The LBMA may from time to time change any rule or bylaw or take emergency action under its rules  any of which could affect the gold or silver spot price. Any change of this kind could cause a decrease in the gold or silver spot price  which would adversely affect the value of the Notes.In addition  the price of gold or silver could be adversely affected by the promulgation of new laws or regulations or by the reinterpretation of existing laws or regulations (including  without limitation  those relating to taxes and duties on commodities or commodity components) by one or more governments  governmental agencies  courts  or other official bodies. Any event of this kind could adversely affect the gold or silver spot price and  as a result  could adversely affect the value of the Notes.• There Are Risks Associated with the LBMA Gold Price and the LBMA Silver Price — The gold and silver held by the Basket Components is valued based upon the ""LBMA Gold Price"" and the “LBMA Silver Price”. The LBMA Silver Price is a silver price benchmark mechanism administered by ICE Benchmark Administration (“IBA”)  an independent specialist benchmark administrator appointed by London Bullion Market Association. These prices are determined using an electronic auction. Electronic markets are not exempt from failures. In addition  electronic trading platforms may be subject to influence by high-frequency traders with results that are highly contested by the industry  regulators and market observers. It is possible that electronic failures or other unanticipated events may occur that could result in delays in the announcement of  or the inability of the system to produce  an LBMA Gold Price or an LBMA Silver Price on any given day. Furthermore  if a perception were to develop that these prices are vulnerable to manipulation attempts  or if the proceedings surrounding the determination and publication of these prices were seen as unfair  biased or otherwise compromised by the markets  the behavior of investors and traders in gold or silver may change  and those changes may have an effect on the price of gold or silver (and  consequently  the value of the Basket Components). In any of these circumstances  the intervention of extraneous events disruptive of the normal interaction of supply and demand of gold or silver at any given time  may result in distorted prices and losses in valueBuffered Enhanced Return Notes Linked to a Basket of Two Exchange Traded Fundsof a Basket Component that  but for such extraneous events  might not have occurred. The LBMA may alter  discontinue or suspend calculation or dissemination of the LBMA Gold Price or the LBMA Silver Price  which could adversely affect the value of the Notes. The LBMA  or an independent service provider appointed by the LBMA  will have no obligation to consider your interests in calculating or revising the LBMA Gold Price or the LBMA Silver Price. All of these factors could adversely affect the price the Basket Components and  therefore  the return on the Notes.• Single Commodity Prices Tend to Be More Volatile Than  and May Not Correlate with  the Prices of Commodities Generally — Each Basket Component holds a single commodity and not diverse basket of commodities or components of a broad-based commodity index. Each Basket Component’s asset may not correlate to the price of commodities generally and may diverge significantly from the prices of commodities generally. As a result  the Notes carry greater risk and may be more volatile than a security linked to the prices of more commodities or a broad-based commodity index.• You Will Not Have Any Rights to the Assets Included in the Basket Components – As a holder of the Notes  you will not have the right to receive any of the commodities held by the Basket Components. Similarly  you will not have any of the rights that holders of the Basket Components would have.• Adjustments to the Basket Components Could Adversely Affect the Notes — The sponsor of each of the Basket Components is responsible for calculating and maintaining each Basket Component. The sponsor can take actions to can add  delete or substitute the assets held by the applicable Basket Components. The sponsor may make other methodological changes that could change the share price of one or more of the Basket Components at any time. If one or more of these events occurs  the calculation of the amount payable at maturity may be adjusted to reflect such event or events. Consequently  any of these actions could adversely affect the amount payable at maturity and/or the market value of the Notes.• We and Our Affiliates Do Not Have Any Affiliation with the Sponsor of Either Basket Component and Are Not Responsible for Their Public Disclosure of Information — We and our affiliates are not affiliated with these sponsors in any way and have no ability to control or predict their actions  including any errors in or discontinuance of disclosure regarding its methods or policies relating to the Basket Components. The sponsors are not involved in the offering of the Notes in any way and have no obligation to consider your interests as an owner of the Notes in taking any actions relating to the Basket Components that might affect the value of the Notes. Neither we nor any of our affiliates has independently verified the adequacy or accuracy of the information about the sponsors or the Basket Components contained in any public disclosure of information. You  as an investor in the Notes  should make your own investigation into the Basket Components.Risks Relating to Conflicts of Interest• Our Business Activities May Create Conflicts of Interest — We and our affiliates expect to engage in trading activities related to the Basket Components or the assets held by the Basket Components that are not for the account of holders of the Notes or on their behalf. These trading activities may present a conflict between the holders’ interests in the Notes and the interests we and our affiliates will have in their proprietary accounts  in facilitating transactions  including options and other derivatives transactions  for their customers and in accounts under their management. These trading activities  if they influence the value of the Basket  could be adverse to the interests of the holders of the Notes. These activities may present a conflict between our or one or more of our affiliates’ obligations and your interests as a holder of the Notes. Moreover  we and our affiliates may have published  and in the future expect to publish  research reports with respect to the Basket Components or the assets that they hold. This research is modified from time to time without notice and may express opinions or provide recommendations that are inconsistent with purchasing or holding the Notes. Any of these activities by us or one or more of our affiliates may affect the value of the Basket  and  therefore  the market value of the Notes.Buffered Enhanced Return Notes Linked to a Basket of Two Exchange Traded FundsINFORMATION REGARDING THE BASKET COMPONENTSInformation provided to or filed with the SEC by the Basket Components under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934  as amended  and the Investment Company Act of 1940  as amended  can be obtained through the SEC’s website at www.sec.gov. In addition  information may be obtained from other sources including  but not limited to  press releases  newspaper articles and other publicly disseminated documents. We have not participated in the preparation of  or verified  such publicly available information. None of the forgoing documents or filings are incorporated by reference in  and should not be considered part of  this document.The following information regarding the Basket Components is derived from publicly available information.We have not independently verified the accuracy or completeness of reports filed by the Basket Components with the SEC  information published by them on their websites or in any other format  information about them obtained from any other source or the information provided below.The Notes are not sponsored  endorsed  sold or promoted by the Basket Components' sponsor  or any of the other entities described in this section. These parties have no obligation or liability in connection with the operation  marketing  trading or sale of the Notes.The SPDR® Gold SharesThis Basket Component issues SPDR® Gold Shares  or the “Shares ” which represent units of fractional undivided beneficial interest in and ownership of the Basket Component. World Gold Trust Services  LLC is the sponsor of this Basket Component  or the Sponsor. BNY Mellon Asset Servicing  a division of The Bank of New York Mellon  is the trustee of this Basket Component  or the Trustee  HSBC Bank plc is the custodian of this Basket Component  or the Custodian  and State Street Global Advisors Funds Distributors  LLC is the marketing agent of this Basket Component  or the Marketing Agent. This Basket Component intends to issue additional Shares on a continuous basis through its Trustee. This Basket Component is not a commodity pool for purposes of the Commodity Exchange Act of 1936  as amended  and its sponsor is not subject to regulation by the Commodity Futures Trading Commission as a commodity pool operator  or a commodity trading advisor.The Shares trade on NYSE Arca  Inc.  or NYSE Arca  under the symbol “GLD.”The Shares may be purchased from this Basket Component only in one or more blocks of 100 000 Shares (a block of 100 000 Shares is called a Basket). The Basket Component issues Shares in Baskets to certain authorized participants  or the Authorized Participants  on an ongoing basis. Baskets are offered continuously at the net asset value  or the NAV  for 100 000 Shares on the day that an order to create a Basket is accepted by the Trustee.The investment objective of this Basket Component is to reflect the performance of the price of gold bullion  less the Basket Component’s expenses. The Basket Component holds gold bars. The Basket Component issues shares in exchange for deposits of gold and distributes gold in connection with the redemption of shares. The Shares of the Basket Component are intended to offer investors an opportunity to participate in the gold market through an investment in securities. The ownership of the Shares of the Basket Component is intended to overcome certain barriers to entry in the gold market  such as the logistics of buying  storing and insuring gold.The Shares of the Basket Component represent units of fractional undivided beneficial interest in and ownership of the Basket Component  the primary asset of which is allocated (or secured) gold. The Basket Component is not managed like a corporation or an active investment vehicle. The gold held by the Basket Component will be sold only: (1) on an as-needed basis to pay the Basket Component’s expenses  (2) in the event the Basket Component terminates and liquidates its assets or (3) as otherwise required by law or regulation.Buffered Enhanced Return Notes Linked to a Basket of Two Exchange Traded FundsCreation and RedemptionThe Basket Component creates and redeems the Shares from time to time  but only in one or more baskets (a “basket” equals a block of 100 000 shares). The creation and redemption of baskets requires the delivery to the Basket Component or the distribution by the Basket Component of the amount of gold and any cash represented by the baskets being created or redeemed  the amount of which is based on the combined net asset value of the number of Shares included in the baskets being created or redeemed. The initial amount of gold required for deposit with the Basket Component to create shares for the period from the formation of the Basket Component to the first day of trading of the Shares on the NYSE was 10 000 ounces per basket. The number of ounces of gold required to create a basket or to be delivered upon the redemption of a basket gradually decreases over time  due to the accrual of the Basket Component’s expenses and the sale of the Basket Component’s gold to pay the Basket Component’s expenses. Baskets may be created or redeemed only by authorized participants  who pay a transaction fee for each order to create or redeem baskets and may sell the Shares included in the baskets they create to other investors.Valuation of Gold; Computation of Net Asset ValueThe Trustee determines the NAV of the Basket Component on each day that NYSE Arca is open for regular trading at the earlier of (i) the afternoon session of the twice daily determination of the price of an ounce of gold through an auction by the London Bullion Market Association  or LBMA  administered by the ICE Benchmark Administration  or the IBA  which starts at 3:00 PM London  England time  or the LBMA Gold Price PM  or (ii) 12:00 PM New York time. The LBMA Gold Price PM is determined by participants in a physically settled  electronic and tradable auction. The LBMA Gold Price PM replaced the previously established London PM Gold Fix on March 20  2015. The NAV of the Basket Component is the aggregate value of the Basket Component’s assets less its estimated accrued but unpaid liabilities (which include accrued expenses). In determining the Basket Component’s NAV  the Trustee values the gold held by the Basket Component based on the LBMA Gold Price PM for an ounce of gold. The Trustee also determines the NAV per Share.The Custodian is HSBC Bank plc and is responsible for the safekeeping of the Basket Component’s gold bars transferred to it in connection with the creation of Baskets by Authorized Participants. The Custodian also facilitates the transfer of gold in and out of the Basket Component through gold accounts it maintains for Authorized Participants and the Basket Component. The Custodian is a market maker  clearer and approved weigher under the rules of the LBMA.The iShares® Silver TrustThe SLV trades under the ticker symbol “SLV” on NYSE Arca  Inc. The sponsor of this Basket Component is iShares Delaware Trust Sponsor LLC (""iShares Delaware"")  a Delaware limited liability company and an indirect subsidiary of BlackRock  Inc.(“BlackRock”)The Bank of New York Mellon is the trustee of the SLV  and JPMorgan Chase Bank  N.A.  London branch is the custodian of the SLV.The SLV seeks to reflect generally the price of silver before the payment of its expenses and liabilities. The assets of the SLV consist primarily of silver held by the custodian on behalf of the SLV. The SLV issues shares in exchange for deposits of silver and distributes silver in connection with the redemption of shares. The SLV issues shares in baskets of 50 000 or integral multiples of 50 000. Baskets may be redeemed by the SLV in exchange for the amount of silver corresponding to their redemption value. The shares of the SLV are intended to constitute a simple and cost-effective means of making an investment similar to an investment in silver.The shares of the SLV represent units of fractional undivided beneficial interest in and ownership of the SLV. The SLV is a passive investment vehicle and the trustee of the SLV does not actively manage the silver held by the SLV. The trustee of the SLV sells silver held by the SLV to pay the SLV’s expenses on an as-needed basis irrespective of then-current silver prices. Currently  the SLV’s only ordinary recurring expense is expected to be iShares Delaware’s fee. The trustee of the SLV will  when directed by iShares Delaware  and  in the absence of such direction  may  in its discretion  sell silver in such quantity and at such times as may be necessary to permit payment of iShares Delaware’s fee and of SLV expenses or liabilities not assumed by iShares Delaware.Buffered Enhanced Return Notes Linked to a Basket of Two Exchange Traded FundsOn each business day  as soon as practicable after 4:00 p.m. (New York time)  the trustee evaluates the silver held by the SLV and determines the net asset value of the SLV and the NAV. For purposes of making these calculations  a business day means any day other than a day when NYSE Arca is closed for regular trading. The trustee values the silver held by the SLV using that day's LBMA Silver Price. The LBMA Silver Price is the price per ounce  in U.S. dollars  of unallocated deliver delivered in London determined by the IBA following an electronic auction consisting of one or more 30-second rounds starting at 12:00 p.m. (London time) on each day that the London silver market is open for business and published shortly thereafter. At the start of each round of auction  the IBA publishes a price for that round. Participants will then have 30 seconds to enter  change or cancel their orders. At the end of each round  order entry is frozen  and the system checks to see if the imbalance (i.e.  the difference between buying and selling) is within the threshold (normally 500 000 ounces of silver). If the imbalance is outside the threshold at the end of a round  then the auction is not balanced  the price is adjusted and a new round starts. If the imbalance is within the threshold then the auction is finished  and the price is set as the LBMA Silver Price for that day.According to the SLV’s prospectus  the SLV is not a mutual fund or any other type of investment company within the meaning of the Investment Company Act and is not subject to regulation thereunder. The SLV is not a commodity pool within the meaning of the Commodity Exchange Act  as amended  and is not subject to regulation thereunder  and iShares Delaware is not subject to regulation by the Commodity Futures Trading Commission as a commodity pool operator or a commodity trading advisor.Buffered Enhanced Return Notes Linked to a Basket of Two Exchange Traded FundsHISTORICAL INFORMATIONThe graphs below set forth the information relating to the historical performance of the Basket Components. We obtained the information in the graphs below from Bloomberg Financial Markets. We have not independently verified the accuracy or completeness of the information obtained from Bloomberg Financial Markets.The historical performance of any Basket Component should not be taken as an indication of its future performance  and no assurance can be given as to the prices of the Basket Components at any time. We cannot give you assurance that the performance of the Basket Components will not result in the loss a significant portion of your investment.Historical Information for the SPDR® Gold SharesThe graph below illustrates the performance of this Basket Component from January 1  2012 to April 12  2022.Buffered Enhanced Return Notes Linked to a Basket of Two Exchange Traded FundsHistorical Information for the iShares® Silver Trust.The graph below illustrates the performance of this Basket Component from January 1  2012 to April 12  2022.Buffered Enhanced Return Notes Linked to a Basket of Two Exchange Traded FundsSUPPLEMENTAL DISCUSSION OFU.S. FEDERAL INCOME TAX CONSEQUENCESThe following disclosure supplements  and to the extent inconsistent supersedes  the discussion in the product prospectus supplement dated September 14  2021 under “Supplemental Discussion of U.S. Federal Income Tax Consequences.”Under Section 871(m) of the Code  a “dividend equivalent” payment is treated as a dividend from sources within the United States. Such payments generally would be subject to a 30% U.S. withholding tax if paid to a non-U.S. holder. Under U.S. Treasury Department regulations  payments (including deemed payments) with respect to equity-linked instruments (“ELIs”) that are “specified ELIs” may be treated as dividend equivalents if such specified ELIs reference  directly or indirectly  an interest in an “underlying security ” which is generally any interest in an entity taxable as a corporation for U.S. federal income tax purposes if a payment with respect to such interest could give rise to a U.S. source dividend. However  the IRS has issued guidance that states that the U.S. Treasury Department and the IRS intend to amend the effective dates of the U.S. Treasury Department regulations to provide that withholding on dividend equivalent payments will not apply to specified ELIs that are not delta-one instruments and that are issued before January 1  2023. Based on our determination that the Notes are not delta-one instruments  non-U.S. holders should not be subject to withholding on dividend equivalent payments  if any  under the Notes. However  it is possible that the Notes could be treated as deemed reissued for U.S. federal income tax purposes upon the occurrence of certain events affecting the Basket Components or the Notes  and following such occurrence the Notes could be treated as subject to withholding on dividend equivalent payments. Non-U.S. holders that enter  or have entered  into other transactions in respect of the Reference Asset or the Notes should consult their tax advisors as to the application of the dividend equivalent withholding tax in the context of the Notes and their other transactions. If any payments are treated as dividend equivalents subject to withholding  we (or the applicable withholding agent) would be entitled to withhold taxes without being required to pay any additional amounts with respect to amounts so withheld.Under Section 1260 of the Code  “net underlying long-term capital gain” on the Notes may be subject to tax at higher rates applicable to “collectibles” instead of the general rates that apply to long term capital gain.Buffered Enhanced Return Notes Linked to a Basket of Two Exchange Traded FundsSUPPLEMENTAL PLAN OF DISTRIBUTION (CONFLICTS OF INTEREST)We expect that delivery of the Notes will be made against payment for the Notes on or about April 29  2022  which is the third (3rd) business day following the Trade Date (this settlement cycle being referred to as “T+3”). See “Plan of Distribution” in the prospectus dated September 14  2021. For additional information as to the relationship between us and RBCCM  please see the section “Plan of Distribution—Conflicts of Interest” in the prospectus dated September 14  2021.We expect to deliver the Notes on a date that is greater than two business days following the Trade Date. Under Rule 15c6-1 of the Exchange Act  trades in the secondary market generally are required to settle in two business days  unless the parties to any such trade expressly agree otherwise. Accordingly  purchasers who wish to trade the Notes more than two business days prior to the original issue date will be required to specify alternative arrangements to prevent a failed settlement.In the initial offering of the Notes  they will be offered to investors at a purchase price equal to par  except with respect to certain accounts as indicated on the cover page of this document. In addition to the underwriting discount set forth on the cover page  we or one of our affiliates may also pay a fee to a broker-dealer that is unaffiliated with us for providing certain electronic platform services with respect to this offering.The value of the Notes shown on your account statement may be based on RBCCM’s estimate of the value of the Notes if RBCCM or another of our affiliates were to make a market in the Notes (which it is not obligated to do). That estimate will be based upon the price that RBCCM may pay for the Notes in light of then prevailing market conditions  our creditworthiness and transaction costs. For a period of approximately 6 months after the issue date of the Notes  the value of the Notes that may be shown on your account statement may be higher than RBCCM’s estimated value of the Notes at that time. This is because the estimated value of the Notes will not include the underwriting discount and our hedging costs and profits; however  the value of the Notes shown on your account statement during that period may initially be a higher amount  reflecting the addition of RBCCM’s underwriting discount and our estimated costs and profits from hedging the Notes. This excess is expected to decrease over time until the end of this period. After this period  if RBCCM repurchases your Notes  it expects to do so at prices that reflect their estimated value.We may use this terms supplement in the initial sale of the Notes. In addition  RBCCM or another of our affiliates may use this terms supplement in a market-making transaction in the Notes after their initial sale. Unless we or our agent informs the purchaser otherwise in the confirmation of sale  this terms supplement is being used in a market-making transaction.STRUCTURING THE NOTESThe Notes are our debt securities  the return on which is linked to the performance of the Basket Components. As is the case for all of our debt securities  including our structured notes  the economic terms of the Notes reflect our actual or perceived creditworthiness at the time of pricing. In addition  because structured notes result in increased operational  funding and liability management costs to us  we typically borrow the funds under these Notes at a rate that is more favorable to us than the rate that we might pay for a conventional fixed or floating rate debt security of comparable maturity. Using this relatively lower implied borrowing rate rather than the secondary market rate  is a factor that is likely to reduce the initial estimated value of the Notes at the time their terms are set. Unlike the estimated value that will be set forth on the cover page of the final pricing supplement  any value of the Notes determined for purposes of a secondary market transaction may be based on a different funding rate  which may result in a lower value for the Notes than if our initial internal funding rate were used.In order to satisfy our payment obligations under the Notes  we may choose to enter into certain hedging arrangements (which may include call options  put options or other derivatives) on the issue date with RBCCM or one of our other subsidiaries. The terms of these hedging arrangements take into account a number of factors  including our creditworthiness  interest rate movements  the volatility of the Basket Components  and the tenor of the Notes. The economic terms of the Notes and their initial estimated value depend in part on the terms of these hedging arrangements.The lower implied borrowing rate is a factor that reduces the economic terms of the Notes to you. The initial offering price of the Notes also reflects the underwriting commission and our estimated hedging costs. These factors result in the initial estimated value for the Notes on the Trade Date being less than their public offering price. See “Selected Risk Considerations—The Initial Estimated Value of the Notes Will Be Less than the Price to the Public” above.",neutral,0.01,0.98,0.01,negative,0.02,0.21,0.77,True,English,"['FWP ROYAL BANK', 'Form', 'CANADA', 'U.S. Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation', 'Canada Deposit Insurance Corporation Act', 'U.S. government agency', 'Per Note Total Price', 'Two Exchange Traded Funds', 'Buffered Enhanced Return Notes', 'two exchange-traded funds', 'iShares® Silver Trust', 'RBC Capital Markets', 'SPDR® Gold Shares', 'Selected Risk Considerations', 'respective Component Weights', 'initial estimated value', 'fee-based advisory accounts', 'Additional Risk Factors', 'preliminary terms supplement', 'final pricing supplement', 'Product Prospectus Supplement', 'public offering price', 'state securities commission', 'The Basket Components', 'The Maturity Date', 'initial value', 'securities exchange', 'Maximum Return', 'Exchange Commission', 'credit risk', 'common shares', 'actual value', 'many factors', 'Pricing Date', 'Registration Statement', 'Royal Bank', 'Percentage Change', 'Trade Date', 'Issue Date', 'other Canadian', 'criminal offense', 'Underwriting discounts', 'sole discretion', 'Supplemental Plan', 'Reference Asset', 'Valuation Date', 'other disruptions', 'principal amount', 'other dealers', 'The Notes', 'CUSIP number', 'Summary” section', 'minimum denominations', 'weighted basket', 'selling concessions', 'detailed information', 'Rule', 'Completion', 'April', 'September', 'March', 'performance', 'investment', 'payments', 'May', 'interest', 'risks', 'page', 'PS', 'deposits', 'instrumentality', 'conversion', 'subsection', 'representation', 'contrary', 'commissions', 'Proceeds', 'sale', 'investors', 'RBCCM', 'agent', 'portion', 'Distribution', 'Conflicts', 'time', 'accuracy', 'determination', 'Issuer', 'Underwriter', 'LLC', 'level', 'table', 'excess', 'extension']",2022-04-15,2022-04-15,streetinsider.com
2991,Euroclear,Bing API,https://www.zawya.com/en/markets/equities/pact-to-enhance-omans-connectivity-with-global-financial-markets-utu8xc27,Pact to enhance Oman’s connectivity with global financial markets,Collaborated with Euroclear Bank SA/NV based in Belgium to establish a new Euroclear international central securities depository (CSD) account in Oman,The Capital Market Authority (CMA) together with the Muscat Clearing & Depository Company SAOC (MCD) have collaborated with Euroclear Bank SA/NV based in Belgium to establish a new Euroclear international central securities depository (CSD) account in the Sultanate of Oman which will be operated by MCD.Abdullah bin Salem al Salmi  Executive President of the CMA  said  “This important initiative led by the CMA is part of our continuous efforts to enhance and develop the financial market in the Sultanate of Oman and to enhance our global connectivity to the international financial markets.”Mohammed Abdulhadi  General Manager of MCD  commented  “With this collaboration with Euroclear Bank  MCD will be the sole point for all Euroclear transactions in Oman and we certainly look forward in working together with all market players to provide our cost effective services of Euroclear.”Bernard Ferran  General Manager  Europe  Middle East & Africa at Euroclear Bank  added  “We are pleased to see further advancements in the Omani financial markets with the opening of this account in Euroclear Bank which will create cross borders settlement efficiencies.”This new Euroclear account will provide Omani issuers and investors easier access to the global financial markets and Europe’s biggest settlement house for securities  while providing global connectivity to the Muscat Stock Exchange (MSX) and MCD through the Euroclear Bank system.As such  an investor already having an MCD account in Oman does not need to incur the additional cost nor the hassle to open another CSD account with Euroclear to invest in any instruments listed in other international financial markets connected to Euroclear.In fact  it will be a more cost effective way to maintain just one account with MCD which is connected to Euroclear Bank’s system. I n addition  in this initial stage  it will also widen the investors’ base for Oman by enhancing the ease of access and participation from foreign investors to invest in multi-currency fixed-income instruments with eurobond or Sukuk structures issued by the Oman government or Omani companies from Oman and listed on the MSX.This means that a foreign investor with an existing Euroclear account in Europe also does not need to incur the additional cost nor the hassle to open another CSD account with MCD in Oman to invest in an international eurobond or Sukuk structure issued from Oman.With easier access and more participation by foreign investors  this will hopefully encourage more primary and secondary trading activities and enhance the liquidity of the instruments and the MSX.As such  with this new initiative  we also hope to widen the issuers’ base and encourage more local and international institutions and companies to issue and dual list their multi-currency eurobonds or Sukuk in Oman and other countries connected to the Euroclear system.Al Salmi  Executive President of the CMA  also commented  “This is just the initial stage of our collaboration with Euroclear. In the next stage  we hope to provide full access to international investors with Euroclear accounts to invest and trade in any securities listed on the MSX  and not just fixed-income instruments with eurobond or Sukuk structures.”2022 © All right reserved for Oman Establishment for Press  Publication and Advertising (OEPPA) Provided by SyndiGate Media Inc. (Syndigate.info).,neutral,0.09,0.88,0.04,positive,0.7,0.28,0.02,True,English,"['global financial markets', 'Pact', 'Oman', 'connectivity', 'new Euroclear international central securities depository', 'Abdullah bin Salem al Salmi', 'cross borders settlement efficiencies', 'The Capital Market Authority', 'other international financial markets', 'Depository Company SAOC', 'biggest settlement house', 'Muscat Stock Exchange', 'secondary trading activities', 'Omani financial markets', 'global financial markets', 'cost effective services', 'cost effective way', 'new Euroclear account', 'SyndiGate Media Inc', 'Euroclear Bank SA/NV', 'existing Euroclear account', 'multi-currency fixed-income instruments', 'Euroclear Bank system', 'new initiative', 'international institutions', 'other countries', 'international investors', 'market players', 'additional cost', 'international eurobond', 'multi-currency eurobonds', 'global connectivity', 'Omani issuers', 'Euroclear transactions', 'Euroclear system', 'Euroclear accounts', 'CSD) account', 'CSD account', 'one account', 'Executive President', 'important initiative', 'continuous efforts', 'Mohammed Abdulhadi', 'General Manager', 'sole point', 'Bernard Ferran', 'Middle East', 'I n', 'initial stage', 'issuers’ base', 'dual list', 'next stage', 'Omani companies', 'investors’ base', 'foreign investors', 'easier access', 'Sukuk structures', 'full access', 'MCD account', 'Oman government', 'Oman Establishment', 'CMA', 'Belgium', 'Sultanate', 'part', 'collaboration', 'Europe', 'Africa', 'advancements', 'opening', 'MSX', 'fact', 'ease', 'hassle', 'primary', 'liquidity', 'local', 'Publication', 'Advertising', 'OEPPA', 'info']",2022-04-15,2022-04-15,zawya.com
2992,Euroclear,Twitter API,Twitter,Question I got so I work on #assets on #euroclear and #mtn yes I do.,nan,Question I got so I work on #assets on #euroclear and #mtn yes I do.,neutral,0.02,0.97,0.02,neutral,0.02,0.97,0.02,True,English,"['Question', 'Question']",2022-04-15,2022-04-15,Unknown
2993,Euroclear,Twitter API,Twitter,Crypto paytech MoonPay receives $87m from entertainment and sporting stars #AAA Websites Euroclear Fintech https://t.co/CIzizfnBEN #regtech,nan,Crypto paytech MoonPay receives $87m from entertainment and sporting stars #AAA Websites Euroclear Fintech https://t.co/CIzizfnBEN #regtech,neutral,0.01,0.97,0.02,neutral,0.01,0.97,0.02,True,English,"['Crypto paytech MoonPay', 'sporting stars', 'entertainment', 'Fintech', 'CIzizfnBEN', 'regtech', 'Crypto paytech MoonPay', 'sporting stars', 'entertainment', 'Fintech', 'CIzizfnBEN', 'regtech']",2022-04-15,2022-04-15,Unknown
2994,Euroclear,Twitter API,Twitter,ICYMI fintech funding round-up: Winden  EximPe  Uplinq  ImaliPay &amp; SwooshTransfer #AAA Websites Euroclear Fintech… https://t.co/cZkQjCovDC,nan,ICYMI fintech funding round-up: Winden  EximPe  Uplinq  ImaliPay &amp; SwooshTransfer #AAA Websites Euroclear Fintech… https://t.co/cZkQjCovDC,neutral,0.02,0.97,0.01,neutral,0.02,0.97,0.01,True,English,"['ICYMI fintech funding round-up', 'Winden', 'EximPe', 'Uplinq', 'ImaliPay', 'amp', 'SwooshTransfer', 'cZkQjCovDC', 'ICYMI fintech funding round-up', 'Winden', 'EximPe', 'Uplinq', 'ImaliPay', 'amp', 'SwooshTransfer', 'cZkQjCovDC']",2022-04-15,2022-04-15,Unknown
2995,Clearstream,Google API,https://politicalbeef.co.uk/2022/04/peripheral-vascular-devices-market-published-in-overall-study-report-2022-2032-terumo-corporation-endologix-inc-william-cook-europe-aps/,Peripheral Vascular Devices Market Published In Overall Study Report 2022-2032,9 hours ago,Global research report named Peripheral Vascular Devices market was recently published by insightSLICE to provide guidance for the business. The new research study on Peripheral Vascular Devices market highlights on the current performance as well as on the upcoming opportunities. To understand the structure of global market  the report also gives statistical data on local and global consumption. The report includes profiles of global leading industry players of Peripheral Vascular Devices market.Get Free Sample Copy of this Report @ https://www.insightslice.com/request-sample/791The researcher has added key statistics for global and regional market.Competitive Landscape:The research report offers details about leading companies in the global Peripheral Vascular Devices market along with global position  products and services portfolio and revenue contribution of each market player. Key players in the market are focusing on adopting various strategies such as mergers and acquisition  business expansion plans  new product launches  partnerships  collaborations  joint ventures to enhance their presence and gain robust ranking in the market.Some of the Leading Market Players Are Medtronic Inc.  Angiomed GmbH Co. Medizintechnik KG  Abbott Laboratories Vascular Enterprises Limited  Terumo Corporation  Endologix Inc.  William Cook Europe ApS  Bolton Medical Inc.  Jotec GmbH  ClearStream Technologies Ltd.  Aesculap AG  Bosto  and others.Market Segmentation:The Global Peripheral Vascular Devices market is analyzed based on leading segments and examines dominant product and application segments in detail. The report aims to help readers benefits from the information presented in the report. It offers key information on drivers and restraints influencing the leading segments in the global Peripheral Vascular Devices market.The Peripheral Vascular Devices market has been segmented into key regions of the world and offers an analysis of growth rate  market share  market size  current and emerging trends  demand and supply  import and export  revenue contribution  and presence of key players in each region. A country-wise analysis of the market is offered in the report to gain root-level understanding of the regional spread and progress of the Peripheral Vascular Devices market.By Region:North AmericaEuropeAsia-PacificSouth AmericaMiddle East and AfricaRequest a customization of the report @ https://www.insightslice.com/request-customization/791We also offer report customization as per clients’ research objective. Kindly contact us to know more about the customization plan and our team will offer you the best suited report at the earliest.Key Inclusions of the global Peripheral Vascular Devices Market:The report offers detailed estimations at the regional level with manufacturers  sales and import/export dynamics.The report provides accurate details related of the manufacturers/vendors in the market  company overview  pricing analysis  product portfolio  and strategic developments of leading companies.Strategic initiatives for new players in the market.The study also includes supply chain trends  including elaborate descriptions of the latest technological developmentKey questions addressed in the Report:What key players are active in the global Peripheral Vascular Devices market?What factors are expected to hamper global market revenue growth?What market size is the global Peripheral Vascular Devices market expected to reach throughout the forecast period?Which application segment revenue is expected to expand at a rapid CAGR between 2022 and 2032?Which region is expected to account for high revenue share throughout the forecast period?Which regional segment is expected to register speedy CAGR throughout the forecast period?* Get 10% Discount on Your Direct Purchase *You Can Purchase Complete [email protected] https://www.insightslice.com/buy-nowith791About Us:We are a team of research analysts and management consultants who share a common vision to help individuals and organizations achieve their short-term and long-term strategic goals by expanding high-quality research services. insightSLICE was established to support mature companies  start-ups and non-profit organizations in various industries  including packaging  automotive  healthcare  chemicals and materials  industrial automation  consumer products  electronics and semiconductors  IT and telecommunications  and energy. Our internally experienced team of analysts has extensive experience in the research industry.Contact:Alex[email protected]+1 (707) 736 6633422 Lark Center # 1001  Santa Rosa California – 95403-1408  USALinkedin|Twitter,neutral,0.01,0.97,0.02,mixed,0.57,0.16,0.26,True,English,"['Peripheral Vascular Devices Market', 'Overall Study Report', 'The Global Peripheral Vascular Devices market', 'Abbott Laboratories Vascular Enterprises Limited', 'Angiomed GmbH Co. Medizintechnik KG', 'The Peripheral Vascular Devices market', 'William Cook Europe ApS', 'global market revenue growth', 'global leading industry players', 'ClearStream Technologies Ltd.', 'latest technological development', 'clients’ research objective', 'Bolton Medical Inc.', 'long-term strategic goals', 'high revenue share', 'high-quality research services', 'Leading Market Players', 'Free Sample Copy', 'business expansion plans', 'new product launches', 'application segment revenue', 'Global research report', 'supply chain trends', 'new research study', 'global consumption', 'global position', 'research industry', 'market share', 'Jotec GmbH', 'new players', 'regional market', 'Market Segmentation', 'growth rate', 'revenue contribution', 'market size', 'leading companies', 'services portfolio', 'Key players', 'leading segments', 'application segments', 'emerging trends', 'regional segment', 'Medtronic Inc.', 'Endologix Inc.', 'dominant product', 'product portfolio', 'strategic developments', 'Strategic initiatives', 'research analysts', 'upcoming opportunities', 'statistical data', 'key statistics', 'Competitive Landscape', 'various strategies', 'joint ventures', 'robust ranking', 'Terumo Corporation', 'Aesculap AG', 'key regions', 'root-level understanding', 'regional spread', 'North America', 'South America', 'Middle East', 'Key Inclusions', 'detailed estimations', 'regional level', 'import/export dynamics', 'company overview', 'elaborate descriptions', 'Key questions', 'forecast period', 'rapid CAGR', 'speedy CAGR', 'Direct Purchase', 'management consultants', 'common vision', 'mature companies', 'various industries', 'industrial automation', 'extensive experience', '422 Lark Center', 'Santa Rosa', 'country-wise analysis', 'customization plan', 'pricing analysis', 'current performance', 'key information', 'accurate details', 'non-profit organizations', 'consumer products', 'report customization', 'insightSLICE', 'guidance', 'structure', 'local', 'profiles', 'request', 'researcher', 'mergers', 'acquisition', 'partnerships', 'collaborations', 'presence', 'Bosto', 'others', 'readers', 'benefits', 'drivers', 'restraints', 'world', 'demand', 'progress', 'Asia-Pacific', 'Africa', 'team', 'manufacturers', 'sales', 'What', 'factors', '10% Discount', 'individuals', 'short-term', 'start-ups', 'packaging', 'automotive', 'healthcare', 'chemicals', 'materials', 'electronics', 'semiconductors', 'telecommunications', 'energy', 'Contact', 'Alex', 'California', 'USA', 'Linkedin', 'Twitter']",2022-04-15,2022-04-15,politicalbeef.co.uk
2996,Clearstream,Google API,https://politicalbeef.co.uk/2022/04/self-expanding-stents-market-size-share-trends-analysis-report-2022-2029-abbott-aesculap-stryker-andramed/,Self-Expanding Stents Market Size  Share & Trends Analysis Report 2022-2029,10 hours ago,“Self-Expanding Stents market provides current effects of COVID-19 on the global or regional Self-Expanding Stents market. The global Self-Expanding Stents market share  competitive landscape  market shares  growth rate  future trends  market drivers  opportunities and challenges  sales channels and distributors are addressed in this study. The Self-Expanding Stents market study also includes an overview of revenue  sales  product demand  knowledge supply  cost and growth forecasts for 2029. This research also includes low top-to-bottom analysis  Size  producers and progress  as well as key models  standardization  organizational methods  openings and future predictions. Production  apparent consumption  exports and imports of Self-Expanding Stents in North America  Europe  China  Japan  Southeast Asia and India are categorized in this report.Get Access to PDF Sample of Global Self-Expanding Stents Market Research Report with Opportunities and Strategies to Boost Growth- COVID-19 Impact and Recovery @: https://globalmarketvision.com/sample-request/6341The authors of the report make an encyclopedic assessment of the most important regional markets and their development in recent years. Readers are provided with accurate facts and figures about the Self-Expanding Stents market and its important factors such as consumption  production  revenue growth and CAGR. The report also shares the gross margin  market share  attractiveness index and value and volume growth for all segments studied by analysts. It highlights key developments  product portfolio  markets that are served and other areas that describe the business growth for large companies that are profiled in the report.The report has been prepared using the latest methods and tools for primary and secondary research. Our analysts rely on government documents  white papers  press releases  reliable investor information  financial and quarterly reports  and public and private interviews to gather data and information about the market in which they operate.The major players covered in Self-Expanding Stents Markets:Abbott  Aesculap  Stryker  Andramed  Balton  Boston Scientific  B. Braun  Cook Medical  Terumo Europe  Biotronik  Braile  Clearstream  Cordis  ELLA-CS  Endo-Flex  Endocor  Eucatech  HEXACATH  InSitu  iVascular  Medinol  MicroVention  Pauldrach  Phenox  Rontis  Stentys.Global Self-Expanding Stents Market Segmentation:Self-Expanding Stents Market Breakdown by Type:Metallic  No-metallicSelf-Expanding Stents Market breakdown by application:Peripheral Nervous System  Digestive System  Artery  Respiratory System  Urological An assessment of the market attractiveness with regard to the competition that new players and products are likely to present to older ones has been provided in the publication. The research report also mentions the innovations  new developments  marketing strategies  branding techniques  and products of the key participants present in the global Self-Expanding Stents market. To present a clear vision of the market the competitive landscape has been thoroughly analyzed utilizing the value chain analysis. The opportunities and threats present in the future for the key market players have also been emphasized in the publication.This report aims to provide:A qualitative and quantitative analysis of the current trends  dynamics  and estimations from 2022 to 2029.The analysis tools such as SWOT analysis  Porter’s five force analysis are utilized which explains the potency of the buyers and suppliers to make profit-oriented decisions and strengthen their business.The in-depth analysis of the market segmentation helps to identify the prevailing market opportunities.In the end  this Self-Expanding Stents report helps to save you time and money by delivering unbiased information under one roof.Reasons to Purchase the report:This report provides insights into the global Self-Expanding Stents Market along with the latest market trends and future forecasts to illustrate the future investment pockets.The potential of the global Self-Expanding Stents Market is determined by understanding the effective trends to increase the company’s position in the market.This market report provides insights and detailed impact analysis on key influencers  constraints and opportunities.Five Porter strengths analysis to demonstrate the strengths of suppliers and buyers.The latest developments  market shares and strategies used by key market playersTable of ContentsGlobal Self-Expanding Stents Market Research Report 2022 – 2029Chapter 1 Self-Expanding StentsMarket OverviewChapter 2 Global Economic Impact on IndustryChapter 3 Global Market Competition by ManufacturersChapter 4 Global Production  Revenue (Value) by RegionChapter 5 Global Supply (Production)  Consumption  Export  Import by RegionsChapter 6 Global Production  Revenue (Value)  Price Trend by TypeChapter 7 Global Market Analysis by ApplicationChapter 8 Manufacturing Cost AnalysisChapter 9 Industrial Chain  Sourcing Strategy and Downstream BuyersChapter 10 Marketing Strategy Analysis  Distributors/TradersChapter 11 Market Effect Factors AnalysisChapter 12 Global Active Implantable Devices Market ForecastBuy Exclusive Report @: https://globalmarketvision.com/checkout/?currency=USD&type=single_user_license&report_id=6341If you have any special requirements  please let us know and we will offer you the report at a customized price.NOTE: Our team is studying Covid-19 and its impact on various industry verticals and wherever required we will be considering Covid-19 analysis of markets and industries. Cordially get in touch for more details.Contact UsSarah Ivans | Business DevelopmentPhone: +1-3105055739Email: [email protected]Global Market VisionWebsite: www.globalmarketvision.com,neutral,0.01,0.98,0.01,mixed,0.47,0.26,0.27,True,English,"['Trends Analysis Report', 'Share', 'Global Self-Expanding Stents Market Research Report', 'The Self-Expanding Stents market study', 'global Self-Expanding Stents market share', 'Global Self-Expanding Stents Market Segmentation', 'Self-Expanding Stents Market Breakdown', 'regional Self-Expanding Stents market', 'key market players Table', 'Five Porter strengths analysis', 'Self-Expanding Stents Markets', 'Self-Expanding Stents report', 'Global Economic Impact', 'Global Market Analysis', 'five force analysis', 'Growth- COVID-19 Impact', 'Self-Expanding StentsMarket Overview', 'Global Market Competition', 'detailed impact analysis', 'important regional markets', 'Peripheral Nervous System', 'reliable investor information', 'future investment pockets', 'latest market trends', 'Manufacturing Cost Analysis', 'prevailing market opportunities', 'Chapter 9 Industrial Chain', 'value chain analysis', 'Global Supply', 'secondary research', 'market report', 'market shares', 'market drivers', 'market attractiveness', 'Global Production', 'major players', 'new players', 'bottom analysis', 'quantitative analysis', 'SWOT analysis', 'depth analysis', 'key models', 'important factors', 'key developments', 'key participants', 'key influencers', 'latest methods', 'Digestive System', 'Respiratory System', 'latest developments', 'future trends', 'current trends', 'effective trends', 'analysis tools', 'current effects', 'competitive landscape', 'growth rate', 'product demand', 'knowledge supply', 'growth forecasts', 'organizational methods', 'future predictions', 'North America', 'Southeast Asia', 'recent years', 'accurate facts', 'gross margin', 'attractiveness index', 'volume growth', 'product portfolio', 'other areas', 'large companies', 'government documents', 'white papers', 'press releases', 'quarterly reports', 'private interviews', 'Boston Scientific', 'B. Braun', 'Cook Medical', 'new developments', 'branding techniques', 'clear vision', 'profit-oriented decisions', 'unbiased information', 'one roof', 'future forecasts', 'Price Trend', 'Sourcing Strategy', 'sales channels', 'PDF Sample', 'encyclopedic assessment', 'business growth', 'Terumo Europe', 'apparent consumption', 'marketing strategies', 'Downstream Buyers', 'revenue growth', 'Chapter 1', 'Chapter 5', 'Chapter 7', 'challenges', 'distributors', 'Size', 'producers', 'progress', 'standardization', 'openings', 'exports', 'imports', 'China', 'Japan', 'India', 'Access', 'Recovery', 'globalmarketvision', 'request', 'authors', 'Readers', 'figures', 'CAGR', 'segments', 'analysts', 'primary', 'financial', 'public', 'data', 'Abbott', 'Aesculap', 'Stryker', 'Andramed', 'Balton', 'Biotronik', 'Braile', 'Clearstream', 'Cordis', 'ELLA-CS', 'Endo-Flex', 'Endocor', 'Eucatech', 'HEXACATH', 'InSitu', 'iVascular', 'Medinol', 'MicroVention', 'Pauldrach', 'Phenox', 'Rontis', 'Stentys', 'Type', 'Metallic', 'application', 'Artery', 'regard', 'products', 'older', 'innovations', 'threats', 'qualitative', 'dynamics', 'estimations', 'potency', 'suppliers', 'time', 'money', 'Reasons', 'insights', 'potential', 'company', 'position', 'constraints', 'Contents', 'Industry', 'Manufacturers', 'Regions']",2022-04-15,2022-04-15,politicalbeef.co.uk
2997,Clearstream,Google API,https://www.defenseworld.net/2022/04/15/deutsche-borse-ag-otcmktsdboey-to-post-fy2022-earnings-of-0-88-per-share-jefferies-financial-group-forecasts.html,Deutsche Börse AG (OTCMKTS:DBOEY) to Post FY2022 Earnings of $0.88 Per Share  Jefferies Financial Group Forecasts,14 hours ago,Deutsche Börse AG (OTCMKTS:DBOEY – Get Rating) – Equities researchers at Jefferies Financial Group dropped their FY2022 earnings estimates for Deutsche Börse in a note issued to investors on Monday  April 11th. Jefferies Financial Group analyst M. Price now anticipates that the financial services provider will earn $0.88 per share for the year  down from their previous estimate of $0.90.Get Deutsche Börse alerts:DBOEY has been the subject of a number of other research reports. Deutsche Bank Aktiengesellschaft upped their price objective on shares of Deutsche Börse from €184.00 ($200.00) to €185.00 ($201.09) and gave the company a “buy” rating in a research report on Tuesday. Citigroup lowered shares of Deutsche Börse from a “buy” rating to a “neutral” rating in a research report on Wednesday  January 26th. Zacks Investment Research lowered shares of Deutsche Börse from a “hold” rating to a “sell” rating in a research report on Thursday. Morgan Stanley cut their price objective on shares of Deutsche Börse from €174.60 ($189.78) to €171.20 ($186.09) and set an “equal weight” rating for the company in a research report on Tuesday  February 15th. Finally  Royal Bank of Canada upped their price objective on shares of Deutsche Börse from €150.00 ($163.04) to €156.00 ($169.57) and gave the company a “sector perform” rating in a research report on Monday  February 28th. One research analyst has rated the stock with a sell rating  four have given a hold rating and four have assigned a buy rating to the company. Based on data from MarketBeat.com  Deutsche Börse has an average rating of “Hold” and an average price target of $151.03.Deutsche Börse stock opened at $18.14 on Thursday. The firm has a market cap of $34.47 billion  a price-to-earnings ratio of 23.56 and a beta of 0.79. Deutsche Börse has a fifty-two week low of $14.77 and a fifty-two week high of $18.44. The firm has a fifty day moving average price of $17.40 and a two-hundred day moving average price of $16.95.Deutsche Börse (OTCMKTS:DBOEY – Get Rating) last released its earnings results on Wednesday  February 9th. The financial services provider reported $0.19 earnings per share for the quarter  topping the Zacks’ consensus estimate of $0.18 by $0.01. The firm had revenue of $1.35 billion during the quarter. Deutsche Börse had a net margin of 27.59% and a return on equity of 18.26%.About Deutsche Börse (Get Rating)Deutsche BÃ¶rse AG operates as an exchange organization in Europe  the United States  and the Asia-Pacific. The company operates through seven segments: Eurex (Financial Derivatives)  EEX (Commodities)  360T (Foreign Exchange)  Xetra (Cash Equities)  Clearstream (Post-Trading)  IFS (Investment Fund Services)  and Qontigo (index and analytics business).Further ReadingReceive News & Ratings for Deutsche Börse Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Deutsche Börse and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.,neutral,0.01,0.94,0.05,negative,0.02,0.49,0.5,True,English,"['Deutsche Börse AG', 'Jefferies Financial Group Forecasts', 'FY2022 Earnings', 'OTCMKTS', 'DBOEY', 'Share', 'fifty day moving average price', 'two-hundred day moving average price', 'FREE daily email newsletter', 'Deutsche Börse AG', 'Deutsche Börse alerts', 'Deutsche BÃ¶rse AG', 'Deutsche Börse Daily', 'Jefferies Financial Group analyst', 'Deutsche Börse stock', 'concise daily summary', 'average price target', 'financial services provider', 'Investment Fund Services', 'One research analyst', 'Deutsche Bank Aktiengesellschaft', 'Zacks’ consensus estimate', 'other research reports', 'Zacks Investment Research', 'FY2022 earnings estimates', 'sector perform” rating', 'average rating', 'Financial Derivatives', 'email address', 'M. Price', 'price objective', 'previous estimate', 'Royal Bank', 'Equities researchers', 'January 26th', 'Morgan Stanley', 'equal weight', 'MarketBeat.com', 'market cap', 'earnings ratio', 'earnings results', 'net margin', 'exchange organization', 'United States', 'seven segments', 'Foreign Exchange', 'Cash Equities', 'analytics business', 'related companies', 'Get Rating', 'neutral” rating', 'sell” rating', 'sell rating', 'buy” rating', 'hold” rating', 'hold rating', 'buy rating', 'fifty-two week', 'latest news', ""analysts' ratings"", '$0.19 earnings', 'OTCMKTS', 'DBOEY', 'note', 'investors', 'Monday', 'April', 'share', 'year', 'subject', 'number', 'company', 'Tuesday', 'Citigroup', 'Wednesday', 'Thursday', 'February', 'Canada', 'data', 'firm', 'beta', 'quarter', 'revenue', 'return', 'equity', 'Europe', 'Asia-Pacific', 'Eurex', 'EEX', 'Commodities', '360T', 'Xetra', 'Clearstream', 'Post-Trading', 'IFS', 'Qontigo', 'index', 'Reading', '27.', '18.']",2022-04-15,2022-04-15,defenseworld.net
2998,Clearstream,Google API,https://politicalbeef.co.uk/2022/04/self-expanding-stents-market-global-industry-research-analysis-forecast-2022-to-2027-abbott-aesculap-stryker-andramed-balton-boston-scientific-b-braun-cook-medical-terumo-europe-biot/,Abbott  Aesculap  Stryker  Andramed  Balton  Boston Scientific  B. Braun  Cook Medical  Terumo Europe  Biotr… – Political Beef,16 hours ago,Global Self-Expanding Stents Market provides current effects of COVID-19 on the global or regional Self-Expanding Stents market. The global Self-Expanding Stents market share  competitive landscape  market shares  growth rate  future trends  market drivers  opportunities and challenges  sales channels and distributors are addressed in this study. The Self-Expanding Stents market study also includes an overview of revenue  sales  product demand  knowledge supply  cost and growth forecasts for 2028. This research also includes low top-to-bottom analysis  Size  producers and progress  as well as key models  standardization  organizational methods  openings and future predictions. Production  apparent consumption  exports and imports of Self-Expanding Stents in North America  Europe  China  Japan  Southeast Asia and India are categorized in this report.This report analyzes Self-Expanding StentsS market size (in terms of value and volume) by players  regions  product types and end industries  forecast from 2022 to 2028. It also analyzes the global market’s competitive landscape  market drivers and trends.  opportunities and challenges  risks and barriers to entry  sales channels and distributors. Self-Expanding Stents Market during the forecast period 2022-2028  the market size is expected to grow by a CAGR of one percent from US $ 2022 million to US $ 2028 million.Get Full PDF Sample Copy of Report: (Including Full TOC  List of Tables & Figures  Chart) @ https://reportsglobe.com/download-sample/?rid=358029The authors of the report make an encyclopedic assessment of the most important regional markets and their development in recent years. Readers are provided with accurate facts and figures about the Self-Expanding Stents market and its important factors such as consumption  production  revenue growth and CAGR. The report also shares the gross margin  market share  attractiveness index and value and volume growth for all segments studied by analysts. It highlights key developments  product portfolio  markets that are served and other areas that describe the business growth for large companies that are profiled in the report.The report has been prepared using the latest methods and tools for primary and secondary research. Our analysts rely on government documents  white papers  press releases  reliable investor information  financial and quarterly reports  and public and private interviews to gather data and information about the market in which they operate.Self-Expanding Stents Market Segmentation:Self-Expanding Stents Market  By Application (2016-2027)Peripheral Nervous SystemDigestive SystemArteryRespiratory SystemUrologicalSelf-Expanding Stents Market  By Product (2016-2027)MetallicNo-metallicMajor Players Operating in the Self-Expanding Stents Market:AbbottAesculapStrykerAndramedBaltonBoston ScientificB. BraunCook MedicalTerumo EuropeBiotronikBraileClearstreamCordisELLA-CSEndo-FlexEndocorEucatechHEXACATHInSituiVascularMedinolMicroVentionPauldrachPhenoxRontisStentysThe Self-Expanding Stents market report has been divided into distinct categories such as product type  application  end user and region. Each segment is rated based on CAGR  participation and growth potential. In the regional analysis  the report highlights the potential region  which is expected to generate opportunities in the global keyword market in the coming years. This segment analysis will certainly prove to be a useful tool for readers  stakeholders and market participants to get a complete picture of the global keyword market and its growth potential in the coming years.Get | Discount On The Purchase Of This Report @ https://reportsglobe.com/ask-for-discount/?rid=358029Self-Expanding Stents Market Report ScopeATTRIBUTES Description ESTIMATED YEAR 2022 BASE YEAR 2021 FORECAST YEAR 2022 to 2028 HISTORICAL YEAR 2020 SEGMENTS COVERED Types  Applications  End-Users  and more. REPORT COVERAGE Revenue Forecast  Company Ranking  Competitive Landscape  Growth Factors  and Trends BY REGION North America  Europe  Asia Pacific  Latin America  Middle East and AfricaGeographic Segment Covered in the Report:The Self-Expanding Stents report provides information on the market area  which is divided into sub-regions and countries / regions. In addition to the market share in each country and sub-region  this chapter in this report also contains information on profit opportunities. This chapter of the report mentions the market share and growth rate for each region  country and sub-region during the estimated period.North America includes the United States  Canada  and Mexicoincludes the United States  Canada  and Mexico Europe includes Germany  France  UK  Italy  Spainincludes Germany  France  UK  Italy  Spain South America includes Colombia  Argentina  Nigeria  and Chileincludes Colombia  Argentina  Nigeria  and Chile The Asia Pacific includes Japan  China  Korea  India  Saudi Arabia  and Southeast AsiaGoals and objectives of the Self-Expanding Stents Market StudyUnderstanding the opportunities and progress of Self-Expanding Stents determines market highlights  as well as key regions and countries involved in market growth.Study the different segments of the Self-Expanding Stents market and the dynamics of Self-Expanding Stents in the market.Categorize Self-Expanding Stents segments with increasing growth potential and evaluate the futuristic segment market.To analyze the most important trends related to the different segments that help to decipher and convince the Self-Expanding Stents market.To verify region-specific growth and development in the Self-Expanding Stents market.Understand the key stakeholders in the Self-Expanding Stents market and the value of the competitive image of the Self-Expanding Stents market leaders.To study key plans  initiatives and strategies for the development of the Self-Expanding Stents market.The study thoroughly examines the profiles of major market players and their major financial aspects. This comprehensive business analysis report is useful for all new and existing participants when designing their business strategies. This report covers KEYWORD’s market output  revenue  market shares and growth rates for each key company and covers breakdown data (production  consumption  revenue and market shares) by regions  type and applications. Self-Expanding Stents historical breakdown data from 2016 to 2021 and forecast for 2022-2028.Ask your queries regarding customization at @ https://reportsglobe.com/need-customization/?rid=358029Some Major Points from Table of Contents:1 Report Overview2 Market Trends and Competitive Landscape3 Segmentation of Self-Expanding Stents Market by Types4 Segmentation of Self-Expanding Stents Market by End-Users5 Market Analysis by Major Regions6 Product Commodity of Self-Expanding Stents Market in Major Countries7 North America Self-Expanding Stents Landscape Analysis8 Europe Self-Expanding Stents Landscape Analysis9 Asia Pacific Self-Expanding Stents Landscape Analysis10 Latin America  Middle East & Africa Self-Expanding Stents Landscape Analysis11 Major Players ProfileHow Reports Globe is different than other Market Research Providers:The inception of Reports Globe has been backed by providing clients with a holistic view of market conditions and future possibilities/opportunities to reap maximum profits out of their businesses and assist in decision making. Our team of in-house analysts and consultants works tirelessly to understand your needs and suggest the best possible solutions to fulfill your research requirements.Our team at Reports Globe follows a rigorous process of data validation  which allows us to publish reports from publishers with minimum or no deviations. Reports Globe collects  segregates  and publishes more than 500 reports annually that cater to products and services across numerous domains.Contact us:Mr. Mark WillamsAccount ManagerUS: +1-970-672-0390Email: [email protected]Website: Reportsglobe.com,neutral,0.01,0.98,0.01,positive,0.82,0.15,0.03,True,English,"['Boston Scientific', 'B. Braun', 'Cook Medical', 'Terumo Europe', 'Political Beef', 'Abbott', 'Aesculap', 'Stryker', 'Andramed', 'Balton', 'Biotr', 'Boston Scientific B. Braun Cook Medical', 'HISTORICAL YEAR 2020 SEGMENTS COVERED Types', 'Self-Expanding Stents Market Study U', 'Self-Expanding Stents Market Report Scope', 'The Self-Expanding Stents market study', 'global Self-Expanding Stents market share', 'Aesculap Stryker Andramed Balton', 'Self-Expanding Stents Market Segmentation', 'regional Self-Expanding Stents market', 'Full PDF Sample Copy', 'Self-Expanding StentsS market size', 'REPORT COVERAGE Revenue Forecast', 'Self-Expanding Stents report', 'global keyword market', 'Peripheral Nervous System', 'Artery Respiratory System', 'Africa Geographic Segment', 'important regional markets', 'reliable investor information', 'The Asia Pacific', 'REGION North America', 'global market', 'FORECAST YEAR', 'product types', 'market shares', 'market drivers', 'market participants', 'market area', 'Full TOC', 'regional analysis', 'BASE YEAR', 'Digestive System', 'important factors', 'revenue growth', 'Southeast Asia', 'Latin America', 'South America', 'forecast period', 'current effects', 'competitive landscape', 'growth rate', 'knowledge supply', 'growth forecasts', 'bottom analysis', 'key models', 'organizational methods', 'future predictions', 'end industries', 'one percent', 'encyclopedic assessment', 'recent years', 'accurate facts', 'gross margin', 'attractiveness index', 'key developments', 'other areas', 'business growth', 'large companies', 'latest methods', 'government documents', 'white papers', 'press releases', 'quarterly reports', 'private interviews', 'Biotronik Braile', 'InSitu iVascular', 'MicroVention Pauldrach', 'Phenox Rontis', 'distinct categories', 'end user', 'growth potential', 'coming years', 'segment analysis', 'useful tool', 'complete picture', 'ATTRIBUTES Description', 'Company Ranking', 'Growth Factors', 'Middle East', 'United States', 'Saudi Arabia', 'product demand', 'product portfolio', 'potential region', 'sales channels', 'apparent consumption', 'volume growth', 'secondary research', 'Major Players', 'Terumo Europe', 'future trends', 'profit opportunities', 'Mexico Europe', 'COVID', 'challenges', 'distributors', 'overview', 'cost', 'low', 'producers', 'progress', 'standardization', 'openings', 'Production', 'exports', 'imports', 'China', 'Japan', 'India', 'terms', 'value', 'regions', 'risks', 'barriers', 'entry', 'CAGR', 'List', 'Tables', 'Figures', 'Chart', 'reportsglobe', 'authors', 'Readers', 'analysts', 'tools', 'primary', 'financial', 'public', 'data', 'Application', 'Urological', 'Metallic', 'Abbott', 'Clearstream', 'Cordis', 'ELLA-CS', 'Endo-Flex', 'Endocor', 'Eucatech', 'HEXACATH', 'Medinol', 'Stentys', 'participation', 'stakeholders', 'Discount', 'Purchase', 'End-Users', 'countries', 'addition', 'country', 'sub-region', 'chapter', 'Canada', 'Germany', 'France', 'UK', 'Italy', 'Spain', 'Colombia', 'Argentina', 'Nigeria', 'Chile', 'Korea', 'Goals', 'objectives']",2022-04-15,2022-04-15,politicalbeef.co.uk
2999,Clearstream,Google API,https://www.streetinsider.com/SEC+Filings/Form+424B2+TORONTO+DOMINION+BANK/19917036.html,Form 424B2 TORONTO DOMINION BANK,1 day ago,Filed Pursuant to Rule 424(b)(2)Registration Statement No. 333-262557Pricing Supplement dated April 13  2022 to theProspectus Supplement dated March 4  2022 andProspectus Dated March 4  2022The Toronto-Dominion Bank $15 001 000 Callable Fixed Rate Notes Due July 18  2023The Toronto-Dominion Bank (“TD” or “we”) has offered the Callable Fixed Rate Notes due July 18  2023 (the “ Notes ”) described below.CUSIP / ISIN: 89114VBK2 / US89114VBK26The Notes will accrue interest at a fixed rate of 2.25% per annum from and including the Issue Date to but excluding the Maturity Date.TD will pay interest on the Notes quarterly on the 18th calendar day of each January  April  July and October (each an “Interest Payment Date”)  commencing on July 18  2022  and ending on the Maturity Date or Optional Redemption Date (if applicable).TD may  at its option  elect to redeem the Notes in whole  but not in part  on July 18  2022  October 18  2022  January 18  2023 and April 18  2023 (each  an “Optional Redemption Date”)  upon five Business Days’ prior written notice.Any payments on the Notes are subject to the credit risk of TD. The Notes are unsecured and are not savings accounts or insured deposits of a bank. The Notes are not insured or guaranteed by the Canada Deposit Insurance Corporation (the “CDIC”)  the U.S. Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation or any other governmental agency or instrumentality of Canada or the United States.The Notes are bail-inable debt securities (as defined in the prospectus) and subject to conversion in whole or in part – by means of a transaction or series of transactions and in one or more steps – into common shares of TD or any of its affiliates under subsection 39.2(2.3) of the Canada Deposit Insurance Corporation Act (the “CDIC Act”) and to variation or extinguishment in consequence  and subject to the application of the laws of the Province of Ontario and the federal laws of Canada applicable therein in respect of the operation of the CDIC Act with respect to the Notes. See “Description of the Debt Securities―Special Provisions Related to Bail-inable Debt Securities”  “Canadian Bank Resolution Powers” and “Risk Factors—Risks Related to the Bank’s Bail-inable Debt Securities” in the accompanying prospectus.The Notes will not be listed or displayed on any securities exchange or any electronic communications network.Investment in the Notes involves a number of risks. See “Additional Risk Factors” beginning on page P-6 herein  “Risk Factors” beginning on page S-4 of the prospectus supplement dated March 4  2022 (the “prospectus supplement”) and “Risk Factors” beginning on page 1 of the prospectus dated March 4  2022 (the “prospectus”).Neither the Securities and Exchange Commission (the “ SEC ”) nor any state securities commission has approved or disapproved of these Notes or passed upon the accuracy or the adequacy of this document  the accompanying prospectus or prospectus supplement. Any representation to the contrary is a criminal offense.We will deliver the Notes in book-entry only form through the facilities of The Depository Trust Company on the Issue Date  against payment in immediately available funds.Original Offering Price Underwriting Discount(1) Proceeds to TD(1) Per Note $1 000.00 $5.1066(2) $994.8934(2) Total $15 001 000.00 $76 604.11 $14 924 395.89(1) TD Securities (USA) LLC (“TDS”) will receive an Underwriting Discount of up to $5.90 per Note and  from such Underwriting Discount  will allow a portion of that amount to Wells Fargo Securities  LLC (“Wells Fargo Securities” and  together with TDS  the “Agents”). The Agents may allow selected dealers a selling concession of up to $3.90 per Note depending on market conditions that are relevant to the value of the Notes at the time an order to purchase the Notes is submitted to the agent. Such securities dealers may include Wells Fargo Advisors (“WFA”  the trade name of the retail brokerage business of Wells Fargo Clearing Services  LLC and Wells Fargo Advisors Financial Network  LLC)  an affiliate of Wells Fargo Securities. The per Note Underwriting Discount in the table above represents the average Underwriting Discount payable per Note. The total Underwriting Discount in the table above gives effect to the actual proceeds to TD. See “Supplemental Plan of Distribution (Conflicts of Interest)” in the prospectus supplement for further information including information regarding how we may hedge our obligations under the Notes and offering expenses. Wells Fargo Securities  LLC  a wholly owned subsidiary of Wells Fargo & Company  is an agent for the distribution of the Notes and is acting as principal. TD will reimburse TDS for certain expenses in connection with its role in the offer and sale of the Notes  and TD will pay TDS a fee in connection with its role in the offer and sale of the Notes. See “Supplemental Plan of Distribution (Conflicts of Interest)” in this pricing supplement.(2) Rounded to the nearest one-hundredth of a cent.SummaryThe information in this “Summary” section is qualified by the more detailed information set forth in this pricing supplement  the prospectus supplement and the prospectus.Issuer: The Toronto-Dominion Bank (“TD” or the “Bank”) Issue: Senior Debt Securities  Series D Original Offering Price: $1 000 per Note. See “Supplemental Plan of Distribution (Conflicts of Interest)” herein. Type of Note: Callable Fixed Rate Notes CUSIP / ISIN: 89114VBK2 / US89114VBK26 Agents: TD Securities (USA) LLC (“TDS”) and Wells Fargo Securities  LLC (“Wells Fargo Securities” and  together with TDS  the “Agents”). TDS has agreed to purchase the Notes from TD at the Original Offering Price less an Underwriting Discount of up to the Underwriting Discount set forth on the cover hereof and will allow a portion of that amount to Wells Fargo Securities. The Agents may resell the Notes to other securities dealers  including securities dealers acting as custodians  at the Principal Amount less a concession not in excess of $3.90 per Note. See “Supplemental Plan of Distribution (Conflicts of Interest)” herein. Currency: U.S. Dollars Minimum Investment: $1 000 and minimum denominations of $1 000 in excess thereof. Principal Amount & Denominations: $1 000 per Note. The Notes will be issued in denominations of $1 000 per Note and integral multiples of $1 000 in excess thereof. Issue Price: 100% of the Principal Amount per Note Pricing Date: April 13  2022 Issue Date: April 18  2022  which is two Business Days following the Pricing Date Maturity Date: July 18  2023   subject to Optional Redemption by TD  as set forth below under “Optional Redemption” prior to the Maturity Date. The Notes are not subject to repayment at the option of any holder of the Notes prior to the Maturity Date. Payment at Maturity: 100% of the Principal Amount of your Notes plus any accrued and unpaid interest. Interest Rate: 2.25% per annum  payable on each Interest Payment Date  in arrears Interest Payment Dates: Quarterly  on the 18th calendar day of each January  April  July and October  commencing on July 18  2022 and ending on the Maturity Date or Optional Redemption Date (if applicable). If a scheduled Interest Payment Date is not a Business Day  interest payments will be paid on the next following Business Day without any adjustment to the Interest Payment or any Interest Period. Interest Period: With respect to an Interest Payment Date  the period from  and including  the previous Interest Payment Date (or the Issue Date in the case of the first Interest Payment Date) to  but excluding  the next applicable Interest Payment Date. Day Count Fraction: 30/360 For the avoidance of doubt  each month is deemed to have 30 days and each year is deemed to have 360 days. Therefore  each Interest Period will be deemed to have 90 days and each year will be deemed to have 360 days  resulting in equal interest payments for each Interest Period. Optional Redemption: The Notes are redeemable by TD  in whole  but not in part  on any Optional Redemption Date at 100% of their Principal Amount together with accrued and unpaid interest (if any) from  and including  the previous Interest Payment Date to  but excluding  the applicable Optional Redemption Date. TD will provide written notice to DTC at least five (5) Business Days prior to the applicable Optional Redemption Date. In the event TD gives notice to DTC of its intention to redeem the Notes  the decision to give such notice will be subject to the prior approval of the Superintendent of Financial Institutions if such redemption would lead to a breach of TD’s Total Loss Absorbing Capacity requirements.Optional Redemption Dates: Quarterly  on July 18  2022  October 18  2022  January 18  2023 and April 18  2023. If an Optional Redemption Date is not a Business Day  then the Notes will be redeemed on the next Business Day and no interest shall be paid in respect of the delay. Business Day: Any day that is a Monday  Tuesday  Wednesday  Thursday or Friday that is neither a legal holiday nor a day on which banking institutions are authorized or required by law to close in New York City. U.S. Tax Treatment: The Notes should be treated as fixed rate debt instruments for U.S. federal income tax purposes  as discussed further herein under “Material U.S. Federal Income Tax Consequences”. Canadian Tax Treatment: Please see the discussion under the caption “Tax Consequences—Canadian Taxation” in the prospectus  which applies to your Notes. Calculation Agent: TD Listing: The Notes will not be listed or displayed on any securities exchange or any electronic communications network. Clearance and Settlement: DTC global (including through its indirect participants Euroclear and Clearstream  Luxembourg) as described under “Description of the Debt Securities—Forms of the Debt Securities” and “Ownership  Book-Entry Procedures and Settlement” in the prospectus. Terms Incorporated in the Master Note: All of the terms appearing above the item captioned “Listing” above and the terms appearing under the caption “Description of the Notes We May Offer” in the prospectus supplement  as modified by this pricing supplement. Canadian Bail-in Powers: The Notes are bail-inable debt securities (as defined in the prospectus) and subject to conversion in whole or in part – by means of a transaction or series of transactions and in one or more steps – into common shares of the Bank or any of its affiliates under subsection 39.2(2.3) of the Canada Deposit Insurance Corporation Act (the “CDIC Act”) and to variation or extinguishment in consequence  and subject to the application of the laws of the Province of Ontario and the federal laws of Canada applicable therein in respect of the operation of the CDIC Act with respect to the Notes. See “Description of the Debt Securities―Special Provisions Related to Bail-inable Debt Securities”  “Canadian Bank Resolution Powers” and “Risk Factors—Risks Related to the Bank’s Bail-inable Debt Securities” in the prospectus for a description of provisions and risks applicable to the Notes as a result of Canadian bail-in powers. Agreement with Respect to the Exercise of Canadian Bail-in Powers: By its acquisition of an interest in any Note  each holder or beneficial owner of that Note is deemed to (i) agree to be bound  in respect of the Notes  by the CDIC Act  including the conversion of the Notes  in whole or in part – by means of a transaction or series of transactions and in one or more steps – into common shares of the Bank or any of its affiliates under subsection 39.2(2.3) of the CDIC Act and the variation or extinguishment of the Notes in consequence  and by the application of the laws of the Province of Ontario and the federal laws of Canada applicable therein in respect of the operation of the CDIC Act with respect to the Notes; (ii) attorn and submit to the jurisdiction of the courts in the Province of Ontario with respect to the CDIC Act and those laws; and (iii) acknowledge and agree that the terms referred to in paragraphs (i) and (ii)  above  are binding on that holder or beneficial owner despite any provisions in the indenture or the Notes  any other law that governs the Notes and any other agreement  arrangement or understanding between that holder or beneficial owner and the Bank with respect to the Notes. Holders and beneficial owners of Notes will have no further rights in respect of their bail-inable debt securities to the extent those bail-inable debt securities are converted in a bail-in conversion  other than those provided under the bail-in regime  and by its acquisition of an interest in any Note  each holder or beneficial owner of that Note is deemed to irrevocably consent to the converted portion of the Principal Amount of that Note and any accrued and unpaid interest thereon being deemed paid in full by the Bank by the issuance of common shares of the Bank (or  if applicable  any of its affiliates) upon the occurrence of a bail-in conversion  which bail-in conversion will occur without any further action on the part of that holder or beneficial owner or the trustee; provided that  for the avoidance of doubt  this consent will not limit or otherwise affect any rights that holders or beneficial owners may have under the bail-in regime. See “Description of the Debt Securities―Special Provisions Related to Bail-inable Debt Securities”  “Canadian Bank Resolution Powers” and “Risk Factors—Risks Related to the Bank’s Bail-inable Debt Securities” in the prospectus for a description of provisions and risks applicable to the Notes as a result of Canadian bail-in powers.Additional Terms of Your NotesYou should read this pricing supplement together with the prospectus  as supplemented by the prospectus supplement  relating to our Senior Debt Securities  Series D  of which these Notes are a part. Capitalized terms used but not defined in this pricing supplement will have the meanings given to them in the prospectus supplement. In the event of any conflict  this pricing supplement will control. The Notes vary from the terms described in the prospectus supplement in several important ways. You should read this pricing supplement carefully.This pricing supplement  together with the documents listed below  contains the terms of the Notes and supersedes all prior or contemporaneous oral statements as well as any other written materials including preliminary or indicative pricing terms  correspondence  trade ideas  structures for implementation  sample structures  brochures or other educational materials of ours. You should carefully consider  among other things  the matters set forth in “Additional Risk Factors” of this pricing supplement and “Risk Factors” of the prospectus supplement and the prospectus  as the Notes involve risks not associated with conventional debt securities. We urge you to consult your investment  legal  tax  accounting and other advisors concerning an investment in the Notes. You may access these documents on the SEC website at www.sec.gov as follows (or if that address has changed  by reviewing our filings for the relevant date on the SEC website):◾ Prospectus dated March 4  2022:◾ Prospectus Supplement dated March 4  2022:Our Central Index Key  or CIK  on the SEC website is 0000947263. As used in this pricing supplement  the “Bank ” “we ” “us ” or “our” refers to The Toronto-Dominion Bank and its subsidiaries.We reserve the right to change the terms of  or reject any offer to purchase  the Notes prior to their issuance. In the event of any changes to the terms of the Notes  we will notify you and you will be asked to accept such changes in connection with your purchase. You may also choose to reject such changes  in which case we may reject your offer to purchase.Additional Risk FactorsThe Notes involve risks not associated with an investment in ordinary fixed rate notes. This section describes the most significant risks relating to the terms of the Notes. For additional information as to these risks  please see the prospectus supplement and the prospectus.Investors should consult their investment  legal  tax  accounting and other advisors as to the risks entailed by an investment in the Notes and the suitability of the Notes in light of their particular circumstances.Risks Relating to Structure and Credit CharacteristicsBecause the Notes Accrue Interest at a Fixed Interest Rate  the Amount of Interest Payable on Your Notes on Each Interest Payment Date May be Below Market Interest Rates.Because interest payable on your Notes accrues at a fixed interest rate  there can be no guarantee that the interest you will receive on one or more Interest Payment Dates will be equal to or greater than the market interest rate on such dates. We have no control over market interest rates or a number of factors that may affect market interest rates  including economic  financial  political and other events that are important in determining the existence  magnitude and longevity of these risks and their results. You should have a view as to the Interest Rate on the Notes and its level relative to market interest rates over the term of the Notes.Investors Are Subject to Our Credit Risk  and Our Credit Ratings and Credit Spreads May Adversely Affect the Market Value of the Notes.Investors are dependent on TD’s ability to pay all amounts due on the Notes on an Optional Redemption Date  Interest Payment Date and the Maturity Date  and  therefore  investors are subject to the credit risk of TD and to changes in the market’s view of TD’s creditworthiness. Any decrease in TD’s credit ratings or increase in the credit spreads charged by the market for taking TD’s credit risk is likely to adversely affect the market value of the Notes. If TD becomes unable to meet its financial obligations as they become due  investors may not receive any amounts due under the terms of the Notes.The Notes will be Subject to Risks  Including Conversion in Whole or in Part — by Means of a Transaction or Series of Transactions and in One or More Steps — into Common Shares of TD or Any of its Affiliates  Under Canadian Bank Resolution Powers.Under Canadian bank resolution powers  the CDIC may  in circumstances where TD has ceased  or is about to cease  to be viable  assume temporary control or ownership of TD and may be granted broad powers by one or more orders of the Governor in Council (Canada)  including the power to sell or dispose of all or a part of the assets of TD  and the power to carry out or cause TD to carry out a transaction or a series of transactions the purpose of which is to restructure the business of TD. If the CDIC were to take action under the Canadian bank resolution powers with respect to TD  this could result in holders or beneficial owners of the Notes being exposed to losses and conversion of the Notes in whole or in part — by means of a transaction or series of transactions and in one or more steps — into common shares of TD or any of its affiliates.As a result  you should consider the risk that you may lose all or part of your investment  including the Principal Amount plus any accrued interest  if the CDIC were to take action under the Canadian bank resolution powers  including the bail-in regime  and that any remaining outstanding Notes  or common shares of TD or any of its affiliates into which the Notes are converted  may be of little value at the time of a bail-in conversion and thereafter. See “Description of the Debt Securities―Special Provisions Related to Bail-inable Debt Securities”  “Canadian Bank Resolution Powers” and “Risk Factors—Risks Related to the Bank’s Bail-inable Debt Securities” in the accompanying prospectus for a description of provisions and risks applicable to the Notes as a result of Canadian bail-in powers.The Notes Are Subject to Early Redemption at TD's Option.TD has the option to redeem the Notes on any Optional Redemption Date  as set forth above. It is more likely that we will redeem the Notes prior to the Maturity Date in the event that the interest payable on the Notes is greater than the interest that would be payable on our other instruments of a comparable maturity  terms and credit rating trading in the market. If the Notes are redeemed prior to the Maturity Date  you may have to re-invest the proceeds in a lower rate environment.Risks Relating to Valuation and LiquidityThe Underwriting Discount  Offering Expenses and Certain Hedging Costs Are Likely to Adversely Affect Secondary Market Prices.Assuming no changes in market conditions or any other relevant factors  the price  if any  at which you may be able to sell the Notes will likely be less than the Original Offering Price. The Original Offering Price includes  and any price quoted to you is likely to exclude  the Underwriting Discount paid in connection with the initial distribution  offering expenses as well as the cost of hedging our obligations under the Notes. In addition  any such price is also likely to reflect dealer discounts  mark-ups and other transaction costs  such as a discount to account for costs associated with establishing or unwinding any related hedge transaction.There May Not Be an Active Trading Market for the Notes — Sales in the Secondary Market May Result in Significant Losses.There may be little or no secondary market for the Notes. The Notes will not be listed or displayed on any securities exchange or any electronic communications network. The Agents and their respective affiliates may make a market for the Notes; however  they are not required to do so. The Agents and their respective affiliates may stop any market-making activities at any time. Even if a secondary market for the Notes develops  it may not provide significant liquidity or trade at prices advantageous to you. We expect that transaction costs in any secondary market would be high. As a result  the difference between bid and ask prices for your Notes in any secondary market could be substantial. If you sell your Notes before the Maturity Date  you may have to do so at a substantial discount from the Original Offering Price  and as a result  you may suffer substantial losses.The Temporary Price at Which the Agents May Initially Buy The Notes in the Secondary Market May Exceed Other Secondary Market Values and  Depending on Your Broker  the Valuation Provided on Your Customer Account Statements May Not Be Indicative of Future Prices of Your Notes.Assuming that all relevant factors remain constant after the Pricing Date  the price at which the Agents may initially buy or sell the Notes in the secondary market (if the Agents make a market in the Notes  which it is not obligated to do) may  for a temporary period after the Pricing Date of the Notes  exceed the secondary market value of the Notes  as discussed further under “Supplemental Plan of Distribution (Conflicts of Interest).” During this temporary period such prices may  depending on your broker  be greater than the valuation provided on your customer account statements; you should inquire with your broker as to the valuation provided on your customer account statement. The price at which the Agents may initially buy or sell the Notes in the secondary market may not be indicative of future prices of your Notes.Risks Relating to Canadian and U.S. Federal Income TaxationSignificant Aspects of the Tax Treatment of the Notes May Be Uncertain.The U.S. tax treatment of the Notes may be uncertain. Please read carefully the section entitled “Material U.S. Federal Income Tax Consequences” below. You should consult your tax advisor about your tax situation.For a discussion of the Canadian federal income tax consequences of investing in the Notes  please see “Tax Consequences—Canadian Taxation” in the prospectus. If you are not a Non-resident Holder (as that term is defined in “Canadian Taxation” in the prospectus) for Canadian federal income tax purposes or if you acquire the Notes in the secondary market  you should consult your tax advisors as to the consequences of acquiring  holding and disposing of the Notes and receiving the payments that might be due under the Notes.Material U.S. Federal Income Tax ConsequencesGeneral The following discussion summarizes certain U.S. federal income tax consequences to U.S. Holders of the beneficial ownership and disposition of the Notes. This discussion replaces the federal income tax discussions in the prospectus supplement and prospectus. The discussion herein does not address the consequences to taxpayers subject to special tax accounting rules under Section 451(b) of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986  as amended (the “Code”).For purposes of this summary  a “U.S. Holder” is a beneficial owner of a Note that is:• an individual who is a citizen or a resident of the U.S.  for U.S. federal income tax purposes;• a corporation (or other entity that is treated as a corporation for U.S. federal income tax purposes) that is created or organized in or under the laws of the U.S. or any State thereof (including the District of Columbia);• an estate whose income is subject to U.S. federal income taxation regardless of its source; or• a trust if a court within the U.S. is able to exercise primary supervision over its administration  and one or more U.S. persons  for U.S. federal income tax purposes  have the authority to control all of its substantial decisions.For purposes of this summary  a “Non-U.S. Holder” is a beneficial owner of a Note that is:• a nonresident alien individual for federal income tax purposes;• a foreign corporation for federal income tax purposes; or• an estate or trust whose income is not subject to federal income tax on a net income basis.An individual may  subject to certain exceptions  be deemed to be a resident of the U.S. for U.S. federal income tax purposes by reason of being present in the U.S. for 31 days or more in the calendar year and for an aggregate of 183 days or more during a three-year period ending in the current calendar year (counting for such purposes all of the days present in the current year  one third of the days present in the immediately preceding year  and one sixth of the days present in the second preceding year).This summary is based on interpretations of the Code  regulations issued thereunder  and rulings and decisions currently in effect (or in some cases proposed)  all of which are subject to change. Any such change may be applied retroactively and may materially and adversely affect the U.S. federal income tax consequences described herein. In addition  this summary addresses only holders that purchase Notes at initial issuance at the Original Issue Price for U.S. federal income tax purposes  which is the first price at which a substantial amount of the Notes is sold to the public  and own Notes as capital assets and not as part of a “straddle ” “hedge ” “synthetic security ” or a “conversion transaction” for U.S. federal income tax purposes or as part of some other integrated investment. If you purchase the Notes at other than initial issuance at the Original Issue Price  you should consult your tax advisor concerning the tax consequences of your ownership of the Notes.This summary does not discuss all of the tax consequences (such as any alternative minimum tax consequences) that may be relevant to particular investors or to investors subject to special treatment under the U.S. federal income tax laws (such as banks  thrifts or other financial institutions; insurance companies; securities dealers or brokers  or traders in securities electing mark-to-market treatment; regulated investment companies or real estate investment trusts; small business investment companies; S corporations; partnerships; or investors that hold their Notes through a partnership or other entity treated as a partnership for U.S. federal income tax purposes; holders whose functional currency is not the U.S. dollar; certain former citizens or residents of the U.S.; retirement plans or other tax-exempt entities  or persons holding the Notes in tax-deferred or tax-advantaged accounts; persons that purchase or sell the Notes as part of a wash sale for tax purposes; or “controlled foreign corporations” or “passive foreign investment companies” for U.S. federal income tax purposes). This summary also does not address the tax consequences to shareholders  or other equity holders in  or beneficiaries of  a holder  or any state  local or non-U.S. tax consequences of the purchase  ownership or disposition of the Notes. Persons considering the purchase of Notes should consult their tax advisors concerning the application of U.S. federal income tax laws to their particular situations as well as any consequences of the purchase  beneficial ownership and disposition of Notes arising under the laws of any state  local or non-U.S. taxing jurisdiction.U.S. Federal Income Tax Treatment of the NotesWhile there is no authority that specifically addresses the U.S. federal income tax treatment of bail-inable debt securities such as the Notes  the Notes should be treated as indebtedness for U.S. federal income tax purposes  and the balance of this summary assumes that such Notes are treated as indebtedness for U.S. federal income tax purposes. However  the U.S. Internal Revenue Service (the “IRS”) could assert that the Notes should be treated as equity for U.S. federal income tax purposes. Nevertheless  treatment of the Notes as equity for U.S. federal income tax purposes should not result in inclusions of income that are materially different from Notes that are treated as indebtedness. If the Notes were treated as equity  it is unlikely that interest payments on the Notes that are treated as dividends for U.S. federal income tax purposes would be treated as “qualified dividend income” for U.S. federal income tax purposes and  if such dividends were not treated as qualified dividend income  amounts treated as dividends would be taxed at ordinary income tax rates. You should consult with your tax advisor regarding the appropriate characterization of bail-inable debt securities for U.S. federal income tax purposes  and the U.S. federal income and other tax consequences of any bail-in conversion.The Notes should be treated as indebtedness for U.S. federal income tax purposes as discussed above  with interest payments on the Notes taxable to a U.S. Holder as ordinary interest income at the time it accrues or is received in accordance with the U.S. Holder’s normal method of accounting for tax purposes. By purchasing the Notes  you agree to treat the Notes consistent with our treatment for all U.S. federal income tax purposes. We do not plan to request a ruling from the IRS regarding the tax treatment of the Notes  and the IRS or a court may not agree with the tax treatment described in this pricing supplement. We urge you to consult your tax advisor as to the tax consequences of your investment in the Notes.Based on certain factual representations received from us  our special U.S. tax counsel  Fried  Frank  Harris  Shriver & Jacobson LLP  is of the opinion that the Notes should be treated in the manner described above. However  the U.S. federal income tax treatment of the Notes is uncertain.Sale  Exchange  Early Redemption or Maturity of the NotesUpon the disposition of a Note by sale  exchange  early redemption  maturity or other taxable disposition  a U.S. Holder should generally recognize taxable gain or loss equal to the difference between (1) the amount realized on such taxable disposition (other than amounts attributable to accrued but untaxed interest) and (2) the U.S. Holder’s adjusted tax basis in the Note. A U.S. Holder’s adjusted tax basis in a Note generally will equal the U.S. Holder’s cost of the Note. Because the Note is held as a “capital asset”  as defined in Section 1221 of the Code  such gain or loss will generally constitute capital gain or loss. Capital gain of a non-corporate U.S. Holder is generally taxed at preferential rates where the holder has a holding period of greater than one year. The deductibility of a capital loss realized on the taxable disposition of a Note is subject to limitations.Medicare Tax on Net Investment IncomeU.S. Holders that are individuals  estates or certain trusts are subject to an additional 3.8% tax on all or a portion of their “net investment income ” or “undistributed net investment income” in the case of an estate or trust  which may include any income or gain realized with respect to the Notes  to the extent of their net investment income or undistributed net investment income (as the case may be) that  when added to their other modified adjusted gross income  exceeds $200 000 for an unmarried individual  $250 000 for a married taxpayer filing a joint return (or a surviving spouse)  $125 000 for a married individual filing a separate return or the dollar amount at which the highest tax bracket begins for an estate or trust. The 3.8% Medicare tax is determined in a different manner than the income tax. U.S. Holders should consult their tax advisors as to the consequences of the 3.8% Medicare tax.Specified Foreign Financial AssetsCertain U.S. Holders that own “specified foreign financial assets” in excess of an applicable threshold may be subject to reporting obligations with respect to such assets with their tax returns  especially if such assets are held outside the custody of a U.S. financial institution. U.S. Holders are urged to consult their tax advisors as to the application of this reporting obligation to their ownership of the Notes.Tax Treatment of Non-U.S. HoldersIn general and subject to the discussion below  if you are a Non-U.S. Holder  you should generally not be subject to U.S. federal income or withholding tax with respect to payments on your Notes or to generally applicable information reporting and backup withholding requirements with respect to payments on your Notes if you comply with certain certification and identification requirements as to your non-U.S. status including providing us (and/or the applicable withholding agent) a properly executed and fully completed applicable IRS Form W-8. Gain realized from the taxable disposition of a Note generally should not be subject to U.S. tax unless (i) such gain is effectively connected with a trade or business conducted by you in the U.S.  (ii) you are a non-resident alien individual and are present in the U.S. for 183 days or more during the taxable year of such taxable disposition and certain other conditions are satisfied or (iii) you have certain other present or former connections with the U.S.Backup Withholding and Information ReportingInterest paid on  and the proceeds received from a sale  exchange  early redemption  maturity or other taxable disposition of Notes held by a U.S. Holder will be subject to information reporting unless the U.S. Holder is an “exempt recipient” and may also be subject to backup withholding if the holder fails to provide certain identifying information (such as an accurate taxpayer number) or meet certain other conditions. Amounts withheld under the backup withholding rules are not additional taxes and may be refunded or credited against your U.S. federal income tax liability  provided the required information is furnished to the IRS.Payments of principal and interest on  and proceeds from the taxable disposition of  Notes held by a Non-U.S. Holder to or through certain brokers may be subject to a backup withholding tax on “reportable payments” unless  in general  such Non-U.S. Holder complies with certain procedures or is an exempt recipient. Any such amounts so withheld from distributions on the Notes generally will be refunded by the IRS or allowed as a credit against such Non-U.S. Holder’s federal income tax  provided such Non-U.S. Holder makes a timely filing of an appropriate tax return or refund claim. Reports will be made to the IRS and to holders that are not excepted from the reporting requirements.Both U.S. and Non-U.S. Holders should consult their tax advisors regarding the U.S. federal income tax consequences of an investment in the Notes  as well as any tax consequences arising under the laws of any state  local or non-U.S. taxing jurisdiction (including that of TD).Supplemental Plan of Distribution (Conflicts of Interest)We have appointed TDS  an affiliate of TD  and Wells Fargo Securities  as the Agents for the sale of the Notes. Pursuant to the terms of a distribution agreement  TDS has agreed to purchase the Notes from TD at the Original Offering Price less an Underwriting Discount of up to the Underwriting Discount set forth on the cover page of this pricing supplement and will allow a portion of that amount to Wells Fargo Securities. The per Note Underwriting Discount in the table on the cover hereof represents the average Underwriting Discount payable per Note  and the total Underwriting Discount in the table on the cover hereof gives effect to the actual proceeds to TD. The Agents may resell the Notes to other securities dealers at the Original Offering Price of $1 000 per Note less a concession not in excess of the amount specified on the cover hereof  depending on market conditions that are relevant to the value of the Notes at the time an order to purchase the Notes is submitted to the Agent. Such securities dealers may include Wells Fargo Advisors (the trade name of the retail brokerage business of Wells Fargo Clearing Services  LLC and Wells Fargo Advisors Financial Network  LLC)  an affiliate of Wells Fargo Securities. TD will reimburse TDS for certain expenses in connection with its role in the offer and sale of the Notes  and TD will pay TDS a fee in connection with its role in the offer and sale of the Notes.Assuming that all relevant factors remain constant after the Pricing Date  the price at which the Agents may initially buy or sell the Notes in the secondary market  if any  may  for a temporary period expected to be approximately 15 months after the Issue Date  exceed the secondary market value of the Notes because  in our discretion  we may elect to effectively reimburse to investors a portion of the estimated cost of hedging our obligations under the Notes and other costs in connection with the Notes which we will no longer expect to incur over the term of the Notes. This discretionary election and the temporary reimbursement period are determined on the basis of a number of factors  including the tenor of the Notes and any agreement we may have with the distributors of the Notes. The amount of our estimated costs which we effectively reimburse to investors in this way may not be allocated ratably throughout the reimbursement period  and we may discontinue such reimbursement at any time or revise the duration of the reimbursement period after the Issue Date of the Notes based on changes in market conditions and other factors that cannot be predicted.Conflicts of Interest. TDS is an affiliate of TD and  as such  has a “conflict of interest” in this offering within the meaning of Financial Industry Regulatory Authority  Inc. (“FINRA”) Rule 5121. In addition  TD will receive the net proceeds from the initial public offering of the Notes  thus creating an additional conflict of interest within the meaning of FINRA Rule 5121. This offering of the Notes will be conducted in compliance with the provisions of FINRA Rule 5121. In accordance with FINRA Rule 5121  neither TDS nor any other affiliated agent of ours is permitted to sell the Notes in this offering to an account over which it exercises discretionary authority without the prior specific written approval of the account holder.We  TDS  another of our affiliates or third parties may use this pricing supplement in the initial sale of the Notes. In addition  we  TDS  another of our affiliates or third parties may use this pricing supplement in a market-making transaction in the Notes after their initial sale. If a purchaser buys the Notes from us  TDS  another of our affiliates or third parties  this pricing supplement is being used in a market-making transaction unless we  TDS  another of our affiliates or third parties informs such purchaser otherwise in the confirmation of sale.Selling RestrictionsArgentina . The Notes are not and will not be marketed in Argentina by means of a public offering  as such term is defined under Section 2 of Law Number 26 831  as amended. No application has been or will be made with the Argentine Comisión Nacional de Valores  the Argentine securities governmental authority  to offer the Notes in Argentina. The contents of this document have not been reviewed by the Argentine Comisión Nacional de Valores.Brazil. The Notes have not been and will not be issued nor publicly placed  distributed  offered or negotiated in the Brazilian capital markets and  as a result  have not been and will not be registered with the Comissão de Valores Mobiliáros (“CVM”). Any public offering or distribution  as defined under Brazilian laws and regulations  of the Notes in Brazil is not legal without prior registration under Law 6 385/76  and CVM applicable regulation. Documents relating to the offering of the Notes  as well as information contained therein  may not be supplied to the public in Brazil (as the offering of the Notes is not a public offering of Notes in Brazil)  nor be used in connection with any offer for subscription or sale of the Notes to the public in Brazil. Persons wishing to offer or acquire the Notes within Brazil should consult with their own counsel as to the applicability of registration requirements or any exemption therefrom.Chile. Neither the issuer nor the Notes have been registered with the Comisión Para el Mercado Financiero pursuant to Law No. 18.045  the Ley de Mercado de Valores and regulations thereunder  so they cannot be publicly offered in Chile. This pricing supplement does not constitute an offer of  or an invitation to subscribe for or purchase  the Notes in the republic of Chile  other than to individually identified buyers pursuant to a private offering within the meaning of Article 4 of the Ley de Mercado de Valores (an offer that is not addressed to the public at large or to a certain sector or specific group of the public).China. This document does not constitute an offer to sell or the solicitation of an offer to buy any Notes in the People’s Republic of China (excluding Hong Kong  Macau and Taiwan  the “ PRC ”) to any person to whom it is unlawful to make the offer or solicitation in the PRC. TD does not represent that this document may be lawfully distributed  or that any Notes may be lawfully offered  in compliance with any applicable registration or other requirements in the PRC  or pursuant to an exemption available thereunder  or assume any responsibility for facilitating any such distribution or offering. Neither this document nor any advertisement or other offering material may be distributed or published in the PRC  except under circumstances that will result in compliance with any applicable laws and regulations.Mexico. The Notes have not been registered with the National Registry of Securities maintained by the Mexican National Banking and Securities Commission and may not be offered or sold publicly in Mexico. This pricing supplement along with the accompanying prospectus supplement and accompanying prospectus may not be publicly distributed in Mexico. The Notes may only be offered in a private offering pursuant to Article 8 of the Securities Market Law.Paraguay. The sale of the Notes qualifies as a private placement pursuant to Law No. 5810/17 “Stock Market”. The Notes must not be offered or sold to the public in Paraguay  except under circumstances which do not constitute a public offering in accordance withParaguayan regulations. The Notes are not and will not be registered before the Paraguayan securities supervisory body Comisión Nacional de Valores (“CNV”) the Paraguayan private stock exchange Bolsa de Valores y Productos de Asunción (“BVPASA”). The issuer is also not registered before the CNV or the BVPASA.In no case may securities not registered before the CNV be offered to the general public via mass media such as press  radio  television  or internet when such media are publicly accessible in the Republic of Paraguay  regardless of the location from where they are issued.The privately placed Notes are not registered with the National Securities Commission  and therefore do not have tax benefits and are not negotiable through the BVPASA. Privately placed securities may have less liquidity  making it difficult to sell such securities in the secondary market  which could also affect the sale price. Private securities of issuers not registered before the CNV may not have periodic financial information or audited financial statements  which could generate greater risk to the investor due to the asymmetry of information. It is the responsibility of the investor to ascertain and assess the risk assumed in the acquisition of the Note.Peru. The Notes have not been and will not be registered with the Capital Markets Public Registry of the Capital Markets Superintendence (“SMV”) nor the Lima Stock Exchange Registry (“RBVL”) for their public offering in Peru under the Peruvian Capital Markets Law (Law No. 861/ Supreme Decree No. 093-2002) and the decrees and regulations thereunder. Consequently  the Notes may not be offered or sold  directly or indirectly  nor may this pricing supplement or any other offering material relating to the Notes be distributed or caused to be distributed in Peru to the general public. The Notes may only be offered in a private offering under Peruvian regulation and without using mass marketing  which is defined as a marketing strategy utilizing mass distribution and mass media to offer  negotiate or distribute notes to the whole market. Mass media includes newspapers  magazines  radio  television  mail  meetings  social networks  Internet servers located in Peru  and other media or technology platforms.Taiwan. The Notes may be made available outside Taiwan for purchase by Taiwan residents outside Taiwan but may not be offered or sold in Taiwan.Uruguay. The sale of the Notes qualifies as a private placement pursuant to section 2 of Uruguayan law 18 627. The Notes must not be offered or sold to the public in Uruguay  except in circumstances which do not constitute a public S-31 offering or distribution under Uruguayan laws and regulations. The Notes are not and will not be registered with the Financial Services Superintendency of the Central Bank of Uruguay.Prohibition of Sales to European Economic Area Retail InvestorsThe Notes may not be offered  sold or otherwise made available to any retail investor in the European Economic Area (“EEA”). For the purposes of this provision:(a) the expression “retail investor” means a person who is one (or more) of the following:(i) a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended  “MiFID II”); or(ii) a customer within the meaning of Directive (EU) 2016/97 (the “Insurance Distribution Directive”)  where that customer would not qualify as a professional client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or(iii) not a qualified investor as defined in Regulation (3)(e) (EU) 2017/1129 (as amended  the “Prospectus Regulation”); and(b) the expression an “offer” includes the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient information on the terms of the offer and the Notes so as to enable an investor to decide to purchase or subscribe for the Notes.Consequently no key information document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 (as amended  the “PRIIPs Regulation”) for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the EEA has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the EEA may be unlawful under the PRIIPs Regulation.Prohibition of Sales to United Kingdom Retail InvestorsThe Notes may not be offered  sold or otherwise made available to any retail investor in the United Kingdom. For the purposes of this provision:(a) the expression “retail investor” means a person who is one (or more) of the following:(i) a retail client  as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it forms part of United Kingdom domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (the “EUWA”) and the regulations made under the EUWA  subject to amendments made by the Markets in Financial Instruments (Amendment) (EU Exit) Regulations 2018 (SI 2018/1403) (as may be amended or superseded from time to time); or(ii) a customer within the meaning of the provisions of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 (as amended) (the “FSMA”) and any rules or regulations made under the FSMA to implement Directive (EU) 2016/97  where that customer would not qualify as a professional client  as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of United Kingdom domestic law by virtue of the EUWA and the regulations made under the EUWA  subject to amendments made by the Markets in Financial Instruments (Amendment) (EU Exit) Regulations 2018 (SI 2018/1403) (as may be amended or superseded from time to time); or(iii) not a qualified investor as defined in Article 2 of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA  subject to amendments made by the Prospectus (Amendment etc.) (EU Exit) Regulations 2019 (SI 2019/1234) (as may be amended or superseded from time to time) ; and(b) the expression an “offer” includes the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient information on the terms of the offer and the Notes so as to enable an investor to decide to purchase or subscribe for the Notes.Consequently no key information document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA  subject to amendments made by the Packaged Retail and Insurance-based Investment Products (Amendment) (EU Exit) Regulations 2019 (SI 2019/403) (as may be amended or superseded from time to time  the “UK PRIIPs Regulation”) for offering or selling any Notes or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the United Kingdom has been prepared and therefore offering or selling any Notes or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the United Kingdom may be unlawful under the UK PRIIPs Regulation.Validity of the NotesIn the opinion of Fried  Frank  Harris  Shriver & Jacobson LLP  as special products counsel to TD  when the Notes offered by this pricing supplement have been executed and issued by TD and authenticated by the trustee pursuant to the indenture and delivered  paid for and sold as contemplated herein  the Notes will be valid and binding obligations of TD  enforceable against TD in accordance with their terms  subject to applicable bankruptcy  insolvency  fraudulent conveyance  reorganization  moratorium  receivership or other laws relating to or affecting creditors’ rights generally  and to general principles of equity (regardless of whether enforcement is sought in a proceeding at law or in equity). This opinion is given as of the date hereof and is limited to the laws of the State of New York. Insofar as this opinion involves matters governed by Canadian law  Fried  Frank  Harris  Shriver & Jacobson LLP has assumed  without independent inquiry or investigation  the validity of the matters opined on by McCarthy Tétrault LLP  Canadian legal counsel for TD  in its opinion expressed below. In addition  this opinion is subject to customary assumptions about the trustee’s authorization  execution and delivery of the indenture and  with respect to the Notes  authentication of the Notes and the genuineness of signatures and certain factual matters  all as stated in the opinion of Fried  Frank  Harris  Shriver & Jacobson LLP dated March 4  2022 filed as an exhibit to the Current Report on Form 6-K on March 4  2022.In the opinion of McCarthy Tétrault LLP  the issue and sale of the Notes has been duly authorized by all necessary corporate action on the part of TD  and when this pricing supplement has been attached to  and duly notated on  the master note that represents the Notes  the Notes will have been validly executed and issued and  to the extent validity of the Notes is a matter governed by the laws of the Province of Ontario  or the laws of Canada applicable therein  will be valid obligations of TD  subject to the following limitations: (i) the enforceability of the Indenture is subject to bankruptcy  insolvency  reorganization  arrangement  winding up  moratorium and other similar laws of general application limiting the enforcement of creditors’ rights generally; (ii) the enforceability of the Indenture is subject to general equitable principles  including the fact that the availability of equitable remedies  such as injunctive relief and specific performance  is in the discretion of a court; (iii) courts in Canada are precluded from giving a judgment in any currency other than the lawful money of Canada; and (iv) the enforceability of the Indenture will be subject to the limitations contained in the Limitations Act  2002 (Ontario)  and such counsel expresses no opinion as to whether a court may find any provision of the Indenture to be unenforceable as an attempt to vary or exclude a limitation period under that Act. This opinion is given as of the date hereof and is limited to the laws of the Province of Ontario and the federal laws of Canada applicable thereto. In addition  this opinion is subject to: (i) the assumption that the Senior Indenture has been duly authorized  executed and delivered by  and constitutes a valid and legally binding obligation of  the Trustee  enforceable against the Trustee in accordance with its terms; and (ii) customary assumptions about the genuineness of signatures and certain factual matters all as stated in the letter of such counsel dated February 4  2022  which has been filed as Exhibit 5.2 to the Registration Statement on Form F-3 filed by TD on February 4  2022.,neutral,0.0,0.99,0.0,negative,0.02,0.3,0.68,True,English,"['TORONTO DOMINION BANK', 'Form 424B2', 'U.S. Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation', 'Original Offering Price Underwriting Discount', 'Canada Deposit Insurance Corporation Act', 'Wells Fargo Advisors Financial Network', 'Wells Fargo Clearing Services', 'Canadian Bank Resolution Powers', 'The Depository Trust Company', 'Callable Fixed Rate Notes', 'electronic communications network', 'Wells Fargo Securities', '18th calendar day', 'other governmental agency', 'retail brokerage business', 'average Underwriting Discount', 'total Underwriting Discount', 'Optional Redemption Date', 'bail-inable debt securities', 'state securities commission', 'The Toronto-Dominion Bank', 'Such securities dealers', 'Additional Risk Factors', 'Note Underwriting Discount', 'Interest Payment Date', 'federal laws', 'CDIC Act', 'securities exchange', 'Exchange Commission', 'Issue Date', 'Maturity Date', 'credit risk', 'Registration Statement', 'Pricing Supplement', 'written notice', 'savings accounts', 'insured deposits', 'United States', 'common shares', 'Special Provisions', 'criminal offense', 'selling concession', 'market conditions', 'trade name', 'actual proceeds', 'Supplemental Plan', 'nearest one-hundredth', 'The Notes', 'The Agents', 'Prospectus Supplement', 'accompanying prospectus', 'Summary” section', 'Rule', 'April', 'March', 'TD', 'CUSIP', 'ISIN', '89114VBK2', 'annum', 'January', 'July', 'October', 'part', 'payments', 'instrumentality', 'conversion', 'means', 'transaction', 'series', 'steps', 'affiliates', 'subsection', 'variation', 'extinguishment', 'consequence', 'application', 'Province', 'Ontario', 'respect', 'operation', 'Description', 'Risks', 'Investment', 'number', 'page', 'accuracy', 'adequacy', 'document', 'representation', 'contrary', 'book-entry', 'form', 'facilities', 'funds', 'USA', 'LLC', 'portion', 'amount', 'value', 'time', 'order', 'WFA', 'table', 'effect', 'Distribution', 'Conflicts', 'obligations', 'expenses', 'subsidiary', 'principal', 'connection', 'role', 'sale', 'fee', 'cent']",2022-04-15,2022-04-15,streetinsider.com
3000,Clearstream,Google API,https://www.streetinsider.com/SEC+Filings/Form+FWP+ROYAL+BANK+OF+CANADA+Filed+by%3A+ROYAL+BANK+OF+CANADA/19917099.html,Form FWP ROYAL BANK OF CANADA Filed by: ROYAL BANK OF CANADA,1 day ago,"Filed Pursuant to Rule 433Registration Statement No. 333-259205The information in this preliminary terms supplement is not complete and may be changed.Preliminary Terms Supplement Subject to Completion: Dated April 14  2022Pricing Supplement Dated April __  2022 to the Prospectus dated September 14  2021  the Prospectus Supplement dated September 14  2021  and the Product Prospectus Supplement dated March 3  2022$_________ Buffered Enhanced Return Notes Linked to a Basket of Two Exchange Traded Funds  Due May 1  2024 Royal Bank of CanadaRoyal Bank of Canada is offering the Buffered Enhanced Return Notes (the “Notes”) linked to the performance of an equally weighted basket (the “Basket”) of two exchange-traded funds: the SPDR® Gold Shares and the iShares® Silver Trust.The CUSIP number for the Notes is 78016FHX5. If the Percentage Change (as defined below) of the Basket is positive  the Notes will provide a return that is equal to at least 125% of that Percentage Change (to be determined on the Trade Date)  up to the Maximum Return of 20%. If the Percentage Change is 0% or negative  but is not less than ‑15%  the Notes will pay the principal amount. However  if the Percentage Change is less than ‑15%  you will lose 1% of the principal amount for each 1% that the Percentage Change is less than ‑15%  and you may lose up to 85% of your investment. Any payments on the Notes are subject to our credit risk.Issue Date: April 29  2022Maturity Date: May 1  2024The Notes will not pay interest. The Notes will not be listed on any securities exchange.Investing in the Notes involves a number of risks. See “Selected Risk Considerations” beginning on page P-6 of this terms supplement  “Additional Risk Factors Specific to the Notes” beginning on page PS-6 of the product prospectus supplement dated September 14  2021  and “Risk Factors” on page S-2 of the prospectus supplement dated September 14  2021.The Notes will not constitute deposits insured by the Canada Deposit Insurance Corporation  the U.S. Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation or any other Canadian or U.S. government agency or instrumentality. The Notes are not subject to conversion into our common shares under subsection 39.2(2.3) of the Canada Deposit Insurance Corporation Act.Neither the Securities and Exchange Commission nor any state securities commission has approved or disapproved of the Notes or determined that this terms supplement is truthful or complete. Any representation to the contrary is a criminal offense.Per Note Total Price to public(1) 100.00% $ Underwriting discounts and commissions(1) 2.25% $ Proceeds to Royal Bank of Canada 97.75% $(1) Certain dealers who purchase the Notes for sale to certain fee-based advisory accounts may forego some or all of their underwriting discount or selling concessions. The public offering price for investors purchasing the Notes in these accounts may be between $977.50 and $1 000 per $1 000 in principal amount.If the Notes priced on the date of this terms supplement  RBC Capital Markets  LLC (“RBCCM”)  acting as our agent  would receive a commission of approximately $22.50 per $1 000 in principal amount of the Notes and would use a portion of that commission to allow selling concessions to other dealers of up to approximately $22.50 per $1 000 in principal amount of the Notes. The other dealers may forgo  in their sole discretion  some or all of their selling concessions. See “Supplemental Plan of Distribution (Conflicts of Interest)” below.The initial estimated value of the Notes as of the Trade Date is expected to be between $904 and $954 per $1 000 in principal amount  and will be less than the price to public. The final pricing supplement relating to the Notes will set forth our estimate of the initial value of the Notes as of the Trade Date. The actual value of the Notes at any time will reflect many factors  cannot be predicted with accuracy  and may be less than this amount. We describe our determination of the initial estimated value in more detail below.RBC Capital Markets  LLCBuffered Enhanced Return Notes Linked to a Basket of Two Exchange Traded FundsSUMMARYThe information in this “Summary” section is qualified by the more detailed information set forth in this terms supplement  the product prospectus supplement  the prospectus supplement  and the prospectus.Issuer: Royal Bank of Canada (“Royal Bank”) Underwriter: RBC Capital Markets  LLC Reference Asset: The Notes are linked to the level of an equally weighted basket (the “Basket”) of two exchange-traded funds (each  a “Basket Component”). The Basket Components and their respective Component Weights are indicated in the table below. Denominations $1 000 and minimum denominations of $1 000 in excess thereof Trade Date (Pricing Date): April 26  2022 Issue Date: April 29  2022 Valuation Date: April 26  2024 Maturity Date: May 1  2024. The Maturity Date is subject to extension for market and other disruptions  as described in the product prospectus supplement. Payment at Maturity (if held to maturity): If the Percentage Change is positive  then the investor will receive  for each $1 000 in principal amount of the Notes  an amount calculated as follows: $1 000 + ($1 000 x the lesser of (i) the Percentage Change multiplied by the Leverage Factor and (ii) the Maximum Return) If the Percentage Change is zero or negative but is greater than or equal to -15%  the investor will receive the Principal Amount of the Notes. If the Percentage Change is less than -15%  then the investor will receive a cash payment equal to: $1 000 + [$1 000 x (Percentage Change + 15%)] In this case  you will lose 1% of the principal amount for each 1% that the Percentage Change is less than -15%  and you may lose up to 85% of the principal amount. Leverage Factor: At least 125% (to be determined on the Trade Date) Maximum Return: 20% Percentage Change: The Percentage Change  expressed as a percentage and rounded to two decimal places  will be equal to the sum of the Weighted Component Change for each Basket Component. The Weighted Component Change for each Basket Component will be determined as follows: Initial Price: The closing price per share of a Basket Component on the Trade Date. Final Price: The closing price per share of a Basket Component on the Valuation Date.Buffered Enhanced Return Notes Linked to a Basket of Two Exchange Traded FundsThe Basket: Basket Component Bloomberg Ticker Component Weight Initial Price SPDR® Gold SharesGLD 1/2iShares® Silver Trust SLV 1/2Principal at Risk: The Notes are NOT principal protected. You could lose a significant portion of your principal amount at maturity if the Percentage Change is less than -15%. Calculation Agent: RBC Capital Markets  LLC U.S. Tax Treatment: By purchasing a Note  each holder agrees (in the absence of a change in law  an administrative determination or a judicial ruling to the contrary) to treat the Notes as a pre-paid cash-settled derivative contract for U.S. federal income tax purposes. However  the U.S. federal income tax consequences of your investment in the Notes are uncertain and the Internal Revenue Service could assert that the Notes should be taxed in a manner that is different from that described in the preceding sentence. Please see the section below  “Supplemental Discussion of U.S. Federal Income Tax Consequences ” and the discussion (including the opinion of Ashurst LLP  our special U.S. tax counsel) in the product prospectus supplement under “Supplemental Discussion of U.S. Federal Income Tax Consequences ” which apply to the Notes. Secondary Market: RBC Capital Markets  LLC (or one of its affiliates)  though not obligated to do so  may maintain a secondary market in the Notes after the issue date. The amount that you may receive upon sale of your Notes prior to maturity may be less than the principal amount of your Notes. Listing: The Notes will not be listed on any securities exchange. Clearance and Settlement: DTC global (including through its indirect participants Euroclear and Clearstream  Luxembourg as described under ""Ownership and Book-Entry Issuance” in the prospectus dated September 14  2021). Terms Incorporated in the Master Note: All of the terms appearing on the cover page and above the item captioned “Secondary Market” on pages P-2 and P-3 of this terms supplement  and the applicable terms appearing under the caption “General Terms of the Notes” in the product prospectus supplement dated March 3  2022  as modified by this terms supplement.The Trade Date  issue date and other dates set forth above are subject to change  and will be set forth in the final pricing supplement relating to the Notes.Buffered Enhanced Return Notes Linked to a Basket of Two Exchange Traded FundsADDITIONAL TERMS OF YOUR NOTESYou should read this terms supplement together with the prospectus dated September 14  2021  as supplemented by the prospectus supplement dated September 14  2021 and the product prospectus supplement dated March 3  2022  relating to our Senior Global Medium-Term Notes  Series I  of which these Notes are a part. Capitalized terms used but not defined in this terms supplement will have the meanings given to them in the product prospectus supplement. In the event of any conflict  this terms supplement will control. The Notes vary from the terms described in the product prospectus supplement in several important ways. You should read this terms supplement carefully.This terms supplement  together with the documents listed below  contains the terms of the Notes and supersedes all prior or contemporaneous oral statements as well as any other written materials including preliminary or indicative pricing terms  correspondence  trade ideas  structures for implementation  sample structures  brochures or other educational materials of ours. You should carefully consider  among other things  the matters set forth in “Risk Factors” in the prospectus supplement dated September 14  2021 and “Additional Risk Factors Specific to the Notes” in the product prospectus supplement dated March 3  2022  as the Notes involve risks not associated with conventional debt securities. We urge you to consult your investment  legal  tax  accounting and other advisors before you invest in the Notes. You may access these documents on the Securities and Exchange Commission (the “SEC”) website at www.sec.gov as follows (or if that address has changed  by reviewing our filings for the relevant date on the SEC website):Prospectus dated September 14  2021:Prospectus Supplement dated September 14  2021:Product Prospectus Supplement ERN-ETF-1 dated March 3  2022 :Our Central Index Key  or CIK  on the SEC website is 1000275. As used in this terms supplement  “we ” “us ” or “our” refers to Royal Bank of Canada.Royal Bank of Canada has filed a registration statement (including a product prospectus supplement  a prospectus supplement  and a prospectus) with the SEC for the offering to which this terms supplement relates. Before you invest  you should read those documents and the other documents relating to this offering that we have filed with the SEC for more complete information about us and this offering. You may obtain these documents without cost by visiting EDGAR on the SEC website at www.sec.gov. Alternatively  Royal Bank of Canada  any agent or any dealer participating in this offering will arrange to send you the product prospectus supplement  the prospectus supplement and the prospectus if you so request by calling toll-free at 1-877-688-2301.Buffered Enhanced Return Notes Linked to a Basket of Two Exchange Traded FundsHYPOTHETICAL RETURNSThe examples set out below are included for illustration purposes only. The hypothetical Percentage Changes of the Basket used to illustrate the calculation of the Payment at Maturity (rounded to two decimal places) are not estimates or forecasts of the price of any Basket Component on the Valuation Date or on any trading day prior to the Maturity Date. All examples are based on a hypothetical Leverage Factor of 125% and the Maximum Return of 20%  and assume that a holder purchased Notes with an aggregate principal amount of $1 000 and that no market disruption event occurs on the Valuation Date. The actual Leverage Factor will be determined on the Trade Date.Example 1 — Calculation of the Payment at Maturity where the Percentage Change is positive  but is less than the Maximum Return. Percentage Change: 2% Payment at Maturity: $1 000 + [$1 000 x (2% x 125%)] = $1 000 + $25 = $1 025 On a $1 000 investment  a 2% Percentage Change results in a Payment at Maturity of $1 025  a 2.50% return on the Notes.Example 2— Calculation of the Payment at Maturity where the Percentage Change is positive  and when multiplied by the Leverage Factor  is greater than the Maximum Return. Percentage Change: 50% Payment at Maturity: $1 000 + [$1 000 x 20%] = $1 000 + $200 = $1 200On a $1 000 investment  because the Percentage Change multiplied by the Leverage Factor is greater than the Maximum Return  investors receive a Payment at Maturity of $1 200  a return of 20% on the Notes. Example 3 — Calculation of the Payment at Maturity where the Percentage Change is negative (but not by more than 15%). Percentage Change: -10% Payment at Maturity: $1 000 On a $1 000 investment  a -10% Percentage Change results in a Payment at Maturity of $1 000  a 0% return on the Notes.Example 4 — Calculation of the Payment at Maturity where the Percentage Change is negative (by more than 10%).Percentage Change: -60% Payment at Maturity: $1 000 + [$1 000 x (-60% + 15%)] = $1 000 - $450 = $550On a $1 000 investment  a -60% Percentage Change results in a Payment at Maturity of $550  a ‑45% return on the Notes.Buffered Enhanced Return Notes Linked to a Basket of Two Exchange Traded FundsSELECTED RISK CONSIDERATIONSAn investment in the Notes involves significant risks. Investing in the Notes is not equivalent to investing directly in the Basket Components. These risks are explained in more detail in the section “Additional Risk Factors Specific to the Notes” in the product prospectus supplement. In addition to the risks described in the prospectus supplement and the product prospectus supplement  you should consider the following:Risks Relating to the Terms and Structure of the Notes• You May Lose a Significant Portion of the Principal Amount of the Notes – Investors in the Notes could lose a substantial portion of their principal amount if there is a decline in the value of the Basket of more than 15%. In such a case  you will lose 1% of the principal amount of your Notes for each 1% that the Percentage Change is less than ‑15%. You may lose up to 85% of the principal amount at maturity.• The Notes Do Not Pay Interest and Your Return May Be Lower than the Return on a Conventional Debt Security of Comparable Maturity – There will be no periodic interest payments on the Notes as there would be on a conventional fixed-rate or floating-rate debt security having the same maturity. The return that you will receive on the Notes  which could be negative  may be less than the return you could earn on other investments. Even if your return is positive  your return may be less than the return you would earn if you purchased one of our conventional senior interest bearing debt securities.• The Appreciation Potential of the Notes Is Limited by the Maximum Return – If the Percentage Change is positive  we will pay you $1 000 per Note at maturity plus an additional return that will not exceed the Maximum Return  regardless of the appreciation in the Basket Components  which may be significant. Therefore  you will not benefit from any appreciation of the Basket Components in excess of an amount that exceeds the Maximum Return. Your return on the Notes may be less than your return would be on a hypothetical direct investment in the Basket Components.• Changes in the Price of One Basket Component May Be Offset by Changes in the Price of the Other Basket Component – A change in the price of one Basket Component may not correlate with changes in the price of the other Basket Component. The price of one Basket Component may increase  while the price of the other Basket Component may not increase as much  or may even decrease. Therefore  in determining the price of the Reference Asset as of any time  increases in the price of one Basket Component may be moderated  or wholly offset  by lesser increases or decreases in the price of the other Basket Component.• Payments on the Notes Are Subject to Our Credit Risk  and Changes in Our Credit Ratings Are Expected to Affect the Market Value of the Notes – The Notes are our senior unsecured debt securities. As a result  your receipt of the amount due on the maturity date is dependent upon our ability to repay our obligations at that time. This will be the case even if the prices of one or more of the Basket Components increase after the Trade Date. No assurance can be given as to what our financial condition will be at the maturity of the Notes.• The Payments on the Notes Are Subject to Postponement Due to Market Disruption Events and Adjustments – The Valuation Date and the payment at maturity are subject to adjustment as described in the product prospectus supplement. For a description of what constitutes a market disruption event as well as the consequences of that market disruption event  see “General Terms of the Notes—Market Disruption Events” in the product prospectus supplement.Risks Relating to the Secondary Market for the Notes• There May Not Be an Active Trading Market for the Notes – Sales in the Secondary Market May Result in Significant Losses – There may be little or no secondary market for the Notes. The Notes will not be listed on any securities exchange. RBCCM and our other affiliates may make a market for the Notes; however  they are not required to do so. RBCCM or any of our other affiliates may stop any market-making activities at any time. Even if aBuffered Enhanced Return Notes Linked to a Basket of Two Exchange Traded Fundssecondary market for the Notes develops  it may not provide significant liquidity or trade at prices advantageous to you. We expect that transaction costs in any secondary market would be high. As a result  the difference between bid and asked prices for your Notes in any secondary market could be substantial.Risks Relating to the Initial Estimated Value of the Notes• The Initial Estimated Value of the Notes Will Be Less than the Price to the Public – The initial estimated value that will be set forth in the final pricing supplement for the Notes will not represent a minimum price at which we  RBCCM or any of our affiliates would be willing to purchase the Notes in any secondary market (if any exists) at any time. If you attempt to sell the Notes prior to maturity  their market value may be lower than the price you paid for them and the initial estimated value. This is due to  among other things  changes in the prices of the Basket Components  the borrowing rate we pay to issue securities of this kind  and the inclusion in the price to the public of the underwriting discount and the estimated costs relating to our hedging of the Notes. These factors  together with various credit  market and economic factors over the term of the Notes  are expected to reduce the price at which you may be able to sell the Notes in any secondary market and will affect the value of the Notes in complex and unpredictable ways. Assuming no change in market conditions or any other relevant factors  the price  if any  at which you may be able to sell your Notes prior to maturity may be less than your original purchase price  as any such sale price would not be expected to include the underwriting discount and the hedging costs relating to the Notes. In addition to bid-ask spreads  the value of the Notes determined for any secondary market price is expected to be based on the secondary rate rather than the internal funding rate used to price the Notes and determine the initial estimated value. As a result  the secondary price will be less than if the internal funding rate was used. The Notes are not designed to be short-term trading instruments. Accordingly  you should be able and willing to hold your Notes to maturity.• The Initial Estimated Value of the Notes that We Will Provide in the Final Pricing Supplement Will Be an Estimate Only  Calculated as of the Time the Terms of the Notes Are Set – The initial estimated value of the Notes will be based on the value of our obligation to make the payments on the Notes  together with the mid-market value of the derivative embedded in the terms of the Notes. See “Structuring the Notes” below. Our estimate will be based on a variety of assumptions  including our credit spreads  interest rates and volatility  and the expected term of the Notes. These assumptions are based on certain forecasts about future events  which may prove to be incorrect. Other entities may value the Notes or similar securities at a price that is significantly different than we do.The value of the Notes at any time after the Trade Date will vary based on many factors  including changes in market conditions  and cannot be predicted with accuracy. As a result  the actual value you would receive if you sold the Notes in any secondary market  if any  should be expected to differ materially from the initial estimated value of your Notes.Risks Relating to the Basket Components• The Price of Each Basket Component Is Linked Closely to the Price of The Commodity That It Holds  Which May Change Unpredictably and Affect the Value of the Notes In Unforeseeable Ways — Each Basket Component attempts to mirror as closely as possible  before fees and expenses  the performance of the price of gold or silver  as applicable. As a result  the value of the Basket relates directly to the value of these metals. Investments in securities linked to an exchange traded fund such as the GLD and the SLV  which are linked to the price of a single commodity  may be considered speculative. The markets for gold and silver are generally subject to temporary distortions or other disruptions due to various factors  including a lack of liquidity in the markets  the participation of speculators  and government regulation and intervention.The methods for determining the prices of gold and silver held by each Basket Component  as described below  are not the same as U.S. futures markets. For example  there are no daily price limits that would otherwise restrict the extent of daily fluctuations in the prices of the commodities in these markets. In a declining market  therefore  it is possible that prices would continue to decline without limitation within a trading day or over a period of trading days.Buffered Enhanced Return Notes Linked to a Basket of Two Exchange Traded FundsGold and silver prices are subject to volatile price movements over short periods of time and are affected by numerous factors. These include economic factors  including the structure of and confidence in the global monetary system  expectations of the future rate of inflation  the relative strength of  and confidence in  the U.S. dollar (the currency in which the prices of these metals are generally quoted)  interest rates and gold and silver borrowing and lending rates  and global or regional economic  financial  political  regulatory  judicial  or other events. Gold and silver prices may also be affected by industry factors such as industrial and jewelry demand  lending  sales and purchases of these metals by the official sector  including central banks and other governmental agencies and multilateral institutions that hold gold and silver  levels of gold and silver production and production costs in the countries in which these metals are mined  and short-term changes in supply and demand because of investment  trading and hedging activities in the gold and silver markets  including trading activities of hedge funds and commodity funds. It is not possible to predict the aggregate effect of all or any combination of these factors.• Investing in the Notes Linked to the Basket Is Not the Same as Investing Directly in Gold or Silver  as Applicable — The performance of a Basket Component may not fully replicate the price of gold or silver  as applicable  due to the fees and expenses charged by that Basket Component  restrictions on access to gold or silver or other circumstances. The Basket Components do not generate any income  and as a Basket Component regularly sells its asset to pay for its ongoing expenses  the amount of asset represented by that Basket Component may gradually decline over time. A Basket Component sells its asset to pay expenses on an ongoing basis irrespective of whether the trading price of its asset rises or falls in response to changes in the price of its asset. The sale of a Basket Component’s asset to pay expenses at a time of low asset prices could adversely affect the value of that Basket Component. Additionally  there is a risk that part or all of a Basket Component’s asset could be lost  damaged or stolen due to war  terrorism  theft  natural disaster or otherwise.• Changes in the Methodology Used to Calculate the Gold or Silver Spot Price or Changes in Laws or Regulations Which Affect the Price of Gold or Silver May Affect the Value of the Notes — The London Bullion Market Association (the “LBMA”) sets the fixings of gold (the “gold spot price”) and silver (the ""silver spot price"") used to determine the value of gold and silver held by the Basket Components  and may adjust the determination of the gold spot price or spot price in a way that adversely affects the value of the Notes. In setting these prices  the LBMA has no obligation to consider your interests. The LBMA may from time to time change any rule or bylaw or take emergency action under its rules  any of which could affect the gold or silver spot price. Any change of this kind could cause a decrease in the gold or silver spot price  which would adversely affect the value of the Notes.In addition  the price of gold or silver could be adversely affected by the promulgation of new laws or regulations or by the reinterpretation of existing laws or regulations (including  without limitation  those relating to taxes and duties on commodities or commodity components) by one or more governments  governmental agencies  courts  or other official bodies. Any event of this kind could adversely affect the gold or silver spot price and  as a result  could adversely affect the value of the Notes.• There Are Risks Associated with the LBMA Gold Price and the LBMA Silver Price — The gold and silver held by the Basket Components is valued based upon the ""LBMA Gold Price"" and the “LBMA Silver Price”. The LBMA Silver Price is a silver price benchmark mechanism administered by ICE Benchmark Administration (“IBA”)  an independent specialist benchmark administrator appointed by London Bullion Market Association. These prices are determined using an electronic auction. Electronic markets are not exempt from failures. In addition  electronic trading platforms may be subject to influence by high-frequency traders with results that are highly contested by the industry  regulators and market observers. It is possible that electronic failures or other unanticipated events may occur that could result in delays in the announcement of  or the inability of the system to produce  an LBMA Gold Price or an LBMA Silver Price on any given day. Furthermore  if a perception were to develop that these prices are vulnerable to manipulation attempts  or if the proceedings surrounding the determination and publication of these prices were seen as unfair  biased or otherwise compromised by the markets  the behavior of investors and traders in gold or silver may change  and those changes may have an effect on the price of gold or silver (and  consequently  the value of the Basket Components). In any of these circumstances  the intervention of extraneous events disruptive of the normal interaction of supply and demand of gold or silver at any given time  may result in distorted prices and losses in valueBuffered Enhanced Return Notes Linked to a Basket of Two Exchange Traded Fundsof a Basket Component that  but for such extraneous events  might not have occurred. The LBMA may alter  discontinue or suspend calculation or dissemination of the LBMA Gold Price or the LBMA Silver Price  which could adversely affect the value of the Notes. The LBMA  or an independent service provider appointed by the LBMA  will have no obligation to consider your interests in calculating or revising the LBMA Gold Price or the LBMA Silver Price. All of these factors could adversely affect the price the Basket Components and  therefore  the return on the Notes.• Single Commodity Prices Tend to Be More Volatile Than  and May Not Correlate with  the Prices of Commodities Generally — Each Basket Component holds a single commodity and not diverse basket of commodities or components of a broad-based commodity index. Each Basket Component’s asset may not correlate to the price of commodities generally and may diverge significantly from the prices of commodities generally. As a result  the Notes carry greater risk and may be more volatile than a security linked to the prices of more commodities or a broad-based commodity index.• You Will Not Have Any Rights to the Assets Included in the Basket Components – As a holder of the Notes  you will not have the right to receive any of the commodities held by the Basket Components. Similarly  you will not have any of the rights that holders of the Basket Components would have.• Adjustments to the Basket Components Could Adversely Affect the Notes — The sponsor of each of the Basket Components is responsible for calculating and maintaining each Basket Component. The sponsor can take actions to can add  delete or substitute the assets held by the applicable Basket Components. The sponsor may make other methodological changes that could change the share price of one or more of the Basket Components at any time. If one or more of these events occurs  the calculation of the amount payable at maturity may be adjusted to reflect such event or events. Consequently  any of these actions could adversely affect the amount payable at maturity and/or the market value of the Notes.• We and Our Affiliates Do Not Have Any Affiliation with the Sponsor of Either Basket Component and Are Not Responsible for Their Public Disclosure of Information — We and our affiliates are not affiliated with these sponsors in any way and have no ability to control or predict their actions  including any errors in or discontinuance of disclosure regarding its methods or policies relating to the Basket Components. The sponsors are not involved in the offering of the Notes in any way and have no obligation to consider your interests as an owner of the Notes in taking any actions relating to the Basket Components that might affect the value of the Notes. Neither we nor any of our affiliates has independently verified the adequacy or accuracy of the information about the sponsors or the Basket Components contained in any public disclosure of information. You  as an investor in the Notes  should make your own investigation into the Basket Components.Risks Relating to Conflicts of Interest• Our Business Activities May Create Conflicts of Interest — We and our affiliates expect to engage in trading activities related to the Basket Components or the assets held by the Basket Components that are not for the account of holders of the Notes or on their behalf. These trading activities may present a conflict between the holders’ interests in the Notes and the interests we and our affiliates will have in their proprietary accounts  in facilitating transactions  including options and other derivatives transactions  for their customers and in accounts under their management. These trading activities  if they influence the value of the Basket  could be adverse to the interests of the holders of the Notes. These activities may present a conflict between our or one or more of our affiliates’ obligations and your interests as a holder of the Notes. Moreover  we and our affiliates may have published  and in the future expect to publish  research reports with respect to the Basket Components or the assets that they hold. This research is modified from time to time without notice and may express opinions or provide recommendations that are inconsistent with purchasing or holding the Notes. Any of these activities by us or one or more of our affiliates may affect the value of the Basket  and  therefore  the market value of the Notes.Buffered Enhanced Return Notes Linked to a Basket of Two Exchange Traded FundsINFORMATION REGARDING THE BASKET COMPONENTSInformation provided to or filed with the SEC by the Basket Components under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934  as amended  and the Investment Company Act of 1940  as amended  can be obtained through the SEC’s website at www.sec.gov. In addition  information may be obtained from other sources including  but not limited to  press releases  newspaper articles and other publicly disseminated documents. We have not participated in the preparation of  or verified  such publicly available information. None of the forgoing documents or filings are incorporated by reference in  and should not be considered part of  this document.The following information regarding the Basket Components is derived from publicly available information.We have not independently verified the accuracy or completeness of reports filed by the Basket Components with the SEC  information published by them on their websites or in any other format  information about them obtained from any other source or the information provided below.The Notes are not sponsored  endorsed  sold or promoted by the Basket Components' sponsor  or any of the other entities described in this section. These parties have no obligation or liability in connection with the operation  marketing  trading or sale of the Notes.The SPDR® Gold SharesThis Basket Component issues SPDR® Gold Shares  or the “Shares ” which represent units of fractional undivided beneficial interest in and ownership of the Basket Component. World Gold Trust Services  LLC is the sponsor of this Basket Component  or the Sponsor. BNY Mellon Asset Servicing  a division of The Bank of New York Mellon  is the trustee of this Basket Component  or the Trustee  HSBC Bank plc is the custodian of this Basket Component  or the Custodian  and State Street Global Advisors Funds Distributors  LLC is the marketing agent of this Basket Component  or the Marketing Agent. This Basket Component intends to issue additional Shares on a continuous basis through its Trustee. This Basket Component is not a commodity pool for purposes of the Commodity Exchange Act of 1936  as amended  and its sponsor is not subject to regulation by the Commodity Futures Trading Commission as a commodity pool operator  or a commodity trading advisor.The Shares trade on NYSE Arca  Inc.  or NYSE Arca  under the symbol “GLD.”The Shares may be purchased from this Basket Component only in one or more blocks of 100 000 Shares (a block of 100 000 Shares is called a Basket). The Basket Component issues Shares in Baskets to certain authorized participants  or the Authorized Participants  on an ongoing basis. Baskets are offered continuously at the net asset value  or the NAV  for 100 000 Shares on the day that an order to create a Basket is accepted by the Trustee.The investment objective of this Basket Component is to reflect the performance of the price of gold bullion  less the Basket Component’s expenses. The Basket Component holds gold bars. The Basket Component issues shares in exchange for deposits of gold and distributes gold in connection with the redemption of shares. The Shares of the Basket Component are intended to offer investors an opportunity to participate in the gold market through an investment in securities. The ownership of the Shares of the Basket Component is intended to overcome certain barriers to entry in the gold market  such as the logistics of buying  storing and insuring gold.The Shares of the Basket Component represent units of fractional undivided beneficial interest in and ownership of the Basket Component  the primary asset of which is allocated (or secured) gold. The Basket Component is not managed like a corporation or an active investment vehicle. The gold held by the Basket Component will be sold only: (1) on an as-needed basis to pay the Basket Component’s expenses  (2) in the event the Basket Component terminates and liquidates its assets or (3) as otherwise required by law or regulation.Buffered Enhanced Return Notes Linked to a Basket of Two Exchange Traded FundsCreation and RedemptionThe Basket Component creates and redeems the Shares from time to time  but only in one or more baskets (a “basket” equals a block of 100 000 shares). The creation and redemption of baskets requires the delivery to the Basket Component or the distribution by the Basket Component of the amount of gold and any cash represented by the baskets being created or redeemed  the amount of which is based on the combined net asset value of the number of Shares included in the baskets being created or redeemed. The initial amount of gold required for deposit with the Basket Component to create shares for the period from the formation of the Basket Component to the first day of trading of the Shares on the NYSE was 10 000 ounces per basket. The number of ounces of gold required to create a basket or to be delivered upon the redemption of a basket gradually decreases over time  due to the accrual of the Basket Component’s expenses and the sale of the Basket Component’s gold to pay the Basket Component’s expenses. Baskets may be created or redeemed only by authorized participants  who pay a transaction fee for each order to create or redeem baskets and may sell the Shares included in the baskets they create to other investors.Valuation of Gold; Computation of Net Asset ValueThe Trustee determines the NAV of the Basket Component on each day that NYSE Arca is open for regular trading at the earlier of (i) the afternoon session of the twice daily determination of the price of an ounce of gold through an auction by the London Bullion Market Association  or LBMA  administered by the ICE Benchmark Administration  or the IBA  which starts at 3:00 PM London  England time  or the LBMA Gold Price PM  or (ii) 12:00 PM New York time. The LBMA Gold Price PM is determined by participants in a physically settled  electronic and tradable auction. The LBMA Gold Price PM replaced the previously established London PM Gold Fix on March 20  2015. The NAV of the Basket Component is the aggregate value of the Basket Component’s assets less its estimated accrued but unpaid liabilities (which include accrued expenses). In determining the Basket Component’s NAV  the Trustee values the gold held by the Basket Component based on the LBMA Gold Price PM for an ounce of gold. The Trustee also determines the NAV per Share.The Custodian is HSBC Bank plc and is responsible for the safekeeping of the Basket Component’s gold bars transferred to it in connection with the creation of Baskets by Authorized Participants. The Custodian also facilitates the transfer of gold in and out of the Basket Component through gold accounts it maintains for Authorized Participants and the Basket Component. The Custodian is a market maker  clearer and approved weigher under the rules of the LBMA.The iShares® Silver TrustThe SLV trades under the ticker symbol “SLV” on NYSE Arca  Inc. The sponsor of this Basket Component is iShares Delaware Trust Sponsor LLC (""iShares Delaware"")  a Delaware limited liability company and an indirect subsidiary of BlackRock  Inc.(“BlackRock”)The Bank of New York Mellon is the trustee of the SLV  and JPMorgan Chase Bank  N.A.  London branch is the custodian of the SLV.The SLV seeks to reflect generally the price of silver before the payment of its expenses and liabilities. The assets of the SLV consist primarily of silver held by the custodian on behalf of the SLV. The SLV issues shares in exchange for deposits of silver and distributes silver in connection with the redemption of shares. The SLV issues shares in baskets of 50 000 or integral multiples of 50 000. Baskets may be redeemed by the SLV in exchange for the amount of silver corresponding to their redemption value. The shares of the SLV are intended to constitute a simple and cost-effective means of making an investment similar to an investment in silver.The shares of the SLV represent units of fractional undivided beneficial interest in and ownership of the SLV. The SLV is a passive investment vehicle and the trustee of the SLV does not actively manage the silver held by the SLV. The trustee of the SLV sells silver held by the SLV to pay the SLV’s expenses on an as-needed basis irrespective of then-current silver prices. Currently  the SLV’s only ordinary recurring expense is expected to be iShares Delaware’s fee. The trustee of the SLV will  when directed by iShares Delaware  and  in the absence of such direction  may  in its discretion  sell silver in such quantity and at such times as may be necessary to permit payment of iShares Delaware’s fee and of SLV expenses or liabilities not assumed by iShares Delaware.Buffered Enhanced Return Notes Linked to a Basket of Two Exchange Traded FundsOn each business day  as soon as practicable after 4:00 p.m. (New York time)  the trustee evaluates the silver held by the SLV and determines the net asset value of the SLV and the NAV. For purposes of making these calculations  a business day means any day other than a day when NYSE Arca is closed for regular trading. The trustee values the silver held by the SLV using that day's LBMA Silver Price. The LBMA Silver Price is the price per ounce  in U.S. dollars  of unallocated deliver delivered in London determined by the IBA following an electronic auction consisting of one or more 30-second rounds starting at 12:00 p.m. (London time) on each day that the London silver market is open for business and published shortly thereafter. At the start of each round of auction  the IBA publishes a price for that round. Participants will then have 30 seconds to enter  change or cancel their orders. At the end of each round  order entry is frozen  and the system checks to see if the imbalance (i.e.  the difference between buying and selling) is within the threshold (normally 500 000 ounces of silver). If the imbalance is outside the threshold at the end of a round  then the auction is not balanced  the price is adjusted and a new round starts. If the imbalance is within the threshold then the auction is finished  and the price is set as the LBMA Silver Price for that day.According to the SLV’s prospectus  the SLV is not a mutual fund or any other type of investment company within the meaning of the Investment Company Act and is not subject to regulation thereunder. The SLV is not a commodity pool within the meaning of the Commodity Exchange Act  as amended  and is not subject to regulation thereunder  and iShares Delaware is not subject to regulation by the Commodity Futures Trading Commission as a commodity pool operator or a commodity trading advisor.Buffered Enhanced Return Notes Linked to a Basket of Two Exchange Traded FundsHISTORICAL INFORMATIONThe graphs below set forth the information relating to the historical performance of the Basket Components. We obtained the information in the graphs below from Bloomberg Financial Markets. We have not independently verified the accuracy or completeness of the information obtained from Bloomberg Financial Markets.The historical performance of any Basket Component should not be taken as an indication of its future performance  and no assurance can be given as to the prices of the Basket Components at any time. We cannot give you assurance that the performance of the Basket Components will not result in the loss a significant portion of your investment.Historical Information for the SPDR® Gold SharesThe graph below illustrates the performance of this Basket Component from January 1  2012 to April 12  2022.Buffered Enhanced Return Notes Linked to a Basket of Two Exchange Traded FundsHistorical Information for the iShares® Silver Trust.The graph below illustrates the performance of this Basket Component from January 1  2012 to April 12  2022.Buffered Enhanced Return Notes Linked to a Basket of Two Exchange Traded FundsSUPPLEMENTAL DISCUSSION OFU.S. FEDERAL INCOME TAX CONSEQUENCESThe following disclosure supplements  and to the extent inconsistent supersedes  the discussion in the product prospectus supplement dated September 14  2021 under “Supplemental Discussion of U.S. Federal Income Tax Consequences.”Under Section 871(m) of the Code  a “dividend equivalent” payment is treated as a dividend from sources within the United States. Such payments generally would be subject to a 30% U.S. withholding tax if paid to a non-U.S. holder. Under U.S. Treasury Department regulations  payments (including deemed payments) with respect to equity-linked instruments (“ELIs”) that are “specified ELIs” may be treated as dividend equivalents if such specified ELIs reference  directly or indirectly  an interest in an “underlying security ” which is generally any interest in an entity taxable as a corporation for U.S. federal income tax purposes if a payment with respect to such interest could give rise to a U.S. source dividend. However  the IRS has issued guidance that states that the U.S. Treasury Department and the IRS intend to amend the effective dates of the U.S. Treasury Department regulations to provide that withholding on dividend equivalent payments will not apply to specified ELIs that are not delta-one instruments and that are issued before January 1  2023. Based on our determination that the Notes are not delta-one instruments  non-U.S. holders should not be subject to withholding on dividend equivalent payments  if any  under the Notes. However  it is possible that the Notes could be treated as deemed reissued for U.S. federal income tax purposes upon the occurrence of certain events affecting the Basket Components or the Notes  and following such occurrence the Notes could be treated as subject to withholding on dividend equivalent payments. Non-U.S. holders that enter  or have entered  into other transactions in respect of the Reference Asset or the Notes should consult their tax advisors as to the application of the dividend equivalent withholding tax in the context of the Notes and their other transactions. If any payments are treated as dividend equivalents subject to withholding  we (or the applicable withholding agent) would be entitled to withhold taxes without being required to pay any additional amounts with respect to amounts so withheld.Under Section 1260 of the Code  “net underlying long-term capital gain” on the Notes may be subject to tax at higher rates applicable to “collectibles” instead of the general rates that apply to long term capital gain.Buffered Enhanced Return Notes Linked to a Basket of Two Exchange Traded FundsSUPPLEMENTAL PLAN OF DISTRIBUTION (CONFLICTS OF INTEREST)We expect that delivery of the Notes will be made against payment for the Notes on or about April 29  2022  which is the third (3rd) business day following the Trade Date (this settlement cycle being referred to as “T+3”). See “Plan of Distribution” in the prospectus dated September 14  2021. For additional information as to the relationship between us and RBCCM  please see the section “Plan of Distribution—Conflicts of Interest” in the prospectus dated September 14  2021.We expect to deliver the Notes on a date that is greater than two business days following the Trade Date. Under Rule 15c6-1 of the Exchange Act  trades in the secondary market generally are required to settle in two business days  unless the parties to any such trade expressly agree otherwise. Accordingly  purchasers who wish to trade the Notes more than two business days prior to the original issue date will be required to specify alternative arrangements to prevent a failed settlement.In the initial offering of the Notes  they will be offered to investors at a purchase price equal to par  except with respect to certain accounts as indicated on the cover page of this document. In addition to the underwriting discount set forth on the cover page  we or one of our affiliates may also pay a fee to a broker-dealer that is unaffiliated with us for providing certain electronic platform services with respect to this offering.The value of the Notes shown on your account statement may be based on RBCCM’s estimate of the value of the Notes if RBCCM or another of our affiliates were to make a market in the Notes (which it is not obligated to do). That estimate will be based upon the price that RBCCM may pay for the Notes in light of then prevailing market conditions  our creditworthiness and transaction costs. For a period of approximately 6 months after the issue date of the Notes  the value of the Notes that may be shown on your account statement may be higher than RBCCM’s estimated value of the Notes at that time. This is because the estimated value of the Notes will not include the underwriting discount and our hedging costs and profits; however  the value of the Notes shown on your account statement during that period may initially be a higher amount  reflecting the addition of RBCCM’s underwriting discount and our estimated costs and profits from hedging the Notes. This excess is expected to decrease over time until the end of this period. After this period  if RBCCM repurchases your Notes  it expects to do so at prices that reflect their estimated value.We may use this terms supplement in the initial sale of the Notes. In addition  RBCCM or another of our affiliates may use this terms supplement in a market-making transaction in the Notes after their initial sale. Unless we or our agent informs the purchaser otherwise in the confirmation of sale  this terms supplement is being used in a market-making transaction.STRUCTURING THE NOTESThe Notes are our debt securities  the return on which is linked to the performance of the Basket Components. As is the case for all of our debt securities  including our structured notes  the economic terms of the Notes reflect our actual or perceived creditworthiness at the time of pricing. In addition  because structured notes result in increased operational  funding and liability management costs to us  we typically borrow the funds under these Notes at a rate that is more favorable to us than the rate that we might pay for a conventional fixed or floating rate debt security of comparable maturity. Using this relatively lower implied borrowing rate rather than the secondary market rate  is a factor that is likely to reduce the initial estimated value of the Notes at the time their terms are set. Unlike the estimated value that will be set forth on the cover page of the final pricing supplement  any value of the Notes determined for purposes of a secondary market transaction may be based on a different funding rate  which may result in a lower value for the Notes than if our initial internal funding rate were used.In order to satisfy our payment obligations under the Notes  we may choose to enter into certain hedging arrangements (which may include call options  put options or other derivatives) on the issue date with RBCCM or one of our other subsidiaries. The terms of these hedging arrangements take into account a number of factors  including our creditworthiness  interest rate movements  the volatility of the Basket Components  and the tenor of the Notes. The economic terms of the Notes and their initial estimated value depend in part on the terms of these hedging arrangements.The lower implied borrowing rate is a factor that reduces the economic terms of the Notes to you. The initial offering price of the Notes also reflects the underwriting commission and our estimated hedging costs. These factors result in the initial estimated value for the Notes on the Trade Date being less than their public offering price. See “Selected Risk Considerations—The Initial Estimated Value of the Notes Will Be Less than the Price to the Public” above.",neutral,0.01,0.98,0.01,negative,0.02,0.21,0.77,True,English,"['FWP ROYAL BANK', 'Form', 'CANADA', 'U.S. Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation', 'Canada Deposit Insurance Corporation Act', 'U.S. government agency', 'Per Note Total Price', 'Two Exchange Traded Funds', 'Buffered Enhanced Return Notes', 'two exchange-traded funds', 'iShares® Silver Trust', 'RBC Capital Markets', 'SPDR® Gold Shares', 'Selected Risk Considerations', 'respective Component Weights', 'initial estimated value', 'fee-based advisory accounts', 'Additional Risk Factors', 'preliminary terms supplement', 'final pricing supplement', 'Product Prospectus Supplement', 'public offering price', 'state securities commission', 'The Basket Components', 'The Maturity Date', 'initial value', 'securities exchange', 'Maximum Return', 'Exchange Commission', 'credit risk', 'common shares', 'actual value', 'many factors', 'Pricing Date', 'Registration Statement', 'Royal Bank', 'Percentage Change', 'Trade Date', 'Issue Date', 'other Canadian', 'criminal offense', 'Underwriting discounts', 'sole discretion', 'Supplemental Plan', 'Reference Asset', 'Valuation Date', 'other disruptions', 'principal amount', 'other dealers', 'The Notes', 'CUSIP number', 'Summary” section', 'minimum denominations', 'weighted basket', 'selling concessions', 'detailed information', 'Rule', 'Completion', 'April', 'September', 'March', 'performance', 'investment', 'payments', 'May', 'interest', 'risks', 'page', 'PS', 'deposits', 'instrumentality', 'conversion', 'subsection', 'representation', 'contrary', 'commissions', 'Proceeds', 'sale', 'investors', 'RBCCM', 'agent', 'portion', 'Distribution', 'Conflicts', 'time', 'accuracy', 'determination', 'Issuer', 'Underwriter', 'LLC', 'level', 'table', 'excess', 'extension']",2022-04-15,2022-04-15,streetinsider.com
3001,Clearstream,Bing API,https://ca.finance.yahoo.com/news/clearstream-completes-refinancing-credit-facility-200000765.html,ClearStream completes Refinancing of Credit Facility,CALGARY  Alberta  April 14  2022 (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) -- ClearStream Energy Services Inc. (“ClearStream” or the “Company”) (TSX: CSM) today announced that it has completed the refinancing of its asset-based revolving credit facility (the “Refinancing ...,ClearStream Energy Services Inc.CALGARY  Alberta  April 14  2022 (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) -- ClearStream Energy Services Inc. (“ClearStream” or the “Company”) (TSX: CSM) today announced that it has completed the refinancing of its asset-based revolving credit facility (the “Refinancing”). ClearStream established a new $25 million asset-based revolving credit facility with a three-year term (the “ABL Facility”) to replace its existing $15 million asset-based revolving credit facility that was to mature on April 14  2022 (the “Former ABL Facility”).ABL FacilityThe ABL Facility provides for maximum borrowings up to $25 million with The Toronto-Dominion Bank (the “Lender”). The amount available under the ABL Facility will vary from time to time based on the borrowing base determined with reference to the accounts receivable and inventories of ClearStream and certain of its subsidiaries. The obligations under the ABL Facility are secured by  among other things  a first ranking lien on all of the existing and after acquired accounts receivable and inventories of the Company and the other guarantors  being certain of the Company's direct and indirect subsidiaries. The maturity date of the ABL Facility is April 14  2025.The financial covenants applicable under the ABL Facility are: (a) the Company must maintain a fixed charge coverage ratio equal to or greater than 1.00:1.00 for each twelve month period calculated and tested as of the last day of each fiscal quarter; and (b) the Company must not expend or become obligated for any capital expenditures in an aggregate amount exceeding $10 million during any fiscal year.As at April 14  2022  no amounts were drawn on the ABL Facility.Term Loan FacilityPursuant to the terms of the Fifth Amended and Restated Credit Agreement dated March 23  2021 (the “Fifth ARCA”)  ClearStream had access to (a) the Former ABL Facility and (b) a term loan facility providing for maximum borrowings of up to $40.5 million (the “Term Loan Facility”) with Canso Investment Counsel Ltd.  in its capacity as portfolio manager for and on behalf of certain accounts that it manages (“Canso”).Story continuesAs a result of the Refinancing  the Fifth ARCA has been amended and restated by a Sixth Amended and Restated Credit Agreement (the “Sixth ARCA”) to  among other things: (a) remove the Former ABL Facility; (b) extend the maturity date of the Term Loan Facility from September 30  2022 to the date that is the earlier of (i) 180 days following the maturity date of the ABL Facility  (ii) October 14  2025  and (iii) the date on which the Term Loan Facility is terminated earlier pursuant to its terms; (c) change the interest rate charged on the Term Loan Facility to a fixed rate of 8% (previously a floating rate of prime plus 4.5%  increasing to prime plus 6.0% if the Former ABL Facility was more than 50% drawn); and (d) appoint Computershare Trust Company of Canada as administrative agent.The obligations under the Term Loan Facility are secured by  among other things  a lien on all of the existing and after acquired accounts receivable and inventories of the Company and the other guarantors  being certain of the Company's direct and indirect subsidiaries.As at April 14  2022  $40.5 million was outstanding under the Term Loan Facility. The Term Loan Facility is required to be used for specific purposes and cannot be redrawn once repaid.BDC Secured LoansOn June 26  2019  the Company received $19 million from two secured loans (the “BDC Loans”) with the Business Development Bank of Canada (“BDC”) as a partial source of funds for the acquisition of certain assets of the production services division of AECOM Production Services Ltd. (the “PSD Business”).The BDC Loans are secured by a first security interest on the real property and equipment acquired through the acquisition of the PSD Business and a security interest in all other present and future property  subject to the priorities granted to existing lenders under the ABL Facility  Senior Secured Debentures (as defined below) and other existing commitments.The loan agreements with BDC require the Company to maintain a fixed charge coverage ratio equal to or greater than 1.00:1.00 on annual basis.As at April 14  2022  $15.4 million was outstanding under the BDC Loans. No substantive amendments were made to the BDC Loans as a result of the Refinancing.Senior Secured DebenturesOn March 23  2016  ClearStream issued 8% senior secured debentures due March 23  2026 (the “Senior Secured Debentures”) on a private placement basis to Canso pursuant to a trust indenture between ClearStream  as issuer  and Computershare Trust Company of Canada  as debenture trustee  as amended and supplemented (the “Senior Secured Indenture”).The Senior Secured Debentures are secured by first-ranking liens over all of the property of the Company and its guarantor subsidiaries  other than certain limited classes of collateral over which the Company has granted a prior-ranking lien in favour of the ABL Facility  the Term Loan Facility and the BDC Loans.The Senior Secured Debentures provide for certain events of default and covenants of the Company  including financial and reporting covenants and restrictive covenants limiting the ability of the Company and its subsidiaries to make certain distributions and dispositions  incur indebtedness  grant liens and limitations with respect to acquisitions  mergers  investments  non-arm’s length transactions  reorganizations and hedging arrangements (subject to certain exceptions).As at April 14  2022  ClearStream had $111.2 million principal amount of 8% Senior Secured Debentures outstanding. As a result of the Refinancing  minor amendments were made to the Senior Secured Indenture to reflect the ABL Facility and the Sixth ARCA.Copies of the agreements governing the ABL Facility  the Term Loan Facility  the BDC Loans and the Senior Secured Debentures will be available shortly through SEDAR at www.sedar.com.About ClearStream Energy Services Inc.With a legacy of excellence and experience stretching back more than 50 years  ClearStream provides solutions to the Energy and Industrial markets including: Oil & Gas  Petrochemical  Mining  Power  Agriculture  Forestry  Infrastructure and Water Treatment. With offices strategically located across Canada and a dedicated workforce  we provide maintenance  construction  wear technology and environmental services that keep our clients moving forward. For more information about ClearStream  please visit www.clearstreamenergy.ca or contact:Randy WattChief Financial OfficerClearStream Energy Services Inc.(587) 318-0997rwatt@clearstreamenergy.ca Barry CardInterim Chief Executive OfficerClearStream Energy Services Inc.(587) 318-0997bcard@clearstreamenergy.caAdvisory Regarding Forward-Looking InformationCertain information included in this press release may constitute “forward-looking information” within the meaning of Canadian securities laws. In some cases  forward-looking information can be identified by terminology such as “may”  “will”  “should”  “expect”  “plan”  “anticipate”  “believe”  “estimate”  “predict”  “potential”  “continue” or the negative of these terms or other similar expressions concerning matters that are not historical facts. Specifically  this press release contains forward-looking information relating to: the refinancing of ClearStream’s asset-based revolving credit facility.Forward-looking information involves significant risks and uncertainties. A number of factors could cause actual events or results to differ materially from the events and results discussed in the forward-looking information  including  but not limited to  the success of our response to the COVID-19 global pandemic  risks related to the integration of acquired businesses  conditions of capital markets  economic conditions  commodity prices  dependence on key personnel  interest rates  regulatory change  ability to meet working capital requirements and capital expenditure needs  factors relating to the weather and availability of labour. These factors should not be considered exhaustive. Risks and uncertainties about ClearStream’s business are more fully discussed in ClearStream’s disclosure materials  including its annual information form and management’s discussion and analysis of the operating and financial results  filed with the securities regulatory authorities in Canada and available at www.sedar.com. In formulating the forward-looking information herein  management has assumed that business and economic conditions affecting ClearStream will continue substantially in the ordinary course  including  without limitation  with respect to general levels of economic activity  regulations  taxes and interest rates. Although the forward-looking information is based on what management of ClearStream consider to be reasonable assumptions based on information currently available to it  there can be no assurance that actual events or results will be consistent with this forward-looking information  and management’s assumptions may prove to be incorrect.This forward-looking information is made as of the date of this press release  and ClearStream does not assume any obligation to update or revise it to reflect new events or circumstances except as required by law. Undue reliance should not be placed on forward-looking information. Forward-looking information is provided for the purpose of providing information about management's current expectations and plans relating to the future. Readers are cautioned that such information may not be appropriate for other purposes.,neutral,0.05,0.91,0.04,positive,0.56,0.36,0.08,True,English,"['Credit Facility', 'ClearStream', 'Refinancing', 'new $25 million asset-based revolving credit facility', 'existing $15 million asset-based revolving credit facility', 'fixed charge coverage ratio', 'AECOM Production Services Ltd', 'Canso Investment Counsel Ltd.', 'ClearStream Energy Services Inc.', 'The Senior Secured Debentures', 'The Term Loan Facility', 'Restated Credit Agreement', 'production services division', '8% senior secured debentures', 'The Toronto-Dominion Bank', 'twelve month period', 'Senior Secured Indenture', 'two secured loans', 'private placement basis', 'The ABL Facility', 'Business Development Bank', 'Former ABL Facility', 'first ranking lien', 'first security interest', 'other existing commitments', 'The BDC Loans', 'BDC Secured Loans', 'Computershare Trust Company', 'fixed rate', 'trust indenture', 'three-year term', 'loan agreements', 'existing lenders', 'annual basis', 'interest rate', 'PSD Business', 'other things', 'other guarantors', 'other present', 'GLOBE NEWSWIRE', 'maximum borrowings', 'borrowing base', 'financial covenants', 'last day', 'fiscal quarter', 'capital expenditures', 'fiscal year', 'Fifth Amended', 'Fifth ARCA', 'portfolio manager', 'Sixth Amended', 'Sixth ARCA', 'floating rate', 'administrative agent', 'specific purposes', 'partial source', 'substantive amendments', 'debenture trustee', 'first-ranking liens', 'limited classes', 'prior-ranking lien', 'indirect subsidiaries', 'guarantor subsidiaries', 'real property', 'future property', 'maturity date', 'accounts receivable', 'CALGARY', 'Alberta', 'April', 'TSX', 'CSM', 'refinancing', 'amount', 'time', 'reference', 'inventories', 'obligations', 'aggregate', 'terms', 'access', 'capacity', 'behalf', 'Story', 'result', 'September', 'October', 'prime', 'Canada', 'June', 'funds', 'acquisition', 'assets', 'equipment', 'priorities', 'March', 'issuer', 'collateral', 'favour', '180']",2022-04-14,2022-04-15,ca.finance.yahoo.com
3002,Clearstream,Twitter API,Twitter,@jpraffarin A crook will always follow another crook.#Clearstream,nan,@jpraffarin A crook will always follow another crook.#Clearstream,negative,0.01,0.09,0.9,negative,0.01,0.09,0.9,True,English,"['jpraffarin', 'crook', 'Clearstream', 'jpraffarin', 'crook', 'Clearstream']",2022-04-15,2022-04-15,Unknown
3003,Deutsche Boerse,Google API,https://www.defenseworld.net/2022/04/15/zacks-investment-research-downgrades-deutsche-borse-otcmktsdboey-to-sell.html,Zacks Investment Research Downgrades Deutsche Börse (OTCMKTS:DBOEY) to Sell,9 hours ago,Zacks Investment Research downgraded shares of Deutsche Börse (OTCMKTS:DBOEY – Get Rating) from a hold rating to a sell rating in a report released on Thursday  Zacks.com reports.According to Zacks  “Deutsche Borse AG is an exchange organization. Its product and services portfolio covers securities and derivatives trading  clearing  settlement and custody to the provision of market data and the development and operation of electronic trading systems. The company collects  refines  and provides data related to prices and trading revenues  indices  master data and statistics  and macroeconomic data  as well as involves in index development. It also develops  implements  and operates trading and settlement systems; and provides various information technology services. As an international central securities depository it provides global clearing and custody services for the securities industry. In addition  it is responsible for the management  safekeeping and administration of securities deposited. Deutsche Borse AG is headquartered in Frankfurt am Main  Germany. “Get Deutsche Börse alerts:A number of other analysts have also commented on DBOEY. Deutsche Bank Aktiengesellschaft lifted their price target on Deutsche Börse from €184.00 ($200.00) to €185.00 ($201.09) and gave the company a buy rating in a research note on Tuesday. Exane BNP Paribas raised Deutsche Börse from a neutral rating to an outperform rating and set a €180.00 ($195.65) price target on the stock in a research note on Tuesday  March 15th. Credit Suisse Group assumed coverage on Deutsche Börse in a research note on Thursday  April 7th. They set a neutral rating on the stock. Royal Bank of Canada lifted their price target on Deutsche Börse from €150.00 ($163.04) to €156.00 ($169.57) and gave the company a sector perform rating in a research note on Monday  February 28th. Finally  Morgan Stanley cut their price target on Deutsche Börse from €174.60 ($189.78) to €171.20 ($186.09) and set an equal weight rating on the stock in a research note on Tuesday  February 15th. One equities research analyst has rated the stock with a sell rating  four have given a hold rating and four have issued a buy rating to the company. Based on data from MarketBeat.com  the stock currently has a consensus rating of Hold and a consensus price target of $151.03.OTCMKTS:DBOEY opened at $18.14 on Thursday. The stock’s 50-day simple moving average is $17.40 and its 200 day simple moving average is $16.95. The firm has a market capitalization of $34.47 billion  a PE ratio of 21.46  a price-to-earnings-growth ratio of 1.90 and a beta of 0.79. Deutsche Börse has a twelve month low of $14.77 and a twelve month high of $18.44.Deutsche Börse (OTCMKTS:DBOEY – Get Rating) last released its quarterly earnings data on Wednesday  February 9th. The financial services provider reported $0.19 earnings per share for the quarter  beating the consensus estimate of $0.18 by $0.01. The business had revenue of $1.35 billion for the quarter. Deutsche Börse had a return on equity of 18.26% and a net margin of 27.59%. As a group  sell-side analysts anticipate that Deutsche Börse will post 0.82 EPS for the current fiscal year.Deutsche Börse Company Profile (Get Rating)Deutsche BÃ¶rse AG operates as an exchange organization in Europe  the United States  and the Asia-Pacific. The company operates through seven segments: Eurex (Financial Derivatives)  EEX (Commodities)  360T (Foreign Exchange)  Xetra (Cash Equities)  Clearstream (Post-Trading)  IFS (Investment Fund Services)  and Qontigo (index and analytics business).Further ReadingGet a free copy of the Zacks research report on Deutsche Börse (DBOEY)For more information about research offerings from Zacks Investment Research  visit Zacks.comReceive News & Ratings for Deutsche Börse Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Deutsche Börse and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.,neutral,0.01,0.82,0.17,negative,0.02,0.47,0.51,True,English,"['Zacks Investment Research', 'Deutsche Börse', 'OTCMKTS', 'DBOEY', 'Deutsche Börse Company Profile', '50-day simple moving average', '200 day simple moving average', 'international central securities depository', 'Deutsche Börse alerts', 'FREE daily email newsletter', 'Deutsche Börse Daily', 'One equities research analyst', 'various information technology services', 'Deutsche BÃ¶rse AG', 'concise daily summary', 'Deutsche Borse AG', 'Frankfurt am Main', 'Exane BNP Paribas', 'current fiscal year', 'Investment Fund Services', 'Deutsche Bank Aktiengesellschaft', 'financial services provider', 'Credit Suisse Group', 'equal weight rating', 'twelve month low', 'Zacks Investment Research', 'electronic trading systems', 'quarterly earnings data', 'consensus price target', 'Zacks research report', 'Cash Equities', 'free copy', 'email address', 'services portfolio', 'research note', 'Royal Bank', 'Financial Derivatives', 'research offerings', 'consensus rating', 'consensus estimate', 'custody services', 'Zacks.com', 'Get Rating', 'sell rating', 'exchange organization', 'settlement systems', 'securities industry', 'buy rating', 'neutral rating', 'outperform rating', 'Morgan Stanley', 'MarketBeat.com', 'market capitalization', 'PE ratio', 'earnings-growth ratio', 'net margin', 'United States', 'seven segments', 'Foreign Exchange', 'related companies', 'market data', 'master data', 'macroeconomic data', 'derivatives trading', 'hold rating', 'other analysts', 'global clearing', 'analytics business', 'latest news', ""analysts' ratings"", 'index development', 'OTCMKTS:DBOEY', '$0.19 earnings', 'shares', 'Thursday', 'product', 'provision', 'operation', 'prices', 'revenues', 'indices', 'statistics', 'addition', 'safekeeping', 'administration', 'Germany', 'number', 'Tuesday', 'stock', 'March', 'coverage', 'April', 'Canada', 'sector', 'Monday', 'February', 'firm', 'beta', 'last', 'Wednesday', 'return', 'equity', '0.82 EPS', 'Europe', 'Asia-Pacific', 'Eurex', 'EEX', 'Commodities', '360T', 'Xetra', 'Clearstream', 'Post-Trading', 'IFS', 'Qontigo', 'Reading', '18.']",2022-04-15,2022-04-15,defenseworld.net
3004,Deutsche Boerse,Google API,https://dailyhodl.com/2022/04/15/this-is-the-most-crypto-friendly-country-in-the-world-according-to-analysis-firm-coincub/,This Is the Most Crypto-Friendly Country in the World  According to Analysis Firm Coincub,1 hour ago,A new study from crypto insights firm Coincub is shedding light on the most accommodating markets in the world for the digital asset industry.Coincub’s latest report says that Germany has now replaced Singapore as the most crypto-friendly country on earth.The analytics firm highlights a number of key developments over the past year that have helped Europe’s largest economy to overtake Singapore.“Germany is already one of the world’s most crypto-friendly countries. The country also has the highest number of Bitcoin nodes besides the US  but with a smaller population and GDP demonstrating an even greater commitment to crypto. There have been several positive developments over the last few months.The Federal Financial Supervisory Authority issued a crypto custody business license for Coinbase’s German arm earlier this year. German stock market operator Deutsche Boerse has also listed more than 20 crypto exchange-traded products on its digital exchange  Xetra. The Sparkasse savings bank looking into offering wallets to trade crypto is a huge step for institutional acceptance.”With Singapore now ranked second  the United States now sits in third  followed by Australia  Switzerland and Hong Kong.Coincub says that the United Arab Emirates (UAE) has become a new country on the list  appearing at number 22 after previously taking a hard stance against crypto with bans on trading and other activity. India has moved up to number 19  but as Coincub says  suffers from indecisive government policy.Don't Miss a Beat – Subscribe to get crypto email alerts delivered directly to your inboxFollow us on Twitter Facebook and TelegramCheck Latest News HeadlinesDisclaimer: Opinions expressed at The Daily Hodl are not investment advice. Investors should do their due diligence before making any high-risk investments in Bitcoin  cryptocurrency or digital assets. Please be advised that your transfers and trades are at your own risk  and any loses you may incur are your responsibility. The Daily Hodl does not recommend the buying or selling of any cryptocurrencies or digital assets  nor is The Daily Hodl an investment advisor. Please note that The Daily Hodl participates in affiliate marketing.Featured Image: Shutterstock/Tungo747/Fotomay,neutral,0.07,0.85,0.08,mixed,0.09,0.21,0.7,True,English,"['Analysis Firm Coincub', 'Crypto-Friendly Country', 'World', 'The Federal Financial Supervisory Authority', 'The Sparkasse savings bank', 'German stock market operator', 'crypto custody business license', 'The Daily Hodl', 'indecisive government policy', 'several positive developments', 'United Arab Emirates', 'Latest News Headlines', '20 crypto exchange-traded products', 'crypto email alerts', 'digital asset industry', 'crypto insights firm', 'German arm', 'latest report', 'analytics firm', 'key developments', 'United States', 'digital exchange', 'digital assets', 'new study', 'accommodating markets', 'past year', 'largest economy', 'crypto-friendly countries', 'smaller population', 'greater commitment', 'Deutsche Boerse', 'huge step', 'institutional acceptance', 'Hong Kong', 'hard stance', 'other activity', 'investment advice', 'due diligence', 'high-risk investments', 'investment advisor', 'affiliate marketing', 'Featured Image', 'crypto-friendly country', 'new country', 'Bitcoin nodes', 'highest number', 'Coincub', 'light', 'world', 'Germany', 'Singapore', 'earth', 'Europe', 'GDP', 'last', 'months', 'Coinbase', 'Xetra', 'wallets', 'Australia', 'Switzerland', 'UAE', 'list', 'bans', 'trading', 'India', 'Beat', 'inbox', 'Twitter', 'Facebook', 'Telegram', 'Disclaimer', 'Opinions', 'Investors', 'cryptocurrency', 'transfers', 'trades', 'loses', 'responsibility', 'buying', 'selling', 'cryptocurrencies', 'Shutterstock', 'Tungo74', 'Fotomay']",2022-04-15,2022-04-15,dailyhodl.com
3005,Deutsche Boerse,Google API,https://www.streetinsider.com/Accesswire/ePlay+Digital+Joins+IPwe+Metaverse+Smart+Pool/19914409.html,ePlay Digital Joins IPwe Metaverse Smart Pool,1 day ago,"Program protects and extends Klocked World Metaverse innovation capacity and partnershipsVANCOUVER  BC / ACCESSWIRE / April 14  2022 / ePlay Digital Inc . ( CSE:EPY) (OTC PINK:EPYFF) (FSE:2NY2 ) (the ""Company"") today announced membership in the IPwe Metaverse Smart Pool. The Metaverse Smart Pool is designed to permit innovation leaders in the space to make their innovations available to other participants in the industry that can be built on and improved upon. The metaverse holds incredible promise reaching about $500 billion in 2020 and expected to be an $800 billion market by 2024.""The Metaverse Smart Pool has already attracted 72 members in just three months  an extraordinary feat in the industry "" says Lavinia Meliti  Global Head of Business Development at IPwe. ""We are incredibly excited to continue to expand our membership while simultaneously observing the metaverse related innovation taking place"".ePlay brings the award-winning Klocked Sports World Advanced Metaverse Platform and other ePlay Digital intellectual property to the IPwe Metaverse Smart Pool. ePlay's portfolio of games and apps include 7-time NBA champion Robert Horry  comedian and producer Howie Mandel  and Olympic Decathlete Michael Smith. ePlay has created the Klocked World of Sports that integrates the 15 title portfolio  including the award-winning Klocked app  Howie Go Viral  and Big Shot Basketball into the companies metaverse platform.IPwe's Metaverse Smart Pool is designed to permit innovation leaders to make innovations available to other participants  including large corporations  that can be built on and improved upon. It strikes a balance between open innovation and a fair return for innovators. Innovators are able to encourage adoption and generate a return on their innovation efforts.""We are thrilled to be working with IPwe to enable ePlay Digital to protect  democratize  manage risk  and innovate our sports and entertainment worlds with advanced metaverse  web3  and blockchain technologies "" says Trevor Doerksen  CEO of ePlay Digital.Klocked Sports Science Platform is now available in the free Klocked App .About IPweFounded in 2018  IPwe is a global innovation platform leveraging the power of artificial intelligence  predictive analytics and blockchain technology. Through the IPwe Platform  large enterprises  SMEs  owners  those looking to enhance their innovation profiles and those with a legal  technical or financial focus benefit from IPwe's mission to empower innovation in emerging technologies. IPwe is committed to improving ROI whether measured by dollar returns  jobs created  ventures launched  or problems solved by increasing transparency  lowering costs and enhancing returns for the entire innovation ecosystem.About ePlayePlay Digital Inc. is a mobile game creator and publisher specializing in sports  esports and entertainment augmented reality titles  including the award-winning augmented reality running app  Klocked.run   sports gaming app Fan Freak   flagship title Big Shot Basketball and Howie Mandel mobile game collaboration - HowiesGames.com . ePlay is operated by an award-winning team of sports  gaming and eSports leaders as well as broadcast and digital technology industry experts  software engineers and athletes who have brought dozens of game titles to market for companies including Time Warner Cable  ESPN  Sony Pictures  AXS TV  Intel  AXN  Fiat  CBS  and others.ePlay's wholly-owned subsidiary Mobovivo specializes in augmented reality  mobile game  Web3  and metaverse development.ePlay Released GamesHowie Go Viral - iOS / AndroidOutbreak ES - iOSOutbreak Unlimited - iOS / AndroidSwishAR ES - iOSSwishAR - iOS / AndroidBig Shot Basketball - iOS / AndroidBig Swish - iOSBig Shot Swish ES - iOSKlocked Augmented Reality Fitness App - Klocked.meFan Freak Sports AppFurther InformationFurther details are available under the Company's profile on SEDAR at www.sedar.com and the Company's profile on the CSE's website at www.thecse.com/For further media information  or to set up an interview  please contact:ePlay Digital Inc.(310) 684-3857‬E-mail: info@eplaydigital.comWebsite: www.eplaydigital.comCanadian Securities Exchange (CSE): Symbol EPYDeutsche Boerse Xetra - Frankfurt Stock Exchange: Symbol 2NY2; WKN: A2AN4D; ISIN CA26885W1041SOURCE: ePlay Digital Inc.View source version on accesswire.com:",neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,mixed,0.64,0.18,0.18,True,English,"['IPwe Metaverse Smart Pool', 'ePlay Digital', 'award-winning Klocked Sports World Advanced Metaverse Platform', 'winning augmented reality running app', 'Klocked Augmented Reality Fitness App', 'sports gaming app Fan Freak', 'Klocked World Metaverse innovation capacity', 'other ePlay Digital intellectual property', 'Howie Mandel mobile game collaboration', 'Fan Freak Sports App', 'Olympic Decathlete Michael Smith', 'The Metaverse Smart Pool', 'Klocked Sports Science Platform', 'entertainment augmented reality titles', 'Big Shot Swish ES', 'IPwe Metaverse Smart Pool', 'digital technology industry experts', 'award-winning Klocked app', 'free Klocked App', 'Big Shot Basketball', 'mobile game creator', 'companies metaverse platform', 'Howie Go Viral', 'metaverse related innovation', '7-time NBA champion', 'financial focus benefit', 'Time Warner Cable', 'Canadian Securities Exchange', 'Deutsche Boerse Xetra', 'Frankfurt Stock Exchange', 'global innovation platform', 'entire innovation ecosystem', 'ePlay Digital Inc', 'Android Big Swish', 'award-winning team', 'game titles', 'Klocked.run', 'IPwe Platform', 'metaverse development', 'other participants', 'entertainment worlds', 'blockchain technology', 'Outbreak ES', 'innovation leaders', 'Global Head', 'open innovation', 'innovation efforts', 'innovation profiles', 'OTC PINK', 'incredible promise', 'three months', 'extraordinary feat', 'Lavinia Meliti', 'Business Development', 'Robert Horry', 'large corporations', 'blockchain technologies', 'Trevor Doerksen', 'artificial intelligence', 'predictive analytics', 'large enterprises', 'legal, technical', 'emerging technologies', 'flagship title', 'software engineers', 'Sony Pictures', 'AXS TV', 'Outbreak Unlimited', 'Further Information', 'Further details', 'media information', '$800 billion market', '15 title portfolio', 'fair return', 'dollar returns', 'eSports leaders', 'source version', 'Symbol EPY', 'Program', 'partnerships', 'VANCOUVER', 'BC', 'ACCESSWIRE', 'April', 'CSE', 'EPYFF', 'FSE', '2NY2', 'Company', 'membership', 'space', 'innovations', '72 members', 'place', 'games', 'apps', 'comedian', 'producer', 'balance', 'innovators', 'adoption', 'risk', 'web', 'CEO', 'power', 'SMEs', 'owners', 'mission', 'jobs', 'ventures', 'problems', 'transparency', 'costs', 'publisher', 'broadcast', 'athletes', 'dozens', 'ESPN', 'AXN', 'Fiat', 'CBS', 'others', 'subsidiary', 'Mobovivo', 'iOS', 'SwishAR', 'SEDAR', 'interview', 'mail', 'eplaydigital', 'WKN', 'A2AN4D', 'ISIN']",2022-04-15,2022-04-15,streetinsider.com
3006,Deutsche Boerse,Bing API,https://zwnews.com/former-cftc-chair-chris-giancarlo-joins-digital-assets-board/,Former CFTC Chair Chris Giancarlo joins Digital Asset’s board.,Commodity Futures Trading Commission chairman has joined the board of directors of Digital Asset  visit official website. Chairman J.,In recent news  J. Christopher Giancarlo  Ex- (CFTC) Commodity Futures Trading Commission chairman has joined the board of directors of Digital Asset  visit official website.Chairman J. Christopher Giancarlo also popularly known as the “Crypto Dad” was a regulator in the crypto space. Due to his friendly attitude in the cryptocurrency space  he spent five years of his career serving in several positions in the crypto sphere. However  he left The Commodity Futures Trading Commission in 2019 setting himself on a new path.Giancarlo has now joined the boards of directors of digital assets and will direct the leadership of digital assets. He will be focusing on regulatory  asset tokenization  monetary development  and distributed ledger technology as regards the cryptocurrency industry. With Giancarlo being in the legal and regulatory position he is a perfect match to join the board’s team.The CFTC former chair is now working at Willkie Farr and Gallagher law firm and the Nonprofit organization’s digital dollar project. The project is geared towards contributing to the lawmakers on the evolution of central Bank Digital currency.Digital assets are digital presentations of all kinds of objects and their connected importance. They allow access for ownership of transfer without the need for paper documents. Furthermore  digital assets facilitate the ability to connect to existing networks. It also provides investment solutions by disseminating a single source of truth across different networks  and institutions.Ultimately  this will help to improve the systems and propel growth. Giancarlo said that in a bid to preserve ways for interconnecting with businesses and sharing assets the digital economy has to be thoroughly safeguarded.During the time of Gianarclo as chair for CFTC  he was also a member of the United States financial stability oversight committee. He also belonged to the executive board of international organizations of securities commission while working on financial markets. He oversaw and advocated for the regulation of Bitcoin futures  proposing a do not harm strategy to the cryptocurrency industry.As regards the new CFTC commissioner Rostin Behnam  he assumed the position in 2021 before he was later confirmed in December by the senate.Giancarlo also validated his selection to the board  saying he was thrilled to be involved with a blockchain technology service provider. During the presidential reign of President Barack Obama and Donald Trump  Mr. Goancarlo also performed competently between 2014 to 2019 as the 13th CFTC chairman.He launched the first bitcoin futures contracts  allowing the evolution of LabCFTC as the stakeholder agency of the digital trading derivatives.The building of a business future network that allows organizations in the world to innovate across borders is made possible through digital assets.Digital Asset is preserving privacy and minimizing risk  Mr.GiancarIo who also strongly believe in the power of its digital assets goal and its technology to address these challenges  said he could not be more excited to join the Company’s BoardYuval Rooz  Co-Founder  and CEO of Digital Asset received him  he further gave remarkable words about Chris Giancarlo to the digital assets board. In his words  he affirmed that Giancarlo is highly commendable in the digital financial and traditional markets.It’s evident that Giancarlo is an important contributor and prominent blockchain technology proponent to the world views on digital assets. Hence  his knowledge will be pivotal to the growth and accomplishment of the industry. This is especially true as this lead will help buyers guide through the intricacies of forming coherent business interconnections.Private equity firms in a Series D financing increase digital assets by US$120 million led by 7RIDGE and Eldridge. Digital Asset also reinforced its position in stock markets  endorsing new partnerships with Goldman Sachs  Deutsche Börse  Nasdaq  and the Australian Securities Exchange.Giancarlo presently serves as senior adviser to the multinational law firm Willkie Farr & Gallagher and is a partner on various boards  such as common securitization solution  Nomura Holdings  LLC  and The American Financial Exchange.Chris Giancarlo is very excited to be part of raising more blockchain startups.Since it was established in 2014  Digital Asset through several funding rounds has raised over $300 million. It’s the latest fundraising which took place in April 2021  raked in $120 million. The company has also acquired various crypto companies in the blockchain space. Some of these companies include Elevance  Hyperledger  Bits of Proof  and Blockstack.,neutral,0.02,0.97,0.02,mixed,0.75,0.19,0.06,True,English,"['Former CFTC Chair Chris Giancarlo', 'Digital Asset', 'board', 'United States financial stability oversight committee', 'The Commodity Futures Trading Commission', 'The American Financial Exchange', 'first bitcoin futures contracts', 'central Bank Digital currency', 'blockchain technology service provider', 'prominent blockchain technology proponent', 'The CFTC former chair', 'Chairman J. Christopher Giancarlo', 'digital trading derivatives', '13th CFTC chairman', 'distributed ledger technology', 'President Barack Obama', 'business future network', 'coherent business interconnections', 'Private equity firms', 'Series D financing', 'Deutsche Börse', 'Australian Securities Exchange', 'multinational law firm', 'common securitization solution', 'several funding rounds', 'new CFTC commissioner', 'Gallagher law firm', 'regulatory, asset tokenization', 'digital assets goal', 'digital dollar project', 'various crypto companies', 'securities commission', 'digital assets board', 'digital financial', 'financial markets', 'blockchain startups', 'blockchain space', 'several positions', 'new path', 'new partnerships', 'digital presentations', 'digital economy', 'Crypto Dad', 'crypto space', 'crypto sphere', 'recent news', 'official website', 'friendly attitude', 'cryptocurrency space', 'five years', 'monetary development', 'perfect match', 'Willkie Farr', 'Nonprofit organization', 'connected importance', 'paper documents', 'existing networks', 'investment solutions', 'single source', 'different networks', 'harm strategy', 'Rostin Behnam', 'presidential reign', 'Donald Trump', 'Mr. Goancarlo', 'stakeholder agency', 'Mr.GiancarIo', 'Yuval Rooz', 'traditional markets', 'important contributor', 'stock markets', 'Goldman Sachs', 'senior adviser', 'various boards', 'Nomura Holdings', 'latest fundraising', 'regulatory position', 'cryptocurrency industry', 'Chris Giancarlo', 'executive board', 'international organizations', 'remarkable words', 'world views', 'directors', 'career', 'leadership', 'legal', 'team', 'lawmakers', 'evolution', 'kinds', 'objects', 'access', 'ownership', 'transfer', 'need', 'truth', 'institutions', 'systems', 'growth', 'bid', 'ways', 'businesses', 'time', 'Gianarclo', 'member', 'regulation', 'December', 'senate', 'selection', 'LabCFTC', 'building', 'borders', 'privacy', 'risk', 'power', 'challenges', 'Company', 'Founder', 'CEO', 'knowledge', 'accomplishment', 'buyers', 'intricacies', '7RIDGE', 'Eldridge', 'Nasdaq', 'LLC', 'place', 'April', 'Elevance', 'Hyperledger', 'Bits', 'Proof', 'Blockstack']",2022-04-15,2022-04-15,zwnews.com
3007,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/evs-invites-shareholders-ordinary-general-043000377.html,Evs Invites Its Shareholders to the Ordinary General Meeting and an Extraordinary General Meeting on May 17  2022,Publication on April 15  2022  before market openingRegulated informationEVS Broadcast Equipment S.A.: Euronext Brussels (EVS.BR)  Bloomberg (EVS BB...,Publication on April 15  2022  before market openingRegulated informationEVS Broadcast Equipment S.A.: Euronext Brussels (EVS.BR)  Bloomberg (EVS BB)  Reuters (EVSB.BR)EVS INVITES ITS SHAREHOLDERS TO THE ORDINARY GENERAL MEETING AND AN EXTRAORDINARY GENERAL MEETING ON MAY 17  2022EVS Broadcast Equipment  leading provider of live video production systems  published today the invitation to its Ordinary General Meeting  to be held on May 17  2022  at 11 am  at its registered office in Seraing  to deliberate on the agenda available on the website of the company (see link below).Aside from the usual topics  including the annual report  the Board of Directors will propose to the Shareholders to approve the following resolutions:The payment of a total gross dividend of EUR 1.50 per share (including the interim dividend of EUR 0.50 paid in November 2021);A profit-sharing plan in the form of a grant of 56 EVS shares for each EVS employee  in proportion to their effective services in 2021;Board mandates: The appointment of Frédéric Vincent as independent Director The appointment of Marco Miserez as independent Director The resignation of Philippe Mercelis as independent Director (subject to the appointment of Marco Miserez as independent director)The potential variable remuneration and allocation of warrants to the new CFO  CTO and EVP Operations & Projects;The renewal of the mandate of the Auditor; andThe update of the remuneration of the members of the Board of Directors (and the remuneration policy that has been updated accordingly).An Extraordinary General Meeting of the company will also be held on the same day  at 12 pm  at its registered office in Seraing  to deliberate on the agenda available on the website of the company (see link below).The Board of Directors will propose to this effect to the Shareholders to approve:The renewal of the existing authorization granted to the Board of Directors to increase the capital within the framework of the authorized capital procedure as per the Belgian Companies and Associations Code;The renewal of the existing authorization granted to the Board of Directors to acquire and dispose of the company’s share as per the Belgian Companies and Associations Code; andThe issuance of subscription rights (warrants).Story continuesWarning Covid-19: in view of the still sensitive health situation  the company recommends its shareholders to avoid any risk related to the spread of Covid-19 and  therefore  not to attend the above-mentioned General Meetings in person and to exercise their rights at General Meetings by voting by proxy.The convocation and all documents relating to the General Meetings of May 17  2022 are available on the website of EVS Broadcast Equipment at https://evs.com/en/corporate/corporate-governance/general-meetings  including the 2021 annual report.For more information  please contact:Veerle De Wit  CFO*EVS Broadcast Equipment S.A.  Liege Science Park  13 rue du Bois Saint-Jean  B-4102 Seraing  BelgiumTel: +32 4 361 70 04. E-Mail:corpcom@evs.com; www.evs.com* representing a SRLForward Looking StatementsThis press release contains forward-looking statements with respect to the business  financial condition  and results of operations of EVS and its affiliates. These statements are based on the current expectations or beliefs ’f EVS's management and are subject to a number of risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results or performance of the Company to differ materially from those contemplated in such forward-looking statements. These risks and uncertainties relate to changes in technology and market requirements  the company’s concentration on one industry  decline in demand for the company’s products and those of its affiliates  inability to timely develop and introduce new technologies  products and applications  and loss of market share and pressure on pricing resulting from competition which could cause the actual results or performance of the company to differ materially from those contemplated in such forward-looking statements. EVS undertakes no obligation to publicly release any revisions to these forward-looking statements to reflect events or circumstances after the date hereof or to reflect the occurrence of unanticipated events.About EVSEVS is globally recognized as the leader in live video technology for broadcast and new media productions. Our passion and purpose are to help our clients craft immersive stories that trigger the best return on emotion. Through a wide range of products and solutions  we deliver the most gripping live sports images  buzzing entertainment shows and breaking news content to billions of viewers every day – and in real-time.The company is headquartered in Belgium with offices in Europe  the Middle East  Asia and North America  and provides sales and technical support to more than 100 countries. EVS is a public company traded on Euronext Brussels: EVS  ISIN: BE0003820371.For more information  please visit www.evs.com.Attachment,neutral,0.03,0.93,0.03,mixed,0.26,0.22,0.52,True,English,"['Ordinary General Meeting', 'Evs', 'Shareholders', 'May', 'EVS Broadcast Equipment S.A', 'Frédéric Vincent', '13 rue du Bois Saint-Jean', 'gripping live sports images', 'live video production systems', 'live video technology', 'sensitive health situation', 'Veerle De Wit', 'Liege Science Park', 'ORDINARY GENERAL MEETING', 'total gross dividend', 'new media productions', 'potential variable remuneration', 'General Meetings', 'interim dividend', 'new CFO', 'new technologies', 'market opening', 'Euronext Brussels', 'leading provider', 'registered office', 'usual topics', 'annual report', 'following resolutions', 'profit-sharing plan', 'effective services', 'independent Director', 'Marco Miserez', 'Philippe Mercelis', 'remuneration policy', 'same day', 'existing authorization', 'Belgian Companies', 'Associations Code', 'Warning Covid', 'press release', 'financial condition', 'current expectations', 'market requirements', 'one industry', 'immersive stories', 'best return', 'wide range', 'entertainment shows', 'news content', 'Middle East', 'North America', 'technical support', 'EVS.BR', 'EVS BB', '56 EVS shares', 'EVS employee', 'looking statements', 'actual results', 'EVP Operations', 'capital procedure', 'subscription rights', 'unanticipated events', 'Regulated information', 'B-4102 Seraing', 'market share', 'Board mandates', 'public company', 'Publication', 'April', 'Bloomberg', 'Reuters', 'EVSB.', 'SHAREHOLDERS', 'MAY', 'invitation', '11 am', 'agenda', 'website', 'link', 'Directors', 'payment', 'November', 'grant', 'proportion', 'appointment', 'resignation', 'allocation', 'warrants', 'Projects', 'renewal', 'Auditor', 'update', 'members', 'framework', 'issuance', 'Story', 'view', 'risk', 'spread', 'Covid-19', 'person', 'proxy', 'convocation', 'documents', 'corporate/corporate-governance/general-meetings', 'Belgium', 'Tel', 'Mail', 'SRL', 'forward', 'respect', 'business', 'affiliates', 'beliefs', 'management', 'number', 'uncertainties', 'performance', 'changes', 'concentration', 'demand', 'products', 'inability', 'applications', 'loss', 'pressure', 'pricing', 'competition', 'obligation', 'revisions', 'circumstances', 'occurrence', 'leader', 'passion', 'purpose', 'clients', 'emotion', 'billions', 'real-time', 'offices', 'Europe', 'Asia', 'sales', '100 countries', 'ISIN', 'Attachment', '2021', '12']",2022-04-15,2022-04-15,finance.yahoo.com
3008,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/filing-opening-court-ordered-reorganization-064500140.html,"Filing for the opening of Court-ordered reorganization proceedings (""redressement judiciaire"") and the implementation of a disposal plan for the Group's industrial assets (""prépack cession"")  following the failure of the debt restructuring","Recylex S.A. (Euronext Paris: FR0000120388 - RX) (the ""Company"") notes  in light of the offers received in the context of the asset disposal process that the...","RECYLEX SARecylex S.A. (Euronext Paris: FR0000120388 - RX) (the ""Company"") notes  in light of the offers received in the context of the asset disposal process that the Company had initiated in May 2021  that (i) it will not have sufficient financial resources to allow a debt restructuring in an amicable framework  and (ii) it will be impossible to implement the envisaged asset disposal program in an in bonis1 framework.The offers received by the Company to date are as follows:An offer for the Escaudoeuvres and Villefranche-sur-Saône industrial sites and the shares of the subsidiary C2P S.A.S. for less than €2.5 million  allowing the preservation of the business and jobs (60 jobs in total);Two offers for the 50% stake in Recytech S.A. for a total of €40 million  this stake being subject to a first and second ranking pledge in favour of Glencore International AG;Offers valuing the discontinued Estaque site for an amount of less than €0.5 million (on the assumption of environmental rehabilitation obligations taken over by the potential buyer).This compares with total net debt of €52.2 million  plus provisions for environmental risks and liabilities of €16.2 million2  for a total of €68.4 million. The Company does not expect to receive any further offers in view of the extensive due diligence undertaken to find potential buyers.This asset disposal process was part of an amicable prevention procedure (conciliation)  which has been underway for several months  at the initiative of the Company  and which will end on April 15  2022  without a debt-restructuring plan having been approved.In addition  a significant portion of the Group's debt will also become due after April 15  2022.As a result  the Company will be in a state of cessation of payments and is preparing to file for reorganization proceedings (“redressement judiciaire”) before the Paris Commercial Court  under the conditions provided for by law3.The Company notes that the conditional offer received from Campine NV for the two industrial sites (including its subsidiary C2P S.A.S.  located at the Villefranche-sur-Saône site) is likely to maintain the activities of the Group's industrial sites and the associated jobs. However  it is still uncertain whether these conditions will be met.Story continuesThis offer remains subject to an agreement between Campine NV and the French government on the amounts of the financial guarantees that the buyer would have to put in place in the event of the takeover of the operation of these two sites  which are classified as ""Seveso"".If the Court grants the request for the opening of reorganization proceedings (“redressement judiciaire”)  this procedure will allow the examination by the Court of the offer received from Campine NV and the study of a judicial solution for the restructuring of the Company's debt.As this is the only offer for the industrial sites  the Company will request that Campine NV's offer be examined by the Paris Commercial Court according to the “prépack cession” procedure - which implies  in particular  an accelerated timetable - in order to limit the consequences on the activity and employment at the industrial sites.The asset disposal process carried out by the Company since May 2021  in parallel with the process of restructuring its debt  is thus in the hands of the Paris Commercial Court.In the event of the opening of reorganization proceedings (“redressement judiciaire”) it should be noted  however  that  given the importance of the debts and other liabilities  and the low value of the assets resulting from the offers received  the prospects of the adoption of a reorganization plan (“plan de redressement”)  in parallel with the envisaged “prépack cession”  remain uncertain.***The Company reiterates below in more detail the announcements made today:Offers received for the Company's assets;Inability to present a debt restructuring plan in an amicable framework;Examination by the Paris Commercial Court of the offer received for the industrial sites in the context of the asset disposal process (""prépack cession"").1. Offers received for the Company's assetsThe Company's only assets to date are the following4:The Villefranche-sur-Saône and Escaudœuvres sites for the recycling of used lead-acid batteries  as well as the polypropylene waste recycling business of the subsidiary C2P S.A.S. located at the Villefranche-sur-Saône site;the 50% stake in Recytech S.A.;Discontinued mining and industrial sites  including the Estaque site in Marseille.Offer for the Villefranche-sur-Saône and Escaudœuvres sitesThe structured and competitive sales process conducted by the Company since May 2021 has enabled to identify and approach  through the intermediary of the investment bank ODDO BHF Corporate Finance  nearly 80 potential investors  to finally obtain a single offer for the Group's ""lead"" and ""plastics"" operations.This offer from Campine NV  a Belgian company listed on Euronext Brussels  would ensure the takeover of all the industrial activities and almost all employees of the Villefranche-sur-Saône and Escaudœuvres sites  including C2P S.A.S. (via a takeover of the corresponding stake)  while providing a new overall industrial vision for the years to come.This offer is likely to promote the sustainability of activities and jobs at sites that are fully committed to the lead and plastic waste recycling economy.The proceeds from the sale of all the industrial activities being less than €2.5 million  notably because of the significant investments to be made at these two sites  it would not contribute significantly to the restructuring of the Group's debtAt the date of publication of this press release  the offer received remains subject to certain conditions related to the level of the overall amount of the environmental financial guarantees to be provided by the buyer  in accordance with the provisions of articles L.516-1 and L.516-2 of the French Environmental Code. Discussions are currently underway between the Government departments concerned and the potential buyer. Given the nature of these conditions  the Company is not currently in a position to comment on the fulfilment and lifting of these conditions  which are beyond the Company's control.Offers concerning the discontinued Estaque siteThe discontinued Estaque site has been the subject of an environmental remediation program for several years. The Company has received proposals to acquire this site with a tiers demandeur mechanism5 that would allow a significant portion of the remaining remediation costs to be transferred to the buyer. The expected proceeds from the sale would be less than €0.5 million and would not contribute significantly to the restructuring of the Group's debt.Offers for the stake in Recytech S.A.The Company has received indicative offers of up to €40 million for its 50% stake in Recytech S.A. The proceeds from the sale of this stake are expected  based on the offers received  to be fully received by Glencore International AG  as the Company's main creditor and beneficiary of a first and second ranking pledge on the Company's stake in Recytech S.A. (it being specified that the amounts guaranteed by these pledges amount to €47.1 million as of March 31  20226). These offers are not likely to enable the Company's debts to be restructured and  by extension  its activities and jobs to be maintained.2. Inability to present a debt restructuring plan in an amicable frameworkGross financial debt and other liabilities amount to 82.3 million euro to date  as summarized below:Summary of known debts and liabilities In millions of euros Glencore International AG 27.5 European Commission 25.7 SNCF Réseau / Retia 2.9 Others 0.3 Financial debts 56.4 Rehabilitation of former mining sites and Estaque 13.4 Litigation Metaleurop Nord 4.0 Litigation SNCF Réseau 8.5 Provisions for other liabilities 25.9 Total provisioned debts and other liabilities 82.3 Cash and cash equivalents 4.2As consequence  the offers received do not provide the Company with sufficient financial resources to consider restructuring its debt.The imminent expiration and the failure of the current conciliation procedure  as well as the payability of a large part of the debt after April 15  2022  will lead the Company to declare a situation of cessation of payments under the conditions provided for by law and to request the opening of a Court-ordered reorganization proceedings (“redressement judiciaire”) in which the sale of the ""lead"" and ""plastic"" operations could be ordered by the Court.2.1. Significant debt and liabilities inherited from the pastNet financial debtAs of March 31  2022  the Company’s net financial debt amounted to €52.2 million (excluding IFRS 16 rental debt).Debt Creditors million euros €16 million loan (a) Glencore International AG 18.6 Debt related to the European Commission fine (b) European Commission 25.7 Clawback clause (c) Glencore International AG & Others 4.1 Rescheduled debt from the 2005-2015 continuation plan (d) Glencore International AG 5.1 SNCF Réseau/ Retia SASU (e) 2.9 Total debt 56.4 Total available cash 4.2 Net debt as of March 31  2022 52.2Financial debt breaks down as follows:Loan of €16 million (€18.6 million including capitalized interest) taken out in 2014 with Glencore International AG. At the end of December 2021  the Company obtained from Glencore International AG an extension of the conditional waiver of its right to declare the loan immediately due and payable until April 15  2022 at the latest (previously January 31  2022). Given the absence of a debt-restructuring plan in an amicable framework and the expiration of Glencore International AG's conditional waiver of its right to declare the loan immediately due on April 15  2022  the liabilities corresponding to the accrued interest (€2.5 million) will now become due and payable after that date. As regards the principal  the corresponding liability will now be considered as an unmatured demand liability due to Glencore International AG's right to declare the loan due at any time; Debt relating to the European Commission fine of €25.7 million  including interest on suspended maturities. In September 2020  the Company temporarily suspended payment of the fine in the context of discussions with the European Commission. The outstanding maturities amount to €2.7 million as of March 31  2021. The full amount of the fine will become due after April 15  2022; Clawback clause under the 2005-2015 continuation plan for an amount of €4.1 million7. The amounts due under this debt amount to €3.8 million at December 31  2021  with Glencore International AG as the main creditor for €3.5 million. The total amount will become due after April 15  2022  as the suspension of the due date granted by Glencore International AG will end on that date; The rescheduled debt  due in 2026  resulting from the Company's continuation plan  for an amount of €5.1 million towards Glencore International AG; An estimated debt of €2.9 million8 in connection with the order by the Marseille Administrative Court ruling to pay €5.7 million to SNCF Réseau in solidum with Retia SASU. Retia SASU  which indicates having paid the full amount called in by SNCF Réseau  i.e. €5.7 million  in December 2021  would therefore have a recourse claim against the Company.These debts are largely attributable to the past of the former Metaleurop Group.It should be noted in this respect that since 2005 the Company has disbursed nearly €108 million euros for liabilities related to the past  including:€42 million under its continuation plan;€24 million in compensations paid to former employees of Metaleurop Nord S.A.S. following legal proceedings initiated by them; and€42 million for the remediation of former mining sites and the discontinued Estaque site.Other liabilitiesThe Company also has a number of environmental liabilities inherited from its industrial and mining past  including:Provisions Nature million euros Liabilities for the rehabilitation of former mines (€3.7 million) and the discontinued Estaque site (€9.7 million) Costs provisioned in the amount of 13.4 Judgment by the Marseille Administrative Court in respect of damage allegedly caused by SNCF Réseau to railway infrastructure (joint and several with Retia SASU) (e) Amount provisioned[Initial judgment of up to €63.3 million euros on call for funds] 8.5 Litigation Metaleurop Nord S.A.S. 4.0 Total Provisions 25.9In view of the offers received to date for the discontinued Estaque site  a possible sale of the site with a tiers demandeur mechanism5 would make it possible  in the event of a sale  to transfer the remediation costs and obligations (€9.7 million) to the buyer. The remaining provisions to be cleared in this case would amount to €16.2 million.Liabilities resulting from the decision of the Marseille Administrative CourtOn May 26  2021  the Marseille Administrative Court ordered the Company  jointly and severally with Retia SASU  to pay the SNCF Réseau a provisional amount of €5.7 million for the “global refurbishment” of the railways public domain near the Estaque sector. The Company and Retia SASU must also pay the remainder  up to a maximum of €63.3 million  as and when SNCF Réseau calls for funds9. The Company filed an appeal of this decision on July 22  2021. The Company also filed a request for a temporary suspension of execution on October 29  2021.Retia SASU indicates having paid €5.7 million to SNCF Réseau in December 2021  and would therefore have a recourse claim against the Company – estimated at 50% of this amount (approximately €2.9 million) for accounting purposes subject to the determination of the exact contribution of each party.A provision of €8.5 million euros has been made in the Company's accounts for this litigation with SNCF Réseau.2.2. A weakened business model and an activity that does not allow the repayment of existing debtsSince May 2022  the Group's main activity is the recycling of used lead-acid batteries t the Villefranche-sur-Saône and Escaudœuvres sites  for which the quasi-unique outlet is Nordenham smelter (in Germany)  the industrial site of the former German subgroup (then called Weser-Metall GmbH). The assets of this smelter were taken over by Glencore International AG in August 2021 through its subsidiary Nordenham Metall GmbH. Material purchases from this smelter accounted for 90% of the Recylex Group’s sales in 2021. The Company's business and cash generation capacity are thus highly exposed to fluctuations in demand from Nordenham Metall GmbH  which makes Recylex business model even more fragile.The Group has sought to reduce its heavy dependence on this quasi-unique customer. However  as the recycling process for used batteries at the two French sites was originally designed as an integral part of the Nordenham smelter's secondary materials recovery chain  it became clear that significant industrial changes in the used battery recycling process would be required before other potential customers and market segments could be targeted.Despite the efforts undertaken over the past two years  the Company has not yet succeeded in finding significant new outlets for its products from the recycling of used lead-acid batteries  nor in making the industrial changes necessary to address new outlets.The sustainability of the activity is thus considerably weakened  requiring the takeover by an industrial operator such as Campine NV.2.3. The offers received do not allow for the repayment or restructuring of debtsThe various offers received highlighted the following:It is clear that the proceeds from a potential sale of the Group's assets will not be sufficient to effectively support a restructuring of the debt  or even a sufficiently significant portion thereof; Without significant debt write-offs  which are unlikely due to the security interests in the Company's assets6  the sale of all the assets would not be sufficient to reduce the Company's debt; he valuation process for the discontinued Estaque site has shown that the offers received would only cover the remaining rehabilitation costs and would clearly not contribute to the repayment of the existing debt.2.4. Failure and expiration of the conciliation procedure and cessation of paymentsIn order to deal with the difficulties encountered and the level of indebtedness of the Group  the Company had requested the opening of conciliation proceedings  in order to benefit from a confidential and protective framework  conducive to discussions relating to the restructuring of the debt and the assessment of the feasibility of a sale of all or part of the Company's assets and/or activities  with the assistance of a conciliator.This conciliation procedure was opened by the President of the Paris Commercial Court on June 15  2021.The purpose of this conciliation procedure was to reach an agreement with the financial partners and with any creditors (in particular Glencore International AG  the European Commission and SNCF Réseau) to restructure the debt in order to ensure the sustainability of its operations.By a new order dated November 18  2021  the President of the Paris Commercial Court therefore extended the conciliator's mission to the organization of a partial or total sale of the company  which could be implemented  if necessary  in the context of subsequent reorganization proceedings (namely the French Sauvegarde  Redressement Judiciaire or Liquidation Judiciaire) (“prépack cession” mission).In the absence of an agreement with the creditors  the conciliation procedure  which will end on April 15  2022  will fail.The Company will not have sufficient cash flow to meet its liabilities  which will become due as a result of the expiration and failure of the conciliation procedure.The Company will therefore be obliged to declare its situation of cessation of payments to the Paris Commercial Court and to request the opening of reorganization proceedings (“redressement judiciaire”).3. Examination by the Paris Commercial Court of the offer received for the industrial sites in the context of the asset disposal process (""prépack cession"")The declaration of cessation of payments will be filed by the Company under the conditions provided for by law.The Company will keep investors informed of the Court’s decision.If the application to open Court-ordered reorganization proceedings (“redressement judiciaire”) is granted  the Paris Commercial Court will be asked to examine the offer received from Campine NV in accordance with the terms of the ""prépack cession"" (implying  in particular  an accelerated examination schedule in order to limit the consequences on the activity and employment of the industrial sites) and to order  as a result  the sale of the Company's ""lead"" and ""plastics"" operations in accordance with article L. 631-22 of the French Commercial Code. This assumes  however  that the remaining conditions attached to this offer can be lifted in the near future.At the same time  the Company may study the feasibility of a legal solution for restructuring its debt and the continuation (or sale) of its holding company activity or the sale of the related stake in Recytech S.A.In the event of the opening of reorganization proceedings (“redressement judiciaire”) it should be noted  however  that  given the importance of the debts and other liabilities  and the low value of the assets resulting from the offers received  the prospects of the adoption of a reorganization plan (“plan de redressement”)  in parallel with the envisaged “prépack cession”  remain uncertain.In view of the above  there are no plans at this stage to resume the listing of Recylex S.A. shares.***1 The Latin expression in bonis refers to the situation in which a natural person or legal entity normally has all the rights to its assets.2 Recylex S.A. has made provisions for only €8.5 million in respect of the litigation with SNCF Réseau  in which the Company was ordered in the first instance to pay €63 million jointly and severally with Retia SASU  and the costs of rehabilitation (€9.7 million) would be transferred to the purchaser of the Estaque site in the event of sale  with a tiers demandeur mechanism (Article L. 512-21 of the French Environmental Code).3 Article L631-4 of the Commercial Code.4 See press releases of May 14  2020 and May 20  2020.5. Article L. 512-21 of the Environmental Code.6. As a reminder  the first and second ranking pledges cover certain financial commitments of the Company or its former German subsidiaries to Glencore International AG  which are detailed in Note 30 of the notes to the consolidated financial statements for the year ended December 31  2020.7. The nominal amount of the better fortunes clause amounts to €19.2 million  of which €17.8 million is owed to Glencore International AG.8. Corresponding to 50% of the amount of €5.7 million for accounting purposes  subject to the determination of the exact contribution of each party.9 See press release of June 2  2021.***Disclaimer : This press release is a non-official translation into English of the press release of the same date issued in French language and is provided solely for the convenience of English-speaking users. This press release should be read in conjunction with and construed in accordance with French law. Disclaimer: This press release may contain forward-looking statements that constitute either trends or objectives and should not be construed as forecasts of results or any other performance indicator. This information is by its nature subject to risks and uncertainties  as described in the Company's Annual Report available on its website (www.recylex.fr). More detailed information on Recylex can be found on its website (www.recylex.eu).***Raw materials from urban minesThe Recylex Group is a European specialist in the recycling of lead  zinc and polypropylene.For more information about the Recylex Group: www.recylex.eu***Press & Investor contact: T +33 (0)158 47 29 91 | E info@recylex.euRecylex S.A. | Registered office: 6 place de la Madeleine | 75008 Paris | FranceAdministrative office: 79 rue Jean-Jacques Rousseau | 92158 Suresnes Cedex | FranceAttachment",negative,0.02,0.16,0.82,mixed,0.11,0.24,0.64,True,English,"['Court-ordered reorganization proceedings', 'prépack cession', 'redressement judiciaire', 'disposal plan', 'industrial assets', 'debt restructuring', 'Filing', 'opening', 'implementation', 'Group', 'failure', 'subsidiary C2P S.A.S.', 'ODDO BHF Corporate Finance', 'polypropylene waste recycling business', 'prépack cession” procedure', 'Recytech S.A.', 'Recylex S.A.', 'Saône industrial sites', 'asset disposal program', 'second ranking pledge', 'Glencore International AG', 'extensive due diligence', 'asset disposal process', 'competitive sales process', 'sufficient financial resources', 'environmental rehabilitation obligations', 'Escaudœuvres sites', 'Villefranche-sur-Saône site', 'Paris Commercial Court', 'amicable prevention procedure', 'plan de redressement', 'two industrial sites', 'total net debt', 'debt restructuring plan', 'RECYLEX SA', 'two sites', 'Euronext Paris', 'Estaque site', 'environmental risks', 'debt-restructuring plan', 'financial guarantees', 'reorganization plan', 'amicable framework', 'redressement judiciaire', 'bonis1 framework', 'potential buyers', 'several months', 'significant portion', 'reorganization proceedings', 'Campine NV', 'French government', 'judicial solution', 'low value', 'lead-acid batteries', 'investment bank', '80 potential investors', 'plastics"" operations', 'Euronext Brussels', 'industrial activities', 'other liabilities', 'Two offers', 'associated jobs', 'Belgian company', 'conditional offer', 'single offer', 'The Company', '60 jobs', 'RX', 'light', 'context', 'May', 'date', 'Escaudoeuvres', 'shares', 'preservation', '50% stake', 'first', 'favour', 'amount', 'assumption', 'provisions', 'view', 'part', 'conciliation', 'initiative', 'April', 'addition', 'Group', 'result', 'state', 'cessation', 'payments', 'conditions', 'law', 'Story', 'agreement', 'place', 'takeover', 'Seveso', 'request', 'opening', 'examination', 'study', 'accelerated', 'timetable', 'order', 'consequences', 'activity', 'employment', 'parallel', 'hands', 'importance', 'debts', 'assets', 'prospects', 'adoption', 'detail', 'announcements', 'Inability', 'mining', 'Marseille', 'structured', 'intermediary', 'employees']",2022-04-15,2022-04-15,finance.yahoo.com
3009,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/suspension-exercise-bsay-context-operations-160000758.html,Suspension of the exercise of the BSAY in the context of the operations of consolidation of the shares of the company Delta Drone,Suspension of the exercise of the BSAY in the contextof the operations of consolidation of the shares of the company Delta Drone Dardilly  April 15  2022 at ...,"DELTA DRONESuspension of the exercise of the BSA Y in the contextof the operations of consolidation of the shares of the company Delta DroneDardilly  April 15  2022 at 6 pmKey pointsSuspension of the exercise of the rights of holders of securities giving access to the capital  including the BSAY  from 19 April 2022 (11:59 a.m. Paris time) until May 25  2022 (11:59 p.m. Paris time).Delta Drone (Euronext Growth Paris: ALDR) (the ""Company"")  informs the holders of securities giving access to the capital  including the BSAY (Code ISIN FR 0013400991)  that in order to stabilize the capital of the company Delta Drone during the share consolidation operations of the Company (whose exact characteristics will be the subject of a specific press release to be published on April 19  2022) until May 25  2022 (May 25  2022 (11:59 a.m. Paris time) until May 25  2022 (11:59 p.m. Paris time).The resumption of the BSAY's right to exercise and their operating procedures will be the subject of a press release to be published at the end of the Company's share consolidation operations.About Delta Drone : Delta Drone Group is a recognized international player in the field of civilian drones for professional use. It develops a range of professional solutions based on drone technology as well as all associated services that form a complete value chain.Delta Drone shares are listed on the Euronext Growth Paris market – ISIN code: FR0011522168BSA Y – ISIN code: FR 0013400991www.deltadrone.comInvestor contacts: Press contact:Jerome Gacoin Louise Caetano +33 1 75 77 54 65 +33 1 55 02 15 13 jgacoin@aelium.fr l.caetano@open2europe.comSarah Ousahla+33 1 55 02 15 31s.ousahla@open2europe.comAttachment",neutral,0.02,0.86,0.13,neutral,0.04,0.91,0.05,True,English,"['Delta Drone', 'Suspension', 'exercise', 'BSAY', 'context', 'operations', 'consolidation', 'shares', 'company', 'Jerome Gacoin Louise Caetano', 'Euronext Growth Paris market', 'complete value chain', 'specific press release', 'share consolidation operations', 'Delta Drone Group', 'Delta Drone shares', 'Paris time', 'Press contact', 'drone technology', 'BSA Y', 'Key points', 'ISIN FR', 'exact characteristics', 'operating procedures', 'international player', 'civilian drones', 'professional use', 'professional solutions', 'associated services', 'Investor contacts', 'ISIN code', 'Sarah Ousahla', 'Suspension', 'exercise', 'context', 'company', 'Dardilly', 'April', 'rights', 'holders', 'securities', 'access', 'capital', 'BSAY', 'May', 'ALDR', 'order', 'whose', 'subject', '59 a', 'resumption', 'end', 'field', 'range', 'deltadrone', 'aelium', 'open2europe', 'Attachment', '6']",2022-04-15,2022-04-15,finance.yahoo.com
3010,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/bekaert-purchase-sale-shares-context-060000892.html,Bekaert - Purchase and sale of shares in the context of the liquidity agreement,Update on the Share Buyback Program and the Liquidity Agreement Period from 7 April 2022 to 13 April 2022 Share Buyback Program In the context of the share...,BekaertUpdate on the Share Buyback Program and the Liquidity AgreementPeriod from 7 April 2022 to 13 April 2022Share Buyback ProgramIn the context of the share buyback program of Bekaert  announced on 25 February 2022   the first tranche of €30 million started on 18 March 2022 .Bekaert announces today that during the period from 7 April 2022 to 13 April 2022  Kepler Cheuvreux on behalf of Bekaert has bought 120 151 shares.The table below provides an overview of the transactions under the first tranche of the share buy back program during the period from 7 April 2022 to 13 April 2022:Repurchase of sharesDate Market Number of Shares Average Price paid (€) Highest Price paid (€) Lowest Price paid (€) Total Amount (€) 7 April 2022 Euronext Brussels 12 600 34.71 35.16 34.52 437 346 MTF CBOE 8 650 34.74 34.92 34.54 300 501 MTF Tuquoise 1 565 34.70 34.84 34.54 54 306 MTF Aquis 2 078 34.72 34.98 34.54 72 148 8 April 2022 Euronext Brussels 12 566 34.70 35.16 34.32 436 040 MTF CBOE 8 732 34.72 35.10 34.32 303 175 MTF Turquoise 1 547 34.72 35.10 34.34 53 712 MTF Aquis 2 064 34.72 35.10 34.32 71 662 11 April 2022 Euronext Brussels 11 981 34.78 35.06 34.48 416 699 MTF CBOE 8 402 34.77 35.02 34.24 292 138 MTF Turquoise 1 522 34.78 35.02 34.44 52 935 MTF Aquis 2 007 34.81 35.06 34.52 69 864 12 April 2022 Euronext Brussels 11 690 34.60 34.86 34.10 404 474 MTF CBOE 8 236 34.60 34.88 34.10 284 966 MTF Turquoise 1 052 34.61 34.80 34.26 36 410 MTF Aquis 2 155 34.61 34.86 34.20 74 585 13 April 2022 Euronext Brussels 11 567 34.67 34.94 34.54 401 028 MTF CBOE 8 489 34.68 34.94 34.52 294 399 MTF Turquoise 1 113 34.67 34.88 34.56 38 588 MTF Aquis 2 135 34.69 34.94 34.48 74 063 Total 120 151 34.70 35.16 34.10 4 169 037As announced on 25 February 2022 and 18 March 2022  the purpose of the program is to reduce the issued share capital of the company. All shares repurchased as part of the program will be cancelled.Liquidity agreementStory continuesIn the context of the liquidity agreement entered into by Bekaert with Kepler Cheuvreux on 2 September 2021 (see press release of 3 September 2021)   Bekaert announces today that Kepler Cheuvreux on behalf of Bekaert has bought 3 600 shares during the period from 7 April 2022 to 13 April 2022 on Euronext Brussels. During the same period  Kepler Cheuvreux on behalf of Bekaert has sold 6 800 shares on Euronext Brussels.The tables below provide an overview of the transactions under the liquidity agreement during the period from 7 April 2022 to 13 April 2022:Purchase of sharesDate Number of Shares Average Price (€) Highest Price (€) Lowest Price (€) Total Amount (€) 7 April 2022 400 34.40 34.40 34.40 13 760 8 April 2022 0 0.00 0.00 0.00 0 11 April 2022 1 000 34.74 34.74 34.74 34 740 12 April 2022 1 700 34.33 34.60 34.20 58 361 13 April 2022 500 34.50 34.50 34.50 17 250 Total 3 600 124 111Sale of sharesDate Number of Shares Average Price (€) Highest Price (€) Lowest Price (€) Total Amount (€) 7 April 2022 1 200 34.90 35.10 34.70 41 880 8 April 2022 2 500 34.94 35.10 34.80 87 350 11 April 2022 2 300 34.86 35.00 34.74 80 178 12 April 2022 0 0.00 0.00 0.00 0 13 April 2022 800 34.85 34.90 34.80 27 880 Total 6 800 - - - 237 288The balance held by Bekaert under the liquidity agreement at the end of the period is 74 932 shares.On 13 April 2022 after closing of the market  Bekaert holds 3 330 120 own shares  or 5.51 % of the total number of the outstanding shares.This information is also made available on the investor relations pages of our website.Attachment,neutral,0.02,0.95,0.03,mixed,0.29,0.33,0.38,True,English,"['liquidity agreement', 'Bekaert', 'Purchase', 'sale', 'shares', 'context', 'investor relations pages', 'shares Date Market Number', 'Share Buyback Program', 'Shares Average Price', 'Liquidity Agreement Period', 'share capital', 'Highest Price', 'Lowest Price', 'first tranche', 'Kepler Cheuvreux', 'Euronext Brussels', 'MTF CBOE', '501 MTF Tuquoise', '306 MTF Aquis', 'MTF Turquoise', '712 MTF Aquis', '410 MTF Aquis', 'press release', 'Total Amount', 'total number', 'outstanding shares', 'same period', '151 shares', '3 600 shares', '6 800 shares', '74 932 shares', 'Bekaert', 'Update', '7 April', '13 April', 'context', '25 February', '18 March', 'behalf', 'table', 'overview', 'transactions', 'Repurchase', 'April 2022', 'purpose', 'company', 'part', 'Story', '2 September', '3 September', '11 April', 'Sale', '12 April', 'balance', 'end', 'closing', 'information', 'website', 'Attachment', '120']",2022-04-15,2022-04-15,finance.yahoo.com
3011,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/conditions-availability-information-prepared-connection-152300005.html,Conditions of availability of information prepared in connection with the Combined Shareholders’ Meeting to be held May 6  2022,April 15  2022 Conditions of availability of information preparedin connection with the Extraordinary Shareholders’ Meetingto be held May 6  2022...,TECHNICOLORApril 15  2022Conditions of availability of information preparedin connection with the Extraordinary Shareholders’ Meetingto be held May 6  2022Shareholders are invited to participate to the Ordinary and Extraordinary Shareholders’ Meeting to be held on:Friday May 6  2022 at 12:00 pm Espace Saint-Martin – 199 bis rue Saint-Martin – 75003 Paris (France)The Preliminary Notice of Meeting worth Notice of Meeting (avis préalable de réunion valant avis de convocation)  including agenda and proposed resolutions was published in the French Bulletin des annonces légales obligatoires (BALO) on April 1st  2022.The documents referred to in article R. 225-83 of the French Commercial Code are made available to shareholders as of this date  in accordance with applicable regulations:any shareholder holding registered shares may request that the Company sends these documents at no charge  up to and including the fifth day prior to the Meeting (for shareholders holding bearer shares  the exercise of this right is subject to the submission of a certificate of participation issued by their financial institution);any shareholder may consult these documents at the Company’s registered office  up to the fifteenth day prior to the Meeting.Documents referred to in article R. 22-10-23 of the French Commercial Code may be consulted on the Company’s website: www.technicolor.com.* **About Technicolorwww.technicolor.com – Follow us: @Technicolor – linkedin.com/company/technicolorTechnicolor shares are on the Euronext Paris exchange (TCH) and traded in the USA on the OTCQX marketplace (OTCQX: TCLRY).Attachment,neutral,0.02,0.96,0.03,neutral,0.04,0.92,0.04,True,English,"['Combined Shareholders’ Meeting', 'Conditions', 'availability', 'information', 'connection', 'May', 'annonces légales obligatoires', 'French Commercial Code', 'avis préalable', 'Euronext Paris exchange', 'Extraordinary Shareholders’ Meeting', 'French Bulletin', 'Espace Saint-Martin', 'rue Saint-Martin', 'réunion', 'applicable regulations', 'registered shares', 'bearer shares', 'financial institution', 'registered office', 'Preliminary Notice', 'April 1st', 'OTCQX marketplace', 'Technicolor shares', '75003 Paris', 'Conditions', 'availability', 'information', 'connection', 'Friday', 'France', 'worth', 'convocation', 'agenda', 'proposed', 'resolutions', 'BALO', 'documents', 'article', 'date', 'accordance', 'Company', 'charge', 'fifth', 'exercise', 'right', 'submission', 'certificate', 'participation', 'fifteenth', 'website', 'TCH', 'USA', 'TCLRY', 'Attachment', '12:00', '199']",2022-04-15,2022-04-15,finance.yahoo.com
3012,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/ige-xao-statement-regarding-total-084500691.html,IGE+XAO: Statement regarding the total number of shares and voting rights composing the registered capital on 15 April 2022 (D-15),IGE+XAO Société Anonyme with capital of 5 021 866.85 euros Head office : 16 Boulevard Déodat de Séverac 31770 COLOMIERS 338 514 987 RCS Toulouse SIRET: 338...,"IGE+XAOIGE+XAOSociété Anonyme with capital of 5 021 866.85 eurosHead office : 16 Boulevard Déodat de Séverac31770 COLOMIERS338 514 987 RCS ToulouseSIRET: 338 514 987 000 76 – VAT number: FR 783.385.149.87Regulated informationStatement regarding the total number of shares and voting rights composing the registered capital on 15 April 2022 (D-15)In accordance with the article L.233-8 II of the French Commercial Code and with the article 223-16 of the French Financial Market Authority (AMF) General Rule.Toulouse  on 15 April 2022Total number of shares composing the registered capital: 1 304 381Total number of voting rights:Gross (1): 2 256 569Net (2): 2 252 135(1) In conformity with the article 223-11 of the AMF General Rule  the total number of voting rights is calculated on the basis of the whole shares composing the registered capital.(2) The net total number of voting rights is calculated on the basis of the whole shares composing the registered capital after deduction of the shares without voting right (in particular treasury shares).The following threshold crossing statutory obligation is added to the legal thresholds: ‘Any natural person or legal entity  acting alone or jointly  according to the article L.233-9 of the French Commercial Code  who would hold  directly or indirectly  a number of shares or voting rights representing 0.5% or more of the capital or of the company voting rights  will have to notify to the company by registered letter sent to the head office the total number of shares or voting rights he holds  by the latest before the close of trading of the fourth day following the day the threshold is exceeded. This person will also have to notify the Company  in his declaration of threshold crossing  details mentioned in 3rd subparagraph of article L.233-7 I of the French Commercial Code.This declaration must be renewed within the abovementioned conditions  each time a new 0.5% threshold is reached or crossed  whether up or down  whatever the reason until the 5% threshold laid down in article L.233-7 of the French Commercial Code. From the abovementioned 5% threshold crossing  a declaration must be made within the same conditions as those mentioned before  each time a new 0.5% threshold is reached or crossed  whether up or down  whatever the reason.’Story continuesAbout the IGE+XAO GroupFor over 35 years  the IGE+XAO Group has been a software publisher designing  producing  selling and supporting a range of Computer Aided Design (CAD)  Product Lifecycle Management (PLM) and Simulation software dedicated to Electrical Engineering. These software products have been designed to help companies in the design and maintenance of the electrical part of any type of installation. This type of CAD/PLM/Simulation is called ""Electrical CAD/PLM/Simulation"". IGE+XAO employs 389 people around the world in 30 sites and in 22 countries  and has more than 98 649 licenses distributed around the world. IGE+XAO is a reference in its field. For more information: http://www.ige-xao.com . Follow us on Twitter @igexao_corpo.IGE+XAO Group contactsIGE+XAO Group  16 boulevard Déodat de Séverac – CS 90 312 – 31 773 COLOMIERS CEDEXPhone: +33 (0)5 62 74 36 36 – Fax: +33 (0)5 62 74 36 37Website: www.ige-xao.comListed on Euronext Paris – Compartment B – Index CAC All shares® – ISIN FR 0000030827Analysts/Investors: Alain Di Crescenzo (Chairman of the Group) +33 (0)5 62 74 36 36Press Contact: Rozenn Nerrand-Destouches: +33 (0)5 62 74 36 02Attachment",neutral,0.01,0.98,0.02,positive,0.56,0.36,0.08,True,English,"['total number', 'voting rights', 'IGE+XAO', 'Statement', 'shares', 'capital', '15 April', 'French Financial Market Authority', '16 boulevard Déodat de', 'IGE+XAO Société Anonyme', 'French Commercial Code', 'Product Lifecycle Management', 'Alain Di Crescenzo', 'Computer Aided Design', 'AMF General Rule', 'IGE+XAO Group contacts', 'net total number', 'Head office', 'Séverac', 'VAT number', 'voting rights', 'statutory obligation', 'legal thresholds', 'legal entity', '3rd subparagraph', 'software publisher', 'Simulation software', 'Electrical Engineering', 'software products', 'electrical part', 'Euronext Paris', 'Compartment B', 'Index CAC', 'Press Contact', 'Rozenn Nerrand-Destouches', 'following threshold', 'threshold crossing', 'new 0.5% threshold', 'RCS Toulouse', 'Regulated information', 'natural person', 'fourth day', 'same conditions', 'COLOMIERS CEDEX', 'article L.', 'registered capital', 'treasury shares', '31770 COLOMIERS', 'SIRET', 'Statement', '15 April', 'accordance', 'Gross', 'conformity', 'basis', 'deduction', 'particular', 'company', 'letter', 'close', 'trading', 'declaration', 'details', 'reason', 'Story', '35 years', 'range', 'CAD', 'PLM', 'companies', 'maintenance', 'type', 'installation', '389 people', 'world', '30 sites', '22 countries', '98,649 licenses', 'reference', 'field', 'ige-xao', 'Twitter', 'igexao_corpo', 'Phone', 'Fax', 'Website', 'ISIN', 'Investors', 'Chairman', 'Attachment', '5,021,866.85']",2022-04-15,2022-04-15,finance.yahoo.com
3013,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/sascha-bibert-appointed-chief-financial-162100466.html,Sascha Bibert is appointed as new Chief Financial Officer of Vallourec and joins the Executive Committee,Sascha Bibert is appointed as new Chief Financial Officer of Vallourec and joins the Executive Committee Meudon (France)  April 15  2022 – Vallourec...,"VALLOURECSascha Bibert is appointed as new Chief Financial Officer of Vallourec and joins the Executive CommitteeMeudon (France)  April 15  2022 – Vallourec announces the appointment of Sascha Bibert as Group Chief Financial Officer. He takes office on April 19  2022 and joins the Executive Committee.Sascha Bibert was previously Chief Financial Officer of the Uniper Group  one of Europe’s largest publicly traded electricity producers and energy traders  with growing positions in renewables and hydrogen.He succeeds Olivier Mallet  who will leave the Company after more than 10 years as Chief Financial Officer  member of the Management Board and more recently Deputy Chief Executive Officer. During that period he carried out a number of significant reforms  often in difficult circumstances  as well as Vallourec’s successful financial restructuring in 2021.Philippe Guillemot  Chairman and CEO of Vallourec  declared: ""Along with the entire Executive Committee  I would like to thank Olivier Mallet for his commitment over the past decade and his contribution to the rich history of Vallourec. I am delighted to welcome Sascha to the Company and the Executive Committee. His experience of more than 20 years in the energy sector and with major international groups will be decisive in helping to accelerate Vallourec's transformation. In particular  he will play a key role in generating significant short-term improvements in profitability and cash flow.”Sascha Bibert biographyBetween 2019 and 2021  Sascha Bibert served as CFO of the Uniper Group where  together with the rest of the management team  he developed and implemented a new strategy focusing on accelerating the energy transition  while capitalizing on the opportunities of the current cycle. Sascha also placed great emphasis on internal and external reporting  ensuring that strategy execution including capital allocation remained well aligned with the information provided to key stakeholders.Story continuesHe previously worked as CFO of EnerjiSA in Turkey for 5 years  supporting the company’s strong growth in a highly volatile environment and then listing the company on the stock exchange  following its split into distinct upstream and downstream entities.From 2009 to 2014  Sascha held various management positions within the E.ON Group  including SVP for Group Accounting and Controlling and Head of Investor Relations. In parallel  he also served on the board of Energy from Waste  a company led by the private equity group EQT.Sascha began his career as an equity portfolio manager and buy-side analyst  including a five-year stint with Allianz Global Investors and three years with Munich Re as Head of Investor and Rating Agency Relations.Now aged 46  Sascha is a graduate of the International School of Management  as well as a CFA charterholder and a Certified Credit Analyst (CCrA).About VallourecVallourec is a world leader in premium tubular solutions for the energy markets and for demanding industrial applications such as oil & gas wells in harsh environments  new generation power plants  challenging architectural projects  and high-performance mechanical equipment. Vallourec’s pioneering spirit and cutting edge R&D open new technological frontiers. With close to 17 000 dedicated and passionate employees in more than 20 countries  Vallourec works hand-in-hand with its customers to offer more than just tubes: Vallourec delivers innovative  safe  competitive and smart tubular solutions  to make every project possible.Listed on Euronext in Paris (ISIN code: FR0013506730  Ticker VK)  Vallourec is part of the CAC Mid 60  SBF 120 and Next 150 indices and is eligible for Deferred Settlement Service.In the United States  Vallourec has established a sponsored Level 1 American Depositary Receipt (ADR) program (ISIN code: US92023R4074  Ticker: VLOWY). Parity between ADR and a Vallourec ordinary share has been set at 5:1.For further information  please contact:Investor relationsJérôme FribouletTel : +33 (0)1 49 09 39 77Investor.relations@vallourec.comPress relationsHéloïse RothenbühlerTel: +33 (0)1 41 03 77 50h eloise .rothenbuhler@vallourec.com Individual shareholdersToll Free Number (from France): 0 800 505 110actionnaires@vallourec.comAttachment",neutral,0.04,0.94,0.03,mixed,0.64,0.18,0.18,True,English,"['new Chief Financial Officer', 'Sascha Bibert', 'Executive Committee', 'Vallourec', 'Level 1 American Depositary Receipt (ADR) program', 'largest publicly traded electricity producers', 'Héloïse Rothenbühler', 'cutting edge R&D', 'Jérôme Friboulet', 'new generation power plants', 'new Chief Financial Officer', 'Deputy Chief Executive Officer', 'Group Chief Financial Officer', 'successful financial restructuring', 'new technological frontiers', 'equity portfolio manager', 'Allianz Global Investors', 'premium tubular solutions', 'demanding industrial applications', 'high-performance mechanical equipment', 'innovative, safe, competitive', 'smart tubular solutions', 'Deferred Settlement Service', 'E.ON Group', 'private equity group', 'major international groups', 'significant short-term improvements', 'Certified Credit Analyst', 'Rating Agency Relations', 'Toll Free Number', 'entire Executive Committee', 'various management positions', 'Vallourec ordinary share', 'Sascha Bibert biography', 'new strategy', 'Uniper Group', 'Group Accounting', 'growing positions', 'significant reforms', 'buy-side analyst', 'International School', 'Olivier Mallet', 'difficult circumstances', 'Philippe Guillemot', 'past decade', 'rich history', 'key role', 'cash flow', 'management team', 'current cycle', 'great emphasis', 'external reporting', 'strategy execution', 'capital allocation', 'key stakeholders', 'strong growth', 'volatile environment', 'stock exchange', 'distinct upstream', 'downstream entities', 'five-year stint', 'Munich Re', 'CFA charterholder', 'world leader', 'gas wells', 'harsh environments', 'architectural projects', 'pioneering spirit', 'passionate employees', 'ISIN code', 'CAC Mid 60', 'Next 150 indices', 'United States', 'Press relations', 'Individual shareholders', 'energy traders', 'energy sector', 'energy transition', 'energy markets', 'Management Board', 'Investor Relations', 'Ticker VK', 'three years', 'Vallourec Vallourec', '10 years', '20 years', '5 years', 'Meudon', 'France', 'April', 'appointment', 'Europe', 'renewables', 'hydrogen', 'Company', 'member', 'period', 'Chairman', 'CEO', 'commitment', 'contribution', 'experience', 'transformation', 'profitability', 'CFO', 'opportunities', 'internal', 'information', 'EnerjiSA', 'Turkey', 'split', 'SVP', 'Controlling', 'Head', 'parallel', 'Waste', 'EQT', 'career', 'graduate', 'CCrA', 'oil', 'challenging', 'close', '17,000 dedicated', '20 countries', 'hand', 'customers', 'tubes', 'Euronext', 'Paris', 'part', 'SBF', 'VLOWY', 'Parity', 'Tel', 'eloise', 'rothenbuhler', 'Attachment']",2022-04-15,2022-04-15,finance.yahoo.com
3014,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/bghl-eur-nav-053000909.html,BGHL (EUR): NAV(s),BOUSSARD & GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITED Ordinary Shares The Directors of Boussard & Gavaudan Holding Limited would like to announce the following information for...,"BOUSSARD AND GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITED (EUR)BOUSSARD & GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITEDOrdinary SharesThe Directors of Boussard & Gavaudan Holding Limited would like to announce the following information for the Company.Close of business 14 Apr 2022.Estimated NAVEuro Shares Sterling Shares Estimated NAV € 28.7418 £ 24.9487 Estimated MTD return 1.01 % 1.04 % Estimated YTD return -1.57 % -1.41 % Estimated ITD return 187.42 % 149.49 %NAV and returns are calculated net of management and performance feesMarket informationEuro Shares Amsterdam (AEX) London (LSE) Market Close € 23.40 N/A Premium/discount to estimated NAV -18.59 % N/A Sterling Shares Amsterdam (AEX) London (LSE) Market Close N/A GBX 2 000.00 Premium/discount to estimated NAV N/A -19.84 %Transactions in own securities purchased into treasuryOrdinary Shares Euro Shares Sterling Shares Number of shares N/A N/A Average Price N/A N/A Range of Price N/A N/ALiquidity Enhancement Agreement Euro Shares Sterling Shares Number of shares N/A N/A Average Price N/A N/ABGHL CapitalBGHL Ordinary Shares Euro Shares Sterling Shares Shares Outstanding 12 316 588 130 254 Held in treasury N/A N/A Shares Issued 12 316 588 130 254Estimated BG Fund NAVClass B Euro Shares (estimated) € 248.5223 Class GBP A Shares (estimated) £ 132.8584The Class B Euro Shares of BG Fund are not subject to investment manager fees  as the Investment Manager receives management fees and performance fees in respect of its role as Investment Manager of BGHL.For further information please contact:Boussard & Gavaudan Investment Management  LLP.Emmanuel Gavaudan +44 (0) 20 3751 5389 Email : info@bgam-uk.comThe Company is established as a closed-ended investment company domiciled in Guernsey. The Company has received the necessary approval of the Guernsey Financial Services Commission and the States of Guernsey Policy Council. The Company is registered with the Dutch Authority for the Financial Markets as a collective investment scheme pursuant to article 2:73 in conjunction with 2:66 of the Dutch Financial Supervision Act (Wet op het financieel toezicht). The shares of the Company (the ""Shares"") are listed on Euronext Amsterdam. The Shares are also listed on the Official List of the UK Listing Authority and admitted to trading on the London Stock Exchange plc's main market for listed securities.Story continuesThis is not an offer to sell or a solicitation of any offer to buy any securities in the United States or in any other jurisdiction. This announcement is not intended to and does not constitute  or form part of  any offer or invitation to purchase any securities or the solicitation of any vote or approval in any jurisdiction  nor shall there be any sale  issuance or transfer of the securities referred to in this announcement in any jurisdiction in contravention of applicable law.Neither the Company nor BG Fund ICAV has been  and neither will be  registered under the US Investment Company Act of 1940  as amended (the ""Investment Company Act""). In addition the securities referenced in this announcement have not been and will not be registered under the US Securities Act of 1933  as amended (the ""Securities Act""). Consequently any such securities may not be offered  sold or otherwise transferred within the United States or to  or for the account or benefit of  US persons except in accordance with the Securities Act or an exemption therefrom and under circumstances which will not require the issuer of such securities to register under the Investment Company Act. No public offering of any securities will be made in the United States.You should always bear in mind that:all investment is subject to risk;results in the past are no guarantee of future results;the investment performance of BGHL may go down as well as up. You may not get back all of your original investment; andif you are in any doubt about the contents of this communication or if you consider making an investment decision  you are advised to seek expert financial advice.This communication is for information purposes only and the information contained in this communication should not be relied upon as a substitute for financial or other professional advice.Attachment",neutral,0.0,0.99,0.01,mixed,0.12,0.31,0.56,True,English,"['BGHL', 'EUR', 'NAV', 'A Liquidity Enhancement Agreement Euro Shares Sterling Shares Number', 'The Class B Euro Shares', 'BGHL Ordinary Shares Euro Shares', 'Class GBP A Shares', 'A N/A Average Price', 'N/A Sterling Shares Amsterdam', 'London Stock Exchange plc', 'Guernsey Financial Services Commission', 'treasury N/A N/A Shares', 'Dutch Financial Supervision Act', 'Sterling Shares Shares', 'Euro Shares Amsterdam', 'A N/A Range', 'US Investment Company Act', 'GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITED', 'expert financial advice', 'Guernsey Policy Council', 'collective investment scheme', 'UK Listing Authority', 'other professional advice', 'BG Fund ICAV', 'closed-ended investment company', 'US Securities Act', 'Gavaudan Investment Management', 'investment manager fees', 'BG Fund NAV', 'The Shares', 'A Premium/discount', 'N/A GBX', 'Dutch Authority', 'Euronext Amsterdam', 'US persons', 'Emmanuel Gavaudan', 'Financial Markets', 'The Directors', 'The Company', 'investment performance', 'original investment', 'investment decision', 'performance fees', 'BGHL Capital', 'management fees', 'MTD return', 'YTD return', 'ITD return', 'financieel toezicht', 'Official List', 'applicable law', 'public offering', 'other jurisdiction', 'United States', 'following information', 'information purposes', 'necessary approval', 'main market', 'future results', 'listed securities', 'Market information', 'BOUSSARD', 'business', 'Apr', 'returns', 'AEX', 'LSE', 'Transactions', 'respect', 'role', 'LLP.', 'Email', 'bgam', 'article', 'conjunction', 'Story', 'solicitation', 'announcement', 'part', 'invitation', 'vote', 'sale', 'issuance', 'transfer', 'contravention', 'addition', 'account', 'benefit', 'accordance', 'exemption', 'circumstances', 'issuer', 'mind', 'risk', 'past', 'guarantee', 'doubt', 'contents', 'communication', 'substitute', 'Attachment']",2022-04-15,2022-04-15,finance.yahoo.com
3015,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/2022-first-quarter-income-increase-080000574.html,2022 first quarter : Income increase by 55%,Press Release Ecully  April 15  2022 – 10 am Continued growth in Q1 2022Q1 2022 revenues up +55% In thousands of euros2022*2021% Variation Turnover Q11...,"SPINEWAYPress Release Ecully  April 15  2022 – 10 amContinued growth in Q1 2022Q1 2022 revenues up +55%In thousands of euros 2022* 2021 % VariationTurnover Q1 1 342 865 + 55%Unaudited consolidated dataIn line with the last quarter of 2021  Spineway confirms its growth momentum and totals revenues of €1.3 million for the first quarter of 2022  up 55% compared to the year 2021. The latter benefits from the synergies implemented with Distimp  the growth of sales in France and positive commercial orientation in Latin America.Sales in Latin America showed strong growth of 31.1% compared to 2021 and represented 41.5% of Group sales (€558 k). Despite the continuing health crisis in the territory  the region is benefiting from a return to a more normalized situation in surgical activity  which has enabled the booking of significant orders.The significant growth in the Europe region  which doubled compared to Q1 2021 to reach €427 k  was mainly driven by sales in France  which now represent 26.2% of Group sales at €351 k in Q1 2022  following the successful integration of Distimp.Asia remained stable in Q1 2022 (€181 k)  while the Middle East zone amounted to €176 k and increased significantly compared to Q1 2021  following the strengthening of the Group's presence in North Africa.On the basis of the upward trend at the beginning of 2022  Spineway confirms the recovery of its business and reinforces its ambition to become a leading European player in spine surgery with Premium positioning.General Meeting of April 11  2022The Annual Ordinary and Extraordinary General Meeting of Spineway was held on second call on Monday  April 11  2022 at 2:00 p.m. at the Group's headquarters.The number of shares held by the two shareholders present or represented was 1 399 425  representing a participation rate of 0.0086%. All resolutions presented to the Ordinary General Meeting were adopted  but the resolutions presented as extraordinary resolutions could not be put to the vote due to a lack of quorum.Story continuesConsequently  Spineway's shareholders will again be convened to the Extraordinary Shareholders' Meeting on May 18  2022  at the Group's headquarters  7 allée Moulin Berger in Ecully (69)  in order to deliberate on the same agenda (extraordinary section) as that appearing in the notice of meeting published in the BALO on 16 February 2022.In accordance with the provisions of Articles R. 225-77 and R. 225-79 of the French Commercial Code  postal voting forms sent to the Company and proxies given for the Combined General Meeting of March 23  2022 on the first notice of meeting or for the Combined General Meeting of April 11  2022 on the second notice of meeting  shall remain valid for the Extraordinary General Meeting convened on the third notice of meeting on the same agenda  provided that the shares are still registered in the accounts. The text of the resolutions remains unchanged.All the documents and information provided for in Article R.225-73-1 of the French Commercial Code may be consulted on the company's website  under the heading ""Investors/Regulated Information"": https://spineway.com/fr/investisseurs/information-reglementee.SPINEWAY IS ELIGIBLE FOR THE PEA-PME (EQUITY SAVINGS PLANS FOR SMES)Find out all about Spineway at: www.spineway.comThis press release has been prepared in both English and French. In case of discrepancies  the French version shall prevail.Spineway designs  manufactures and markets innovative implants and surgical instruments for treating severe disorders of the spinal column.Spineway has an international network of over 50 independent distributors and 90% of its revenue comes from exports.Spineway  which is eligible for investment through FCPIs (French unit trusts specializing in innovation)  has received the OSEO Excellence award since 2011 and has won the Deloitte Fast 50 award (2011). Rhône Alpes INPI Patent Innovation award (2013) – INPI Talent award (2015).ISIN: FR0011398874 - ALSPWContacts:SPINEWAYShareholder-services lineAvailable Tuesday through Thursday(10 am-12 pm)0806 70 60 60Eligible PEA / PMEALSPWEuronext GrowthAELIUMFinance & CommunicationInvestor relationsSolène Kennisspineway@aelium.frAttachment",neutral,0.01,0.97,0.02,mixed,0.41,0.24,0.35,True,English,"['2022 first quarter', 'Income increase', '7 allée Moulin Berger', 'INPI Patent Innovation award', 'INPI Talent award', 'OSEO Excellence award', 'Deloitte Fast 50 award', 'Unaudited consolidated data', 'positive commercial orientation', 'continuing health crisis', 'leading European player', 'postal voting forms', 'EQUITY SAVINGS PLANS', 'Rhône Alpes', 'Solène Kennis', 'French Commercial Code', 'French unit trusts', 'Ordinary General Meeting', 'Combined General Meeting', 'The Annual Ordinary', ""Extraordinary Shareholders' Meeting"", 'extraordinary section', 'French version', 'Press Release', 'last quarter', 'first quarter', 'Latin America', 'normalized situation', 'surgical activity', 'significant orders', 'successful integration', 'Middle East', 'North Africa', 'upward trend', 'spine surgery', 'Premium positioning', 'second call', 'two shareholders', 'participation rate', 'same agenda', 'innovative implants', 'surgical instruments', 'severe disorders', 'spinal column', 'international network', '50 independent distributors', 'Eligible PEA', 'Investor relations', 'extraordinary resolutions', 'Continued growth', 'growth momentum', 'strong growth', 'significant growth', 'Euronext Growth', 'first notice', 'second notice', 'third notice', 'Europe region', 'Investors/Regulated Information', 'ALSPW Contacts', 'Shareholder-services line', 'Turnover Q1', 'Spineway designs', 'Group sales', 'Q1 2022 revenues', 'Ecully', 'April', 'thousands', 'euros', '2021 % Variation', 'year', 'latter', 'synergies', 'Distimp', 'France', 'territory', 'return', 'booking', 'Asia', 'strengthening', 'presence', 'basis', 'beginning', 'recovery', 'business', 'ambition', 'Monday', 'headquarters', 'number', 'shares', 'vote', 'lack', 'quorum', 'Story', 'May', 'BALO', '16 February', 'accordance', 'provisions', 'Articles', 'Company', 'proxies', 'March', 'accounts', 'text', 'documents', 'website', 'heading', 'investisseurs', 'PEA-PME', 'SMES', 'English', 'case', 'discrepancies', 'exports', 'investment', 'FCPIs', 'ISIN', 'Tuesday', 'Thursday', 'AELIUM', 'Finance', 'Communication', 'Attachment', '10', '55', '2:00', '0.0']",2022-04-15,2022-04-15,finance.yahoo.com
3016,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/bghl-gbp-nav-053000932.html,BGHL (GBP): NAV(s),BOUSSARD & GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITED Ordinary Shares The Directors of Boussard & Gavaudan Holding Limited would like to announce the following information for...,"BOUSSARD AND GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITED (GBP)BOUSSARD & GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITEDOrdinary SharesThe Directors of Boussard & Gavaudan Holding Limited would like to announce the following information for the Company.Close of business 14 Apr 2022.Estimated NAVEuro Shares Sterling Shares Estimated NAV € 28.7418 £ 24.9487 Estimated MTD return 1.01 % 1.04 % Estimated YTD return -1.57 % -1.41 % Estimated ITD return 187.42 % 149.49 %NAV and returns are calculated net of management and performance feesMarket informationEuro Shares Amsterdam (AEX) London (LSE) Market Close € 23.40 N/A Premium/discount to estimated NAV -18.59 % N/A Sterling Shares Amsterdam (AEX) London (LSE) Market Close N/A GBX 2 000.00 Premium/discount to estimated NAV N/A -19.84 %Transactions in own securities purchased into treasuryOrdinary Shares Euro Shares Sterling Shares Number of shares N/A N/A Average Price N/A N/A Range of Price N/A N/ALiquidity Enhancement Agreement Euro Shares Sterling Shares Number of shares N/A N/A Average Price N/A N/ABGHL CapitalBGHL Ordinary Shares Euro Shares Sterling Shares Shares Outstanding 12 316 588 130 254 Held in treasury N/A N/A Shares Issued 12 316 588 130 254Estimated BG Fund NAVClass B Euro Shares (estimated) € 248.5223 Class GBP A Shares (estimated) £ 132.8584The Class B Euro Shares of BG Fund are not subject to investment manager fees  as the Investment Manager receives management fees and performance fees in respect of its role as Investment Manager of BGHL.For further information please contact:Boussard & Gavaudan Investment Management  LLP.Emmanuel Gavaudan +44 (0) 20 3751 5389 Email : info@bgam-uk.comThe Company is established as a closed-ended investment company domiciled in Guernsey. The Company has received the necessary approval of the Guernsey Financial Services Commission and the States of Guernsey Policy Council. The Company is registered with the Dutch Authority for the Financial Markets as a collective investment scheme pursuant to article 2:73 in conjunction with 2:66 of the Dutch Financial Supervision Act (Wet op het financieel toezicht). The shares of the Company (the ""Shares"") are listed on Euronext Amsterdam. The Shares are also listed on the Official List of the UK Listing Authority and admitted to trading on the London Stock Exchange plc's main market for listed securities.Story continuesThis is not an offer to sell or a solicitation of any offer to buy any securities in the United States or in any other jurisdiction. This announcement is not intended to and does not constitute  or form part of  any offer or invitation to purchase any securities or the solicitation of any vote or approval in any jurisdiction  nor shall there be any sale  issuance or transfer of the securities referred to in this announcement in any jurisdiction in contravention of applicable law.Neither the Company nor BG Fund ICAV has been  and neither will be  registered under the US Investment Company Act of 1940  as amended (the ""Investment Company Act""). In addition the securities referenced in this announcement have not been and will not be registered under the US Securities Act of 1933  as amended (the ""Securities Act""). Consequently any such securities may not be offered  sold or otherwise transferred within the United States or to  or for the account or benefit of  US persons except in accordance with the Securities Act or an exemption therefrom and under circumstances which will not require the issuer of such securities to register under the Investment Company Act. No public offering of any securities will be made in the United States.You should always bear in mind that:all investment is subject to risk;results in the past are no guarantee of future results;the investment performance of BGHL may go down as well as up. You may not get back all of your original investment; andif you are in any doubt about the contents of this communication or if you consider making an investment decision  you are advised to seek expert financial advice.This communication is for information purposes only and the information contained in this communication should not be relied upon as a substitute for financial or other professional advice.Attachment",neutral,0.0,0.99,0.0,mixed,0.12,0.31,0.56,True,English,"['BGHL', 'GBP', 'NAV', 'A Liquidity Enhancement Agreement Euro Shares Sterling Shares Number', 'The Class B Euro Shares', 'BGHL Ordinary Shares Euro Shares', 'GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITED Ordinary Shares', 'Class GBP A Shares', 'A N/A Average Price', 'N/A Sterling Shares Amsterdam', 'London Stock Exchange plc', 'Guernsey Financial Services Commission', 'treasury N/A N/A Shares', 'Dutch Financial Supervision Act', 'Sterling Shares Shares', 'Euro Shares Amsterdam', 'A N/A Range', 'US Investment Company Act', 'expert financial advice', 'Guernsey Policy Council', 'collective investment scheme', 'UK Listing Authority', 'other professional advice', 'BG Fund ICAV', 'Gavaudan Investment Management', 'closed-ended investment company', 'US Securities Act', 'investment manager fees', 'BG Fund NAV', 'The Shares', 'A Premium/discount', 'N/A GBX', 'Dutch Authority', 'Emmanuel Gavaudan', 'Euronext Amsterdam', 'US persons', 'Financial Markets', 'The Directors', 'The Company', 'investment performance', 'original investment', 'investment decision', 'performance fees', 'BGHL Capital', 'management fees', 'MTD return', 'YTD return', 'ITD return', 'financieel toezicht', 'Official List', 'applicable law', 'public offering', 'other jurisdiction', 'United States', 'following information', 'information purposes', 'necessary approval', 'main market', 'future results', 'listed securities', 'Market information', 'BOUSSARD', 'business', 'Apr', 'returns', 'AEX', 'LSE', 'Transactions', 'respect', 'role', 'LLP.', 'Email', 'bgam', 'article', 'conjunction', 'Story', 'solicitation', 'announcement', 'part', 'invitation', 'vote', 'sale', 'issuance', 'transfer', 'contravention', 'addition', 'account', 'benefit', 'accordance', 'exemption', 'circumstances', 'issuer', 'mind', 'risk', 'past', 'guarantee', 'doubt', 'contents', 'communication', 'substitute', 'Attachment']",2022-04-15,2022-04-15,finance.yahoo.com
3017,EuroNext,Google API,https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20220414005672/en/Moody%E2%80%99s-ESG-Solutions-Gives-the-Highest-Sustainability-Rating-to-FDJ-Group,Moody’s ESG Solutions Gives the Highest Sustainability Rating to FDJ Group,1 day ago,BOULOGNE-BILLANCOURT  France--(BUSINESS WIRE)--Regulatory News:For the fourth year in a row  FDJ Group (Paris:FDJ) was rated A1+ for sustainability by Moody’s ESG Solutions  a ratings agency that supplies environmental  social and governance (ESG) assessments and data. This top score for sustainability confirms FDJ’s position among the companies most actively engaged in meeting ESG criteria.The Group is ranked 15th among some 5 000 companies worldwide tracked by Moody’s ESG Solutions. Within the “Hospitality  Leisure and Services” sector  made up of forty-five international companies that include gambling operators  FDJ is ranked first.FDJ’s ESG score of 72/100  up 2 points from the prior financial year and up 6 points from 2020  is a ringing endorsement of the Group’s non-financial commitments and its CSR policy. FDJ was rated 70/100 on environmental criteria  74/100 on social criteria and 69/100 on governance criteria. These ratings are well above the averages for the “Hospitality  Leisure and Services” sector  which were 32/100  33/100 and 45/100  respectively.Stéphane Pallez  Chairwoman and CEO of FDJ Group  said: “Obtaining an A1+ sustainability rating from Moody’s ESG Solutions is a very satisfying achievement for FDJ. It recognises our commitments to social responsibility and our support for good causes amid the pandemic. Staying true to the Group’s heritage  as the successor to France’s national lottery  FDJ aims to continue its efforts in this area and continuously improve its CSR policy  which is a key element of its raison d’être (purpose) and its development model.”About La Française des Jeux (FDJ Group)France’s national lottery and leading gaming operator  the #2 lottery in Europe and #4 worldwide  FDJ offers secure  enjoyable and responsible gaming to the general public in the form of lottery games (draws and instant games) and sports betting (ParionsSport)  available from physical outlets and online. FDJ’s performance is driven by a portfolio of iconic and recent brands  the #1 local sales network in France  a growing market  recurring investment and a strategy of innovation to make its offering and distribution more attractive with an enhanced gaming experience.FDJ Group is listed on the Euronext Paris regulated market (Compartment A – FDJ.PA) and is a member of indices including the SBF 120  Euronext 100  Euronext Vigeo 20  EN EZ ESG L 80  STOXX Europe 600  MSCI Europe and FTSE Euro.For further information  visit www.groupefdj.com,neutral,0.12,0.84,0.04,mixed,0.65,0.21,0.14,True,English,"['Highest Sustainability Rating', 'ESG Solutions', 'FDJ Group', 'Moody', 'La Française des', 'EN EZ ESG L', 'Euronext Paris regulated market', 'Stéphane Pallez', 'prior financial year', 'leading gaming operator', 'forty-five international companies', 'A1+ sustainability rating', 'fourth year', 'responsible gaming', 'gaming experience', 'Euronext Vigeo', 'ESG Solutions', 'ESG) assessments', 'ESG criteria', 'ESG score', 'BUSINESS WIRE', 'Regulatory News', 'top score', 'gambling operators', 'ringing endorsement', 'CSR policy', 'environmental criteria', 'satisfying achievement', 'good causes', 'national lottery', 'key element', 'development model', 'secure, enjoyable', 'general public', 'lottery games', 'instant games', 'sports betting', 'physical outlets', 'recent brands', 'recurring investment', 'Compartment A', 'FTSE Euro', 'The Group', 'social criteria', 'social responsibility', 'STOXX Europe', 'MSCI Europe', 'ratings agency', 'non-financial commitments', 'governance criteria', 'FDJ Group', '5,000 companies', 'FDJ.', 'BOULOGNE-BILLANCOURT', 'France', 'row', 'Moody', 'data', 'position', 'Hospitality', 'Leisure', 'Services', 'sector', 'averages', 'Chairwoman', 'CEO', 'support', 'pandemic', 'heritage', 'successor', 'efforts', 'area', 'raison', 'être', 'purpose', 'Jeux', 'form', 'draws', 'ParionsSport', 'portfolio', 'iconic', 'strategy', 'innovation', 'offering', 'distribution', 'enhanced', 'member', 'indices', 'SBF', 'groupefdj']",2022-04-15,2022-04-15,businesswire.com
3018,EuroNext,Google API,https://www.brecorder.com/news/40167370/paris-wheat-rally-subsides-ahead-of-holiday-weekend,Paris wheat rally subsides ahead of holiday weekend,20 hours ago,PARIS: Euronext wheat futures eased in light volumes on Thursday as the run-up to a four-day holiday closure led some participants to book profits after a rally fuelled by import demand and the ongoing war in Ukraine.Chicago wheat also fell ahead of the Easter holiday.Euronext will be closed on Friday and Monday. US markets will be shut on Friday and resume trading on Monday.New-crop December wheat on Euronext settled 1.1% lower at 361.25 euros ($390.76)  after reaching a life-of-contract high at 369.25 euros on Wednesday.Old-crop May futures settled down 0.5% at 401 euros a tonne  after earlier rising to a new one-month high at 411 euros.The front-month showed a 7.6% gain for the week  supported by Wednesday’s sale of French wheat to Egypt as state buyer GASC made a first tender purchase since the start of Russia’s invasion of Ukraine.The Egyptian tender bolstered French export prospects after a recent lull amid competition from Black Sea origins.Underscoring continued competition from Russian exports  despite Western sanctions over the Ukraine war  consultancy Strategie Grains lowered its monthly forecast of EU soft wheat exports this season.However  Egypt’s tender and signs of a lasting conflict in Ukraine suggested ongoing demand for EU wheat.In Germany  a rare offer of German wheat in the Egyptian tender and the absence of Romanian wheat offers also pointed to potential demand for western European supplies  traders said.Sellers of standard 12% protein wheat for April onwards delivery in Hamburg were offering around 15 euros a tonne over the Euronext May contract with little purchase interest seen.That was down from 30 euros earlier this week with cuts made to compensate for the rally in Euronext in past days.Germany’s 2022 wheat crop of all types will increase 6.2% on the year to 22.70 million tonnes  the country’s association of farm cooperatives said on Wednesday.,neutral,0.04,0.57,0.38,negative,0.02,0.29,0.7,True,English,"['Paris wheat rally', 'holiday weekend', 'EU soft wheat exports', 'Old-crop May futures', 'Black Sea origins', 'consultancy Strategie Grains', 'little purchase interest', 'New-crop December wheat', 'Romanian wheat offers', 'standard 12% protein wheat', 'four-day holiday closure', 'French export prospects', 'western European supplies', 'first tender purchase', 'Euronext wheat futures', 'Euronext May contract', 'EU wheat', 'French wheat', 'Russian exports', 'Chicago wheat', 'German wheat', '2022 wheat crop', 'Easter holiday', 'Western sanctions', 'light volumes', 'import demand', 'ongoing war', 'US markets', 'new one', 'state buyer', 'Egyptian tender', 'recent lull', 'monthly forecast', 'lasting conflict', 'ongoing demand', 'rare offer', 'potential demand', 'April onwards', 'past days', '22.70 million tonnes', 'farm cooperatives', 'continued competition', 'Ukraine war', 'PARIS', 'Thursday', 'run-up', 'participants', 'profits', 'rally', 'Friday', 'Monday', 'trading', '361.25 euros', 'life', '369.25 euros', 'Wednesday', '401 euros', '411 euros', 'front-month', '7.6% gain', 'week', 'sale', 'GASC', 'start', 'invasion', 'signs', 'Germany', 'absence', 'traders', 'Sellers', 'delivery', 'Hamburg', '15 euros', '30 euros', 'cuts', 'types', 'year', 'country', 'association']",2022-04-15,2022-04-15,brecorder.com
3019,EuroNext,Google API,https://www.bloomingprairieonline.com/security-bond-and-stock-trading-covid-19-to-witness-astonishing-growth-by-forecast-2022-2031/,Security  Bond and Stock Trading (COVID-19) to Witness Astonishing Growth by Forecast 2022-2031 – Bloomingprairieonline,11 hours ago,marketreports.info analysts forecasts the latest report on “Global Security  Bond and Stock Trading Market (Covid-19) Impact and Analysis by 2030”  according to Security  Bond and Stock Trading report; The Security  Bond and Stock Trading Market report covers the overall and all-inclusive analysis of Security  Bond and Stock Trading Market with all its factors that have an impact on market growth. This report is anchored on the thorough qualitative and quantitative assessment of the Security  Bond and Stock Trading Market.The Security  Bond and Stock Trading study provides details such as the market share  Market Insights  Strategic Insights  Segmentation and key players in the Security  Bond and Stock Trading Market.Get Sample Report of Security  Bond and Stock Trading Market Report @ marketreports.info/sample/9715/Security  Bond and Stock Trading(*If you have any special requirements  please let us know and we will offer you the report as you want.)Note – The Covid-19 (coronavirus) pandemic is impacting society and the overall economy across the world. The impact of this pandemic is growing day by day as well as affecting the supply chain including Security  Bond and Stock Trading industry. The COVID-19 crisis is creating uncertainty in the stock market  massive slowing of supply chain  falling business confidence  and increasing panic among the customer segments. The overall effect of the pandemic is impacting the production process of several industries. This report on ‘Security  Bond and Stock Trading Market’ under the chapter number 1.7 impacted COVID Security  Bond and Stock Trading assement provides the analysis on impact on Covid-19 on various business segments and country markets. The reports also showcase market trends and impacted analysis forecast to 2030.Our Sample Report Accommodate a Brief Introduction of the Security  Bond and Stock Trading research report  TOC  List of Tables and Figures  Competitive Landscape and Geographic Segmentation  Innovation and Future Developments Based on Research MethodologyThe Security  Bond and Stock Trading reports cover key developments in the Security  Bond and Stock Trading Market as organic and inorganic growth strategies. Various companies are focusing on organic growth strategies such as product launches  product approvals and others such as patents and events. Inorganic growth strategies activities witnessed in the market were acquisitions  and partnership & collaborations. These activities have paved way for the expansion of business and customer base of market players into Security  Bond and Stock Trading market.Some of the Major Security  Bond and Stock Trading Market Players Are: New York Stock Exchange  Nasdaq  Japan Exchange Group  Shanghai Stock Exchange  Hong Kong Stock Exchange  Euronext  London Stock Exchange  Shenzhen Stock Exchange  TMX Group  Bombay Stock Exchange  National Stock Exchange  Australian Securities Exchange  Deutsche Borse  SIX Swiss Exchange  Korea Exchange  Nasdaq Nordic Exchanges  Copenhagen Stock Exchange  Stockholm Stock Exchange  Helsinki Stock Exchange  Tallinn Stock Exchange  Riga Stock Exchange  |Vinius Stock Exchange  lceland Stock Exchange  Armenia Securities Exchange  Taiwan Stock Exchange  B3  JSEMarket segment by Type  the product can be split into– Security– Bond– Stock– OthersMarket segment by Application  split into– Amateur Investor– Professional InvestorThe report analyses factors affecting the Security  Bond and Stock Trading Market from further evaluates market dynamics affecting the market during the forecast period i.e.  drivers  restraints  opportunities  and future trend. The report also provides exhaustive PEST analysis for all five regions namely; North America  Europe  APAC  MEA  and South America after evaluating political  economic  social and technological factors affecting the Security  Bond and Stock Trading Market in these regions.Moreover  the Security  Bond and Stock Trading report entails the estimate and analysis for the Security  Bond and Stock Trading Market on a global as well as regional level. The study provides historical data as well as the trending features and future predictions of the market growth. Further  the report encompasses drivers and restraints for the Security  Bond and Stock Trading Market growth along with its impact on the overall market development. In addition  the report provides an analysis of the accessible avenues in the Security  Bond and Stock Trading market on a global level.Ask for instant Discount on full Security  Bond and Stock Trading report @ marketreports.info/discount/9715/Security  Bond and Stock TradingREGIONAL FRAMEWORKThe Security  Bond and Stock Trading report provides a detailed overview of the industry including both qualitative and quantitative information. It provides an overview and forecast of the global Security  Bond and Stock Trading Market based on various segments. It also provides market size and forecast estimates from the year 2021 to 2030 with respect to five major regions. The Security  Bond and Stock Trading Market by each region is later sub-segmented by respective countries and segments. The Security  Bond and Stock Trading report covers the analysis and forecast of 18 countries globally along with the current trend and opportunities prevailing in the region.Promising Regions & Countries Mentioned in The Security  Bond and Stock Trading Market Report:North AmericaEuropeAsia-PacificLatin AmericaThe Middle East & Africamarketreports.info’ dedicated research and analysis team consist of experienced professionals with advanced statistical expertise and offer various customization options in the existing study.Purchase a copy of Security  Bond and Stock Trading Market research report @ marketreports.info/checkout?buynow=9715/Security  Bond and Stock TradingMajor Features of Security  Bond and Stock Trading Market Report:Save and reduce time carrying out entry-level research by identifying the growth  size  leading players and segments in the global Security  Bond and Stock Trading market.Highlights key business priorities in order to assist Security  Bond and Stock Trading companies to realign their business strategies.The key findings and recommendations highlight crucial progressive industry trends in the global Security  Bond and Stock Trading market  thereby allowing players across the value chain to develop effective long-term strategies.Develop/modify business expansion plans by using substantial growth offering developed and emerging Security  Bond and Stock Trading markets.Scrutinize in-depth global market trends and outlook coupled with the factors driving the Security  Bond and Stock Trading market  as well as those hindering it.Enhance the decision-making process by understanding the strategies that underpin commercial interest with respect to client products  segmentation  pricing and distribution.About UsMarketreports.info is a global market research and consulting service provider specialized in offering wide range of business solutions to their clients including market research reports  primary and secondary research  demand forecasting services  focus group analysis and other services. We understand that how data is important in today’s competitive environment and thus  we have collaborated with industry’s leading research providers who works continuously to meet the ever-growing demand for market research reports throughout the year.Contact Us:Carl Allison (Head of Business Development)Tiensestraat 32/0302 3000 Leuven  Belgium.Market Reportsphone: +44 141 628 5998Email: sales@marketreports.infoWebsite: www.marketreports.info,neutral,0.03,0.96,0.01,negative,0.01,0.06,0.93,True,English,"['Witness Astonishing Growth', 'Stock Trading', 'Security', 'Bond', 'Forecast', 'Bloomingprairieonline', 'Amateur Investor– Professional Investor', 'New York Stock Exchange', 'Hong Kong Stock Exchange', 'Inorganic growth strategies activities', 'Stock Trading Market growth', 'Stock Trading Market Players', 'Stock Trading research report', 'Stock Trading Market report', 'Stock Trading assement', 'Shanghai Stock Exchange', 'London Stock Exchange', 'Shenzhen Stock Exchange', 'Bombay Stock Exchange', 'National Stock Exchange', 'Copenhagen Stock Exchange', 'Stockholm Stock Exchange', 'Helsinki Stock Exchange', 'Tallinn Stock Exchange', 'Riga Stock Exchange', 'Vinius Stock Exchange', 'lceland Stock Exchange', 'Taiwan Stock Exchange', 'Australian Securities Exchange', 'SIX Swiss Exchange', 'Armenia Securities Exchange', 'political, economic, social', 'Japan Exchange Group', 'Stock Trading report', 'JSE Market segment', 'Stock Trading study', 'Stock Trading industry', 'Nasdaq Nordic Exchanges', 'overall market development', 'exhaustive PEST analysis', 'five major regions', 'various business segments', 'Major Security, Bond', 'full Security, Bond', 'stock market', 'The Security, Bond', 'Korea Exchange', 'Research Methodology', 'market share', 'Market Insights', 'market trends', 'market dynamics', 'market size', 'various segments', 'key players', 'TMX Group', 'OthersMarket segment', 'five regions', 'customer segments', 'Various companies', 'latest report', 'info analysts', 'quantitative assessment', 'Strategic Insights', 'special requirements', 'overall economy', 'supply chain', 'massive slowing', 'business confidence', 'overall effect', 'production process', 'several industries', 'chapter number', 'country markets', 'Brief Introduction', 'Competitive Landscape', 'Future Developments', 'key developments', 'customer base', 'Deutsche Borse', 'future trend', 'North America', 'South America', 'regional level', 'historical data', 'trending features', 'future predictions', 'accessible avenues', 'instant Discount', 'REGIONAL FRAMEWORK', 'quantitative information', 'Sample Report', 'forecast period', 'forecast estimates', 'product launches', 'product approvals', 'global level', 'inclusive analysis', 'Global Security', 'thorough qualitative', 'COVID-19 crisis', 'Geographic Segmentation', 'detailed overview', 'COVID Security', 'coronavirus) pandemic', 'technological factors', 'analysis forecast', 'reports', 'Impact', 'details', 'Note', 'society', 'world', 'day', 'uncertainty', 'panic', 'List', 'Tables', 'Figures', 'Innovation', 'patents', 'events', 'acquisitions', 'partnership', 'collaborations', 'way', 'expansion', 'Euronext', 'Type', 'Application', 'drivers', 'restraints', 'opportunities', 'Europe', 'APAC', 'MEA', 'addition', 'year', 'respect']",2022-04-15,2022-04-15,bloomingprairieonline.com
3020,EuroNext,Google API,https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20220415005132/en/Adocia-Number-of-Shares-and-Voting-Rights-of-ADOCIA-as-of-March-31st-2022,Adocia: Number of Shares and Voting Rights of ADOCIA as of March 31st  2022,5 hours ago,"LYON  France--(BUSINESS WIRE)--Regulatory News:Pursuant to the provisions of article L. 233-8 II of the French « Code de Commerce » and article 223-16 of the French stock-market authorities (Autorité des Marchés Financiers  or “AMF”) charter ADOCIA SA  (Paris:ADOC) a French société anonyme (corporation)  115  avenue Lacassagne  69003 Lyon  (Euronext Paris: FR0011184241 – ADOC) a clinical stage biopharmaceutical company focused on treatment of diabetes  obesity and metabolic diseases with innovative formulations of approved proteins  releases its total number of outstanding shares as well as its voting rights as of March 31st  2022.Month Date Total number ofoutstanding shares Total numberof theoreticalvoting rights (1) Total number ofexercisable votingrights (2) March 03/31/2022 7 806 826* 10 595 549 10 568 145*including 447 659 new shares resulting from the conversion of 1 874 500 convertible bonds into shares (OC 1023) issued by the Company on October 26  2021  the main characteristics of which are described in its press release of the same day.(1) The total number of theoretical voting rights (or “gross” voting rights) is used as the basis for calculating the crossing of shareholding thresholds. In accordance with Article 223-11 of the AMF General Regulation  this number is calculated on the basis of all shares to which voting rights are attached  including shares whose voting rights have been suspended.(2) The total number of exercisable voting rights (or” net” voting rights) is calculated without taking into account the shares with suspended voting rights  in this case  shares held by the Company in the context of a liquidity agreement.About AdociaAdocia is a biotechnology company specializing in the discovery and development of therapeutic solutions in the field of metabolic diseases  primarily diabetes and obesity. The company has a broad portfolio of drug candidates based on three proprietary technology platforms:1) The BioChaperone® technology for the development of new generation insulins and products combining insulins with other classes of hormones; 2) An oral peptide delivery technology; 3) An immunoprotective biomaterial for cell transplantation with a first application in pancreatic cells transplantation for patients with ""brittle"" diabetes.Adocia holds more than 25 patent families and was ranked 4th and 7th in the French National Institute of Industrial Property (INPI) ranking of SMEs on the number of patents filed  in 2019 and 2020 respectively.Based in Lyon  the company has approximately 125 employees. Adocia is listed on the EuronextTM Paris market (Euronext: ADOC; ISIN: FR0011184241).DisclaimerThis press release contains certain forward-looking statements concerning Adocia and its business. Such forward-looking statements are based on assumptions that Adocia considers as being reasonable. However  there can be no guarantee that the estimates contained in such forward-looking statements will be achieved  as such estimates are subject to numerous risks including those which are set forth in the “Risk Factors” section of the universal registration document that was filed with the French Autorité des marchés financiers on April 20  2021 (a copy of which is available at www.adocia.com)  in particular uncertainties that are linked to research and development  future clinical data  analyses  and the evolution of the economic context  the financial markets and the markets in which Adocia operates.The forward-looking statements contained in this press release are also subject to risks not yet known to Adocia or not considered as material by Adocia as of this day. The occurrence of all or part of such risks could cause that actual results  financial conditions  performances  or achievements of Adocia be materially different from those mentioned in the forward-looking statements.This press release and the information contained herein do not constitute an offer to sell or the solicitation of an offer to buy Adocia’s shares in any jurisdiction.",neutral,0.01,0.97,0.02,negative,0.04,0.21,0.75,True,English,"['Voting Rights', 'Adocia', 'Number', 'Shares', 'March', 'French Autorité des marchés financiers', 'French société anonyme', 'three proprietary technology platforms', 'oral peptide delivery technology', 'clinical stage biopharmaceutical company', 'French « Code de', 'French stock-market authorities', 'French National Institute', 'The BioChaperone® technology', 'future clinical data', 'Risk Factors” section', 'universal registration document', 'pancreatic cells transplantation', 'exercisable voting rights', 'gross” voting rights', 'AMF General Regulation', 'net” voting rights', 'EuronextTM Paris market', 'Such forward-looking statements', 'new generation insulins', 'theoretical voting rights', 'March 31st', 'cell transplantation', 'Regulatory News', 'avenue Lacassagne', 'metabolic diseases', 'innovative formulations', 'Month Date', '1 874 500 convertible bonds', 'main characteristics', 'press release', 'shareholding thresholds', 'liquidity agreement', 'therapeutic solutions', 'broad portfolio', 'drug candidates', 'other classes', 'immunoprotective biomaterial', 'first application', '25 patent families', 'Industrial Property', 'actual results', 'financial conditions', '447,659 new shares', 'total number', 'biotechnology company', 'BUSINESS WIRE', 'Euronext Paris', 'same day', 'economic context', 'financial markets', 'article L.', 'outstanding shares', 'brittle"" diabetes', 'numerous risks', 'ADOCIA SA', 'LYON', 'France', 'provisions', 'Commerce', 'charter', 'corporation', 'treatment', 'obesity', 'proteins', 'conversion', 'October', 'basis', 'crossing', 'accordance', 'account', 'case', 'discovery', 'development', 'field', 'products', 'hormones', 'patients', 'INPI', 'ranking', 'SMEs', 'patents', '125 employees', 'ISIN', 'Disclaimer', 'assumptions', 'guarantee', 'estimates', 'April', 'copy', 'particular', 'uncertainties', 'research', 'analyses', 'evolution', 'occurrence', 'performances', 'achievements', 'information', 'offer', 'solicitation', 'jurisdiction']",2022-04-15,2022-04-15,businesswire.com
3021,EuroNext,Google API,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/VAM-INVESTMENTS-SPAC-B-V-124844122/news/VAM-Investments-SPAC-B-Annual-Financial-Report-2021-40060558/,VAM Investments SPAC B : Annual Financial Report 2021,13 hours ago,"VAM Investments SPAC B : Annual Financial Report 2021 04/15/2022 | 03:20am EDT Send by mail :Name : First name : From * : To * : (You can enter multiple email addresses separated by commas) Message : * Required fields Annual Report for the period from date of incorporation on 7 April 2021 to 31 December 2021 TABLE OF CONTENTS Page REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS ......................................................................................................... 3 REPORT OF THE NON-EXECUTIVE DIRECTORS ........................................................................ 24 STATEMENT OF DIRECTORS' RESPONSIBILITIES ...................................................................... 31 FINANCIAL STATEMENTS FOR THE PERIOD 7 APRIL 2021 TO 31 DECEMBER 2021 ............... 33 OTHER INFORMATION ................................................................................................................... 54 INDEPENDENT AUDITOR'S REPORT ............................................................................................ 55 MANAGEMENT REPORT General VAM Investments SPAC B.V. (""VAM Investments SPAC"" or the ""Company"") is a private limited liability company incorporated under Dutch law (besloten vennootschap met beperkte aansprakelijkheid)  with its statutory seat in Amsterdam  the Netherlands  and its registered office at Via Manzoni 3  20121 Milan  Italy  and registered in the Trade Register of the Dutch Chamber of Commerce (handelsregister van de Kamer van Koophandel) under number 82465207  and operating under the laws of the Netherlands. The Company's Legal Entity Identifier is 724500WU54AQ8OJ2SU41. VAM Investments SPAC was admitted to listing and trading on Euronext Amsterdam  the regulated market operated by Euronext Amsterdam N.V. (""Euronext Amsterdam"") on 19 July 2021 following an initial public offering (""IPO"") of Units (as defined below) pursuant to which it raised €210 326 560 in gross proceeds (the ""IPO Proceeds""). VAM Investments SPAC is a Special Purpose Acquisition Company (""SPAC"") and was incorporated for the purpose of effecting a merger  demerger  share exchange  asset acquisition  share purchase  reorganisation or similar business combination with  or acquisition of  a business or company (a ""Target"") (a ""Business Combination"") operating in the consumer products and services sector (the ""Target Sector"") that is headquartered or operating in the European Economic Area  Switzerland or the United Kingdom  although it may pursue a Business Combination opportunity in any geography  industry or sector. VAM Investments Group S.p.A. is the sponsor of the Company (the ""Sponsor""). Each unit sold to investors in the IPO comprised (the ""Units""): (i) one ordinary share in the share capital of the Company  each having a nominal value of €0.01 (jointly  the ""Ordinary Shares""); and (ii)a right to receive one-half (1/2) of a redeemable warrant issued by the Company (jointly  the ""Warrants""). During the exercise period described in the Prospectus (as defined below)  each whole Warrant entitles an eligible holder to acquire one Ordinary Share  at the exercise price of €11.50 per Ordinary Share  subject to certain anti-dilution provisions  in accordance with the terms and conditions of the Warrants and the Founder Warrants (as defined below) as published on the Company's website (the ""Warrant T&Cs""). The Units traded on Euronext Amsterdam as Ordinary Shares with (cum) a right to acquire one-half (1/2) of Warrant until 27 July 2021  on which day a distribution in kind was made at the expense of the general share premium reserve maintained by the Company  whereby one-half (1/2) of a Warrant was distributed to each holder of Ordinary Shares on the record date (the ""Distribution"")  after which the Ordinary Shares and the whole Warrants commenced trading separately on Euronext Amsterdam. Entitlements to fractions of Warrants were forfeited. Since the IPO  we have been focusing on finding the right Target for our SPAC. Whilst we have reviewed  and are reviewing  multiple potential Targets  at the date of this management report  we have not yet selected a Target that could be proposed to the Business Combination EGM (as defined below). We continue our search for a Business Combination with a Target  which is to be completed within the 24-month period from the settlement date of the IPO (the settlement date of the IPO  being 21 July 2021  the ""Settlement Date"")  being 21 July 2023  plus an additional six months subject to approval by the general meeting (algemene vergadering) of the Company (the ""General Meeting"") (the ""Business Combination Deadline"")  as announced in the prospectus relating to the IPO dated 14 July 2021 (the ""Prospectus""). If the Company proposes to complete a Business Combination  it will convene an extraordinary General Meeting and propose the Business Combination to the Company's shareholders (the ""Business Combination EGM""). The resolution by the Board (as defined below) to complete a Business Combination will require the prior approval of a simple majority of the votes cast on the Ordinary Shares and the Founder Shares (as defined below) at the Business Combination EGM. If a proposed Business Combination is not approved at the Business Combination EGM  the Company may (i) provide notice of a subsequent General Meeting and submit the same proposed Business Combination for approval or (ii) seek other potential Targets  provided that the Business Combination must be completed prior to the Business Combination Deadline. VAM Investments SPAC suffered an after-tax loss of €3 154 802.43 over the period from 7 April 2021 (date of incorporation of VAM Investments SPAC) until 31 December 2021. VAM Investments SPAC has not recorded any operational revenues. The result is attributable to the Negative Interest (as defined below) rate payable on the Escrow Account (as defined below) plus a change in the market value of the Warrants and incurring expenses  commissions and taxes in connection with the IPO and the subsequent search for a Business Combination. The Negative Interest in respect of the IPO Proceeds held in the Escrow Account from 21 July 2021 to 31 December 2021 was paid from the part of the Negative Interest Cover (as defined below) deposited in the Escrow Account  so that the entire amount of IPO Proceeds was still held in the Escrow Account at 31 December 2021. About VAM Investments SPAC B.V. Capital structure At incorporation  the Company issued 1 share with a nominal value of €1.00 to the Sponsor. Following the IPO and the concurrent private placement with the Sponsor  the Company's issued capital was increased to €1 262 908.20  as at 31 December 2021 consisting of the following: (i) €52 581.64  representing approximately 4.16% of the Company's issued capital  consisting of 5 258 164 founder shares  each having a nominal value of €0.01 (the ""Founder Shares"")  acquired by the Sponsor for an aggregate issue price of €9 809 796.80. The Founder Shares shall not share in any profits nor in the reserves of the Company  other than in case of a Liquidation (as defined below) in accordance with a pre-determined order of priority as laid down in the Company's articles of association as in force on the date hereof (the ""Articles of Association""). The Founder Shares will be converted into newly issued Ordinary Shares following a Business Combination on a one-for-one basis  subject to adjustment for share sub-divisions  share capitalizations  reorganizations  recapitalizations and the like  in accordance with the promote schedule the terms of which are set out in the Prospectus;(ii) €200 000  representing approximately 15.84% of the Company's issued capital  consisting of the founder share f1 in the Company with a nominal value of €200 000 (the ""Founder Share F1"")  subscribed by the Sponsor for an issue price of €200 000;(iii) €210 326.56  representing approximately 16.65% of the Company's issued capital  consisting of 21 032 656 Ordinary Shares  each having a nominal value of €0.01  acquired by the investors in the IPO as part of the Units for an aggregate issue price of €210 326 560; and(iv) €800 000  representing approximately 63.35% of the Company's issued capital  consisting of the 80 000 000 Treasury Shares (as defined below)  each having a nominal value of €0.01. As part of the IPO and the concurrent private placement with the Sponsor  the Company further: (i) transferred 10 516 328 Warrants to holders of Ordinary Shares as part of the Distribution; and(ii) issued 9 809 796 rights to subscribe for one ordinary share in the capital of the Company (the ""Founder Warrants"")  for no consideration  which are deemed embedded in and form part of the Founder Share F1 held by the Sponsor. During the exercise period described in the Prospectus  each whole Founder Warrant entitles an eligible holder to acquire one newly issued Ordinary Share  at the exercise price of €11.50 per Ordinary Share  subject to certain anti-dilution provisions  in accordance with the Warrant T&Cs. Ordinary Shares and Warrants held in treasury On the Settlement Date  the Company issued to  and immediately repurchased from  the Sponsor (i) 80 000 000 Ordinary Shares (""Treasury Shares"") and (ii) 40 000 000 Warrants  all at the same value (so that no net proceeds remained with or were due by the Company)  for the purpose of holding these in treasury for purposes of  inter alia  (i) the delivery of Ordinary Shares upon the exercise of the Warrants  (ii) the transfer of Warrants as part of the Distribution; and (iii) for future issuances of securities of the Company that are convertible into  exchangeable for or exercisable for Ordinary Shares to fund  or otherwise in connection with  the Business Combination. As long as the Treasury Shares are held in treasury  they will not yield dividends or rights to other distributions  will not entitle the Company as a holder thereof to voting rights  will not count towards the calculation of dividends  or other distributions or voting percentages  and will not be eligible for redemption. As long as the Warrants are held in treasury  they will not be exercisable. The Treasury Shares and Warrants held in treasury are admitted to listing and trading on Euronext Amsterdam. No Business Combination by the Business Combination Deadline If the Company does not complete a Business Combination by the Business Combination Deadline  the Company intends to  as soon as reasonably possible  initiate a repurchase procedure allowing the holders of Ordinary Shares to receive a pro rata share of funds in the Escrow Account which  as a result of the Negative Interest Cover  is anticipated to be €10.00 per Ordinary Share. The Board (as defined below) will set and announce by press release an acceptance period for the repurchase of Ordinary Shares. Holders of Ordinary Shares will need to take steps to have their Ordinary Shares repurchased by the Company  as will be set out by the Company around that time. Ordinary Shareholders who fail to participate in the repurchase procedure at such time are dependent on the Liquidation of the Company to receive any repayment in respect of their Ordinary Shares and such amount may be different from  and will be paid later than  that available if such holder of Ordinary Shares had participated in the repurchase procedure. Subsequently  the Company intends to  as soon as reasonably possible  and in any event  within no more than two months from the Business Combination Deadline  at the proposal of the Board convene a General Meeting for the purpose of adopting a resolution to (i) dissolve and liquidate the Company and (ii) delist the Ordinary Shares and the Warrants (the ""Liquidation""). In the event of a Liquidation  the distribution of the Company's assets and the allocation of the liquidation surplus shall be completed  after payment of the Company's creditors and settlement of its liabilities  in accordance with a pre-determined order of priority as laid down in the Articles of Association. There will be no distribution of proceeds or otherwise with respect to any of the Warrants or the Founder Warrants  and all such Warrants and Founder Warrants will automatically expire without value upon occurrence of such a Liquidation. This is an excerpt of the original content. To continue reading it  access the original document here. Attachments Original LinkOriginal DocumentPermalink Disclaimer VAM Investments SPAC BV published this content on 15 April 2022 and is solely responsible for the information contained therein. Distributed by Public  unedited and unaltered  on 15 April 2022 07:19:08 UTC.© Publicnow 2022 All news about VAM INVESTMENTS SPAC B.V. 03:20a VAM INVESTMENTS SPAC B : Press Release – Annual Financial Report 2021 PU 03:20a VAM INVESTMENTS SPAC B : AGM 30 May 2022 – Power of Attorney PU 03:20a VAM INVESTMENTS SPAC B : AGM Notice – 30 May 2022 PU 03:20a VAM INVESTMENTS SPAC B : Annual Financial Report 2021 PU 2021 VAM INVESTMENTS SPAC B.V. : Ipo CO",neutral,0.01,0.97,0.02,mixed,0.19,0.29,0.52,True,English,"['VAM Investments SPAC B', 'Annual Financial Report', 'handelsregister van de Kamer van Koophandel', 'VAM Investments Group S.p.A.', 'General VAM Investments SPAC B.V.', 'general share premium reserve', 'Euronext Amsterdam N.V.', 'private limited liability company', 'Special Purpose Acquisition Company', 'multiple email addresses', 'Legal Entity Identifier', 'initial public offering', 'European Economic Area', 'multiple potential Targets', 'additional six months', 'extraordinary General Meeting', 'fields Annual Report', 'CONTENTS Page REPORT', 'similar business combination', 'Business Combination opportunity', 'Business Combination EGM', 'Business Combination Deadline', 'one ordinary share', 'Annual Financial Report', 'Warrant T&Cs', 'share exchange', 'share purchase', 'share capital', '31 FINANCIAL STATEMENTS', 'asset acquisition', 'Ordinary Shares', '55 MANAGEMENT REPORT', '33 OTHER INFORMATION', '54 INDEPENDENT AUDITOR', 'Dutch law', 'besloten vennootschap', 'beperkte aansprakelijkheid', 'statutory seat', 'registered office', 'Via Manzoni', 'Trade Register', 'Dutch Chamber', 'regulated market', 'gross proceeds', 'consumer products', 'United Kingdom', 'nominal value', 'exercise price', 'anti-dilution provisions', 'algemene vergadering', 'simple majority', 'NON-EXECUTIVE DIRECTORS', ""DIRECTORS' RESPONSIBILITIES"", 'services sector', 'record date', 'settlement date', 'redeemable warrant', 'First name', 'exercise period', 'eligible holder', '24-month period', 'prior approval', 'Founder Warrants', 'IPO Proceeds', 'Target Sector', 'The Company', 'right Target', '3 REPORT', '20am', 'commas', 'Message', 'incorporation', '7 April', '31 December', 'TABLE', '24 STATEMENT', 'Netherlands', 'Milan', 'Italy', 'Commerce', 'number', 'laws', '724500WU54AQ8OJ2SU41', 'trading', '19 July', 'Units', 'merger', 'reorganisation', 'Switzerland', 'geography', 'industry', 'sponsor', 'investors', 'one-half', 'Prospectus', 'accordance', 'terms', 'conditions', 'website', '27 July', 'day', 'distribution', 'kind', 'expense', 'Entitlements', 'fractions', 'search', 'shareholders', 'resolution', 'Board', 'votes']",2022-04-15,2022-04-15,marketscreener.com
3022,EuroNext,Bing API,https://uk.movies.yahoo.com/ferrari-n-v-periodic-report-195800536.html,FERRARI N.V.: PERIODIC REPORT ON THE BUYBACK PROGRAM,on a daily basis - on Euronext Milan (EXM) as follows: Trading Date (dd/mm/yyyy) Stock Exchange Number of common shares purchased Average price per share Consideration excluding fees 15/03/2022 (*) translated at the European Central Bank EUR/USD exchange ...,Ferrari N.V.Maranello (Italy)  March 21  2022 – Ferrari N.V. (NYSE/EXM: RACE) (“Ferrari” or the “Company”) informs that the Company has purchased  under the sixth tranche of the common share buyback program announced on March 3  2022 (“Sixth Tranche”)  additional common shares - reported in aggregate form  on a daily basis - on Euronext Milan (EXM) as follows:TradingDate(dd/mm/yyyy)Stock ExchangeNumber of common shares purchasedAverage price per shareexcluding fees(€)Consideration excluding fees(€)15/03/2022 EXM 16 562 175.3414 2 904 005.00 16/03/2022 EXM 1 777 183.4044 325 909.70 17/03/2022 EXM 6 543 186.7698 1 222 035.10 18/03/2022 EXM 6 454 185.8355 1 199 382.35Total- 31 336 180.3463 5 651 332.15(*) translated at the European Central Bank EUR/USD exchange reference rate as of the date of each purchaseSince the announcement of the Sixth Tranche of the buyback program dated March 3  2022 till March 18  2022  the total invested consideration has been:Euro 18 554 255.80 for No. 104 449 common shares purchased on the EXMUSD 9 413 362.26 (Euro 8 607 940.43*) for No. 49 800 common shares purchased on the NYSE.Under the Company’s equity incentive plans  on March 16  2022 the Company assigned  inter alia  to certain employees of Ferrari Group No. 122 125 common shares held in treasury. On the same day Ferrari purchased in a “cross order” transaction executed on the EXM No. 56 517 common shares from a group of those employees in order to cover their individual's taxable income as is standard practice (Sell to Cover) at the average price of Euro 183.3946 per share.As of March 18  2022  the Company held in treasury No. 10 582 454 common shares equal to 4.12% of the total issued share capital including the common shares and the special voting shares  net of shares assigned under the Company’s equity incentive plan.Since January 1  2019 until March 18  2022  the Company has purchased a total of 5 462 736 own common shares on EXM and NYSE  excluding transactions for Sell to Cover  for a total consideration of Euro 830 582 762.77.Story continuesA comprehensive overview of the transactions carried out under the buyback program  as well as the details of the above transactions  are available on Ferrari’s corporate website under the Buyback Programs section ( http://corporate.ferrari.com/en/investors/stock-and-shareholder-corner/buyback-programs ).Attachment,neutral,0.02,0.96,0.03,positive,0.56,0.36,0.08,True,English,"['FERRARI N.V.', 'PERIODIC REPORT', 'BUYBACK PROGRAM', 'THE', 'EUR/USD exchange reference rate', 'Ferrari N.V. Maranello', 'common share buyback program', 'EXM No. 56,517 common shares', 'European Central Bank', 'equity incentive plans', 'Buyback Programs section', 'special voting shares', 'additional common shares', 'No. 104,449 common shares', 'No. 49,800 common shares', 'cross order” transaction', 'Ferrari Group No.', '125 common shares', '10,582,454 common shares', 'Stock Exchange', 'treasury No.', 'sixth tranche', 'aggregate form', 'daily basis', 'Euronext Milan', 'Average price', 'same day', 'taxable income', 'standard practice', 'share capital', 'comprehensive overview', 'Trading Date', 'corporate website', 'total consideration', 'Italy', 'March', 'NYSE/EXM', 'RACE', 'Company', 'Number', 'fees', 'purchase', 'announcement', 'employees', 'individual', 'January', 'transactions', 'Sell', 'Story', 'details', 'investors', 'shareholder-corner', 'buyback-programs', 'Attachment', '5,462,736']",2022-04-15,2022-04-15,uk.movies.yahoo.com
3023,EuroNext,Bing API,https://au.finance.yahoo.com/news/nexans-receives-approval-colombia-antitrust-093000431.html,Nexans receives approval from Colombia’s antitrust authority for Centelsa acquisition,Nexans receives approval from Colombia’s antitrust authority for Centelsa acquisition _PRESS RELEASE_ Paris  France / Monterrey  Mexico  March 21  2022 – Nexans SA (Euronext Paris: NEX) announced today that it has received antitrust clearance from ...,"NexansNexans receives approval from Colombia’s antitrust authority for Centelsa acquisition_PRESS RELEASE_Paris  France / Monterrey  Mexico  March 21  2022 – Nexans SA (Euronext Paris: NEX) announced today that it has received antitrust clearance from Superintendencia de Industria y Comercio (“SIC”) of Colombia  that will permit Nexans SA to proceed with the proposed acquisition  from Xignux SA  of Centelsa.“We are very pleased that the SIC has approved this transaction as it demonstrates the Group’s firepower to become a Pure Electrification player. This significant step forward in the process that will see Centelsa part of the Nexans Group will generate significant benefits for all stakeholders."" said Christopher Guérin  Nexans Chief Executive Officer.About CentelsaCENTELSA is a manufacturing company of cables for energy and communications  which has been part of the industry since 1955  during which time it has retained its position as a recognized cable manufacturer in Colombia. It has a network of strategically located offices to cover the national and international markets  thus offering outstanding service levels.About XignuxXignux is a Mexico-based company dedicated to the energy and food industries with sales in more than 40 countries. Xignux was founded 65 years ago and employs more than 28 000 people in five countries. Xignux manages companies that energize life and society to contribute to a better world. www.xignux.comAbout NexansFor over a century  Nexans has played a crucial role in the electrification of the planet and is committed to electrify the future. With around 25 000 people in 42 countries  the Group is leading the charge to the new world of electrification: safe  sustainable  renewable  decarbonized and accessible to everyone. In 2021  Nexans generated 6.1 billion euros in standard sales. The Group is a leader in the design and manufacturing of cable systems and services across four main business areas: Building & Territories  High Voltage & Projects  Industry & Solutions and Telecom & Data. Nexans is the first company of its industry to create a Foundation supporting sustainable initiatives bringing access to energy to disadvantaged communities worldwide. The Group pledged to contribute to carbon neutrality by 2030.Nexans. Electrify the future.Story continuesNexans is listed on Euronext Paris  compartment A.For more information  please visit www.nexans.comwww.nexans.comContacts:CommunicationElyette Rouxelyette.roux@nexans.comMinaa El BazTel.: +33 (0)1 78 15 04 65minaa.el_baz@nexans.com Investor relationsAurélia Baudey-VignaudTel.: +33 (0)1 78 15 03 94aurelia.baudey-vignaud@nexans.comElodie Robbe-MouillotTel.: +33 (0)1 78 15 03 87elodie.robbe-mouillot@nexans.comXignux Contacts:CommunicationMediaContact@xignux.comAttachment",neutral,0.03,0.93,0.04,positive,0.75,0.21,0.04,True,English,"['antitrust authority', 'Centelsa acquisition', 'Nexans', 'approval', 'Colombia', 'Superintendencia de Industria y', 'four main business areas', 'Nexans Chief Executive Officer', 'Christopher Guérin', 'outstanding service levels', 'Aurélia Baudey-Vignaud', 'Elyette Roux elyette', 'Minaa El Baz', 'Pure Electrification player', 'antitrust authority', 'antitrust clearance', 'significant step', 'significant benefits', 'cable manufacturer', 'international markets', 'Mexico-based company', 'food industries', 'a century', 'crucial role', '6.1 billion euros', 'cable systems', 'High Voltage', 'first company', 'sustainable initiatives', 'disadvantaged communities', 'carbon neutrality', 'compartment A.', 'Investor relations', 'Euronext Paris', 'The Group', 'manufacturing company', 'new world', 'standard sales', 'Elodie Robbe-Mouillot', 'Communication MediaContact', 'Nexans SA', 'five countries', 'Xignux SA', 'Nexans Group', 'Centelsa acquisition', 'Centelsa part', 'Xignux Contacts', '40 countries', '42 countries', 'approval', 'Colombia', 'France', 'Monterrey', 'Comercio', 'SIC', 'transaction', 'firepower', 'process', 'stakeholders', 'cables', 'energy', 'communications', 'industry', 'time', 'position', 'recognized', 'network', 'offices', '28,000 people', 'companies', 'life', 'society', 'planet', 'future', '25,000 people', 'charge', 'everyone', 'leader', 'design', 'services', 'Building', 'Territories', 'Projects', 'Solutions', 'Telecom', 'Data', 'Foundation', 'access', 'Story', 'information', 'Tel.', 'aurelia', 'Attachment']",2022-04-15,2022-04-15,au.finance.yahoo.com
3024,EuroNext,Bing API,https://www.wkrn.com/business/press-releases/globenewswire/1000617378/sascha-bibert-is-appointed-as-new-chief-financial-officer-of-vallourec-and-joins-the-executive-committee/,Sascha Bibert is appointed as new Chief Financial Officer of Vallourec and joins the Executive Committee,Listed on Euronext in Paris (ISIN code: FR0013506730  Ticker VK)  Vallourec is part of the CAC Mid 60  SBF 120 and Next 150 indices and is eligible for Deferred Settlement Service. In the United States  Vallourec has established a sponsored Level 1 ...,Listed on Euronext in Paris (ISIN code: FR0013506730  Ticker VK)  Vallourec is part of the CAC Mid 60  SBF 120 and Next 150 indices and is eligible for Deferred Settlement Service. In the United States  Vallourec has established a sponsored Level 1 ...,neutral,0.04,0.94,0.03,neutral,0.01,0.96,0.03,True,English,"['new Chief Financial Officer', 'Sascha Bibert', 'Executive Committee', 'Vallourec', 'Deferred Settlement Service', 'ISIN code', 'Ticker VK', 'CAC Mid', 'Next 150 indices', 'United States', 'Euronext', 'Paris', 'Vallourec', 'part', 'SBF', 'Level 1']",2022-04-15,2022-04-15,wkrn.com
3025,EuroNext,Bing API,https://uk.finance.yahoo.com/news/results-annual-extraordinary-shareholders-meetings-160000647.html,Results of the Annual and Extraordinary Shareholders’ Meetings,Press release – regulated information Biotalys (Euronext - BTLS) (the “Company” or “Biotalys”)  an Agricultural Technology (AgTech) company protecting crops and food with protein-based biocontrol solutions ,BiotalysGhent  Belgium  April 15  2022 (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) -- Press release – regulated informationBiotalys (Euronext - BTLS) (the “Company” or “Biotalys”)  an Agricultural Technology (AgTech) company protecting crops and food with protein-based biocontrol solutions  held its annual and extraordinary shareholders' meetings today at 10:00 a.m. CEST at the Company’s seat. The shareholders approved all items on the agenda of both meetings. All documents relating to the shareholders’ meetings can be consulted on the website of the Company. The minutes will be made available in due course.- ENDS -For further information  please contact:Toon Musschoot  Head of Investor Relations and CommunicationsT: +32 (0)9 274 54 00E: Toon.Musschoot@biotalys.comAbout BiotalysBiotalys is an Agricultural Technology (AgTech) company protecting crops and food with proprietary protein-based biocontrol solutions and aiming to provide alternatives to conventional chemical pesticides for a more sustainable and safer food supply. Based on its novel AGROBODY™ technology platform  Biotalys is developing a strong and diverse pipeline of effective product candidates with a favorable safety profile that aim to address key crop pests and diseases across the whole value chain  from soil to plate. Biotalys was founded in 2013 as a spin-off from the VIB (Flanders Institute for Biotechnology) and is listed on Euronext Brussels since July 2021. The company is based in the biotech cluster in Ghent  Belgium. More information can be found on www.biotalys.com.,neutral,0.09,0.79,0.13,neutral,0.04,0.93,0.04,True,English,"['Extraordinary Shareholders’ Meetings', 'Results', 'Annual', 'novel AGROBODY™ technology platform', 'proprietary protein-based biocontrol solutions', 'conventional chemical pesticides', 'effective product candidates', 'favorable safety profile', 'key crop pests', 'safer food supply', ""extraordinary shareholders' meetings"", 'Agricultural Technology', 'GLOBE NEWSWIRE', 'Press release', 'shareholders’ meetings', 'due course', 'Investor Relations', 'Communications T', 'diverse pipeline', 'value chain', 'Flanders Institute', 'biotech cluster', 'regulated information', 'More information', 'Euronext Brussels', 'AgTech) company', 'Toon Musschoot', 'Biotalys', 'Ghent', 'Belgium', 'April', 'BTLS', 'crops', 'annual', '10:00 a', 'CEST', 'seat', 'items', 'agenda', 'documents', 'website', 'minutes', 'ENDS', 'Head', 'alternatives', 'sustainable', 'strong', 'diseases', 'soil', 'plate', 'spin-off', 'VIB', 'Biotechnology', 'July', '9']",2022-04-15,2022-04-15,uk.finance.yahoo.com
3026,EuroNext,Bing API,https://uk.sports.yahoo.com/news/campine-bids-selected-assets-recylex-063000906.html,Campine bids on selected assets of Recylex France,Campine NV  metals recycling and specialty chemicals company from Beerse  Belgium and listed on Euronext Brussels has submitted a binding offer for selected assets of the Recylex S.A. group. Recylex S.,Campine NVOccasional information – April 15th  2022 – 08:30Campine NV  metals recycling and specialty chemicals company from Beerse  Belgium and listed on Euronext Brussels has submitted a binding offer for selected assets of the Recylex S.A. group.Recylex S.A.  a French metal recycling company listed on Euronext Paris has been in financial difficulties since several years  which lead mid 2020 to the bankruptcy of its German entities  the main industrial assets of the group. Recylex initiated a debt restructuring process in 2021 in which it seeks to sell several of its remaining French assets.Campine has offered to acquire the lead battery recycling plants in Escaudoeuvres and Villefranche-sur-Saône  France as well as the plastics recycling unit C2P  located on the same site.The 2 Recylex sites employ about 60 people and recycle a total of about 80.000 tonnes of batteries. This bid fits in Campine’s expansion plans to grow in the circular economy by increasing its material recovery rate as well as starting to recycle plastics. Campine intends to integrate both plants in its industrial operations  maintaining employment and plans substantial investments in the future on both sites. Campine also aims to continue the relationship with the existing suppliers  service providers and customers.Campine’s offer is currently under evaluation and is subject to different conditions precedent linked to environmental liabilities and obligations as well as administrative authorisations. The impact of the offered price on Campine’s finances is limited. The offer will be further filed with the French commercial court in Paris and will remain subject to its approval.For more details on the situation of Recylex  we refer to the Recylex press releases  which can be found on https://recylex.eu/en/publications/For further information you can contact Karin Leysen (tel. no +32 14 60 15 49)(email: Karin.Leysen@campine.com)Attachments,neutral,0.03,0.9,0.06,negative,0.02,0.24,0.74,True,English,"['Campine bids', 'Recylex France', 'assets', 'French metal recycling company', 'lead battery recycling plants', 'Recylex S.A. group', 'specialty chemicals company', 'French commercial court', 'debt restructuring process', 'material recovery rate', 'different conditions precedent', 'remaining French assets', 'Recylex press releases', 'plastics recycling unit', 'main industrial assets', 'metals recycling', 'industrial operations', 'recylex.eu', 'April 15th', 'Euronext Brussels', 'financial difficulties', 'several years', 'German entities', 'Villefranche-sur-Saône', 'same site', 'substantial investments', 'existing suppliers', 'service providers', 'environmental liabilities', 'administrative authorisations', 'Karin Leysen', 'Karin.Leysen', '2 Recylex sites', 'Occasional information', 'Euronext Paris', 'binding offer', 'Campine NV', 'Beerse', 'Belgium', 'bankruptcy', 'Escaudoeuvres', 'France', 'C2P', 'The', '60 people', 'total', '80.000 tonnes', 'batteries', 'bid', 'expansion', 'economy', 'employment', 'plans', 'future', 'relationship', 'customers', 'evaluation', 'obligations', 'impact', 'price', 'finances', 'approval', 'details', 'situation', 'publications', 'email', 'Attachments', '32']",2022-04-15,2022-04-15,uk.sports.yahoo.com
3027,EuroNext,Bing API,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/geneuro-financial-information-first-quarter-053000197.html,GeNeuro: Financial Information for the First Quarter 2022,GeNeuro (Paris:GNRO) (Euronext Paris: CH0308403085 - GNRO)  a biopharmaceutical company developing treatments for neurodegenerative and autoimmune diseases  such as multiple sclerosis (MS)  amyotrophic lateral sclerosis (ALS) and the severe neuropsychiatric consequences of COVID-19 (post-COVID) ,"Strong financial situation and visibility: Net cash position of €5.9 million Company’s operations funded until Q2-2023GENEVA  April 15  2022--(BUSINESS WIRE)--Regulatory News:GeNeuro (Paris:GNRO) (Euronext Paris: CH0308403085 - GNRO)  a biopharmaceutical company developing treatments for neurodegenerative and autoimmune diseases  such as multiple sclerosis (MS)  amyotrophic lateral sclerosis (ALS) and the severe neuropsychiatric consequences of COVID-19 (post-COVID)  today reported on its 2022 first quarter cash position.2022 First-quarter financial informationAt March 31  2022  GeNeuro had €5.9 million in cash. This includes the first instalment of €3.0 million from the Swiss Federal Office for Public Health (FOPH) grant for its post-COVID program  which was received in January 2022. The available cash resources provide GeNeuro with good visibility until Q2-2023 in terms of financing its current activities.The cash consumption related to GeNeuro’s operating and investing activities in Q1 2022 was €2.5 million  compared to €2.1 million for the same period of 2021. The increase is due to expenses related to the preparation of the Phase 2 clinical trial in post-COVID  primarily for the manufacturing of a new batch of the company’s leading drug candidate  temelimab  which will be used in the clinical trial. Accordingly  Q1 2022 cash consumption was in line with the Company’s expectations and also included the payment of outstanding invoices from suppliers and accruals at end December 2021. With the Company’s ProTEct-MS clinical trial at the Karolinska Institutet in Stockholm having been completed during Q1 2022  with the topline results announced on March 21  2022  the Company expects its cash consumption to continue decreasing during 2022  excluding the effect of the post-COVID clinical trial.Other product development highlights since January 1  2022Multiple Sclerosis (MS)On March 21  2022  GeNeuro presented the top-line results from its ProTEct-MS temelimab Phase 2 MS trial performed at the Karolinska Institutet’s Academic Specialist Center in Stockholm under the leadership of Prof. Fredrik Piehl. The primary endpoint of the ProTEct-MS study was met  with results confirming the excellent safety profile and tolerability of higher doses of temelimab administered concomitantly with a high-efficacy anti-inflammatory drug; in addition  efficacy data  obtained in this patient group already effectively treated against inflammation  showed that temelimab has a favorable impact on key MRI parameters measuring neurodegeneration; the observed effect sizes in this new patient population were consistent with the ones shown in the previous CHANGE-MS and ANGEL-MS studies.Story continuesIn the earlier trials  temelimab was used as a monotherapy in an active relapsing remitting MS population. However  today the majority of patients in developed countries receive an effective therapy against inflammation. As existing therapies against inflammation and relapses only have a modest impact on long-term disability progression  the therapeutic opportunity for temelimab is to be used in combination as a treatment against neurodegeneration  in order to tackle both inflammation and neurodegeneration. The ProTEct-MS results have now confirmed that temelimab’s effect remain visible and coherent with previous results  when administered in combination with a potent anti-inflammatory drug and in a population whose disability progresses despite an effective treatment against relapses.In September 2021  GeNeuro had announced it had opened an extension to ProTEct-MS in order to provide patients having completed their one-year treatment duration the possibility of continued treatment with temelimab. However  the current lot of temelimab used for this extension will expire at the end of April 2022. Due to the worldwide shortage in the supply of culture media for antibody manufacturing during the COVID-19 pandemic  delivery of the new batch of temelimab has been delayed until the summer. As a result  GeNeuro has decided to close at the end of April 2022 this extension study  which was not designed to generate additional MRI data.Post-COVIDIn January 2022  GeNeuro received the first instalment of €3.0 million from the Swiss Federal Office for Public Health (FOPH) grant for its post-COVID program.On April 13  2022  GeNeuro announced the first results of its collaboration with FondaMental Foundation for the development of diagnostic and therapeutic options for patients with post-COVID neuropsychiatric syndromes. The study showed a strong correlation between SARS-CoV-2 infection  W-ENV protein and markers of innate immunity  in patients with psychiatric disorders  confirming the interest of treating post-COVID neuropsychiatric syndromes by neutralizing the W-ENV protein with the temelimab antibody. GeNeuro is preparing to launch a phase 2 clinical trial in 200 patients with post-COVID syndromes and positive for W-ENV.Next financial report:Second-quarter 2022 cash position: July 15  2022.Forthcoming investor and industry events:May 31  2022 Annual general meeting of shareholdersJune 28  2022 Gilbert Dupont Midcaps ForumAbout GeNeuroGeNeuro‘s mission is to leverage HERV biology to develop safe and effective treatments for the benefit of patients  by neutralizing causal factors encoded by HERVs that represent 8% of human DNA.GeNeuro is based in Geneva  Switzerland and has R&D facilities in Lyon  France. It has rights to 17 patent families protecting its technology.For more information  visit: www.geneuro.comhttps://twitter.com/GeneuroOhttps://www.youtube.com/channel/UCODwH_v0z6wwnlVhGzmw0pAhttps://www.linkedin.com/company/geneuro-sa/Disclaimer:This press release contains certain forward - looking statements and estimates concerning GeNeuro’s financial condition  operating results  strategy  projects and future performance and the markets in which it operates. Such forward-looking statements and estimates may be identified by words  such as ""anticipate "" ""believe "" ""can "" ""could "" ""estimate "" ""expect "" ""intend "" ""is designed to "" ""may "" ""might "" ""plan "" ""potential "" ""predict "" ""objective "" ""should "" or the negative of these and similar expressions. They incorporate all topics that are not historical facts. Forward looking statements  forecasts and estimates are based on management’s current assumptions and assessment of risks  uncertainties and other factors  known and unknown  which were deemed to be reasonable at the time they were made but which may turn out to be incorrect. Events and outcomes are difficult to predict and depend on factors beyond the company’s control. Consequently  the actual results  financial condition  performances and/or achievements of GeNeuro or of the industry may turn out to differ materially from the future results  performances or achievements expressed or implied by these statements  forecasts and estimates. Owing to these uncertainties  no representation is made as to the correctness or fairness of these forward-looking statements  forecasts and estimates. Furthermore  forward-looking statements  forecasts and estimates speak only as of the date on which they are made  and GeNeuro undertakes no obligation to update or revise any of them  whether as a result of new information  future events or otherwise  except as required by law.View source version on businesswire.com: https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20220414005590/en/ContactsGeNeuroJesús Martin-GarciaChairman and CEO+41 22 552 4800investors@geneuro.comNewCap (France)Louis-Victor Delouvrier / Mathilde Bohin (investors)+33 1 44 71 98 52Arthur Rouillé (media)+33 1 44 71 94 98geneuro@newcap.eu",neutral,0.02,0.96,0.02,mixed,0.32,0.28,0.4,True,English,"['Financial Information', 'First Quarter', 'GeNeuro', 'active relapsing remitting MS population', 'Other product development highlights', 'ProTEct-MS temelimab Phase 2 MS trial', '2022 first quarter cash position', 'Phase 2 clinical trial', 'severe neuropsychiatric consequences', '2022 First-quarter financial information', 'Swiss Federal Office', 'leading drug candidate', 'Academic Specialist Center', 'Prof. Fredrik Piehl', 'excellent safety profile', 'high-efficacy anti-inflammatory drug', 'key MRI parameters', 'potent anti-inflammatory drug', 'Next financial report', 'Net cash position', 'Second-quarter 2022 cash position', 'ProTEct-MS clinical trial', 'available cash resources', 'Strong financial situation', 'additional MRI data', 'amyotrophic lateral sclerosis', 'long-term disability progression', 'COVID clinical trial', 'new patient population', 'The ProTEct-MS results', 'one-year treatment duration', 'post-COVID neuropsychiatric syndromes', 'Q1 2022 cash consumption', 'post-COVID syndromes', 'first instalment', 'efficacy data', 'patient group', 'first results', 'strong correlation', 'ProTEct-MS study', 'multiple sclerosis', 'new batch', 'BUSINESS WIRE', 'Regulatory News', 'autoimmune diseases', 'Public Health', 'FOPH) grant', 'post-COVID program', 'current activities', 'investing activities', 'same period', 'outstanding invoices', 'Karolinska Institutet', 'topline results', 'top-line results', 'primary endpoint', 'higher doses', 'favorable impact', 'previous CHANGE-MS', 'ANGEL-MS studies', 'earlier trials', 'developed countries', 'effective therapy', 'existing therapies', 'modest impact', 'therapeutic opportunity', 'previous results', 'current lot', 'worldwide shortage', 'culture media', 'FondaMental Foundation', 'therapeutic options', 'SARS-CoV-2 infection', 'innate immunity', 'psychiatric disorders', 'Forthcoming investor', 'industry events', 'effective treatment', 'W-ENV protein', 'Euronext Paris', 'good visibility', 'antibody manufacturing', 'COVID-19 pandemic', 'temelimab antibody', 'end December', 'effect sizes', 'biopharmaceutical company', 'extension study', 'operations', 'Q2', 'GENEVA', 'April', 'GeNeuro', 'GNRO', 'treatments', 'neurodegenerative', 'March', 'January', 'terms', 'operating', 'increase', 'expenses', 'preparation', 'expectations', 'payment', 'suppliers', 'accruals', 'Stockholm', 'leadership', 'tolerability', 'inflammation', 'neurodegeneration', 'Story', 'monotherapy', 'majority', 'patients', 'relapses', 'combination', 'September', 'possibility', 'supply', 'delivery', 'summer', 'collaboration', 'diagnostic', 'markers', 'interest', 'July']",2022-04-15,2022-04-15,finance.yahoo.com
3028,EuroNext,Bing API,https://apnews.com/press-release/BusinessWire/technology-business-europe-aruba-f3cbc46e9a4c4681aa1cc30fa50cb09d,Options Announce Hosting Capabilities in Euronext Aruba IT3 Bergamo,LONDON & NEW YORK & HONG KONG--(BUSINESS WIRE)--Apr 14  2022-- Options  the leading provider of managed trading infrastructure and connectivity to the global Capital Markets  has announced the successful launch of its new facilities at the Euronext Aruba ...,Press release content from Business Wire. The AP news staff was not involved in its creation.Press release content from Business Wire. The AP news staff was not involved in its creation.Options  the leading provider of managed trading infrastructure and connectivity to the global Capital Markets  has announced the successful launch of its new facilities at the Euronext Aruba IT3 datacentre in Bergamo  Italy. (Graphic: Business Wire)Options  the leading provider of managed trading infrastructure and connectivity to the global Capital Markets  has announced the successful launch of its new facilities at the Euronext Aruba IT3 datacentre in Bergamo  Italy. (Graphic: Business Wire)LONDON & NEW YORK & HONG KONG--(BUSINESS WIRE)--Apr 14  2022--Options  the leading provider of managed trading infrastructure and connectivity to the global Capital Markets  has announced the successful launch of its new facilities at the Euronext Aruba IT3 datacentre in Bergamo  Italy.This press release features multimedia. View the full release here: https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20220414005540/en/Options  the leading provider of managed trading infrastructure and connectivity to the global Capital Markets  has announced the successful launch of its new facilities at the Euronext Aruba IT3 datacentre in Bergamo  Italy. (Graphic: Business Wire)ADVERTISEMENTThe go-live in Euronext Aruba IT3 allows Options’ clients to migrate from the existing Basildon facility into Euronext’s new Bergamo datacentre in a seamless  cost-effective manner  with instant access to high-performance  ultra-low-latency technology and Options’ global connectivity services. In addition to colocating clients in Aruba IT3  Options also facilitate access to this prestigious exchange for clients connecting from other global locations via Options’ high-performance trading network.A key venue in Europe  the Euronext Aruba IT3 datacentre in Bergamo is now available to Options clients via ultra-low-latency layer one or low-latency layer three ports. Options can also facilitate access to these markets outside the IT3 Bergamo datacentre.Options’ SVP of Managed Colocation  Micah Kroeze  said  “We’re excited to be one of the first providers to market for Euronext in Bergamo  providing our clients with trading and operational advantages through every aspect of our services. We have worked closely with Euronext and other partners to ensure our clients experience a seamless transition. We are proud to have our industry-leading ultra-low-latency hosting  data  and connectivity services available immediately for all Euronext trading firms.We provide data from and connectivity to Euronext Equities  Derivatives  Indices  Oslo Bors  and Euronext Dublin through the Bergamo facility  delivered with exceptional performance and resiliency.”ADVERTISEMENTToday’s news marks the latest in a string of announcements for Options  including the achievement of VMware Cloud Verified Status in NY5 and LD4   partnership with Code Willing  enabling BIVA in US markets  and the expansion of hosting capabilities across HKEX Equities and Derivatives markets.In 2019  Options received investment from Boston-based Private Equity Firm Abry Partners . This investment has enabled Options to accelerate its growth strategy and develop its technology platform while expanding its global reach in key financial centres.About Options ( www.options-it.com ):Options Technology is the No. 1 provider of IT infrastructure to global Capital Markets firms  supporting their operations and ecosystems.Founded in 1993  the firm began life as a hedge fund technology services provider. Today  the company provides high-performance managed trading infrastructure and cloud-enabled managed services to over 550 firms globally  providing an agile  scalable platform in an Investment Bank grade Cybersecurity wrapper.Options clients include the leading global investment banks  hedge funds  funds of funds  proprietary trading firms  market makers  broker/dealers  private equity houses  and exchanges. With offices in 8 key cities; New York  Toronto  Chicago  London  Belfast  Hong Kong  Singapore  and New Zealand  Options are well placed to service its customers both on-site and remotely.In 2019  Options secured a significant growth investment from Abry Partners   a Boston-based sector-focused private equity firm. This investment has enabled Options to considerably accelerate its growth strategy to invest further in its technology platform and expand its reach in key financial centres globally.Options has been named among the UK’s leading growth companies in the 2021  2020  2019  2018  and 2017 Sunday Times HSBC International Track 200 league table.For more on Options  please visit www.options-it.com  follow us on Twitter at @Options_IT and visit our LinkedIn page.About Abry Partners ( www.abry.com )Abry is one of the most experienced and successful sector-focused private equity investment firms in North America. Since its founding in 1989  the firm has completed over $82 billion of leveraged transactions and other private equity or preferred equity placements. Currently  the firm manages over $5.0 billion of capital across their active funds.View source version on businesswire.com:https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20220414005540/en/CONTACT: Page McLaughlinpage.mclaughlin@options-it.comKEYWORD: NEW YORK EUROPE UNITED STATES UNITED KINGDOM NORTH AMERICAINDUSTRY KEYWORD: NETWORKS INTERNET DATA MANAGEMENT TECHNOLOGY SOFTWARESOURCE: Options TechnologyCopyright Business Wire 2022.PUB: 04/14/2022 09:07 AM/DISC: 04/14/2022 09:07 AMhttp://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20220414005540/en,neutral,0.01,0.98,0.01,mixed,0.26,0.32,0.42,True,English,"['Euronext Aruba IT3 Bergamo', 'Hosting Capabilities', 'Options', '2017 Sunday Times HSBC International Track 200 league table', 'successful sector-focused private equity investment firms', 'Investment Bank grade Cybersecurity wrapper', 'Boston-based sector-focused private equity firm', 'hedge fund technology services provider', 'Boston-based Private Equity Firm', 'VMware Cloud Verified Status', 'low-latency layer three ports', 'The AP news staff', 'Euronext Aruba IT3 datacentre', 'leading global investment banks', 'global Capital Markets firms', 'private equity houses', 'Options’ high-performance trading network', 'high-performance managed trading infrastructure', 'Options’ global connectivity services', 'IT3 Bergamo datacentre', 'cloud-enabled managed services', 'high-performance, ultra-low-latency technology', 'proprietary trading firms', 'other global locations', 'Euronext trading firms', 'existing Basildon facility', 'seamless, cost-effective manner', 'key financial centres', 'significant growth investment', 'agile, scalable platform', 'leading growth companies', 'new Bergamo datacentre', 'ultra-low-latency layer', 'technology platform', 'leading provider', 'Managed Colocation', 'hedge funds', 'successful launch', 'global reach', 'Euronext Equities', 'Euronext Dublin', 'US markets', 'key venue', 'other partners', 'seamless transition', 'growth strategy', 'No. 1 provider', '8 key cities', 'IT infrastructure', 'Options Technology', 'new facilities', 'NEW YORK', 'Derivatives markets', 'New Zealand', 'Bergamo facility', 'Press release', 'Business Wire', 'HONG KONG', 'full release', 'prestigious exchange', 'Micah Kroeze', 'first providers', 'operational advantages', 'Oslo Bors', 'exceptional performance', 'Code Willing', 'hosting capabilities', 'HKEX Equities', 'market makers', 'LinkedIn page', 'North America', 'Abry Partners', 'Options’ SVP', '550 firms', 'instant access', 'Options’ clients', 'Options clients', 'content', 'creation', 'Italy', 'Graphic', 'LONDON', 'multimedia', 'businesswire', 'ADVERTISEMENT', 'addition', 'Europe', 'aspect', 'Indices', 'resiliency', 'string', 'announcements', 'achievement', 'NY5', 'LD4', 'partnership', 'BIVA', 'expansion', 'operations', 'ecosystems', 'life', 'company', 'broker/dealers', 'exchanges', 'offices', 'Toronto', 'Chicago', 'Belfast', 'Singapore', 'customers', 'site', 'UK', 'Twitter', 'experienced', 'founding', 'transact', '2021']",2022-04-14,2022-04-15,apnews.com
3029,EuroNext,Twitter API,Twitter,Other European markets higher on Thursday  04/14/2022: Euronext 100 +0.57% at 1 262.52  slightly higher for the wee… https://t.co/nrwpeH7WZw,nan,Other European markets higher on Thursday  04/14/2022: Euronext 100 +0.57% at 1 262.52  slightly higher for the wee… https://t.co/nrwpeH7WZw,neutral,0.02,0.94,0.04,neutral,0.02,0.94,0.04,True,English,"['Other European markets', 'Thursday', 'Euronext', 'nrwpeH7WZw', 'Other European markets', 'Thursday', 'Euronext', 'nrwpeH7WZw']",2022-04-15,2022-04-15,Unknown
3030,EuroNext,Twitter API,Twitter,PN30 HDLV INDEX - MID MONTH UPDATENordic Resilience - our HDLV index with 30 listed @Nasdaq Nordic and @Euronext… https://t.co/xzsJrMKtWH,nan,PN30 HDLV INDEX - MID MONTH UPDATENordic Resilience - our HDLV index with 30 listed @Nasdaq Nordic and @Euronext… https://t.co/xzsJrMKtWH,neutral,0.02,0.97,0.01,neutral,0.02,0.97,0.01,True,English,"['MID MONTH UPDATE', 'PN30 HDLV INDEX', 'Nordic Resilience', 'Nasdaq Nordic', 'xzsJrMKtWH', 'MID MONTH UPDATE', 'PN30 HDLV INDEX', 'Nordic Resilience', 'Nasdaq Nordic', 'xzsJrMKtWH']",2022-04-15,2022-04-15,Unknown
3031,EuroNext,Twitter API,Twitter,The norns awards 2022  tra i premiati BioNTech  Euronext e Airtime #lavoro  https://t.co/7TJXHjWdeJ,nan,The norns awards 2022  tra i premiati BioNTech  Euronext e Airtime #lavoro  https://t.co/7TJXHjWdeJ,neutral,0.09,0.89,0.03,neutral,0.09,0.89,0.03,True,English,"['The norns awards', 'Airtime #lavoro', 'BioNTech', 'Euronext', 'TJXHjWdeJ', 'The norns awards', 'Airtime #lavoro', 'BioNTech', 'Euronext', 'TJXHjWdeJ']",2022-04-15,2022-04-15,Unknown
3032,EuroNext,Twitter API,Twitter,Why The Stock Markets Are Really Shrinking https://t.co/tuCpS0DKDe #bloomberg #cnbc #euronext #financialtimes #nyse… https://t.co/83ZFzX9MmV,nan,Why The Stock Markets Are Really Shrinking https://t.co/tuCpS0DKDe #bloomberg #cnbc #euronext #financialtimes #nyse… https://t.co/83ZFzX9MmV,negative,0.03,0.39,0.58,negative,0.03,0.39,0.58,True,English,"['The Stock Markets', 'tuCpS0DKDe', 'bloomberg', 'cnbc', 'euronext', 'financialtimes', 'ZFzX9MmV', 'The Stock Markets', 'tuCpS0DKDe', 'bloomberg', 'cnbc', 'euronext', 'financialtimes', 'ZFzX9MmV']",2022-04-15,2022-04-15,Unknown
3033,EuroNext,Twitter API,Twitter,@A_dmg04 wonder why Euronext memes gambit it’s a joke #nerfheavy #gjallarhorn,nan,@A_dmg04 wonder why Euronext memes gambit it’s a joke #nerfheavy #gjallarhorn,negative,0.02,0.06,0.92,negative,0.02,0.06,0.92,True,English,"['Euronext', 'gambit', 'joke', 'nerfheavy', 'gjallarhorn', 'Euronext', 'gambit', 'joke', 'nerfheavy', 'gjallarhorn']",2022-04-15,2022-04-15,Unknown
