UID,Searchword,API,URL,Title,Summary,Article,Title_Sentiment,Title_Positive,Title_Neutral,Title_Negative,Article_Sentiment,Article_Positive,Article_Neutral,Article_Negative,Verified,Language,Topics,Date,Load_Date,Source
20764,EuroNext,Twitter API,Twitter,Other European stock markets lower on Friday  03/17/2023: Euronext 100 -1.04% at 1 289.39  lower for the week  Euro… https://t.co/PzuWZFWz5k,nan,Other European stock markets lower on Friday  03/17/2023: Euronext 100 -1.04% at 1 289.39  lower for the week  Euro… https://t.co/PzuWZFWz5k,neutral,0.05,0.94,0.01,neutral,0.05,0.94,0.01,True,English,"['Other European stock markets', 'Friday', 'Euronext', 'week', 'PzuWZFWz5k', 'Other European stock markets', 'Friday', 'Euronext', 'week', 'PzuWZFWz5k']",2023-03-17,2023-03-19,Unknown
20765,EuroNext,Twitter API,Twitter,ERYTECH PHARMA And ATLANTIC SAPPHIRE On The List Of Winners And Losers Of Friday's Euronext Session… https://t.co/MeHhYpFYwV,nan,ERYTECH PHARMA And ATLANTIC SAPPHIRE On The List Of Winners And Losers Of Friday's Euronext Session… https://t.co/MeHhYpFYwV,neutral,0.09,0.9,0.01,neutral,0.09,0.9,0.01,True,English,"['ERYTECH PHARMA', 'ATLANTIC SAPPHIRE', 'Euronext Session', 'List', 'Winners', 'Losers', 'Friday', 'MeHhYpFYwV', 'ERYTECH PHARMA', 'ATLANTIC SAPPHIRE', 'Euronext Session', 'List', 'Winners', 'Losers', 'Friday', 'MeHhYpFYwV']",2023-03-17,2023-03-19,Unknown
20766,EuroNext,Twitter API,Twitter,FSMA Announces Suspension of Trading in Candela Invest Financial Instruments on Euronext BrusselsFull news:… https://t.co/R8EvNGKMrT,nan,FSMA Announces Suspension of Trading in Candela Invest Financial Instruments on Euronext BrusselsFull news:… https://t.co/R8EvNGKMrT,neutral,0.1,0.88,0.02,neutral,0.1,0.88,0.02,True,English,"['Candela Invest Financial Instruments', 'Euronext Brussels', 'Full news', 'FSMA', 'Suspension', 'Trading', 'R8EvNGKMrT', 'Candela Invest Financial Instruments', 'Euronext Brussels', 'Full news', 'FSMA', 'Suspension', 'Trading', 'R8EvNGKMrT']",2023-03-17,2023-03-19,Unknown
20821,EuroNext,Twitter API,Twitter,@ValueStockGeek what about the exchanges? $ICE  $NDAQ  $CME  $CBOE  $ENX (Euronext)  $DB1 (Deutsche)  $LSEG  ...?… https://t.co/2OIWC3N2I5,nan,@ValueStockGeek what about the exchanges? $ICE  $NDAQ  $CME  $CBOE  $ENX (Euronext)  $DB1 (Deutsche)  $LSEG  ...?… https://t.co/2OIWC3N2I5,neutral,0.04,0.96,0.01,neutral,0.04,0.96,0.01,True,English,"['exchanges', 'NDAQ', 'Euronext', 'Deutsche', 'OIWC3N2I5', 'exchanges', 'NDAQ', 'Euronext', 'Deutsche', 'OIWC3N2I5']",2023-03-18,2023-03-19,Unknown
20822,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/bimekizumab-phase-3-data-hidradenitis-181000556.html,Bimekizumab Phase 3 Data in Hidradenitis Suppurativa Show Clinically Meaningful  Deep and Maintained Response over 48 Weeks,UCB  a global biopharmaceutical company  today announced detailed positive results from two Phase 3 studies (BE HEARD I and BE HEARD II) evaluating the...,"Patients treated with investigational bimekizumab  an IL-17A and IL-17F inhibitor  achieved statistically significant and clinically meaningful improvements over placebo in signs and symptoms of hidradenitis suppurativa at week 16  as measured by HiSCR50Bimekizumab demonstrated deep levels of clinical response over placebo at week 16  as measured by HiSCR75  a key secondary endpointPatients treated with bimekizumab experienced improved health-related quality of life over placebo at week 16  a key secondary endpointClinical responses were maintained with continuous bimekizumab treatment – over 75 percent of patients achieved HiSCR50  and over 55 percent achieved HiSCR75  at week 48±BRUSSELS and ATLANTA  March 18  2023 /PRNewswire/ -- UCB  a global biopharmaceutical company  today announced detailed positive results from two Phase 3 studies (BE HEARD I and BE HEARD II) evaluating the efficacy and safety of bimekizumab in the treatment of adults with moderate to severe hidradenitis suppurativa (HS).1 Data from the two studies showed that bimekizumab achieved statistically significant and consistent clinically meaningful improvements over placebo in the signs and symptoms of HS at week 16  which were maintained to week 48.1 ± Clinical responses with bimekizumab were observed from the first dose with some patients achieving HiSCR50 at week four.1 These new data were presented today at a late-breaking platform presentation at the 2023 American Academy of Dermatology (AAD) Annual Meeting in New Orleans  March 17-22.""Hidradenitis suppurativa is a chronic  debilitating inflammatory skin disease for which only one approved treatment is available today "" said Lead Investigator  Alexa B. Kimball  MD  MPH  Beth Israel Deaconess Medical Center and Professor of Dermatology  Harvard Medical School  Boston. ""Treating moderate to severe cases with bimekizumab has shown promising results in Phase 3 patient trials  with sustained improvement after one year.""Story continuesIn the U.S.  the efficacy and safety of bimekizumab have not been established for any indication  and it is not approved by the U.S. Food and Drug Administration.The two studies (n=505 in BE HEARD I; n=509 in BE HEARD II) evaluated two dose regimens of bimekizumab (320 mg every two weeks [Q2W] and 320 mg every four weeks[Q4W]) versus placebo over the 16-week initial and the 32-week maintenance treatment periods.1 Data presented at AAD 2023 show that:A significantly higher proportion of patients treated with bimekizumab (Q2W) achieved HiSCR50  the primary endpoint  at week 16 vs. placebo in BE HEARD I and BE HEARD II (47.8 percent vs. 28.7 percent [p=0.006] and 52.0 percent vs. 32.2 percent [p=0.003]  respectively).1A greater proportion of patients treated with bimekizumab (Q4W) achieved HiSCR50 at week 16 than placebo in BE HEARD I and BE HEARD II  with statistical significance achieved in BE HEARD II (45.3 percent vs. 28.7 percent [p=0.030] and 53.8 percent vs. 32.2 percent [p=0.004]  respectively).1Patients treated with bimekizumab achieved deep levels of clinical response with a greater proportion achieving HiSCR75  a key secondary endpoint  at week 16 than placebo  with statistical significance in BE HEARD II with both dose regimens and for Q2W in BE HEARD I.1Patients treated with bimekizumab experienced improved health-related quality of life (change from baseline in the dermatology life quality index) compared with placebo at week 16 (BE HEARD I and BE HEARD II  Q2W and Q4W).1Clinical responses (HiSCR50 and HiSCR75) were maintained with continuous bimekizumab treatment – over 75 percent of patients achieved HiSCR50  and over 55 percent achieved HiSCR75 at week 48 (observed case analysis; BE HEARD I and BE HEARD II  Q2W and Q4W).1""Today  at the largest dermatology meeting of the year  we unveiled 48-week data from our Phase 3 bimekizumab program in hidradenitis suppurativa. Results from the Phase 3 program highlight the meaningful clinical outcomes achieved by targeting IL-17F in addition to IL-17A "" said Emmanuel Caeymaex  Executive Vice President  Immunology Solutions and Head of U.S.  UCB. ""We are now focused on the next steps with global regulatory filings for bimekizumab in hidradenitis suppurativa planned for later this year.""The safety profile of bimekizumab across BE HEARD I and BE HEARD II was consistent with previous studies with no new safety signals observed.1 The most common (frequency of >5 percent) treatment emergent adverse events on bimekizumab over 16 weeks were hidradenitis (7.2 percent in BE HEARD I and 8.8 percent in BE HEARD II)  oral candidiasis (4.4 percent in BE HEARD I and 6.7 percent in BE HEARD II)  headache (7.0 percent in BEHEARD I and 5.8 in BE HEARD II)  and diarrhea (7.0 percent in BE HEARD I and 5.3 percent in BE HEARD II).1UCB expects to submit global regulatory applications for bimekizumab in moderate to severe HS starting in Q3 2023.Notes to editors:± Observed case analysis.About BE HEARD I and BE HEARD IIBE HEARD I is a randomized  double-blind  placebo-controlled  parallel group  multicenter  Phase 3 study designed to evaluate the efficacy and safety of bimekizumab in adults with moderate to severe hidradenitis suppurativa (HS). BE HEARD I enrolled 505 participants with a diagnosis of moderate to severe HS. 1BE HEARD II is a randomized  double-blind  placebo-controlled  parallel group  multicenter  Phase 3 study designed to evaluate the efficacy and safety of bimekizumab in adults with moderate to severe HS. BE HEARD II enrolled 509 participants with a diagnosis of moderate to severe HS.1BE HEARD I and II comprised double-blind 16-week initial and 32-week maintenance treatment periods. Participants with moderate to severe HS were randomized 2:2:2:1 to (initial/maintenance) bimekizumab 320mg every 2 weeks (Q2W)/Q2W  bimekizumab Q2W/Q4W  bimekizumab Q4W/Q4W  placebo/bimekizumab Q2W. Until week 16  bimekizumab Q2W/Q2W and bimekizumab Q2W/Q4W were combined to bimekizumab Q2W.1The primary endpoint in both studies was HiSCR50 at week 16.1 A key secondary endpoint was HiSCR75 at week 16.1 HiSCR50 and HiSCR75 are defined as at least either a 50 or 75 percent reduction from baseline in the total abscess and inflammatory nodule count  with no increase from baseline in abscess or draining tunnel count.2 3For additional details on the studies  visit BE HEARD I and BE HEARD II on clinicaltrials.gov.2 3About Hidradenitis SuppurativaHidradenitis suppurativa (HS) is a chronic  recurring  painful  and debilitating inflammatory skin disease.4 5 The main symptoms are nodules  abscesses  and pus-discharging fistulas (channels leading out of the skin) which typically occur in the armpits  groin  and buttocks.4 5 People with HS experience flare-ups of the disease as well as severe pain  which can have a major impact on quality of life.4 5HS develops in early adulthood and affects approximately one percent of the population in most studied countries.4 5 Approximately one third of people with HS have a family history of HS  and lifestyle factors such as smoking and obesity can also play a crucial role in the clinical course of HS.6The symptoms of pain  discharge  and scarring are not only a physical burden. People with HS also experience stigma: worrying about or directly experiencing negative attitudes and reactions from society in response to their symptoms.7 These feelings can lead to embarrassment  social isolation  low self-esteem  and sexual life impairment  and impact all areas of life  including interpersonal relationships  education  and work. 4 6About bimekizumabBimekizumab is a humanized monoclonal IgG1 antibody that is designed to selectively inhibit both interleukin 17A (IL-17A) and interleukin 17F (IL-17F)  two key cytokines driving inflammatory processes.8 In August 2021  bimekizumab was first approved in the European Union (EU)/European Economic Area (EEA) and in Great Britain for the treatment of moderate to severe plaque psoriasis in adults who are candidates for systemic therapy.9 10 The label information may differ in other countries where approved. Please check local prescribing information. In the U.S.  the efficacy and safety of bimekizumab have not been established for any indication  and it is not approved by the U.S. Food and Drug Administration (FDA).For further information  contact UCB:Investor RelationsAntje WitteT +32.2.559.94.14Email antje.witte@ucb.comU.S. Communications  ImmunologyNicole HergaT +1.773.960.5349Email nicole.herga@ucb.comAbout UCBUCB  Brussels  Belgium (www.ucb.com)  is a global biopharmaceutical company focused on the discovery and development of innovative medicines and solutions to transform the lives of people living with severe diseases of the immune system or of the central nervous system. With approximately 8 600 people in approximately 40 countries  the company generated revenue of €5.5 billion in 2022. UCB is listed on Euronext Brussels (symbol: UCB). Follow us on Twitter: @UCBUSA.Forward looking statementsThis press release may contain forward-looking statements including  without limitation  statements containing the words ""believes""  ""anticipates""  ""expects""  ""intends""  ""plans""  ""seeks""  ""estimates""  ""may""  ""will""  ""continue"" and similar expressions. These forward- looking statements are based on current plans  estimates and beliefs of management. All statements  other than statements of historical facts  are statements that could be deemed forward-looking statements  including estimates of revenues  operating margins  capital expenditures  cash  other financial information  expected legal  arbitration  political  regulatory or clinical results or practices and other such estimates and results. By their nature  such forward-looking statements are not guarantees of future performance and are subject to known and unknown risks  uncertainties and assumptions which might cause the actual results  financial condition  performance or achievements of UCB  or industry results  to differ materially from those that may be expressed or implied by such forward-looking statements contained in this press release. Important factors that could result in such differences include: the global spread and impact of COVID-19  changes in general economic  business and competitive conditions  the inability to obtain necessary regulatory approvals or to obtain them on acceptable terms or within expected timing  costs associated with research and development  changes in the prospects for products in the pipeline or under development by UCB  effects of future judicial decisions or governmental investigations  safety  quality  data integrity or manufacturing issues; potential or actual data security and data privacy breaches  or disruptions of our information technology systems  product liability claims  challenges to patent protection for products or product candidates  competition from other products including biosimilars  changes in laws or regulations  exchange rate fluctuations  changes or uncertainties in tax laws or the administration of such laws  and hiring and retention of its employees. There is no guarantee that new product candidates will be discovered or identified in the pipeline  will progress to product approval or that new indications for existing products will be developed and approved. Movement from concept to commercial product is uncertain; preclinical results do not guarantee safety and efficacy of product candidates in humans. So far  the complexity of the human body cannot be reproduced in computer models  cell culture systems or animal models. The length of the timing to complete clinical trials and to get regulatory approval for product marketing has varied in the past and UCB expects similar unpredictability going forward. Products or potential products  which are the subject of partnerships  joint ventures or licensing collaborations may be subject to differences disputes between the partners or may prove to be not as safe  effective or commercially successful as UCB may have believed at the start of such partnership. UCB's efforts to acquire other products or companies and to integrate the operations of such acquired companies may not be as successful as UCB may have believed at the moment of acquisition. Also  UCB or others could discover safety  side effects or manufacturing problems with its products and/or devices after they are marketed. The discovery of significant problems with a product similar to one of UCB's products that implicate an entire class of products may have a material adverse effect on sales of the entire class of affected products. Moreover  sales may be impacted by international and domestic trends toward managed care and health care cost containment  including pricing pressure  political and public scrutiny  customer and prescriber patterns or practices  and the reimbursement policies imposed by third-party payers as well as legislation affecting biopharmaceutical pricing and reimbursement activities and outcomes. Finally  a breakdown  cyberattack or information security breach could compromise the confidentiality  integrity and availability of UCB's data and systems.Given these uncertainties  you should not place undue reliance on any of such forward-looking statements. There can be no guarantee that the investigational or approved products described in this press release will be submitted or approved for sale or for any additional indications or labelling in any market  or at any particular time  nor can there be any guarantee that such products will be or will continue to be commercially successful in the future.UCB is providing this information  including forward-looking statements  only as of the date of this press release and it does not reflect any potential impact from the evolving COVID-19 pandemic  unless indicated otherwise. UCB is following the worldwide developments diligently to assess the financial significance of this pandemic to UCB. UCB expressly disclaims any duty to update any information contained in this press release  either to confirm the actual results or to report or reflect any change in its forward-looking statements with regard thereto or any change in events  conditions or circumstances on which any such statement is based  unless such statement is required pursuant to applicable laws and regulations.Additionally  information contained in this document shall not constitute an offer to sell or the solicitation of an offer to buy any securities  nor shall there be any offer  solicitation or sale of securities in any jurisdiction in which such offer  solicit ation or sale would be unlawful prior to the registration or qualification under the securities laws of such jurisdiction.ReferencesKimball AB  Zouboulis CC  Sayed C  et al. Bimekizumab in patients with moderate-to-severe hidradenitis suppurativa: 48-week efficacy and safety from BE HEARD I & II  two phase 3  randomized  double-blind  placebo controlled  multicenter studies. Late- Breaking Platform Presentation at the 2023 American Academy of Dermatology Annual Meeting. ClinicalTrials.gov. A Study to Evaluate the Efficacy and Safety of Bimekizumab in Study Participants With Moderate to Severe Hidradenitis Suppurativa (BE HEARD I). Available at: https://clinicaltrials.gov/ct2/showithNCT042424461 . Last accessed: March 2023 ClinicalTrials.gov. A Study to Evaluate the Efficacy and Safety of Bimekizumab in Study Participants With Moderate to Severe Hidradenitis Suppurativa (BE HEARD II). Available at: https://clinicaltrials.gov/ct2/showithNCT04242498 Last accessed: March 2023 Jemec GBE. Clinical practice. Hidradenitis suppurativa. N Engl J Med. 2012;366(2):158-164. Sabat R  Jemec GBE  Matusiak L  et al. Hidradenitis suppurativa. Nat Rev Dis Primers. 2020;6:18. Kokolakis G  Wolk K  Schneider-Burrus S  et al. Delayed Diagnosis of Hidradenitis Suppurativa and Its Effect on Patients and Healthcare System. Dermatology. 2020;236:421–430. Koumaki D  Ourania E  Bozi E  et al. Perspectives On Perceived Stigma And Self-Stigma In Patients With Hidradenitis Suppurativa. Clin Cosmet Investig Dermatol. 2019;12:785–790. Glatt S  Helmer E  Haier B  et al. First-in-human randomized study of bimekizumab  a humanized monoclonal antibody and selective dual inhibitor of IL-17A and IL-17F  in mild psoriasis. Br J Clin Pharmacol. 2017;83(5):991-1001. BIMZELX® (bimekizumab) EU Summary of Product Characteristics  December 2022. Available at: https://www.ema.europa.eu/en/documents/product-information/bimzelx-epar-product-information_en.pdf. Last Accessed: March 2023. BIMZELX® (bimekizumab) GB Summary of Product Characteristics. Available at https://www.medicines.org.uk/emc/product/12834/smpc#gref. Last accessed: March 2023.CisionView original content to download multimedia:https://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/bimekizumab-phase-3-data-in-hidradenitis-suppurativa-show-clinically-meaningful-deep-and-maintained-response-over-48-weeks-301775572.htmlSOURCE UCB",neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,mixed,0.31,0.27,0.42,True,English,"['Bimekizumab Phase 3 Data', 'Hidradenitis Suppurativa Show', 'Maintained Response', 'Deep', '48 Weeks', 'chronic, debilitating inflammatory skin disease', 'randomized, double-blind, placebo-controlled, parallel group', '>5 percent) treatment emergent adverse events', 'Israel Deaconess Medical Center', '32-week maintenance treatment periods', 'moderate to severe hidradenitis suppurativa', 'dermatology life quality index', 'Harvard Medical School', 'global biopharmaceutical company', 'late-breaking platform presentation', 'Alexa B. Kimball', 'Executive Vice President', 'global regulatory filings', 'global regulatory applications', 'key secondary endpoint', 'Phase 3 patient trials', 'largest dermatology meeting', 'clinically meaningful improvements', 'detailed positive results', 'AAD) Annual Meeting', 'BE HEARD II', 'meaningful clinical outcomes', 'U.S. Food', 'two Phase 3 studies', 'two dose regimens', 'continuous bimekizumab treatment', 'new safety signals', 'Phase 3 bimekizumab program', 'Phase 3 program', 'severe cases', 'two studies', 'primary endpoint', 'health-related quality', 'first dose', 'New Orleans', 'severe HS', 'previous studies', 'clinical response', 'deep levels', '2023 American Academy', 'Lead Investigator', 'promising results', 'sustained improvement', 'Drug Administration', '16-week initial', 'higher proportion', 'greater proportion', 'statistical significance', 'case analysis', 'Emmanuel Caeymaex', 'Immunology Solutions', 'next steps', 'oral candidiasis', 'new data', 'safety profile', 'IL-17F inhibitor', '48-week data', 'investigational bimekizumab', 'one year', '75 percent', '55 percent', '47.8 percent', '28.7 percent', '52.0 percent', '32.2 percent', '45.3 percent', '53.8 percent', '8.8 percent', '6.7 percent', 'Patients', 'IL-17A', 'significant', 'signs', 'symptoms', 'HiSCR50', 'HiSCR75', 'BRUSSELS', 'ATLANTA', 'PRNewswire', 'UCB', 'efficacy', 'adults', 'MD', 'MPH', 'Beth', 'Professor', 'Boston', 'Story', 'indication', '320 mg', 'Q2W', 'Q4W', 'change', 'baseline', 'addition', 'Head', 'frequency', '16 weeks', 'diarrhea', 'Q3', 'Notes', 'editors', 'multicente', '±']",2023-03-18,2023-03-19,finance.yahoo.com
20823,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/dupixent-dupilumab-breaking-data-aad-140000216.html,Dupixent® (dupilumab) Late-Breaking Data at AAD Show Significant Improvements in Signs and Symptoms of Moderate-to-severe Atopic Hand and Foot Dermatitis,More than twice as many patients on Dupixent achieved clear or almost clear skin compared to placebo at 16 weeks Nearly four times as many patients on...,Regeneron Pharmaceuticals  Inc.More than twice as many patients on Dupixent achieved clear or almost clear skin compared to placebo at 16 weeksNearly four times as many patients on Dupixent saw a clinically meaningful reduction of itch  with improvements seen as early as one weekTARRYTOWN  N.Y. and PARIS  March 18  2023 (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) -- Regeneron Pharmaceuticals  Inc. (NASDAQ: REGN) and Sanofi today presented positive results from the clinical trial assessing Dupixent® (dupilumab) in adults and adolescents with uncontrolled moderate-to-severe atopic hand and foot dermatitis. The trial  the first evaluating a biologic for this difficult-to-treat population  met its primary and key secondary endpoints. The results were featured in a late-breaking session  one of more than 20 Dupixent scientific presentations  at the American Academy of Dermatology (AAD) 2023 Annual Meeting.“Atopic hand and foot dermatitis can extensively disrupt the lives of patients  given the intense itch and painful skin lesions it causes on essential body areas ” said Eric L. Simpson  M.D.  Frances J. Storrs Professor of Medical Dermatology at the Oregon Health and Science University and principal investigator of this trial. “In this trial  Dupixent significantly improved disease signs  symptoms and quality of life measures for this particularly difficult-to-treat subset of atopic dermatitis patients  with itch improvement seen as early as one week after the first dose. While the efficacy and safety profile of Dupixent is well-established for atopic dermatitis more broadly  these positive results are the first demonstrating the impact on specific and heavily used areas of the body.”In the trial  patients received Dupixent (n=67) every two weeks (adults 300 mg  adolescents 200 mg or 300 mg based on body weight) or placebo (n=66). At 16 weeks  patients treated with Dupixent experienced the following:40% achieved clear or almost clear skin on hands and feet compared to 17% with placebo (p≤0.01)  the primary endpoint.52% saw a clinically meaningful reduction in itch on hands and feet compared to 14% with placebo (p<0.0001)  the key secondary endpoint.69% average reduction in signs of hand and foot lesions from baseline compared to 31% with placebo (p<0.0001).75% average improvement in hand eczema disease severity from baseline compared to 40% with placebo (p<0.0001).There were significant improvements in measures of hand and foot skin pain  sleep  and hand eczema-related quality of life.Story continuesThe trial demonstrated similar safety results to the known safety profile of Dupixent in atopic dermatitis. Overall rates of adverse events (AEs) were 66% for Dupixent and 74% for placebo. AEs more commonly observed with Dupixent (≥5%) compared to placebo included nasopharyngitis (16% Dupixent  11% placebo)  upper respiratory tract infection (9% Dupixent  5% placebo)  conjunctivitis (6% Dupixent  2% placebo)  herpes viral infections (6% Dupixent  3% placebo) and increased blood creatine phosphokinase (6% Dupixent  0% placebo). Additionally  3% of patients taking Dupixent used at least one rescue medication compared to 21% of patients on placebo.There are 23 Dupixent scientific abstracts being presented across three dermatological diseases with underlying type 2 inflammation at the AAD 2023 Annual Meeting. These include oral presentations on long-term Dupixent use in children as young as 6 months with atopic dermatitis; the impact of Dupixent treatment on health-related quality of life  skin pain and sleep in prurigo nodularis; and the investigational use of Dupixent on signs  symptoms and health-related quality of life in chronic spontaneous urticaria.The potential use of Dupixent in chronic spontaneous urticaria is currently under clinical development  and the safety and efficacy have not been fully evaluated by any regulatory authority.About the Dupixent TrialThe Phase 3 double-blind  placebo-controlled trial evaluated the efficacy and safety of Dupixent in 133 adolescents and adults with moderate-to-severe atopic hand and foot dermatitis who had an inadequate response or intolerance to topical corticosteroids. Patients with hand and foot disease predominantly driven by allergic or irritant contact dermatitis were excluded from the trial.The primary endpoint evaluated the proportion of patients with clear or almost clear skin of hand and feet eczema at 16 weeks (measured by a score of 0 or 1 on the Investigator Global Assessment Scale). The key secondary endpoint measured the proportion of patients with improvement in itch on hands and feet from baseline (measured by a ≥4-point reduction in Peak-Pruritis Numeric Rating Scale [PP-NRS] on a 0-10 scale) at 16 weeks. Lesion sign reduction was assessed by change from baseline in Modified Total Lesion Sign Score (mTLSS; measured by a 0-36 scale)  and disease severity was assessed by the change from baseline in Hand Eczema Severity Index (HECSI) score (measured by a 0-360 scale). Symptoms were assessed every one or two weeks during the trial.Additional secondary endpoints included:Skin pain reduction as assessed by the change from baseline in weekly average of daily hand and foot peak pain NRS (measured by a 0-10 scale).Sleep improvement as assessed by change from baseline in weekly average of daily Sleep NRS (measured by a 0-10 scale).Health-related quality of life  assessed by change from baseline in the Quality of Life in Hand Eczema Questionnaire (QoLHEQ) (measured by a 0-117 scale).About DupixentDupixent  which was invented using Regeneron’s proprietary VelocImmune® technology  is a fully human monoclonal antibody that inhibits the signaling of the interleukin-4 (IL-4) and interleukin-13 (IL-13) pathways and is not an immunosuppressant. The Dupixent development program has shown significant clinical benefit and a decrease in type 2 inflammation in Phase 3 trials  establishing that IL-4 and IL-13 are key and central drivers of the type 2 inflammation that plays a major role in multiple related and often co-morbid diseases. These diseases include approved indications for Dupixent such as atopic dermatitis  asthma  chronic rhinosinusitis with nasal polyposis (CRSwNP)  eosinophilic esophagitis (EoE) and prurigo nodularis.Dupixent has received regulatory approvals in one or more countries around the world for use in certain patients with atopic dermatitis  asthma  CRSwNP  EoE or prurigo nodularis  in different age populations. Dupixent is currently approved for one or more of these indications in more than 60 countries  including in the U.S.  European Union and Japan. More than 600 000 patients are being treated with Dupixent globally.About Regeneron’s VelocImmune TechnologyRegeneron's VelocImmune technology utilizes a proprietary genetically engineered mouse platform endowed with a genetically humanized immune system to produce optimized fully human antibodies. When Regeneron's co-Founder  President and Chief Scientific Officer George D. Yancopoulos was a graduate student with his mentor Frederick W. Alt in 1985  they were the first to envision making such a genetically humanized mouse  and Regeneron has spent decades inventing and developing VelocImmune and related VelociSuite® technologies. Dr. Yancopoulos and his team have used VelocImmune technology to create a substantial proportion of all original  FDA-approved or authorized fully human monoclonal antibodies. This includes REGEN-COV® (casirivimab and imdevimab)  Dupixent  Libtayo® (cemiplimab-rwlc)  Praluent® (alirocumab)  Kevzara® (sarilumab)  Evkeeza® (evinacumab-dgnb) and Inmazeb® (atoltivimab  maftivimab and odesivimab-ebgn).Dupilumab Development ProgramDupilumab is being jointly developed by Regeneron and Sanofi under a global collaboration agreement. To date  dupilumab has been studied across more than 60 clinical trials involving more than 10 000 patients with various chronic diseases driven in part by type 2 inflammation.In addition to the currently approved indications  Regeneron and Sanofi are studying dupilumab in a broad range of diseases driven by type 2 inflammation or other allergic processes in Phase 3 trials  including pediatric EoE  chronic inducible urticaria-cold  chronic spontaneous urticaria  chronic pruritus of unknown origin  chronic obstructive pulmonary disease with evidence of type 2 inflammation  chronic rhinosinusitis without nasal polyposis  allergic fungal rhinosinusitis  allergic bronchopulmonary aspergillosis and bullous pemphigoid. These potential uses of dupilumab are currently under clinical investigation  and the safety and efficacy in these conditions have not been fully evaluated by any regulatory authority.U.S. INDICATIONSDUPIXENT is a prescription medicine used:to treat adults and children 6 months of age and older with moderate-to-severe eczema (atopic dermatitis or AD) that is not well controlled with prescription therapies used on the skin (topical)  or who cannot use topical therapies. DUPIXENT can be used with or without topical corticosteroids. It is not known if DUPIXENT is safe and effective in children with atopic dermatitis under 6 months of age.with other asthma medicines for the maintenance treatment of moderate-to-severe eosinophilic or oral steroid dependent asthma in adults and children 6 years of age and older whose asthma is not controlled with their current asthma medicines. DUPIXENT helps prevent severe asthma attacks (exacerbations) and can improve your breathing. DUPIXENT may also help reduce the amount of oral corticosteroids you need while preventing severe asthma attacks and improving your breathing. DUPIXENT is not used to treat sudden breathing problems. It is not known if DUPIXENT is safe and effective in children with asthma under 6 years of age.with other medicines for the maintenance treatment of chronic rhinosinusitis with nasal polyposis (CRSwNP) in adults whose disease is not controlled. It is not known if DUPIXENT is safe and effective in children with chronic rhinosinusitis with nasal polyposis under 18 years of age.to treat adults and children 12 years of age and older  who weigh at least 88 pounds (40 kg)  with eosinophilic esophagitis (EoE). It is not known if DUPIXENT is safe and effective in children with eosinophilic esophagitis under 12 years of age and who weigh at least 88 pounds (40 kg).to treat adults with prurigo nodularis (PN). It is not known if DUPIXENT is safe and effective in children with prurigo nodularis under 18 years of age.IMPORTANT SAFETY INFORMATIONDo not use if you are allergic to dupilumab or to any of the ingredients in DUPIXENT®.Before using DUPIXENT  tell your healthcare provider about all your medical conditions  including if you:have eye problems.have a parasitic (helminth) infection.are scheduled to receive any vaccinations. You should not receive a “live vaccine” right before and during treatment with DUPIXENT.are pregnant or plan to become pregnant. It is not known whether DUPIXENT will harm your unborn baby. A pregnancy registry for women who take DUPIXENT during pregnancy collects information about the health of you and your baby. To enroll or get more information call 1-877-311-8972 or go to https://mothertobaby.org/ongoing-study/dupixent/.are breastfeeding or plan to breastfeed. It is not known whether DUPIXENT passes into your breast milk.Tell your healthcare provider about all the medicines you take  including prescription and over-the- counter medicines  vitamins  and herbal supplements.Especially tell your healthcare provider if you are taking oral  topical  or inhaled corticosteroid medicines; have asthma and use an asthma medicine; or have atopic dermatitis  chronic rhinosinusitis with nasal polyposis  eosinophilic esophagitis  or prurigo nodularis and also have asthma. Do not change or stop your corticosteroid medicine or other asthma medicine without talking to your healthcare provider. This may cause other symptoms that were controlled by the corticosteroid medicine or other asthma medicine to come back.DUPIXENT can cause serious side effects  including:All e r g i c r ea c t i on s. DUPIXENT can cause allergic reactions that can sometimes be severe. Stop using DUPIXENT and tell your healthcare provider or get emergency help right away if you get any of the following signs or symptoms: breathing problems or wheezing  swelling of the face  lips  mouth  tongue or throat  fainting  dizziness  feeling lightheaded  fast pulse  fever  hives  joint pain  general ill feeling  itching  skin rash  swollen lymph nodes  nausea or vomiting  or cramps in your stomach-area.E y e pr ob l e m s. Tell your healthcare provider if you have any new or worsening eye problems  including eye pain or changes in vision  such as blurred vision. Your healthcare provider may send you to an ophthalmologist for an exam if needed.I n fl a mm a t i o n o f y ou r b l oo d v e ss e l s. Rarely  this can happen in people with asthma who receive DUPIXENT. This may happen in people who also take a steroid medicine by mouth that is being stopped or the dose is being lowered. It is not known whether this is caused by DUPIXENT. Tell your healthcare provider right away if you have: rash  chest pain  worsening shortness of breath  a feeling of pins and needles or numbness of your arms or legs  or persistent fever.Joint aches and pain. Some people who use DUPIXENT have had trouble walking or moving due to their joint symptoms  and in some cases needed to be hospitalized. Tell your healthcare provider about any new or worsening joint symptoms. Your healthcare provider may stop DUPIXENT if you develop joint symptoms.The most common side effects include:Eczema: injection site reactions  eye and eyelid inflammation  including redness  swelling  and itching  sometimes with blurred vision  cold sores in your mouth or on your lips  and high count of a certain white blood cell (eosinophilia).A s t h ma: injection site reactions  high count of a certain white blood cell (eosinophilia)  pain in the throat (oropharyngeal pain)  and parasitic (helminth) infections.C h r on i c R h i no s i nu s i t i s w i th N a s a l P o ly po s i s: injection site reactions  eye and eyelid inflammation  including redness  swelling  and itching  sometimes with blurred vision  high count of a certain white blood cell (eosinophilia)  gastritis  joint pain (arthralgia)  trouble sleeping (insomnia)  and toothache.Eosinophilic Esophagitis: injection site reactions  upper respiratory tract infections  cold sores in your mouth or on your lips  and joint pain (arthralgia).Prurigo Nodularis: eye and eyelid inflammation  including redness  swelling  and itching  sometimes with blurred vision  herpes virus infections  common cold symptoms (nasopharyngitis)  dizziness  muscle pain  and diarrhea.Tell your healthcare provider if you have any side effect that bothers you or that does not go away. These are not all the possible side effects of DUPIXENT. Call your doctor for medical advice about side effects. You are encouraged to report negative side effects of prescription drugs to the FDA. Visit http://www.fda.gov/medwatch  or call 1-800-FDA-1088.Use DUPIXENT exactly as prescribed by your healthcare provider. It’s an injection given under the skin (subcutaneous injection). Your healthcare provider will decide if you or your caregiver can inject DUPIXENT. Do not try to prepare and inject DUPIXENT until you or your caregiver have been trained by your healthcare provider. In children 12 years of age and older  it’s recommended DUPIXENT be administered by or under supervision of an adult. In children 6 months to less than 12 years of age  DUPIXENT should be given by a caregiver.Please see accompanying full Prescribing Information including Patient Information.About RegeneronRegeneron (NASDAQ: REGN) is a leading biotechnology company that invents  develops and commercializes life-transforming medicines for people with serious diseases. Founded and led for 35 years by physician-scientists  our unique ability to repeatedly and consistently translate science into medicine has led to nine FDA-approved treatments and numerous product candidates in development  almost all of which were homegrown in our laboratories. Our medicines and pipeline are designed to help patients with eye diseases  allergic and inflammatory diseases  cancer  cardiovascular and metabolic diseases  pain  hematologic conditions  infectious diseases and rare diseases.Regeneron is accelerating and improving the traditional drug development process through our proprietary VelociSuite® technologies  such as VelocImmune®  which uses unique genetically humanized mice to produce optimized fully human antibodies and bispecific antibodies  and through ambitious research initiatives such as the Regeneron Genetics Center  which is conducting one of the largest genetics sequencing efforts in the world.For more information  please visit www.Regeneron.com or follow @Regeneron on Twitter.About SanofiWe are an innovative global healthcare company  driven by one purpose: we chase the miracles of science to improve people’s lives. Our team  across some 100 countries  is dedicated to transforming the practice of medicine by working to turn the impossible into the possible. We provide potentially life-changing treatment options and life-saving vaccine protection to millions of people globally  while putting sustainability and social responsibility at the center of our ambitions.Sanofi is listed on EURONEXT: SAN and NASDAQ: SNY.Regeneron Forward-Looking Statements and Use of Digital MediaThis press release includes forward-looking statements that involve risks and uncertainties relating to future events and the future performance of Regeneron Pharmaceuticals  Inc. (“Regeneron” or the “Company”)  and actual events or results may differ materially from these forward-looking statements. Words such as “anticipate ” “expect ” “intend ” “plan ” “believe ” “seek ” “estimate ” variations of such words  and similar expressions are intended to identify such forward-looking statements  although not all forward-looking statements contain these identifying words. These statements concern  and these risks and uncertainties include  among others  the impact of SARS-CoV-2 (the virus that has caused the COVID-19 pandemic) on Regeneron’s business and its employees  collaborators  and suppliers and other third parties on which Regeneron relies  Regeneron’s and its collaborators’ ability to continue to conduct research and clinical programs  Regeneron’s ability to manage its supply chain  net product sales of products marketed or otherwise commercialized by Regeneron and/or its collaborators or licensees (collectively  “Regeneron’s Products”)  and the global economy; the nature  timing  and possible success and therapeutic applications of Regeneron’s Products and product candidates being developed by Regeneron and/or its collaborators or licensees (collectively  “Regeneron’s Product Candidates”) and research and clinical programs now underway or planned  including without limitation Dupixent; the likelihood  timing  and scope of possible regulatory approval and commercial launch of Regeneron’s Product Candidates and new indications for Regeneron’s Products  such as Dupixent for the treatment atopic hand and foot dermatitis as discussed in this press release as well as for the treatment of pediatric eosinophilic esophagitis  chronic inducible urticaria-cold  chronic spontaneous urticaria  chronic pruritus of unknown origin  chronic obstructive pulmonary disease with evidence of type 2 inflammation  chronic rhinosinusitis without nasal polyposis  allergic fungal rhinosinusitis  allergic bronchopulmonary aspergillosis  bullous pemphigoid  and other potential indications; uncertainty of the utilization  market acceptance  and commercial success of Regeneron’s Products and Regeneron’s Product Candidates and the impact of studies (whether conducted by Regeneron or others and whether mandated or voluntary)  including the studies discussed or referenced in this press release  on any of the foregoing or any potential regulatory approval of Regeneron’s Products (such as Dupixent) and Regeneron’s Product Candidates; the ability of Regeneron’s collaborators  licensees  suppliers  or other third parties (as applicable) to perform manufacturing  filling  finishing  packaging  labeling  distribution  and other steps related to Regeneron’s Products and Regeneron’s Product Candidates; the ability of Regeneron to manage supply chains for multiple products and product candidates; safety issues resulting from the administration of Regeneron’s Products (such as Dupixent) and Regeneron’s Product Candidates in patients  including serious complications or side effects in connection with the use of Regeneron’s Products and Regeneron’s Product Candidates in clinical trials; determinations by regulatory and administrative governmental authorities which may delay or restrict Regeneron’s ability to continue to develop or commercialize Regeneron’s Products and Regeneron’s Product Candidates  including without limitation Dupixent; ongoing regulatory obligations and oversight impacting Regeneron’s Products  research and clinical programs  and business  including those relating to patient privacy; the availability and extent of reimbursement of Regeneron’s Products from third-party payers  including private payer healthcare and insurance programs  health maintenance organizations  pharmacy benefit management companies  and government programs such as Medicare and Medicaid; coverage and reimbursement determinations by such payers and new policies and procedures adopted by such payers; competing drugs and product candidates that may be superior to  or more cost effective than  Regeneron’s Products and Regeneron’s Product Candidates; the extent to which the results from the research and development programs conducted by Regeneron and/or its collaborators or licensees may be replicated in other studies and/or lead to advancement of product candidates to clinical trials  therapeutic applications  or regulatory approval; unanticipated expenses; the costs of developing  producing  and selling products; the ability of Regeneron to meet any of its financial projections or guidance and changes to the assumptions underlying those projections or guidance; the potential for any license  collaboration  or supply agreement  including Regeneron’s agreements with Sanofi and Bayer (or their respective affiliated companies  as applicable) to be cancelled or terminated; and risks associated with intellectual property of other parties and pending or future litigation relating thereto (including without limitation the patent litigation and other related proceedings relating to EYLEA® (aflibercept) Injection  Praluent® (alirocumab)  and REGEN-COV® (casirivimab and imdevimab))  other litigation and other proceedings and government investigations relating to the Company and/or its operations  the ultimate outcome of any such proceedings and investigations  and the impact any of the foregoing may have on Regeneron’s business  prospects  operating results  and financial condition. A more complete description of these and other material risks can be found in Regeneron’s filings with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission  including its Form 10-K for the year ended December 31  2022. Any forward-looking statements are made based on management’s current beliefs and judgment  and the reader is cautioned not to rely on any forward-looking statements made by Regeneron. Regeneron does not undertake any obligation to update (publicly or otherwise) any forward-looking statement  including without limitation any financial projection or guidance  whether as a result of new information  future events  or otherwise.Regeneron uses its media and investor relations website and social media outlets to publish important information about the Company  including information that may be deemed material to investors. Financial and other information about Regeneron is routinely posted and is accessible on Regeneron’s media and investor relations website (http://newsroom.regeneron.com) and its Twitter feed (http://twitter.com/regeneron).Sanofi Disclaimers or Forward-Looking StatementsThis press release contains forward-looking statements as defined in the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995  as amended. Forward-looking statements are statements that are not historical facts. These statements include projections and estimates regarding the marketing and other potential of the product  or regarding potential future revenues from the product. Forward-looking statements are generally identified by the words “expects”  “anticipates”  “believes”  “intends”  “estimates”  “plans” and similar expressions. Although Sanofi’s management believes that the expectations reflected in such forward-looking statements are reasonable  investors are cautioned that forward-looking information and statements are subject to various risks and uncertainties  many of which are difficult to predict and generally beyond the control of Sanofi  that could cause actual results and developments to differ materially from those expressed in  or implied or projected by  the forward-looking information and statements. These risks and uncertainties include among other things  unexpected regulatory actions or delays  or government regulation generally  that could affect the availability or commercial potential of the product  the fact that product may not be commercially successful  the uncertainties inherent in research and development  including future clinical data and analysis of existing clinical data relating to the product  including post marketing  unexpected safety  quality or manufacturing issues  competition in general  risks associated with intellectual property and any related future litigation and the ultimate outcome of such litigation  and volatile economic and market conditions  and the impact that COVID-19 will have on us  our customers  suppliers  vendors  and other business partners  and the financial condition of any one of them  as well as on our employees and on the global economy as a whole. The risks and uncertainties also include the uncertainties discussed or identified in the public filings with the SEC and the AMF made by Sanofi  including those listed under “Risk Factors” and “Cautionary Statement Regarding Forward-Looking Statements” in Sanofi’s annual report on Form 20-F for the year ended December 31  2022. Other than as required by applicable law  Sanofi does not undertake any obligation to update or revise any forward-looking information or statements.Regeneron Contacts:Media RelationsHannah KwaghTel: +1 914-847-6314Hannah.Kwagh@regeneron.comInvestor RelationsVesna TosicTel: +1 914-847-5443Vesna.Tosic@regeneron.comSanofi Contacts:Media RelationsSally BainTel: +1 617-834-6026Sally.Bain@sanofi.comInvestor RelationsEva Schaefer-JansenTel: +33 7 86 80 56 39eva.schaefer-jansen@sanofi.comArnaud DelepineTel: +33 (0)6 73 69 36 93arnaud.delepine@sanofi.comCorentine DriancourtTel: +33 (0)6 40 56 92 21corentine.driancourt@sanofi.comFelix LauscherTel: +1 908-612-7239felix.lauscher@sanofi.comTarik ElgoutniTel: +1 617-710-3587Tarik.Elgoutni@sanofi.comNathalie PhamTel: +33 (0)7 85 93 30 17nathalie.pham@sanofi.com,neutral,0.0,0.97,0.03,mixed,0.21,0.21,0.57,True,English,"['severe Atopic Hand', 'Late-Breaking Data', 'AAD Show', 'Significant Improvements', 'Foot Dermatitis', 'Dupixent®', 'dupilumab', 'Signs', 'Symptoms', 'Moderate', 'Modified Total Lesion Sign Score', 'Frances J. Storrs Professor', 'upper respiratory tract infection', 'Peak-Pruritis Numeric Rating Scale', 'Investigator Global Assessment Scale', 'Phase 3 double-blind, placebo-controlled trial', 'Hand Eczema Severity Index', 'uncontrolled moderate-to-severe atopic hand', 'hand eczema disease severity', 'Lesion sign reduction', 'key secondary endpoints', 'AAD) 2023 Annual Meeting', 'Eric L. Simpson', 'herpes viral infections', 'blood creatine phosphokinase', 'three dermatological diseases', 'underlying type 2 inflammation', 'AAD 2023 Annual Meeting', 'chronic spontaneous urticaria', 'Additional secondary endpoints', 'one rescue medication', 'irritant contact dermatitis', 'painful skin lesions', '23 Dupixent scientific abstracts', 'hand eczema-related quality', 'essential body areas', 'foot skin pain', '20 Dupixent scientific presentations', 'similar safety results', 'long-term Dupixent use', 'atopic dermatitis patients', 'principal investigator', '0-10 scale', '0-36 scale', '0-360 scale', 'foot lesions', 'foot disease', 'HECSI) score', 'feet eczema', 'one week', 'oral presentations', 'foot dermatitis', 'investigational use', 'potential use', 'meaningful reduction', '69% average reduction', '≥4-point reduction', 'primary endpoint', 'Regeneron Pharmaceuticals', 'N.Y.', 'GLOBE NEWSWIRE', 'positive results', 'late-breaking session', 'American Academy', 'M.D.', 'Oregon Health', 'Science University', 'first dose', 'body weight', 'Overall rates', 'adverse events', 'health-related quality', 'prurigo nodularis', 'clinical development', 'regulatory authority', 'inadequate response', 'topical corticosteroids', 'clear skin', 'disease signs', 'safety profile', 'clinical trial', 'Medical Dermatology', 'significant improvements', 'many patients', '75% average improvement', 'Dupixent treatment', 'intense itch', 'Dupixent Trial', 'life measures', 'Dupixent®', '9% Dupixent', '6% Dupixent', 'More', '16 weeks', 'times', 'TARRYTOWN', 'PARIS', 'NASDAQ', 'REGN', 'Sanofi', 'dupilumab', 'adults', 'adolescents', 'biologic', 'population', 'lives', 'symptoms', 'subset', 'efficacy', 'impact', 'specific', '300 mg', 'hands', 'baseline', 'sleep', 'Story', 'AEs', 'nasopharyngitis', 'conjunctivitis', 'children', '6 months', 'intolerance', 'allergic', 'proportion', 'change', 'mTLSS', 'two']",2023-03-18,2023-03-19,finance.yahoo.com
20824,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/press-release-dupixent-dupilumab-breaking-140000588.html,Press Release: Dupixent® (dupilumab) late-breaking data at AAD show significant improvements in signs and symptoms of moderate-to-severe atopic hand and foot dermatitis,Dupixent® (dupilumab) late-breaking data at AAD show significant improvements in signs and symptoms of moderate-to-severe atopic hand and foot dermatitis...,Sanofi - Aventis GroupeDupixent® (dupilumab) late-breaking data at AAD show significant improvements in signs and symptoms of moderate-to-severe atopic hand and foot dermatitisMore than twice as many patients on Dupixent achieved clear or almost clear skin compared to placebo at 16 weeksNearly four times as many patients on Dupixent saw a clinically meaningful reduction of itch  with improvements seen as early as one weekParis and Tarrytown  N.Y. March 18  2023. Positive results from the clinical trial assessing Dupixent® (dupilumab) in adults and adolescents with uncontrolled moderate-to-severe atopic hand and foot dermatitis were presented today. The trial  the first evaluating a biologic for this difficult-to-treat population  met its primary and key secondary endpoints. The results were featured in a late-breaking session  one of more than 20 Dupixent scientific presentations  at the American Academy of Dermatology (AAD) 2023 Annual Meeting.Eric L. Simpson  M.D.Frances J. Storrs Professor of Medical Dermatology at the Oregon Health and Science University and principal investigator of this trial“Atopic hand and foot dermatitis can extensively disrupt the lives of patients  given the intense itch and painful skin lesions it causes on essential body areas. In this trial  Dupixent significantly improved disease signs  symptoms and quality of life measures for this particularly difficult-to-treat subset of atopic dermatitis patients  with itch improvement seen as early as one week after the first dose. While the efficacy and safety profile of Dupixent is well-established for atopic dermatitis more broadly  these positive results are the first demonstrating the impact on specific and heavily used areas of the body.”In the trial  patients received Dupixent (n=67) every two weeks (adults 300 mg  adolescents 200 mg or 300 mg based on body weight) or placebo (n=66). At 16 weeks  patients treated with Dupixent experienced the following:40% achieved clear or almost clear skin on hands and feet compared to 17% with placebo (p≤0.01)  the primary endpoint.52% saw a clinically meaningful reduction in itch on hands and feet compared to 14% with placebo (p<0.0001)  the key secondary endpoint.69% average reduction in signs of hand and foot lesions from baseline compared to 31% with placebo (p<0.0001).75% average improvement in hand eczema disease severity from baseline compared to 40% with placebo (p<0.0001).There were significant improvements in measures of hand and foot skin pain  sleep and hand eczema-related quality of life.Story continuesThe trial demonstrated similar safety results to the known safety profile of Dupixent in atopic dermatitis. Overall rates of adverse events (AEs) were 66% for Dupixent and 74% for placebo. AEs more commonly observed with Dupixent (≥5%) compared to placebo included nasopharyngitis (16% Dupixent  11% placebo)  upper respiratory tract infection (9% Dupixent  5% placebo)  conjunctivitis (6% Dupixent  2% placebo)  herpes viral infections (6% Dupixent  3% placebo) and increased blood creatine phosphokinase (6% Dupixent  0% placebo). Additionally  3% of patients taking Dupixent used at least one rescue medication compared to 21% of patients on placebo.There are 23 Dupixent scientific abstracts being presented across three dermatological diseases with underlying type 2 inflammation at the AAD 2023 Annual Meeting. These include oral presentations on long-term Dupixent use in children as young as 6 months with atopic dermatitis; the impact of Dupixent treatment on health-related quality of life  skin pain and sleep in prurigo nodularis; and the investigational use of Dupixent on signs  symptoms and health-related quality of life in chronic spontaneous urticaria.The potential use of Dupixent in chronic spontaneous urticaria is currently under clinical development  and the safety and efficacy have not been fully evaluated by any regulatory authority.About the Dupixent TrialThe Phase 3 double-blind  placebo-controlled trial evaluated the efficacy and safety of Dupixent in 133 adolescents and adults with moderate-to-severe atopic hand and foot dermatitis who had an inadequate response or intolerance to topical corticosteroids. Patients with hand and foot disease predominantly driven by allergic or irritant contact dermatitis were excluded from the trial.The primary endpoint evaluated the proportion of patients with clear or almost clear skin of hand and feet eczema at 16 weeks (measured by a score of 0 or 1 on the Investigator Global Assessment Scale). The key secondary endpoint measured the proportion of patients with improvement in itch on hands and feet from baseline (measured by a ≥4-point reduction in Peak-Pruritis Numeric Rating Scale [PP-NRS] on a 0-10 scale) at 16 weeks. Lesion sign reduction was assessed by change from baseline in Modified Total Lesion Sign Score (mTLSS; measured by a 0-36 scale)  and disease severity was assessed by the change from baseline in Hand Eczema Severity Index (HECSI) score (measured by a 0-360 scale). Symptoms were assessed every one or two weeks during the trial.Additional secondary endpoints included:Skin pain reduction as assessed by the change from baseline in weekly average of daily hand and foot peak pain NRS (measured by a 0-10 scale).Sleep improvement as assessed by change from baseline in weekly average of daily Sleep NRS (measured by a 0-10 scale).Health-related quality of life  assessed by change from baseline in the Quality of Life in Hand Eczema Questionnaire (QoLHEQ) (measured by a 0-117 scale).About DupixentDupixent is a fully human monoclonal antibody that inhibits the signaling of the interleukin-4 (IL-4) and interleukin-13 (IL-13) pathways and is not an immunosuppressant. The Dupixent development program has shown significant clinical benefit and a decrease in type 2 inflammation in Phase 3 trials  establishing that IL-4 and IL-13 are key and central drivers of the type 2 inflammation that plays a major role in multiple related and often co-morbid diseases. These diseases include approved indications for Dupixent  such as atopic dermatitis  asthma  chronic rhinosinusitis with nasal polyposis (CRSwNP)  eosinophilic esophagitis (EoE) and prurigo nodularis.Dupixent has received regulatory approvals in one or more countries around the world for use in certain patients with atopic dermatitis  asthma  CRSwNP  EoE or prurigo nodularis in different age populations. Dupixent is currently approved for one or more of these indications in more than 60 countries  including in the U.S.  European Union and Japan. More than 600 000 patients are being treated with Dupixent globally.Dupilumab Development ProgramDupilumab is being jointly developed by Sanofi and Regeneron under a global collaboration agreement. To date  dupilumab has been studied across more than 60 clinical trials involving more than 10 000 patients with various chronic diseases driven in part by type 2 inflammation.In addition to the currently approved indications  Sanofi and Regeneron are studying dupilumab in a broad range of diseases driven by type 2 inflammation or other allergic processes in Phase 3 trials  including pediatric EoE  chronic inducible urticaria-cold  chronic spontaneous urticaria  chronic pruritus of unknown origin  chronic obstructive pulmonary disease with evidence of type 2 inflammation  chronic rhinosinusitis without nasal polyposis  allergic fungal rhinosinusitis  allergic bronchopulmonary aspergillosis and bullous pemphigoid. These potential uses of dupilumab are currently under clinical investigation  and the safety and efficacy in these conditions have not been fully evaluated by any regulatory authority.About RegeneronRegeneron (NASDAQ: REGN) is a leading biotechnology company that invents  develops and commercializes life-transforming medicines for people with serious diseases. Founded and led for 35 years by physician-scientists  our unique ability to repeatedly and consistently translate science into medicine has led to nine FDA-approved treatments and numerous product candidates in development  almost all of which were homegrown in our laboratories. Our medicines and pipeline are designed to help patients with eye diseases  allergic and inflammatory diseases  cancer  cardiovascular and metabolic diseases  pain  hematologic conditions  infectious diseases and rare diseases.Regeneron is accelerating and improving the traditional drug development process through our proprietary VelociSuite® technologies  such as VelocImmune®  which uses unique genetically humanized mice to produce optimized fully human antibodies and bispecific antibodies  and through ambitious research initiatives such as the Regeneron Genetics Center  which is conducting one of the largest genetics sequencing efforts in the world.For more information  please visit www.Regeneron.com or follow @Regeneron on Twitter.About SanofiWe are an innovative global healthcare company  driven by one purpose: we chase the miracles of science to improve people’s lives. Our team  across some 100 countries  is dedicated to transforming the practice of medicine by working to turn the impossible into the possible. We provide potentially life-changing treatment options and life-saving vaccine protection to millions of people globally  while putting sustainability and social responsibility at the center of our ambitions.Sanofi is listed on EURONEXT: SAN and NASDAQ: SNY.Media RelationsSally Bain | + 1 617 834 6026 | sally.bain@sanofi.comInvestor RelationsEva Schaefer-Jansen | + 33 7 86 80 56 39 | eva.schaefer-jansen@sanofi.comArnaud Delépine | + 33 6 73 69 36 93 | arnaud.delepine@sanofi.comCorentine Driancourt | + 33 6 40 56 92 21 | corentine.driancourt@sanofi.comFelix Lauscher | + 1 908 612 7239 | felix.lauscher@sanofi.comTarik Elgoutni| + 1 617 710 3587 | tarik.elgoutni@sanofi.comNathalie Pham | + 33 7 85 93 30 17 | nathalie.pham@sanofi.comRegeneron Media RelationsHannah Kwagh | +1 914-847-6314 | hannah.kwagh@regeneron.comRegeneron Investor RelationsVesna Tosic | + 914 847 5443 | vesna.tosic@regeneron.comSanofi Disclaimers or Forward-Looking StatementsThis press release contains forward-looking statements as defined in the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995  as amended. Forward-looking statements are statements that are not historical facts. These statements include projections and estimates regarding the marketing and other potential of the product  or regarding potential future revenues from the product. Forward-looking statements are generally identified by the words “expects”  “anticipates”  “believes”  “intends”  “estimates”  “plans” and similar expressions. Although Sanofi’s management believes that the expectations reflected in such forward-looking statements are reasonable  investors are cautioned that forward-looking information and statements are subject to various risks and uncertainties  many of which are difficult to predict and generally beyond the control of Sanofi  that could cause actual results and developments to differ materially from those expressed in  or implied or projected by  the forward-looking information and statements. These risks and uncertainties include among other things  unexpected regulatory actions or delays  or government regulation generally  that could affect the availability or commercial potential of the product  the fact that product may not be commercially successful  the uncertainties inherent in research and development  including future clinical data and analysis of existing clinical data relating to the product  including post marketing  unexpected safety  quality or manufacturing issues  competition in general  risks associated with intellectual property and any related future litigation and the ultimate outcome of such litigation  and volatile economic and market conditions  and the impact that COVID-19 will have on us  our customers  suppliers  vendors  and other business partners  and the financial condition of any one of them  as well as on our employees and on the global economy as a whole. The risks and uncertainties also include the uncertainties discussed or identified in the public filings with the SEC and the AMF made by Sanofi  including those listed under “Risk Factors” and “Cautionary Statement Regarding Forward-Looking Statements” in Sanofi’s annual report on Form 20-F for the year ended December 31  2022. Other than as required by applicable law  Sanofi does not undertake any obligation to update or revise any forward-looking information or statements.Regeneron Forward-Looking Statements and Use of Digital MediaThis press release includes forward-looking statements that involve risks and uncertainties relating to future events and the future performance of Regeneron Pharmaceuticals  Inc. (“Regeneron” or the “Company”)  and actual events or results may differ materially from these forward-looking statements. Words such as “anticipate ” “expect ” “intend ” “plan ” “believe ” “seek ” “estimate ” variations of such words  and similar expressions are intended to identify such forward-looking statements  although not all forward-looking statements contain these identifying words. These statements concern  and these risks and uncertainties include  among others  the impact of SARS-CoV-2 (the virus that has caused the COVID-19 pandemic) on Regeneron’s business and its employees  collaborators  and suppliers and other third parties on which Regeneron relies  Regeneron’s and its collaborators’ ability to continue to conduct research and clinical programs  Regeneron’s ability to manage its supply chain  net product sales of products marketed or otherwise commercialized by Regeneron and/or its collaborators or licensees (collectively  “Regeneron’s Products”)  and the global economy; the nature  timing  and possible success and therapeutic applications of Regeneron’s Products and product candidates being developed by Regeneron and/or its collaborators or licensees (collectively  “Regeneron’s Product Candidates”) and research and clinical programs now underway or planned  including without limitation Dupixent; the likelihood  timing  and scope of possible regulatory approval and commercial launch of Regeneron’s Product Candidates and new indications for Regeneron’s Products  such as Dupixent for the treatment atopic hand and foot dermatitis as discussed in this press release as well as for the treatment of pediatric eosinophilic esophagitis  chronic inducible urticaria-cold  chronic spontaneous urticaria  chronic pruritus of unknown origin  chronic obstructive pulmonary disease with evidence of type 2 inflammation  chronic rhinosinusitis without nasal polyposis  allergic fungal rhinosinusitis  allergic bronchopulmonary aspergillosis  bullous pemphigoid  and other potential indications; uncertainty of the utilization  market acceptance  and commercial success of Regeneron’s Products and Regeneron’s Product Candidates and the impact of studies (whether conducted by Regeneron or others and whether mandated or voluntary)  including the studies discussed or referenced in this press release  on any of the foregoing or any potential regulatory approval of Regeneron’s Products (such as Dupixent) and Regeneron’s Product Candidates; the ability of Regeneron’s collaborators  licensees  suppliers  or other third parties (as applicable) to perform manufacturing  filling  finishing  packaging  labeling  distribution  and other steps related to Regeneron’s Products and Regeneron’s Product Candidates; the ability of Regeneron to manage supply chains for multiple products and product candidates; safety issues resulting from the administration of Regeneron’s Products (such as Dupixent) and Regeneron’s Product Candidates in patients  including serious complications or side effects in connection with the use of Regeneron’s Products and Regeneron’s Product Candidates in clinical trials; determinations by regulatory and administrative governmental authorities which may delay or restrict Regeneron’s ability to continue to develop or commercialize Regeneron’s Products and Regeneron’s Product Candidates  including without limitation Dupixent; ongoing regulatory obligations and oversight impacting Regeneron’s Products  research and clinical programs  and business  including those relating to patient privacy; the availability and extent of reimbursement of Regeneron’s Products from third-party payers  including private payer healthcare and insurance programs  health maintenance organizations  pharmacy benefit management companies  and government programs such as Medicare and Medicaid; coverage and reimbursement determinations by such payers and new policies and procedures adopted by such payers; competing drugs and product candidates that may be superior to  or more cost effective than  Regeneron’s Products and Regeneron’s Product Candidates; the extent to which the results from the research and development programs conducted by Regeneron and/or its collaborators or licensees may be replicated in other studies and/or lead to advancement of product candidates to clinical trials  therapeutic applications  or regulatory approval; unanticipated expenses; the costs of developing  producing  and selling products; the ability of Regeneron to meet any of its financial projections or guidance and changes to the assumptions underlying those projections or guidance; the potential for any license  collaboration  or supply agreement  including Regeneron’s agreements with Sanofi and Bayer (or their respective affiliated companies  as applicable) to be cancelled or terminated; and risks associated with intellectual property of other parties and pending or future litigation relating thereto (including without limitation the patent litigation and other related proceedings relating to EYLEA® (aflibercept) Injection  Praluent® (alirocumab)  and REGEN-COV® (casirivimab and imdevimab))  other litigation and other proceedings and government investigations relating to the Company and/or its operations  the ultimate outcome of any such proceedings and investigations  and the impact any of the foregoing may have on Regeneron’s business  prospects  operating results  and financial condition. A more complete description of these and other material risks can be found in Regeneron’s filings with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission  including its Form 10-K for the year ended December 31  2022. Any forward-looking statements are made based on management’s current beliefs and judgment  and the reader is cautioned not to rely on any forward-looking statements made by Regeneron. Regeneron does not undertake any obligation to update (publicly or otherwise) any forward-looking statement  including without limitation any financial projection or guidance  whether as a result of new information  future events  or otherwise.Regeneron uses its media and investor relations website and social media outlets to publish important information about the Company  including information that may be deemed material to investors. Financial and other information about Regeneron is routinely posted and is accessible on Regeneron’s media and investor relations website (http://newsroom.regeneron.com) and its Twitter feed (http://twitter.com/regeneron).Attachment,neutral,0.02,0.92,0.06,mixed,0.2,0.2,0.6,True,English,"['dupilumab) late-breaking data', 'severe atopic hand', 'Press Release', 'significant improvements', 'foot dermatitis', 'Dupixent®', 'AAD', 'signs', 'symptoms', 'moderate', 'Modified Total Lesion Sign Score', 'Frances J. Storrs Professor', 'upper respiratory tract infection', 'Peak-Pruritis Numeric Rating Scale', 'Investigator Global Assessment Scale', 'Phase 3 double-blind, placebo-controlled trial', 'Hand Eczema Severity Index', 'hand eczema disease severity', 'Lesion sign reduction', 'key secondary endpoints', 'Eric L. Simpson', 'herpes viral infections', 'blood creatine phosphokinase', 'three dermatological diseases', 'underlying type 2 inflammation', 'chronic spontaneous urticaria', 'one rescue medication', 'AAD) 2023 Annual Meeting', 'AAD 2023 Annual Meeting', 'irritant contact dermatitis', 'painful skin lesions', 'severe atopic hand', '23 Dupixent scientific abstracts', 'hand eczema-related quality', 'essential body areas', 'foot skin pain', '20 Dupixent scientific presentations', 'similar safety results', 'long-term Dupixent use', 'atopic dermatitis patients', 'principal investigator', '0-10 scale', '0-36 scale', '0-360 scale', 'HECSI) score', 'foot lesions', 'foot disease', 'feet eczema', 'one week', 'oral presentations', 'foot dermatitis', 'investigational use', 'potential use', 'meaningful reduction', '69% average reduction', '≥4-point reduction', 'primary endpoint', 'Aventis Groupe', 'late-breaking data', 'N.Y.', 'Positive results', 'uncontrolled moderate-to', 'late-breaking session', 'American Academy', 'M.D.', 'Oregon Health', 'Science University', 'first dose', 'body weight', 'Overall rates', 'adverse events', 'health-related quality', 'prurigo nodularis', 'clinical development', 'regulatory authority', 'inadequate response', 'topical corticosteroids', 'clear skin', 'safety profile', 'disease signs', 'significant improvements', '75% average improvement', 'clinical trial', 'Medical Dermatology', 'intense itch', 'many patients', 'Dupixent treatment', 'itch improvement', 'Dupixent Trial', 'life measures', 'Dupixent®', '9% Dupixent', '6% Dupixent', 'Sanofi', 'dupilumab', 'symptoms', 'More', '16 weeks', 'Paris', 'Tarrytown', 'adults', 'adolescents', 'biologic', 'population', 'lives', 'subset', 'efficacy', 'impact', 'specific', '300 mg', 'hands', 'baseline', 'sleep', 'Story', 'AEs', 'nasopharyngitis', 'conjunctivitis', 'children', '6 months', 'intolerance', 'allergic', 'proportion', 'change', 'mTLSS']",2023-03-18,2023-03-19,finance.yahoo.com
20825,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2023/03/18/2629820/0/en/Dupixent-dupilumab-Late-Breaking-Data-at-AAD-Show-Significant-Improvements-in-Signs-and-Symptoms-of-Moderate-to-severe-Atopic-Hand-and-Foot-Dermatitis.html,Dupixent® (dupilumab) Late-Breaking Data at AAD Show Significant Improvements in Signs and Symptoms of Moderate-to-severe Atopic Hand and Foot Dermatitis,More than twice as many patients on Dupixent achieved clear or almost clear skin compared to placebo at 16 weeks  Nearly four times as many patients on......,More than twice as many patients on Dupixent achieved clear or almost clear skin compared to placebo at 16 weeksNearly four times as many patients on Dupixent saw a clinically meaningful reduction of itch  with improvements seen as early as one weekTARRYTOWN  N.Y. and PARIS  March 18  2023 (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) -- Regeneron Pharmaceuticals  Inc. (NASDAQ: REGN) and Sanofi today presented positive results from the clinical trial assessing Dupixent® (dupilumab) in adults and adolescents with uncontrolled moderate-to-severe atopic hand and foot dermatitis. The trial  the first evaluating a biologic for this difficult-to-treat population  met its primary and key secondary endpoints. The results were featured in a late-breaking session  one of more than 20 Dupixent scientific presentations  at the American Academy of Dermatology (AAD) 2023 Annual Meeting.“Atopic hand and foot dermatitis can extensively disrupt the lives of patients  given the intense itch and painful skin lesions it causes on essential body areas ” said Eric L. Simpson  M.D.  Frances J. Storrs Professor of Medical Dermatology at the Oregon Health and Science University and principal investigator of this trial. “In this trial  Dupixent significantly improved disease signs  symptoms and quality of life measures for this particularly difficult-to-treat subset of atopic dermatitis patients  with itch improvement seen as early as one week after the first dose. While the efficacy and safety profile of Dupixent is well-established for atopic dermatitis more broadly  these positive results are the first demonstrating the impact on specific and heavily used areas of the body.”In the trial  patients received Dupixent (n=67) every two weeks (adults 300 mg  adolescents 200 mg or 300 mg based on body weight) or placebo (n=66). At 16 weeks  patients treated with Dupixent experienced the following:40% achieved clear or almost clear skin on hands and feet compared to 17% with placebo (p≤0.01)  the primary endpoint.52% saw a clinically meaningful reduction in itch on hands and feet compared to 14% with placebo (p<0.0001)  the key secondary endpoint.69% average reduction in signs of hand and foot lesions from baseline compared to 31% with placebo (p<0.0001).75% average improvement in hand eczema disease severity from baseline compared to 40% with placebo (p<0.0001).There were significant improvements in measures of hand and foot skin pain  sleep  and hand eczema-related quality of life.The trial demonstrated similar safety results to the known safety profile of Dupixent in atopic dermatitis. Overall rates of adverse events (AEs) were 66% for Dupixent and 74% for placebo. AEs more commonly observed with Dupixent (≥5%) compared to placebo included nasopharyngitis (16% Dupixent  11% placebo)  upper respiratory tract infection (9% Dupixent  5% placebo)  conjunctivitis (6% Dupixent  2% placebo)  herpes viral infections (6% Dupixent  3% placebo) and increased blood creatine phosphokinase (6% Dupixent  0% placebo). Additionally  3% of patients taking Dupixent used at least one rescue medication compared to 21% of patients on placebo.There are 23 Dupixent scientific abstracts being presented across three dermatological diseases with underlying type 2 inflammation at the AAD 2023 Annual Meeting. These include oral presentations on long-term Dupixent use in children as young as 6 months with atopic dermatitis; the impact of Dupixent treatment on health-related quality of life  skin pain and sleep in prurigo nodularis; and the investigational use of Dupixent on signs  symptoms and health-related quality of life in chronic spontaneous urticaria.The potential use of Dupixent in chronic spontaneous urticaria is currently under clinical development  and the safety and efficacy have not been fully evaluated by any regulatory authority.About the Dupixent TrialThe Phase 3 double-blind  placebo-controlled trial evaluated the efficacy and safety of Dupixent in 133 adolescents and adults with moderate-to-severe atopic hand and foot dermatitis who had an inadequate response or intolerance to topical corticosteroids. Patients with hand and foot disease predominantly driven by allergic or irritant contact dermatitis were excluded from the trial.The primary endpoint evaluated the proportion of patients with clear or almost clear skin of hand and feet eczema at 16 weeks (measured by a score of 0 or 1 on the Investigator Global Assessment Scale). The key secondary endpoint measured the proportion of patients with improvement in itch on hands and feet from baseline (measured by a ≥4-point reduction in Peak-Pruritis Numeric Rating Scale [PP-NRS] on a 0-10 scale) at 16 weeks. Lesion sign reduction was assessed by change from baseline in Modified Total Lesion Sign Score (mTLSS; measured by a 0-36 scale)  and disease severity was assessed by the change from baseline in Hand Eczema Severity Index (HECSI) score (measured by a 0-360 scale). Symptoms were assessed every one or two weeks during the trial.Additional secondary endpoints included:Skin pain reduction as assessed by the change from baseline in weekly average of daily hand and foot peak pain NRS (measured by a 0-10 scale).Sleep improvement as assessed by change from baseline in weekly average of daily Sleep NRS (measured by a 0-10 scale).Health-related quality of life  assessed by change from baseline in the Quality of Life in Hand Eczema Questionnaire (QoLHEQ) (measured by a 0-117 scale).About DupixentDupixent  which was invented using Regeneron’s proprietary VelocImmune® technology  is a fully human monoclonal antibody that inhibits the signaling of the interleukin-4 (IL-4) and interleukin-13 (IL-13) pathways and is not an immunosuppressant. The Dupixent development program has shown significant clinical benefit and a decrease in type 2 inflammation in Phase 3 trials  establishing that IL-4 and IL-13 are key and central drivers of the type 2 inflammation that plays a major role in multiple related and often co-morbid diseases. These diseases include approved indications for Dupixent such as atopic dermatitis  asthma  chronic rhinosinusitis with nasal polyposis (CRSwNP)  eosinophilic esophagitis (EoE) and prurigo nodularis.Dupixent has received regulatory approvals in one or more countries around the world for use in certain patients with atopic dermatitis  asthma  CRSwNP  EoE or prurigo nodularis  in different age populations. Dupixent is currently approved for one or more of these indications in more than 60 countries  including in the U.S.  European Union and Japan. More than 600 000 patients are being treated with Dupixent globally.About Regeneron’s VelocImmune TechnologyRegeneron's VelocImmune technology utilizes a proprietary genetically engineered mouse platform endowed with a genetically humanized immune system to produce optimized fully human antibodies. When Regeneron's co-Founder  President and Chief Scientific Officer George D. Yancopoulos was a graduate student with his mentor Frederick W. Alt in 1985  they were the first to envision making such a genetically humanized mouse  and Regeneron has spent decades inventing and developing VelocImmune and related VelociSuite® technologies. Dr. Yancopoulos and his team have used VelocImmune technology to create a substantial proportion of all original  FDA-approved or authorized fully human monoclonal antibodies. This includes REGEN-COV® (casirivimab and imdevimab)  Dupixent  Libtayo® (cemiplimab-rwlc)  Praluent® (alirocumab)  Kevzara® (sarilumab)  Evkeeza® (evinacumab-dgnb) and Inmazeb® (atoltivimab  maftivimab and odesivimab-ebgn).Dupilumab Development ProgramDupilumab is being jointly developed by Regeneron and Sanofi under a global collaboration agreement. To date  dupilumab has been studied across more than 60 clinical trials involving more than 10 000 patients with various chronic diseases driven in part by type 2 inflammation.In addition to the currently approved indications  Regeneron and Sanofi are studying dupilumab in a broad range of diseases driven by type 2 inflammation or other allergic processes in Phase 3 trials  including pediatric EoE  chronic inducible urticaria-cold  chronic spontaneous urticaria  chronic pruritus of unknown origin  chronic obstructive pulmonary disease with evidence of type 2 inflammation  chronic rhinosinusitis without nasal polyposis  allergic fungal rhinosinusitis  allergic bronchopulmonary aspergillosis and bullous pemphigoid. These potential uses of dupilumab are currently under clinical investigation  and the safety and efficacy in these conditions have not been fully evaluated by any regulatory authority.U.S. INDICATIONSDUPIXENT is a prescription medicine used:to treat adults and children 6 months of age and older with moderate-to-severe eczema (atopic dermatitis or AD) that is not well controlled with prescription therapies used on the skin (topical)  or who cannot use topical therapies. DUPIXENT can be used with or without topical corticosteroids. It is not known if DUPIXENT is safe and effective in children with atopic dermatitis under 6 months of age.with other asthma medicines for the maintenance treatment of moderate-to-severe eosinophilic or oral steroid dependent asthma in adults and children 6 years of age and older whose asthma is not controlled with their current asthma medicines. DUPIXENT helps prevent severe asthma attacks (exacerbations) and can improve your breathing. DUPIXENT may also help reduce the amount of oral corticosteroids you need while preventing severe asthma attacks and improving your breathing. DUPIXENT is not used to treat sudden breathing problems. It is not known if DUPIXENT is safe and effective in children with asthma under 6 years of age.with other medicines for the maintenance treatment of chronic rhinosinusitis with nasal polyposis (CRSwNP) in adults whose disease is not controlled. It is not known if DUPIXENT is safe and effective in children with chronic rhinosinusitis with nasal polyposis under 18 years of age.to treat adults and children 12 years of age and older  who weigh at least 88 pounds (40 kg)  with eosinophilic esophagitis (EoE). It is not known if DUPIXENT is safe and effective in children with eosinophilic esophagitis under 12 years of age and who weigh at least 88 pounds (40 kg).to treat adults with prurigo nodularis (PN). It is not known if DUPIXENT is safe and effective in children with prurigo nodularis under 18 years of age.IMPORTANT SAFETY INFORMATIONDo not use if you are allergic to dupilumab or to any of the ingredients in DUPIXENT®.Before using DUPIXENT  tell your healthcare provider about all your medical conditions  including if you:have eye problems.have a parasitic (helminth) infection.are scheduled to receive any vaccinations. You should not receive a “live vaccine” right before and during treatment with DUPIXENT.are pregnant or plan to become pregnant. It is not known whether DUPIXENT will harm your unborn baby. A pregnancy registry for women who take DUPIXENT during pregnancy collects information about the health of you and your baby. To enroll or get more information call 1-877-311-8972 or go to https://mothertobaby.org/ongoing-study/dupixent/.are breastfeeding or plan to breastfeed. It is not known whether DUPIXENT passes into your breast milk.Tell your healthcare provider about all the medicines you take  including prescription and over-the- counter medicines  vitamins  and herbal supplements.Especially tell your healthcare provider if you are taking oral  topical  or inhaled corticosteroid medicines; have asthma and use an asthma medicine; or have atopic dermatitis  chronic rhinosinusitis with nasal polyposis  eosinophilic esophagitis  or prurigo nodularis and also have asthma. Do not change or stop your corticosteroid medicine or other asthma medicine without talking to your healthcare provider. This may cause other symptoms that were controlled by the corticosteroid medicine or other asthma medicine to come back.DUPIXENT can cause serious side effects  including:All e r g i c r ea c t i on s. DUPIXENT can cause allergic reactions that can sometimes be severe. Stop using DUPIXENT and tell your healthcare provider or get emergency help right away if you get any of the following signs or symptoms: breathing problems or wheezing  swelling of the face  lips  mouth  tongue or throat  fainting  dizziness  feeling lightheaded  fast pulse  fever  hives  joint pain  general ill feeling  itching  skin rash  swollen lymph nodes  nausea or vomiting  or cramps in your stomach-area.Stop using DUPIXENT and tell your healthcare provider or get emergency help right away if you get any of the following signs or symptoms: breathing problems or wheezing  swelling of the face  lips  mouth  tongue or throat  fainting  dizziness  feeling lightheaded  fast pulse  fever  hives  joint pain  general ill feeling  itching  skin rash  swollen lymph nodes  nausea or vomiting  or cramps in your stomach-area. E y e pr ob l e m s. Tell your healthcare provider if you have any new or worsening eye problems  including eye pain or changes in vision  such as blurred vision. Your healthcare provider may send you to an ophthalmologist for an exam if needed.Tell your healthcare provider if you have any new or worsening eye problems  including eye pain or changes in vision  such as blurred vision. Your healthcare provider may send you to an ophthalmologist for an exam if needed. I n fl a mm a t i o n o f y ou r b l oo d v e ss e l s. Rarely  this can happen in people with asthma who receive DUPIXENT. This may happen in people who also take a steroid medicine by mouth that is being stopped or the dose is being lowered. It is not known whether this is caused by DUPIXENT. Tell your healthcare provider right away if you have: rash  chest pain  worsening shortness of breath  a feeling of pins and needles or numbness of your arms or legs  or persistent fever.Rarely  this can happen in people with asthma who receive DUPIXENT. This may happen in people who also take a steroid medicine by mouth that is being stopped or the dose is being lowered. It is not known whether this is caused by DUPIXENT. Tell your healthcare provider right away if you have: rash  chest pain  worsening shortness of breath  a feeling of pins and needles or numbness of your arms or legs  or persistent fever. Joint aches and pain. Some people who use DUPIXENT have had trouble walking or moving due to their joint symptoms  and in some cases needed to be hospitalized. Tell your healthcare provider about any new or worsening joint symptoms. Your healthcare provider may stop DUPIXENT if you develop joint symptoms.The most common side effects include:Eczema: injection site reactions  eye and eyelid inflammation  including redness  swelling  and itching  sometimes with blurred vision  cold sores in your mouth or on your lips  and high count of a certain white blood cell (eosinophilia).injection site reactions  eye and eyelid inflammation  including redness  swelling  and itching  sometimes with blurred vision  cold sores in your mouth or on your lips  and high count of a certain white blood cell (eosinophilia). A s t h ma: injection site reactions  high count of a certain white blood cell (eosinophilia)  pain in the throat (oropharyngeal pain)  and parasitic (helminth) infections.injection site reactions  high count of a certain white blood cell (eosinophilia)  pain in the throat (oropharyngeal pain)  and parasitic (helminth) infections. C h r on i c R h i no s i nu s i t i s w i th N a s a l P o ly po s i s: injection site reactions  eye and eyelid inflammation  including redness  swelling  and itching  sometimes with blurred vision  high count of a certain white blood cell (eosinophilia)  gastritis  joint pain (arthralgia)  trouble sleeping (insomnia)  and toothache.injection site reactions  eye and eyelid inflammation  including redness  swelling  and itching  sometimes with blurred vision  high count of a certain white blood cell (eosinophilia)  gastritis  joint pain (arthralgia)  trouble sleeping (insomnia)  and toothache. Eosinophilic Esophagitis: injection site reactions  upper respiratory tract infections  cold sores in your mouth or on your lips  and joint pain (arthralgia).injection site reactions  upper respiratory tract infections  cold sores in your mouth or on your lips  and joint pain (arthralgia). Prurigo Nodularis: eye and eyelid inflammation  including redness  swelling  and itching  sometimes with blurred vision  herpes virus infections  common cold symptoms (nasopharyngitis)  dizziness  muscle pain  and diarrhea.Tell your healthcare provider if you have any side effect that bothers you or that does not go away. These are not all the possible side effects of DUPIXENT. Call your doctor for medical advice about side effects. You are encouraged to report negative side effects of prescription drugs to the FDA. Visit http://www.fda.gov/medwatch  or call 1-800-FDA-1088.Use DUPIXENT exactly as prescribed by your healthcare provider. It’s an injection given under the skin (subcutaneous injection). Your healthcare provider will decide if you or your caregiver can inject DUPIXENT. Do not try to prepare and inject DUPIXENT until you or your caregiver have been trained by your healthcare provider. In children 12 years of age and older  it’s recommended DUPIXENT be administered by or under supervision of an adult. In children 6 months to less than 12 years of age  DUPIXENT should be given by a caregiver.Please see accompanying full Prescribing Information including Patient Information.About RegeneronRegeneron (NASDAQ: REGN) is a leading biotechnology company that invents  develops and commercializes life-transforming medicines for people with serious diseases. Founded and led for 35 years by physician-scientists  our unique ability to repeatedly and consistently translate science into medicine has led to nine FDA-approved treatments and numerous product candidates in development  almost all of which were homegrown in our laboratories. Our medicines and pipeline are designed to help patients with eye diseases  allergic and inflammatory diseases  cancer  cardiovascular and metabolic diseases  pain  hematologic conditions  infectious diseases and rare diseases.Regeneron is accelerating and improving the traditional drug development process through our proprietary VelociSuite® technologies  such as VelocImmune®  which uses unique genetically humanized mice to produce optimized fully human antibodies and bispecific antibodies  and through ambitious research initiatives such as the Regeneron Genetics Center  which is conducting one of the largest genetics sequencing efforts in the world.For more information  please visit www.Regeneron.com or follow @Regeneron on Twitter.About SanofiWe are an innovative global healthcare company  driven by one purpose: we chase the miracles of science to improve people’s lives. Our team  across some 100 countries  is dedicated to transforming the practice of medicine by working to turn the impossible into the possible. We provide potentially life-changing treatment options and life-saving vaccine protection to millions of people globally  while putting sustainability and social responsibility at the center of our ambitions.Sanofi is listed on EURONEXT: SAN and NASDAQ: SNY.Regeneron Forward-Looking Statements and Use of Digital MediaThis press release includes forward-looking statements that involve risks and uncertainties relating to future events and the future performance of Regeneron Pharmaceuticals  Inc. (“Regeneron” or the “Company”)  and actual events or results may differ materially from these forward-looking statements. Words such as “anticipate ” “expect ” “intend ” “plan ” “believe ” “seek ” “estimate ” variations of such words  and similar expressions are intended to identify such forward-looking statements  although not all forward-looking statements contain these identifying words. These statements concern  and these risks and uncertainties include  among others  the impact of SARS-CoV-2 (the virus that has caused the COVID-19 pandemic) on Regeneron’s business and its employees  collaborators  and suppliers and other third parties on which Regeneron relies  Regeneron’s and its collaborators’ ability to continue to conduct research and clinical programs  Regeneron’s ability to manage its supply chain  net product sales of products marketed or otherwise commercialized by Regeneron and/or its collaborators or licensees (collectively  “Regeneron’s Products”)  and the global economy; the nature  timing  and possible success and therapeutic applications of Regeneron’s Products and product candidates being developed by Regeneron and/or its collaborators or licensees (collectively  “Regeneron’s Product Candidates”) and research and clinical programs now underway or planned  including without limitation Dupixent; the likelihood  timing  and scope of possible regulatory approval and commercial launch of Regeneron’s Product Candidates and new indications for Regeneron’s Products  such as Dupixent for the treatment atopic hand and foot dermatitis as discussed in this press release as well as for the treatment of pediatric eosinophilic esophagitis  chronic inducible urticaria-cold  chronic spontaneous urticaria  chronic pruritus of unknown origin  chronic obstructive pulmonary disease with evidence of type 2 inflammation  chronic rhinosinusitis without nasal polyposis  allergic fungal rhinosinusitis  allergic bronchopulmonary aspergillosis  bullous pemphigoid  and other potential indications; uncertainty of the utilization  market acceptance  and commercial success of Regeneron’s Products and Regeneron’s Product Candidates and the impact of studies (whether conducted by Regeneron or others and whether mandated or voluntary)  including the studies discussed or referenced in this press release  on any of the foregoing or any potential regulatory approval of Regeneron’s Products (such as Dupixent) and Regeneron’s Product Candidates; the ability of Regeneron’s collaborators  licensees  suppliers  or other third parties (as applicable) to perform manufacturing  filling  finishing  packaging  labeling  distribution  and other steps related to Regeneron’s Products and Regeneron’s Product Candidates; the ability of Regeneron to manage supply chains for multiple products and product candidates; safety issues resulting from the administration of Regeneron’s Products (such as Dupixent) and Regeneron’s Product Candidates in patients  including serious complications or side effects in connection with the use of Regeneron’s Products and Regeneron’s Product Candidates in clinical trials; determinations by regulatory and administrative governmental authorities which may delay or restrict Regeneron’s ability to continue to develop or commercialize Regeneron’s Products and Regeneron’s Product Candidates  including without limitation Dupixent; ongoing regulatory obligations and oversight impacting Regeneron’s Products  research and clinical programs  and business  including those relating to patient privacy; the availability and extent of reimbursement of Regeneron’s Products from third-party payers  including private payer healthcare and insurance programs  health maintenance organizations  pharmacy benefit management companies  and government programs such as Medicare and Medicaid; coverage and reimbursement determinations by such payers and new policies and procedures adopted by such payers; competing drugs and product candidates that may be superior to  or more cost effective than  Regeneron’s Products and Regeneron’s Product Candidates; the extent to which the results from the research and development programs conducted by Regeneron and/or its collaborators or licensees may be replicated in other studies and/or lead to advancement of product candidates to clinical trials  therapeutic applications  or regulatory approval; unanticipated expenses; the costs of developing  producing  and selling products; the ability of Regeneron to meet any of its financial projections or guidance and changes to the assumptions underlying those projections or guidance; the potential for any license  collaboration  or supply agreement  including Regeneron’s agreements with Sanofi and Bayer (or their respective affiliated companies  as applicable) to be cancelled or terminated; and risks associated with intellectual property of other parties and pending or future litigation relating thereto (including without limitation the patent litigation and other related proceedings relating to EYLEA® (aflibercept) Injection  Praluent® (alirocumab)  and REGEN-COV® (casirivimab and imdevimab))  other litigation and other proceedings and government investigations relating to the Company and/or its operations  the ultimate outcome of any such proceedings and investigations  and the impact any of the foregoing may have on Regeneron’s business  prospects  operating results  and financial condition. A more complete description of these and other material risks can be found in Regeneron’s filings with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission  including its Form 10-K for the year ended December 31  2022. Any forward-looking statements are made based on management’s current beliefs and judgment  and the reader is cautioned not to rely on any forward-looking statements made by Regeneron. Regeneron does not undertake any obligation to update (publicly or otherwise) any forward-looking statement  including without limitation any financial projection or guidance  whether as a result of new information  future events  or otherwise.Regeneron uses its media and investor relations website and social media outlets to publish important information about the Company  including information that may be deemed material to investors. Financial and other information about Regeneron is routinely posted and is accessible on Regeneron’s media and investor relations website (http://newsroom.regeneron.com) and its Twitter feed (http://twitter.com/regeneron).Sanofi Disclaimers or Forward-Looking StatementsThis press release contains forward-looking statements as defined in the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995  as amended. Forward-looking statements are statements that are not historical facts. These statements include projections and estimates regarding the marketing and other potential of the product  or regarding potential future revenues from the product. Forward-looking statements are generally identified by the words “expects”  “anticipates”  “believes”  “intends”  “estimates”  “plans” and similar expressions. Although Sanofi’s management believes that the expectations reflected in such forward-looking statements are reasonable  investors are cautioned that forward-looking information and statements are subject to various risks and uncertainties  many of which are difficult to predict and generally beyond the control of Sanofi  that could cause actual results and developments to differ materially from those expressed in  or implied or projected by  the forward-looking information and statements. These risks and uncertainties include among other things  unexpected regulatory actions or delays  or government regulation generally  that could affect the availability or commercial potential of the product  the fact that product may not be commercially successful  the uncertainties inherent in research and development  including future clinical data and analysis of existing clinical data relating to the product  including post marketing  unexpected safety  quality or manufacturing issues  competition in general  risks associated with intellectual property and any related future litigation and the ultimate outcome of such litigation  and volatile economic and market conditions  and the impact that COVID-19 will have on us  our customers  suppliers  vendors  and other business partners  and the financial condition of any one of them  as well as on our employees and on the global economy as a whole. The risks and uncertainties also include the uncertainties discussed or identified in the public filings with the SEC and the AMF made by Sanofi  including those listed under “Risk Factors” and “Cautionary Statement Regarding Forward-Looking Statements” in Sanofi’s annual report on Form 20-F for the year ended December 31  2022. Other than as required by applicable law  Sanofi does not undertake any obligation to update or revise any forward-looking information or statements.,neutral,0.0,0.97,0.03,mixed,0.2,0.13,0.67,True,English,"['severe Atopic Hand', 'Late-Breaking Data', 'AAD Show', 'Significant Improvements', 'Foot Dermatitis', 'Dupixent®', 'dupilumab', 'Signs', 'Symptoms', 'Moderate', 'Modified Total Lesion Sign Score', 'Frances J. Storrs Professor', 'upper respiratory tract infection', 'Peak-Pruritis Numeric Rating Scale', 'Investigator Global Assessment Scale', 'Phase 3 double-blind, placebo-controlled trial', 'Hand Eczema Severity Index', 'uncontrolled moderate-to-severe atopic hand', 'hand eczema disease severity', 'Lesion sign reduction', 'key secondary endpoints', 'AAD) 2023 Annual Meeting', 'Eric L. Simpson', 'herpes viral infections', 'blood creatine phosphokinase', 'three dermatological diseases', 'underlying type 2 inflammation', 'AAD 2023 Annual Meeting', 'chronic spontaneous urticaria', 'Additional secondary endpoints', 'one rescue medication', 'irritant contact dermatitis', 'painful skin lesions', 'Skin pain reduction', '23 Dupixent scientific abstracts', 'hand eczema-related quality', 'foot skin pain', 'essential body areas', '20 Dupixent scientific presentations', 'similar safety results', 'long-term Dupixent use', 'atopic dermatitis patients', 'principal investigator', '0-10 scale', '0-36 scale', '0-360 scale', 'foot lesions', 'foot disease', 'HECSI) score', 'feet eczema', 'one week', 'oral presentations', 'foot dermatitis', 'meaningful reduction', '69% average reduction', 'investigational use', 'potential use', '≥4-point reduction', 'primary endpoint', 'N.Y.', 'GLOBE NEWSWIRE', 'Regeneron Pharmaceuticals', 'positive results', 'late-breaking session', 'American Academy', 'M.D.', 'Oregon Health', 'Science University', 'first dose', 'body weight', 'Overall rates', 'adverse events', 'health-related quality', 'prurigo nodularis', 'clinical development', 'regulatory authority', 'inadequate response', 'topical corticosteroids', 'clear skin', 'disease signs', 'safety profile', 'clinical trial', 'Medical Dermatology', 'significant improvements', 'many patients', '75% average improvement', 'Dupixent treatment', 'intense itch', 'Dupixent Trial', 'life measures', 'Dupixent®', '9% Dupixent', '6% Dupixent', 'More', '16 weeks', 'TARRYTOWN', 'PARIS', 'March', 'NASDAQ', 'REGN', 'Sanofi', 'dupilumab', 'adults', 'adolescents', 'biologic', 'population', 'lives', 'symptoms', 'subset', 'efficacy', 'impact', 'specific', '300 mg', 'hands', 'baseline', 'sleep', 'AEs', 'nasopharyngitis', 'conjunctivitis', 'children', '6 months', 'intolerance', 'allergic', 'proportion', 'PP-NRS', 'change', 'mTLSS']",2023-03-18,2023-03-19,globenewswire.com
20826,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2023/03/18/2629819/0/en/Press-Release-Dupixent-dupilumab-late-breaking-data-at-AAD-show-significant-improvements-in-signs-and-symptoms-of-moderate-to-severe-atopic-hand-and-foot-dermatitis.html,Press Release: Dupixent® (dupilumab) late-breaking data at AAD show significant improvements in signs and symptoms of moderate-to-severe atopic hand and foot dermatitis,Dupixent® (dupilumab) late-breaking data at AAD show significant improvements in signs and symptoms of moderate-to-severe atopic hand and foot dermatitis ...,English FrenchDupixent® (dupilumab) late-breaking data at AAD show significant improvements in signs and symptoms of moderate-to-severe atopic hand and foot dermatitisMore than twice as many patients on Dupixent achieved clear or almost clear skin compared to placebo at 16 weeksNearly four times as many patients on Dupixent saw a clinically meaningful reduction of itch  with improvements seen as early as one weekParis and Tarrytown  N.Y. March 18  2023. Positive results from the clinical trial assessing Dupixent® (dupilumab) in adults and adolescents with uncontrolled moderate-to-severe atopic hand and foot dermatitis were presented today. The trial  the first evaluating a biologic for this difficult-to-treat population  met its primary and key secondary endpoints. The results were featured in a late-breaking session  one of more than 20 Dupixent scientific presentations  at the American Academy of Dermatology (AAD) 2023 Annual Meeting.Eric L. Simpson  M.D.Frances J. Storrs Professor of Medical Dermatology at the Oregon Health and Science University and principal investigator of this trial“Atopic hand and foot dermatitis can extensively disrupt the lives of patients  given the intense itch and painful skin lesions it causes on essential body areas. In this trial  Dupixent significantly improved disease signs  symptoms and quality of life measures for this particularly difficult-to-treat subset of atopic dermatitis patients  with itch improvement seen as early as one week after the first dose. While the efficacy and safety profile of Dupixent is well-established for atopic dermatitis more broadly  these positive results are the first demonstrating the impact on specific and heavily used areas of the body.”In the trial  patients received Dupixent (n=67) every two weeks (adults 300 mg  adolescents 200 mg or 300 mg based on body weight) or placebo (n=66). At 16 weeks  patients treated with Dupixent experienced the following:40% achieved clear or almost clear skin on hands and feet compared to 17% with placebo (p≤0.01)  the primary endpoint.52% saw a clinically meaningful reduction in itch on hands and feet compared to 14% with placebo (p<0.0001)  the key secondary endpoint.69% average reduction in signs of hand and foot lesions from baseline compared to 31% with placebo (p<0.0001).75% average improvement in hand eczema disease severity from baseline compared to 40% with placebo (p<0.0001).There were significant improvements in measures of hand and foot skin pain  sleep and hand eczema-related quality of life.The trial demonstrated similar safety results to the known safety profile of Dupixent in atopic dermatitis. Overall rates of adverse events (AEs) were 66% for Dupixent and 74% for placebo. AEs more commonly observed with Dupixent (≥5%) compared to placebo included nasopharyngitis (16% Dupixent  11% placebo)  upper respiratory tract infection (9% Dupixent  5% placebo)  conjunctivitis (6% Dupixent  2% placebo)  herpes viral infections (6% Dupixent  3% placebo) and increased blood creatine phosphokinase (6% Dupixent  0% placebo). Additionally  3% of patients taking Dupixent used at least one rescue medication compared to 21% of patients on placebo.There are 23 Dupixent scientific abstracts being presented across three dermatological diseases with underlying type 2 inflammation at the AAD 2023 Annual Meeting. These include oral presentations on long-term Dupixent use in children as young as 6 months with atopic dermatitis; the impact of Dupixent treatment on health-related quality of life  skin pain and sleep in prurigo nodularis; and the investigational use of Dupixent on signs  symptoms and health-related quality of life in chronic spontaneous urticaria.The potential use of Dupixent in chronic spontaneous urticaria is currently under clinical development  and the safety and efficacy have not been fully evaluated by any regulatory authority.About the Dupixent TrialThe Phase 3 double-blind  placebo-controlled trial evaluated the efficacy and safety of Dupixent in 133 adolescents and adults with moderate-to-severe atopic hand and foot dermatitis who had an inadequate response or intolerance to topical corticosteroids. Patients with hand and foot disease predominantly driven by allergic or irritant contact dermatitis were excluded from the trial.The primary endpoint evaluated the proportion of patients with clear or almost clear skin of hand and feet eczema at 16 weeks (measured by a score of 0 or 1 on the Investigator Global Assessment Scale). The key secondary endpoint measured the proportion of patients with improvement in itch on hands and feet from baseline (measured by a ≥4-point reduction in Peak-Pruritis Numeric Rating Scale [PP-NRS] on a 0-10 scale) at 16 weeks. Lesion sign reduction was assessed by change from baseline in Modified Total Lesion Sign Score (mTLSS; measured by a 0-36 scale)  and disease severity was assessed by the change from baseline in Hand Eczema Severity Index (HECSI) score (measured by a 0-360 scale). Symptoms were assessed every one or two weeks during the trial.Additional secondary endpoints included:Skin pain reduction as assessed by the change from baseline in weekly average of daily hand and foot peak pain NRS (measured by a 0-10 scale).Sleep improvement as assessed by change from baseline in weekly average of daily Sleep NRS (measured by a 0-10 scale).Health-related quality of life  assessed by change from baseline in the Quality of Life in Hand Eczema Questionnaire (QoLHEQ) (measured by a 0-117 scale).About DupixentDupixent is a fully human monoclonal antibody that inhibits the signaling of the interleukin-4 (IL-4) and interleukin-13 (IL-13) pathways and is not an immunosuppressant. The Dupixent development program has shown significant clinical benefit and a decrease in type 2 inflammation in Phase 3 trials  establishing that IL-4 and IL-13 are key and central drivers of the type 2 inflammation that plays a major role in multiple related and often co-morbid diseases. These diseases include approved indications for Dupixent  such as atopic dermatitis  asthma  chronic rhinosinusitis with nasal polyposis (CRSwNP)  eosinophilic esophagitis (EoE) and prurigo nodularis.Dupixent has received regulatory approvals in one or more countries around the world for use in certain patients with atopic dermatitis  asthma  CRSwNP  EoE or prurigo nodularis in different age populations. Dupixent is currently approved for one or more of these indications in more than 60 countries  including in the U.S.  European Union and Japan. More than 600 000 patients are being treated with Dupixent globally.Dupilumab Development ProgramDupilumab is being jointly developed by Sanofi and Regeneron under a global collaboration agreement. To date  dupilumab has been studied across more than 60 clinical trials involving more than 10 000 patients with various chronic diseases driven in part by type 2 inflammation.In addition to the currently approved indications  Sanofi and Regeneron are studying dupilumab in a broad range of diseases driven by type 2 inflammation or other allergic processes in Phase 3 trials  including pediatric EoE  chronic inducible urticaria-cold  chronic spontaneous urticaria  chronic pruritus of unknown origin  chronic obstructive pulmonary disease with evidence of type 2 inflammation  chronic rhinosinusitis without nasal polyposis  allergic fungal rhinosinusitis  allergic bronchopulmonary aspergillosis and bullous pemphigoid. These potential uses of dupilumab are currently under clinical investigation  and the safety and efficacy in these conditions have not been fully evaluated by any regulatory authority.About RegeneronRegeneron (NASDAQ: REGN) is a leading biotechnology company that invents  develops and commercializes life-transforming medicines for people with serious diseases. Founded and led for 35 years by physician-scientists  our unique ability to repeatedly and consistently translate science into medicine has led to nine FDA-approved treatments and numerous product candidates in development  almost all of which were homegrown in our laboratories. Our medicines and pipeline are designed to help patients with eye diseases  allergic and inflammatory diseases  cancer  cardiovascular and metabolic diseases  pain  hematologic conditions  infectious diseases and rare diseases.Regeneron is accelerating and improving the traditional drug development process through our proprietary VelociSuite® technologies  such as VelocImmune®  which uses unique genetically humanized mice to produce optimized fully human antibodies and bispecific antibodies  and through ambitious research initiatives such as the Regeneron Genetics Center  which is conducting one of the largest genetics sequencing efforts in the world.For more information  please visit www.Regeneron.com or follow @Regeneron on Twitter.About SanofiWe are an innovative global healthcare company  driven by one purpose: we chase the miracles of science to improve people’s lives. Our team  across some 100 countries  is dedicated to transforming the practice of medicine by working to turn the impossible into the possible. We provide potentially life-changing treatment options and life-saving vaccine protection to millions of people globally  while putting sustainability and social responsibility at the center of our ambitions.Sanofi is listed on EURONEXT: SAN and NASDAQ: SNY.Media RelationsSally Bain | + 1 617 834 6026 | sally.bain@sanofi.comInvestor RelationsEva Schaefer-Jansen | + 33 7 86 80 56 39 | eva.schaefer-jansen@sanofi.comArnaud Delépine | + 33 6 73 69 36 93 | arnaud.delepine@sanofi.comCorentine Driancourt | + 33 6 40 56 92 21 | corentine.driancourt@sanofi.comFelix Lauscher | + 1 908 612 7239 | felix.lauscher@sanofi.comTarik Elgoutni| + 1 617 710 3587 | tarik.elgoutni@sanofi.comNathalie Pham | + 33 7 85 93 30 17 | nathalie.pham@sanofi.comRegeneron Media RelationsHannah Kwagh | +1 914-847-6314 | hannah.kwagh@regeneron.comRegeneron Investor RelationsVesna Tosic | + 914 847 5443 | vesna.tosic@regeneron.comSanofi Disclaimers or Forward-Looking StatementsThis press release contains forward-looking statements as defined in the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995  as amended. Forward-looking statements are statements that are not historical facts. These statements include projections and estimates regarding the marketing and other potential of the product  or regarding potential future revenues from the product. Forward-looking statements are generally identified by the words “expects”  “anticipates”  “believes”  “intends”  “estimates”  “plans” and similar expressions. Although Sanofi’s management believes that the expectations reflected in such forward-looking statements are reasonable  investors are cautioned that forward-looking information and statements are subject to various risks and uncertainties  many of which are difficult to predict and generally beyond the control of Sanofi  that could cause actual results and developments to differ materially from those expressed in  or implied or projected by  the forward-looking information and statements. These risks and uncertainties include among other things  unexpected regulatory actions or delays  or government regulation generally  that could affect the availability or commercial potential of the product  the fact that product may not be commercially successful  the uncertainties inherent in research and development  including future clinical data and analysis of existing clinical data relating to the product  including post marketing  unexpected safety  quality or manufacturing issues  competition in general  risks associated with intellectual property and any related future litigation and the ultimate outcome of such litigation  and volatile economic and market conditions  and the impact that COVID-19 will have on us  our customers  suppliers  vendors  and other business partners  and the financial condition of any one of them  as well as on our employees and on the global economy as a whole. The risks and uncertainties also include the uncertainties discussed or identified in the public filings with the SEC and the AMF made by Sanofi  including those listed under “Risk Factors” and “Cautionary Statement Regarding Forward-Looking Statements” in Sanofi’s annual report on Form 20-F for the year ended December 31  2022. Other than as required by applicable law  Sanofi does not undertake any obligation to update or revise any forward-looking information or statements.Regeneron Forward-Looking Statements and Use of Digital MediaThis press release includes forward-looking statements that involve risks and uncertainties relating to future events and the future performance of Regeneron Pharmaceuticals  Inc. (“Regeneron” or the “Company”)  and actual events or results may differ materially from these forward-looking statements. Words such as “anticipate ” “expect ” “intend ” “plan ” “believe ” “seek ” “estimate ” variations of such words  and similar expressions are intended to identify such forward-looking statements  although not all forward-looking statements contain these identifying words. These statements concern  and these risks and uncertainties include  among others  the impact of SARS-CoV-2 (the virus that has caused the COVID-19 pandemic) on Regeneron’s business and its employees  collaborators  and suppliers and other third parties on which Regeneron relies  Regeneron’s and its collaborators’ ability to continue to conduct research and clinical programs  Regeneron’s ability to manage its supply chain  net product sales of products marketed or otherwise commercialized by Regeneron and/or its collaborators or licensees (collectively  “Regeneron’s Products”)  and the global economy; the nature  timing  and possible success and therapeutic applications of Regeneron’s Products and product candidates being developed by Regeneron and/or its collaborators or licensees (collectively  “Regeneron’s Product Candidates”) and research and clinical programs now underway or planned  including without limitation Dupixent; the likelihood  timing  and scope of possible regulatory approval and commercial launch of Regeneron’s Product Candidates and new indications for Regeneron’s Products  such as Dupixent for the treatment atopic hand and foot dermatitis as discussed in this press release as well as for the treatment of pediatric eosinophilic esophagitis  chronic inducible urticaria-cold  chronic spontaneous urticaria  chronic pruritus of unknown origin  chronic obstructive pulmonary disease with evidence of type 2 inflammation  chronic rhinosinusitis without nasal polyposis  allergic fungal rhinosinusitis  allergic bronchopulmonary aspergillosis  bullous pemphigoid  and other potential indications; uncertainty of the utilization  market acceptance  and commercial success of Regeneron’s Products and Regeneron’s Product Candidates and the impact of studies (whether conducted by Regeneron or others and whether mandated or voluntary)  including the studies discussed or referenced in this press release  on any of the foregoing or any potential regulatory approval of Regeneron’s Products (such as Dupixent) and Regeneron’s Product Candidates; the ability of Regeneron’s collaborators  licensees  suppliers  or other third parties (as applicable) to perform manufacturing  filling  finishing  packaging  labeling  distribution  and other steps related to Regeneron’s Products and Regeneron’s Product Candidates; the ability of Regeneron to manage supply chains for multiple products and product candidates; safety issues resulting from the administration of Regeneron’s Products (such as Dupixent) and Regeneron’s Product Candidates in patients  including serious complications or side effects in connection with the use of Regeneron’s Products and Regeneron’s Product Candidates in clinical trials; determinations by regulatory and administrative governmental authorities which may delay or restrict Regeneron’s ability to continue to develop or commercialize Regeneron’s Products and Regeneron’s Product Candidates  including without limitation Dupixent; ongoing regulatory obligations and oversight impacting Regeneron’s Products  research and clinical programs  and business  including those relating to patient privacy; the availability and extent of reimbursement of Regeneron’s Products from third-party payers  including private payer healthcare and insurance programs  health maintenance organizations  pharmacy benefit management companies  and government programs such as Medicare and Medicaid; coverage and reimbursement determinations by such payers and new policies and procedures adopted by such payers; competing drugs and product candidates that may be superior to  or more cost effective than  Regeneron’s Products and Regeneron’s Product Candidates; the extent to which the results from the research and development programs conducted by Regeneron and/or its collaborators or licensees may be replicated in other studies and/or lead to advancement of product candidates to clinical trials  therapeutic applications  or regulatory approval; unanticipated expenses; the costs of developing  producing  and selling products; the ability of Regeneron to meet any of its financial projections or guidance and changes to the assumptions underlying those projections or guidance; the potential for any license  collaboration  or supply agreement  including Regeneron’s agreements with Sanofi and Bayer (or their respective affiliated companies  as applicable) to be cancelled or terminated; and risks associated with intellectual property of other parties and pending or future litigation relating thereto (including without limitation the patent litigation and other related proceedings relating to EYLEA® (aflibercept) Injection  Praluent® (alirocumab)  and REGEN-COV® (casirivimab and imdevimab))  other litigation and other proceedings and government investigations relating to the Company and/or its operations  the ultimate outcome of any such proceedings and investigations  and the impact any of the foregoing may have on Regeneron’s business  prospects  operating results  and financial condition. A more complete description of these and other material risks can be found in Regeneron’s filings with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission  including its Form 10-K for the year ended December 31  2022. Any forward-looking statements are made based on management’s current beliefs and judgment  and the reader is cautioned not to rely on any forward-looking statements made by Regeneron. Regeneron does not undertake any obligation to update (publicly or otherwise) any forward-looking statement  including without limitation any financial projection or guidance  whether as a result of new information  future events  or otherwise.Regeneron uses its media and investor relations website and social media outlets to publish important information about the Company  including information that may be deemed material to investors. Financial and other information about Regeneron is routinely posted and is accessible on Regeneron’s media and investor relations website (http://newsroom.regeneron.com) and its Twitter feed (http://twitter.com/regeneron).Attachment,neutral,0.02,0.92,0.06,mixed,0.17,0.19,0.64,True,English,"['dupilumab) late-breaking data', 'severe atopic hand', 'Press Release', 'significant improvements', 'foot dermatitis', 'Dupixent®', 'AAD', 'signs', 'symptoms', 'moderate', 'Modified Total Lesion Sign Score', 'Frances J. Storrs Professor', 'upper respiratory tract infection', 'Peak-Pruritis Numeric Rating Scale', 'Investigator Global Assessment Scale', 'Phase 3 double-blind, placebo-controlled trial', 'Hand Eczema Severity Index', 'hand eczema disease severity', 'Lesion sign reduction', 'key secondary endpoints', 'Eric L. Simpson', 'herpes viral infections', 'blood creatine phosphokinase', 'three dermatological diseases', 'underlying type 2 inflammation', 'chronic spontaneous urticaria', 'one rescue medication', 'AAD) 2023 Annual Meeting', 'AAD 2023 Annual Meeting', 'irritant contact dermatitis', 'painful skin lesions', 'severe atopic hand', '23 Dupixent scientific abstracts', 'hand eczema-related quality', 'essential body areas', 'foot skin pain', '20 Dupixent scientific presentations', 'similar safety results', 'long-term Dupixent use', 'atopic dermatitis patients', 'principal investigator', '0-10 scale', '0-36 scale', '0-360 scale', 'HECSI) score', 'foot lesions', 'foot disease', 'feet eczema', 'one week', 'oral presentations', 'foot dermatitis', 'investigational use', 'potential use', 'meaningful reduction', '69% average reduction', '≥4-point reduction', 'primary endpoint', 'English French', 'late-breaking data', 'N.Y.', 'Positive results', 'uncontrolled moderate-to', 'late-breaking session', 'American Academy', 'M.D.', 'Oregon Health', 'Science University', 'first dose', 'body weight', 'Overall rates', 'adverse events', 'health-related quality', 'prurigo nodularis', 'clinical development', 'regulatory authority', 'inadequate response', 'topical corticosteroids', 'clear skin', 'safety profile', 'disease signs', 'significant improvements', '75% average improvement', 'clinical trial', 'Medical Dermatology', 'intense itch', 'many patients', 'Dupixent treatment', 'itch improvement', 'Dupixent Trial', 'life measures', 'Dupixent®', '9% Dupixent', '6% Dupixent', 'dupilumab', 'symptoms', 'More', '16 weeks', 'Paris', 'Tarrytown', 'adults', 'adolescents', 'biologic', 'population', 'lives', 'subset', 'efficacy', 'impact', 'specific', '300 mg', 'hands', 'baseline', 'sleep', 'AEs', 'nasopharyngitis', 'conjunctivitis', 'children', '6 months', 'intolerance', 'allergic', 'proportion', 'change', 'mTLSS']",2023-03-18,2023-03-19,globenewswire.com
20827,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/bimekizumab-phase-3-data-in-hidradenitis-suppurativa-show-clinically-meaningful-deep-and-maintained-response-over-48-weeks-301775572.html,Bimekizumab Phase 3 Data in Hidradenitis Suppurativa Show Clinically Meaningful  Deep and Maintained Response over 48 Weeks,Patients treated with investigational bimekizumab  an IL-17A and IL-17F inhibitor  achieved statistically significant and clinically meaningful improvements over placebo in signs and symptoms of hidradenitis suppurativa at week 16  as measured by HiSCR50 Bime…,"Patients treated with investigational bimekizumab  an IL-17A and IL-17F inhibitor  achieved statistically significant and clinically meaningful improvements over placebo in signs and symptoms of hidradenitis suppurativa at week 16  as measured by HiSCR50Bimekizumab demonstrated deep levels of clinical response over placebo at week 16  as measured by HiSCR75  a key secondary endpointPatients treated with bimekizumab experienced improved health-related quality of life over placebo at week 16  a key secondary endpointClinical responses were maintained with continuous bimekizumab treatment – over 75 percent of patients achieved HiSCR50  and over 55 percent achieved HiSCR75  at week 48±BRUSSELS and ATLANTA  March 18  2023 /PRNewswire/ -- UCB  a global biopharmaceutical company  today announced detailed positive results from two Phase 3 studies (BE HEARD I and BE HEARD II) evaluating the efficacy and safety of bimekizumab in the treatment of adults with moderate to severe hidradenitis suppurativa (HS).1 Data from the two studies showed that bimekizumab achieved statistically significant and consistent clinically meaningful improvements over placebo in the signs and symptoms of HS at week 16  which were maintained to week 48.1 ± Clinical responses with bimekizumab were observed from the first dose with some patients achieving HiSCR50 at week four.1 These new data were presented today at a late-breaking platform presentation at the 2023 American Academy of Dermatology (AAD) Annual Meeting in New Orleans  March 17-22.""Hidradenitis suppurativa is a chronic  debilitating inflammatory skin disease for which only one approved treatment is available today "" said Lead Investigator  Alexa B. Kimball  MD  MPH  Beth Israel Deaconess Medical Center and Professor of Dermatology  Harvard Medical School  Boston. ""Treating moderate to severe cases with bimekizumab has shown promising results in Phase 3 patient trials  with sustained improvement after one year.""In the U.S.  the efficacy and safety of bimekizumab have not been established for any indication  and it is not approved by the U.S. Food and Drug Administration.The two studies (n=505 in BE HEARD I; n=509 in BE HEARD II) evaluated two dose regimens of bimekizumab (320 mg every two weeks [Q2W] and 320 mg every four weeks[Q4W]) versus placebo over the 16-week initial and the 32-week maintenance treatment periods.1 Data presented at AAD 2023 show that:A significantly higher proportion of patients treated with bimekizumab (Q2W) achieved HiSCR50  the primary endpoint  at week 16 vs. placebo in BE HEARD I and BE HEARD II (47.8 percent vs. 28.7 percent [p=0.006] and 52.0 percent vs. 32.2 percent [p=0.003]  respectively).1A greater proportion of patients treated with bimekizumab (Q4W) achieved HiSCR50 at week 16 than placebo in BE HEARD I and BE HEARD II  with statistical significance achieved in BE HEARD II (45.3 percent vs. 28.7 percent [p=0.030] and 53.8 percent vs. 32.2 percent [p=0.004]  respectively).1Patients treated with bimekizumab achieved deep levels of clinical response with a greater proportion achieving HiSCR75  a key secondary endpoint  at week 16 than placebo  with statistical significance in BE HEARD II with both dose regimens and for Q2W in BE HEARD I.1Patients treated with bimekizumab experienced improved health-related quality of life (change from baseline in the dermatology life quality index) compared with placebo at week 16 (BE HEARD I and BE HEARD II  Q2W and Q4W).1Clinical responses (HiSCR50 and HiSCR75) were maintained with continuous bimekizumab treatment – over 75 percent of patients achieved HiSCR50  and over 55 percent achieved HiSCR75 at week 48 (observed case analysis; BE HEARD I and BE HEARD II  Q2W and Q4W).1""Today  at the largest dermatology meeting of the year  we unveiled 48-week data from our Phase 3 bimekizumab program in hidradenitis suppurativa. Results from the Phase 3 program highlight the meaningful clinical outcomes achieved by targeting IL-17F in addition to IL-17A "" said Emmanuel Caeymaex  Executive Vice President  Immunology Solutions and Head of U.S.  UCB. ""We are now focused on the next steps with global regulatory filings for bimekizumab in hidradenitis suppurativa planned for later this year.""The safety profile of bimekizumab across BE HEARD I and BE HEARD II was consistent with previous studies with no new safety signals observed.1 The most common (frequency of >5 percent) treatment emergent adverse events on bimekizumab over 16 weeks were hidradenitis (7.2 percent in BE HEARD I and 8.8 percent in BE HEARD II)  oral candidiasis (4.4 percent in BE HEARD I and 6.7 percent in BE HEARD II)  headache (7.0 percent in BEHEARD I and 5.8 in BE HEARD II)  and diarrhea (7.0 percent in BE HEARD I and 5.3 percent in BE HEARD II).1UCB expects to submit global regulatory applications for bimekizumab in moderate to severe HS starting in Q3 2023.Notes to editors:± Observed case analysis.About BE HEARD I and BE HEARD IIBE HEARD I is a randomized  double-blind  placebo-controlled  parallel group  multicenter  Phase 3 study designed to evaluate the efficacy and safety of bimekizumab in adults with moderate to severe hidradenitis suppurativa (HS). BE HEARD I enrolled 505 participants with a diagnosis of moderate to severe HS. 1BE HEARD II is a randomized  double-blind  placebo-controlled  parallel group  multicenter  Phase 3 study designed to evaluate the efficacy and safety of bimekizumab in adults with moderate to severe HS. BE HEARD II enrolled 509 participants with a diagnosis of moderate to severe HS.1BE HEARD I and II comprised double-blind 16-week initial and 32-week maintenance treatment periods. Participants with moderate to severe HS were randomized 2:2:2:1 to (initial/maintenance) bimekizumab 320mg every 2 weeks (Q2W)/Q2W  bimekizumab Q2W/Q4W  bimekizumab Q4W/Q4W  placebo/bimekizumab Q2W. Until week 16  bimekizumab Q2W/Q2W and bimekizumab Q2W/Q4W were combined to bimekizumab Q2W.1The primary endpoint in both studies was HiSCR50 at week 16.1 A key secondary endpoint was HiSCR75 at week 16.1 HiSCR50 and HiSCR75 are defined as at least either a 50 or 75 percent reduction from baseline in the total abscess and inflammatory nodule count  with no increase from baseline in abscess or draining tunnel count.2 3For additional details on the studies  visit BE HEARD I and BE HEARD II on clinicaltrials.gov.2 3About Hidradenitis SuppurativaHidradenitis suppurativa (HS) is a chronic  recurring  painful  and debilitating inflammatory skin disease.4 5 The main symptoms are nodules  abscesses  and pus-discharging fistulas (channels leading out of the skin) which typically occur in the armpits  groin  and buttocks.4 5 People with HS experience flare-ups of the disease as well as severe pain  which can have a major impact on quality of life.4 5HS develops in early adulthood and affects approximately one percent of the population in most studied countries.4 5 Approximately one third of people with HS have a family history of HS  and lifestyle factors such as smoking and obesity can also play a crucial role in the clinical course of HS.6The symptoms of pain  discharge  and scarring are not only a physical burden. People with HS also experience stigma: worrying about or directly experiencing negative attitudes and reactions from society in response to their symptoms.7 These feelings can lead to embarrassment  social isolation  low self-esteem  and sexual life impairment  and impact all areas of life  including interpersonal relationships  education  and work. 4 6About bimekizumabBimekizumab is a humanized monoclonal IgG1 antibody that is designed to selectively inhibit both interleukin 17A (IL-17A) and interleukin 17F (IL-17F)  two key cytokines driving inflammatory processes.8 In August 2021  bimekizumab was first approved in the European Union (EU)/European Economic Area (EEA) and in Great Britain for the treatment of moderate to severe plaque psoriasis in adults who are candidates for systemic therapy.9 10 The label information may differ in other countries where approved. Please check local prescribing information. In the U.S.  the efficacy and safety of bimekizumab have not been established for any indication  and it is not approved by the U.S. Food and Drug Administration (FDA).For further information  contact UCB:Investor RelationsAntje WitteT +32.2.559.94.14Email [email protected]U.S. Communications  ImmunologyNicole HergaT +1.773.960.5349Email [email protected]About UCBUCB  Brussels  Belgium (www.ucb.com)  is a global biopharmaceutical company focused on the discovery and development of innovative medicines and solutions to transform the lives of people living with severe diseases of the immune system or of the central nervous system. With approximately 8 600 people in approximately 40 countries  the company generated revenue of €5.5 billion in 2022. UCB is listed on Euronext Brussels (symbol: UCB). Follow us on Twitter: @UCBUSA.Forward looking statementsThis press release may contain forward-looking statements including  without limitation  statements containing the words ""believes""  ""anticipates""  ""expects""  ""intends""  ""plans""  ""seeks""  ""estimates""  ""may""  ""will""  ""continue"" and similar expressions. These forward- looking statements are based on current plans  estimates and beliefs of management. All statements  other than statements of historical facts  are statements that could be deemed forward-looking statements  including estimates of revenues  operating margins  capital expenditures  cash  other financial information  expected legal  arbitration  political  regulatory or clinical results or practices and other such estimates and results. By their nature  such forward-looking statements are not guarantees of future performance and are subject to known and unknown risks  uncertainties and assumptions which might cause the actual results  financial condition  performance or achievements of UCB  or industry results  to differ materially from those that may be expressed or implied by such forward-looking statements contained in this press release. Important factors that could result in such differences include: the global spread and impact of COVID-19  changes in general economic  business and competitive conditions  the inability to obtain necessary regulatory approvals or to obtain them on acceptable terms or within expected timing  costs associated with research and development  changes in the prospects for products in the pipeline or under development by UCB  effects of future judicial decisions or governmental investigations  safety  quality  data integrity or manufacturing issues; potential or actual data security and data privacy breaches  or disruptions of our information technology systems  product liability claims  challenges to patent protection for products or product candidates  competition from other products including biosimilars  changes in laws or regulations  exchange rate fluctuations  changes or uncertainties in tax laws or the administration of such laws  and hiring and retention of its employees. There is no guarantee that new product candidates will be discovered or identified in the pipeline  will progress to product approval or that new indications for existing products will be developed and approved. Movement from concept to commercial product is uncertain; preclinical results do not guarantee safety and efficacy of product candidates in humans. So far  the complexity of the human body cannot be reproduced in computer models  cell culture systems or animal models. The length of the timing to complete clinical trials and to get regulatory approval for product marketing has varied in the past and UCB expects similar unpredictability going forward. Products or potential products  which are the subject of partnerships  joint ventures or licensing collaborations may be subject to differences disputes between the partners or may prove to be not as safe  effective or commercially successful as UCB may have believed at the start of such partnership. UCB's efforts to acquire other products or companies and to integrate the operations of such acquired companies may not be as successful as UCB may have believed at the moment of acquisition. Also  UCB or others could discover safety  side effects or manufacturing problems with its products and/or devices after they are marketed. The discovery of significant problems with a product similar to one of UCB's products that implicate an entire class of products may have a material adverse effect on sales of the entire class of affected products. Moreover  sales may be impacted by international and domestic trends toward managed care and health care cost containment  including pricing pressure  political and public scrutiny  customer and prescriber patterns or practices  and the reimbursement policies imposed by third-party payers as well as legislation affecting biopharmaceutical pricing and reimbursement activities and outcomes. Finally  a breakdown  cyberattack or information security breach could compromise the confidentiality  integrity and availability of UCB's data and systems.Given these uncertainties  you should not place undue reliance on any of such forward-looking statements. There can be no guarantee that the investigational or approved products described in this press release will be submitted or approved for sale or for any additional indications or labelling in any market  or at any particular time  nor can there be any guarantee that such products will be or will continue to be commercially successful in the future.UCB is providing this information  including forward-looking statements  only as of the date of this press release and it does not reflect any potential impact from the evolving COVID-19 pandemic  unless indicated otherwise. UCB is following the worldwide developments diligently to assess the financial significance of this pandemic to UCB. UCB expressly disclaims any duty to update any information contained in this press release  either to confirm the actual results or to report or reflect any change in its forward-looking statements with regard thereto or any change in events  conditions or circumstances on which any such statement is based  unless such statement is required pursuant to applicable laws and regulations.Additionally  information contained in this document shall not constitute an offer to sell or the solicitation of an offer to buy any securities  nor shall there be any offer  solicitation or sale of securities in any jurisdiction in which such offer  solicit ation or sale would be unlawful prior to the registration or qualification under the securities laws of such jurisdiction.ReferencesKimball AB  Zouboulis CC  Sayed C  et al. Bimekizumab in patients with moderate-to-severe hidradenitis suppurativa: 48-week efficacy and safety from BE HEARD I & II  two phase 3  randomized  double-blind  placebo controlled  multicenter studies. Late- Breaking Platform Presentation at the 2023 American Academy of Dermatology Annual Meeting. ClinicalTrials.gov. A Study to Evaluate the Efficacy and Safety of Bimekizumab in Study Participants With Moderate to Severe Hidradenitis Suppurativa (BE HEARD I). Available at: https://clinicaltrials.gov/ct2/showithNCT042424461 . Last accessed: March 2023 ClinicalTrials.gov. A Study to Evaluate the Efficacy and Safety of Bimekizumab in Study Participants With Moderate to Severe Hidradenitis Suppurativa (BE HEARD II). Available at: https://clinicaltrials.gov/ct2/showithNCT04242498 Last accessed: March 2023 Jemec GBE. Clinical practice. Hidradenitis suppurativa. N Engl J Med. 2012;366(2):158-164. Sabat R  Jemec GBE  Matusiak L  et al. Hidradenitis suppurativa. Nat Rev Dis Primers. 2020;6:18. Kokolakis G  Wolk K  Schneider-Burrus S  et al. Delayed Diagnosis of Hidradenitis Suppurativa and Its Effect on Patients and Healthcare System. Dermatology. 2020;236:421–430. Koumaki D  Ourania E  Bozi E  et al. Perspectives On Perceived Stigma And Self-Stigma In Patients With Hidradenitis Suppurativa. Clin Cosmet Investig Dermatol. 2019;12:785–790. Glatt S  Helmer E  Haier B  et al. First-in-human randomized study of bimekizumab  a humanized monoclonal antibody and selective dual inhibitor of IL-17A and IL-17F  in mild psoriasis. Br J Clin Pharmacol. 2017;83(5):991-1001. BIMZELX® (bimekizumab) EU Summary of Product Characteristics  December 2022 . Available at: https://www.ema.europa.eu/en/documents/product-information/bimzelx-epar-product-information_en.pdf. Last Accessed: March 2023 . BIMZELX® (bimekizumab) GB Summary of Product Characteristics. Available at https://www.medicines.org.uk/emc/product/12834/smpc#gref. Last accessed: March 2023 .SOURCE UCB",neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,mixed,0.25,0.25,0.51,True,English,"['Bimekizumab Phase 3 Data', 'Hidradenitis Suppurativa Show', 'Maintained Response', 'Deep', '48 Weeks', 'chronic, debilitating inflammatory skin disease', 'randomized, double-blind, placebo-controlled, parallel group', 'Israel Deaconess Medical Center', '32-week maintenance treatment periods', 'moderate to severe hidradenitis suppurativa', 'dermatology life quality index', 'Harvard Medical School', 'global biopharmaceutical company', 'late-breaking platform presentation', 'Alexa B. Kimball', 'Executive Vice President', 'global regulatory filings', 'emergent adverse events', 'global regulatory applications', 'key secondary endpoint', 'Phase 3 patient trials', 'largest dermatology meeting', 'clinically meaningful improvements', 'BE HEARD II', 'detailed positive results', 'AAD) Annual Meeting', 'meaningful clinical outcomes', 'U.S. Food', 'two Phase 3 studies', 'two dose regimens', 'new safety signals', 'continuous bimekizumab treatment', 'Phase 3 bimekizumab program', 'Phase 3 program', 'severe cases', 'two studies', 'primary endpoint', 'health-related quality', 'Phase 3 study', 'first dose', 'New Orleans', 'severe HS', 'previous studies', 'clinical response', 'deep levels', '2023 American Academy', 'Lead Investigator', 'promising results', 'sustained improvement', 'Drug Administration', '16-week initial', 'higher proportion', 'greater proportion', 'statistical significance', 'case analysis', 'Emmanuel Caeymaex', 'Immunology Solutions', 'next steps', 'oral candidiasis', 'new data', 'safety profile', 'IL-17F inhibitor', '48-week data', '>5 percent) treatment', 'investigational bimekizumab', 'one year', '75 percent', '55 percent', '47.8 percent', '28.7 percent', '52.0 percent', '32.2 percent', '45.3 percent', '53.8 percent', '8.8 percent', '6.7 percent', 'Patients', 'IL-17A', 'significant', 'signs', 'symptoms', 'HiSCR50', 'HiSCR75', 'BRUSSELS', 'ATLANTA', 'PRNewswire', 'UCB', 'efficacy', 'adults', 'MD', 'MPH', 'Beth', 'Professor', 'Boston', 'indication', 'Q4W', 'Q2W', 'baseline', 'addition', 'Head', '16 weeks', 'diarrhea', 'Q3', 'Notes', 'editors', 'multicenter', '±', '320']",2023-03-18,2023-03-19,prnewswire.com
20828,EuroNext,Bing API,https://www.financialexpress.com/lifestyle/in-images-which-are-the-worlds-largest-stock-exchange-operators-know-where-india-ranks-on-the-list/3014867/,In Images | Which are the world’s largest stock exchange operators? Know where India ranks on the list,In 1990  the modern foundation for its re-establishment was laid. Founded in 2000  Euronext is the fourth-largest stock exchange in the world. Operating listing venues in Amsterdam  Brussels  Dublin  Lisbon  Oslo  Milan  and Paris  Euronext had ...,A stock exchange is a platform where stockbrokers and traders can buy and sell securities such as shares  bonds  and other financial instruments. It plays a major role in serving as a parameter to know about a country’s economic health and the world’s economic strength. Take a look at the world’s largest stock exchanges by market capitalisation of listed companies (as of March 10  2023):New York Stock Exchange (NYSE)  USA| $27.69 TrillionThe New York Stock Exchange  one of the USA’s stock exchanges is located at 11 Wall Street  New York City  USA. Incorporated in 1792  the New York Stock Exchange is the largest in the world with a market capitalization of $27.69 trillion.National Association of Securities Dealers Automated Quotations (NASDAQ)  USA | $24.56 TrillionNational Association of Securities Dealers Automated Quotations (NASDAQ) – The world’s second-largest stock exchange is located at 151 W  42nd Street  New York City. It has a market capitalization of $24.56 trillion.Shanghai Stock Exchange (SSE)  China | $8.15 TrillionChina’s Shanghai Stock exchange has a market cap of $8.15 trillion. It was established in 1866 but the 1947 Chinese revolution led to its adjournment. In 1990  the modern foundation for its re-establishment was laid.European New Exchange Technology (EURONEXT)  Europe | $7.33 TrillionFounded in 2000  Euronext is the fourth-largest stock exchange in the world. Operating listing venues in Amsterdam  Brussels  Dublin  Lisbon  Oslo  Milan  and Paris  Euronext had approximately 2000 listed companies in December 2021. It is also considered the largest center in the world for debt and fund listings.Japan Exchange Group (JPX) | $6.54 TrillionJapan Exchange Group  or JPX  is a financial instruments exchange holding company in Japan. Established in 1949  it is located at 2-1 Nihombashi Kabutocho  Chuo-ku  Tokyo. It has a market capitalization of $6.54 trillion.Shenzhen Stock Exchange (SZSE)  China | $6.22 TrillionOn number 6  we have China’s Shenzhen Stock Exchange with a market cap of $6.23 trillion. Founded in 1990  it is one of the three stock exchanges independently operating in China. The others two are –the Beijing Stock Exchange and the Shanghai Stock Exchange.Hong Kong Exchanges (HKEX) | $5.43 TrillionEstablished in 1891  the Hong Kong Stock Exchange has 2 538 listed companies as of the end of 2020. With a combined market capitalization of $5.43 trillion  it is the fourth-largest stock exchange in Asia.National Stock Exchange (NSE)  India | $3.55 TrillionIndia ranks number eight on the list of the largest stock exchanges in the world. It has a market capitalization of $3.55 trillion Founded in 1992  NSE is in Mumbai  Maharashtra.The Toronto Stock Exchange is next on the world’s largest stock exchanges list with a market cap of $3.26 trillion.,neutral,0.01,0.98,0.0,neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,True,English,"['largest stock exchange operators', 'Images', 'world', 'India', 'list', 'financial instruments exchange holding company', 'The New York Stock Exchange', 'European New Exchange Technology', 'The Toronto Stock Exchange', 'Securities Dealers Automated Quotations', 'Hong Kong Stock Exchange', 'largest stock exchanges list', 'other financial instruments', 'New York City', 'Hong Kong Exchanges', 'Shanghai Stock Exchange', 'Shenzhen Stock Exchange', 'Beijing Stock Exchange', 'three stock exchanges', 'Operating listing venues', '2-1 Nihombashi Kabutocho', 'National Stock Exchange', 'Japan Exchange Group', 'combined market capitalization', 'National Association', 'major role', 'economic health', 'economic strength', '11 Wall Street', '42nd Street', '1947 Chinese revolution', 'modern foundation', 'fund listings', 'listed companies', 'platform', 'stockbrokers', 'traders', 'shares', 'bonds', 'parameter', 'country', 'world', 'look', 'capitalisation', 'March', 'NYSE', 'USA', 'NASDAQ', 'Trillion', '151 W', 'SSE', 'China', 'adjournment', 'establishment', 'EURONEXT', 'Amsterdam', 'Dublin', 'Lisbon', 'Oslo', 'Milan', 'Paris', 'December', 'center', 'debt', 'JPX', 'Chuo-ku', 'Tokyo', 'SZSE', 'number', 'others', 'HKEX', 'end', 'fourth', 'Asia', 'NSE', 'India', 'Mumbai', 'Maharashtra', '2000', '2,538']",2023-03-19,2023-03-19,financialexpress.com
20829,EuroNext,Twitter API,Twitter,It looked like Europe had its own version of IPO capitalism like Finland Nasdaq or Belgium Euronext. But now they a… https://t.co/5wd1j8kAy4,nan,It looked like Europe had its own version of IPO capitalism like Finland Nasdaq or Belgium Euronext. But now they a… https://t.co/5wd1j8kAy4,neutral,0.07,0.9,0.03,neutral,0.07,0.9,0.03,True,English,"['IPO capitalism', 'Finland Nasdaq', 'Belgium Euronext', 'Europe', 'version', 'IPO capitalism', 'Finland Nasdaq', 'Belgium Euronext', 'Europe', 'version']",2023-03-19,2023-03-19,Unknown
20830,EuroNext,Twitter API,Twitter,Hi @IBKRWhen will you change the too large margin obligations on long term Euronext options  in my opinion this is… https://t.co/02wss1mzyq,nan,Hi @IBKRWhen will you change the too large margin obligations on long term Euronext options  in my opinion this is… https://t.co/02wss1mzyq,neutral,0.07,0.88,0.05,neutral,0.07,0.88,0.05,True,English,"['long term Euronext options', 'large margin obligations', 'IBKR', 'opinion', 'long term Euronext options', 'large margin obligations', 'IBKR', 'opinion']",2023-03-19,2023-03-19,Unknown
20831,EuroNext,Twitter API,Twitter,MC | LVMH Moet Hennessy Louis Vuitton SE Stock Overview (France: Euronext Paris) | Barron's https://t.co/UlIcPXvO0B,nan,MC | LVMH Moet Hennessy Louis Vuitton SE Stock Overview (France: Euronext Paris) | Barron's https://t.co/UlIcPXvO0B,neutral,0.02,0.98,0.0,neutral,0.02,0.98,0.0,True,English,"['LVMH Moet Hennessy Louis Vuitton SE Stock Overview', 'Euronext Paris', 'MC', 'France', 'Barron', 'UlIcPXvO0B', 'LVMH Moet Hennessy Louis Vuitton SE Stock Overview', 'Euronext Paris', 'MC', 'France', 'Barron', 'UlIcPXvO0B']",2023-03-18,2023-03-19,Unknown
